I am a 50-year-old widowed man and my kids have already left home and are following their own way. Friends call me Z.
I´ve been a widow for the last two years and work in an eCommerce business of my own, managing a small team of associates worldwide; I am semi-retired and lead a comfortable life in Brazil renting and constructing properties as well.
Since my wife passed away I decided to move to the south of the country, in order to enjoy milder weather and a safer place (as the reader probably knows, Brazil is a very violent country). There, I bought a beautiful large 3-room apartment with a view of the ocean and great installations (gym, pool, concierge service, etc.).My kids are abroad and, although I have a very good and frequent relationship with them, they will not be mentioned in this story.
I was living by myself and decided that I needed someone to help me with cleaning, cooking, and also taking care of small things like going to the supermarket and doing other chores. For developed countries folks this might sound unusual, but having maids is very common in Brazil. In my case, I was looking for something more - I was looking for a part-time housekeeper; someone I could trust completely; in a sense, we would be partners in managing the apartment and other properties as well. She would also have complete access to my home and, in reality, to a big chunk of my life.
The process of hiring was delegated to an HR company; this would be a difficult position to fulfill; cleaning a home and being able to drive and talk with service providers whilst, at the same time, bringing a high degree of trust and proficiency, is not a common trait to find.
After a few weeks, the HR company consultant thought she had found the perfect candidate - Magda was a 30-plus-year-old blond, with one kid, divorced and with German ancestry, which was perfect since my father was also German.
I was very impressed with her - she spoke fluent German, was very serious and appeared to be hard-working; the job would fit her life well since she would only need to work 3 days a week and would be able to have enough spare time to take care of her 12-year-old daughter.
There was a catch though - I needed someone that could sleep, once a week, in my home. The reason I decided on this unusual arrangement was that I would eventually need to solve business issues until later on in the evening and it would be impossible for the maid (assistant?) to go home that late in the night; I remind the reader that this is Brazil - maids, most of the time, cannot afford their own car and generally live in dangerous neighborhoods. So, for instance, should we follow up with a job going on in one of my properties, or have to prepare dinner much later on, I would be able to ask Magda to work after hours and leave in the next day.
Flexibility was a very important issue for me and, because of that, I was paying way beyond the market salary.
I approved Magda and, in the next day, she was already having her first working day with me. We went to a store together and bought her some working clothes from a nice retailer (it was not a uniform), so she could be comfortable and, at the same time, ready for any work in the street or any other location. Magda and I had a lot of fun choosing clothes and I think she was happy with our choices in the end. We got to know a little bit more about each other and had a wonderful time all in all.
The relationship between I and Magda was very cordial and she was very respectful and dutiful. In fact, after a few weeks, I could say we were starting to become friends, stopping during the day for a coffee and chatting about life and Agda, her young daughter.
During her sleepover, we would have dinner together and she would always prepare a wonderful meal; in fact, it began to be more like a date, where I would bring a dessert and she would buy and cook something special for us to eat.
I was always looking forward to having "our night" since it was joyful to the point where we would watch a movie together after dinner. That being said, we were always very respectful towards each other and, except in my mind, I made an effort never to seem like the relationship could be more than friends and coworkers having a meal and a good time together.
Magda would sleep in one of the suites, with a view of the sea, in the room right next to mine. I must confess I spent a lot of hours thinking about how to open her door and share her bed, but I was able to control myself - definitely, I didn't want to lose her as a working partner I made sure her room was very comfortable and that she had all the things she needed to feel at home. The only odd item I kept in her room was an old photo of mine... who knows if she might dream about me? One never really knows, I deluded myself.
As time passes by, we would go out together to buy things or resolve different issues ever more frequently. We redecorated my apartment (Magda felt it was too empty) and started going out together to supermarkets and other activities. Those were always pleasant moments and, the more we did it, it was becoming clear we were getting closer to each other, but, still, keeping enough distance, afraid that something could ruin this beautiful friendship and work environment.
One day Magda needed to go out and buy some construction material for one of the houses I was building; although I had a small contractor, this guy was with his car broken and needed our help. I asked Magda to fetch my car but she stubbornly refused to do it, since it was for my personal use and very expensive. This is when I noticed that she did not have a car of herself, and was going home by bus every day and buying all the stuff I needed by foot, bus or cab! Of course I should have known that, but I guess in my boss' privileged mind I totally forgot it.I took a sudden decision: grabbed her by the arm and went to a car dealer nearby... talked her into choosing one of the models - a cute yellow car, with a reasonably large trunk. She was astounded... happy, but nervous, she didn´t know how to react... I told the salesperson that I would buy the car, no negotiations needed, but she had to take the car immediately!
Magda, then, left the dealer driving "her" (it was in my company's name) car to buy the things she needed.
When she came back I called her so we could discuss a bit of what happened during the day; I told her that she could use the car as she pleased, including driving back home. In Brazil people live in borderline poverty; although Magda was very well educated, she did not previously have a steady job and her life was very difficult, although she did have a driving license. I explained to her that she had to make sure I was aware of her difficulties and that it was my obligation to take care of her. I think I might have been too incisive and caring or touched a trigger point because, as we were talking, I noticed that her hands were trembling, and she was not really paying any attention to me anymore... I asked her if she was feeling alright and she broke down crying... She said that she had never been so happy in her life - she loved her job, she loved working with me, laughing and discussing different matters and, now, she was driving her own car by herself... not in her wildest dreams it would have happened before! She told me she was very, very grateful and asked me to please never let her leave. I reassured her and told her that I also needed her and she also made me very happy. It was a match made in heaven.
After she calmed down we hugged each other and looked into each other's eyes, making sure we meant what we said. I never felt so close to someone in my life. I was happy I could help Magda, but I also knew I needed her in my life. Of course, I was aroused like a crazy horse and was trying to hide it as much as possible... I could feel her smell, and noticed her beautiful and strong hands holding to mine, those shoulders, the touch of her large breasts when we embraced... It was not easy to take hold of myself, but I did it anyway.
So, from that moment on, she started to use the car to go home after work. I could notice the difference it made in her life... she was arriving earlier and was much more confident and happy. I was very satisfied that she was showing more and more signs of enjoying working with me and feeling more secure about the tasks she needed to accomplish. It was a clear upgrade in her quality of life that positively affected her behavior.
But there was a drawback associated - I had to expel Magda from my home every time after her working hours! She was working more than she should and this was not our previous arrangement. She said that, with the car, she could do many more things, in a quicker way... she had more free time and she wanted to help. After discussing it with her for weeks, I gave up... in the end, she did, really, as she pleased... Also, sometimes she would sleep 2 or even 3 days a week in my (our?) apartment. Of course I was so very happy with that since I would always have a great meal, wonderful conversation and, most of the time, end up having a dessert watching a movie or just hanging out on the balcony talking to each other and watching the sea... it was starting more and more to look like a romantic couple, although I refrained myself to think like that, since, as I said before, I was too afraid of losing her.
During these nights together Magda wore very simple flannel pajamas; even though they were not sexy at all, I could see her beautiful body under them, especially her butt, and I would cherish watching her feet... I think she knew it and kept showing it to me at every opportunity she had, driving me crazy with those soft soles... My God, I realized, I was falling for Magda! It was like a fetish... I would take every opportunity to watch her back or to gaze at her feet on the sofa... It was a game... I pretended not to watch, and she pretended not to notice. Once in a while, she would also move in such a way that our bodies would be in contact so slightly; when uncrossing her legs she would touch my legs with her feet, slowly, very lightly, but surely... when standing up from the sofa, she would make sure her ass was a bit tilted up and the flannel pants were very tight and showing her panties marks (which were getting smaller by the day)...
So, as months passed by, Magda was staying more and more with me, spending her time working and sleeping right next to my room... She was even working out in our gym in the building. I have never dared to knock on her door after she closed it (without locking it) but I would try, as much as possible, to meet her as soon as she left the room... again, we were playing games, looking for each other, but trying to seem casual about it... sometimes she would, "by mistake", leave her room with her towel on because she "forgot" something, while saying she was sorry as we met... the towel would be very high up showing those strong white legs... Jesus...she knew I was devouring her with my eyes...
Somehow, we started going out more and more to do our chores together... We basically never left each other's side, if we could avoid it. Now, thinking back on what was going on, she would mostly wear jeans in the street, but, at home, she was always barefoot and wearing dresses... this was such a turn-on... Talking like that, it may seem like she was a cougar but, in reality, when in front of others, she was very reserved and, may I add, a bit unsympathetic. We didn't touch each other, but we caught ourselves smiling at one another and looking at each other many times per day. I am also sure that she was staying longer than she needed while cleaning and organizing any room I was in... showing those beautiful soles... and legs... and swinging her hips just a bit more than necessary...
One of those working afternoons we were walking in the aisle of a construction warehouse when a forklift had to pass through... I pushed her away from the machine´s passage and stayed in front of her so she couldn't move and the equipment could pass freely in my back. During those brief seconds our bodies were glued to each other, our faces almost touching, I had one hand on the rack and another on her shoulder... We stayed with locked eyes, breathing a bit heavier than usual and enjoying that moment. To be fair, I stayed like this a little bit longer than necessary, and I could tell she loved it as much as I did.
After this first experience we became much physically closer and more intimate somehow; I decided we could start touching each other a bit more frequently. In the beginning, I did it very sparsely, but, after a few weeks I would take every opportunity to touch her... her arms, her shoulders, even her hair and hands. She didn't touch me that much, but she also started to lean on my arm, or laugh more at my jokes and touch my shoulder, to the point that a lot of the salespeople we met would call us husband and wife and we would start smiling at this, not correcting anyone. It was our inside joke, and we loved it.
It was almost one year we were working together when I started to think about getting to know her daughter... who was she? Could I meet her? Magda was excited about it! She didn't want to bother me with that subject previously but she really wanted to present her daughter to me... in fact, in the coming week, it would be Agda´s (her daughter´s name) birthday. We decided to have dinner together in a very nice restaurant; Magda and Agda would go out to buy (at my expense, of course) some fancy dresses for them to wear. I also went to a store and bought Agda an Apple iPhone and one Imac. I was sure she would be delighted and those could be very helpful gifts for an adolescent.
On the day of the birthday, where I would finally meet Agda, I told Magda I would pick them up.. she was adamant I couldn't... we had our first discussion... she wouldn't bulge; in the end, without her consent, I went to her home anyway, a bit earlier than the due time... and understood why she didn't want me to go there in the first place... it was a slum... a favela, a horrible place!!! "My Magda" could not be there!! I was angry with myself for not understanding it previously and paying more attention to that issue before. Magda was a single mom for years, with barely a job... of course, she would be poor... very poor.... I couldn't see it because she was so intelligent and beautiful, but she did not have a family any longer, her father was German but she didn't know who he was. Her mother, of German descent, had a hard life taking care of crops and passed away not long after Magda was born. Magda was raised by friends of the family, speaking exclusively German, in a small town, with limited schooling but a wonderful work ethic and social values. Her father was a German that had passed through the town in a quick university tour, and impregnated Magda when she was still young. He was nowhere to be found.
I went back home and pretended I didn't go by her home while waiting for Magda and Agda in the living room.
When they arrived and opened the door I couldn't believe what I saw.... Agda was the happiest, most beautiful 12-year-old I had ever seen in my life! She was so intelligent and talkative, she told me of her life, of what she loved to do, about what she intended to be in the future... She told me her mother was paying her a private school and extra courses and that she was learning additional languages by herself; we changed from Portuguese to German and she was elated to be able to speak in her mother tongue with someone else. Now I could understand why there was no money for her to improve her home... It was all about education first.
I took them to a restaurant with my car, and I could notice that Agda was very happy to drive in front of the car with me while we chatted... oh God... how much the two of us talked... it was like a previous life connection... we felt so comfortable with each other... At some point, I asked Magda to come closer (she was in the back seat) and join the conversation... I could see how proud of her kid she was and happy for our newfound friendship, but I wanted to make sure my beautiful German housemaid was included in everything we said.
We had a wonderful dinner, we laughed a lot and Agda made her mother blush when she told me that her mother talked about me day and night and that I was the best man she had ever met, how intelligent and kind I was, and so on .... finally she told me I was much more handsome than her mother let her know and that I was, indeed, cool... But why wasn't I dating her mom? Well, I was able to change the subject and forgot about it, but the idea lingered in the air for a while. In the end, it was the most fun and gratifying dinner I have ever had... we stayed for hours talking and eating... until the restaurant had to close. The spirit of camaraderie, the happiness of having a great meal with people you care about, and having tons to talk about was something very remarkable for all of us.
Since it was too late for them to drive home, we went back to my apartment where they would both sleep in Magda´s room. As we arrived, I said I still had one surprise left for Agda and gave her the presents I had bought... The scene that followed was unexpected... there was silence for 20 seconds... I was not sure what was going on... then, suddenly, Agda started crying... really having a near convulsion... her mother followed her... I was not sure what to do... it lasted for one minute until Agda threw herself in my arms, still crying, while saying it has been the best day of her life, that now she understood why her mother loved me the way she did... wait, what? Magda loved me?
I didn't know if I should be happy or embarrassed...Magda was wiser than me... she took my hands and, in her very tender way, with those deep blue eyes told me that they were very very happy and that our lives were connected now. That I could count on them for whatever I may need and that I had saved them, not only from poverty but, especially from a sad life without love or care.
Now it was my time to cry and hug them... we stayed like this for a while but, since it was already late, we decided it was time to take a bath and go to bed... Yes, taking a bath before sleep, after waking up, and even during the day, is a very Brazilian thing...
After leaving the shower, I could hear Agda excitedly checking her phone and talking to her mother in their room... Those girls, my girls are fantastic! Loyal, happy, intelligent, and absolutely hard-working. As I was preparing to sleep, Agda came into the room and laid in my bed while hugging me... it was a very tender moment... she said she loved me too and was.... and right there and then, in mid-sentence, she slept with her head in my chest... Magda came into the room after a few moments (which had never happened before) and, without thinking twice, laid down in my bed touching Agda with one hand and caressing my hair with the other; after a few seconds went by, she slept immediately too. Although I was a bit surprised, to say the least, I understood that a new story was beginning in my life. I had no idea what would happen, but I was sure those girls were an integral part of it.
In the next morning, we woke up and had a long breakfast. I had decided to move Agda and Magda from their present house... no way I would let them still live there in that slum! Of course I couldn't tell Magda that I knew where she lived, so I came up with a story that she could live nearby my home and also, keep an eye on a few apartments I had in that region. Moreover, I decided that I would pay for Agda´s education and that she could easily go to a school closer to the new apartment, a better school, a multi-lingual one that could prepare her for an international life and assure her an improved future, should she put in the effort.
I left Agda to their own devices and called Magda to my room so we could have more privacy; I think I may have talked too quickly about my plan and really was not paying too much attention to her... All of a sudden I noticed Magda was white as a sheet of paper... she couldn't speak... she was trembling... I saw this before, so I hold her hand and said "It´s ok Magda... everything´s is gonna be fine...you are taken care of and I will also take care of Agda... don't worry..."... she broke down,... completely; she was crying, laughing a bit hysterically, trembling... she said "what have I done to deserve it? You are the most wonderful person I have ever met... I don't know how to repay you... my life is yours to take.... I need ... you ... I need to ...."... I couldn't resist anymore... that beautiful German face, blue eyes, the messed up wonderful blond hair, the sweet expression... and kissed her... she was surprised... it took a few seconds..... she was staring at me... like, like... what's going on here? Then she kissed me back... she threw herself onto me... she kept saying... "I'm yours.... do as you please Z... I´m yours to take..."
We went from slowly kissing to passionately touching each other, while she kept moaning... I couldn't believe I still could feel this way or do this to another woman... she was completely loose... moaning... babbling..., wanting me but allowing me total control of her... she grabbed me with her legs and was embracing me hard, while still crying, still kissing, moving her hips... All of a sudden we heard a giggle from the door... it was Agda watching us...I started laughing as well and invited her in... we all sat on the bed and laughed about everything, although Magda was taken aback by the sudden appearance of her daughter and was a bit... embarrassed... not really knowing her place. We told Agda the news and, once again, she threw herself in my arms (and lap), hugging me with arms and legs, and kissing me, while laughing out loud! She wouldn't let me go for the whole 5 minutes...
I decided it was enough emotions for one day and that we would take a day off to chill. So we took the car and went to a nearby beach. To my surprise, Magda had a bikini in her room, but we had to do some shopping for Agda, which was, again, another thrilling sensation to her... It's funny how I loved being with Magda but, Agda added excitement and fun to anything we did together.
When we arrived at the beach and Magda was in her bikini, I was completely aroused! This German lady had the body of a 20-year-old! That gym was definitely paying off and she could really take care of herself... I had never noticed her curves before since I tried hard not to think of her "that way" and she was always wearing very loose and sporty clothes.
I came to her and quietly said: "...you are driving me crazy with that body..."... she blushed... holding my hand... she didn't really know how to behave since, technically, she was still my maid... but I think, deep down, we knew this time was over... She said: "It's all yours now...". Oh, man...
There was a place on the beach hiring surfboards and I thought Agda would love to try it. It's been a few years since I have surfed, but I was able to help Agda learn how to do the basics with a rental board. She was a really determined girl! She would fall and stand up and try again... always happy and cheerful.
It's interesting to notice that most of the time Agda and I talked, we would try to speak in German; we really had our private little communication world since not a lot of people speak the language in our town. This would also be a more intimate way of having a conversation... without noticing, I started talking in German with Magda all the time as well... this meant that, slowly but surely, we were becoming family. As for Agda, I was glad to be her... whatever it was that we had together, I loved it...
While I was in the sea surfing, everything went well; on the other hand, as soon as I came back by Magda´s side on the sand, I was having terrible problems hiding my arousal for her... to the point that I had to look elsewhere to forget about that body, with white soft skin, perfect curves, just a bit on the stronger side, but with a firm complexion... ahhh those strong legs and beautiful german face and blond hair... I couldn't help it and I got closer to her... and looked her in the eyes... she looked... scared... fragile... I kissed her and could feel, if this is something you may feel by kissing, that she was mine... really mine... my woman... I took her, she gave it, she was leaning towards me... holding my hands and very quietly moaning... she opened her eyes... "I love you Z... forever... I'm yours Z...please take me... always...".
I don't need to tell the reader that I was going crazy with all this kissing and caressing... I decided that I should go back to the cold water of the ocean to teach a bit more Agda, feeling happy with my new life partners and with the cooler temperature helping me out with my obvious and embarrassing arousal.
Going back home from the beach, whilst Agda was lost dealing with her iPhone, Magda and I were driving together in the front of the car; I couldn't take my hands off her legs, shoulders and face... she was smiling and feeling a bit tickly as well ... I could see she wanted me as much as I wanted her.
We arrived home and I decided that the girls would stay in my apartment until I could find a place for them... Little did I know it would be troublesome to find a proper new home for them... either it was too small, too far away from Agda´s new school, or had some other problem... I guess, in the end, I wanted them to be under my own roof anyway... Magda went to her home to pick a few things she needed and we all went shopping to buy additional stuff they could use in the coming weeks.
It was the first time Magda and I were acting as a proper couple. She would hold my arm, quite in a possessive way, and we wouldn't stop kissing, except when Agda would make us. More importantly, we couldn't keep our hands off each other and I loved to keep touching her ass!
This night, after the beach, would be our first proper night together and I was excited to go to bed to "sleep", although also a bit anxious. After dinner, Magda put Agda to sleep and came to my (our) bed. I could tell she was not feeling like she should be there, like it was not her place, which, frankly, a few hours before it was not. I said: "Magda, this is your bed now... I don´t think you will ever sleep in any other bed in your life... I am your man, and you are my woman...". I could see the tears in her eyes... I can only imagine the terror of not being protected, of having to fight every day without a partner by her side, without feeling respected and cherished... she held me firmly, put her head in my chest... and finally said... "You don't understand... it's not only that I am happy, that I love you, that I will do everything for you..."... I interrupted her... and started kissing her, removing her clothes, fingering her... she hold my dick... and opened slowly her legs... moaning all the time.... she was totally wet already! I couldn't wait any longer and penetrated her, slowly, hard as a rock (it´s been a while since I felt like this)... and started moving... I raised my chest and started kissing her beautiful feet as I watched my member enter her, that beautiful pussy, Magda, with open legs for me, moaning, giving it to me... she wanted me and I desperately wanted her... it didn't take long for both of us to come... but I continued to hold her, to hold her from behind, to feel her butt against my penis; after a few minutes, I started to get hard again, and she moved her butt against my body, and I laid her face down onto the bed and opened her legs, and I wanted her ass... and she wanted to give it to me... "fuck me in the ass master... I´m yours, take me, do what you want with me...", then I understood, she wanted to be submissive, and I would take every advantage of it - "open your legs ... show me your ass... keep masturbating...do you want me to fuck your ass?", "yes master, fuck it... hard... cum inside my ass..."... and I obliged her, slowly penetrating at first, letting her channel relax... and it did... she came again and the doors opened, and I started pounding her ass while she went wild... crazy, coming multiple times, shaking her body, moving her head, she was really in another dimension... I loved the view, watching her ass being fucked, I could also see the reflection in the mirror as she was in a doggy position wanting more and more, masturbating ... until I couldn't resist any longer and came right into her ass... she was basically screaming at that point... insane! How could that mild gentle woman become such a wild slave? We went to bed completely covered in sweat, hugging each other...before we passed out she told me... "you own me master... you own me..."... I could barely believe it. She was the love of my life, but she was my slave as well.
From that point on, we would basically fuck almost every day! And, even when we didn't, we would kiss and masturbate each other, such was the attraction we had for each other... I was going addicted to that body and that power I had over Magda... She would let me do anything, anywhere...I was wild most of the time... she was mine. I wanted the world to know... she was also so happy, but really, really tamed... except when she was dealing with other people, outside our family circle... then, she would then be more like a German shepherd, protective of her turf... making sure I was the owner to be cherished and enemies would be kept at bay.
Since we were making too much noise while in our room, Agda was sleeping in the room on the other side of the corridor. Also, we would make sure to cover the door with pillows. Not sure what the result was since Agda was always smirking in the morning while we were having breakfast.
After two months of dating, we were watching a movie with popcorn while Magda rested on my chest, and Agda, as always, threw her legs on top of me... and was talking all the time... giving opinions and swearing... when the concierge (yeah, this is a thing in Brazil) rang to deliver some letters... when I went to the door I noticed that most of them were for the girls... and all of them were mailed to "our" address... This is when I finally realized that this was really our home, not only mine, not any longer...
I stopped the movie and said: "Guys, listen, what about you start living here with me, permanently, and making this your home, our home?"... Of course, Agda said immediately yes and, again, was all over me, kissing me and, really, hurting me! She said: "Finally! You're going to be much happier with us here! I will cook and bring friends and we can surf together and we go to the gym together and you can pick me up from school and we can travel..." she wouldn't stop talking! She went on and on and I noticed... in the end, all she was really saying was that... she would be with me and she was happy about it! I didn't notice before, but, in reality, she became my daughter... and I loved it... I loved her! Magda, on the other hand, was quiet... "Z, I don't want us to intrude...you have your life... we are not even boyfriend and girlfriend properly...think about it... let's take it one step at a time". "Magda", I said, "you are right..." To the dismay of Agda... "we must marry..."...
Instead of saying yes I do, Magda caught my arm and we went to mine... our... room.
She said that she would like to wait one year before making such a huge decision: "...let's live here, together, with Agda... I will keep working, although we may need to find someone as a cleaning lady... we will be boyfriend and girlfriend... we may even be engaged soon... but let's take it slowly..." I was surprised, to say the least... I thought she would love the idea of marriage, but I understood where she was coming from, or so I thought; I pondered for a bit longer and acquiesced. We went back to the living room where Agda was waiting for us with a somewhat strange expression on her face... when Magda told her we were not marrying, she looked... relieved? Does it even make sense? I thought she would berate us and be angry.
Anyway, from that point on, we started living together and the first item on the list would be to transform a bachelor´s home into a family home... Both girls took the job with such a passion that I decided to stay out of their way, out of their way, and just helped whenever I was called. Agda, especially, was anxious to have her room fixed; strangely enough, she decorated it with surfing motives... when I asked her about it she said: "This is the best memory you gave to me... the sea, the waves... I will be a surfer..."... and so she really became one... she would be the state champion for many years to come. Funny enough she did not compete nationally because she did not want to leave home. Agda was a Maverick but was too attached to our life in our town... she would only travel with us or, at best, for one day with friends. I guess it was some kind of attachment or insecurity she developed, but the reader will understand it better in the future. I thought it would be ideal for her to learn how to be by herself once in a while, but, on the other hand, mother and daughter have been through a rough path together and I did not want them to feel rejected or alone; I could totally understand and agree if Agda wanted to be around me and her mom, under our wings, protected and taken care of.
God could have not provided me with a better daughter. We were surfing together all the time and traveled whenever we could. I was always trying to help her develop her physique, improve her fighting skills, or help her to understand math, business or life. Agda was completely fascinated with me... it was really strange... whenever I talked, she would just listen to me... the world would turn off...and, frankly, I was the same... besides her mother, who was indeed the love of my life, Agda was my main priority... nothing would stand in the way of our relationship or her happiness. I didn't spoil her (very much); I definitely gave her a lot of presents, but also, a lot of responsibilities. She was amazing! So hard working. She improved in mastering different languages as well. In fact, the 3 of us studied French and Spanish. English was a given, while Portuguese is her Brazilian mother tongue. Most of our communication was done in German.
We traveled abroad a few times, but, in reality, we loved our routine, our apartment, and our life in the south of Brazil. Leaving the country was not a high priority on our to-do list. Some people would even criticize us, since we loved being together so much that, without noticing, we would shun people away. I tried to help Agda have more friends and to have them come to visit us, but, in the end, she would get tired of them. Both girls and boys. I am not even sure that she had ever had a serious partner.
At that point, Magda and I had been together for two years; we never fought... never ever for anything... it was odd... our relationship was absolutely perfect... Each one of us was eager to please the other and cede and comprehend... in fact sometimes it was difficult to make a decision because we would be willing to let the other feel comfortable and happy. In my mind, I think all of this was due to Magda´s complete fidelity, love, and total surrender. It's almost insane. In bed, she would let me do anything to her... she would literally be my slave... she called me sir, and master... She stayed wet easily. Because of her perfect body and wonderful feet, as soon as she started walking with a t-shirt and nothing else, my dick would immediately notice and I would grab her and start sucking her neck, her legs, her soles... it was very inconvenient and wonderful... I would fuck her senseless...she would open her legs and offers me a wet pussy... oh gosh... I loved that pussy a bit fatty, like the front of a Beetle car. My favorite position is doing the missionary position while kissing her soles and watching my dick go in and out... Because she was so open to me... I decided to fuck her ass as well... she loved it, with or without a vibrator in her pussy.
It came to a point where she could not use open sandals or dresses because I would need to fuck her immediately... it was that level of insanity and addiction... we were totally in love, working and living together and having sex like rabbits...
I had never been into cuckold fantasy previously, but, because she was very discrete and I had such pleasure just watching her, I started noticing that whenever men talked or looked at her I would feel the need for a quick fuck. And men were really starting to notice her... now she had the means to take care of her beauty, she worked out daily and she took time buying clothes. My woman is a looker now! My wife became a milf! This is dangerous! My girlfriend is an attractive female!
I am very jealous, so besides her own regular shy ways, she also did take very much care about how to talk to men in a discreet manner or how to dress conservatively when in town. But, whenever she notices me around, she would make sure, once in a while, I would be just a bit jealous as an exciting experience... just enough to make me aroused...
Once we were in Agda´s school and a very handsome director was discussing something with Magda... he started to be more gentle than he should; generally, this would be enough for Magda to cut the conversation; this time though she notices me looking at her... she was wearing a beautiful short dress, that revealed her great bum and strong legs...therefore she decided to walk around the room, showing specific photos and posters, but with a very disguised gentleness and interest in her voice, while making sure her whole body was exposed to the poor director... it was obvious his erection and, the more desperate he got (i was right there), the more she would entice him... in the end, she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and ever so slightly touched her hand in his dick... I had to have her right in the bathroom of the school... she would whisper in my ear: "... did you enjoy me showing myself to him... did you want me to suck his dick?..."... Jesus... This woman was driving me insane. That was a new thing... She started something in me that would change our relationship.
Because she was so submissive, I didn't feel insecure; moreover, we had a very stable and trustworthy relationship where I would try to make her as comfortable as possible, cared for and made sure our family was safe, while she, on her part, submitted to me as much as she could. Also, in the company that took care of our properties, she was now, in fact, the boss. So it was, in the end, a relationship of equals.
Going together to the beach or pool was an issue in itself... I don't allow her to wear tiny bikinis, so she tries to use conservative swimming suits... but, sometimes, depending on her mood or my mood, she wears very provocative clothes on the beach... This drives me mad, but I must confess, I also love it... and she knows it. She goes to the sea and makes sure to pass by close to a poor soul that will inevitably look at those legs and ass and want her... and, as always, she was charming and nice but not available.
The last crazy thing she did was wear a collar on her ankle (an anklet) with my name on it... this is whore thing! But, because of her beautiful perfect calves, it was great! She would walk around the streets wearing them and drove me crazy horny.
That being said, in the day-by-day activities she always wanted to make sure I knew where she was and dressed, I would say, excessively conservatively or sporty. Loose jeans, tennis shoes, and T-shirts. Sometimes even a cap. Almost no jewelry and no make-up.
One fantasy we had though was to make amateur home movies...although we would hide our faces, we loved to publish them on the internet... especially the ones I fucked her ass while she masturbates with a vibrator. This became a habit for us... to read the comments and enjoy the desire of other men... we finally went into a group where we could share photos (without the face) of partners... we were not considering swinging, but just for the fun and excitement of showing her body... She loved it and so did I. The more we did it, the more creative we were in our productions... also the more desire we had for each other. She would masturbate me while showing the comments and her photos on the internet... we even published a small video that you could almost say it was her on the screen... I fucked her insanely while watching those videos, while she said: "...do you like your slave pussy to be shown, master? Do you like other men jerking off for my body master?..."
One day I decided to buy a high-tech vibrator, controlled by Bluetooth... this equipment had many different features... vibrate, clitoris movement, expansion/contraction, temperature change, and magnetic waves... all this combined generated a pleasurable vagina sensation... our model also had a small penis to insert in the ass so all the holes and areas were covered if needed.
The idea was to make her talk to attractive men and turn the equipment on and off, and see how much she would take and examine her reactions. She was not comfortable at all because she was a very controlled person and was afraid to lose it... but I fingered her for a long time while inserting the vibrator into her and, in the end, ordered my slave to use it for me.
The first time we tried this little experiment she had to talk to a real estate agent in his office. I stayed in the car and controlled the equipment. I was able to see what was going on through a large window the office had... she was talking to the agent when she tensed and started sweating... she could stand it for less than one minute... she came running back to the car and said that if she didn't leave she would have sucked the agent´s cock right then and there. She was so aroused that we had to fuck twice for her to calm down, right there in the car.
But that experience, I must confess, completely awake my cuckold side... the truth was that I wanted to see Magda taken by another man; but how to make it happen without making sure our marriage was not put at risk?
I had a plan: I invited Magda to have sex in one of my apartments, where I would tie her hands, blindfold her and make her lay face down. She was a bit reluctant but we were no strangers to new experiences. So we went to the apartment and I started to finger her, use the vibrator, and arouse her as much as I could, making her butt move, her pelvis go up and down, side to side,...this was my objective...the penetration of that butthole. She had her ass up and was very much excited.
While she was ready to cum, I started slowly fingering her ass...she knew what was next. A bit of lubricant here, more masturbation, foreplay,... Then I sent the message to the guy I had arranged previously to fuck her.
He was a younger fellow, body similar to mine but not so handsome...the important thing is that he had a good tool, according to a girl I knew. Anyway, he quietly entered the room and was happy with what he saw...he already had his dick hard. I invited him to replace me and he followed my plan. He started to touch my wife's buttonhole with his penis and started slowly inserting it, while still making sure the vibrator was keeping Magda very distracted on her pussy.
In the end, it was everything I had hoped for. He fucked her ass while Magda would yell, and act like a raging bull being tamed. She came 3 times with his penis. I was in paradise! He finally came into her and left, leaving me to hold her. I, myself, came twice! It was wonderful... never thought I would enjoy so much seeing my woman being fucked by another dick... and, better yet, hopefully, without her knowing it. In all fairness, he performed much better than I would have.
Apparently, she didn't notice anything, but it's hard to tell. Anyway, she was very pleased, thanked me, and complimented my performance... "yeah, I really stayed hard when dominating you like that...", I said as an excuse for a larger, more virile penis.
She asked for me to film us next time...this would be a challenge, I thought, but that would be a problem for the future.
As the years passed by, Magda still cooked for us and took care of our apartment and other properties. I worked at my online company and spent a lot of time with Agda, teaching her, picking her up from school, and doing other activities together such as gym, surfing, language courses, etc... She was very active and, just like her mother, disciplined. I thought that, with time, Agda would forget about me and think about boys and girls; the opposite happened... We were getting closer and closer and talking about everything between the earth and the sky. We have always had a very similar way of thinking and she was always genuinely interested in my ideas. Whenever we were with Magda I always had to make sure she was included in our conversations, otherwise, we would talk non-stop among the two of us only.
Magda could feel this strong connection, but, strangely enough, she was not bothered; I guess she understood that the bond of our little family was more important than everything else.
I have always talked about having kids with Magda; we tried everything but, still, we could not conceive... she was really frustrated with that and I tried to show her that this was a minor issue... when making love, she used to ask for a baby... nowadays, she does not do that any longer. I thought it was a moot point, but, as the reader will see in the next chapter, it was a big issue for Magda.
Also, she was not talking about marriage any longer, although I was. She was always postponing it and proposing another date or another opportunity. It was not clear to me what she had in mind. So, one day, I did a testament where both of them would be covered with life insurance and other guarantees. Frankly, I thought they would be more impressed, but they just politely said thanks and kissed me. This was definitely odd... maybe they thought we were already family anyway... who knows...
Now it's been 5 years we've (Magda and I) been together... Agda was already 17 and we were still very much in love, traveling and learning with each other. For our 5th anniversary, which was also Agda´s birthday, I prepared a very special treat... We woke up, had a large breakfast with a small cake and I said that they would have to be blindfolded after changing clothes. Basically, I kidnapped them into a very dark car and went to a private airport... they had no clue what was going on... we made it in such a way that they didn't know they were in an airplane until the engines started. I had already packed their clothes and we would be flying for 3hs to a ski resort in the mountains. When they took their blinds off, I didn't say where we were going. As soon as they started seeing the frozen peaks of the Andes they didn't understand a thing! As soon as the airplane was getting ready to land, I asked the stewardess to help them dress in proper clothes for negative temperatures. Long story short, we spent 3 days skiing and celebrating our birthdays. I don't have to tell you reader that Agda was insanely happy skiing; for a surfer, mountains with snow are the second-best place in the world. They both loved it so much that we decided to stay a few days longer in a bungalow near the tracks.
We had already traveled abroad to Europe, but this was an unexpected journey, and they were crazily excited.
Magda definitely showed her appreciation later in the night. At that point I could say we were very professional with our productions; lately, we´ve been pretending Magda was sucking another man´s cock with a dildo. The way we filmed it looked like it was the real thing... I was getting more and more excited with the concept of another man taking Magda but, at the same time, afraid we would lose our special bond. She, of course, felt the same.
I discovered a new technology that could resemble someone fucking Magda in the video, instead of me, or doing a threesome; the first time I presented it to Magda, she went crazy and fucked nonsense for hours while watching her having sex with "another guy".
I kept fucking her ass, while she used a dildo with a vibrator in her pussy... I love that ass... and I love to fuck her while kissing her legs and licking her soles... It's funny that after so many years, I would still be aroused by little things, like her showing her legs or soles, or just walking around... I also loved her hands jerking me off while talking or watching one of our videos...
When we came back from our travels we decided to give the controlled vibrator one more try...Magda was OK with it, but really worried things could run out of control; at the same time, she also enjoyed the challenge and the experience. In her mind, she had never fucked another guy while living with me, but I knew better...
For this new vibrator test, she went to the same realtor, a very thin and private guy that worked alone in his office. She went inside and, just like the previous time, I turned it on... this time very slowly for just a brief time... I kept doing it slowly and just once in a while... she started to be more comfortable, although clearly aroused. The realtor did not seem to notice. She started to get closer to him and smile more... I was very afraid at that point and reduced the power and the frequency... but, all of a sudden I could not turn it off anymore... she started to feel it... it was insane... she was in shock... she didn't know what to do....like a beast in a cage... she thought about leaving. Still, it was clear that she didn't know how... the realtor noticed something was wrong and, instead of giving her space, he got closer and, naturally, was trying to help... and then... it happened... She looked at the confused realtor and kissed him... like a monster eating its prey... she quickly opened his pants, took his dick and started sucking it! I don't know what happened to me, but I was in shock... excited, but in shock... what should I do? She was howling... possibly she was having multiple orgasms... through her g point, clitoris, anus, all at the same time... To be fair, I was afraid she would eat the poor guy´s dick. At this point, the realtor was surrendering to Magda and started fucking her in the mouth, pushing his large dick into her throat... she wanted more, she wanted it all, she was sticking her nails in his ass and making him touch the deep of her throat... and then... he came all over her face... and she came together... and ran from the office... again...
She didn't know where to go, but finally found our car, entered, and finally could remove the vibrator... She was exhausted, ashamed and started crying .... she screamed: "Go... let's leave this place now!... Go!".
We didn't talk... she was not happy at all. She knew exactly what happened and so did I... we didn't know what would happen to us now... people talk about cuckolding... that's fine and nice in films, but not in real life... not with people that love each other and are committed to a relationship and family. Not saying this is impossible, but it certainly presents difficult challenges.
In the coming weeks, we barely talked... in fact, she would sleep in another room. Agda didn't understand what was going on, but she left us alone, at least for a while.
Finally, one night, she was ready to talk. "Z, I understand we have a lot of fun with our games, but what happened was over the top. I don't want this to happen ever again. In fact, I am so ashamed that it will be a while until I am able to make love to you again. We may sleep in the same bed, but I'm not ready yet for sex." I understood what she was going through, and respected her space... weeks passed and we would start touching each other and kissing, slowly...She was really traumatized, I could tell, but she was starting to feel comfortable again in my presence, in my arms.
We started making love again; slowly, carefully, with no big stories... just regular stuff once in a while. Then, one night, while I was masturbating her, she said: "...do you want to see me suck another man´s dick?"... I was surprised, to say the least...
"... I don't know..." I tentatively said...
"Because, if you want it, I would like to suck another man´s dick in front of you... if we are together..."
"Are you sure about it?"...
"Yes... I want you to see me with another man´s dick fucking my mouth..."...
We fucked hard after that... The love of my life would fulfill a fantasy of mine - well, of ours?
I had a plan. She was not aware of it.
I decided that, from now on, she would use the vibrator in her pussy. This way I would decide when and with whom she would feel pleasure. She was not too happy about it but agreed...
We started having fun... I would make her cum in front of many men, and I would fuck her ass afterward... I did that even with women... I almost made her kiss a maid in the elevator...
But the coup de grace was one day when I had to pick her up in the night from a store and she had to sit in the back seat because of a large box on the front seat.
I then told her I would have to pick up Jack. Jack was someone we would meet, for professional reasons, once in a while; Magda did not like him very much since he was a little bolder than he should be with her... inconvenient was the best word to describe him. I knew he was very successful fucking ladies around and had the fame of having a large dick.
When I stopped to pick him up, Magda was surprised. She was completely uncomfortable since there was also another box in the back; this meant that she would have to sit close to Jack. As you might expect, I turned the device on... she was not happy with it... she leaned to the front and asked me to please for me to stop... I said no... but assured her she could try to resist...
I asked Jack if he felt comfortable in the back with such a beautiful lady by his side; he said it was a pleasure... Magda was not able to look him in the eyes...I could see her squeezing her legs... coming without being able to scream...
I decided to have a more direct approach... "Jack, my wife always said that you are the most handsome friend I have"
"Really?" said the surprised man...
"You are also the most beautiful woman I know..."...
At that point, Magda was not thinking straight any longer... she looked at him with a distant look, totally drunk by many orgasms...wishing to have some physical relief... he must have understood it as a sign to kiss her and he didn't lose his opportunity... Jack and Magda embraced and started kissing... Now she was moaning...she quickly opened his pants and grabbed his hard cock and started sucking it...I loved it... it was at night and I was driving in darker streets, away from the center... Jack was starting some pelvic moves as if wanting to fuck...
I said to Magda... "Show him your ass and let him fuck it".
She lost no time...She raised her dress, showed her beautiful butt, got his dick, and inserted it in... she was so wet that it went in very quickly! His cock was way larger than mine, but, still, she took it in stride...
She started moaning..." Fuck me Jack... fuck me with that big cock..."
I asked her "Whose ass is this now?"
"It's all Jack´s..."
"Will he be able to fuck you whenever he wants..."
"Yes he can fuck me when he wants... fuck me Jack... fuck your ass... take my ass,... it´s yours now... it´s yours..." ...
Jack was enjoying it and although in a very restricted place in the back seat of the car, he was able to hold Magda and kiss her neck, hold her boobs, and move her all around... while this was happening, the vibrator was doing its job and leading Magda to a crazy frenzy with multiple orgasms...
"Whose is this ass Magda? Who owns you now?"...
"Jack does... I´m your ass cumpot Jack... fuck your woman´s ass... it´s yours... fuck me when you want, how you want..."...
...and then Jack came, hard... for a while, he left his dick inside Magda´s ass... I turned the device off... they all got back into their seats...
Magda said, "I want to go home... Please Jack go back to your place...". We all got the message and I left him at home.
After we got home, Magda took a bath, talked a bit with Agda, and called me into our room. Shit, I must have fucked our marriage once and for all.
"Z, I understand I was the one who asked for it. I loved it, but I won't do anything like this again. This is not who I want to be and this is certainly not the woman you want by your side.
As always, she was right... It was a great fantasy, and we enjoyed it, but it would ruin our marriage if we took it too far.
We kept doing our movies and I also made her fuck another man twice, without her knowing it... or so I thought. I was not really sure if she could feel the difference, but she acted like it was me who had fucked her, although the boy´s dick was slightly larger and harder. It was all for the better and, anyway, the most important thing was that our almost 6-year-old marriage was strong and getting better every day. Things were about to change, in a very unsuspected way.