A Broken Air Conditioner and a Little Kinky Sex
On a trip heading north from Florida disaster struck--twice. My SUV's air conditioner died and the electric windows were stuck in the closed position. I checked fuses. Not the problem. I looked on the bright side; I might lose a few pounds on the 18 hour trip home.
After a couple hours, my wife didn't share my stoic outlook.
"Can't we do something?" she asked.
"Find a dealership and stay around for a day or two while they repair this?"
"Or go home sweating," she said, frowning.
"That's about it."
She shook her head. "I'm dying here." Then she reached down and pulled off her panties from beneath her pleated Indian cotton skirt. "I'm glad I wore this lightweight clothing, but I need to take off everything else."
I flashed her a lecherous look. "I'm glad you took your undies off. I'm getting a hard-on thinking about you being naked under that skirt. It feels very good."
"Then you'll really like it when I take off my bra."
Roni unbuttoned her billowing blouse, took it completely off and quickly unhooked her bra and dropped it and the bikini panties in my lap. She put the blouse back on, but didn't button it, then she grinned and shook her tits from side to side.
"I love when you do that," I said.
"I know. Hope you enjoy the show."
"Every minute of it."
"Good. Now can you make the fan run any faster?" she asked.
I pointed at the controls on the dashboard. "You can move it up one more notch. That's it."
She did and lifted and spread her skirt to catch the air rushing through the dashboard and floor vents.
"That's a little better," she said.
"Now you're really making me hard."
She pulled the skirt up and back even more so I could get a full view of her beautiful natural bush. "Like what you see?"
I groaned. "My cock is going to rip through these shorts, and if I keep looking, I'll wreck the car."
She laughed. "My poor boy. Are you getting a big hard dick because of me?"
"Uh huh. Now, show me your tits again."
"Of course. Just keep one eye on the road until I'm ready." She dropped the skirt, opened her blouse and stuck out her boobs for me to get another good look and then shook them again. "There ya go."
I reached over and stroked her left nipple.
"Oooh. That felt good."
I reached farther over and touched the right one.
"That's good, too."
"I'd love to play with your tits, but at seventy-five miles an hour, I might make you feel good until we end up off the road. Why don't you let me watch you play with your nipples and the worst that will happen is I cum in my pants."
She not only stroked her nipples and turned them hard, but she let me watch her diddle her clit for a few moments.
"It's too hot to keep playing with myself. If I start dripping, I'll stick to this hot seat."
I sighed and faked disappointment. "Okay, but you can always pick up where we left off when we get to a motel."
She smiled. "I think we can do something like that."
She cooled her pussy for a couple more miles and then opened her blouse again exposing her tits and leaning closer to the air vents. The passing scenery was unremarkable--boring actually, but inside the SUV, I was getting a great view.
That gave me an idea. Our SUV was just the right height for a truck driver to get a good look into our cab.
"In a minute I'll overtake that eighteen-wheeler up ahead. Are you going to cover up or give the driver a thrill?"
She gave me a sexy smile. "What would you like me to do?"
She knew exactly what I wanted.
"I'd love for you to show the driver your tits."
"I thought you'd say that. Good. It's too hot to cover up."
Maybe not. But I was glad she thought so.
When I reached the rear quarter of the trailer, I eased up on the gas and coasted up side by side with the truck for a long moment. Roni's displayed her tits as we rode parallel to the driver's side window.
With her blouse totally open and her knockers completely out for anyone to see, my wife laughed. "You rat. He has an unobstructed view of my boobs. And you love it."
We drove under an overpass. She made no move to cover up.
The driver grinned like a Jack-O-Lantern and gave two blasts from his air horns. Apparently he liked her tits as much as me.
Roni waved at the driver and I increased my cruising speed to eighty and slowly pulled away.
"You gave him a thrill he won't forget," I said. "He's going to be telling stories about you at every truck stop between here and Maine."
"I guess he liked what he saw."
"You bet he did. You've got beautiful tits."
Roni knows how much I enjoy it when she turns on other guys, and how I love for them to see her nude or close to it.
"Tooting his horn was very flattering," she said.
"Want to try another?"
She smiled again. "Should I lift my skirt this time?"
She's never admitted it, but I'm sure she likes exposing herself as much as I like her to show off her body.
"Ha. What guy wouldn't love to see your pussy?"
She softly punched my shoulder. "You're so bad, so perverted."
"Guilty as charged."
I pulled the same maneuver with the next big rig we found. I knew the driver would be a good choice. Someone had written SMYT on the dirty rear door of the trailer and he didn't wash it off. When we were in the correct position for him to get a good look, Roni lifted her skirt and covered her face, exposing her sweet hairy pussy.
"Oh, my God, I can't believe I'm doing this," she said.
I stayed parallel to the truck a little longer than the last time. The driver gave three blasts of his horns. Roni dropped her skirt and opened her blouse showing him her tits. The driver waved and showed her a big grin. Roni waved back and I pulled away after I answered his three honks with a couple toots of my own. I wondered if he would fire up his CB radio and tell other truckers to the north what was coming their way.
After doing the same thing with two more trucks, I pulled off the Interstate to find some lunch.
Sitting in a restaurant booth, Roni renewed her sexy smile. "I hope you remember I'm still not wearing any underwear."
"Impossible to forget. I'm having one of those four hour erections the Viagra people warn you about."
"You really get hot and bothered when I show myself off to other guys, don't you?"
Of course, she knew I did, but she likes me to tell her about it. "You know it. Gonna show the waiter your tits?"
"Like no!"
"Just asking."
She leaned forward and laid her boobs on the table. "When we're back in the car, I can take care of that erection for you."
I lowered my voice. "If you're going to give me a blow job while we're driving, I'll run off the road when I cum."
"Then let's find a rest area."
"Good idea. Will you play with my cock while we're driving?"
She kicked off her shoe and ran her toes over my ankle.
"Think I can reach your cock with my foot? You love me to rub your hard-on with my toes."
"You could pretend to lose something under the table and suck on my boner right now."
She faked a frown. "I don't think so."
"If you show the waiter your tits, I won't have to give him a tip. He might even forget to leave a check."
She kicked my shin.
"Okay, I'll settle for a handjob while we're driving and then you can get into some serious oral sex at the next rest area."
"Are you going to let a truck driver see me jerking you off?"
"It sounds like that's something you'd like to do."
"Well, I've shown off everything I've got to a few guys for you, now how about you let someone see me giving you a little pleasure? Maybe we can find a female driver who'd like to see your cock."
"Wouldn't that be nice?"
"I think I'll start showing nude pictures of you to other women."
"Okay. Then when they see me they'll know what I look like without my clothes. Maybe they'll like it and get turned on. Or you could always get a few of your friends together and ask me to strip for them. I still look pretty good with my clothes off."
"Yes you do, but they would want to have sex with you."
"So you have to come up with a plan that appeals to you that doesn't involve sex with someone else."
"I'll work on that. But for now, let's finish our lunch and look for a pretty young truck driver who'd like to see me stroking your dick."
We found three more male drivers who seemed to like a quick look at me getting a hand job, but probably would have liked seeing Roni's tits and bush a lot more. In only twenty miles we pulled into a rest area. Unfortunately, it was small and crowded and offered no opportunity for me to get a blow job without the possibility of getting reported to the highway patrol for lewd and lascivious conduct.
Back on the Interstate, we finally pulled up next to a big rig driven by a tough-looking blonde in her forties. With her seat pushed back as far as it would go, Roni made sure she leaned back far enough for the woman to see her stroking my hard cock. Roni was right. The woman seemed to like what she saw. The driver blasted her horn twice and gave us a thumbs-up and then pointed her finger toward her mouth, indicating she wanted to watch Roni suck on my dick. Happy to oblige, my wife went down on me and took the full length of my boner into her mouth. The driver hit her horns twice more.
Roni came up for air and waved to the driver and I pulled away. Too bad we didn't have a convertible; those truckers could have seen a lot more.
My wife continued to play with my boner for a few more miles and finally I couldn't take any more.
"There's an exit coming up," I said. "I've got to look for some place for you to at least give me a hand job or this erection is going to get permanently damaged by being jammed into my shorts."
Roni giggled. "You think we can find a private spot so I can take care of that big hard thing of yours?"
"Right now I wouldn't mind if you jerked me off on the pitcher's mound at Yankee Stadium."
"I think we can find someplace more romantic than that."
The exit was almost in the middle of nowhere. We saw two gas stations and a fast food joint, nothing else. I continued down the narrow winding road hoping we spotted a track into the woods before a town popped up. With luck we didn't have to go more than a mile on the rural blacktop before another abandoned fast food restaurant sat on the right side of the road.
"Looks like there's plenty of room behind this place for trucks to make deliveries. It won't be as romantic as a picturesque lake, but we can have the privacy we need."
Roni laughed at me. "With the way you're acting I doubt that we'll need more than a minute of privacy."
"You might be right. I'm about ready to burst. But I hope it takes a lot longer."
"No matter how long it takes," she said, "I'll be sure you get your money's worth, big feller."
"What the hell are waiting for?" I pulled the SUV behind the old restaurant and parked.
"Are we doing this in the car or outside?" she asked.
"Outside. I want to stand up and get all you can give."
"Good. I love to give hand jobs in the great outdoors."
Once we were standing between the SUV and the building Roni pushed her blouse back and showed me her tits. "Just in case you need a little hardening up."
A squirrel ran hopped out of the wooded area behind us, look our way and then scampered up a tree and sat there looking at us. Voyeur.
I had my pants and undershorts down around my ankles with my six and a half inches of hard cock sticking out parallel to the ground. Roni cradled my balls in her left hand and wrapped her right around my cock like she was gripping a roofing hammer.
"You are sooo hard," she said, "and I love it when you get this thick. Gives me something nice to hold on to."
She slowly stroked my dick, pushing the foreskin back and forth with every movement. She built up a beautiful, slow rhythm and kept it up for a couple minutes while I moaned with pleasure.
"Sounds like you're enjoying this," she said.
"You bet. I haven't got much left. Go a little faster."
She did and the intensity of the feeling in my groin approached the breaking point.
"Faster! Faster!" I said. "Oh, yeah. Yeah."
A came with a giant squirt that missed Roni's skirt by only inches and landed in the short weeds poking through the cracked blacktop. She pumped my cock again and I shot out another stream of spunk next to the first.
"Damn, that felt good," I said.
Just as Roni had begun wiping off my dick with a tissue, an old red pick-up pulled behind the restaurant with two teenagers inside, probably looking to do just what we finished. The driver hit the brakes and skidded a few feet. Both the driver and the girl next to him showed us eyes as wide as two white china saucers, their mouths hung open in surprise. Roni stopped wiping me and smiled. I grinned and shrugged. My cock was still about semi-hard from Roni handling it. The kids' surprised look changed to big smiles. The girl waved as the guy put his truck into reverse and backed out of the lot.
"I guess we're taking their regular spot," I said.
"I suppose we are. So, let's get you back into your pants and hit the road. Maybe they'll check back in a few minutes and he can get a little sex, too."
We spent another few hours driving in the heat with Roni trying her best to keep cool and with me satisfied for a little while. That evening in a motel in North Carolina, we spent hours in the shower and then in bed fucking and sucking in a cool air conditioned room. Sometimes disaster can be turned to your advantage.