David was hungry and irritated as he sat down at the bar. Travelling for business was a hassle. A long day of meetings that could have easily taken place as short conference calls ended fruitlessly. David's secretary had already changed his flight and booked him a hotel for the night. The only good thing about the last minute change was that there was a conference in town and all of the cheap hotels were booked. He ended up with a luxury room with a killer view of the city. A little food and a beer would certainly improve his mood. He ordered a micro-brew recommended by the bartender and a burger. David scrolled down his Facebook feed as he took a couple long pulls off the pint. He was currently regretting the fact that he was still in his suit and tie. This was supposed to be a day trip so he didn't have a change of clothes. He neared to bottom of the glass while waiting for his burger to arrive. On a very empty stomach, the strong ale had given him a nice buzz. He signaled the bartender for another pint.
The bar was pretty busy and the only unoccupied stool was directly to his left. He was considering tossing his suit coat over the empty seat when a woman came up behind him and asked if the seat was taken. With his face buried in his phone, David indicated without a glance, that the seat was in fact open. The waiter came up from behind him to deliver his burger and reached between David and the woman who had taken the seat next to him. He looked up from his phone to notice that she was a stunning brunette with long flowing hair, ruby red lips, and sparkling green eyes. She looked like she had come from work as well, dressed in a fashionable black skirt, white silk blouse, and a cropped suit jacket that matched the skirt. He did he best to keep eye contact and avoid staring at her substantial cleavage.
"How's the beer?" she asked, breaking the silence.
"It's pretty good, can I buy you one?" he asked, oblivious to the glass of red wine that had just been set in front of her.
"No thanks," she said gesturing to her full glass. "But I'll try a sip of yours if you don't mind."
David slid the glass towards the attractive business woman, "be my guest. I'm David, by the way."
"I'm Harper," she said as she picked up the pint. She took a sip and set the glass down leaving her striking red lipstick imprinted on the glass. "Oh sorry about that," she said as she went to wipe it away with her napkin.
"Don't worry about it," David said. "A little lipstick never hurt anything."
"Unless your wife sees it," she replied. "Is that what your wife would say?" she quipped as she rested her eyes on the gold band on his finger.
"It doesn't matter what she says, we've separated and she moved out."
Harper doubted he was telling the truth, but he was really hot. His hair was fantastic and he had a kind smile and dreamy eyes. His strong jaw and square shoulders completed the package. Besides that, she loved a man in a well-tailored suit. "Right..." she said.
David unlocked his phone and clicked to open his Facebook profile. Under marital status it said, "It's complicated."
Harper considered the fact that maybe he was telling the truth. Maybe she could overlook the whole thing, she thought.
"Engaged or married," he asked looking at the diamond solitaire on her long smooth fingers. "It's complicated," she laughed.
"Right." Harper took large swig of wine from her glass. Her black high heel dangled at the end of her left foot. "Engaged... to a great woman," she said.
"Congratulations," he struggled to find the right amount of enthusiasm.Great, there goes that opportunity.Harper and David flirted as they ate and drank together. David has loosened his tie and had taken off his jacket. Harper got lost in his eyes. The alcohol relaxed her and she let David know that even though she was engaged to a woman, she was free to date men on occasion, as it would be an open marriage. As long as she told her partner the truth, every once in a while she would sleep with a man. She didn't let on, but she really enjoyed cock.
David got up the nerve to invite Harper back to his room. "It has an amazing view of the city, you should really come up and see it."
Harper agreed knowing full well that they both had other thoughts on their minds. "I'd love to."
David and Harper's flirting escalated as the finished their drinks. David was more than curious about Harper's bisexuality and open relationship. She hadn't been this attracted to a man in a very long time. In the elevator, on the way up to David's top floor hotel room, he pulled Harper in for a kiss. Her red lips were much softer than he expected as his tongue met hers. There were sparks immediately and Harper, who usually took the aggressor's role, allowed herself to be seduced by this delicious man. He pulled her close with his hand in the small of her back. His strong hands on her body felt so good. She wanted to be fucked hard by this man tonight.
The elevator opened and she pulled away. He led her down the hall by the hand and opened the door to his room. This was no standard hotel room. The hotel was high end and the room was spacious and tastefully decorated.
"You promised me an amazing view," Harper said.
David opened the blinds to reveal wall to wall glass overlooking the city's lights. The sky was clear and the view of the other tall buildings and landmarks was breathtaking. He felt his heart race as he stood directly behind Harper, his body pressed to hers as she took in the view. He leaned over and kissed her neck. Her hair smelled amazing. The kiss send a tingle down her neck and all the way to her thighs. She turned to face him and gazed into those eyes that made her weak. She reached up, loosened his tie, and unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt.
His hands were on her again. He took off her coat and pulled her close. Her large soft breasts pressed against his strong chest. David was almost eight inches taller than Harper and that was with her high heels on. The sensation of her back pressed against the cold window with his warm chest against her, made her nipples stiffen. Their lips danced with tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths. She caught his tongue between her lips briefly taking it hostage. She began to gently suck on it taking it in and out of her mouth. David's cock stiffened in his pants and she felt it against her body. Was it just her imagination, or was it really big? David reached for her blouse buttons. Harper grabbed his hand and stopped him. "Wait," she said. "I need to use my phone."
The interruption was unexpected. "Of course," David said, "Whatever you need to do."
"I have to call my fiancée. Our agreement is that I can be with a man, but she needs to know ahead of time. Don't worry, she'll be okay with it," she said.
"Sure," he said. "Go ahead." David sat down in the big chair near the window as Harper took her phone from her purse.
She sent off a text message to Melissa telling her about the guy she met and asking for her blessing. She stood in front of David as she waited for the reply. She gave him her most sultry look as she unbuttoned the top two buttons of her blouse revealing a white lace shelf bra that barely contained her soft breasts. Just then her phone buzzed. Harper checked her message and typed a reply. She leaned over in front of David giving him a good look down her top before kissing him again. Her phone buzzed again. She looked at the screen and then back to David as she typed another reply. "Well David," she said with a little reluctance, "there's an unexpected catch."
"What's that?"
"She's never asked me this before, but she doesn't want to feel left out."
"Okay," he said with his curiosity piqued.
"Well, she wants to watch - on Skype," Harper continued.
That was totally unexpected. David never been much of an exhibitionist, but then again nobody had ever asked to watch. He certainly wasn't going to let this prevent him from having sex with this very beautiful woman tonight. "Sure," he said, "that sounds hot. I've never done anything like that before."
Trying to contain her smile, Harper texted Melissa to tell her that David had agreed to let her watch them on Skype. Melissa responded that she was excited to see this guy fuck her, especially if he was as hot as she said he was. Harper pulled her tablet pc from her purse and set it up on the dresser facing the bed. She turned to David with a wicked grin, "let's really give her a good show."
David agreed and Harper connected the Skype call. The screen came up with a box mirroring the hotel room that they were in, however the box that would be showing Melissa's side, was blank. "Can you see us?" Harper said a little louder than normal.
A woman's voice replied from the tablet's speakers. "I see you babe," she said. "Now where is this sexy man that I am sharing you with?"
David came up from behind Harper and looked into the camera. "Hi," he said with a smile and a wave.
"You're right," Melissa said, "his eyes are dreamy. I see why you want to fuck him." She giggled. "Go ahead David. I want to see how you kiss her."
The other woman's voice in the background urging him to kiss Harper turned out to be a huge turn-on. David pulled Harper to him as they stood at the foot of the bed. The two embraced passionately for several minutes. As they kissed, Harper removed his tie and unbuttoned his shirt. He returned the favor tossing her blouse to the side. Her hands ran through the soft hair on his sexy chest. David cupped her breasts in his hands giving them a firm squeeze."They're really nice aren't they David?" Melissa's voice asked.
"One of her many great features," he replied. It seemed a little strange to David to be having this conversation as he reached around to unhook Harper's bra. With one hand he released the clasp as the other pulled it forward off her shoulders. Harper's nipples stood out firmly from her half-dollar sized dark pink areolas. David leaned down and gave each of them a little lick before coming back up to her mouth. He left them wet, and ran the tips of his index fingers around each nipple, as he kissed her again. She inhaled sharply from the sensation and exhaled with a quiet purr.
David picked her up and tossed her sideways on the bed in order to give Melissa a good view. He leaned over and got on top of her. His warm mouth kissed her neck as he inhaled her fragrant shampoo again. She tilted her head to offer better access. His mouth worked from her neck to her ear and then down to her shoulder as his hands explored her chest.
Melissa's voice came from the computer again, "she loves extra attention payed to her nipples," she said, encouraging him to keep going.
"How are you enjoying the show?" he replied.
"It's, um... stimulating," she responded, grinning to herself.
"I love you babe," Harper told Melissa.
"Love you too. Have fun."
David found himself looking up at the computer when responding to Melissa at first, even though there was no image coming through, only her sensual, syrupy voice.
"Does she like her nipples bitten?" he asked.
"She likes a great many things, why don't you try and find out for yourself? We're very open-minded girls," Melissa said.
"I can tell," he said with a grin before re-focusing his attention on Harper's firm pink nipples.
He worked her left breast with his hand and closed his mouth over her right nipple and areola. His mouth was greedy for her flesh and he flicked his tongue back and forth across her nipple as his lips encircled as much of her big boob as he could take. He dragged his teeth as he brought them together on her nipple and gave it a gentle bite. Harper responded by putting her hands behind his head and pulling him to her with encouragement. He bit down a little harder and tugged.
"Oh yes," she said in a breathy voice.
David used his teeth to roll her nipple back and forth before giving it another little bite. It stiffened even more in his mouth. He left it wet and grabbed it between his thumb and forefinger as his mouth switched to the other side. He stroked it from the edge of the areola to the tip of her nipple, repeatedly, soft tugging motion. His mouth was sucking away at her other breast and she let out a groan of pleasure. They lay chest to chest on the bed and embraced again. Her hard, wet nipples felt fantastic against his skin. She grabbed his ass through his suit pants. It felt firm and toned. She reached between his legs and found his cock throbbing in his pants.
"I want to suck it," she whispered in his ear. "I want to take your big hard cock down my throat."
He rolled on his back and she swiftly climbed on top, sitting on his legs. She unhooked his belt and pull it from his pants tossing it aside on the bed.
"Keep track of that. You might find a good use for it later," Melissa's voice said from the computer. David had almost forgotten that she was watching.
"Sounds like good advice," he said.
Harper pulled his pants down to his knees and began to rub his cock through his dark blue underwear. It was already hard and as she rubbed it a wet spot began to form near his tip. "You're very excited, aren't you?" she said with a giddy tone.
"How can you tell?" he laughed.
Harper slid down and pulled off his shoes and socks before sliding his pants all the way off. David lay completely naked in the bed with his hard thick cock pointing up. She teased it at first with a gentle stroke with her open hand from base to tip. It throbbed at her touch and he strained to push against her hand harder, but she kept the touch very light. She repeated this for a few strokes until a glistening drop of pre-cum appeared at the tip. "That's what I wanted!" she exclaimed as she squeezed the drop of clear liquid from his cock head and brought it to her lips. "Mmm," she purred. "Give me more!" She wrapped her hand around David's cock and began to stroke it.
Melissa had never seen Harper with a man before. The closest they'd gotten was watching straight porn from time to time. Harper was very much in love with Melissa, but it was clear that she also enjoyed what only a man could offer.
"Suck him baby," Melissa encouraged from the distance.
Harper was all over the request. She put the leaking head of David's cock to her lips and rubbed it around. Another drop of pre-cum appeared and she rubbed it like lips gloss across her puckered lips. She wrapped her hand around the long shaft and took the head into her mouth. Up and down she worked him deeper and deeper as she mouth lubricated the shaft. "Mmm, fuck yeah," was all he could manage. Harper took the encouragement and forced his cock deeper until it hit the back of her throat.
"You're so big," she said as she came up for air. She was determined to take the whole thing in. She spat on it and gave it another stroke. More pre-cum leaked from his engorged dick. Harper loved the slippery feeling of it and pushed it deep into her throat using the pre-cum as lube to push deeper. At last her lips met the base of his mighty shaft and she looked up and him with a grin of achievement. Her eyes met his gaze. She paused with this stranger's cock stuffed down her throat. With their eyes looking right into one another's, Harper stuck out her tongue and licked the base of David's shaft and his balls.
"Fuuuck!" he moaned.
Harper slid the juicy cock out of her mouth as she looked him in the eye. "Fuck it David. Fuck my throat."
"I love when you talk dirty," Melissa said to her fiance.
David lined himself up to make sure that Melissa would get a good look at his hard cock going down Harper's throat. He put his big hands on the sides of her head and eased himself back inside. He paused as the tip of his cock hit the back of Harper's throat.
"Keep going," Melissa encouraged, wishing for the first time that she could feel the pleasure her fiancé was giving this man. She imagined having a cock of her own to fuck Harper with. Sure they had a strap-on, but you didn't get anything out of having someone suck your plastic cock. "Fuck that pretty face."
Harper pushed herself down on the cock until it was all the way in her throat again. It must be almost eight inches she thought. As David held her head in his hands, he began to slowly thrust in and out of her. Harper though about how good this cock was going to feel in her pussy which was already quite wet. As David continued to fill her mouth with his dick, Harper played with her breasts. She figured David would enjoy it and she knew that Melissa would for sure. Melissa was definitely a boob girl.
David felt his cock grow thicker and his orgasm approached. There was no hurry to cum, he wanted to take his time. He pulled out of her mouth and put finger under her chin. He brought her face up to his and kissed her long and deep. Everything she was tasting was now his to experience as well. He wanted more. Harper was still dressed from the waist down. He laid her back on the bed in her skirt, black lace top thigh-highs and heels. He hiked her skirt up to her belly button and slid her panties off. The smell of her aroused pussy filled his nose and he eagerly spread her legs. Her lips were bald and pink. He spread them with his fingers and gave her a slow lick from the very bottom of her wet slit to the top of her clit. She shuddered. David clearly knew his way around a pussy and was going to be sure to make sure that Harper knew that. He licked her from bottom to top, taking in her sweet stickiness. His hands reached underneath her ass and squeezed her cheeks as he worked his magic. As her arousal grew and her clit became more pronounced, David focused his attention on it. He kissed it, licked it, and gently sucked it in his mouth. It grew hard with pleasure and David flicked it with his tongue and sucked it like it was a nipple. As he licked her clit, Harper's breathing grew deeper.
"Oh God! Your tongue feels so good," she said.
David decided to turn up the heat. As he licked circles around her clit, he slid a finger up and down her wetness until it slipped easily inside her. He probed softly as his mouth continued its dance on her clit. A second finger entered her dripping cunt and pressed back against the mouth on her clit. Her hands ran through his stunning hair as her heart rate increased. "Fuck David," she said. "Eat that fucking pussy."
David fucked her with his fingers, faster and harder now as her words told him that he was doing a good job. He curved his fingers up and found the soft patch of her g-spot which he began to softly rub instead of thrusting inside her. As he hit the spot, she gasped and her back arched. He figured that since she was marrying a woman, she wouldn't object to the taste of pussy. He continued his rhythmic work on her g-spot as he brought his face up to hers for a kiss.
"Mmm," she said. "My pussy tastes so good." She kissed him deeply and then pushed his head down to her boobs. David happily began sucking on her nipple as he switched from focusing on rubbing her g-spot to working his thumb on her clit while moving two fingers in and out of her soaked cunt.
Harper moved her attention from David to the camera on her pc. "Goddamn, Melissa. He eats pussy like a lesbian," she said with a laugh. "That's a compliment," she told David. "You sure know your way around a pussy."
"I love pussy," he said.
"And it shows," she said before staring back at the computer. She was making an effort to give Melissa the same eye contact as she'd given David while deep throating his thick cock. David continued the balancing act between fingering Harper's pussy and sucking her boobs.
"Show him your trick," Melissa said. Harper grabbed the breast that was unoccupied and pulled it up to her mouth. She bent her chin down and began sucking her own nipple as David sucked the other.
"Holy shit!" he said.
"Keep sucking," she implored him feeling that her orgasm was upon her.
David went back to sucking Harper's nipple while he watched her suck on the other one. His fingers worked her pussy and his thumb made circles over her clit. He felt her begin to tighten around his fingers. The sensation of both nipples being sucked drove Harper over the edge and she began to cum. She threw her head back moaning with delight. David moved his mouth down to her clit and worked it with his mouth as he fingered her.
Her hips bucked as she fucked his fingers. Pussy juice dripped all down her ass as she became a wet mess. She grabbed his arm and gave him an intense look. "Give me what only a man can give me," she implored him with animalistic lust.
David didn't need to be told twice. His cock was standing at attention and he was ready to fuck this hot woman. He flipped her onto her knees, lifted her skirt and pressed the head of his cock against her quivering hole. Her orgasm was still fleeting as he entered her. The pop of the head pushing inside made her gasp. He pushed a little deeper. She was soaking wet. He slid out and run the head of his cock up and down her slit, teasing her hungry cunt hole. She pushed back against him, trying to take his cock inside. He slapped her round ass with his cock. "Bad girl," he said with a laugh. "You'll get the cock when I'm ready to give it to you."
"Please David, I need your hard cock inside me," she pleaded.
"Yes, fill her with your big dick," Melissa chimed in.
It was more than David could take. He pushed inside again and within three strokes he was balls deep inside Harper. Her cunt was warm and tight on his cock. Her second orgasm came right away as David began thrusting deep inside her. He felt her cunt grow slicker and it pulsated as it squeezed him. Her orgasm peaked and she nearly pushed him out of her with the force of her pleasure.
"Oh," she shouted, "Fuck me baby! Fill me with that big fucking cock of yours. Pound my tiny little hole." She looked back to the camera showing Melissa every lustful deed and winked. Melissa giggled.
"Fuck Harper, you're going to make me explode!" he moaned.
"Not in my pussy baby. I don't get cock very often. I want to taste every drop."
"Oh I'm so fucking close," he said as his thrusts became more desperate.
Harper turned around quickly and grabbed David's juicy cock. She put the head in her mouth and began to stroke the slippery shaft. Her eager tongue flicked back and forth under the head on the most sensitive part and David knew it wouldn't be long. The beautiful taste of his pre-cum and her own orgasmic fluids mixed in Harper's mouth. Her hands were both slick as they slid up and down his lubed shaft. His cock swelled as the orgasm began. He throbbed and spurted hot, white cum into Harper's willing mouth. She opened her mouth and continued to pump his dick. A couple burst shot up on her cheeks and she grinned as cum poured out of her mouth and all over her big tits.
"Fuck, keep going," he moaned.
She obliged and started taking his cock all the way down her throat. It was really difficult now as thick and swollen as it was. The final waves of pleasure left his cock for the back of her throat which she happily swallowed.
"That was really intense," Melissa said from the computer speakers.
"You're telling me?" replied David as he flopped down on his back breathing hard.
Harper straddled him just above his cock. "Did you like that?" she asked rhetorically. He nodded. Harper's cheeks, lips, and boobs were coated in the biggest load David had ever shot. She leaned over to give him a kiss. He hesitated and then thought, what the fuck? Her cum covered face met his, he could taste her pussy and his cum on her tongue as the embraced. He ran his hands over her tits and smeared cum all over them. They felt so nice and slippery.
"You two should make porn," Melissa said. "I really enjoyed that."
David's cock was spent for the moment. And he laid flat on his back and closed his eyes, enjoying the afterglow of his orgasm. Harper excused herself to go clean up a little. She came back from the bathroom couple minutes later to find him asleep.
"Are you still there Mel?" she asked.
"I'm here."
"Thanks sweetheart. Thanks for letting me do that."
"Of course. I love you and I know this is part of who you are," Melissa said. "And I know that you're coming back to me tomorrow and we're going to have an even hotter time."
"We are?" Harper grinned. "Like what?"
"Well you have me a show... I'd like to return the favor."
"Really," Harper grinned to herself.
The screen flickered and Melissa appeared in the big box while the image of the room Harper and David were in minimized to the corner. Melissa was wearing an oversized night shirt and panties sitting in her chair in front of the computer. She spread her legs apart to show Harper the sexy pink panties she was wearing.
"Are those new?" Harper asked.
"Yes and they're soaked from your little performance."
"You know what I like to do with your soaked panties?" Harper asked Melissa.
"Yes," she blushed.
"You like to shove them in my mouth and tell me I'm a dirty girl."
"Well then," Harper prompted.
Melissa stood up from her chair, turned around to show off the back of the g-string, and slipped them down. She bent over to give Harper a good view of her pussy. She reached between her legs and ran a finger along her slit. Then she turned around and sucked her finger clean while giving Harper her sexiest look. She sat down in her chair and put the wet pink g-string into her mouth.
"That's my good girl," Harper said. "Show me how turned on you are."
Melissa did as she was told. She spread her legs as the camera focused on her aroused pussy. She took her finger tips and wet them with her own juices before rubbing them around her clit. She'd masturbated in front of Harper before, but never long distance like this. And certainly not with a man in the room.
"Yeah sweetie, just like that. I wish I could do that for you right now." Harper watched her fiancée fingering herself in just a t-shirt with her new panties still in her mouth. "You can take them out of your mouth now. Take off your shirt for me."
Melissa followed the directions. She dropped the panties to the floor and lifted her shirt off. Her body was tanned with stark lines separating the areas her string bikini usually covered from the areas that soaked up the rays. Her breasts were small and firm.
"Punch your nipples for me. Roll them between your fingers and tug them like I would if I was there," Harper commanded.
"You'd tie me up first, wouldn't you?"
"If you deserved it," Harper teased.
Melissa giggled and began to work her nipples as instructed. Harper loved being in control of Melissa as much as she loved giving up control to a man from time to time. As she watched, Harper's hands began to rub her inner thighs and worked inwards. Her pussy begged to be touched as she told Melissa to do just that. The two women admired each other's form as they masturbated for each other.
"Stick your fingers in, Melissa, and fuck yourself the way he fucked me," Harper said.
Melissa complied with Harper's command. She slid her fingers deep inside herself and began to work them in and out as her smooth pussy lips began to glisten. Her other hand twisted and tugged on her right nipple. It ached so good. She did the other, harder this time as she continued to work her dripping wet cunt.
Harper found herself rubbing some saliva around on her clit with her finger tips as she watched. She stuck first one finger and then another into herself. She was already soaking wet from the clitoral rubbing and her fingers glided like silk in and out of her freshly fucked pussy. She brought her fingers to her mouth and licked the sexual juices from them. She began to fuck herself with her fingers again as she stared at the screen with Melissa watching her. A primal groan escaped Harper's lips as she evaded an orgasm, preferring to ride the edge for now.
The sound awoke David who watched silently without giving any indication that he was up. He watched as the two lovers showed off for each other, uninhibited and unaware of David in the moment.
Harper ran her fingers up and down her swollen wet lips. They were pink and full of heat. Her orgasm had subsided for the moment - she'd held it off. "I wish you were here to lick me over the edge," she told Melissa "So I can cum for you and then you can give me a wet kiss," said Harper.
That sent Melissa over the edge. Her orgasm was noisy and repetitive. "Oh god, oh yes, oh fuck yes," and then she'd repeat in some other order. She shuddered in her chair in front of the computer. The intensity of her orgasm got David back to rock hard as he sat up and put his arm around Harper. "Hi, uh sorry. I uh..."
"Don't worry about it," she said. "I see you've been awake for a moment or two. How long were you watching?"
"I only just woke up a minute ago when Melissa came," he said.
She looked down at his hard cock. "Well I didn't cum yet," she grinned.
David lifted Harper's legs in the air and pushed them towards her shoulders. She was pinned. She loved the feeling of giving up control. She was clearly Dom in her relationship, but this was different. This was a big strong man with a nice cock. He took his erect dick and began to slap the head of it on her clit. He pushed inside. The initial pop always has such a great feel to it. Harper lay on her back, legs pressed to her large chest, unable to do anything other than ride his encore performance. He filled and stretched her with every thrust. Melissa watched from the vantage point of her chair a hundred miles away. She remained very aroused and continued to slowly play with her breasts and pussy.
Harper wanted to spices things up. "David," she said trying to catch her breath from the pounding her wet cunt was taking.
"What?" he nearly grunted as his slick cock went back and forth.
"Are you into any kinky stuff?"
David, seven inches inside her froze. "Let's just say that I've never really been one to say 'no'," he said. "What did you have in mind?"
"Let me up for a second." He throbbed inside her as she slid off. Harper went to her purse and pulled out a travel size bottle that looked like sanitizer, but it was lube. She also had a small purple battery operated toy. "I want to be filled in both holes," she told him.
"With pleasure you sexy fucking slut," he said.
"Yes, I am your slut right now and I want my holes filled by you." Harper got on her hands and knees as Melissa watched David work the purple vibe on Harper's clit. As she became more and more aroused, he pushed it in inside her warm, wet cunt and let it slowly do it's magic. David picked up the bottle of lube. First he poured a dew drops right at the top of Harper's ass crack. It ran slowly down while he poured an ample amount along the top of his dick. The tip of his lust-filled penis pressed firmly, but gently against her moistened ass. With a push, he popped in and Harper was full. Her pussy rode the toy vibrating inside it, as he worked inch by inch, deeper and deeper. Almost halfway in, Harper felt like it was too big. She couldn't take this all. But it was slippery and so perfectly shaped for its task that it worked right in until his balls we against her pussy, slapping it with each thrust. Several minutes passed like this with grunts and groans the only communication. David looked up and saw Melissa watching Harper's treatment.
"You sure know how to treat her right," Melissa told him. "That's the main reason I am okay with this situation." Her grin turned wicked. "I want you to do me a favor and fuck her hard. Fuck her until she can't fuck anymore. It's her turn to be on the other end of that," she laughed.
Harper turned to Melissa. "You are going to be in big trouble when I see you missy. You'll pay for that remark." She grinned widely imaging what she might do to Melissa after binding her and blindfolding her tomorrow.
David was getting close but there was no way that he was going to let it end so soon. He pulled the toy from her sopping cunt and turned it off before offering it to her lips. She readily accepted it, licking her taste from it. His cock was out of her as well as he wiped it with a towel and then feminine wipes from her purse.
Melissa decided to give the final instructions. "I want you to fuck her cunt until you're about to come and then I want to watch her take your cum all over. It makes her look so... sub."
"That's it. Your ass is going to be so red tomorrow night that you will sleep on your stomach and want to stand at work in the morning," Harper told Melissa.
"Yes Miss Harper," she replied.
Harper sat with her ass on the edge of the desk. They moved the tablet pc so that Melissa could get a front row seat. David fucked her fast and hard like an animal. He spanked her across the tits without warning from time to time. He bit her lip. Hard. He squeezed her limbs with an animalistic urgency. Harper felt herself getting wetter and her next orgasm was inevitable. The release came in waves, soft at first and slowly growing before he suddenly pulled out and began to smack her pussy with his open hand while he stroked over her face. As he smacked her clit she went over the edge. Her body shuddered as she lost all control. Liquid erupted from her swollen cunt. He furiously rubbed it around. And she began having multiple orgasms one right after the other. She reached up and took control of his cock with both hands. Goddamnit she needed a mouth full of cum RIGHT NOW! She shook and shuddered gasping in pleasure, riding wave after wave. His cock was now leaking pre-cum in a slow steady line to her open mouth. She moved her face in a small circle to get her lips coated in his drippings before leaning up and stealing a kiss. Their wet mouths passed wicked flavors back and forth and David began to cum. She quickly brought it to her face and stroked most of it into her hungry mouth and swallowing it. David leaned in and licked the remnants from her cheeks and boobs and fed it to her. She sucked the sticky white stuff right off his mouth and swallowed it as well. He pulled his fingers from her fading orgasm and stuffed them in her mouth. She relished in the flavor as she cleaned his fingers with her tongue and lips. The two lay, exhausted unaware that Melissa had also cum shortly after Harper.
Harper turned to Melissa, "I love you. Thank you babe."
"You're welcome," I see why you like it. He was a lot of fun. Melissa said.
"Thanks for sharing her with me tonight. It was an honor," he said to tablet.
"Our pleasure," she replied.
Harper clicked off the connection and gave him a wink. "Give me your phone," she said.
"What for?"
"Just give me your phone, and unlock it," Harper instructed.
David put in his code and unlocked the phone, handing it to the naked woman he'd just fucked in every way he could. What was she going to do? Harper went to 'new text message' and sent one word to a phone number that she entered. Her phone lit up on the table from a phone number that wasn't in her contacts. There was a single word on the screen below the sender's phone number. It read, "Harper." Let me know the next time you're going to be in town David," she said.