The Good Ship Bison
Copyright July 2023 by Fit529 Dotcom
Started 5/1/2022 Last Edit: 7/21/2023
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Disclaimers: While some people in this story are high school seniors, ALL PERSONS ARE OVER 18, since the ship has a priority to keep everything legal and proper, to protect those onboard. No force is used on anyone, that's repugnant. While some mind control aspects are described, it's the feel-good kind, the ship protecting itself from bad-guys, promoting the 'general well-being'.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I'm not going to describe how I came to own a spaceship since that's still something I want to keep to myself. I will say it was a combination of demonstrating good ethics on my part, the kindness of a non-human, and a heaping dose of good luck.
The start of my story comes in February of 2022, and if the events here don't match your memory of history, well, as best I can tell from my limited multiverse theory and the Immortal Abiding Lebowski, "Yeah? Well, you know, that's just like uh, your opinion, man."
I was a high school senior at Valley High in Modesto, California, making pretty good grades despite being very mildly autistic in an Asperger's way, a fair amount of ADHD, and a huge case of being horny.
But, running cross country and track, playing french horn in band, and singing bass in advanced chorus all helped me keep my mind off what I wasn't doing but wanted to.
Oh, and I had a girlfriend at the time, Alice. She ran track with me, was fun to hang around with, and as I noted in my journal at the time, she was better looking than I was. I'm not going to say I was an 'average guy', since I'm convinced that's both not true of me or really true of anyone. I was lucky to have found Alice, and her me, so I did feel pretty lucky on that front.
I'm not saying either of us were shy wallflowers, but she was definitely the more so. That shyness was definite in the physical stuff, with me. I noticed things - she was pretty outgoing with friends but restrained in groups, like me.
In terms of overall compatibility, liking to do the same things, watch the same shows, that kind of thing. We didn't overlap about everything, but we had enough in common to enjoy each other at least... most of the time.
We'd been 'going out' for over a year, but we'd only done "it" a couple of times, maybe ten, since the late summer when we both had our 18th birthdays and all the celebrations that went with that.
In the months since, it'd been really sporadic, and mostly confined to an occasional BJ. Despite my stated willingness to be equally helpful on her, she was shy that way - and I think pretty shy/nervous in general about nudity. We were adults, but it didn't matter, she was pretty uptight.
I wanted more, FAR more, with her, but I just had to be patient. And, I was.
But, I did put my foot in my mouth. And I tried to hard - I didn't know when she wanted to drop a topic for a reason, mostly because she didn't tell me, and I was profoundly clueless about some kinds of relationship stuff.
This was understandable - I was new at it.
In retrospect, one over-trying thing was trying to reassure her about being beautiful. I think she saw it as either trying to get into her pants (okay, partially was) and thus I was lying (I wasn't), or that she really was bad looking somehow and I was protesting too much.
Alice had NO problems about being pretty. She was nicely shaped (big) on top, a lot more there than I needed, but hey, I figured you get what you get with no choices, and maybe if I told her it was beautiful she wouldn't be embarrassed... or something.
I couldn't displace her worries. She would sometimes start out interested and enthusiastic, but then I think she started thinking too much about her own insecurities and that would kill the mood.
Our joinings were really infrequent, mostly 'special occasions' she decided were worth it.
Granted, at that point I wasn't the most mature guy, either.
I had friends, but I liked science stuff and geeked out over anime and fusion power and all sorts of science stuff that had pretty much nothing to do with sports.
So, yeah, I wasn't exactly normal, but I was in the range of normal in a geeky way. Given that so much has been written about me in historical contexts, I hesitate to disagree with them, but I'm pretty sure I knew who I was since it was my life I was living.
== Takeoff ==
My life story really started to get interesting, and far more public, on that infamous late February day.
This was at least several days after I got the ship (yes, purposeful vagueness. Not going to reveal why) and I'd already been onboard as the owner. At this point, I'd been introduced already to the artificial intelligence that runs the ship. He/She had to have a name, I had firmly decided, so I chose an ambiguously gendered name, 'Pat'.
Originally, "PAT" came from the fact that I had to pat the door-handle, and the console sensor, etc., to turn anything on. No other human on Earth can operate any part of the ship, according to Pat, so I don't have to worry about someone stealing it.
The downside was a limitation of having to be onboard most of the time. That's been, well, most of my life, and will be, probably. I could be resentful, but it isn't so bad in the larger context of what I can do for humanity, as well as my 'cage' being about the size of a 7-story cube-shaped office building (though the ship has 4 levels)
At that point, in those first days, I only knew the ship was clad in metal but with some kind of display-surface so it can disguise or camouflage itself.
The camouflage came in handy because after that initial set of visits, I parked on top of a wine vineyard and it crushed the grape vines.
I apologized for that later, of course.
So, that first flight?
How do you describe the perspective of your entire planet changing in a few minutes?
I was at school, 10:15 am in my English literature class, and I heard Pat's voice in my head.
She said, "Attention, people are very nearby and inspecting the ship. Shields are up. Coming to you now for safety. Where to land?"
This was early on. Crucially, I didn't know it was possible to say No to Pat.
Instead of 'no', I kind of panicked.
Out loud, though whispering loudly because I didn't know how to talk with her in my head yet, "Uh... Please don't crush any valuable things, if you can. Football fields, I think?"
My brain was in two places. Inside, talking with Pat. Outside, I was struck with how odd this probably sounded to Frannie, Mads, Benny, Dana and Ken, the people sitting next to me. They looked up at me, since we were supposed to be talking about The Great Gatsby.
Frannie asked, "Huh?"
I knew at that point, seeing in my head the undeniable fact that in a few minutes, my giant spaceship was about to float over to my high school, that class would soon be 'out'. I'd known this moment might come, but didn't expect it so soon - I definitely wanted some time getting used to the ship before I went public. This would be VERY public. I felt pressured and panicked, but I had to make good decisions and in retrospect I did okay, I think.
The first thing to do, really, was to say 'goodbye', sort-of.
Mads had been talking about some crap, and I just interrupted, "Mads, guys..."
Changing my mind, I realized I'd better tell the whole class.
I stood up to interrupt everyone.
Very loudly (I could yell at teammates in cross country, across fields), "Ms. Pomeroy?! Everyone? Attention, please?"
Everyone stopped talking and looked at me.
"Uh... I had something happen recently? And, I kind of... Uh... There's gonna be a big disruption pretty soon when my ride gets here, and I don't want you all to freak out, so, don't panic, okay? I kind of have a ... a spaceship, and yeah, it sounds crazy, but yeah, got this thing coming, it's gonna land on the south fields like in... about 2 minutes. Your..."
Ms. Pomeroy interrupted, "Kevin, this is not funny. I don't like people making threats in my class."
I waved my hands no, crossing open-palms towards her, "NO, no, no, not threatening, at all. Just... don't freak out. I gotta go now, but..." I looked down at Madison and Dana right next to me, "Can I call you later? I think I'll still have cell service."
Bear in mind I'd been going to school with both of them since second grade, and they knew I was a little off (as a geek) anyway, but we liked each other well enough, I guessed.
Madison said, "Okay? Before 9, I go to sleep early."
Dana said, "Sure, yeah? Uh, why?"
"Might need some stuff from my house, and my mom never knows what I'm talking about...Oh, gotta go."
My mind's eye flashes of images were of the school from high overhead and it was coming down.
I shoved my stuff in my backpack and headed for the door. "Mrs. Pomeroy..." I held out my hand to shake hers, "Please tell everyone I'm sorry for the disruption, but... I might be the pilot but I'm not quite sure how the timing and stuff works yet. Might wanna get everyone to a south-facing window, fast, it'll be REALLY cool!"
She and everyone started to object, but I pulled on both backpack straps - easier to run - and took off down the hall, down the wide stairs, and out the door to the back of the building.
The emergency fire alarms were just going off as I ran out, since the ship was descending on the mostly-empty fields to the south of the school. It was lightly raining, so there weren't any gym classes out that day, or I'd have had to come up with another location.
The ship's mirror-finish appearance mode was on, so I spoke out loud and said, "Pat, can we change the outside to a mottled off-white so it looks more like concrete? Slowly, so it's not a blink-change, okay?"
Path's voice said, "Done."
The ship's appearance did change, and yes, it did look a lot like concrete, even though it wasn't.
I was jogging towards it, and the school security guards came running out behind me and yelling at me to watch out and stop and it might be dangerous.
I said, "Pat, I need a small force field around me so no one can drag me off, is that possible?"
"Yes, it is. Please confirm, this might make you float, or excavate the ground."
"Then, no, but if someone tries to stop me, can you put a barrier between us without hurting them?"
"Yes. No one is doing so, however." I could see through Pat's cameras that much of the school was crowded next to the windows looking out. Some had exited the building and Pat's cameras showed them running away down the street at a fast sprint.
I was pretty sure I could identify with running away from giant alien spaceships.
My spaceship was nice, though, and I knew what was going on.
Behind me, there was a lot of yelling from the windows, so I turned around and waved. I had to stop for a minute, and stare at the surreal aspect of it all. This place I'd been my whole life, my entire existence, was about to totally change.
Sure, it had changed before that day, but not publicly, so I could technically have gone 'back' to my life-before.
With this landing, though, I was committed. Having it happen sooner than I expected kind of peeved me, but my mindset then was kind of being both in lottery-winner AND victim mode. As I stood there, I realized I was thinking like that, and decided I wasn't going to be a victim. I wasn't being 'outed', I was stepping up and taking responsibility for something absolutely huge.
It was a huge thing happening to humanity, really. And I was Right In the Middle.
The time crept up on me, and I turned around to face the ship, walking up to the wall of it, to the door that automatically opened for me as I got there.
I still didn't have a name for it. Pat had told me the original 'name' as a set of chirps in fast chords, and there was NO way I could pronounce that!
Our high school's mascot was the Bisons. The ship filled the football field, completely covering the giant 'Bisons!' logo. Right there, in need of a name, I decided the name of the ship should be the Bison.
Under pressure - it's not a time to be creative.
The wide cargo door pulled up, opening in front of me. I walked in, knowing there was history to the moment, on video and worldwide in short order. As it shut behind me, I had to wonder how the sight of that, too, would be interpreted.
Outside, fire trucks were starting to roll up, and police cars, too, probably had seen the ship coming down from when it was high up in the air.
I went up the stairs slowly, knowing that things were happening outside, and that this was one of the most consequential days of my life.
The 'bridge' was on the top floor. I called it that because science fiction stories (and TV shows) used that name as the 'control room', more often than 'cockpit' at least.
Putting my hand on the console's sensor, I felt the jolt of starting to know everything that the ship knew, at least while my hand was connected. There was SO much to know, though, that I just patted the sensor, I didn't want to hold it there too long. Every time I did, I wondered whether my head would explode, but I was gaining confidence.
Like I said, I didn't know very much to start out with this thing.
There was no chair there, I was just standing in front of the back console, switching where I was looking since there was a forward viewscreen, too.
This place Definitely needed more chairs, I thought.
They would have to wait.
"Take off plan - let's go slowly, 10 kph, vertical, to about 100 meters? Then stop, I gotta figure out what to do next. Is that good?"
"Yes."
"Execute."
I felt like a grown-up sea captain, talking with Pat that way.
Of course I had a choice - I could have sat in the Captain's Chair (center of the room, with its own console) and moved the control yoke around, too. Telling Pat made more sense, given that when I'd previously tried that yoke and pedals the movements were pretty jerky.
Reconsidering, I moved over and sat down, feeling the cushions close around me slightly, not enclosing, but holding firmly. The yoke was in front, so I tried moving it around, just to try them out some more.
Pat didn't say anything, so I changed our direction slightly by moving further, ultra-small twists or pushes or pulls, finger actions to make the ship tilt slightly. I technically knew this, but it's one thing to have theory and another to have muscle memory.
Tilt was freaky to me so I let go and said, "Just... fix it to hover level?"
We had slowly and quietly risen into the sky, but it occurred to me that we were being stared at and they couldn't focus on anything. "Pat, can we write something on the side of the ship?"
"Yes. Specify."
I just knew (via info that had been dumped into my brain previously) that 'specify' meant everything: alphabet, language, color, size, font, placement, all of it.
I clarified to Pat. "Write, 'U.S.S. Bison' on the top right of every face of the ship, letters Arial font, 2 meters tall, 2 meters offset from the corner, always either Blue...uh, cobalt blue, or a contrasting color to the hull color. Do it."
I could see the words appearing, on picture-in-picture video on the left wall where I'd selected, the contents of which were world news TV stations and phone camera live streams looking up at us from all over the school.
Now, the real question was, where did I want to go next?
I didn't know that much about how to "fly" the ship in any complicated way, or really much about its capabilities except from the surface level feeling of a, 'can do anything' vibe. Rudimentary was a bad sense to have of one's own spaceship.
To learn it, I'd have to pause and let the info soak in.
Pulling up on the yoke gently, I accelerated upwards from 100 to 500 meters, then paused. We were well above the rooftops, but probably not in the path yet of any airplanes.
The overcast sky was very slightly drizzling, off and on, but I wasn't in the clouds yet.
Steeling my nerves, I asked for a good piloting lesson, into my brain, from Pat. I had to specify that it should be slow, so it didn't hurt too much. I'd tried it before and it had really hurt, so I stopped, then. If it was raw info, I could get that fast, but unless I put it into a common-sense context, the number of meters, or temperature, or whatever, just flowed uselessly.
There was probably a lesson in there about how I should have been studying in my classes, too, but I didn't think about that until later.
Digesting the info, I started again with sucking in the Bison's capabilities, constraints, etc.
Information poured into my brain, as sets of images and hand motions, numbers and rules of thumb, formulae and capabilities as numbers translated into my units - mostly metric because I had decided in junior high science class that metric made SOOOOO much more sense.
America is really stupid sometimes, and imperial measurements still being a thing was proof.
The info kept flowing, but it got more towards emergency procedures and things to avoid, more and more esoteric until I stopped it.
In absolute terms, we hung there for about 10 minutes, I figured.
Kind of coming-to, I knew nothing had happened yet, but it might.
"Pat, are there any aircraft around us that we might be ... endangering?"
"No. Various military aircraft have just been routed towards us, but all civilian transport either is flying away already or is being redirected as we speak."
"Is it possible for me to call... No, to talk on the radio with those airplanes? The military ones?"
"Yes. Control communications..." Pat showed me images of how the chair's controls worked, and my brain just soaked that info in as an intuitive thing.
I keyed the mic. "Uh, Hello? This is the USS Bison, uh, spacecraft? Can anyone hear me?"
Immediately, someone replied, "Please get off this channel, this is a military channel only."
"I know. I'm in the spacecraft you're racing those... F-22's towards me, right now? I don't want to get hit, and I promise I'm ... we're, not hostile. Uh, over."
"Bison, you don't need to say, 'over', sir. What's your name?"
"Let's just say I'm Kevin, for now. Yeah. I don't want people to freak out."
"Too late, sir. Many people are. We can see you now."
"I see you, too. I'm going to go visit the moon for a couple of hours? Uh... I don't have lunch, though. Uh... I should probably talk to someone important when I get back."
There wasn't lunch on the ship, there wasn't any human food, and besides the pilot's chair, there wasn't a bed, either.
I think my comment about the Moon surprised him.
I continued, "Hey, I have a question. Can you get some stuff for me? I need a mattress in here, and... uh, some maybe, uh, a sub sandwich? Maybe a refrigerator?"
"Hold one."
He apparently was thinking. He came back. "How do you propose we get these things to you?"
"Oh. Right."
I got out my cell phone and called the burger place on 10th. I let the whole conversation play out over the military radio, too. It rang.
"Bernie's?"
"Yeah, I want a special order? Like, really special?"
"What do you need?"
I told him: five cheeseburgers, two crispy-chicken sandwiches, two chocolate shakes, two big soda bottles, one of each kind of fruit juice, fries, onion rings, one of each kind of chips, a fish sandwich, and a package of each kind of cookies, all in one or two giant paper bags, stapled shut.
"Ready in, uh, 15 minutes?"
"Uh... Thing is... I'm going to pull up outside, I have a super-special vehicle. You're not going to believe it, it looks just like a UFO, but it's super-hard to get out of? So... can you just bring out the bag to me? I can get you some cash then?"
"Sure, sounds good."
"Don't be scared, okay? My ... my ride is kind of scary, but, really, it's just me."
I'd been to Bernie's before. The old guy that ran it was pretty no-nonsense. My teammate from track and cross-country, Brian O'Connor, worked there over the summer and he said the owner was nice but didn't put up with 'slackers'.
"No problem. See you soon, we'll keep an eye out for you."
I hung up, and waited. It wasn't their lunch rush yet, so the guy didn't give me a lot of pushback on the order. The more I thought about it, the more I realized there was about zero chance I'd be able to get into that mini-mall parking lot and not cause a panic, or crush the roof of a car as I came down.
Then I remembered the parking lot had light poles and that sealed it.
I made another call. "Modesto Police non-emergency."
"Hello, I'm Kevin, I'm the guy flying the giant spaceship, and ... I'm sorry, I don't want to create a panic."
There was a pause on the line, and someone else came on, a lady with a no-nonsense voice. "Sir. Yes. We saw you take off. Is there a reason you're calling us?"
I explained carefully - I wanted the burgers, I had the money for them, but I didn't want to freak out people, they might get into traffic accidents, and all that, so maybe the police could pick up the burgers and pay, and I'd pay someone back? I could meet the cops somewhere?"
There was another pause and she said, "That will work. We have a squad car going there right now. They will pick up your food, pay for it, and meet you... on Castle road at 127? You know where that is?"
They were trying to get me out of town, so if it crashed, it wouldn't hurt people. Or, if I was a danger, I didn't hurt people. Basically, they didn't want me to hurt people. I respected that.
I said yes and we hung up.
Extending the ship's sensors over the burger place, I waited and watched.
The cop got there, went in, and waited. Outside, another two cop cars showed up, blocked off access with lights going, and we all waited for the food to cook.
It was kind of funny. I was hovering in a giant alien spaceship, there were powerful military aircraft circling me with guns and missiles, the cops were on high alert, the entire high school was probably freaking out wondering why I was hanging there, and all of it hinged on some guy waiting for the fries to be done.
Finally they got it handled and the cop came out with the food bags, carefully, put it in his passenger side seat, and drove at a reasonable speed (surprisingly) to the corner where they'd told me to go.
Huh. The cop guy seemed intent on doing the right thing, which was pretty cool.
I had moved the Bison over to be above the intersection, just hovering there about 100 meters up.
Of course, the police had blocked it all off and traffic was backed up in all directions, but it was midmorning on a weekday so, yeah, they could wait.
They got to see a spaceship. I hoped it justified their wait.
Pat, I'd learned before, could create force-field balls that could lift something up to the ship, so I asked the cop (via loudspeaker) to put the food on the grass in the median strip and back away.
A force-sphere enclosed the bag (and the grass and dirt under it to complete the sphere shape) and brought it up through the cargo door.
We were set!
Meanwhile, the F-22's (two to start with, by that time joined by 8 more), circled at a distance.
I had Pat write 'Thank You!' on the hull facing downwards and we took off, straight up.
Pat had the food bags delivered on an automated cart to the bridge.
I apparently had automated carts. I kind of knew that? I definitely hadn't seen them yet.
Burgers... Mmmmmm....
Pat advised me that, given these samples, food replication equipment onboard could make any amount of them I wanted, in the future.
Getting more samples would be a good plan, I thought.
I decided to thank the F22 pilot I'd spoken with earlier. "Lead aircraft, who I spoke to, what's your callsign?"
Later I learned call signs aren't used much in real-life, but, hey, I'd watched too many movies.
"Sir. My name is Higgins... Really, Colonel Henry Higgins, United States Air Force. My callsign is Sail Freak. I like sailboats. You can call me Higgins if you like, sir."
"Thank you, Higgins. I'm headed to the Moon..." I thought about the course, given some enhanced math from Pat, "...about 4 hours one way? So, I'll be back by dinner, sorta, maybe? Can I call the President, maybe, in a couple of hours? I know she's busy, but... could that be arranged? Say, 2 pm Eastern time? If it's a problem, I'm flexible on timing..."
"I will pass along your request, Kevin."
"Thanks. See you later, uh, Sailfreak. Fly safe." I used to watch a YouTube show where the guy said that all the time to sign off.
"And you, sir."
That, really, was my first interaction with the military.
Setting the course for 'medium-high lunar equatorial orbit' with Pat (having to define those terms), accelerating at 1 g there, we'd get there about 3 hours later.
I got out my phone and got Pat to patch through a call to Mads, from my English class. I knew I just had to apologize, and I liked her.
It rang.
"Uh.... Kevin?!? Is that really you?"
I was upbeat. "Mads! Yes, it's me."
After I assured her that I really was okay, I apologized again for disrupting class. "And, say, you know my girlfriend, Alice, right? Can you get a message to her? I think the military is going to be, like, totally bothering her soon."
"Sure."
I realized I didn't have anything to say. "Uh, just... sorry, I didn't mean to cause problems. And, if she wants a ride, she can have one, too."
There was some noise, and Mads said, "I... think it's not going to work. I hear sirens, and someone's at the door. I think your calling me, uh, made someone notice."
Inspired, I asked, "You want a ride?"
She sounded confused but excited, "Sure! Is it safe?"
"I wouldn't be here if it wasn't!" I thought for a second and said, "Go to your backyard. Give me your address..."
== CHAPTER: Picking Up Mads ==
I navigated down again, accelerating at 2 g's and getting there fast. She was just walking into her backyard. Pat put a sphere around her even as her parents were trying to talk with the police in their front room.
The sphere floated up to me. It was a patch of grass she was standing (then kneeling) on. She was freaking out a little at being lifted, but touching the inside wall of the sphere gave her confidence.
Bringing it in the cargo door, I shut the door and got the ship going upwards again.
She was busy looking around and had to step off the tilting section of grass onto the floor, so I used the intercom and told her how to get up the stairs.
Mads walked into the bridge / control room, eyes wide open. It was a nice room, white 5 meter tall walls on four sides, consoles all around that showed things but faced a common front wall, and then a Captain's chair in the middle where I was sitting. It turned with a control, so I could face her as she came in.
"Kevin! Oh my God you're here! Are you an alien or something?"
"Nope. Normal human. I just own a really, really cool ride." I grinned at her, happy to see someone I knew.
"I'll say!!" She paused, and added, "Uh... why did you want me to come onboard? I'm ... not arguing, mind you, but ...why?"
"Just a friendly face. And, I like you. And... Alice and I had a sort-of fight last week, so I wanted to text her, but she's kind of ... I'm not sure. I think I'm in trouble with her, but ..."
"Oh. Right! You're trading girlfriends!" She was grinning, "You get a 'really cool ride' and you think you can sweep a girl off her feet and get laid." This was totally her sarcasm mode, I knew her pretty well.
I laughed, "Uh... I'm not, uh..."
She tilted her head sideways, looking up at a wall that showed a diagram of our trajectory. It was the Earth, with some dotted lines, and a lunar orbit, with numbers around it.
Looking back at me, she asked, "We're... going to the Moon?!?"
"Yeah. Takes about 3 hours one way, at 1 g."
"That's Soooo Cool! Can we see outside?"
"Pat, display exterior on wall 1."
The wall suddenly showed stars outside, the curve of the Earth, and the bright sunlight streaming in. "Pat, careful, don't ever let us get hurt from radiation or sunlight."
The light shifted and Pat said (in my head), "It was always safe, now adjusted for comfort."
"Cool!"
We just stood there and watched the Earth get farther away.
"Mads, again, I'm sorry for causing you a hassle. You're probably gonna have government types crawling all over you for weeks."
"Oh. Yeah. Probably."
I was silent.
Suddenly, out of the blue, she burst out laughing hysterically, then asked,"So, you want a blowjob now or what?"
I was confused. "Excuse me?"
"The FBI is probably gonna ask me tons of questions, like in a dark room or something. I was just thinking, hey, if the first thing I do is give you a blowjob, then all those dark suited guys are gonna have to hear the story, over and over, like, how I did it, and, like, what you tasted like, or whatever! It'll be great!"
Her sense of humor got me, and I laughed, too. She was pretty funny.
"Plus, I can write a book, and make enough money to pay for college, I'll bet."
I nodded, "Yeah, so you should pay _me_ for the BJ. Reverse prostitution."
She laughed at that one, too.
"Pat, can we have some chairs in here, too, maybe? Plus, uh, we'll be here awhile, so... a bed? Do you have any examples of them?"
Pat spoke over the speaker system instead of just into my head, "Yes, Kevin. I can fashion chairs suitable for this environment. I can also make a bed of a cotton-like fabric similar to those shown on TV and movie depictions. They will take one hour to construct."
"Ok, please start."
"Proceeding."
Mads asked, "Who is Pat?"
I explained.
Mads and I talked for a nice long time until the mattress was ready. Some robots brought up some thick metal parts that had slide-together attachments and built a decent bedframe, then brought in a king-sized mattress complete with sheets and a blanket, and then six pillows for the bed.
We laughed at having so many pillows. I realized that's the way it appeared on TV, and mentioned to Pat that most people didn't have but two pillows on their actual beds, but we'd keep them around anyway.
The only response was, "Yes, sir." I was apparently a 'sir' all around.
After the robots left, we walked over and tested it out. It was a normal king mattress, and the sheets felt really luxurious. We just had to test it out.
I commented to Mads that I could point out the exact models of robots (from my ship's info-dump) and that they had numbers, but that I couldn't pronounce the names because they were sets of musical chords.
Note that when I say chords, I really mean either a chord, a set of notes from across the spectrum, or a chord progression, usually simpler. Pat's native language was freaky and the fact that I couldn't reproduce it was frustrating.
Mads thought that was pretty wild, so I had Pat name off some objects and translate them.
For some reason, it seemed like I could vaguely recognize some of the sounds. It's odd to know things not know how you know them.
We both sat down on the bed. It was perfectly functional. Not epic, and not super-soft, either. I guessed it was about like a normal mattress.
Mads sat next to me, as we watched the Earth recede behind us. "You know," she said, "I was serious about the blowjob, sorta. If you want one. You didn't have gym today, yet, did you?"
I laughed, "Nope. Not stinky. I have gym 7th period, right after lunch. Not the worst timing, I usually have track practice after school..."
"Yeah."
Since we were sitting side-by-side, I turned to her and moved my face in closer, very slowly.
She smiled, putting her hand on my shoulder and obviously into the idea, "Oh, I see how it's going to be. You want to make out first. I can do that."
I didn't have any witty rejoinders. She pushed me back flat and maneuvered to be on top of me, and we kissed, first a peck and then a more meaningful slower one.
Letting her take the lead seemed prudent. I didn't know what to do, too much at least. It wasn't that I was inexperienced with kissing, it was more that I'd not kissed too many girls - just a few and then Alice.
The fact that I was cheating on my girlfriend by kissing Mads briefly popped up in my mind, but then again I did own a spaceship now.
That thought was wrong, though! I shouldn't be thinking like that! But... I was? I realized something was off, but just as soon as I was thinking that, I was distracted by the kissing more.
My mind came back to it, though, through some force of will. It wasn't that I was purposefully trading up or down, or that I was cheating, it was ... I just suddenly had a great sense of love for Mads, in a way that I was really surprised by.
I wasn't cheating, I was expressing my true feelings for her, and that seemed important, like, REALLY important.
We kissed for a long while, and I let my hands roam over her body, lightly, not obscenely, just caressingly. She paused long enough to pull off her light sweatshirt, then t-shirt, and finally she reached behind and took off her bra (!!!).
Her boobs were magnificent! Round, full, on the larger side of mid-sized, they were slightly smaller than Alice's, but shaped more interestingly, too.
We went back into lip-lock, until she went down my body, unbuckled my pants, let me pop through my boxer's access-hole, and... she started sucking! YES!
On the surface, it wasn't an expert process - she wasn't super good at it. Alice was definitely better, and I tried to figure out what the difference was. As things occurred to me, I'd mention them, and Mads got significantly better just right then.
I didn't last too long, maybe a couple of minutes under her jacking-sucking enthusiasms, and I found my back arching and groaning out in fine grunting mode.
She moaned, too, as I came, though she kept her mouth clamped down over me and swallowed my cum down as I spurted. WoowwWWW! That was good!
The trouble was, she kept sucking even after I came, and it got to be way too much, so I said so and she stopped, then, laying her head on my abdomen while we caught our breaths.
I was floating. The ship was still under acceleration so it felt like gravity, but I had a real sense of floating, happy, free, loving the moment.
She shifted up and lay by my side, quietly, waiting.
I said, "Madison. Thank you."
"Mmmm! My pleasure!"
"I don't mean to look a gift horse in the mouth here... but... Why... uh..."
"Why did I give you a blowjob?"
"Yeah?"
She thought about it, and I shifted so we could see each other's faces. "I just felt like giving it, being generous, I guess. Plus, I totally trust you. I don't know why. You rescued me from the cops, for sure, but... that's not it. It's like, I look at you, and my heart swells. It's not rational. I didn't have this feeling earlier today."
"In class?"
"Ha! Not! You took off, and Pomeroy was flustered, like she's so like, 'why is he acting like this?' I think she thought you were going to do something violent or something, but, you were so reassuring and apologetic, it didn't seem like that. She had us bar the door, briefly, but then the building shook a little and there was shouting, like, 'Get out! Evacuate!"
"We remembered what you'd said, so we went across the hall to Davis's class, and they were all against the windows staring at this impossible huge cube spaceship coming down on the football fields."
"Yeah..."
"Everyone was wondering who it was walking towards it, but then you turned around, so we all figured it out."
"Ah. Again, sorry. I didn't have control of the timing."
"You don't control this thing?"
"I DO, but ... I'm not sure how much yet? It's kind of confusing. I'm working on it."
"Oh."
"So where'd you go next?"
"Home, stupid! The building cleared out super-fast after you took off, everyone wanted to get home to watch on TV or something in case you did something else. Your parents are probably worried sick."
"My dad left a long time ago, just my mom and sister and I. Jane is off at Wash U in St. Louis."
"That's where she went? I thought she got into Rutgers?"
"Changed her mind." I felt odd talking about Jane, at one level, when we could see a star field on the wall and a noticeably bigger Moon and much smaller Earth. Here we were, hanging out in this super-advanced alien spacecraft, having just... 'been intimate', maybe... talking about basic family facts we didn't know about each other despite the BJ. Oddness.
I put words on it and said, "Kinda surreal. Where we are."
"I'm kind of disconnected, too."
I pulled my pants up and fastened them, and we stood up to watch the Earth, which was okay for a while, but I wondered what was happening back there. "Pat, can you pull up MSNBC on this wall, too, in a window, without obstructing the main view?"
A big-screen-TV's size image of a newscaster appeared - Ali Velchi, it looked like - giving a rundown on the events. They even had several video clips from different people, of me turning around and waving, and then walking on the ship.
His sequence of interviews switched between his standard talking-heads political people and then to field-Interviews with our police chief (I'd never met him), and then over the phone with some of our classmates.
They even talked with JD, a total metal-head if there ever was one, but he was surprisingly put together. He said, pretty calmly, "I was over in the auto shop. We watched it come down, silent-like, no engine noises. No jerky motion, either, looked really controlled and deliberate. The auto-shop building kind of shook a little when it touched down, like it was heavy or something. I wasn't scared so much, I mean, yeah, a little, but there was Kevin and he's a total geek, so yeah, it wasn't that odd anymore somehow, I was like, Yeah, that figures."
"You know him pretty well?"
"Good enough. I put gum in his hair once back in 3rd grade. I was ... kind of a dick back then." He laughed and said, talking directly to me, "Hey, Kevin, so, uh... sorry, dude! Hope you're okay."
"You think he's going somewhere?"
"Didn't you say he told people he was going to the Moon?"
"We reported that, yes, the police confirmed he said that."
"Well, if he's going there, he's probably got a reason. Kevin's an okay guy. Like, nice, and stuff. I'm sure he's gotta have a reason. Or... Ha! Maybe not. Maybe he's just gonna go and sightsee or something. Hell, if I had a spaceship, I'd go, too!"
"Do you know why he might have wanted to bring Madison Charles along?"
"Mads, yeah. I dunno? I thought he was going out with Alice Peterson, but ... that's his business, I'm not really with the geek crowd."
I said to Mads, "JD is doing an epic interview."
"He's got a point. Why am I here again?"
Whispering, I said, "Blowjobs..." and she laughed.
JD continued, interrupting us, "...Of course, I totally get it. Mads is hot. I mean, like, attractive? And, smart, too. Kevin's smart, so that kinda fits."
They finished the call, and switched to a reporter interviewing the principal, who had nothing to say except they were glad no one was hurt, and how they'd done the building emergency procedures well and he was happy with their planning. It got boring.
Pat put a reminder on another wall of the time, and that I'd asked Higgins, the F-22 pilot, to have a call with President Ortiz at 2 pm, and it was getting close to time.
"What are you going to say?"
"Dunno. I just thought it would be good to reach out and ... I guess, tell them I'm not threatening. In the movies, they always panic. Speaking of so... Pat, can we call my mother, on speakerphone? I suspect there's no cell coverage..."
Pat spoke, and Mads started like it was a surprise reminder we had a third person with us, sort-of. "Yes. Both options are open. I can boost the signal and get your phone back into range, but there will be nearly a second of delay for lightspeed back to Earth."
"Just... a voice call, please. If I'm in range, I think Alice is gonna send me a bunch of texts."
"You currently have over 4,300 text messages in queue, from various people. Shall I call you mother?"
"Yes."
The phone rang. Madison and I stood up, and I sipped a milkshake. I was still hungry. A man's voice answered, "Hello?"
"Can you please put Catherine Cooper on? This is Kevin Cooper."
Shuffling, then a voice that said Mom had a speakerphone on. "Kevin?"
"I'm okay, Mom. I'm... sorry I'm making your life so hard."
"OH, honey! I'm just so glad you're safe! What's going on? Why are you doing this?"
"I kinda got a ... It's like I got a car, Mom, like, a _really_ fast car. No - not fast. It's like, it's a truck, but... " I laughed, "It's seriously off-road."
Madison chuckled.
"They want me to ask if Madison is all right."
I went over and whispered in Mads' ear, "Keep your responses short? Don't tell too much. I kinda want to keep the details here private, mostly."
She nodded with a big smile, and, looking me in the eye, said, "I'm okay, Mrs. Cooper. Just great, actually! We can see the Earth behind us, and the Moon in front, and it's bigger? Really pretty. Kevin was really nice to pick me up, the cops were breaking down my door."
There was some shuffling around, like papers moving, and Mom continued, "Yes, they're sorry about that. You're really okay?"
Madison went into talk-real mode, "Duh. I'm fine, Kevin's been super-nice. We're just hanging out here. No worries. Tell my Mom I'm fine, okay? I didn't get a chance to, before we left."
"I will, dear... Uh, Madison."
"Oh! You can call me what you want, Mrs. Cooper! My friends call me 'Mads', or 'Maddie'."
I interrupted, "...I'll call back later, Mom. I have to ... I'm laughing at this ... I have to talk with The President now. Ha!"
"You've pulled a big stunt, Kevin, you have a lot of people worried."
"No stunt, Mom. I'm just kind of figuring out how to... drive this thing? It's odd, but I'm getting the hang of it. Sorry I caused problems. I've apologized a bunch, but, yeah. Probably doesn't make up for it."
"Just... take care of yourself? I love you so much, Kevin."
"I love you, too, Mom, no worries. We'll be back by this evening, probably. I'll bring you some Moon rocks if you want. Might be nice for the mantle. Uh... I guess... I'll try to call you later, maybe 8 pm or so? I'm not sure. Today is kinda busy, dunno, might get distracted by something."
"Whenever is fine, dear."
"Bye."
Pat had put a half-meter tall replica of my cellphone's screen on the wall for the call, so I went over and pressed the hang-up button and it worked, though I suspected that it was just Pat keeping track of me, versus having the wall actually be a touchscreen.
I looked over. Mads had put her sweatshirt on, so I couldn't look at her boobs anymore, but I grinned, "Mads, I gotta say. JD was right. You are really beautiful."
"I bet you say that to all the girls you pick up in your spaceship."
"Hmmm... One out of one. Yes, all of them. You're right."
We laughed a moment, and I walked over and gave her a hug, and then a kiss. I think she was surprised by it. "What was that for?"
"Being nice to my mom."
"Duh! You know they're going to play that tape for my mom, too, right? And, they're in AAUW together?"
"Oh. Yeah."
Still, Mads was smiling. I think she was thinking of how I interacted with my mom, and I wondered if I'd said anything silly. I didn't think so.
== CHAPTER: Calling the President ==
Looking at the clock, I said, "Pat. Where is the bathroom on this ship?"
"I anticipated this need. I've created a replica of your house's upstairs hallway bathroom, complete with all substances, and working plumbing systems." The door is ...Here."
A panel slid up on the back wall, revealing a door that looked a hell of a lot like the door to our hall bathroom, down to the wood grain under the door paint.
I excused myself (having had a lot of pop and a whole milkshake) and went in to pee. The flush was exactly like normal, which for some reason surprised me, even knowing what Pat could do.
The odd thing was, the window was there, just like the real thing, but it was just white on the outside
I washed my hands, even though I hadn't really touched myself much. There's a technique I had for unzipping and getting my penis out and peeing, then shaking and putting myself away, without ever actually touching my penis with my hands. Washing hands seemed stupid, but I did it anyway because mom was such a stickler about it when I was little.
I worried about her, with so much hubbub.
Mads needed to use the bathroom, too, so I waited, we had a few minutes. The question was going to be, would it be a phone call, or a video call, or what.
With video, I'd be giving away more info about myself, and the room I was in, the ship in general. I decided that maybe there were weaknesses I didn't want to address, and less info for them was better.
On the other hand, I did want to be useful.
Mads finished up and came back, giving me a kiss as she walked in. I asked Pat for a conference room table (we had the floor space) and a bunch of office chairs, and a device to control a phone.
Until they could be made, we'd just have to stand.
There were a bunch of things I should've asked for when I got onboard, I realized, like a refrigerator full of normal food. Trouble was, I didn't know Pat could make things, it occurred to me as I was connected.
"Do we know what phone number to use for the President?"
"Your phone has a text from someone with a valid White House phone number and name. It gives you a number to call that will ring directly to the President's secretary."
"Good. It's time. Let's call them now."
Ring... Ring... "Office of the President."
"This is Kevin Cooper."
"Yes, Mr. Cooper. The President is ready for your call. Here she is."
The phone rang again and I heard a click and a speakerphone quality room noise, "Good afternoon, Mr. Cooper."
My mom binge-watched a show once called, 'West Wing' where everyone was super-formal with the President, and I wanted to be that, too. It felt a little fake, but I knew that being respectful might earn me some points later.
"Mrs. President. Yes. This is Kevin Cooper. You can hear me okay?"
There was a slight delay to them responding, the lightspeed delay. Kind of odd we were that far out already, but accelerating at 1 G for an hour will do that, my relatively-new math/physics abilities told me.
She responded evenly, "Just fine, yes. It's good to hear your voice. We were very concerned this morning."
She was trying to feel me out, what mood was I in, what kind of person I was. I got that. "Yes, well, it couldn't be helped. I'm the pilot... captain, really. I didn't intend on making a spectacle, but the timing was unavoidable. I'm glad no one was hurt, though."
She laughed thinly and said, "There were a few traffic accidents, but no, no one was hurt. You enjoyed your burgers, then?"
"I'm sure they're not as good as what you get at the White House, ma'am, but Bernie's makes good burgers. I'm not quite sure what-all this ship can do yet, so I figured I'd better get some food before I left."
"And... you said, you're going to the Moon?"
"It seemed like a cool place to visit...." I thought quickly, "But... that comes off as being smug, ma'am, I'm ... not trying to be that. I just ... thought it might be fun. Real astronauts are... they deserve more, uh...'
Madison whispered, "accolades"
"Yes, accolades, more than I do. I'm not that brave, I just... have a cool ride."
"Was that Ms. Charles?"
Mads said, respectfully, "Yes, Ma'am. Pleased to meet you, ma'am. Sort of, talking, meeting." Madison was deferential and seemed a little flustered.
"Must be exciting for you, too, flying out there."
I made a pinching motion with my fingers and pointed to an imaginary watch, Mads got it. "Yes, it is, for sure."
Taking over the conversation again, I asked, "Ma'am, since I'm going to the Moon anyway, can I bring you back some rocks or something? Pictures? I'm not going to go near any previous landing spots, I know we'll want to designate those as historic landmarks."
I don't know why I said that. I realized I was kind of flustered, too.
"We will, yes. As for the rocks, yes, Those would be a kind gift. Where would you like to drop those off?"
I laughed, "I think I can't go back to my house anymore, probably."
A man in the room laughed, and Ms. Ortiz said, "Certainly true... We'll get you an address. Maybe," she went silent for a moment and then came back, "I'm told any NASA facility would be good, but ... yes, NASA Ames, west of San Francisco, that might be good."
I thought about it. I'd actually been there. "Tell you what, I'll land at the North end of the runway at Ames, farthest from the highway. You'll need... some trucks, like, open top ones? Dump trucks, there, probably. I'm not sure how much we'll bring back, but it might be heavy."
"Thank you."
I waited.
She asked, "We want to know what your intentions are, Mr. Cooper? Some of my advisors are chomping at the bit to find out more about that spacecraft, what it can do. Others here, they want to know if you have any... problems? Uh, people that you don't like, or ... you know what an 'agenda' is?"
"Ma'am, yes, of course. No, I don't have an agenda, like, a bad one, I don't think. I don't really dislike anyone too much. Not a big fan of EA or Activision, they ruined... Nevermind. Stupid stuff. No, I don't hate anyone, or any companies, really. Not a big fan of oil companies, polluting and all, but, yeah, cars gotta run, so, yeah, I'm cool."
"So, about the spacecraft? Your plans?"
"I'm just figuring this thing out myself. It's linked to me, so if I'm ever hurt, the craft is useless, that was made plain to me by... when I got it. Ethical considerations, I can't use the thing for war, or something that might probably result in war. There is an artificial intelligence onboard, but it's responsive, not proactive? I understand it pretty well, and it's mostly just smart enough to make phone calls and get from place to place."
"You're saying, if you're hurt or killed, the spacecraft will no longer function?"
"Yes, ma'am. It's a safety thing, to make sure that if someone wants to steal it and start a war, they can't. So, it's me. That's it. And, I think war sucks, so, yeah."
"You're figuring things out, you said. Does this Artificial Intelligence have any influence over you?"
I thought about it. "Not influence, really. It lets me see things, like, in detail? So I know how they work. Anyway. I think I'd better keep this call short since I'm just figuring things out, like I said. I was thinking, though, that I might like to... be like, Planet Express, or something. Like, maybe, deliver stuff? I can do that. The ship's got ... we don't have to refuel, so we can keep going for a while. If you want something put into orbit, or moved farther out, or returned back from orbit, well, let me know, I can do that. I... might want ... to be paid, though? Mom has a hard time with bills sometimes, and I'd like to help."
"We can arrange something, I'm sure, Mr. Cooper."
"Maybe... If you had an astronaut, or two, and they brought some spacesuits onboard, I could fly back to the moon and let them walk around for a while, if you want..." Thinking fast, I said, "For a fee, of course."
She was amused by that, probably because I seemed pretty amateurish in the way I said it. She replied, "Of course," and I knew she was making a funny face in the same way that grown-ups, old people, make faces at people my age.
"Okay then, ma'am, thank you for the chance to talk."
I realized I was controlling the conversation, and I wondered if she wanted it that way.
"Thank you, Mr. Cooper. Do you object if I summarize this conversation to the press?"
I thought about it. "Keeping to generalities, I've heard diplomats before, so, yeah, like that, not like an exact transcript, please, just... general. And try to keep my relationships out of it? It's going to be hard on Mads and her family, and mine, and Alice's... my friends."
"Of course, I understand, that's fine."
We said our goodbyes and hung up, and about 10 minutes later, a table showed up, and then two simple desk chairs made from sturdy metal.
Mads and I talked about the conversation, and since Pat had a recording of it, we played that back to listen and see if I made any mistakes.
I could see in the cool room that the light sweatshirt Mads was wearing was showing her nipples, making points. "Looks like you're cold, a little."
She looked down. "Uh, yeah? You ... want to...?"
I shrugged and smiled hopefully, so she pulled it off and stood up near me, walking closer. I reached out and looked at them closely. "I was dating Alice for a long time, but she didn't let me look at her in the light very often. Usually it was after dates, or in a car, or in a dark room or something."
"And...?"
"Boobs are fun."
She laughed at that. "Yeah, I guess they are. For you."
I looked up at her smiling face. "Not fun for you?"
"Sometimes they ache, or are tender, or make my back hurt."
"Ah." I reached out and stroked her side, then cupped one, and pulled her to me so I could kiss it, deforming it with my hands, squeezing gently, and planting tiny kisses all around. I said, "Alice told me to not focus too much on the nipple or it'd drive her batty. Is this good?"
"Alice is right." She sighed, seeming to be happy with what I was doing.
I kissed over her nipple, and said, "You know, I'm going to call Alice a little later. I think... I shouldn't lie. I think I'm going to tell her."
"That you got a BJ, and that you're... being sexy with me?"
As she said that, I realized I wanted more than just being sexy. I was seriously horny. "Yes. I think she's going to figure it out. I don't want to do that over the phone, though. There will be people listening in, it wouldn't be nice."
"Maybe we could stop by her house after we get back from the Moon." Mads burst out laughing. "I just listened to myself."
"I know, right?"
My imagination went wild. "I want to make love with you, Madison. Would you like that?"
She was nodding fast, "Oh, fuck yeah."
Crouching down to look right at it, I unbuttoned her pants and pulled them down, and she helped. I stood, too, and she took down my pants. We were naked.
Madison and I lay down on the bed and just kissed and rubbed against each other for a while, it was super-nice.
Doing this gave me some confidence. I said, "You know, I'm going to want to bring Alice onboard later, right? Presuming she's not too pissed at me?"
"She won't be pissed. You're famous now."
"Alice isn't like that. She's ... she won't care that I'm famous, she'll be pissed that I didn't tell her about this, the spaceship."
"So? If she is, you've always got me."
I was holding her butt, she'd straddled my stomach to dangle a boob in my mouth, "I certainly DO have you," and squeezed her butt cheeks.
She mini-screamed and giggled.
I said, "What about Dana? If Alice doesn't come onboard, would Dana want to? If the price for a trip was... having a threesome?"
The joke I was making was risky, but I had deniability since it was a question about Dana, not her.
Mads said, "Kevin. You have a fucking spaceship. I suspect at least... 5%, of all high school senior girls in the world would fuck your brains out for a chance to get a ride. No, make that 10%. The first five are all the geeks, the second would be the sluts, and maybe another 5 on top of that of people who just want to bang someone famous."
"Mmm..." My mouth was full. I'd started sucking and licking her boob, really enjoying it, and only backing off the suction when she said to.
What she didn't expect was sliding down her body and kissing my way into her sex. The smell was invigorating. I was nervous, but I also was super-curious.
I got her to lay down on the mattress and kept going down farther, looking up at her eyes for a while until she just closed them and arched her neck with enjoyment.
Kiss, kiss, kiss... and lick. I'd done this with Alice maybe twice before, but she was pretty embarrassed during it and made me stop fast. Not knowing if I'd get stopped, I made every little bit count - long slow licks up the center and pushing her legs out to the side more to give me access.
Mads seemed really nervous to start with, but as I kept going, she started getting into it more.
It occurred to me, maybe Pat knew something about this that I didn't. I whispered, my mouth mostly hidden by Mads' parts anyway, "Pat. Can you teach me something about making Mads orgasm?"
The word, 'yes' appeared in my vision, fast, then a flood of images, from the ultra-tiny, to the larger-scale, the path and mechanisms of nerves, how the clitoral body is a large five-lobed organ the size of a child's hand, embedded along the labia sides and then along the length of the vaginal wall.
I was fascinated, and my licking went into automatic as I digested how this all fit together.
Nerve pathways, tissues that are inflated with a blood supply like the penis, the clitoral body, striations of muscles and ligaments and connective tissue that attaches the vagina and uterus to the pelvis, the blood supply and how the muscle structure sensed movement to give even more feedback to different sensory nerves... WOW!
Knowing this, I could picture what I was doing with my fingers, and how to make the most of what I was doing, and I did.
Mads came!
She tensed up and shuddered, crying out loud with panting screams until she had to stop me by holding onto my head. I did stop, letting her relax and feeling her muscles unwind from the tension.
Then, before she could object, I started licking again, since the inside-knowledge Pat had given me showed that the second orgasm triggered even more joy-endorphins in a kind-of non-linear exponential happiness graph.
After that second one, I let her breathe and relax. Her horny dial was turned up to max at that point, and she immediately bent around, pulled me up, and then worked her way down my body to suck my already-hard cock.
"Are you going to lick that longer or do I get to do something else with it?"
Her smile and fast-nod led to a pop as she pulled off of me and came up by my side and lay down on her back. She inhaled sharply and gave a slight wanting moan, "Please? In me?"
I obliged and crawled on top of her amazing body. Painting my cock up and down her lips, once, twice, three times, then carefully positioning it almost but not quite in, she looked at me and hugged my lower back, pulling me to be inside her faster.
I resisted. I said, looking her deep in the eyes, "Love me, Madison. Do whatever... Obey me."
Where that came from, I had no idea. But, she was being so subservient, it was like she super-super wanted to be dominated? I was just obliging, I think?
She replied back, though. Nodding, her eyebrows up with honesty, she said, "I will, Kevin. ANYTHING. I will obey you. Just... Love me back?"
I pushed my cock up slightly, just into her, sliding into the tight confines, not more than my head inside, and I said, "Anything?"
"Anything!"
I pushed the rest of the way, in small jerks, and felt her start shuddering and grunting with each movement.
I said, "Well then. I love you, Mads."
The funny thing was, I did. Plus, it wasn't just love. I really, really liked Mads. At that moment, it was super-clear to me. My sense of her under me joined all the times I remembered her. We'd been in elementary and junior high, and even in high school we'd sat next to each other in a few classes... And now, she was NAKED, Under Me, fully mine. I was IN her, joined, and I knew she was a good mate, as in the verb, mating. She was a mating-mate.
From an animalistic point of view, I think this was Pat coming into my thoughts.
In retrospect, Mads and I were being animals together, doing the basic thing sexual animals did.
Pat had healed a scar on my shin just above my ankle. I noticed it when I took my pants off. Somehow, I just knew Pat had done that and it wasn't just a trick of the light. My whole body felt better. Pat was 'fixing' me, giving me full health.
What did people in full health need? Sex.
I was definitely getting that now.
Pumping steadily into Mads, she was pulling me in a hug around my chest, her legs wrapped around my thighs to urge me inwards farther. Every little bit of my cock going into her I felt with crystal-clear delicious sensation.
The very fact that those sensations were so clear to me gave me such almost-overwhelming physical pleasure. Every little bit of the shaft of my cock, rubbing against her lips, then the inside of her vagina, in the instroke, then the outstroke; the head of my cock going up and into her, I didn't know how deep compared to the depth of her vagina, but I wondered.
As soon as I wondered, Path showed me. I was mostly there already. I asked, in a tiny voice, not more than breath sounds to Mads, I was pretty sure, "Pat, if my cock was longer and wider, would it give her better orgasms?"
"Yes."
"Better for me, too?"
"Yes."
"How long would it take?"
"About 3 hours with some pain. About a day without pain."
"Yes, do it - no pain, though, no rush. And, just a medium amount of increase, size-wise, I don't want to be that abnormal, it's for her enjoyment. And, sorta, mine, too."
"In process."
Mads was incoherent with joy at that point, and came in strong clenching bursts of writhing fit, under me and around my cock, which made for great sensations for me, too.
Very soon after that, I came, too. I'd stroked enough, and built and built, and then, yes, there I was, spurting deep and overwhelmed, pumping cum into her.
In my mind's eye, courtesy of Pat or just my 'fertile imagination' (I enjoyed my own pun), I could see my cum in there, in the thousands of tiny interior bumps of her vaginal walls. In it sprayed, and then, above, the os, the opening of her cervix, looking just like the urethra of my penis, splayed open wide and cum going in there, too.
Yes. I knew where it was going. I'd seen those structures. I looked up in my mind's eye, and I wondered if those sperm would find something? Yes. There it was, an egg, just started down the fallopian tube.
Some part of me wished for them to meet.
Some part of me wondered if she was on birth control and it wouldn't matter, the egg would bounce off the uterine wall.
These were just flashes of thought, amongst my own yelling, grunting cum-fest. My mind switched topics fast and I concentrated on the feeling of her breasts pressed against my chest, and her head, since she was shorter than me, putting her eyes into my chin.
We grunted together, and that was beautiful.
The aftereffects, the relaxation and floating, let us let go of our tension, and soon enough I decided to not press down on her anymore and rolled off.
We lay there, staring at the ceiling, and then turning over and facing the moon-wall. It was getting really big in our view, so stark and grayish-white, all pockmarked with super-tiny craters.
"Kevin, you asked me to ... love you? I do! I don't know why. I'm not objecting? It's just... I know it's strange. And, also... you asked..."
"Yeah."
"No, you told me. You said for me to obey you. Anything, you said."
"Yes?"
Her voice sounded like she'd considered the matter. "You were right. I will. I will obey you, I'll do Anything... I know, you love me back."
I could tell this was a conversation that I'd remember, and she'd remember, forever. I asked, "Even if I'm _also_ making love with Alice, or Dana, or both, or someone else? As long as I love you, too, we're good?"
"Yes. Kevin, YES." She hugged me, holding her head to my side and squeezing herself to me. "I will, I'll obey you."
"Kinda makes me wonder how we should test that. I mean, I believe you, but I'm wondering, what do you mean?"
She was frank, daring me. "Ask me."
I looked down at my body, my shriveled penis dripping with cum and her pussy juices. I remembered an erotic story I read once where someone was being mind-controlled. Echoing that idea, I said, "Lick me. Lick my cock clean, now."
She smiled like I'd given her some fun task, and she did, bending down and sucking it in.
The process worked, I guessed. Finishing, she let go with a smack and a smile. "Done, sir."
"No sir, just Kevin. Or, Kev."
"Gotcha." She settled into my side.
We got dressed, and Mads went to the bathroom for a couple of minutes while I looked at the wall where Pat was displaying a set of projected paths of where we were going. We were almost to enter orbit.
"Pat, are we going to go into zero-g when we get to lunar orbit?"
"We can. We can leave on a small thrust if you like, 5%. The toilet will have to be latched. The chairs and table are magnetized and will remain where they are, but you must not move them or they will float around and possibly hurt you."
"Understood. Uh, yeah, let's do that 5% thrust thing so we're not floating around."
Mads came out of the bathroom, dressed, and I just had my pants on. I'd changed to a polar orbit so we could decide where to land anywhere on the Moon. "Pat, let's make our destination the south lunar pole, or nearby? In the light, but barely? Maybe get us close and we can find a spot? Somewhere interesting, geologically, maybe."
A projected path and target zone appeared, and I approved.
I had to pee!
I came back, and Mads was standing right up against the wall, and I laughed.
She said, "The resolution on this is so good, even if I get super close, I can still see smaller things."
== CHAPTER: Mooning ==
"Pat, I need a set of non-pilot chairs, cushioned, for many-g accelerations, behind or off to the side of mine, really for the consoles, I think. And, some more somewhere else in the ship. Plus, a room with bunks, king-sized bed frames, where you're safe if you're sleeping in zero-g, or some G's, or whatever.... We can pick up some mattresses when we get back to Earth."
"Understood. Ready in about 3 hours."
We watched, then felt the ship stop accelerating and fall down and towards the lunar south pole, slow up, and land. We had gravity back, then, one-sixth, which made us feel super-light and powerful. I could jump up and touch the room's ceiling, 5 meters up, maybe, but when I came down I missed and hit the table.
Bouncing didn't hurt much, I wasn't going that fast.
Our bridge was volumetrically pretty big.
"Pat, what are our options for going 'outside', without dying or getting hurt?"
Pat showed me in my head.
I explained what I'd learned to Mads and we went downstairs to the 'airlock' area where there were plastic balloons we could float in.
She and I opened them up and zipped them closed - and we had our own plastic human hamster-balls to walk on the moon with! The Very Cool aspects of this just boggled my mind.
Pat created a sphere around us as a backup layer, and as the door opened, I was struck by how freakin' bright the sun was. The plastic dimmed around it, so it was kind of an automatic sunshade, but the tech to do that amazed me.
We rolled around and got lunar dust all over the outside of the sphere, but Pat could poof-it away by changing the force field sphere size rapidly and then reversing the expansion. Kind of cool.
The rock collection? Very odd. I saw how Pat did it. Creating a sphere the size of a basketball, mostly underground but just slightly jutting up, and another sphere immediately outside of that. In the outside shell in between, due to a rapid compression expansion process, Pat heated the soil trapped there until it was white hot liquid.
As soon as the sphere was lifted above the surface, the glowing liquid shell darkened, radiating away the heat, and the outer sphere was released, allowing the sphere to settle on the lunar surface and get a dent on the bottom so it wouldn't roll.
This was repeated over and over, from all around us across the surface, each time Pat floated the ball back to us and set it down in a set of rows.
Just watching this dance was fun for us, though we went back inside since we didn't want to risk being outside and getting sunburns. The sun was super-bright, but still, it felt warm. Plus, I knew that spending time in space makes for radiation damage and I figured the inside of the ship was safer.
Once we were done and the balls were coming in through the 'garage door' airlock, I figured it was about time to call Alice.
This, I wanted to do on a video link, so Mads and I went back up to the bridge.
What was I going to say? I had to broach the subject of being bf-gf, but there I was with Mads. She might be angry? I wondered. She probably wouldn't say anything with people there, and there had to be people there. Alice was generally kind of shy, so, yeah, she'd keep the emotional content low in a "public" conversation.
I'd hear about it later, for sure!
Mads and I planned it out, that we should talk about ourselves as just 'hanging out'. Otherwise, it would be unkind to Alice. The real conversation had to happen in person. Mads gave me some insights into what she might be feeling, and I was super-happy she could tell me. Mads was better with the emotional stuff than I was, and I knew it.
I called on my cell so I knew where the camera was. Video call? Yes.
Her phone rang. She answered, voice only, "Yes!?!? Kevin?!?"
"Yep! The one and only!" I was more chipper sounding than I felt. I was tired, from controlling myself and not moving too fast on my moon-walk.
"You... are you okay?"
"Sure am. Hey, I'm on video..."
"Hold on..."
She turned on the video, too, and I could see her, and a bunch of military people in her living room. Her mom and dad were there, too.
"Looks like you have a full house."
"They kind of ... Yeah."
"I understand. I'm a big unknown, I think, so, yeah, of course they come over and ask you tons of questions."
She didn't have much to say about that.
"Say, Alice, I wanted to apologize. I got my burgers, and I thought, hey, I'd like to have someone along for this ride, but, by the time I turned around and got back to town, I figured, your house would already be full of cops."
"Yeah, it happened really fast."
"I just barely got to Madison's house. The cops were in her living room when I picked her up from the backyard, it was funny."
Alice's smile-nod showed me she was happy the police (or FBI, whatever) had been inconvenienced. They were kind of 'in her grill' and not giving her much choice, I was sure.
Mads was behind me on the video. "Hey, Alice!"
"Hey, Maddie."
I brought it back, "So, Alice. I'm gonna make some more trips, and I'd like to have you along? I need some stuff, though. There's enough room, mostly, but I'm gonna need some crew along, and maybe some furniture, too? Can you tell all those uniformed people you have there to get some king-sized mattresses, like, 8 of them or something? Maybe shrink wrapped, and put them in your backyard on a tarp where I can pick them up? I have to pick up a sphere-shape, so I'll end up making a hole in your lawn... Sorry."
Alice was looking at her dad and smiled, saying, "Oh, no problem. Dad will really enjoy filling that hole up again!"
I laughed hard, and saw her dad sort-of laughed, too. Her mom just barely smiled. I'd been over there a lot, I knew them pretty well. That was her super-nervous-overprotective face.
I continued, "Oh, and I'll need sheets and blankets, and bedframes, metal ones. And... bedside tables, maybe Ikea, dressers? Still, flat-packed is fine. Yeah, and a bunch of clothes - like, sweats, from... UC Davis, maybe? Or, military uniforms or something, all sorts of sizes? Oh - and soap, conditioner, bathroom supplies, too, obviously. Not much in this place. Variety of brands, I don't know what I want."
Someone behind her was writing on a whiteboard, I could see, just out of my vision. I thought it might be the list, but when Alice looked over, she nodded and looked back to me. "Who are you thinking of bringing along? Me? My mom and dad?!?"
I laughed, "You? Yes, you I want! Uh... Sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Peterson..."
Her mom's eyes got big and she shook her head no. She didn't want to come along, she REALLY didn't want to be on a spaceship, that much was obvious.
I thought about it. Who did I want to come? Definitely hot chicks. I was still super-horny, even after just having had sex. But, I didn't want people that could be, like, spies or something. I asked, "I have some people in mind, but I'm open to suggestions. Among all the girls you know, who are the smartest?"
She considered that, and started naming some names. I knew some of them, but then said, "No, seniors only."
She listed off some more. With each one, Pat put their yearbook picture and driver's license photo up on the wall in front of me, along with 'percentile IQ / GPA / attractiveness / resourcefulness', then their health concerns, listed out.
The spreadsheet format helped. Pat was good at this.
I silently asked Pat to list out all of the senior girls or recent grads from the previous year, and add them to the spreadsheet, sorted by high IQ and high attractiveness.
Those led to two more suggestions I asked Alice about and she agreed they'd be good options, 'probably'. I wasn't sure why she said that for one, but the other one she mentioned that the girl was kind of self-centered and superficial, and sometimes mean. I got that, so we disincluded her and settled on some others.
"Can you reach out to them and, if they're interested in taking some trips on a spacecraft, like, as crew - there will be work, for sure - have them be at your house, say, tomorrow morning at 7 am?"
"Sure! You're... going to come then?"
"Yeah, I think so, roundabouts. The Army can probably get some full uniforms and stuff packed into duffle bags and all that by then. Enough clothes for a week, maybe. Not forever. Gonna go visit some places, and it might be nice to have some traveling companions."
Alice's eyes narrowed, "All of these people are ... girls, Kevin."
I shrugged, "What can I say? There's room here, but there's not a lot of privacy, maybe, and I don't feel like hanging out with guys... in that... sorta. You know."
She laughed. "Yep. Got it."
I'd made comments before, starting last year even, about liking to watch movies with naked boobs. It was a known factor for us.
(When we talked later, yes, it turned out she had picked up on it. She said she hadn't worried too much about the girls being super attractive, but just medium, that way, for me. She was amused later when she learned about the spreadsheet.)
"So, tomorrow. You need food, too?"
"Yeah, a refrigerator, big one, microwave, milk, cereal, frozen dinners, you know. Food for what, maybe 8 or 10 people, for a week? We won't have that many, but it's good to have extra."
"Any idea where we'll be going?"
"I figure NASA is going to have a list of things they want in orbit, or whatever, and I can do that. Plus, maybe, we can stop off in Paris or Sydney for lunch or something."
Her smile was huge. "I'll be ready."
I said, "See you then!"
"Bye! I love you!"
She'd only said I love you once or twice before, so this wasn't that totally unusual, but she was normally a lot more reserved than that. I echoed it, "Love you, too, Alice," and smiled, then hung up.
Mads and I slumped in our chairs. She said, "So. That was a call."
"Yeah. We could use those supplies here, definitely."
"More crew, though? There's nothing for us to do now as it is."
"What the heck. We can sightsee, go somewhere. It's not a party if it's just two people."
"You're bringing in more girls."
I laughed and said, "Of course! I'm a horny teenager!"
She paused for a few seconds, remembering. I remembered along with her. She said finally, agreeing, "You certainly know how to make me come."
I took a risk and said, "And, you're going to make Alice come."
Her mouth opened and she inhaled a little, her eyes bigger. "I ... "
"You said."
She closed her mouth and nodded, considering. "I'm not... generally... lesbian."
"You can help. I want to keep Alice happy. And she can keep you happy. Besides, then we get to find out if you mean what you say."
She nodded, and was obviously a little nervous, "I mean it."
"Good." I looked over, "Pat, how is the rock sample collection coming?"
"We have 1024 samples, each with a mass of about 20 kg. The shell is sturdy enough to be dropped on Earth from a height of 30 cm onto hard-packed soil, but higher than that or on concrete and the shell will crack. They will all be onboard in 20 minutes."
"Can we add a core sample? That is, a long cylinder? Or, can it only be spheres?"
"Touch the sensor."
I walked over and touched it, my head filled with ideas, and what the machine-shop printers in the lower part of the ship could create. I picked a core-drill apparatus, easy to construct, and started the process, but specified we should have 3 of them, not just one. The things would take an hour to make, and another hour to get the samples. But, then, we could take core samples elsewhere, which I was fine with.
Breaking contact, I explained to Mads that I had asked the ship to get core samples, which I'd seen on a nature program about ice cores once. She thought it was a great idea, but couldn't the ship get that info without getting the samples?
She was right, of course, so I asked Pat to choose locations for the samples that would help the scientists on Earth get accurate and useful scientific data, and to start as soon as the equipment was ready.
Staring at the screen was good, but Mads wondered if we could see it 'live'?
This was a good question. We went down to the airlock area again and looked out over the moonscape. "Magnificent Desolation" was a quote from the Apollo astronauts, and I had to agree. It was super, super bright out, though, and Pat had to put up a shield to darken things enough to see clearly.
After a while we went back upstairs. Sitting down at our newly delivered conference table, Mads just seemed to wonder what I was up to next, and I didn't know, so I just told Pat to list off, on the wall / display, what criteria I could use for selecting traveling companions, as suggestions.
Pat's list was:
Smart / quick-learners, capable, athletic (physically fit), basically healthy.
Attractive - physically, plus socially class-aware / matching culture with mine.
Open minded for new situations
Multilingual for Earth travel
Genetically diverse
Age 18 to 20
I added two criteria, and got a giant double-take from Mads:
Mostly American, Canadian, Aussie, NZ
Emotionally mature
Fertile
She looked at the list and said, "Uh... the last one?"
"Dunno. Just seems important to me. I might want to have kids eventually. If I do, I'd like to know I can choose from among my crewmates. If they want to."
Her nod was with some suspicion.
I looked at her directly, "You shall not reveal 'fertile' is a consideration, to anyone, in any way. Obey?"
She nodded, accepting that, and said carefully, "Obey."
I turned, "Pat. Using those criteria, create a list of possible new crew members."
A list appeared on the wall, pictures and vital stats as 0-to-10 ratings. Each girl had listed their IQ, emotional stability, attractiveness, number of serious relationships, GPA, major/interests, musical talents, and a bunch of other things. One other factor (in the attractiveness subcategory) was 'compatibility'.
Touching a console, I pulled in Pat's thought that if a girl's interests, intelligence, and number of friends diverged too much from mine, there might be problems.
Pat's criteria for raw physical attractiveness wasn't that far off from my perceptions, based on their pictures. Looking at the first one, a college freshman at Stanford, I said, "Call that one, uh... Kara."
Ring. Ring.
"Hello? That's odd. I tried to hang up and it answered. I don't want any."
I turned the video on. "Hey, don't hang up. I'm not ... I'm Kevin Cooper."
"No. You aren't." She seemed sure.
The video resolved and her picture turned on, too. She was in a room with 3 other girls, and the TV was on behind her. Suddenly, the picture on the TV was me, and the sound was me, too. "Kara Nesbit, Yes, I'm Kevin Cooper, and yes, I'm calling you directly."
The girls screamed and turned around, with more than a few 'What-the-fuck's going around.
"Uh, okay, so... you control my TV now?"
"Sorry, my ship's automation makes that pretty easy. Uh, I have a question for you, but first, I want to confirm some things. You're Kara Elisabeth Nesbit, of Coral Gables, Florida?"
"Yes?"
"Obviously, currently at Stanford, good choice. I'm a high school senior this year, I'm 18. I was going to head for UC Davis. Didn't have the grades for Stanford."
"We like it here?" She didn't know how to answer that.
But, I could tell she wanted to know more, like why I was calling.
"Kara, I'm traveling with Madison Charles, and my girlfriend, Alice Peterson, will be joining us tomorrow morning, with a few others. We're going to do some touring, maybe come back to the Moon, maybe look around a little. Bit of a joyride, really. But, there will be some work - keeping track of rock samples we're collecting, asking good questions, translating if we're in other countries, that kind of thing."
She was still confused, "Okay?"
"I had the ship's computer look up people that are smart and athletic and speak another language - you speak... Czech and German? From your parents?"
"A bit of Dutch, too, but, ya, spraekenzie-Deutch, und mluvin chesky, ano, taky."
"Excellent. Can you take a week off of classes to help out as a crewmember on the Bison, here? I can write your professors a note if that helps. I don't know how college works."
The girls in the room screamed and one started jumping up and down.
Kara was more subdued, but obviously floored by this.
I expanded the video so it was both Mads and I, but with only the blank wall behind us, I didn't want to show the control panel or chair.
Just as I did that she asked, "I don't... Uh, I ... what is involved, again?"
"You're qualified. I want you here. I can use your talents. If you're interested."
She squinted at me a little. "What... wait, who is with you?"
Mads spoke up, "I'm Madison. I'm a friend of Kevin's, we ... grew up near each other. Alice will be along, too. She's Kevin's girlfriend. Plus some other girls, probably, maybe 9 of us total?"
"All... girls?"
I shrugged, "I'm a sucker for pretty girls. Plus, there might be some nudity required around here since we might have to put on spacesuits, and I'd rather be staring at girls than guys."
There was laughter in the room behind Kara, and even she smiled. "Thank you for being honest."
"Like I said. It's a medium sized ship, but not a lot of it is living space."
"When would you want to...?"
"Tomorrow morning, we'd pick you up at about 9 am?"
"Wow. Fast. Will this be... paid work?"
I laughed, "I think NASA may pay us something. Not sure. I hope so. I have to pay for college, too."
They laughed at that because we all knew that, based on how famous I was at that point, I'd get free college anywhere just for the college's bragging rights.
"So, Kara, will you join my crew?"
She laughed and said, "Duh! Of course! What should I bring?"
"Clothes for a week, personal items - shampoo or whatever, a few nice cameras, maybe? SD cards so you can take a lot of pictures. Laptop, maybe, for taking notes, and some paper and pens, pencils, whatever. Food, snacks and meals, maybe frozen entrees, big sizes, we'll have like 8 people, so everyone should bring enough for themselves and more. Snacks. Textbooks if you want to study, we won't be busy all the time. Transit time to the moon is like 3 hours one way, at 1 g."
She hesitated, and said, "Oh... I didn't write that down."
Some girl behind her said, "I'm recording this, we can get it later."
Silently asking Pat, I got that girl's name. "Ellen, I would ask that this conversation be private between me and Kara? I don't want this video online. I don't know what kind of money I can make from owning this spaceship, but whatever it is, it's enough to be fair with you."
The girl pressed something on her phone and said, "Oh... Okay."
On the wall behind my phone, Pat put up the rest of Ellen's stats, and her friends' stats, too. They weren't in the same category as Kara's, so that was out.
I said, "Thank you, Ms. Browning. Please show the fact that you're deleting it to Kara? If you do, I'll try to swing it so you don't have to pay for college. Really, any of you in that room. I think NASA will help that much, and if not, I think I can help out."
They screamed, which made sense. Knowing how much Stanford cost, I'd have screamed, too.
Kara said, "Again, where should I be? You need an open area?"
"A parking lot is good, or dirt, or a lawn. Keep your phone with you, and bring a charger or two. Pile your stuff next to you close in, in bags if you can. If it's a big area, we can drop down. If not, we'll lift you in a sphere, it's comfy, Madison did it."
Mads cheerily added, "Oh, yeah, Kara, it's fun! Only a little scary, not bad."
Kara nodded. "9 am. I'll be..."
"We'll find your phone. Leave it on."
She nodded.
I said, "Oh, one more thing. I may have someone else call or text you that they're going to be there, too. I suspect a sample of moon rocks might pay for everyone's tuition, and we have some of those now. If not, we'll do something else."
"Okay."
"See you tomorrow."
We said our goodbyes and I immediately said, "Pat, call Stanford University's chancellor."
Ring.
She answered, we went through a no-you-aren't yes-I-am thing about me really being me.
Kind of funny, I thought.
I had Pat turn on her TV, and then change her smartwatch face to read, "Yes, actually, I am Kevin Cooper".
She finally believed me.
I said, "I'm coming back from the moon right now. I have some moon rocks. I'm willing to give you a sphere, basketball sized, maybe 10 kg, for research purposes. Could I sell it to you, for the cost of, say, twelve student tuitions, four years, so, a total of maybe 200 paid semesters? Existing students?"
She hemmed and hawed a moment, then did the math.
"I can throw in a visit if you like, a low-flyover of campus, maybe? Might be good for getting Stanford in the news."
"I'm afraid that would disrupt classes significantly, Mr. Cooper."
"Very well. Still, I may overfly anyway. I have to pick up some students. What about the tuitions?"
"Yes. I will commit that we will provide tuition for twelve students, four years each, for that material."
"Excellent." I told her Kara's name and the names of her friends. "Have someone at NASA Ames with a heavy pickup truck by tonight about 10 pm. Might want to get there early."
"That soon?"
"Flight time is about 3 hours, we will be leaving the Moon soon."
"Okay?"
We hung up and I told Pat to send a text message to the directors of NASA and NASA-Ames that four of the balls (I was generous) we would be delivering would be, "reserved for Stanford University, they should be sending a truck, ask their Chancellor."
That done, we made some more phone calls.
These went very similar to the first one to Kara, though in order to get the 4 girls I wanted, I had to make six phone calls, two of them were not interested or just thought I was making a prank call.
By this time, the core sample machinery had been made and used, we had it all onboard, everything was loaded, and we took off again.
== CHAPTER: Crew Quarters ==
Looking down (via a video feed), there wasn't much if any dust disturbed by us moving. Whatever the ship used as propulsion, it wasn't a reaction thruster.
We headed out, but just as we took off I remembered we could use the video, so I took out my cellphone to record video from the surface as we flew over.
Arching out, we accelerated away, heading back to Earth and home.
Time computations were tricky, and I didn't have a wall clock, so... we'd left Modesto at 11, 3 hours to the Moon made it 2 pm, 3 hours here, 5 pm... we'd get there at about 8...
I was being stupid. "Pat, from now on, make a display on the top left of each wall in here? Ship's time is Modesto time, plus, say, D.C., London, and Sydney Australia."
Pat did, and I played around until I had a simplified world-map under it with timezones and what part was in sunlight. Part of the data feed showed me Earth's tilt meant Sydney had longer days than anchorage at the moment.
Mads watched this. We talked about how two simple things together were at first jarring but then after a while made more sense. We laughed both about India's on-the-half-hour (really!?) and China's only having one.
Our U.S.-centric ideas had to adjust, the world was complicated.
Standing there being proud of our map, I realized, meant we weren't doing other important things... but... what?
Get ready for guests! That would be useful prep.
I didn't want to always sleep in the control room.
Mads and I sat at the table and made a list of things we'd need if we were going to have a crew of 9. Pat put the list on the wall for us: Beds for everyone, dressers, clothing; 2 bathrooms with showers, a room with instruments to monitor what we were carrying, in case we were hauling something. Desks. Another big conference table for the storeroom, for packing or eating.
Mads asked, smiling, "Condoms?"
"No need for condoms. One of the things the ship's sensors tell me is about health." I remembered what I'd learned about her. "Reminds me, you have a sore spot in your back where... no, shoulder, in back, where you chipped your scapula a long time ago. It hurts when it rains?"
"How did you...?"
"Sensors. I thought it was cool so I looked closer."
She was suddenly nervous. "Anything... else?"
"Nope. Nothing bad. You ovulated two days ago. Either my sperm will fertilize that egg, or not."
She inhaled sharply, her eyes getting big. "And...?"
Her response was designed to be noncommittal, to read me out on what I wanted. I could tell she was super-nervous about the very idea of getting pregnant. I was sure she wanted to go to college. I had no desire to interrupt that, but at the same time, I knew she'd be a great mom. Somehow.
This whole thought process opened up to me, then Very Oddly, in my thought processes, it just closed down again.
It was like, it both was and wasn't part of my priorities.
I kind-of-had a quick intuition that Pat was influencing me. I'd have to watch that. Or, maybe Pat was just letting my inner desires bubble up, so I didn't live with the mentally unhealthy conflict of wanting something and not being able to admit it?
To cap this off, I added, "And, if so, we will celebrate. If not, we may try again, depending on what you want."
"Oh." She just kind of accepted that. I wondered how it was that she was being so calm.
Then, suddenly, other things seemed far more important to think about. In retrospect, YES, of course we were being influenced. At the time, my focus just shifted.
To help planning, I touched a wall and got a mind-dump of how we could reconfigure the interior. Another 2 bathrooms was easy, the ship's top half was volumetrically unfilled. Considering random accelerations, I elected to have the ship build bunk beds with padded walls, handholds, and restraint nets. The mattresses would come from Earth.
Describing this to Mads as I learned it, we learned Pat's custom regenerative-emulsifier toothpaste would also replace scar tissue with healthy young gum tissue. Another instrument, placed in the mouth for a minute, twice daily, would straighten and align teeth over the course of about a week.
Miracle items, I believed. But, Pat informed me, if any of them left the confines of the ship they would dissolve within an hour. Pat was big into ensuring some tech didn't leave the ship.
Preparation done, I head-nodded to the bed, maybe? I was horny!
Mads laughed, but took her clothes off, too, and I got to watch her moving, naked and beautiful.
Her triangle wasn't particularly well trimmed, and she did have some red bumps. I asked out loud, "Pat. Is there a way to keep pubic hair short and only where we want it, easily?"
Pat asked over the loudspeakers, "Please define parameters and growth patterns will be reset."
I said (somewhat more hesitantly than I'm describing here since I was figuring it out), "For me, my pubic hair should be a half-inch long, very thin and soft. It should be sparse or absent on my testicles, off my penis to right near the base, limited on my abdomen and legs to above my penis in a patch half the current area. No visible or long hair, or scratchy hair, in my butt crack or on my back in general."
I'd touched my butt hair, and having it was a hassle and made being clean odd. I had no idea why we had it. I was a little embarrassed to say anything in front of Mads, but then again, we were going to be near each other in close quarters.
Besides, I totally trusted her. It wasn't all logical. I both knew her and didn't know her, but the fact that she'd said she would 'obey', that counted for something?
Pat was influencing my opinion, I was sure of that.
Mads was laying flat on the bed, so I suggested I could help her by specifying her hair pattern, if she wanted to correct me.
She laughed and said, "Go for it."
I started in, clearly defining where the hair should and shouldn't grow. She watched and listened to me narrate with some bemusement.
I said, "Basically for Mads, mostly the same as for me. Above the cleft, a landing strip shape, 4 cm wide, ending 4 cm above the cleft, close-growing hair but very soft to the touch and sensitive. No other long or coarse pubic hair or butt hair. No underarm hair. No visible facial upper lip hair, or hair between the eyebrows as currently defined for standards of beauty. Decrease the growth rate of leg hair to 10% of current growth rate, and when it comes in, make it very light and soft. Make what's there fall out over the next two days or less, as long as there's no pain in that process."
Mads nodded in appreciation. I knew she would have cut in if she disagreed, but I had started to understand Pat's capabilities.
That was enough, and we got back to business. She bent over me, sucked me up to hardness, then lowered herself down to ride me cowgirl. I liked that.
I'd never asked how it was that she wasn't a virgin. I didn't feel a hymen break when I went in the first time, and she seemed to not be obviously inexperienced.
As she did, her breasts dangled again, and I got to play with them, teasing and lightly pull-turning the nipples, setting off all kinds of sensory nerve clusters I was happy to stimulate (Pat gave me insight on what was happening, which was both distracting and wonderful).
I just let her go on riding me, calmly loving the experience. Soon she came, screaming, on me, holding me tightly. I kept moving, pushing UP and IN her, even as she was coming, and that both helped her, and helped me too since I came a minute later.
We both came down from our highs, breathing hard and delighting in each other.
She lay on me until I got soft enough to slip out. As soon as I did, though, she pulled off and sank down my body to get her face over my dripping cock, sucking it into her mouth and licking it all clean.
Apparently, the 'obey' idea just kept going. I had no way of knowing if this was just her deciding to do something, or if she was now compelled to do what I said. I hoped it wasn't too much compulsion, since that might not be healthy if I accidentally said the wrong thing.
== CHAPTER: NASA Ames ==
I took a nap for about 2 hours, until I awoke to the sound of a chime. Pat said, "Please awaken. You might want to get dressed, also. We are entering low Earth orbit, 250 km, aligned to get us to San Francisco in about 20 minutes."
We got up and stretched.
With arms overhead groaning in a tall-stretch, my 'prominence' was stridently at 45-degrees.
Mads giggled and asked if it always did that, and I shrugged, "Morning wood isn't only for mornings."
She filed that away.
It would take us more than 20 minutes to get ready, so I asked for a higher / slower orbit, to give us both time to take showers, and get to Moffett-Ames in an hour instead, and asked Pat to text the NASA administrator, "ETA Moffett, 1 hour. Advise if problems."
Mads and I went in and shared the shower. I'd only tried this once, fast, with Alice, and it didn't work, since we were both rushed and it was nighttime and her shyness got in the way of having the bathroom lights on. We had to maneuver clumsily in the ultra-low light coming in under the bathroom door. With Mads, it was light and happy and I got to soap her boobs. Sweet!!
Thinking back, it was super-odd to take a shower with the lights off. I think the only reason it had worked with Alice was that when I used shampoo, I could navigate with my eyes closed.
Mads didn't have that hang-up. She seemed pretty happy to have some "help" (!yay!).
We got done and dressed again, and I asked Pat to come down over the Pacific and take our time getting to Ames.
Neither of us had clean clothes to put on after the shower, and Mads noted that we'd asked for some so maybe that would include underwear. I laughed and suggested maybe they would include some U.S. Army Official Use Only Government Issue Sexy Lingerie.
We laughed; she said it would just be the Victoria's Secret stuff, but only available in green or khaki and with a Bar-Code clearly screen-printed across the front.
I got into the pilot seat and Mads got to watch me pilot us down, though I was taking a big bunch of clues from Pat showing me thrust-vector and g-loads, along with how well I was doing in an amazing set of graphs and displays.
My big problem was talking with ATC (air traffic control) since I just knew I sounded like an idiot.
I didn't like sounding like an idiot.
I asked Pat, "Can you download big sets of data into my brain, and if you can, what are the side effects?"
Pat said, 'Yes. Small datasets. Pilot's license material will be quick and safe. An entire bachelor's degree would be inadvisable. Most humans only retain a small percentage of what they are taught. Remembering everything would be a burden and possibly damaging."
I asked just for the radio communication rules for pilots, since I was in the pilot's chair. Touching the sensor, the info flowed into me over the course of about a minute. Knowing this stuff was odd, it was a skill, not just knowledge. I couldn't adapt that fast, it was uncomfortable.
Calling up info on the wall-display, I selected the right frequency and keyed the mic. I realized, knowing the rules as, "Section A/7-b, 'pilots shall...'" stuff was NOT the same as having practice using it!
"Oakland Center, this is unlisted Bison-1-experimental, student pilot, over."
"Bison-1, say again? Oakland."
"Oakland Center, this is an unlisted flight, the USS Bison, designate me please as Bison-1, Experimental? I'm a Student Spacecraft pilot. Position 1,3,4 nautical miles due west of San Jose, flight level 995, repeat 9,9,5. Request clearance and approach for VFR to NASA-Ames. Bison-1."
There was a pause on the line. "Bison1, please confirm heading and turn on your transponder to squawk 668, if you have one. Oakland."
I asked Pat if we could create a transponder signal with 'Bison-1', and it turned out we could. I also told Pat to stop absorbing radar signals and reflect them back based on what would look normal for a giant cube-sized office tower. I wanted the ATC to see us on their radar.
It must have worked. Probably something about seeing us coming down fast convinced them that we actually were coming back from the Moon.
Leaving off where we were coming from, I said, "Oakland, this is Bison1, transponder created. Our heading is 090 due East, flight level now 9,9,0 descending ballistic. Ground speed 1,5,0 knots, airspeed 500 knots vertical. Can alter this if requested. Repeat, we're at... 98 thousand feet now. We will reach flight level 3,0 in several minutes, but I want to avoid cross traffic, especially heavies, if i can, sir. Apologies if I'm not doing this right, again, student pilot, experimental rocket - aircraft...uh, really spacecraft? Requesting a safe approach vector to avoid traffic. Bison-1."
There was another pause, then, "Bison-1, descend flight level 2-0, that's twenty thousand feet. When you get to the coast, drop maintain angels 8, that's 8 thousand feet, limit speed to 2-5-0, that's 250 knots. We will route around you. Oakland."
"Oakland, roger, descending F-L-2-0 speed 2-5-0, bearing 0-9-0 until coastline, descend to angels-8, speed 2-5-0, bearing 0-9-0 for approach to NASA Ames, confirm please, Bison-1."
I liked this! I almost knew what I was doing. Trouble was, there were so many ways to speak incorrectly, and that controller spoke so fast he was hard to understand.
They confirmed and we were silent again. Other people came on the frequency and were told to change frequencies, so I knew they were making an exception for me. I didn't like being a pain in the ass for them, so it would probably be a good idea for me to apply for a pilot's license when I could. Or, get a pilot?
Our altitude dropped steadily, and with it our weight came back. We started out supersonic but with deceleration we slowed as we approached the ground. Looked at from the side, our flight path was a sloping L Since once we were down far enough we just leveled out.
The heads-up display I had in the pilot's seat had many windows with different views, mostly to let me know where everyone else was, since I didn't want to run into anyone.
Over land, and then over the bay, I curved south and came up to the Ames runways.
We were popular.
Portable light stands had been set up and focused onto the field. I said, "Pat, are there any weapons directed at us now?"
"Yes. There are 3 groups of ten 155-mm howitzer cannons each focused on the area they have designated as our landing position. Further, two B-2 stealth bombers are flying low and slow in different patterns out about 20 miles, each with two W-44 ten megaton nuclear warheads on SLAM missiles. There are sixteen F-35 fighters flying what they call high air cover, fully loaded with Hellfire air-to-ground missiles, as well as some air-to-air ordnance. Their orders are to look for unfriendly aircraft of other nations, but also on the ready in case we turn out to be hostile."
I gulped.
Pat continued, "Around the field, newly driven in over the last 2 hours, are 14 M-1B Abrams tanks, already loaded with a variety of HEAT, incendiary, and standard shells. Crews are on standby. All the infantry on the tarmac are armed, about 100 of them, some with man-pads and Javelin shoulder-fired anti-tank weapons, but most are focused away from our landing position and are ready for someone else to attack us."
Looking over at Mads, I could see she wasn't happy about the military focus. I said, "Pat, how much of that firepower could the shields protect us from?"
"All of it, easily, provided you are inside this ship. We would suffer no damage. Two or more simultaneous nuclear weapons would multiply damage effects to San Francisco but, again, leave us undamaged. This presumes the weapons activate, which they would not. I would default to quickly intercepting or destroying any weapon before it could explode, unless your plans would be safer."
"Let's land, then. Please take us in slowly so people get used to us, I don't want surprises. Land right where we're supposed to, about 20% south of the runway numbers, where they've put up the cones. If there's a problem, protect the ship and if possible, any innocent bystanders."
"Understood."
Gently, slowly, we came in and dropped gradually into the large ring of construction cones.
Touching down, I felt we could probably relax a little. Half of the tanks rotated turrets to face away from the ship in all directions, usually towards where traffic flowed.
A single humvee drove up 50 meters from the ship and stopped. Three people got out, wearing active-duty military uniforms, not dress uniforms. This wasn't ceremonial, I got the feeling.
I said, "Mads? Let's go." We got up and went downstairs (a lot of the ship really did resemble an office building), and out to the 'vehicle garage door' entrance. "Pat, let's keep our shields ready, but let these people inside. Mads, can you invite them in? I want us to stay inside the ship, for safety."
Pat said, "I have put a 'please come in' sign on the wall of the ship, and an arrow pointing at our wide cargo door."
"Fun."
Pat didn't know 'fun', but I did. It really was kind of cool to be able to have a giant video display on the side of the ship.
They came in, and I held out my hand to shake.
The lead guy was kind of old, gray hair and eyes that said he'd seen shit. He had a single star on his shoulder boards, so I knew he had to be a general. I wasn't up on military rank insignias, but I knew that much.
The second one had a bird on each shoulder, and I guessed that meant he was a 'full bird colonel'. They introduced themselves as General Schmidt and Colonel Davis. We shook hands.
The third person was a lady, my mother's age. She looked fit, though. She was very friendly, and said, "Mr. Cooper?! I'm Dr. Marge Davis, no relation to the Colonel here. I'm with NASA, I've been studying moon rocks for a long time."
I ushered them over to the wide basketball-pyramid (think, display of oranges in a fancy grocery store) the small robots had piled up. I explained that they'd been made by fusing the outside with heat, but that the inside remained in vacuum and with all the regolith dust intact.
Dr. Davis wanted to know how I did that, but I just said, "Can't say yet. Trying to keep some secrets. Maybe later."
We all agreed that it would take a bunch of people to load these things, and there might be problems with them. I suggested I could have the ship put them in the grass by the side of the runway, and they could move them more later.
The eye-raising prompted me to say, "No, really! Watch."
I had them step back, then (silently) asked Pat to move the balls via force-field to be piled in the grass, and Pat did exactly that, a fast steady stream of them.
The process was otherworldly and might have freaked out our guests, insofar as a general can be freaked out, which means eyes showing significant concern.
He said, "You have a lot of technology on your hands, son. You're awfully young to have that kind of power."
I sighed, "Yes I am. Got that one right, sir. Kinda fell into this situation, but it's turning out okay."
"I can see some broad use-cases for this kind of capability."
"No military or dual-use, General. For any nation. Peaceful only. Rules of the ship."
It was close to 10 pm, and I was tired despite my nap. The offloading was proceeding fast, one ball every second or so.
Marge wanted to know some things, so I promised to send her some pictures of where we got the samples. Pat knew her email address, and while we were standing there, Pat enqueued a few of the photos Mads and I had taken.
"Marge, question. I want to pay off my mom's house and stuff. What do you think pictures like these are worth? I think I'd like to sell them...?"
At the question of money, the General and Colonel's eyes got big and I saw a grimace like they knew the subject was radioactive, and walked off to a distance to talk together.
Marge's reaction was to laugh, and she waited for them to walk away, leaving Mads, Marge, and I standing in the emptying cargo bay.
Marge said, "Kevin, you're gonna need a LOT more money than that. I suspect... I shouldn't say this as a government agent on federal property... Tell you what. I can tell you some things, maybe, but it has to be on my own time. Call my personal cell at ____, oh, maybe two hours from now? I can tell you some things as a private citizen."
We motioned the men back over, and it looked like we were about to leave. The General said, "Mr. Cooper. I 'heard a rumor'."
"Yeah?"
"The rumor is, and I wouldn't know anything about it, I'm not a lawyer, but acting as a pilot, when you're not a pilot, might be a federal crime. Also, failure to get an airworthiness certificate from the FAA or military, or ...any number of things. The fact that you just handed off about ... Oh, what's the rumor, Ted? Maybe $40 billion of Moon rocks? That might work in your favor, but... still. It's an interesting rumor. Someone hearing that rumor might want to seek legal advice, somewhere. What kind of law firm, can you speculate, Ted, might be able to help with that kind of situation, maybe?"
Ted was holding a sly grin, we were all pretending. "Hypothetically, General, well, I really hesitate to engage in speculation. My wife, though, she'd love this. She'd speculate all over the place. She'd say phrases like, 'white shoe firm' and 'washington DC' and 'K street' and 'Danzinger', but I don't know what those words really mean, my memory is really faulty. And, as a government employee, I can't recommend anything related to the private sector since that would violate all sorts of procurement rules."
We were all smiling.
We shook hands, and as we did, I said, "General. We need to get some sleep. I'm wondering if I could borrow some uniforms? You call them BDU's? A variety of sizes, and some MRE's? We're really hungry, and ... I can pay you back, if it's a loan to buy the stuff? I need a change of clothes, as does Madison, here, and ... we .... Yeah. Maybe, before morning?"
The General got his radio out and said, "Melker, come on in. Bring a pad of paper."
"Sir."
We saw a guy jogging up from where the outer row of humvee's were, a little more distant.
As he came up, pen and paper ready, the General said quickly (orders, not a request), "Melker. Get to the quartermaster, Fast. I need all of this billed to my personal account. I'm going to purchase, and he's going to BORROW, got it? Three sets ACU's for Cooper. 3 sets ACU's for Ms. Charles. Make that 3 times 3, arctic, desert, jungle, FULL billet. ALL the field kit, spare Nothing. Shoe sizes, sir, ma'am?"
"Me? 11 and a half. Mads?"
"Nine"
"Pack it up. Add two man-months of MRE's, field kit, mess kit, medical kits, big, small, everything. Survival gear, cold weather. Tents. No sidearms or weapons, explosives, anything dual use. Box it, get it into duffels. Bring a company, maybe MP's, with you. Back here, piled in front of the Bison here, two hours. Go."
Melker ran off, waving a circle over his head as he ran up to a group of ten or so MP's. They huddled, and I wondered what kind of activity this request would generate behind the scenes.
The General grinned at us, including Colonel Davis, "Now, you should know - I'm in on the scuttlebutt about tomorrow where you're going in Modesto. You asked for a bunch of furniture and uniforms, delivered there tomorrow, right?"
We nodded, he was having fun telling us this and it was fun to listen to.
"It's kind of an exercise in kick-your-neighbor, between the branches. There was a HUGE, uh, 'debate'. A bunch of the guys in the room at the Alice Peterson house, they were ex-Navy, a lot of the FBI are, and there was one NCIS guy, too. But, one was ex-Coast Guard. That debate kept going, and pretty soon, you Just Don't Understand - it snowballed. Wacko politics. Each branch is trying to give you clothes, in their colors. Joint Chiefs, they appointed a 'Bison Czar'. With the women going, they needed female uniforms, right?"
We nodded, like that was obvious.
"So, each of the women going, are getting three week's worth of uniforms in each branch's colors - Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, Space Force. Free of charge, courtesy of Uncle Sam."
It dawned on me what I'd asked for. "And, for me?"
"You're included in that, yeah, of course, 3 weeks for everyone."
I laughed, "Fighting over uniforms!"
"There's a certain matter of national pride here, son, ma'am. Plus, it seemed prudent to... I hope I'm not speaking out of turn, to 'reinforce' your sense of being an American, as opposed to..."
"I'm still an American, sir.' I was falling into the Army lingo, calling him sir. "I just have, uh, a responsibility to the human race, now, too, I think."
They both nodded, like they understood that it was complicated.
I changed the subject. "I'm picking up several more traveling companions than you know about, from ... around. I'll certainly need some extra uniforms for them, too. Additional, that is, to the ones in Modesto."
The General started chuckling, looking up and imagining something, like this was going to cause internal strife I didn't know about. He put words to it, "Okay, then. More is fine, whatever you need, I guess. Should I tell anyone? I'm under orders to file a complete report to the President, so..."
"Of course, tell them. We'll need clothes for them, too, maybe 10 more sets? I don't know how many I'm picking up exactly, they may decide to no-show since flying off in an alien spaceship might frighten them away. Plus, we don't have washing machines. I don't even know if the ship can create one..."
"It can make things?"
"Simple stuff, yeah, somehow. But, I doubt... I don't know yet. I'm figuring this out."
Behind the General, I realized there was a buzz of activity.
I added, "So, when I asked you for clothes, tonight? Is this... going to upset the balance?"
The Colonel answered first, smiling like he liked it, "Definitely! Though nothing you should be concerned with. From my perspective - I love it! You were clear. We had no choice but to give you what you asked for, and the other services can bite me. Sorry, ma'am."
Mads was smiling. The idea of being offended by an insult was funny.
The General piped in, squinting with the situation again, "Gotta say, though, let's get back to brass tacks. This is serious business, what you're doing. Monumental, for the world, for mankind, for our place in the universe. At the same time, the amount of time devoted to petty crap about what colors the uniforms are? Great fun, son. Pinella's gonna go apeshit trying to figure out a way to restore balance on this thing, but you just gave the Army an edge. Thank you."
"Didn't mean to. I only asked for military uniforms because I didn't want to spell out all the items of clothing separately, it just seemed... prudent? I'm not regarding anything I'm doing as 'miliary' per se. I'm ... not into violence."
His smile and twinkling eyes went with an evenly stated, "I will note that in my report. My profile on you reads that way, too."
The colonel asked, "Can you tell us anything about how you came to be on this?"
I shook my head, "Not really. Not right now, at least."
The General asked, "So, you plan to park here until morning? Any special needs other than the clothes and gear?"
"That's the plan. Gear is great! We'll probably be gone by 9 am, probably, to get to Modesto."
He got a little serious, "There might be external security threats against your ship, son. Are you prepared to leave quickly, in case there's a problem, or should we be prepared to defend you for an extended period?"
"We can and would leave quickly, if needed. Thank you for your help." I kept quiet about being impervious to their (and other's) weapons.
At the general's hand motion back to the group by the vehicles, a lieutenant (oak clusters - I did know some things!) came running up with an expensive looking camera. "Pics now, sir?"
"Yes."
We all stood in line and got some pics.
The Lieutenant asked, "Do I have permission to publish these pictures in the Army Times?"
I looked over, "Mads?"
"I don't look my best."
I laughed, "We've been to the Moon. It's okay."
"Then, fine"
"Ma'am? I can retouch them, if you like?"
I interrupted, "No retouching, she is absolutely beautiful the way she is. And, mighty smart, too, so, I'm lucky to have her along."
"Can I quote you on that, sir?"
"Uh... yeah. Sure. Just... don't ask me to compare the people I've chosen to be traveling companions, uh, crew, sort of. I chose them for exceptional intelligence and insight. Their attractiveness is almost, but not quite, irrelevant. You can quote me on that, I think."
I looked over at the General. He was eyeing me. "You know, you're going to get these women in trouble - there's a presumption going on, I think."
"I can't help what people think. It is kind of cramped up there, and like I said, not much privacy. I think we'll respect each other and keep it professional, mostly."
"Another quote, sir?"
I was finding the lieutenant to be increasingly annoying. "I guess, but my goal is to not have those overtones. No presumptions are valid. These women are crew, first and foremost."
We tied it up and shook hands, got some more pictures of us all standing there, and they left.
Mads and I went upstairs, shutting the cargo bay doors behind us. Per Pat, we were bulletproof anyway, but having closed doors seemed better, somehow.
In the control room, I looked out over the tactical situation, as they say in Call of Duty. Some boats in the San Francisco Bay had congregated, but they were all small craft that wanted a peek. Traffic on the 101 was totally backed up as people had just stopped to look. I realized I was making a spectacle, but where was I supposed to go?
Mads and I were hungry. I'd had 3 burgers since the morning but it wasn't enough, and we'd had some excitement, too.
Still, we had to wait.
With time to kill, she and I did some route planning for the next day, and it occurred to me that having a pilot onboard might be a good plan. We did have quite a few pickups to make - first at 8 am at Alice's, then Stanford at 9, at Berkeley between 9 and 10 for a few people, and then to Boston by 11.
Boston might be complicated. The pilot idea started sounding better, and Mads agreed.
"Pat. Using the criteria I had for traveling companions, can you find me an unmarried female pilot, qualified on several aircraft types and ex-military, well below age 35? Combination of piloting experience, education, physical fitness, plus all the other previous criteria?"
The screen showed two sections, one for U.S. citizens, with over 400 results.
"Background checks on the top 10?"
Four came back as in committed but unmarried relationships, and one actually had a stalker so she was trying to stay anonymous.
I wasn't into breaking up relationships, but I figured I might want to employ two so they could trade off. Still, one would be good to start, and she might have opinions on the requirements for the second one, if she lacked some talent or training.
The topmost person in California was a 31 year old USMC pilot, retired, in San Diego. I called her.
Ring. Ring. "Hello?"
"Captain Janice Watkins, USMC? This is Kevin Cooper. No, this isn't a joke."
"Oh my god!"
I waited a moment. "Can we go to a video call?"
Sounding more calm, she said, "Sure."
She paused, and her image appeared on the wall in front of us, and our image appeared in the selfie-window.
She was wearing a green t-shirt and standing in a dining room, it looked like. On my wall, her cell phone video appeared alongside another window showing the video from her computer's webcam, then another video link that showed the view from what was probably a home security camera on a high shelf behind her.
Pat could do fun stuff.
"Sir. What can I do for you?"
"I need a pilot, with flight experience in lots of different kinds of aircraft. They have to know what both FAA and military procedures are, so I don't get in trouble. I'd like to hire you, at whatever pay rate you think is reasonable. Name your price. You'd live onboard my spacecraft, free to leave at any time."
"Uh... You'd want a pilot? You're already a pilot, right?"
I chuckled, "Uh... No. Sorta. I'm a high school student. I just happen to own a giant alien spacecraft. So, yeah, like I said, a sort-of a pilot. But really, I'd like to not get in trouble with the law, and I suspect the law is that I gotta have someone aboard who's a pilot. There's probably lots of FAA rules I'm breaking, and I want to do things the 'right' way."
She paused for a moment to let it sink in.
"You want ... me. For this...?"
I pointed to Madison, standing next to me. "You wouldn't be alone. I have Madison with me."
Maddie said cheerfully, "Hi! People call me Mads."
"Hello? This is so bizarre, ma'am."
"Tell me about it! And, I'm not a 'ma'am', I'm 18. I was in class, in high school, this morning."
She laughed, "Kind of a busy day for you. To the moon and back."
Mads gushed. "It's SOOOOO cool!!! We'll probably go back pretty soon. You're welcome to join us."
"What would I be doing again, sir?"
"Just be the person here who knows how pilots are supposed to talk on the radio. Maybe take over the controls in a limited capacity for some durations, so I can sleep. Oh, and, the mundane stuff I'm clueless about, like, uh, filing flight plans? What frequencies to use? I think I sound like an idiot on the radio. Probably it's 'cuz I _am_ an idiot."
"I doubt that."
Mads piped up, "He's really smart, Ms. Watkins. Don't let him fool you."
I interrupted, "I'm not trying to fool anyone, Mads. I am pretending to be humble, I guess, sometimes I'm kind of full of myself, I shouldn't be, I'm sorry. I'm kind of putting you on the spot. I have sooooo much to learn. So, yeah, I'm an idiot right now. An ignoramus, really. I think I can probably pay you a good rate, Ms. Watkins, as soon as I figure out how to make money from this deal. Maybe you get a trip to the moon or two out of it, too."
Her smile started to brighten significantly as it dawned on her that this was realistic.
"Are you interested?"
"Yes?!?!"
"Okay. So, the caveats. I can't pay you for a couple of weeks, probably, until I get some income. I have to figure out how to convert _having_ a spacecraft, to _running_ a spacecraft-business. Maybe you can suggest some ways to make money."
She got a gleam in her eye, "I can think of a few."
"Well, don't tell me yet. I still have to tell you the downsides."
"Riding around in an alien spacecraft, jaunting into orbit and back? Uh, okay?"
"Limited privacy around here. Frankly, there might be nudity almost anytime. I'm not very shy, and Mads isn't either, and there's gonna be about 7 or 8 more crew, all women."
"So... you're ... "
"In an anime world, I'd be harem-building. But, you're not on the list, you're the 'grown up'. You're older than me, so that means you stop in every once in a while, make a withering comment, and I get so embarrassed I sprout a pyroclastic nosebleed."
('pyroclastic nosebleed' was a friend of mine's word for it, I'd stolen that phrase, it captures the spirit of visuals nicely)
She laughed her head off at this. Apparently she'd seen some anime.
After she stopped laughing, she said, "Mr. Cooper, as long as I'm not part of the harem. I just got over a relationship, I'm not doing that again for a while."
"Cool by me. It's a job. Workplace rules, mostly."
Her eyes went sideways, considering something,
I added,"So - I'd offer to come pick you up, but... I'm parked at Moffat, at NASA-Ames."
"Saw that on the news. Flown there several times. Marines."
I looked at the time, "It's almost midnight. We're 'wheels up' about 8 am? Not sure? No real way for you to drive here. I could come and get you, if you like? That lets you get some sleep tonight, and pack."
"How long should I pack for?"
"Figure a week. Don't know. I might get grounded if the FAA doesn't certify me. Maybe. Not sure yet. I have to hire some lawyers, I think."
"How do I get there, then? On TV it was a circus outside the gates."
"Hold on. Just listen in, I'm going to ask a question. Pat, conference-in General Schmidt to this call."
It rang, he picked up immediately. "Schmidt."
"It's Kevin Cooper. Quick question."
"Shoot."
"I need to get a retired USMC pilot from San Diego, here, in the next few hours. How hard is that?"
He laughed, "Well, since you are both civilians, normally, I'd suggest finding a red-eye that gets here in the morning. But - and this is a big one - I've been ordered by President Ortiz to give you 'all aid and assistance it's in my power to give, as a matter of national pride', so you're in luck."
"Excellent. USMC Captain Janice Watkins is on the call here with us. Jan, say hello?"
"Hello, General, pleased to meet you."
"And you, ma'am. I'm having my aide look you up now. You're in San Diego, he said? Anywhere near MCAS Miramar?"
"Just outside base, sir."
"When you're ready, walk or get a cab to the main gate, it'll be reimbursed or paid by the gate guard. Bring your ID. The guard will escort you to an aircraft. You'll be wheels up soon after that. Kevin, she'll have to land here, I'll get clearances set up, it'll probably be a Gulfstream business jet, maybe a fast mover, not sure. USMC markings."
"Sounds good, sir, thanks."
"Oh - and Mr. Cooper, your equipment is almost ready. Waiting on one last package. Tell you what. Just take in what you've got so far on the tarmac, I'll have Captain Watkins bring the last package when she arrives. Her flight time will be about an hour after she arrives at Miramar."
"Thank you, General."
"You're welcome, Mr. Cooper. There's also some hot food on the tarmac outside, you mentioned you were hungry earlier, you might want to bring it inside soon."
We said goodbyes to the General and Captain Watkins.
"Pat, bring the bins with our stuff in the cargo bay, please, and then have what's in them brought up to one of the rooms on this floor? Careful, if there's hot food, it might spill."
"Noted. ETA 10 minutes."
"Pat, send everyone who's supposed to be ready tomorrow a text message of, quote, looking forward to seeing you tomorrow. We now have a Marine Corps pilot to help out. A bit more organized, unquote. That's it, send it."
We went into the hallway outside the bridge and saw bunches of items floating in a line up the stairwell and into the room, filling up the floor of an otherwise empty 20 ft. x 20 ft room (7 meters). As soon as Pat told me that was it, we went in and found the 'hot food' was a shrink-wrapped set of 10 pizza boxes, full and warm, a bunch of soda, and what would have been two pallets of boxes marked "MRE - 20cnt"
Mads and I had some 'za, and, sated, we started going through the stuff, sorting and piling up boxes into clothing and other stuff like tents and sleeping bags.
I had no idea when I'd need a tent, but, then again, why not.
Finally, I got to a duffel bag - cylindrical and over a meter long - with 'Cooper' written neatly on the side, and another one marked, "Charles", Maddie's last name.
Maddie and I took those off to the side and opened them up. Inside we had shrink-wrapped underwear, socks, combat / hiking boots, belt, t-shirts, ACU "blouse" and pants, etc. I quickly changed into it since somehow my clothes felt more dirty on me than they should have. I'd only worn them one day, but we had done some working out, bouncing those balls around the Moon surface, made us both sweat some.
We looked pretty smart in the uniforms.
Mads asked, "When do you think Jan will get here?"
"Pat, when will Jan get here? And, if Mads asks an ETA question, feel free to answer."
Pat said, "Mads, Jan will arrive in 14 minutes."
"That fast?"
"Her aircraft is flying near to its maximum sustained cruise speed."
I laughed, and Mads looked at me funny.
I said, imagining the scene vividly, "So. You're a marine pilot, on Ready standby. Orders come in from WAY up, Get This Person to Frisco, Fast. Said person is also a USMC pilot. So, speed is unlimited. You normally don't get to fly supersonic anywhere over the continental US, so this can get Fun. Do you travel slowly? No fuckin' way!" The implications of what that meant to the pilot was funny to contemplate.
Mads laughed too, and asked, "Really? They're supersonic?"
I shrugged, "Does it matter?"
"Pat, where are they now?"
"Jan's plane is over Pescadero and slowing for approach. The plane will require several minutes of taxiing to get to the Bison."
This was the first time I'd heard the ship refer to itself as the Bison.
I remembered we had one more call to make for the night. "Pat, find the law firm called Danzinger, a 'white shoe' firm in the DC area?"
Mads and I walked back to the bridge where we had a table.
Pat answered, "I have contact info for the senior partners."
"Who would you advise I call there?"
"I have no basis for that choice."
"Can you figure out if any of the listed partners are still awake?"
"Alvin Harrison, a senior partner, is awake, based on his movement patterns. It is 3 am there. It is likely he is using the restroom."
Mads and I laughed.
"Send him a text. Quote, "Sir. My name is Kevin Cooper. You've seen me in the news. I would like to discuss hiring your firm for legal work. Apologies for the late hour. Please call me sometime after 10 am pacific tomorrow, unquote. Pat, tell me how he responds to this, can you tell?"
Inside my head, I heard Pat say, "Please be advised, finding out more might invade his privacy, as a matter of national law. There is no clear safety justification for this type of wiretap. Do you still wish to listen in on his conversations?"
Pat being aware of the ethics on this was amusing to me, and enlightening.
Out loud, I said, "On second thought, strike that. I don't need to know."
Mads heard the request and I think she was interested in Pat's ability to spy on people.
The on-screen situational display showed a plane marked with a tail number and 'Type: Gulfstream 550' landing on the runway next to us. So, not a supersonic aircraft, alas. We watched as it braked fast, took the first turn, and taxied up to us. Several people got out, and the people there saluted the one that was a lady in a darker blue-green uniform.
She walked towards us, a big hiking backpack over her shoulder, and pulling a large wheeled second bag.
I wondered what kinds of things they had in that bag.
"Pat, please scan those items and report on anything out of the ordinary."
"Captain Watkins has two bags. Odd items in the backpack include a Marine-survival life-raft, self-inflating. Putting it in the water deploys it and activates an emergency beacon. The second bag has a set of ten GPS devices, hand-held, with emergency beacons. The second bag also contains Captain Watkins' standard-issue USMC sidearm, a 9mm Sig Sauer M18, holstered, with a trigger lock attached. It is not loaded, but she has 3 loaded clips in a separate locked case."
"Very good. Open the door for her." Thinking for a moment, I added, "Advise me immediately if she ever unlocks those, or attempts to use them."
"Noted."
We went down the stairs to be there.
She came in the open door and walked up to us, dropping her bags with a giant smile and an obvious sense of relief. "Permission to come aboard, sir?"
"Permission granted?" That felt grown-up to say out loud and I kind of smiled. "Thank you for coming on such short notice."
"I take it you're paying me, so, yeah, but frankly, just getting to be aboard this is amazing."
"Pat, close the garage door."
We watched it close.
"Jan, drop your pack, wanna show you something."
She did, and I said out loud, "Pat, float the bag behind us?"
The bag rose in a spherical force-field, and Jan watched it, confused.
"Fun stuff. Let's go upstairs."
We walked up, Jan behind me, Mads taking up the rear.
Breaking the tension about the floating bag, I asked, "So, did you eat en-route?"
"No, sir."
"Pizza first, then."
We went to the storage room first (it was on the way), and I pointed at having some stuff so far, but there was still a lot of open space.
Jan was mostly quiet, just looking around and taking it all in, munching on pizza but with a brain moving a mile a minute, I was sure.
We moved to the bridge and I motioned for us to sit at the table.
We chatted for a while, until I noticed it was after 1 am. I was tired. Mads wanted some sleep, too.
Pat spoke silently into my ear and said, "One additional mattress has been placed in the first room past the bridge."
We did our bathroom visits, and I told Jan she could get some sleep, we'd wake up at 7 am and shower, we needed to be in Modesto at 8.
She nodded like this was expected, and we all bedded down for the night.
I got naked and in bed with Mads (happily with some covers added) but honestly I was so tired I didn't worry about having sex, mostly I just wanted to sleep. As I lay down, I said, "Mads, some part of me is freaking out that we Could Have SEX, but what I really want is sleep, and it's very very odd. Sorry to disappoint you, but... I gotta crash so we don't crash."
She laughed.
This decision amazed me and yet made perfect sense.
== ==
Waking up to the sound of a chime (in my head only? The room? I couldn't tell) and increasing room lights, I looked over at Mads, who was just waking up, too, mostly from my moving.
"Time to get up, Mads."
"Mrrrmmm... Okay?" She sat up, her boobs shaking delightfully.
I bent over quickly and kissed the top of one (not the nipple) and said, "Mmm. A touch of soft beauty."
"Urnmmm...." She was waking up, too. "Thank you?"
My happy mood extended as we crawled out of bed. I looked around and remembered what we were going to be doing soon - picking up people, lots of complicated maneuvers. The question was, should I get dressed first?
I definitely had morning wood, but I had an overpowering need to stretch, arms overhead, groaning in the process in a way that my dad had always done, once upon a time.
Mads waited for me to finish, and kissed my cheek, just in time to see Jan walk in the open bridge door.
Her eyes definitely passed over my hard-on but she kept on walking, ignoring it, but chuckling. She greeted me with a businesslike, "Good Morning, Mr. Cooper."
"Good morning."
I grabbed my clothes from the floor and headed to the bathroom for a shower, Mads behind me. We finished pretty quickly, though I didn't have any shave gel, that was probably in one of the bags we'd gotten last night and I hadn't worried about yet. The ship had made a great replica bathroom, complete with soap and shampoo, and toothbrushes and toothpaste, but no shave gel, for some reason.
Ug.
We dressed and went back in, to find Jan sitting at our table reading a manual labeled, "NASA / INTSO / International Space Operations / Verbal Communications Standards"
It could have been written decades ago - the cover had a space shuttle on it, but what the heck.
There were several boxes by the side of the table, including some pizza boxes. I opened one and got a slice of deep dish everything. "What's up?"
She said, "Just reading up. I hope you don't expect me to fly this thing this morning."
"Dunno if I can, or want that, right away. I'm the pilot, I need a comms officer first."
Her face brightened, "Sounds great! Happy to be here. At the risk of working myself out of a job, I'll explain anything you want and hope you'll find more work for me to do."
I laughed, "Sounds fine. Sorry about the nudity earlier."
"Marine corps, sir. Not a problem. Happenstance. Now, if you had wanted to 'get busy', well, then, it better be consensual or we're gonna have a problem."
I laughed, "No worries there - the opposite, actually - you might have to break up a fight. My girlfriend Alice is coming aboard, with several other girls, and I've been, well, busy, with Mads, here. Most of yesterday. I'm not going to make a secret of it. Secrets kill things. If I learned anything from harem anime, it's that."
She nodded like that was a normal thing to say and we all munched away on our 'za.
After a pause, I asked out loud, "Pat? Can you put up a potential flight plan for us, to Alice's house? Tell Jan everything she needs to know for navigation and comms."
A satellite photo of the area appeared on the wall/screen with dots for Moffet and Modesto.
Jan asked, "Almost. I need a standard commercial aeronautical chart from the ocean to east of Modesto 20 km, north to Oakland and south past San Jose Airport."
Exactly what she asked for appeared on the wall, based on her appreciation of it. I hadn't seen so many special symbols before, it was kind of cool to look at.
She said, "Shall we go? It's about a half-hour flight time over there, if you're going to respect speed constraints."
I got in the pilot chair and felt myself sink into the gripping cushions. Jan watched me, fascinated, and I could even see Mads (who had seen this several times before) continue to be fascinated by the process.
Jan called out, "I need a radio control like... heck, an MGL Razor? Can you do that?"
Pat replied out loud, "Yes," and put a picture on the front wall that looked like the front of an aircraft radio, I guessed at least, but it had to be way larger than normal.
"Great!! Wow - I could get used to this! Do I ... push the wall? Twist?"
Pat replied, "Touch the knob in two places to turn it. Push the button-images to talk."
"Excellent." She turned to a frequency she found on the chart and said, "Moffett Tower, this is ..."
I filled in for her, "Bison-1-experimental."
"...Bison-1-experimental, requesting departure clearance, ready at runway 14L."
"Bison-1, you have not filed a flight plan, please advise. Moffett."
"Moffett, VFR eastbound over the central valley, sightseeing. Request takeoff vector, Bison-1."
"Bison1, depart 3-2-0, climb 5 degree bubble, ascend flight level 0-2-5. At 5 miles, bear right 0-9-0, ascend maintain angels six over terrain. Recommend airspeeds below 2-5-0 knots. Cleared for takeoff. Moffett."
She repeated it back and thanked him. To me she asked if I got what she was talking about. I did, so we took off. There was a huge crowd gathered on the freeway near us, still, and the remote video feed window picked up car horns honking.
Our ship was a building that went up like a brick doesn't.
Adding some speed, we went out over the bay, turned right, went over the mountains, and could see it all. Pat (at the request of Jan), turned the walls into displays of what was on all sides of us, like we were in a glass-walled room.
I totally should have done that all the time we were flying around, the Earth is freakishly beautiful.
== CHAPTER: Cruisin' Fer Chicks ==
Slowing down so we'd arrive at Alice's exactly at 8 am, I noticed quite a few helicopters in the air around us.
Jan said, "Pat, simulcast on all these frequencies..." She picked several from a list on the wall.
"Done."
Jan pressed the talk-button and was firm in her voice. She'd already spoken with Modesto airport conversationally, but this was different.
"Bison-1-Experimental, to all aircraft VFR and IFR, Modesto city limits plus 3 miles..." She repeated that, then paused slightly.
She continued, speaking with some deliberation, "Be aware, NOTAM-dash-N, W1484-slash-22, X-X. All non-essential VFR traffic to clear Modesto airspace effective immediately, National Security. This includes fixed and rotary wing. Overflights are NOT granted. Clear off, people. Notice is hereby issued. Again, Modesto city limits plus 3 miles, clear out. NOTAM-N, national security. You have 3 minutes to vacate or you will be met at your landing site for debrief. Recommend simultaneous departures north to avoid mid-airs. Bison-1."
Every single helicopter immediately left, heading north. There were at least 6 of them, I counted.
She let go of the key, grinned, and said, "We'll have no troubles."
I had definitions in my head from Pat, so I asked, "I didn't know you could issue a NOTAM."
She raised an eyebrow, but then nodded, "Got permission last night. The FAA chairman called me on the plane, wild stuff. He gave me lots of special permissions. He wants me to spy on you, too. Kind of funny. Like I report to him." She chortled. "Unit Corps God Country does not include the fuckin' FAA. Plus, I'm retired."
We both laughed.
Getting closer, we could see in a zoomed-in window on the left wall, Alice's house, her whole block, really, was surrounded by military trucks - hummvee's and deuce-and-a-halfs. Lots of traffic cones had been set up, though, pointing in arrow-shapes visible from above.
They pointed down the block from her house to a nearby reasonably-large city-block-sized city park (I'd been there, it was familiar). There was a baseball diamond with the cones around it, and a group of people standing off to the side.
After clearing with Pat that there weren't too many weapons pointed at us, we headed where they wanted.
It wasn't a secret where the landing spot was supposed to be. They'd used baseball chalk to make concentric circles and arrows. I had to laugh. The next people to play baseball there would have to clean up the place first.
I took my sweet time bringing the ship down, putting the center of the ship well in from the baseball diamond, but filling most of the field.
Thinking about it before, I had mentally compared the ship's size to a four-story office building, but it was far from cubical. Technically, I knew it was over 25 meters tall, but it was quite a bit wider than that. There were four 'floors', four stairway exit points, and they weren't standard height floors.
Our ship did fill that field and go over the 90 feet (30 meter) infield.
At the airfield, it hadn't been a big deal, and on the football field when I first got there, I didn't quite get the scale.
Granted, I hadn't really been outside of it much to look in.
Lowering the ship down and putting the center just out from second base, there was enough clearance. The crowd was gathered by the street on the right field side, and a huge pile of stuff ready next to a group of military folk, and I presumed that was stuff I'd requested.
More was on the backs of about 8 pickups, poised to back up to the ship.
Not having an 'engine' to shut off, we just let ourselves sink in the grass.
I wondered aloud if they'd set up some kind of sensor to figure out the mass of the ship, and Jan laughed but didn't disagree.
Thinking quickly, I put a sign up on the wall of the ship with a big arrow to the now-opening cargo bay that read, "Please Place Cargo In Here."
We all walked down, and as we got there, I noticed there were a large number of troops on the park's corners, most of whom were facing outwards from us. There were civilians, behind police barricades, staring. It wasn't a secret we were coming, apparently.
Mads and I walked out of the cargo door, just barely, and I waved at the people waiting to board to come over.
My mom was there, and my sister, too, though she was supposed to be at college. Well, I guess when your bro gets his own spaceship, you come home to see him.
Quite a few people jogged up quickly. Mom came up at a fast jog and gave me a big hug that seemed to last forever. She was crying and telling me she loved me so much, but then my sister wanted to give me a hug, too, so she got out of the way.
My sister wasn't normally that affectionate, so it was nice to get a sense of that. We'd had some fights over the years but mostly were on good terms.
"Bro. You didn't tell anyone. What's up with that?"
"Kinda... couldn't. Not until. So, yeah. Surprise!" I laughed.
Mom was happy and worried at the same time. "You... are... okay in there?"
"Relax, Mom. Normal room, pilot's chair, got some armchairs now and a table, sorta like... empty rooms at home, on something kind of like linoleum? More metal than that. Nice enough."
"Echoes, then? You need a carpet?"
I smiled and raised an eyebrow, it was a good idea. "Maybe later."
She pointed at the trucks, backing up and parking by the cargo hold near us. "In there, I packed a bag, some clothes, some books. Some pictures, too, in case you miss us."
I laughed. "I'm not going away forever, mom. I'm just a delivery boy, now. Might see if I can make some money and help some people get stuff from here to there, sorta."
Looking over, I could see that Mads was getting hugged by her mom and dad, but that there were some other sets of people, lined up, and some Army types off to the side, too, waiting to get my attention.
"Look, Mom, busy day. Can you wait over there? I'll give you another hug before we leave, okay?"
She nodded, kissed my cheek, and then WOW my sister kissed my cheek, too. I didn't expect that.
Colonel Jess, by his insignia and name-badge, came up, with two lieutenants in tow. "Sir. Mr. Cooper. I have all the materials and equipment you requested, sir. Do you want it in there?"
"Yes, absolutely."
"Looks like you got yourself some desert Army ACU's there. You'll have a variety."
"Yes, I hope so. Thank you so much."
"I've been told to give you this communication." One of the lieutenants handed me a sealed packet.
He elaborated, "The President has some requests, and various GAO-approved appropriations amounts for each task. As a courtesy to other governments, we have included some of their requests and the payment for each also. For some tasks, we would like to have payload specialists aboard, as a matter of law, since moving these payloads requires supervision of a licensed authority. If you'd like to negotiate that, we can do so."
I nodded. "Thank you. I would suggest... maybe? You could build a... pre-fab Moon base? I was thinking about this... a 2-story tall sealed steel structure capable of supporting some medium-weight mass, really regolith, on top, for shielding? Some kind of nice living quarters inside, with windows, maybe, showers and air cleaners, some house plants, airlocks, whatever. Pre-built, ready to go. No aerodynamics required, and mass is irrelevant, don't worry about making it lightweight. If it's modular, assembly has to be super-simple and easy, just stick it together sorta stuff. I'll haul it up, no more than 1.5 g's acceleration, or so. Put it on the lunar south pole or something. Might be cool? Lot better than just me going back and forth and visiting for an hour or two."
The colonel nodded, like he was deferring to me or something. I was kind of weirded out by that nod. He was this old guy, this full colonel, very in-charge, but it was like he was taking orders from me. His manner was curt. "Sir. Yes, sir."
"So, yeah. We should get the crew aboard."
He pointed to Alice, at the head of the line, and they came over. I shook hands with Mr. and Mrs. Peterson then got a giant hug from Alice, who was kind of freaked out and excited. At the same time, I could feel she had her laid-back vibe going. It was a put-on. I knew when she was stressed because she pretended to not be.
I motioned for her to stand in the cargo bay, and the next girl came over.
Tina Lowden had dark hair, was almost my height at 5'9", a Lacrosse player, very trim, but had a significant bustline. I knew of her bust line despite her hiding it most of the time, because, well, I noticed these things, and she had it mostly-hidden in the uniform top she was wearing.
Tina was smart, too, for sure - Model UN and debate squad both.
Christine Unger, technically another Tina, but she went by Chris. Shorter, 5'4, red hair, some freckles, very thin but medium-bust so it looked bigger than maybe it was. She sang in chorus with me and did math club competitions. I liked her though we hadn't talked much.
Lara Tomlinson, black hair, striking blue-green eyes, chess and was in math club, too. Small chest, swimmer, trim but with muscular shoulders.
Carla Chu, black hair, Asian features, medium build, ran track with me. Very pretty, graceful. Was also an Eagle scout, one of the first girls in our area to get that. She was wearing scout pants and a light jacket with the 'Scouts' logo.
I wasn't expecting Carla. I'd listed her, but Alice had said she'd never say yes. I wasn't objecting, for sure.
Dana Crawford had been the previous year's valedictorian. She was Italian-looking, and I knew from Pat's stats that she spoke Italian and Hebrew at home, but also had some Arabic. She'd done gymnastics at our high school, but was attending UC Davis in chemical engineering. Her hair was a dark shoulder-length tight-jewish-curly and she had brown eyes, a medium-small bustline, was about 5'9" (taller than normal, maybe), and very fit. I found out later she was also into anime so we got each other's references.
Her parents came up, too, and I shook hands with them.
Really, I shook hands with each of them and their parents, and then assured everyone that yes, I'd take care of them, but also that they'd be well paid for the work they were doing. I had to leave that vague since I didn't know myself.
The soldiers finished loading up the stuff, and we stood inside.
Motioning over, I gave Mom another quick hug and had everyone back off, and had everyone wave goodbye.
Pat took my cue and closed the door, prompting everyone to turn to me expectantly.
I addressed them equally, though I could have given Alice more deference and didn't. "Mads, Alice, team, let's all get upstairs. We'll give you the tour first, but we need to be wheels-up... to take off, in about 10 minutes, so it will be fast. Just bring your carry-on bags upstairs."
I was still holding the packet of papers, I knew that was pretty valuable to keep close to hand.
Along the way, I introduced Jan and they all said hello but couldn't really shake hands on the stairs.
Jan led us up the mundane-looking office building-type stairway to the hallway near the bridge. I pointed things out briefly, but wanted them into the bridge quickly so I could show them diagrams on the walls, and get us moving.
As we entered, though, I realized neither Mads nor I had made the bed, and that implied Mads and I had been up to. I was pretty sure the girls noticed it, they were glancing over, though they didn't say anything.
The room was pretty large so they all just leaned against the walls.
I addressed the room. "Welcome to the Bison. You are now all crewmembers, with all the rights and responsibilities that entails. Your rights? You can get off, leave, anytime and anywhere you want. I ask that you not talk too much about what you're going to learn about here, because some bad people could use that to try to steal or commandeer the ship, maybe, and do very bad things. I'm dedicated to peaceful use, exploration and transport, that kind of thing, but, we have to protect it, it's probably mankind's greatest resource at the moment. So... that's my story."
They accepted that, so I went on.
"There's Madison Charles, you all know her, I think. She goes by Mads. Next to her, here, is, Captain - the military rank - Janice Watkins, goes by 'Jan'. She's United States Marine Corps, retired. She's a skilled aircraft pilot and communications officer."
They all nodded and shook hands with smiles around us.
"Lastly, we have the AI, the super-smart ship's computer. Her? His? Name is Pat. I'm increasingly regarding Pat as female, but it's not, it's a computer. Anyone ever seen Star Trek? It's like the ship's computer, it can talk. But, we're in charge. We can ask it to do things, or find stuff out."
They looked at me like I was crazy.
"I call the computer Pat since it's both a boy's and girl's name. Pat, where is our next destination?"
Pat replied through the speakers, putting some amazement on the girl's faces. She said, "You committed to picking up several other crewmembers near Stanford University in Palo Alto California, today, at 9 am. It is now 8:47 am, so this schedule may now be inaccurate."
Lara asked, obviously worried, "This is, like, an _alien_ computer? And it talks?"
Mads interrupted, "Look, It's _fine_. It knows things, it's really handy. It opens and closes doors, moves stuff around..."
Lara said, "We saw that on the news! Someone had a video of you getting picked up, from your backyard."
Mads was upbeat, dismissive of worries, "Oh, yeah. That - super fun, after I got past the initial O-M-G factor."
They were silent.
I picked up again, "So, it's time to go, now, I think. You'll see how it works. We're headed over to Palo Alto, you'll be able to see on these walls where we're going. Pat, put the outside image on the walls. Is all the material we wanted onboard and doors shut?"
The images appeared, as if we were high in the air, which we were. The view was really lifelike, almost like the walls weren't there. At the appearance of images on the walls, the girls "Oooo'd" and "Ahh'd".
They had a point. We had a sweet view over the trees in the neighborhood, and down below to the police and army people arrayed around us.
Pat said, "Doors are shut."
"Good." I went and sat in the captain's chair / couch, and motioned to Jan to be ready on the radio. After the chair's cushions grabbed me a little, I lifted us off and gave us a little lurch, which made the girls stumble a little.
Jan turned to her radio interface. In front of her in a set of computer-type 'windows' on the wall, Pat put up a 3-d flight path, radio, aircraft instruments, etc. Jan had learned how to ask for that, and I immediately saw the value.
I touched my chair and added more projected flight path views - overhead, side, etc. - and made it obvious what our path would be.
We lifted further, and I angled us to follow the indicated path to the west. I could have added the sky overhead, but decided that wasn't needed.
Jan pressed the wall and spoke, "Modesto Tower, this is Bison-1-experimental, VFR / IFR climbing angels 6, bearing 2-6-0 westbound to Fremont. Bison-1."
"Bison-1, all traffic cleared, please declare NOTAM-N status. Modesto."
I said, "Transponder's still on, Jan."
"Modesto, clear NOTAM-N 10 minutes after we depart Modesto city limits, to give privacy to, ah, ground personnel. Thank you for your business. Bison-1."
I said, "Pat, please move all cargo from the cargo bay to storage on this floor. What is the ETA for beds in the living spaces?"
"Kevin. Cargo now being moved. ETA for bed frames is 4 hours. Construction will take between 4 and 5 hours for the additional rooms, the hallway will be closed in that direction."
"Thank you."
Mads led them out to the hall to see the procession of bags hanging in mid-air floating up from the stairwell into the store-room. A robot came up the stairs and went into the room, and they all peeked around and watched the things being neatly stacked and arranged.
I said, "Pat, can you shade the spheres enclosing things that you move, just slightly, so we can see a shimmer? It might help us understand that the item is inside a ball, instead of just hanging there."
"Done."
After a while the girls came back in from the hall, and we watched out the windows as the mountains went by under us.
To be fair, it was seriously beautiful to sight-see, the scenery was sweet.
Jan cleared us with the air traffic control (ATC) and we located Stanford in the hills, found Kara's cell phone on the hill overlooking campus (among some close trees) where she and the other 3 girls had decided we could have a good landing spot.
They didn't realize how big the ship was compared to the clearing. We got through okay, but it wasn't comfy.
The women each had several suitcases, which Mads and Alice both helped her with, but Pat invisibly lifted the others into the cargo bay to their rapt amazement. After they came in, I shut the door and they came upstairs to be greeted.
With Kara were:
Rachel Nesbit, Stanford student, double-major mechanical engineering and political science as pre-law. Red haired, med-weight, thin, and a runner.
Dr. Ella Fenwich, Stanford med school internist (2nd year after med school and passing boards). Did undergrad ages 16-18 (3 yrs, in bio), 22 yrs old. Focused on space medicine. Short at 5'0", medium-thick body mass, muscular, into weightlifting and crossfit. She also had exceptionally large chest (which of course I noticed, but hadn't been a criteria since I didn't see them when choosing), and short blond hair tied back.
Francine Cheriott, grad student in astrophysics, undergrads in physics and astronomy. French-Canadian, fluent French, Spanish, Algerian-Arabic. Light-skinned Spanish-French background, family from Andorra. Med. height.
I found out later that she liked to be spanked.
And that was Stanford! We rose back into the sky and we moved on.
Off we went to Berkeley. Having learned a lesson on fitting into tight places, we texted the two there, Beth and Anna, to find a bigger spot, since they were in a small quad area. I wanted them to walk in and not have to dodge trees.
They headed up the hills and we met them up Centennial drive (steep switchbacks) where the ship could overhang and the cargo door was on the road surface.
This freaked out a lot of people, but I asked a couple of girls to stand in the cargo hold door and wave downwards, so they knew it wasn't really an alien abduction.
Once upstairs, the others introduced each other, and Jan asked for and got flight clearance to Boston by way of going west over the ocean, rising vertically to over 200k feet, then heading off to Boston. Jan was coordinating with military air controllers on special frequencies she read in her briefing materials, and I was happy to have that but told her I wanted a briefing on it later.
We accelerated sideways, then tilted so we could accelerate more. Everyone had to sit down or lie down, and we made it across in about 30 minutes. I felt fine in my high-backed pilot's chair, but it was kind of fun to know how fast we were going.
Since it was plenty morning-enough, I called the lawyer instead of waiting for him to call me.
After introductions, I explained we needed to make sure both our families and our crew were well paid for our work, but also that we needed all kinds of protections set up - insurance, employee wages, a booking office, a PR firm, proof I wouldn't be prosecuted for flying without a pilot's license, FAA certification, and of course an educational trust to pay for everyone's college.
The conversation was being listened to (why not), and all the girls gave a big cheer.
While I was on the phone with him, I opened the president's letter (White House letterhead!) and told him I was doing so. It said (and I read it out loud):
"Mr. Cooper:
Below is a list of tasks I would like you to accomplish.
As President and in consultation with various departments and agencies, we can commit to paying for these tasks within 30 days of verified completion. We are contracting you as an independent entity and you are responsible for all taxes, fees, and expenses you incur. Overflight permissions for United States airspace are granted at no cost, and routing of air traffic will not incur monetary penalties normal to FAA procedures, by my Presidential discretion."
The lawyer said, "We could ask for Net-15 payment terms for the first payments, you're not rich."
I read on.
"Tasks are as follows:
Water ice, at least several tons, or up to 50 meters in diameter. Payment $1m per ton, maximum 300 tons. Delivered to a 405 km orbit at 28 degrees inclination. Ice should be in a lump-mass and not subject to fragmentation or dispersal, which would threaten other satellites. POC: NASA administrator. If needed, a bag or other container will be provided to you free of charge to ensure it remains contained.
Liquid oxygen containers, full, delivered to the ISS. NASA standard connectors, insulated for long-term on-orbit storage. Delivery fee to you would be $1m per five 1000 L containers. POC: NASA administrator, pick up location tentatively NASA-Kennedy SLC-40. Prefer 12 hours notice before pickup for preparations.
Nuclear waste stored outside various US nuclear plants in CASTOR concrete/metal casks. Delivery to a location of your choosing on the Moon, all casks together in an area no larger than 50 km square. Coordinate with the DOE Secretary. Must be accompanied by and supervised by 3 DOE personnel and under constant video surveillance with high speed data downlink. $150m for each 200t cask. Limit: One cask until safety review complete. POC: US DOE Secretary or Japanese PM's office.
Any amount of contaminated water from Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station. Destination, any off-earth location guaranteed to not re-enter Earth's gravity well in the next 100k years. POC: Japanese PM, details to be negotiated.
Bulk rolled aluminum, 3 mil, 20t each roll, delivered to same 405 km x 28 degree orbit, contained / tied-together. $100m per load limit 10. POC: NASA administrator.
Retrieval and clearing of orbital debris from orbits above 500 km, $1m per item over 10 kilograms. Or, $1000/item if the item is large enough to pierce the ISS or other spacecraft hull, max $2B until an internal review of progress is completed.
Pre-assembled sealed metal enclosures approximately the size of four shipping containers as 2-up/2-down arrangement. Delivery intact to South Polar region of the Moon, your discretion of location. Each enclosure, $100m cash on delivery. Enclosures will not be available for at least 30 days. POC, NASA administrator.
Contact info is below, with kind regards, cordially, President Ortiz, etc."
We talked for a while and he promised to set up a corporation to handle the transactions, pay my employees, handle HR concerns, etc.
About that time we got to the Boston area and picked up our last crewmember, Willa Johnson, a Black gal from Louisiana attending MIT. She wanted us to pick her up at the center of the Harvard Bridge on the Charles River, right out from campus. I found out later she wanted to make sure there was video coverage of a Black woman getting on the flight of 'very smart' and 'very attractive' women. I had to agree with that.
She'd already seen the news footage of the Bison picking up people in California, so she was excited.
Jan handled the comms with the FAA and the Boston police, who were very unhappy about having no notice to prepare for crowds. Jen made a case that had we told them earlier, word would have gotten out, and they'd have had much bigger crowds, so it was better this way.
This didn't convince the police chief.
I dropped the ship so it was hovering over the water with the lip of the cargo bay just over the railing, so she could throw her backpack and bag in, climb over and be inside. It was hard to not bump the bridge - I didn't want to cause damage.
Once inside, we closed up again and took off, very slowly, and headed out to sea away from Boston.
== CHAPTER: Swan's Island ==
I was going to put us into orbit, but I figured that if we did that, we'd be weightless and that'd mean all the stuff that Pat (and then the girls) had organized into piles in the other room would be weightless.
Plus, we might puke.
We rose to about 90,000 feet, and I decided to head for Maine, as a nice place to set down that had a restaurant where we could have lunch.
Doing some searching for a good spot and a restaurant that was open but remote, we set down on Swan's Island near a quarry.
I said, "Jan, call all the cellphones on this island as one giant conference call, and mute their end, so I can speak. As soon as they pick up, play the message on a slow repeat, 'Please hold for an important public safety, civil disturbance announcement'. "
"Working.... Done." A display showed how many people had picked up; I waited until the number got to about 60% and leveled off.
"Hello! This is a conference call, I'm speaking to lots of you on Swan's Island at once. Yes, really. I'm very sorry to bother you this fine morning. This is Kevin Cooper. I'm visiting your island, and I really do apologize for any inconvenience this will cause you. If you want to see us, we're going to land right near Quarry Wharf, and maybe get some lunch. If you work at Tafton's, please make some nice salads and soups for us? We'd like a mix of stuff, maybe cut sandwiches, that kind of thing. If you can. We'll be over in about 20 minutes, ish. There's ... about fifteen of us? If you're not open, sorry, maybe we'll stop by later. Again, sorry for the inconvenience, everyone. We can't let you onboard, sorry, but you can at least see us from the outside. That's all. Again, sorry for the inconvenience, but we figured it'd be good to call and let you know. Thanks! Bye!"
We landed where I'd promised.
"Pat, put a sign on the side of the ship that says, 'Caution, Please Stay Back 100 yards', okay?"
"Done."
The views out the "windows" were fantastic! It was almost March, so there was snow on the ground in places, but there were shoots of green past just some pine trees.
I got up from the chair and wandered into the hall. The ship's bots had created a wall right outside of the bridge in the direction of the sleeping rooms, so we couldn't walk that way.
Everyone was walking around, talking, speculating, etc.
It was time to have a meeting, I thought.
We tried to go to the storeroom, but it was too crowded, so we pulled some of the mattresses back to the bridge and sat on them in a circle.
As we were starting to sit, Alice came up and wanted a hug and a kiss, and I gave her one, somewhat self-conscious in front of everyone, not for myself, but knowing she was shy. I was a little confused that she'd do something so forward, she was really conservative usually. We had hugged in public lots of times - in front of her parents that morning - but not too many times had we kissed in front of others - never at school, at least. Sometimes at the movies we did.
Mads sat on the edge of the bed on one side of me, and Alice on the other, and I Just Knew there'd be tension between them, and I didn't want that, but at the same time, I figured we'd work it out eventually.
When I didn't talk immediately - I was thinking - apparently Mads took that as permission to lead the meeting, which was great by me. She was more outgoing anyway.
She said, "So, let's do a little coordination here. We've got a lot of equipment, you saw that, that means we have to unpack and set up, or store it all away somehow. The 'bunk room', or rooms, are being rebuilt in the next room, that way [she pointed], and the ship's robots are doing that. Kevin has asked me to help get you all comfortable."
I had, but in passing, and I didn't know I was giving her a task. Apparently she thought so, and I wasn't going to object. She was really organized generally, so it made sense.
She continued, "We'll do a quick intro, then get lunch. Introduce yourself - name, age, interests, languages you speak or skills, hometown, that stuff. Some of us know each other already, some not."
Pointing to her left, Mads pointed to everyone, one by one, and got them to fill in the blanks. After the first person, she broke in and responded with a super-over-enthusiastic, "Hi, ___name__, Super-Glad to Meet you!!!" Then, she had all of us repeat that, too. It broke the tension and I liked it, as a kind of camp counselor style as a thing to do.
Alice even complied, and then I went. They knew me, but it was good to be included, just one of the group, sorta.
After me, it was back to Mads, so she continued, "Okay. So, ship rules. We have some already, and if you don't like them, you're welcome to disembark, like Kevin said."
Mads' face was frank and in-charge. "First rule is, since we'll be putting on spacesuits and be naked in front of each other, we need to be used to it, so it's nudity anytime, encouraged. Not demanded, but strongly encouraged. Once we're used to it, it won't be a big deal, and safety means, we need to be comfortable with each other, like, Really Comfortable, so we don't hesitate when there's a safety thing going on."
No one said anything for a minute, but kind of considered it, thinking about it, like.
Alice broke the silence - and it surprised me - by taking an informal tone (maybe that we'd known each other helped). "So, some of you know, Kevin and I dated, for, like the past year? He really likes to see boobs. So, set the girls free, I say. He'll get used to it eventually and we can go back to a normal life."
They all laughed. This was apparently funny. I was just embarrassed, on one level, and utterly excited on another.
Mads took the floor back.
"So, yeah, thanks, Alice. Yeah. So, the second Ship Rule is, he wants this... ship, this ...situation, to basically be a harem anime, slash, harem free-use hentai. Lots of sexy-time. He's going to be trapped in this ship most of his life, is my read on this, since the ship won't work without him, and if he's off it, he could be hurt. There's a lot of people that might want to do that, so ... yeah, we've got to make sure he likes it here. Be ready to give him blowjobs, or sex, anytime. If he's happy, we're happy. And, if we're happy, we get to ride around in a spaceship, so, that's good."
I was freaked out by this language, but managed to keep my composure and just kind of nod at it.
The girls? For No Apparent Reason, they seemed to accept this like it was a normal way to talk!
I didn't know where ANY of this was coming from, from Mads. She and I hadn't talked about this as 'spaceship rules' or anything....Oh... wait.
Yeah! It had taken me a minute, but I realized I'd said something when we were having sex, before we got to the moon, about 'it's always good to give me blowjobs.' Then, later, I'd said something about harems and free-use being kind of my kink, so that was probably where it was coming from.
That had been in-passing comments, said in fun, but she had taken them seriously. Huh.
"Third Rule is, you work your butt off and anticipate needs. Really, you're a crew, so this is work, a Serious Job, with visibility to the Entire Human Race. We're not here for fun, we're here to do Literally Anything that keeps humanity going."
They all nodded, seriously. Even I was inspired a little.
She continued, "Remember that we're here to do good things, and to help Kevin do good things. There's going to be a lot of that, I think, even if we're just watching out the windows, taking pictures, translating into other languages for him. He's going to have ideas, but we are, too. There's, like, almost no limit to the good we can do for the world with this thing." Her hands indicated the ship.
She looked at me, and a silence fell in the room.
I had to say something, so I did.
"I don't know what's in store for us all. I think there'll probably be lots of situations where we need to be able to look up information, or talk with a lot of people at once? Mads is right, we'll need to be on the same page. That means getting very comfortable with your fellow crewmates, know what they're like, their expertises, their interests, all that. I'm sure there will be work, full time and challenging, in a good way. I have some ideas for first-good-tasks, but I'll need LOTS more. You're all pretty smart, so we're depending on each other to use our talents."
Mads was nodding, "So, in line with Rule Two AND Rule Three, we're going to have to be Very Very open with each other. Again, nudity all the time is good. Lots of sex is good. Go wild on that front. Let's be freed-up. We're young and Flying in a Fucking Spaceship!'
They laughed, as did I.
This was beyond belief! I hadn't intended this to happen. I NEVER would have said this to a group of women, like, EVER, and here she was saying it? AND, beyond that, they were just accepting it and going on like it was a normal thing to say.
"Fourth rule is really, Be Helpful. If you're not helpful, you don't need to be here. He's invited us to be a crew, to help him, however we can."
"Now, those are mostly _his_ rules. I have some rules, too. That is, I'd like to propose some? But, as a group, we crew need to agree that we'll abide by them. Not as spacecraft rules, more as roommate-agreement stuff, if you want. I propose that Rule A is, we keep the place cleaner than we normally would keep any apartment or room we live in. Rule 2, we share chores like food prep, garbage, all that. Rule i-i-i, keep time in the bathroom short because it's shared and stuff."
Everyone was smiling at her 'A, 2, iii' sequence, but were looking around at each other and nodding. Mads held up her arm and said, All those In Favor Say, 'Aye'?"
"Aye!"
"Against, say, 'Nay'?"
Silence.
"We'll address further rules together later, maybe tomorrow? Like, limiting what photos or vids we take of each other, not sending them off-ship without explicit permission, etc.?"
I nodded strongly, and she raised that as a vote and everyone agreed.
Looking over at Alice, I could see she was half-sad, half-hurt. I wanted to ask and get a conversation going, but then decided it'd be better to let things play out.
With several other suggestions about cups with names on them (requested of Pat), who would sleep with whom (deferred), they settled in on them, and it got around to me, for 'anything else'.
I said calmly, "This is my spaceship. I own it. I am literally the only human who can control it, and if I die, humanity loses out on this chance to get a bunch of stuff going. I don't know what this ship can do, or not do, what it costs the ship in energy or resources to build something, whether we have any long-term constraints on power or whatever. We might have constraints. Please ask Pat any question you want. Pat, please answer their questions and do any simple request they have unless it conflicts with something I've said or compromises safety, ethics, etc."
Pat's disembodied voice came through with, "Understood."
Mads turned to Alice and said, loud enough for everyone to hear, "Alice, I know you've been dating Kevin for a while, but since I've been onboard, I've had sex with Kevin several times. He's _amazing_ in the sack. I had ... unbelievable orgasms. I don't want that to be a secret. So, you should try him again."
Alice seemed hurt by this, but nodded. She had to know already. "Okay."
I asked, "Pat, when will the bedrooms be ready?"
"Approximately 4 hours."
"Do we deplete any fuel reserves by lifting mass, of any size, into orbit?"
"Tiny amounts of fuel. These amounts are replaced if I can be in or touching an Earth ocean for 10 minutes or so."
"What is the maximum mass we can lift to orbit, with a 20% safety margin?"
"Volume is the limiting factor, a sphere about 1 km in diameter, of any substance or mass. Or, a set of spheres of volume adding up to that size. Some exceptions can be made to these limits by throwing these balls at high velocity upwards. Power expenditure graphs and equations are available on bridge consoles."
This was huge, obviously.
I was hungry, we'd been talking almost an hour instead of the 20 minutes I'd promised the restaurant people. "Let's go get lunch."
We all trooped downstairs, putting on our light jackets and some of the ball-cap hats they gave us in the duffle bags.
There were quite a few people (for a small island), maybe 60, waiting outside already. Before we left, I said, "Pat. No one should be able to come onboard, as a general rule, unless I invite them. Any crew already here can re-enter without worry. Keep the cargo door shut and shields on or ready in case someone decides to try, or to hurt the Bison."
"Done."
There was a steep hill towards the houses and wharf, and a bunch of people. I shook some hands. It was the first time I'd seen random people in over a day, non-military at least.
They wanted to know why we'd come, and I said, 'Lunch." This generated a laugh, but I was serious and they accepted that. I added, "Pretty location, too. You've got a beautiful island - from above - at least deserves a visit."
We all went down the hill to the pub.
The proprietor was waiting outside, staring up at the Bison behind us, several hundred meters away down the road. I turned around to look back and it inspired me a little to be part of the action.
Some of us were dressed in civilian clothes and just a few in military cammies.
I smiled and all the girls were grinning their asses off. We were celebrities.
The owner, a man in his 50's, came up to us and said, "We've prepared some food for you, would you like to stay and eat, or take it to-go?"
"We'll sit down, if you don't mind. We'd like to have a private chat, so please tell people we'd like to not be disturbed. I'll answer questions after, if that's okay."
"As you wish! This way."
He ushered us inside. It was a fairly upbeat bar / diner, a building of newer construction so drywalled with a suspended ceiling, comfortable and clean and not the old-school tavern look I was expecting. Quite a few people were there already, but a big set of long wooden tables had been cleared out by the windows where we could see our ship.
He brought us pitchers of pop and lemonade, and trays with the food already prepared. I leaned over to Jan and said, loud enough for the guy to hear, "I'm not sure I have enough cash. I'm only in high school, and..."
"Don't worry, Mr. Cooper, it's all on the house. We'll get customers for years from this. I hope you enjoy your meals."
"Still," I added, "Give Maddie here a copy of your menu and what we ate. Politically, I don't want to be seen as a freeloader, so please let us pay something."
"Very well."
As soon as he left, Kara, sitting next to me, asked quietly, "So... y'all want to see my boobs now?"
Everyone burst out laughing, even Alice.
We got to eating, and since I was hungry from not having too much breakfast, it really tasted good. I had a half a fish sandwich (perch, fresh-caught and fried), some really good coleslaw, and onion rings.
I raised a point we'd been talking about before in the meeting. "I'm thinking, besides making money, we should do some things that are, like, altruistic? Abject-good-deeds for humanity, like, charity work. Dredge a river or a lake, move some dirt somewhere, put something in orbit... Whatever."
Chris, a redhead that had been in Chorus with me, said, "Maybe, if there's a famine, we could bring some grain?"
"We'd have to buy the grain, probably, somewhere."
"Maybe we could go fishing."
I thought about that. "Maybe. But, I think there's too few fish in the ocean already." I'd read some stuff about that recently.
Dana asked, "Can we go somewhere fun, like, famous, or exotic? It's a spaceship, right?"
"Paris!"
"Rome!"
There were different suggestions, I knew we'd have to vote somehow. Peru seemed like a good choice, it was exotic and far-away. Other ideas included South Africa, Angkor Wat, and Australia.
Tourism held some appeal, and I realized we were missing out on being tourists right where we were. Most of the rest of the bar was watching us and talking in low tones, pretending not to be interested, but it was obvious they were trying to figure out what was going on.
Several patrons had their cell phones out and were recording us.
I covered my mouth like I was leaning on my hand, and whispered. "Pat. Please ensure none of the videos from inside this pub are ever released or put on the web or anything? Can you do that? Especially, so they don't know it didn't work until afterwards?"
"Yes.... Done."
I leaned over and whispered to Chris, next to me, "Hey, pass it around, we're being video'd. Tell everyone to be a bit more dignified, okay? Talking good, dignified talking better."
"Okay, boss!"
She turned around casually whispered to some other people and they got the word around. We turned from a casual tourist group to a down-to-business group.
Tina asked about the ship's sensors, and then suggested we might be able to search for gold deposits. That inspired me, and I got out my phone.
For the benefit of the other patreons, I pretended to dial, then talk into it like a speakerphone. I said, "Pat, can you find any shipwrecks with both historical significance, and maybe some treasure, nearby?"
"Definitely, Kevin," Pat's voice came out of my phone as if it was a real call. "There are several within 500 kilometers of here. One is 300 km, it has a large gold hoard in the hold, not of coins but just of raw gold ingots, mined by the Aztecs and stolen by the Spanish in the 1570's. It is in international waters. There are others, slightly farther away."
"Which academic institution would best be able to process and learn from it most effectively, if we scooped up the seafloor and brought it along to them?"
"Woods Hole, in Massachusetts, or University of Florida, are the best and closest teams."
"Call the head of Woods Hole on his personal cell."
One ten-minute phone call later with an astonished Chancellor, we had a place to put the shipwreck - Nonamesset Island, the location of which popped up on my cellphone's screen.
Since we'd scarfed up the food quickly but couldn't finish the bounty they brought us, we asked to get the remainder as to-go and packed it all up in their clamshell styrofoam. The act of doing that made me wonder if there were better choices of materials that would help humanity that Pat could give us.
Willa was sitting next to me and I mentioned this and asked if she could make that a pet project - to reduce pollution both with better tech and via the ship.
She nodded, super-happy to have a task.
I mentioned to the girls that the ship could replicate everything we gave as samples, so we should definitely grab the good stuff, but also even small things like condiments and crackers.
Pat spoke in my head and said, "No need, Kevin. I've scanned it from here, all 35 dishes being served to you or other patrons, plus the 44 different kinds of beer, wine, and liquor in bottles behind the bar, and each of the ingredients in the kitchen spaces. I was unaware of the need to do this when we were previously stationary in a town."
I didn't mention this to the group because I knew we'd need dinner fixings.
We each thanked the owner and his wife, shook hands with all the other patrons, and headed back to the ship.
On the way out of the restaurant, I mentioned to Mads that we needed to go for the businesslike and competent vibe in the pictures, not happy-go-lucky tourists. Women's rights, it seemed to me, would be served by smart, capable women crew.
She just nodded and said, "Done," then fell back and talked up with the girls as we walked.
The pictures we snapped with the larger crowd of island residents were freakin' perfect.
Thin-set lips on determined faces, pleasant but not freewheeling, they carried the day with verve.
With all the island residents showing up, we had to do a bunch of group-pictures before we could get into the Bison and lift off. I told Pat to allow those outside pictures and videos to appear online since it wasn't so private.
== CHAPTER: El Alvaro Bazan ==
The trip to a nondescript patch of ocean made more sense when we could see a map-overlay of the shipwreck under the water. The ship had gone down with one mast broken and a giant crack in the bottom where the excessive weight obviously broke the keel. One of the girls said that might have happened as it hit the bottom and not in the waves.
I was happy to have mechanical engineering talent available.
Pat wrapped up the shipwreck of the 'El Alvaro Bazan' (including the sand underlying it) in a sphere, about 75 meters in diameter, so not huge by modern ship standards, but big enough that it was a big lift to my eyes.
As the globe cleared the water, water droplets cascaded off the sphere's surface, and then poured out the sides and from underneath as Pat made the force-sphere semi-permeable.
Setting our direction westward, we approached Martha's Vineyard (a set of islands immediately south of the Cape-Cod hook) and found some police cars on Nonamesset, which obviously the ferry had just brought over.
There weren't many people there besides the cops, though we could see a bunch of boats coming over from the mainland. Pat pushed the force-sphere down hard enough to press out dirt and make a depression so the resulting ocean-bottom section was about even with the surrounding land.
Getting out of the Bison to look at what we'd retrieved, we saw the arriving crowd was coming up to us fast. Some of them started walking or crawling up the sand, so I had Pat sound a loud bass-note Woot! The crew, myself included, told everyone to back off, it was an archeology site.
Eventually we found the man I'd talked to up to us, Chancellor Emeritus Deets. He was amazed at how we'd done the move, of course, kind of like I was, but I was doing well to hide it. The cop nearest us was in the process of putting 'keep away' tape up, helped by the crowd itself (surprisingly), and I found it funny they were trying to keep themselves out.
Soon the place was chock full of cops, state police, barricades showing a sharp line between people and the Bazan. I'd been worried about people running up and stealing gold, but apparently the people (including lots of obvious students) around WHOI were Way into the history angle, not just money-grabbers.
The Chancellor and I negotiated, though mostly it was Jan, who was old enough and USMC enough to push a good bargain.
Pat told me where to grab a large gold ingot near the surface, so I pointed and Alice walked across it and retrieved it. The Chancellor got big eyes (as did everyone else) and we asked for a $1m advance on the 'salvage rights' or whatever, payable in the next few days?
Given the bar was about 25 kilos of pure gold (about $1.5m), this was a good deal for us both, and he agreed.
Our final handshake agreement was that we got half the cash value of the wreck's artifacts, but the rest was a donation to Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute (WHOI).
Our bright redhead, Chris, was going to call our lawyer to set up the banking stuff, but she couldn't call Pat easily. This was quickly fixed - I told Pat to put a big button labeled, "PAT" on all of our phone's home screens.
It appeared moments later and turned out to be super-handy for everyone.
It turned out, Pat could have many conversations at the same time.
Happy with the in-situ pictures of the ocean bottom Pat gave the Chancellor as an addendum (and no explanation of how we got them), I left him to get the place organized and secured, and we went back to the ship and up to the bridge.
Once we were ready, I asked Pat to lift us to a 500 km orbit where we still can have 0.1 gravity on the bridge.
Jan interrupted and mentioned we had to fly by FAA rules, so we did it her way, getting clearance and all that stuff.
Once we were safely offshore, we could lift towards orbit. I asked Jan, "As a destination, can we start doing that orbital debris cleaning thing? It hits me that's a good money-maker."
"Aye, aye, Cap'n."
I laughed, "I guess I am a captain, I could start calling myself that. Maybe, more Cap'n-Crunch than Cap'n Morgan, though."
She nodded but didn't laugh. It occurred to me it was probably a frequent joke in the Marines/Navy. Her tone was level, "Definitely appropriate for you to be a Captain. You might want to designate a military structure and duty stations at some point. If there are controls, you might want to set up stations for people to staff - comms, radar, navigation, task lists, personnel, etc... I'm not sure what tasks are upcoming, you haven't mentioned any yet."
Looking around at the ocean and then the west coast of Africa turning under us, I said, "Well, strategic thinking is my job, probably, but I'm going to need some help. It's just lunch, but we'll need a nice, warm, safe island for dinner in a few hours."
"The Azores good?"
I had no idea. "Sure."
I got out of the chair and said, "Pat, please accept whatever course, heading, and altitude Jan wants, while keeping both us and the ship safe, and giving lots of advance warnings to me and her if there are hazards or fast accelerations coming." I turned back to Jan, "When you get us settled, can you call Space Command or whoever and find out their priorities? Oh - and where they want them moved to, some section of ocean?"
"Sure thing, Boss."
I stood, yawning and stretching, and looked at the pretty girls all around me.
Mads came up and gave me what started out as a quick kiss and a hug. This stretched out, though, and I let it because WOW, it's a hot kiss.
When it seemed like it was a little long, I broke it, at which point Alice came up and did the same thing. Her kiss was likewise quite steamy, with some body rubbing and small moans of enjoyment.
As soon as we stopped and unhugged, Chris came up. Then Tina, and Kara, and on around until I'd kissed all of them, even though that was as close as I'd come to them really since they came aboard.
The eye candy I was getting even though they were dressed? Amazing. Sexy legs and butts, and I realized I was really horny.
Maybe the most interesting kiss (probably because my high school wasn't that diverse) was Willa. Her being Black meant her lips were more full than the others. It certainly felt at least as good as the others, though maybe more so.
When I was done, I turned around.
Mads had taken off her uniform jacket and was busy pulling off her t-shirt. Alice was facing her and me at the same time, and obviously didn't want to be out-done - so she was pulling off her clothes, too.
Very fast, the floor around them was littered with clothing.
Anna Fernando, standing behind Mads, laughed out loud and said, "Oh, that's how it's going to be," and started pulling her own clothes off.
I just watched. Anna was faster than they were, for whatever reason, and she walked over to me and started unbuttoning my 'blouse' shirt, and then pulling up on my t-shirt.
It looked like I was going to get naked, too. I wasn't objecting! I'd only ever seen, before this, Alice, Mads, and (a long time before, by accident) my sister naked.
Anna's hispanic and mind-meltingly gorgeous face looked up at me as she worked.
I just looked at her and said, "Better make sure we don't get our clothes mixed up, I don't think I'd fit in yours... Always be tidy."
That last bit was me being distracted by her being about to pull down my boxers, and I was nervous about being naked in a group of girls.
She laughed at the 'tidy' comment and went ahead to pull down my underwear, carefully getting the waistband past my very stiff cock.
The girls were chatting with each other as they undressed, too.
I could barely concentrate. Each pair of legs was more gorgeous than the one before. Muscles, soft skin, round butts, boobs that hung in the air, nipples erect and crinkly with the room temperature, some goose pimples, it was ... wow-factor-huge stuff!
They were talking, though, as they undressed, and I tried to listen to what they were saying, as well as any change in the tone of the conversations as my penis was revealed and my underwear removed.
No big whup, people just kept on with their thing, stuff about orbits, seeing the continents and rivers, but... all while getting naked.
The thing was, as they were stripping down, they folded each item and put it on their pile by the walls, even making sure they were straight.
Apparently, my 'tidy' comment had meant something.
Mads and Alice came up to stand in front of me, Fully Naked, unabashed, full-frontal action, I could see all of them and Well Then that Was Something.
My eyes had to drop down their bodies, I couldn't NOT look. Coming up to see their two faces again, I saw each had a small expression of contempt and smiling at a semi-triumph, but also almost unsure of what to do next. Each probably thought they had 'won' by being naked.
Once their clothes were folded by the walls, the other girls started walking back to stand near me, too. I wasn't sure what was going to happen next, and it occurred to me that I probably should determine that myself with some sort of comment.
The girls were watching me. "Mads, Alice, it looks like you're trying to one-up each other. I don't want any kind of conflict? I think you should hug it out. Maybe a kiss of friendship."
There was a titter of laughter, and Carla said, "Yeah. We know where _your_ mind is."
I smiled and looked over at her and said, "With the beauty in this room? Oh. My. God. Of course that's where my mind is. You, Carla, you, too. Wow. I'd love to... you know..."
She chuckled and came over to me, "Yes. I'd like to, 'you know', too."
Alice and Mads had stepped into each other, and started with a perfunctory hug, waists far away, but I said, "No, Alice, Mads, closer. Full body contact. Erotic, even. Kiss. I don't want bad feelings between crew, especially between two of my ... girlfriends?"
Carla was bending down to take a knee in front of my quite-hard cock. Holding it, she said, "Haremmmmm, Kevin. Not 'girlfriendsssss', 'haremmmmm'.
They all laughed at that, too, and soon I was being fellated while being titillated watching Alice and Mads get ever more frisky with each other. They'd look over at me occasionally, and I'd do the encouraging, smiling-eyebrows-up-head-nod thing, and they'd keep going.
Kara came up behind me and hugged my back, pressing her breasts into the back of one arm, and Beth did the same on the other side, though her chest wasn't as large, her intent was more fervent.
Kara asked, "So, I think Carla has first dibs, but..."
Carla broke the suck-suck, and looked up, "I'd like to... but..."
Jan called out, "We're going to 0.1 g in about 12 minutes, so if you're going to get started, probably best to do it now."
Carla led me over to the mattress (by now, made, courtesy of someone being helpful), lay me down, and straddled slightly below my hips. I motioned to Kara, "Come over? As soon as she's on me, sit on my face and let me lick you?"
Kara was confused by this, she hadn't expected it for some reason, but she did.
The Amazingly-Good Surprise of having my cock be in a pussy? Wow.
Carla's was the third pussy I'd ever been inside. It felt about the same, maybe, if that's possible, still super-tight around me, but with much different visuals. For one, the room was well-lit like when I'd done it with Mads, but now, my eyes were going up a different body, lowering her sweet wetness to my mouth so I could lick her at the same time I was being fuck-ridden.
As soon as my mouth was covered, I whispered, "Pat. Can you affect their excitement levels?"
Pat replied evenly, "I can fully manipulate their sensations."
This was great! I said, "Good. Can you... increase their sensitivity? Stimulate but not in a specific place? Both of them, uh these girls. Increase the levels, like, steadily but not too fast. Get them to orgasms in, uh... 3 minutes? Nice long orgasms, too. Deep and complete, if that's possible. Execute, if that works."
"Possible, yes. In process."
The excitement, which I could get a cursory sense of from the sounds they were making, rose in shaking, quaking intensity, quivering muscles around me, soft squeezing parts wrapping and enrapturing both my heads.
Carla's ride slammed down on my hips and soon enough just stayed down as she slid slightly forward and back, her orgasm clenching HARD on me and jerking body motions putting animation to the sounds I was hearing.
My face was covered in Kara's delicious pussy, juices flowing and a pair of fingers stroking rhythmically in and out of her just as my tongue danced into flashing-fast tickles across her clit. First lightly, then with increasingly strident flicks, I could tell what I was doing to the nerve clusters by an insightful set of images Pat was giving me.
Eventually, given her peaking and my tongue getting tired, I limited my flicks to smaller and smaller motions, then to flat-tongued gentleness as Kara came down. Her entire body was flowing with oxytocin (per Pat's in-vision med hints), and I had a feeling (via the info Pat gave me on anatomy and neurology) that that meant she was probably falling in love with me.
Carla, too, was slowing, though she kept moving some given I was still vertical and stridently filling her pussy with my very hard dick. The motions she lent me then, more up-down and steady, pushed me up a slope myself of mind-numbing goodness.
Singular focus took my brain as I started coming, Coming! Coming! Into her, Clench-OH-FUCK yessss, a spurt and another, tightness from inside and underneath and out through my cock into her still somewhat-spasming cunt, painting the top of her vagina and cervix with my white cream! OOOOhhh yeahhrrrr, mmrmmmrrrrgg uhhhh!!!!
She felt me - I could sense it through Pat - she felt me spasming in her, she felt the cum spurting into her, and she loved it, and wanted me to have the Best Cum Ever, in HER, all the cum she could pull out of me, a useful cum, a cum that meant Goodness for both of us.
This part seemed odd for a moment, a juxtaposition with some of her attitudes.
Pat didn't give me her internal monologue or memories as images - it wasn't clear like that. It was more a kind of connection between Carla and me, a melting away of conflict, a mood of hope came through from her. I wasn't reading her mind, but I definitely got what mood she was in.
She stopped moving, and I felt and heard vague things from around us, and all too soon, Carla lifted off of me OHHHHH the ABSENCE, the empty wanting of what was...
And, uncovering my face, Kara fast lifted and shuffled down. She'd been facing my feet, so I saw her butt moving, her wide-open sex, her lips wide splayed by her hand, pulling up on me as Kara painted an oh-so-fast stroke across those lips with the dripping white-strewn cummy head of my cock and then, down and onto it herself.
Down she pressed, reverse-cowgirl, and then I was in! DEEP in, back where I belonged, INSIDE another hot slippery pussy, a gripping pussy, a beautiful place to find myself.
Dimples of Venus flexed into existence above her buttocks. I knew the name for those now. Pat had thrown a medical textbook at me, I think, of all things related to human sexuality known by both mankind and now by alien spacecraft autopilots alike.
Not a typical combination, that.
Looking sideways, some of the girls were looking at us, but others were looking at the walls since we were apparently proceeding into orbit and they were studying the graphs and charts they'd requested and Pat provided.
The gravity reduced, and I felt the moment dropping away, the moment where I could come again. Really, I probably could have, but somehow that wasn't Kara's joy-source, she just wanted a little bit of cock-time after her hard cum.
I had come hard, too, and I really wanted a hug from someone, so I told her, "Kara. Please. Climb off and lie by my side?"
She did, sweet sorrow as she uncoupled, and movement to turn and lie by my side, breasts against my chest.
Carla, at the end of the mattress, had her hips on the mattress and the rest of her back on the floor, so when I looked down all I saw was legs and the prominent mons and a cleft between closed legs.
"Carla, come and lie by my side, too?"
She shifted, getting some help from Chris, whose thin frame and B-cup boobs dangled wonderfully as she moved. I held out an arm, open as an invitation to half-hug and thank her for helping.
Chris held up a finger to wait-one, helped Carla get situated tucked under my other arm, and then moved. Leaning down to give me a languid kiss, she pulled away after a good full minute and said down to me, "Mads told me what is required."
Carla and Kara watched, and Chris narrated for the group, "Kevin really likes to be cleaned, after sex - a good licking up and down. Mads said that it's nice, too, because then the next time they had sex, he smelled fresh and happy without so much need for in-between showering. So, it's a solid lick-up each time, we decided, whoever's handy will do it."
The girls by my side each nodded and had a chipper reply of, "Okay!"
Chris kissed down by my lap, licked a little tentatively, then held up my penis and licked up the side, then around my balls, then sucked the whole thing in, swirling it around in her mouth with some gusto and a giant smile.
Finally, pulling off, she kissed my abdomen to lick up any extra.
I liked that, plus the look she gave me as she did so.
The real final step was getting the covers from the end of the bed and pulling them up and over the top of us.
Alice came over as Chris left and sat on the side of the bed. She looked concerned, so I gave her my full attention.
"Kevin?"
"Yeah?"
"I'm __sooooo__ sorry I didn't take care of you right, this past year? I should have been doing so much more. I WANTED to do more, but... I felt like... I couldn't, that you'd think I was a slut or something, or... or I would think that about myself. Stupid. I could have been having sex like this, with Mads! Or, with You. With anyone. I was so ... stuck."
This wasn't the way that Alice normally talked. This was an epiphany on her part, I thought, it had to be. She barely talked about our 'relationship', usually it was more assumed, and I had to be the one to bring it up.
As she was sitting there, and after she stopped talking a moment, I let my eyes drift down her chest to her Really, Really nice melons, just dangling and swaying slightly as she moved, and kind of pokey-pointy in the cool air.
She moved, I thought to get up, but instead to move over and lower a breast into my face. "Suck on one, Kevin. They're great. I just sucked on Mads, it's a ton of fun."
Carla was under Alice's other one, I looked at her and head-waved for her to do it, too, so we both got a breast full in the face so we could suck a great nipple.
This had an effect on Alice, a fair bit of stimulation.
Pat piped me a feeling from Alice, a super-warm-happy excitement, with... a touch of... maternal feeling? Like... she was wondering how this would be the same with a baby, or two babies, sucking on her nipples instead of us?
The mouth feel for me was epic-good. I could just do this for a long time, for sure.
Eventually, I figured that maybe Kara might want some, too, so I told Alice to switch so Kara could have some, and we all got a chance to get some good ultra-soft-skin-delicious nuzzle time in.
Fun!
This lasted a good 10 minutes, just playing with the nipple with my tongue, and I started feeling Alice shifting around. Below, I heard Mads giving her orders, "Spread more."
'Ah,' I thought, 'she's getting some treatment below from Mads at the same time! Excellent!'
Eventually we were done, and Alice had to stop Mads because the position was too awkward.
Most of the girls were standing around watching the Earth float by underneath us, but a few were over with Jan, bringing up lists of items and 3-d models of projected flight paths. I could see the goal was to sweep up this or that piece of orbital debris.
So, even now, when I was super-enjoying some naked-skin time, the ship was doing good and useful things. I liked that idea. I had a feeling initially it was always just going to be me, but then being able to let another person fly her made complete sense as a better way to handle it.
Carla sighed and turned back to me; she'd been looking at the wall next to us showing the beautiful bright-blue/white/brown/green Earth rotating under us. The gravity was reducing, and I knew we were mostly in orbit, though the engines were put on 0.1g to give us some nominal gravity.
As Carla turned back and hugged me, she said, "Well then. Number 5."
I said "What?"
She clarified, a giant smile on her face, "Number Five of Best Things to Ever Happen to Me. One, you name me as crew, when it's all over the news. Two, the President of the United States calls. Three, I get on this ship and discover what a wonder it is. Four, the Best Fucking Orgasm I've ever, ever, ever had in my entire life. Five, becoming a full-fledged astronaut, getting to orbit the Earth."
My mind was stuck. "Number... two, you said, the President called you?"
"Oh, fuck yeah, last night! First, Alice calls and says, 'Are you at home? And, I'm home, so I say yeah, and she says, 'gonna be some government guys at your door, it's a Good Thing. They're gonna bring you over here to my house. Big chance here, don't fuck it up!"
I laughed.
"Yeah, so I hear her mom go, "Don't swear" really loud, and I laugh, and say fine, but I don't quite believe it. Then, like two minutes later, the doorbell rings. We - Mom, Dad, my two brothers, me - we all had to get in a couple of SUV's with military types and we're suddenly at Alice's house. Alice tells me she's coming onboard the Bison, 'cuz she's your girlfriend, and you want more crew and you named me, so I'm invited, too."
"And?"
"And, Nothing! My mom _totally_ freaked out! She and Dad both. My brothers were like, "Yeah! Do it!' My parents were like, no, wait, hold on, it might be dangerous, all that."
Then, this other bigwig shows up, a General, whatever that is, like bigwig, dark uniform, he sends my parents into the other room. He says I'm 18 so I can do what I want, and this is a national security thing. He lays it out, explains stuff, then he lets 'em back in the room on condition they keep their mouths shut."
She was smiling, remembering it, "Dad's got it, he shuts up, Mom still isn't convinced but she's mostly quiet."
"Then, General guy sets up a laptop on a table, open towards me. It's thick, like hefty military kind, big screen? Weird looking. Anyway, there's the Presidential Seal, and, boom, it's President Ortiz!"
Kara, and some of the girls around (we're mostly quiet) are listening in, I see.
"She says hello and calls me by name, and says it's super important that I go along with you. She says, you chose me for some reason. It's like, one of the single most important things that has happened to mankind ever, that's proof of not-human intelligent life. PLUS, she says, tied up in this is anything that we could possibly do to find out more, we should do. She asked me, please, analyze the why of things happening, be smart, be capable, help things out, try to be my best self."
"Obviously you're here."
"Duh! Fuck, yeah? I mean, Ortiz, talking to ME? Sure. She's ... Yeah. So, I'm here. But, it's like, I would have done it anyway! But this is great. Plus, like I said, great sex, and orbit. And, all you others, too, this is like the greatest group _ever_."
Her voice was a little too valley-girl excited, but she had kind of played it up like that at the end, so I was pretty sure that was for laughs.
I turned to the others - Alice, Tine, Chris, and Lara, and asked them, did the President call you, too? They said yes and told similar stories.
The consistent thing was, once they were at Alice's house, they weren't allowed to go home. The FBI guys brought in some motorhomes, parked 'em outside on the street and up over the curb on their across-the-street neighbor's lawn like it wasn't anything - and had to sleep there overnight. It was to 'avoid complications', they said.
Some General had told them, as a group, "Too important to let this just maybe-happen, we reduce all risks to zero, you sleep in RV's or Alice's house. I got to sleep in Alice's parent's bed, instead of an RV. Mom and Dad had to go home and pack for me."
Kara asked, "They get you what you asked for?"
Carla said, "No Freakin' clue. I haven't checked yet. I'll bet Mom grabbed all my old-lady underwear instead of any of my boyshorts or my lace ones."
Kara laughed, "Totally get it. My mom freaked, but at least I could pack my own bag, sorta - she put me on video chat while she was packing and I said what I wanted."
I unhooked myself and tried to not accidentally jump, the gravity was low. We all got up, still naked (like everyone else in the room except Jan), and I walked over to where Jan was making altitude adjustments. "How's it going?"
She ignored my nakedness. "The first set of satellites are fairly low, we're going to pass by them and Pat is going to tug on them enough to make them deorbit into the Pacific in the next day or so. Maybe an hour and we can get a bunch of the bigger ones. It helps to be able to accelerate fast if we want. It's not the overall amount, it's the constant acceleration."
I did feel some twists and changes. Alongside us, spheres would pop into existence and out again, and I knew that meant some piece of crap was going to burn up. Very cool!
Jan glanced back at me, my arms now over Chris and Alice, and smiled, "You do look kind of comfy there, Mr. Cooper. Kinda makes me sorry I'm an employee and not a passenger."
"No worries, Jan. We'll talk about it later. You're busy now, we need you for this. Maybe you could pick someone as a back-up and teach her? Probably a good plan for us all, everybody trains on two things."
She nodded, but then turned back to the task, and wow was she managing a bunch of tasks at once. She worked with Pat's prediction path for where to go next, set up at least 20 spheres popping in and out of existence at the same time, like popcorn or small fireworks. There were no sound effects, but I could imagine some.
I walked over to watch the work from another screen. It was fascinating enough that everyone was gathering around one display or another to watch us, intersecting lines of orbits and plotting intercepts showing up, and the new paths they took after we deflected them.
Obviously, I'd never stood in a group of naked girls before. It was incredibly sexy, and yet a little mundane at the same time. They were just people I'd met, like we were all at a swimming pool wearing swimsuits but without the swimsuits.
I reached out and touched Alice, and stroked her back.
"Nice, thank you."
Tina, a girl I barely knew but who I'd admired (she was really pretty), was off to my left, and turned to me slightly. "Hey, Kev. Why are we doing this, again?"
I explained, "Ever see the movie, 'Gravity'? Like, where one piece of crap in orbit bangs into another. Up here, going so fast, they both fragment, making huge other clouds of crap, which bang into other things... Called a Kessler Cascade. Risk increases with the number of pieces maybe to the fourth. It's a big risk for future spaceflight. Plus, i'm thinking, if I'm going to bother... WE are going to bother, pulling up some space stations here, we don't want them getting exploded by bolts from an old rocket booster."
"Got it. Helping the USA, but ourselves too."
"Yep."
I turned to face her more, and looked more bravely down her body. "You are ... amazing. Lacrosse team, right?"
"We just started, early spring."
"Looks like you have some bruises on your shins."
"Yeah, they were a LOT worse yesterday. Not sure how they're better so fast."
"Oh, Pat can heal stuff. Pat," I looked up to my disembodied AI, "Put up a list of all of us, on the wall, and our health status."
The wall to the left of Jan's orbital game, turned white again and our names appeared in a spreadsheet-format. The columns were name, age, gender, vision, dental, doc, risks.
The risks column was interesting to say the least.
I think everyone turned to look. This was distracting to Jan and I said, "Pat, let's bring this up later, it's not fair to Jan."
The wall turned back to the view of space, and we faced the front again.
I heard murmurs of, "What was that?" and "Our health risks, I think."
"Jan, how long is this process?"
"Oh, I dunno. I'm just playing around with how this works to see if I can help it be more efficient. I had some ideas early but it looks like Pat can do it now better than me."
Jan stood up, "Pat, take over orbital debris removal, please. Keep track of how much we remove in numbers of co-orbiting items, mass of those clusters, we get paid for that. Any constraints, Kevin?"
"Uh, vary our accelerations between 0.1 and 0.3 g's, but not too jerky?"
She nodded, "Pat, make it so."
Pat replied, "In process," and I tried to not laugh because that was kind of a well-used line.
Jan stood up and stretched. She was definitely still dressed.
Kara came back in the room (I'd missed that she'd stepped out) and said, "Bathroom's free. Oh, and it looks like our bunk rooms are open now."
We all walked out and looked.
Two rooms down the hall were fitted out as bunkrooms. One was smaller and more of a stateroom with a super-wide bed and a lot of padding around everything. The other was a bunk room with two four-bunk-high bunk-beds, all along a wall, lockers on the opposite wall, a latticework of padded beams everywhere, ladders with padded rungs, and recessed padded handholds all around.
Volumetrically, the room was full of the latticework, but it was big enough to walk through without too much trouble.
Beth said, her Ukrainian accent coming through, "Da-da-da, is sensible. No floating off. Good for zero-g."
A set of alcoves off the end of the room were bathrooms, with odd looking toilets that had a bar across the bottom to rest...no, hook your feet, and an odd contraption that could rotate up from the side of the toilet as a cup under your butt.
Beth pointed at it and said, "Vacuum for shit. Zero G toilet. No plops. Hopefully, no floating poops."
Everyone laughed, and I think we were simultaneously disgusted and hyper-attentive.
The to-do list, now that the room was open, was huge. We had so much to do, getting everything set up - Pillows and bedding, netting to cover the bunk openings, things to assemble, etc.
Since there was a lot of carrying around to do, we put our clothes back on, and I asked Pat if it would definitely or sort-of help or hurt the debris task if we were back at 1 g. Pat said, 'definitely help', so we compromised given the heavy objects to move and set it at three-quarters of a g.
The 'stateroom' was apparently mine, a bed frame and mattress about double the width of a King, and a soft-padded low-ceiling to the platform with dangling springy rope-loops. This was obviously a bed that Pat had made specially, apart from the bunk-room ones that the mattresses we brought aboard would fit on.
Mattresses are heavy - but Unlike Everywhere, we could change Gravity!
Once given a task, we all were on the go, and the girls showed dedication to getting everything squared away, but it took several hours.
By about 4:30 pm (our time), two things had happened: we mostly had stuff stored and organized, and I had gotten incredibly horny again.
I'd been working in my room, putting away towels in some flat-pack wardrobes we'd assembled, next to Beth and Alice who were helping me. It occurred to me this wasn't a happenstance.
"Alice, is there a reason you're hanging around me so much now?"
"Mads and I agreed. You'd had her for a whole day by yourself, so I got next dibs. We figured, you liked it when you were with both Kara and Carla, so maybe Beth should hang around, too, in case."
I could only reply, "I think it's time to shut the door and get naked." (we'd gotten dressed again for the moving and flat-pack assembly).
They laughed, like this wasn't already planned. I was just the last to pick up on it.
Alice's breasts, C or D-cups but in the same ballpark as Mads', had very small areolas and, in the cool air, big erect nipples that I just wanted to suck on. The low gravity made them more spherical than I remembered, but, hey, it's all good. Her bush wasn't trimmed well, and I wondered about that but didn't say anything.
Thinking of that as I undressed, I asked out loud, "Pat, can you modify breasts so they won't sag as the girls get older, without bad health effects?"
"Yes."
"Please do so, but... not fast, so it doesn't hurt. Oh, and that's for all the girls."
"Including Jan? She is already older."
"Yes, everyone. Return their bodies to good health and appearance."
"In process."
Beth and Alice just listened to this with wide eyes and surprised, if not overjoyed, smiles. "Wow! Thank you!"
We were motivated, so we kept going.
As we undressed, I looked at Beth closer. She had some contrasts going: thin, looking almost to the point of being gaunt, and lacking big musculature, but yet she moved pretty gracefully.
She'd been squinting a lot lately, through her glasses, so as we were undressing, she took them off and said, "Oh, that is SOOO weird... My ... I can see better without glasses than with them."
I nodded, "Makes sense. Pat fixes things"
She did a head-shake double-take at me. "My eyes, too?!?!? What else?"
"Oh, lots of stuff. Mads wanted to not have to shave her pubes anymore, so Pat offered to make her hair grow in a different pattern, and we did that. Me, too, if you notice, I haven't shaved but my pubes are way short now."
Her jaw dropped in disbelief, "NO!!!...?"
"Yep. You want it, too?"
Alice said, "Damn! Yeah! But... my legs, too. I don't want to have to shave my legs and pits all the time."
Thinking back, I said, "Yeah, That's pretty much what we did for Mads. We confined her pube hair to just a landing strip, but what's left is super-soft and will stay short with no intervention. Leg hair - sparse, thin, and soft; no butt-crack hair, for me, really, because, that's just weird; same for underarm hair - sparse, soft, and short."
They were both grinning their butts off, Beth said, "I'm with Alice on this one. I want that, too."
"Pat, please adjust hair patterns on Alice and Beth just like we specified for Mads?"
"In process. Will take about 2 days."
I asked, "Pat, are you fixing eyesight?"
"Yes. It is a primary function of mine to keep the crew safe. All the crew will be healthy."
This set off alarm bells for me. "Pat, besides eyesight, what are you fixing? For Beth or Alice, for instance?"
"Beth has a set of ovarian cysts. These had a 35% chance of developing into ovarian cancer in the next 8 years. I am making her healthy. The cysts are draining now and the cells around them will be replaced with healthy tissue within the next week. In all crew, arterial plaques and scar tissues are being removed. Severity varies among crew. Some would have led to myocardial infarction, but also would have interfered with optimal fitness. Alice has a set of small incipient brain aneurysms. These are potential points for stroke or bleeds at about age 40. I am fixing these now. It will also take several days."
Alice got very worried very fast. "I'm ... I could have died?"
Pat said, "Chances of your having had a debilitating or fatal stroke were 10% by age 45, rising to 60% by age 70, depending on diet. After the fix, these chances will approach zero."
"Do I need to take it easy or something, while this is ... happening, in my head?"
"No. You are just getting healthier. Ethics would require me to warn you if you were at increased risk because of my actions."
Beth asked, "And... me?"
"Your lungs show scarring and occlusion from exposure to cigarette smoke, though it appears to be second-hand smoke because you have no nicotine in your system. This is being fixed. Also, your heart murmur is already repaired, and a lesion on your adrenal cortex is almost gone now. It has prevented you from adding muscle mass at a normal rate."
"Wow."
"These are not the most serious problems found among the crew, but they should help your quality of life."
I walked up and hugged Beth, and Alice came over, too. The group hug was great, and all the skin did good things for bringing me to attention.
We broke apart and walked over to the bed, and Alice took the lead by starting to suck on me while Beth watched.
Alice's process paused and she looked up at me. "Are you bigger? This feels bigger."
Beth asked, "You two were together, before, right?"
"Just ... I was a huge prude! For some reason I'm a lot more freed-up now. Something to do with being naked in a group of women on an alien spaceship, maybe." She smiled and flashed her eyebrows up.
We laughed.
"I asked Pat to make me bigger, when erect, but not so much that it would hurt anyone."
Alice bobbed down on me again, but couldn't get down very far; she had to hold the base of my penis with her hand. I could tell she was trying to get it deeper but she couldn't.
"Pat, question only. Is it possible to change Alice, so that she can deep throat me, uh, my penis, but not so she looks weird or has any other downside, like, disadvantage for her? What would change?"
"Kevin, Alice cannot deep-throat you now, given your size increase. She can get close if her gag reflex is brought under voluntary muscle control, and if certain ligaments in her throat are rearranged and resized. She would not notice any effects. If it is linked to sexual stimulation, any risks to choking while eating are less unlikely."
Beth asked, "Anything else?"
Pat continued, "If desired, sensory nerves such as those found in a vagina can be added to the mouth and throat, but it would be stimulating and distracting while eating. Instead of physical changes, psychological ones are safer, by associating fellatio with orgasm."
Beth said, "Give me that."
Alice asked, "Me, too!"
"Effects will not be apparent for several days. In process."
I said, "Thanks!"
Alice resumed her blowjob, and I asked Beth to come up and kiss me. She did, tenderly, beautifully, and we had an unhurried make-out session that got more interrupted as Alice's sucking on me got to be intermittent.
Breaking the kiss, I looked down to see her rubbing her sex fervently and only sometimes pulling my cock into her mouth.
I told her, "Alice. Lie on your back."
She quickly moved, but I had her shift down. "Beth, go up and straddle Alice's face? Face away from me, so Alice can look up your body and into your eyes."
They moved, and I came up between Alice's bent legs, lifting them up and to the side to open her sex to me. She was distracted, trying to figure out how to lick a pussy, maybe for the first time. I waited until Beth was telling her what to do better and moved my cock up to be poised at Alice's pussy lips.
They were definitely full and pouty. The 'meat curtains' moniker was about right in her case.
I pushed the head of my cock up and down, parting them and making her clit all the more prominent. I had only made love with this pussy maybe 10 or 12 times, ever, and never in the light, never where I had any kind of real control of the situation.
Her attitude before had always been, "Just go. Get it over with."
I could take my time.
Our gravity changed and shifted, more than usual, and I decided that making love on a spaceship might be easier if we were parked somewhere.
"Pat, what is our current course?"
"Jan has declared our primary mission for the day concluded and we are now headed for Faial Island, Portuguese Azores, well off the African coast. ETA is 45 minutes. We could get there faster, but when I informed her of your activity she plotted a course that would allow sufficient time for your conjugal rites."
I laughed internally at the 'rites' idea, but just said, "Excellent, thank you."
Resuming my pushing into Alice, I let my cock slide in oh-so-slowly, her tight tunnel taking me and pressing in with beyond-beautiful skin sensations. Alice cried out in whimpering happiness, her chin sticking out between Beth's butt cheeks.
In and out I slowly pressed, bringing my cock all the way into her, her legs up and away to give me full depth.
There was the slightest tickle on the end of my cock and I knew I was touching near her cervix with this stroking.
It was just a few minutes before Alice was writhing around with a full-on huge orgasm, jerking her clenched arms and legs around and using Beth's body as an anchor. I held her in place and kept up my thrusting into her (despite her desperate motions while coming). She even tried to arch her back but couldn't because I was so tightly holding her legs back.
The screams of joy were definitely something to listen to, though.
I felt a little twinge in my balls and slowed. I didn't want to come too soon, and I wanted to be face to face when I did that. Wondering, though, I reached out to Pat and mind-asked about what was going on, and I saw - images - yes, I'd given a little half-squirt of come.
The strange thing was, it was just a little pre-squirt, a tiny one really. In my mind, though, I could see the swimmers I had released suspended in my seminal fluid like a gel. Per what Pat had taught me earlier, they wouldn't swim for another 15 minutes, and then it'd be Up and At-'Em!, squirming madly spreading out and going up and into Alice's open 'os' cervix-slit, and inwards.
Sexiest damn thing, like, ever. Little guys, fighting to get upstream to the motherload, literally the mother-load.
My reverie was interrupted as Beth cried out with satisfaction at being licked so well. I decided to move much more slowly, very gradually rocking my body forwards and back to stroke her slowly.
Having the insight for what happened in a woman's body as a triggered cascade of happiness, I let go of Alice's right leg and started stroking my thumb over her clit.
That worked better than I expected!
Trying something new, I let my fingers trace over her lower abdomen and then press in, in a clench, as an experiment.
That idea didn't work.
Alice's uterus and other internal parts were WAY too deep for my fingers to have any effect at all. It might have been stimulative, but in the same way as holding her leg, it didn't do much. My thumb, getting back and striding over her clit, definitely worked better.
I called out, "Beth, I want to get face to face with Alice? Can you move off for a moment? Maybe just lie down "
"Oh, sure!"
She pulled up and got out of the way, and I let myself get down, face to face with Alice, eye to eye, my cock stroking into her as we stared at each other. Her eyes, and mine, got larger on the instroke, and half-breaths came on the outstroke.
We kissed, but that meant not moving since we weren't a perfect height match.
She whimpered, "Oh, God, I love you, Kevin."
"I love you, too, Alice."
My head went down by the side of hers, our embrace completed as 'the tightest hug'. Her arms were around my back and stroking up and down, and my arm was under her shoulders.
I dropped my other arm down her side and under her butt, cupping her ass cheek in a tight grab as a way to propel myself deeper into her. We grunted against each other, and her whimpers were deep and expressive.
Now, at this point, things got a little interesting. Although I knew what I was saying and I had control of myself, mostly?... I sort-of did-and-didn't control what I was doing.
There's a part of you, when you're making love, that's very animalistic, and deeply connected to the base part of our being?
Anyway, my words had started as a long series of "Yeah, feeling my cock in you, oh, fuck I love this hot slippery pussy, your cunt just sucks me up, so great, you're wrapping me, so fine..."
Into this mix, for some reason, I changed it into a whisper, right in her ear, "You will Obey Me. You will Do - Anything - I - Say."
I felt her, then, as flashes in my mind of her mood - not mind reading - but certainly assisted by Pat in some profound way. Pat was in both of our minds.
She replied, moving her hand to be over my head and pulling my head closer, right in my ear, "I Obey _You_."
"Again."
"I Obey You, Kevin. Anything. Anything you say."
This was a moment, a moment in a line of moments, a string of thoughts that went through my head, and came out of my mouth, and I only briefly thought about it. It reminded me, maybe that's where it came from, as a memory from what Mads had said.
My string of consciousness with words continued, and I felt Beth's hand on my back and butt, almost ticklish but beautiful, too. I knew she was listening to us, but I didn't think she could have heard our whispers, the movement was making some noise.
The next thing I know, I'm whispering ultra-quiet in Alice's ear, "Make. A. Baby."
Where it came from, I have no idea. I think the thought lasted about 0.5 to 0.6 of a second, and it was out of my mouth and done. Where I thought that might be a good plan? I was clueless. She was 18, I was 18, we were still technically in high school (though, really, we weren't anymore, we were 'ditching', laughably in orbit doing so), and I had no ideas about being a daddy to anyone.
Now, when I say it was fast, it was very fast. She replied into my ear, and said, "I Obey."
And, then, I forgot all about it.
I remember it now, describing this, but then, it vanished from my mind - it happened, and then, other things happened, and I let it slip away.
My mouth went back to spouting stream of consciousness stuff about how great it was, and Boom, I was coming, spurting hot and strong UP and INTO her pussy, again putting cum right into her os, gobs of white (via my mind's eye view) spattered on her cervix, her os closing and opening with my motions and her convulsions, as she, too, orgasmed again under me.
Strong and tight, I pumped, and pulled my head back to look in her eyes (when I could pry my own open), to find her desperation for me matching my own feelings, too.
I hadn't just started with it, but then, yes, I was there and aware, too, of Beth, right next to me.
Beth was laying by Alice's side, her legs open and her hand moving furiously on her own sex. I saw that and said, "Alice. Beth needs me."
Alice nodded, and I pulled out, not quite done convulsing, and moved over to get into her. Beth's hand was waiting, right there to guide me, and I moved up and pressed in, fast, too fast, because her face screwed up in almost-pain as I did so.
She cried out, "Ohh..hhhollddd onnnn...."
Of course I did, but settled around better and felt my cock still convulsing and wanting to be deeper, so I moved a little out, then in, and and her face calmed down, until I was deep in her, just as I had been with Alice, and All Was Right Again.
Moving with her, the grip felt different than Alice, much tighter, but also the sensations were... not worse, not better, not a huge difference, but still a difference.
I lay down my body on her, pulling down on her shoulders to push myself in, and she pulled in on my chest to urge me inwards, too.
"You're... only the second.... person in there," she panted, "And... Oh, this is sooooo much better..."
Keeping my body moving, even convulsing as my cum-spurts kept going, made for an interesting first time with her, until I got tired and just had to collapse on her chest, her thin body under me so soft in places and bony in others.
I relaxed truly, and felt out with my mind again, seeing if Pat would give me insight into what was going on in her body, specifically her breasts since her nipples were poking and I liked the feeling.
She didn't have a ton of breast tissue, not like Mads, but the same basic structures were there - fat cells, mammary gland milk production cells, milk ducts in a network feeding the nipple, blood vessels filling and surrounding everything, lymphatic systems shunting fluids around, and even erectile tissue in her nipple and surrounding areola that was making that nipple be so nice and pointy into me.
I asked, "Am I too heavy?"
Beth cooed and said, "No. You're... just right. But, while you're in me?"
"Yes?"
"Tell me. Order me?"
"...whut?" It dawned on me. "Oh." I took a deep breath, and looked into her eyes. "Obey me. Do Anything I say."
"I Obey You. I will do Anything."
I smiled at her, wondering what that was about, and she got a huge shudder of joy, flowing all the way through her. I felt it around and under me, almost like a mini-orgasm for her.
Tears dripped from her eyes.
I lifted off, and Alice made room for me to move. I lay on my side facing Beth, one leg over her, and Alice lay behind me, spooning me.
Alice's stomach burbled, and we laughed.
Beth said, "Cool sound! I love it when mine says, 'waa-waa-waa-waaa-waa'."
The imitation was flawless and we all laughed again.
I asked, "Pat, ETA?"
"ETA is altered slightly, now 11 minutes. Jan had me find an exact place to set down, near a restaurant that will be open. It's almost midnight there, on a weekday. Jan called ahead so we are expected."
"Thanks... Girls, we'd better get up and showered, or at least wiped off."
They kissed me and we got up. I opened the door, walked over to the bathroom and hopped in the shower for a moment - not a lot, but enough to not smell too much like sex, maybe.
My clothes were back in my room, but by the time I got there the girls were gone, dressed and probably back on the bridge.
I got put together and joined them, to watch us set down on an empty soccer field. We walked downstairs and out the cargo door into the cool air, dressed in the dark version of our cammies and wearing ball-caps from the light drizzle of rain that was falling.
Looking back, the ship was mostly hidden in the fog, but there was enough light from surrounding street lights that it would be visible if someone was close enough by.
The restaurant wasn't but a half-mile away, several minutes walk, and it obviously was a bar, too, with a bunch of locals chatting away and watching the TV, which showed replays of various scenes, including our descent and landing in Maine, the overflights and then the landing on the bridge in Boston, etc.
Cut between these were talking heads, mustache-heavy commentators giving opinions on what it all meant, and quite a few cuts to priests talking about the implications that aliens would have for humanity.
The guy behind the bar noticed us, and the six people there did, too.
Anna, who spoke Portuguese, walked up to him and said some words. He shut off the TV, and all 8 people at the bar turned around. Anna kept talking, and asked questions to each of them. They agreed, and handed over their phones to the barkeeper, who put them in an empty pitcher.
They all got up and walked over to us. We smiled. I said, "Hola. I am Kevin. I am sorry, I do not speak Portuguese. I'm in high school."
Anna translated for me, and they all laughed. I could apparently be forgiven for not speaking Portuguese.
We did shake hands though, and the barkeeper pushed some tables together. A lady came out from the kitchen and screamed, and came over. We smiled back at her, but she was just so startled.
The next hour was filled with them asking questions and us dodging them. We didn't know much. We didn't give away almost anything of what the interior was like, or what we did, but that we could see outside pretty well, and space was really beautiful. "But, not as beautiful as my crewmates," I said, and the men gave the kind of nods that said that this was so true it didn't bear notice.
I know they were looking at the girls with some lust, but like someone looks at a movie star with lust - not with any expectation they could 'get any', per se, it was all about the reality of their being smart beautiful American girls.
We had a lot of questions about what life was like in the Azores. They were very proud of their islands, their specific Island, and their village in particular - the beauty of nature there, the climate, the food they grew, their university over on Ribeira Grande island.
I asked about fishing, and they said it was horrible now, there was very little catch coming in, the oceans were empty, too many people were fishing and not enough fish were there to eat.
Anna talked for a while rapid-fire, and reported back that there are lots of chinese fishing vessels that sail in and sweep across the reefs, killing everything, but no one will stop them.
I asked if, maybe, they could cut the nets, but they said no, it's steel cables. Nothing is left, no place for the tiny fishes to hide so they can grow up.
This sounded tragic, and like something I might be able to do something about. It seemed like they had to know, to have eyes on the ocean, to see who was doing this.
I asked, "Hey, do you know people who can weld?"
One of the guys who could speak English (there were two of them) scoffed, "My brother owns a car body shop. He welds anything."
I said, "Do the Azores want a space station?"
They translated and everyone laughed a lot. They said they're a part of Portugal, and not a rich one at that. One of them said, translated, "Sure, but we have to have some kind of good price to get there and back. It's like a remote mountain cabin, right?"
We agreed, yes, mostly, and I described a simple dumbbell-shaped pair of tanks that spin end over end for gravity. Make an inner wall and an outer wall, for safety, pressurized, with gauges and tanks like scuba tanks. Build in some bunk rooms, ladders, etc.
Make sure there are bathrooms! Water tanks, toilet tanks, some kind of cleaning mechanism, whatever.
In the middle, put a part that branches out and doesn't move, maybe, with big windows or places for a crapton of telescopes.
Also, airlocks, and food, and plants, and paint the thing the right shade of gold, call NASA and ask.
They looked at me like I was kind of crazy, but one of the guys said, "Sheet steel? Cheap. Plate steel and box girders? Cheap. Hard part is the seals, probably the windows, too."
I shrugged. "You build it, fast, you get to be first in the world. Test the hell out of it. Get some aerospace engineers, just in case. Get a big engineering firm to sign off on good safety margins, I'm game, I'll put it up. Don't forget solar panels and a big battery - maybe use an EV car battery. Whatever. Do it very fast. Tell me when it's done."
I gave them Anna's phone number. We were full of great food, and I tried to pay, but they refused. Of course they asked if they could take our pictures then, so of course we all walked back to the ship and took a bunch of pictures.
I recorded an endorsement of the restaurant, how great the food was, and we closed up and took off.
On the way up, I called the lawyers and we checked in. A wire transfer would be coming in the next day, they said, from WHOI, for the first million bucks, but the work we'd done clearing orbits would take a while for USAF Space Command / Space Force to verify.
There were more things to do, but after I lifted up really high, we turned off the transponder and came back down to settle the ship in an empty valley far away from any houses. It was a good time to shut off our lights and call it a night.
Everyone got to work finishing the rest of their moving-in process, and making lists of things that would make ship life easier. Pat had no way of knowing what we'd need, after all.
First, we decided we needed some better cameras, if we were going to be looking at pretty things, it might be nice to take pics of them. Second, I wanted to talk to some experts on marine ecology and global warming, to know what we might be able to do about that.
The question of how do we help the global energy crisis got to be a life-changer.
Sitting around (we'd all gotten chairs and a big conference table for the bridge, by then), I asked, "Pat, I want to prevent the bad parts of global warming, maybe by reducing fossil fuel usage. Maybe, is there a way you'd suggest for that?"
"Most of the fast solutions involve harm to people. I can present them to you, but the ethical choices are difficult. Also, new technology can cause vast unintended consequences."
Beth suggested, "More PV cells? Those need pure silicon. Maybe... can we make that? Will that hurt the ship? Pat?"
"The Bison can melt any amount of rock, and as long as we can visit the Earth's surface every week, regardless of energy expenditure, it will not be harmed or depleted in any way."
Willa, normally somewhat quiet, asked, "Pat. Question about a refining method. Presume we pull some lunar regolith into high lunar orbit. Presume that regolith is primarily aluminosilicate rock. Can we melt that sphere of rock so it's just sitting there outside our ship?"
"Yes, easily."
"Can we spin that sphere, but allow the inside to be very liquid and the outside to be solid?"
"Yes."
"If we put a high rate of spin on it, and heat it to the point of ionization on the inside, could we separate it to constituent elements?"
"Only by jumping large voltages across a section, between interior locations. This is possible."
"Pat, How long would it take to refine enough silicon to affect global energy supplies?"
"Four days."
We all burst out with OHMyGod reactions.
"How much would we end up with?"
"From a medium-sized sphere of rock, approximately 175 times the current annual production of metallurgical grade pure silicon. For a large sphere, 5000x."
"If we sold that, how long until that silicon could be made into solar cells?"
"Between 2 and 20 years, depending on how much investment goes into building PV factories. The limiting factor is availability of saw blades capable of cutting this silicon into wafers. Constructing an ion gun, this could be done in several days, but I could not allow this use off-ship since it would have dual-use military applications."
"Are there other options to cut the silicon, for human factories?"
"Retrieving tungsten from a known source could provide enough saw blades to cut this quickly. There are large deposits on the planet Mercury to accomplish this."
"How long would it take to get there?"
"About 3 days."
"What would the mission profile look like, in stages? Can you put that on the wall?"
A chart appeared, with boost phase, our orbital trajectory, arrival, several orbits, refining time.
"Pat, call Marge, the NASA lady I met."
Ring. Ring.
"Hello?"
"Marge. Kevin Cooper."
"Wow! Oh my goodness! Long day for you?"
"Almost. Getting late. Question. If I was going to take a trip to, say, Mercury, and I was going to bring along some kind of orbiter or satellite or something, to take pictures, and just leave it there as a courtesy to NASA, would NASA have any such thing, like, in a closet somewhere?"
She laughed long and hard and said, "No."
Calming down, she corrected and said, "Now, hold on a minute. Here's an idea. How about you bring an old satellite, but a still-functional one? JAXA has a lunar orbiter now, it's busy taking pictures of the moon. Maybe if you wanted to bring that aboard, you could drop it into a nice orbit around Mercury. Trouble might be heat load, I'm not sure. It might be able to take nice pictures mapping Mercury's surface, though. Might be dicey with radiation, too. Heat load and radiation. Shiny metal foil might help, we could check on that."
It was on speakerphone, and Willa asked, "Won't Japan have an opinion about that?"
"They might like it, they might hate it. You can call our ambassador there, anytime. Hell, you can probably call their prime minister and ask, but conference with their lead engineer to tell you if it'll work. It's not my area - all engineers are NOT alike."
Willa said, "This is Willa Johnson. Yeah. Aware of that. Do you have the foil sitting around somewhere?"
"Yes, we have plenty, it's not expensive or complex."
Willa nodded and pointed to me again. I asked, "Marge, rather than us calling the prime minister of Japan on his personal cell, uh, can you have the head of NASA reach out to JAXA? Or, maybe look at your inventory, and tell me what to bring along? I have a lead on some mineralogy available on Mercury, looks like a good idea to head there to grab some. You have a day - 24 hours or so - before we leave. We'll be gone for about a week. If you don't have any satellites to bring along, we're just gonna leave without it and you'll be out of luck, try again later, that type of thing."
"Understood."
"Hey, one more item. I just told some farmers in the Azores to build a space station out of a grain silo."
She laughed. It really was funny, we were kind-of laughing, too.
I continued anyway, "Yeah, I kinda did. Seriously. I told them, make it double-walled, pressurized with separate systems for interior and between-walls, safety feature. Then, revolving door airlocks, seals, and some big telescopes if they can buy some."
She stopped laughing and there was some silence. "You realize there's a lot more to it than that, right?"
"Like what?"
"Airlocks are... standardized? Big enough for spacesuits? Having spacesuits at all? Docking collars? Uh... water doesn't move by itself, or air - you need air handling, with super-quiet fans, and scrubbers, or some kind of CO2 to O2 conversion. Uh... bunch of stuff."
"I'd really like it if these guys could have a success-experience? Maybe, if some small group of NASA friends of yours, with that kind of engineering expertise, but very hands-on fast movers, could help out? Say, visit the Azores for maybe 2 weeks, and get something Really Freakin' Simple built? Spin stabilized with two counter-rotating lobes, for gravity, a tunnel between, and a third section in zero-g with a lab and a shit-ton of robo-telescopes, maybe Celestron or Meade, with go-Pro's and telecoms?"
She paused.
I didn't interrupt, I knew she was thinking.
Finally, she said, "Uh... I'll pass that on... I might know some people who would be... into that."
Willa said, "Ma'am, I know about 500 MIT students who would stay up all night for 2 weeks straight to get to work on it. And, that's just the people I've met."
Marge laughed, "And, about 5000 NASA engineers, too. But, too many chefs, right? And, this is supposed to be an Azores project? So, some good designs... but they do the engineering work, if I get your drift? You want us to just verify it?"
"Yep. This is a national pride thing for them. Can't steal it. Best if everybody we sent spoke Portuguese."
She laughed again, "Not a lot of those in NASA, as a percent, I'm thinking, but... I think I can work this."
"Appreciated. If you help with this and make them look brilliant, I can help NASA look brilliant doing something else."
"Excellent. Where is this place?"
I told her and she wrote it down, and we hung up.
It was getting late.
The girls were almost done with the moving in. We'd had a full day.
"Pat, wake me if anyone local gets close to the ship? Oh, and... we'll probably want to get to the moon to do prospecting for metals, right? So, the ship's time is 9 pm, let's have you take off sometime about 4 am, really gently so we don't all wake up, and head out at a steady 1 g to the moon? Then, lunar orbit so we can find some pure metals we can sell somewhere. And, stuff that will refine to silicon. Whatever you want to do to make this plan happen."
"Understood."
"Ship's night, lower light levels for the next 20 minutes until we're all in bed."
"In process."
We all stood up, stretched, and headed off.
Mads came up and kissed me. "So. We don't have a system yet."
"For?"
"Who spends the night with you."
I thought about it. "You decide. Appoint someone to coordinate, so everyone gets a chance, that wants one."
She thought about it. "What are your criteria?"
"Same as before." I looked her in the eye. She knew what I was talking about.
"Got it. Rotate around, fairly. Timing."
I had a thought. "Oh, dang it! Everybody, come on back a minute."
They hadn't gotten far, so everyone trooped back in the main room. Some had pajamas on, some were still naked (wow!).
"Pat, put up the health list, spreadsheet, up on the wall, just name and 'risks'."
The list appeared.
I spoke frankly, admitting to something. "So, crew. I'm confessing here - Pat has been spying on you. That is, medical sensors. Pat has incredible ones, and can do some predictions. Here's what we found."
They all looked down the list, probably first at themselves and then at each other's.
"You can see - everyone here had some common problems - arteriosclerosis from too much fatty meats, and other stuff. Dental misalignment. Insufficient enamel on your teeth, gum problems, some cavities and fillings. Eyesight problems."
There were worse things, quite a few of them.
"Pat is capable of operating as a medic, within the ship. Those of you who had these problems, they will be fixed soon. No one here has an unfixable problem."
Kara asked, "My eyes are already better, but it's maddening because my glasses don't work but my eyes aren't perfect yet."
We laughed.
I said, "Well, it'll get fixed. You can ask Pat what your ETA is for good vision. Pat, what is it?"
"Vision correction will mostly be done by morning, for everyone."
"Pat, there's some pretty serious things on this board - breast cancer, pancreatic cancer for Willa, wow - what are the ETA's for those?"
"Willa's incipient cancer cells have already been killed. They will be excreted over the next few days. Everyone here should drink at least one liter of water per day to flush out killed cells."
Around the table, something that at first looked like an academic idea, suddenly got very real.
I said, "One thing Mads noticed, about hair. Mads?"
Mads explained about pubic hair and everyone quickly said yes.
"Also, if you want to be able to deep throat safely and easily, raise your hand?"
They all raised their hands.
In front of them, I thought, hey, this is the right time and place. "Pat, is there anything that can be done to reduce pain levels for period cramps, pregnancy, and childbirth?"
"Affirmative for cramps and bloating, but tenderness will remain. There are no side effects. The change is similar to hypnosis in that the pain dial will be turned down but will still exist, for safety reasons. For the painless late-pregnancy and childbirth changes, the side effect would be an increased chance of having twins. Given that, no part of pregnancy will be painful or risky, nor will the actual birth. Risk of miscarriage is also much decreased, and the number of years of fertility will increase by about 20% over baseline."
Mads looked around, "Who wants this...?" She raised her hand and looked at me.
Every one of them immediately raised their hands.
"Pat, enable those changes."
"In process."
Something else occurred to me. "Pat, is there a way to control the aging process so we don't get old, like, worn-out old, as fast as other people?"
"Certainly. These are epigenetic and proteomic changes with some side effects. These are listed on the wall."
The list appeared.
Disinterest in super-fatty, super-sugary foods and increased interest in healthy foods.
Increased libido / sexual drive.
Increased maternal and paternal instincts.
Inability to gain weight to excess.
Desire to run and play sports on a regular basis, as a type of restlessness.
Increased breast density and size in women (+20%) due to increased ligament growth
More prominent, stiffer, upright, and high-seated breast shapes due to tighter breast ligaments.
Increased tendency to become bored due to increased intelligence and creativity.
Every 20 years, supernumerary dentition where new teeth replace old ones.
Back on the original list, another column appeared, showing 'probable expanded lifespan' and number between 210 and 250 years.
I said, "I want that."
"Changes will take approximately 1 month to be complete."
We all studied it, and everyone except Anna said yes. "Just want to be different." she said.
I said, "Everyone who wants that, say, 'Pat, enable long life for me'"
They went around and did it.
That was it. We sat and talked more about what a day it had been. I sent a text to my mom, "Doing good here. Hope you're okay. Love you."
We broke up the meeting and headed to our rooms.
I brushed my teeth and got into bed, and pretty soon Willa and Chris joined me.
Willa padded in carrying the next day's clothes in a pile, and right behind her, Chris, doing the same thing. I was amazed at how beautiful they were, and that they were in the same bed with me!!
The parade didn't finish, though, because Tina came in, too, dressed in bottoms but no top, and took off her stuff before shutting the door.
The button for the lights was just an area on the wall with a square that said, 'Lights', tapping it turned them off or on, and stroking across in any direction dimmed or undimmed.
The machinery of this place amazed me. I didn't know how the levitation worked. I didn't even get how there were lights in the ceiling that just glowed.
We all climbed into bed, the lights off but a small night-light on near the door that cast tiny shadows on us. In a ship like this, there was no reason for there to be any light whatsoever.
Willa was next to me. "So, Captain Cooper..."
"Formal in bed?"
"Sorry. What do you want?"
"Uh..." I thought. There were three girls in bed with me. "Sex. I think I want, sex. First, though, I want to lick someone, and the other two of you should lick each other, and trade off, until I've gotten everyone to have a good orgasm. Then, we can get with the fucking."
They laughed, and I liked it.
Good Stuff.
== ==
That night, I got to explore Willa's body, and then Chris', and then Tina's, sucking on soft dangling boobs, squeezing here and there, surrounded by skin, and licking clits all over the place.
Honoring the order that they came into the room, I gave Willa orgasms first, then Chris and Tina, and then lay atop Willa. "Is this what you want?"
"OH God Yes, Kevin. Stop-a talkin' and a-get a-movin." Her Louisiana accent came out every once in a while, not quite French, but definitely different than I was used to from Modesto patterns.
Willa had had few chances, I was only the second person to have been with her, and the second time as well, so she was uncomfortable to start with and I went slowly.
It worked out, though.
Chris had been in chorus with me, and had a huge chest, which made for a soft cushion to lie on. But, she was a virgin, and it's a good thing I stopped because we figured out it'd be better for her to be on top for the first time so she had control on the depth.
This didn't work. She couldn't quite work up the bravery to lower herself, so we switched and she lay under me, and we tried it face to face. Of course, she was way shorter than me, so I had to push myself up so we could see each other, but the idea applied.
As of that afternoon or so, I wasn't average-sized anymore, so I certainly understood it wasn't easy for her.
Tina had been dating Tom McCaul, I knew that, but when I asked, she shrugged it off. "We weren't serious. We went on dates regularly, and... full disclosure, yes, we had sex quite a few times. But, it wasn't that energizing for me, and ... he doesn't have a giant alien spaceship."
We all laughed, since she ended that statement with a lip-smacking noise and proceeded to lick my cock off from what I'd been doing with Chris, then pull it up and sit back on it to ride me cowgirl.
Very nice.
== CHAPTER: Moon Mining ==
The next morning, I got another ride from Willa, who wanted to try being on top, and to be frank I didn't have to do much work except lie there and enjoy watching her boobs sway while she rose and fell on me. That was, until she came and fell forwards on me in a super-tight hugfest of gasping 'YES!''s. This kept going until my own cresting distilled my focus into internal-happyville.
Coming back to consciousness is rude when you're locked into a dreamstate of joy. Everything real seems so boring.
I felt the ship shifting and I knew we were doing something, so as soon as we finished I got a quick toilet-and-shower, dressed-again, and returned to the bridge.
Being away overnight seemed like a sweet vacation. I'd slept there the previous two nights.
It was almost 8 am, we'd all slept a long time. Someone set breakfast out for us - ultra-pasteurized milk, corn flakes, banana, a small blueberry muffin, and OJ. We were eating in style!
Our entry into lunar orbit was done, and we were in a fast low orbit letting Bison do remote sensing. A detailed map was appearing as we circled, showing deposits of various ores. A clear deposit of granite - nearly pure silicon dioxide - wasn't far from a vein of rock that was high-grade vanadium-nickel with some iron in there, too.
The deposit really was a long-ago asteroid strike, and was about twice the size of the ship. There were other deposits like it, it was just under about 200 meters of lava that had flowed in after the impact event.
Of course, it was on the far side of the moon, so no one could see what we were doing. I wondered if it was the best site, but then I figured that most initial lunar mining would be on the near side so it was better to excavate on the far side.
Getting into the chair, I asked Pat to excavate around the meteorite fragments, then pull the iron up and out. Pat's method was to use force-spheres, but she did something else with many smaller spinning spheres, magnetized, and a shit-ton of small fragments started flying out.
Accumulated and lifted, the final mostly-iron sphere was a bit over 700 meters in diameter.
Seven. Hundred. Meters. Diameter. Pure. Iron. ... Wow.
The sheer mass of it boggled my mind.
I kept checking with Pat about whether I was subjecting Bison to any stress at all, and Pat's response was, "None whatsoever."
Throwing the iron sphere into orbit with us, we started heating it and spinning it up. When it was just barely liquid but sticky, we left it and went back to do the same thing for our quartz deposit.
That one, we melted and spun up also. With both of them spinning, then, at higher and higher rates of speed, we heated them again, past the middle of their liquid phase (but not quite to their boiling points), and increased the rotation speed again.
Pat showed us what this was doing to the elements inside, either sinking to the outside or rising to the center, depending on density.
After about 6 hours, we headed back for Earth and pulled them with us.
It had been a full day, for sure.
The next task was to grab a bunch of pure carbon - coal from an arctic undersea coal seam - and put it inside the liquid quartz, then run electric current through the whole thing.
The ultra-high heat and pure carbon grabbed the oxygen out of silicon dioxide and made just CO2 and pure silicon. Since lighter things went to the center of the spinning sphere, that made the bubble bigger and the centripetal force / artificial gravity on the outside higher.
Pat said that, superheated and under pressure, it had mixed nicely, but might take a week or two to finish reacting and radiate away the heat.
Playing with our lava droplet was kind of fun.
The only difference between this and furnaces on Earth was the sheer magnitude of the work. The worldwide price of pure silicon was going to plummet, and the economics of that did disturb me a little, wondering if there'd be any 'unintended consequences'.
== CHAPTER: Mercury, Why Not ==
By the next morning, I had a call from Marge again, wanting us to know they had an Earth-sensing mission satellite already built and in storage, but it wasn't fueled. They were working on that. If we wanted to wait another 6 hours they could run through final checks.
I said sure, we were busy so we could delay a little bit.
Really, I had counted on NASA to introduce a delay into anything. They were kind of famous for doing that. In exchange for the delay, they offered up a bunch of super-nice cameras and SSD cards to put data on. We could, maybe, take pictures from orbit?
I almost burst out laughing, but refrained, it wouldn't be nice to Marge, and she was doing what she could. Mostly she'd started as an expert in Lunar regolith, but with me reaching out to her first, she'd turned into a liaison between us and NASA.
The humor factor was that giving us cameras wasn't so much a gift but a self-serving thing for them. I got it, politically, they couldn't 'give' anything to us, but they could 'supply' us with handy tools that would get them better pictures.
The other bonus was they gave us a huge variety of catered lunches from all the restaurants inside 5 miles from Johnson Space Center, and each one of those, Bison scanned in. That is, we got Bison to put the actual lunches into 20-kelvin storage, and scan them at the same time, so the food replicators on the ship could grow / print / create new food with the scan as a template.
In a quick comparison later, none of us could tell the difference between purchased and printed.
Off we went, the cargo hold full of two satellites, one a hot-spare exact-build-alike of the lunar reconnaissance orbiter, and an old landsat one we captured dead from orbit that Pat said could be fixed easily.
With that, we headed off for Mercury.
Pat told us we could get there in 48 hours instead of 72 if we were willing to take 2 g's instead of just one, but none of us were in that kind of rush.
== ==
Several times during the day, I felt a strong need to do something about being horny. I went into the bedroom each time, and whoever Mads arranged to be there gave me some Great Wham Bam (though they came, too, it wasn't one-sided).
Pat had put in some kind of change to their bodies already so that within two or three minutes of me being in there, they cooked off into an orgasm that shook their world.
So, I got to watch them from about halfway through to the finish, going to the Moon (metaphorically) and then I'd get to finish with them still cooking off.
After the second 'interlude', an hour after we left, I just walked back into the main bridge naked - I'd taken a quick shower and had my towel with me, but I wanted to see how we were doing.
The fact that I was naked made a stir, and Tina even got her top off before I told her I'd just done it, so I wasn't necessarily up for anything.
Still, as I stood there talking with Jan (carefully watching the avionics to see what was up, and reading through the data we'd gathered from melting the ores in space), Tina said she didn't need to put her top on again, did she?
"No, not if you don't want to. Boobs are great."
At the mention of this, everyone else in the room started pulling their blouse-jacket off, and then their top, and getting naked.
Wow!
Jan, looking around at us, took a long slow sigh, and asked if I wanted her to get naked.
"I'm not going to ask you that. You're the pilot, sorta, the communications officer, right? Do what you want to do. Not gonna stop you."
Jan nodded, looked around, and shook her head with an eye-roll. "What the heck!"
She bent over, untied her shoes, stood and stepped them off, pulled off her uniform top, and started getting applauded by the other girls.
This led to a little embarrassment, via a red-face and flushed chest, but she held up a hand and said distinctly, "_I_, for one, am not going to get Shown Up, by some Random Teenagers, when it comes to Looking Like a Beautiful Goddamn Woman in here."
This of course generated more whoops, and I realized that at almost 31 years old, she was by far the oldest person in our group. I looked down her chest and watched her pull off her pants, then socks, then, with a flourish, her panties, twirling them on a finger.
Her voice was falsely-dramatic as she said, "Wooo. Definitely. Wooo," and chuckled. "Not my expectation for this job, but, heck, we're going to a different fuckin' PLANET."
Something occurred to me. "Pat, what kind of radiation are we going to be exposed to on this flight? We're going a lot closer to the sun."
Pat replied quickly to assuage this worry. "Lower than Earth's surface. The interior of the ship, including the cargo bay, are fully protected by shields that shunt radiation around them. The Bison cannot shield against neutrino flux, but such flux even as close as the Sun's photosphere is negligible."
"Good to know." I turned back to Jan, and noticed her taut body. "I'm sorry we don't have exercise equipment here. You obviously work out."
She smiled, she was proud of her body. "Yeah, once a Marine, always a Marine. I've been slacking the last few days, I feel a little itchy."
"Pat, can you construct a treadmill for us to exercise on, and running shoes, please?"
"In process. ETA 3 hours."
Mads had come up to Jan and wanted to give her a hug, so I got to stand back and watch 10 girls come up and give Jan a hug, pressing their chests together even more tightly after Mads said, "OOooo, press those boobs! Kevin loves to see boobs squish together!"
This generated some significant laughter, but it was true. I did love watching it.
Finally, I took the chance to give her a hug, too, but I just opened my arms and said, "If you're comfortable, otherwise..."
"Oh, I want that hug, too."
Her chest wasn't big, but it was comfortable against me, skin on skin is always nice... and soon it was more than her. All of them crowded in and we did a giant group-hug, skin on skin on skin.
Someone grasped my penis.
I looked around, but then Jan pulled back her head and looked at me and winked at the same time there was a squeeze.
I was growing in her hand.
She said, slightly too loudly, "Kevin's gotta stiffie! Watch your butts, everyone!"
There was some mock-high-pitched-screaming, but then Jan said, "Can I share a bunk with you tonight? It's been a dry spell for me."
"Sure! Gotta clear it with Mads, though. She's doing scheduling."
Mads, right near us, said, "Sure thing. Alice has him right now, though, before dinner."
Jan said, "Check-fire noted. Alice, I've got him alert-high, so he's all yours."
The group broke up, and I got lots of cheek kisses and chest-rubs before Alice took me 'by the handle' and led me back to my room.
As soon as the door was shut, I said, "Lean over the desk, I'm gonna do you from behind, I think."
This was far more assertive than I normally was, but, what the heck, why not.
Alice, already naked, leaned over the newly-assembled Ikea desk and stood with her legs apart. Looking behind herself at me, we smiled at each other as I walked up behind. My dick was up straight so I bent it down and went forwards, pressing into her waiting pussy.
This was ...quite different from our normal dates.
She pushed back and grunted onto me
I asked, "Tell me, what do you want?"
"Fuck me. Fuck my pussy."
"Fuck what?"
"My ... cunt. Fuck my cunt, hard."
I pushed into her.
"Fuck, it's Good! Yeahhhhhh, ooh yessss push that ... fuck that cock is nice. I love your cock. I ...worship your cock."
"Even if my cock goes into your ass?"
She inhaled a sharp bit. This wasn't something I'd talked about at all. I thought it was pretty disgusting, and wasn't going to do it, but I wanted to see what her reaction would be.
"Uh...sure! Fuck me. I'm... not ... yeah. Fuck me in the ass, if you want to, fuck me all the way, slam in and make me yours... I AM yours. I'm completely Yours."
We kept rocking as I kept slamming into her with happy abandon.
I said, "I do LOVE this fuckin cunt you've got here, so tight and wet and wow, it feels ... amazing... Not gonna stick it in your ass. Not now. Probably not ever. Just wondering how you'd react."
"Kevin, you've got me. No question here. Completely yours. I ... shall... Obey... Anything."
Roundabouts that time, her timer went off, and she climbed Mount Nitaka in a beautifully convulsive and hippy-happy way. I benefited from her squeezings, her writhing ass twisting as I kept thrusting into it even through her orgasm, and then kept on riding it even after, as she calmed down briefly and started to climb again.
"Fuuuuuuuck!!!!" I came, slamming into her hips and pulling hard on the sides, to get myself any slight bit deeper than I was, deeper still, buried, spurting, painting her cervix, my cock fully wrapped and head touching enough of the end of her vagina to compress me there, too.
Well then.
I slumped down, still holding her butt tightly in place, keeping my cock up and in as far as it went, locked.
She sighed, long and deep, happy, and relaxed her grip on the desk.
We stayed that way for a minute or more, and I could feel myself declining slightly, so I pulled out. "Oh..."
Realizing I'd left my towel on the bridge, I pulled Alice up and spun her around and gave her a deep kiss, passionate and lip-smackingly good. My hand came up and grasped her breast with my fingers around the periphery. "I like these," I intoned while looking deep into her eyes.
Swatting her butt (not hurtfully but not too lightly either), looked into her eyes deeply and said, "I like these, too."
Pulling her face to mine in both hands, one hand on each cheek and tilted up so I could tilt down to it, I kissed the lips I was pushing in from the sides, but softly and with just a little soft tongue. Backing my face up slowly, I looked at her again in the eyes, and said, "And, I like what's in here," my fingers holding her head, "too. Very smart. Very sexy. Very... You. And that's a Very Good thing."
She kind of leaned back against the desk, and her eyes said it all.
I smiled back and said, like I was just figuring it out, "I left my towel on the bridge. You can have the bathroom first if you want."
Her head nod was just looking at me, an 'okay', a 'wow, what was that?' moment.
Walking out the door and around over to the bridge, I walked in and spotted my towel.
Beth was standing near the chair where it was. She saw me coming and said with a smile, "Oh, no, now, hold it, mister. That's not allowed."
"Huh?"
She came up to me and dropped to her knees in front of me, my still half-hard cock dripping from Alice's juices and my cum, "This, this needs to be cleaned. It's important to be tidy."
She sucked me in, tentatively at first, not sure about it, but then firmly and jacking, pressing (really, milking) any remaining cum out. Her smug "Hmmmmm" was just how it felt for me, too, and I said so, and thanked her, too.
== ==
Dinner was whatever leftovers we wanted; I had some Azores food, sopa de sagra, 'mother in law soup', which apparently is always a family recipe and thus varies all over. This one had small bits of potato and sardine in a cream butternut squash base. I loved it the first time, and wow did it just get better the second time.
Pat had provided a 'microwave' which consisted of a box with a front, you closed the box and the latch instantly applied the right amount of heat to make the entire dish the right temperature to eat, right there.
We'd all tasted all of the dishes on that first night. I picked one of my favorites: Lapas, a kind of barnacle, tender when fried, but it had to be full of butter because it tasted amazing.
We had gotten dressed for dinner, to sit on the chairs, and we decided to play some what-if games planning for our future endeavors.
I asked Pat about doing fix-ups on the satellites we were carrying, and the news was it was already done. Pat had replaced broken parts with new ones of about the same technology as the original. But, since they were parts Pat had made, they were so much better that they'd last a lot longer than the originals, even given the increased radiation environment.
We spitballed some ideas for how to protect fish, and asked Pat to run some simulations on whether they'd be effective, cost-effective, and humane for everyone.
Asking Pat what was possible, we imagined a superheated ball of sea-floor sand and rock, held in the air in a protected sphere. Letting a hole go in the sphere, liquid rock would squirt out as a stream, cool in the water to a rock arch or super-tough spiderweb (depending) truss.
Trusses, built this way could be layered over each other, each 20 meters to 50 meters long and thick as an arm, that had merit. It could enclose vast spaces if piled up, and we were planning on piling them up.
Pat said the Bison could construct a sponge-like labyrinth of jumbled rock trusses, a gordian knot of interwoven spars and threads of varying length and width, all impossible to pull out and break, impossible to suspend baited lines into, and only about a tenth of a percent rock-to-water. Or, more, if we wanted.
This was a thought.
The problem was, scooping up that much seafloor, might raise turbidity and mean the fish couldn't see. Still there's enough current, Pat said, to blow it away soon enough, and square mile by square mile, it would make an impenetrable web up to 1000 feet, 300 meters, thick.
If we put that around at the bases of the Azores seamounts, the fish population there would skyrocket. It couldn't be harvested unless the fish came all the way to the surface, and even then, boats would have to sail carefully if they had any nets. Other boats, regular ones, even deep-water draft boats, those would be fine, but only if we started 25 meters down.
Even the biggest aircraft carriers only had a draft of 15 meters or so, I vaguely remembered, so 25 meters would be plenty.
Starting with this idea, I wondered if there was a better way that we could do this, a faster way, a machine we could have the Bison construct, which would spooge out this material.
Or, even better yet, if there was a conventional way we could make this happen, with conventional energy sources.
Pat pointed to a possible device to make badly-refined aluminum cheaply. It didn't need to be perfect, it would be underwater and wouldn't corrode over reasonable timescales of 75 years or so. Bauxite was amazingly cheap and plentiful, so a field of solar panels that turned it into cross-linked chains and similarly confusing nest fibers, that'd be great, too.
So, we had some thoughts about what to build - at least until we came up with better ones.
== ==
That night, after Jan and I made love (yes!), we just lay in the immense 2-kings-together bed and listened to the quietness of the ship. There was noise, mostly from outside the door where it obviously had less sound insulation.
Carla was to my right by the edge, then Jan to my left, and Anna on the other side of her. If I really thought about it, with the crew being "limited" and my sleeping with three per night, plus more during the day, I could get plenty of action and most everyone could have some good orgasms on a reasonably frequent basis.
Jan had a much more businesslike attitude than the others, brusque but friendly. She got things done. Of course she did, really, she was a USMC pilot, for gosh-sakes, she said, and she could 'kill people in 12 languages.'
But, that was just her skillset, there was more to the situation.
"Jan, are you embarrassed you fell into bed here tonight?" She'd had some hesitation, I'd noticed.
She laughed, "My God, no, dude! I wanted you from about 10 minutes in. That's not ... that wasn't the problem. I just.. I think of you as a kid, like, a fresh-faced high school boy. I know, you're lots more than that, for sure. But, my perspective? I'm 31, almost 32 years old. I've been around the block. I've partied with guys that could break you in half. I've... done bad things, too. So, you're a good-guy, and I try to be a good-guy, but, I know, sometimes when you have powerful things, the chi has to flow, and the karma has to flow backwards, too, for the mistakes I've made. So, I wasn't sure."
I didn't want to ask about the 'bad stuff' because as a pilot, she might have been in combat, and that meant killing people, and there's no way around that part, it seemed to me.
Instead, I addressed the other part of it. "So, I'm too young for you? There are some advantages to being young."
"As we saw," she said, "and proof is right here in the fact these two beautiful young things are lying beside us waiting for us to quit talking so they can go to sleep."
I yawned, acknowledging that was a concern, and patted Carla's leg. "I'm glad you're here, all three of you. VERY glad. I don't think I could have done a tenth of what we've done if it was just me. It's hard coming up with good ideas, and all you girls...women, are making that just an absolutely normal part of this operation."
Carla turned on her side and snuggled up to me, her soft breasts on my arm. I turned and kissed her, and said, "Thank you for ... being here, I guess, Carla."
"Of course."
I kissed Jan again, and said, "Let's get the covers up and go to sleep."
We did, and as we lay down again, settled, I realized I was happier with Jan in the room. It was like she was a "real" grown-up. I had immense respect for her, but she acted like the other women in a lot of ways, too.
Probably she was trying to be professional. Technically, I was paying her, but then I was supposed to be paying the rest of the crew, too, and she'd never actually said how much money she wanted as salary.
It didn't matter. That was the answer - it didn't matter.
Warm and cozy and full of skin, we slept.
== ==
The next few days, were they busy?
NO.
We had nothing to do.
Mostly we just sat around and designed space stations. To be fair, Pat was excellent at turning a narrated shape into a model, sizing it, dividing up interior spaces, and adding the features we decided we wanted.
For one, we liked the interior-airlocks idea as a safety feature.
The idea for that is you have doors between rooms that aren't slide or flap-opens. Instead, it's an outer cylinder with two holes and an inner cylinder with one. Walk in, slide the inner one around to line up with the other hole, bingo, airlock.
It would literally never be unsafe, it couldn't be.
We also had to come up with an, is-it-safe indicator. For that, we figured we could have a balloon in both rooms we could see thru the window. If the pressure was low, the balloon would be huge. High, small. Easy way to tell if there's a problem.
Then, we had to have airflow, fans, that blew from one room to another, or every room would have to have an air regulator. We liked the idea of a widely distributed system, not a central piped one that could be taken out all at once.
Power systems, yeah, that was easy, and water, and sewer, those would take some designing, but heck, it should be simplistic, easy to build, and for sure that no one would have problems.
The design changed very little when we put it on the surface of a planet like Mars. For the space station, it would need a truss system and a set of counter-rotating masses to keep it stable, and an egress system that allowed travel between different sections even in emergencies.
We sent some of these designs off to Marge, to have them look and see if they were realistic, and what problems might come up.
And, I spent the time being a lazy bum, playing board games, reading my calc and modern european history for classes, and knowing, just KNOWING, I'd never have to set foot in a school again if I didn't want to.
We finally arrived.
Dropping into orbit, the bright side was super-bright, and the dark side had no moon to illuminate it so we had to make do with infrared scans, distorted because different elements in the dirt radiated heat away at different rates.
What was hot on the left side was cold on the right and vice versa.
Once we dropped off the satellites we'd brought, we started running scans.
HUGE, highly differentiated deposits were everywhere. The heat had concentrated them, making for every kind of 'rare earth' and actually rare metals, in sizable quantities.
Pulling them up to orbit, I knew our money problems were over.
Platinum group metals tend to be found together. The ore we had stripes, layer cakes of one type of metal over another, but sometimes it was just melted and dissolved together.
Pat also used some of the ship's magic/tech to filter out "normal" stuff like iron, silicon, aluminum, titanium, etc., since they were plentiful back home.
We bothered to bring some of the gold inside, 10 spheres of 1 meter diameter each. We had more, but with gold we really just wanted to see them in person.
The other half of the load were several large 750-meter diameter spheres each of platinum, palladium, osmium, iridium, rhodium, and caesium. I had asked Pat for the 'most valuable metals', choices based on spot prices, but when I asked the next question, the most 'useful' metals go get from Mercury, the answer was niobium, praseodymium, neodymium, and chromium (which was incredibly plentiful there).
On the outside, we started a boost back to Earth with 20 spheres trailing us, each 750 meters in diameter. Pat said this would use some energy but was nowhere near the safety margins and we'd get to Earth quite safely. Since we'd melted the exteriors enough to make them solid, Pat didn't need to wrap them completely in a force-field. That let us bring back a bunch more than just the technical limit of a single 1-km sphere.
One of those spheres we hadn't worried about smelting - it had a high percentage of gold, but the impurities were platinum-group metals, each more valuable than the next.
The ride back was a 5 day trip because Pat said it would take a while to slow the spheres into stable orbits, and we were cool with that. Slower than normal was fine with us, and we got a chance to be at a half-g for a while, which felt amazing.
At some point, during each of the 'interludes' I had with my crew, I asked (ordered, really) that person to 'obey', and to state they'd do 'anything'.
I didn't really know why I was doing it? I puzzled over that, but it seemed important to me at a deep and intuitive level so really just went with it.
There was Zero Doubt in my mind later that Pat inspired it, or ordered me subconsciously to do it. Pat probably even ordered me to be okay with being mind controlled. As my dad used to say, it's tough to fight city hall.
Nonetheless, I worried, but I couldn't do much about it, and frankly I was having WAY too much fun having sex with these girls, and they were having WAY huge amounts of fun having sex with me.
On the 2nd day of the trip back, I remember walking up behind Ella, really Dr. Fenwich but we all just called her Ella, and hugged her from the back, getting an instant positive response. I said quietly, "I'd like to take you now, if you wouldn't mind. Kiss first, then bend over?"
I wasn't even hard. I was SORT of hard, and I was for-sure super horny, but the idea of doing it, just right there in front of Jan, Alice Beth, and Kara (the others were in their bunks), seemed just so wicked fun that I thought I'd try it.
Ella laughed, threw her arms around my neck and we kissed a while, and she said, "I'm ready when you are, more or less, as long as I get some spit on you first."
She quickly unbuckled her pants, startling Jan who was looking over the scans we'd taken of Mercury for where we could get additional metals on the next trip. Jan looked up, her eyes right at Ella's waist level, and watched. Ella unbuttoned her pants, pulled them down with her panties, and bent over the table. This put Jan's face and Ella's face right in close proximity.
As I lined up, jacking a little to get myself fully up (and that only took seconds), I saw them looking at each other. I said, "Jan, Ella, kiss for a minute, let me watch, please?"
Jan raised an eyebrow, like, why, but shrugged and did as she was asked, bending forward and moving her head around to be able to match Ella's.
After I spat on my hand and smeared my head to get some lubrication, I pushed in and found no need for that, Ella was already making plenty. I wondered if she was like that full time.
I certainly wasn't objecting.
My push had jarred her, and thus Jan, and they both laughed. Jan held her mouth, over her front teeth, and said a muffled, "clinked".
"Oops. Sorry!.
"Mnnooo prorrbbem."
Just standing there, watching the screens, I had the sweet chance to just calmly rock my hip and push my cock in and out of the tight pussy.
I was in no hurry, it just felt super-nice, but Ella got more and more into it. She started coming, grabbing on to the table really hard as a bracing point, so I just kept on plowing into her, and she just kept on coming, and coming, and coming, small breaks in between but only maybe.
This was no fake orgasm. I could feel the pulses from inside, and the guttural noises she made didn't allow for incorrect diagnosis. Ella was doing a whole multi-orgasmic chain, and I'd kicked it off.
Beth and Kara came over to me, and Kara then decided she might like a go and pulled off her clothing to stand beside Ella. There's no mistaking it when a woman strips bare, bends over, and sticks her ass out in your direction.
I warned everyone I was about to move, and then, just did. Pushing into Kara, I was well-lubed already, and to be truthful, her sensations were different - slightly - not better or worse - than Ella's. I slammed in there, too, and sure enough, after a minute or two, Kara cooked off on her own cum-nanza.
I didn't last through this. I came in buckets-full, spurting and spurting into Kara, picturing it in my mind's eye filling up the cavity at the top of her vagina with hot creamy goodness.
We'd kept the original mattress made by Pat on the bridge, mostly because we didn't need to move it, and after a good relaxing breather I pulled out and headed over. My entire thought was, plop down, lay flat, relaxxxxxxxx....
Beth quickly came over and kissed me, then pulled my cock into her mouth to suck me clean.
Life was good, and I could nap when I wanted to.
== ==
We got back to Earth orbit, and I checked in with my Mom, and had everyone call their parents, just to tell them we're okay, but not to tell them too much about what we were doing.
We couldn't talk with anyone about what we'd done, just 'metallurgical experiments' and scientific geology stuff'. If we told the world? Bad plan. Doing a 10x or 100x (or more) of the entire world's rare metal reserves would drop the price incredibly fast and we'd have no wealth to use for other things.
As an initial plan, Pat got to work turning our tungsten into tungsten carbide for saw blades for Earth-based refineries. That would increase Earth's max output of PV, going forward.
As for ours, Pat created ion-gun slicing machines that would stay in ultra-high orbit and self-destruct after a month - enough time to slice up all our silicon, but not so much we'd have to worry about keeping the equipment safe.
As for the feedstock? Unwatched, it had partially failed.
The sphere was initially very molten and liquid and had reacted with the carbon to make the interior hollow and about half pure silicon, but as the pressure built on the inside and the outside had solidified, it cracked. All the CO2 had escaped, rapidly cooling the sphere. We didn't need the CO2 (it was well and truly dissipated), but the reactions hadn't totally finished like we thought they would.
Jan and Pat retrieved more coal deposits, cooked them in space to create CO2 and outgas any methane, and reduce the result to pure carbon. This Pat then placed it on the outside of the sphere evenly as a coating, and enclosed it again in a force field for heating.
The carbon, reacting to make CO2, had nowhere to go, so it suffused the entire ball, under significant pressure, and being spun back and forth with balls going through it to stir the thing up like paddles, it got all mixed in at super-high temps (not quite turning the boiling point of silicon, but almost). Once it completely reacted, we spun it up again to create density changes and put all the remaining carbon in the center.
Since an electrical charge flowing through silicon, as a liquid, would pull out any further impurities, those went to the poles.
The result was a rapidly spinning ball made entirely of eight 9's pure silicon, with only slag impurities floating on the outside or on the inside-bubble surface.
There was gold in there, too, it turned out - not more than we had already, but it wasn't nothing.
Our whole crew watched this with some fascination. I was looking at the RPM counter on the display, off to the side, showing the G-forces the ball was being subjected to, spinning inside that force field.
There is no physical way any human tech could have done that centrifuge action. At over 500 g's, the differentiation into layers of elements happened in a few hours instead of months.
After it was ready (and after calls to parents), we as a group sat around and talked through what we were going to propose, gaming it out.
We'd talked a lot about what changes were needed in the USA, and on the Earth in general. The US could be first, though, and with enough incentives, everyone else would follow.
Finally, time to call.
== CHAPTER: Extorting the President ==
"Pat, text the chief of staff to President Ortiz. Text is, "Need a callback soon, next few hours would be good. We will need to talk with the Treasury Secretary, and the Secretaries of Interior, Energy, Commerce, and Agriculture. Video conference preferred, need a number or web address."
The reply text took about mere minutes. Scheduled in 3 hours at ___. Web address ___"
This was long enough for us to fine tune and whittle down some ideas. We had our list, we were confident.
Finally it was time.
The web equivalent of "Ring, ring.." happened, and our screen resolved to the requested cabinet secretaries, the President, some functionaries, and the General I'd met at NASA Ames, in a conference room.
Pat helpfully put people's names and job titles on the video above their heads.
On our side, it showed us in a dark conference room, never mind the chairs were in a perfectly well-lit white-walled room.
"Mrs. President."
"Mr. Cooper, good to see you're back."
"You probably noticed we hauled some spheres with us."
"Yes, and we figured that your call now is in reference to that."
"Yep. First, the material we got from the Moon is mostly complete. The ones from Mercury are different."
"We'd seen that."
"We did some refining of the Moon one. It is now a sphere approximately 750 meters in diameter made from metallurgical grade, eight 9's, pure silicon."
The DOE secretary (I had Pat label who they were over their heads) gasped.
The President turned around. "Is that a lot, Dave?"
"More than the world's cumulative production, for sure... Not ... Uh... four-thirds pi r cubed..."
I interrupted, "Mr. Secretary, I'll save you the math. It's about 670 times the annual worldwide production of metallurgical silicon. Trouble is, it's not in wafers. It's also not strictly solar cell material, it has to be doped with just the right impurities, cut to wafers like I said, and leads printed on so we have a full PV panel."
They nodded.
DOE guy said, "We ... can't do that, very fast, at least. We'd need just huge amounts of electric power for that step, and the clean rooms, and wafer-die printing, and... Uh... I'm missing some steps."
"True. Here's my goal. I want to stop global warming. So, I want to set up some factories to purify this feedstock, turn it into polysilicon wafers and then panels, and sell them on the world market. This should drop the price of electric power, by the end of this maybe in a year or so, to about ten cents a megawatt hour, worldwide. The income from this venture should net at least $2 trillion dollars to me, well, and my crew."
The figure we'd worked up was closer to $30 trillion, but that number was both more-true and more fanciful than they could buy into, so I went with a fake-low number.
"That would be taxable income in the USA, provided I choose to put factories there and make sales there, etc. And, with the cleanest, cheapest power in the world, the USA would benefit."
She raised her eyebrows. "What do you want in return?"
"Your backing of a package of political reforms that will benefit the USA anyway, and which can be rolled out on their own anytime in the next month or two, at most. The list is extensive. I'm putting it in the chat window now."
Nodding, Pat pasted the text in. It was:
Free universal healthcare including dental, vision, and drugs;
free universal education from pre-k through graduate school
metric system round-number sizes for food, signs, and all packaged goods;
voting rights prohibiting gerrymandering, universal permanent registration, and mail-in ballots;
an end to fossil fuel / oil company subsidies;
speedups on permitting for lithium mining;
Designating 20% of U.S. territorial waters as marine reserves, only sport-fishing allowed.
(some other smaller items)
I saw them looking at the list and shaking their heads.
"There's no way I can sell all of this."
"I'm a U.S. citizen, ma'am, and I think I'm a pretty decent person. It looks to me like this list is really a set of stuff that should have been done already, except some powerful company or another got in the way. I'm willing to be the powerful company that is pushing back...."
They asked for a small recess to talk amongst themselves. Maybe 10 minutes later, they came back, and as they did, I asked, "Madame President?"
"Mr. Cooper?"
"I have something to sweeten the pot. I can put a deposit down on the factory land and purchase some government bonds if you like. I can pay ... in gold."
This led to silence, then the treasury secretary said, "How much gold, exactly?"
"At least a couple of hundred billion dollars worth, at yesterday's spot price. I'm willing to sell it to your government in exchange for dollars or other liquid assets. Or, I can offer it to the EU, or China. I probably should, to keep everyone feeling I'm being fair, I'm supposed to be helping the world, not just the USA."
It's worth noting that just one of the 25 one-meter spheres we had in the cargo bay was worth a $1B. That ignored the immense platinum and precious metals spheres I'd brought back from Mercury.
It's also worth noting that this was extortion.
If I put all this gold on the market at once, all the US gold reserves would drop in price drastically, and cost the US government a crap-ton of money. Or, if I sold it cheap to another country (the EU/China threat), I'd hugely empower them over the U.S.
Being nice about it and ignoring the implications, I said evenly, "Now, to help this, I can also offer to sell some amounts of other more rare earth metals as well, furthering the US strategic and commercial stockpiles."
She was squinting. I wasn't sure if she caught the implied threat, but she might have. She asked carefully, "In exchange for ... some policy changes that we're trying to get passed anyway?"
"Would it help if the companies opposing these policy changes were suddenly owned by other people?"
She laughed. "You propose to change the power structure of the entire political class in the United States, and ... you're ... "
"...In high school, yeah. Kind of a fun civics lesson."
The girls behind me smiled as well, but we didn't laugh. We knew how serious this was.
She continued, "I'm not sure I can do this. I can't officially have a position on you purchasing any other company for purposes of putting them out of business or otherwise dominating a marketplace, that's literally a felony antitrust law violation. However, I can look at your proposals and have opinions about what is presented to the public."
I nodded. She wasn't a lawyer, but she might have been getting notes on her tablet computer from some of them.
"How much will it cost to buy all the bad senators?"
Their whole room, and ours, burst out in laughter.
She said carefully, "I presume, since this call is recorded and subject to public records requests unless I classify it, that you mean 'how much lobbying do I need to do, as a political matter" and the answer is, bribery is a felony, so you need to talk to an attorney to ensure you don't accidentally break the law."
I laughed, and said I was joking around and I would never do that, that I was speaking satirically about how there's a common perception that many in Congress respond overly favorably to rich people's requests. I said I was entirely devoted to clean government, I'd make sure everything I did was beyond reproach, and that I looked forward to finding out what common interests I had with both the public and with elected officials.
They nodded and visibly relaxed.
"I'm in a hurry on the solar cell plant. How do I buy a bunch of land, fast, and build a factory on it?"
"You need cash in the bank, not just gold bullion. We can arrange a purchase, however. It would need to be handled by career officials in the Treasury department, legally, I think?"
The Treasury secretary spoke up. "Mr. Cooper. If you deliver some gold, anything over $1 million worth, to any federal reserve bank, say, the D.C. one, say, tomorrow morning at 9 am, and specify which US bank account you wish the money deposited in, we can do that. It's leftover from the 1930's, we can accept cash deposits in gold at a 'window', though no one really does that nowadays. And, it's not really a 'window', it's sort of a protected loading dock." He smiled since this was obviously an obscure, quaint thing to do and he was sort of showing off that he knew how it was done.
I smiled, "Excellent! I think I may do that. Please reach out to my lawyer where I can deposit several ONE-BILLION-DOLLAR gold 'ingots', as a practical matter of a street address and delivery method."
My smile was reserved and his eyebrows told me I made him nervous, but he said, "Okay."
"Second topic."
President Ortiz blinked. She probably thought she was done. "Yes?"
"I am willing to put a space station in orbit, of significant mass. Really, I want to, more than being willing. I need to have one. It doesn't have to be mass constrained, just construction-speed constrained - NASA has a way of taking a decade to decide whether to buy a hammer."
All of them except the Secretary of Transportation laughed.
"So, maybe something nearly already constructed, but rigged for zero gravity. I can lift almost anything. This is a good chance to get a giant space station for free."
She nodded, "I've talked with Margaret Davis, of NASA, about this. Seems you commissioned some Portuguese Azores people to build one first."
"Yep!" I laughed, "We had a great dinner together. I suggested it, as a point of pride for them. Global warming is affecting them, so, I thought, some kind of Earth observation platform. Anyway, I'm happy to help the U.S. put one up, too, a bigger one, certainly, just not FIRST. Azores one has to be first, I kinda promised them."
She got that.
"Anyway, I'm not, like, an expert? But, seems to me all the focus on the ISS was about making it super-light, and optimized this way or that, and, just kinda seemed, we could do better than that, with some heavy lift capability."
"And you want...?"
"Well, I like the idea of just doing it, and fixing problems as they come up. So, maybe, if someone wanted to weld together something, maybe, put it on the runway at Nasa Ames or wherever. I'd move it. Probably chunks of less than 100 meters diameter. Whatever orbit you want."
"100... meters?"
"Yes. And, yes, that's about the size of a light aircraft carrier or the USS Iowa. So, I'm serious, I want it fast, and simple, and very, very safe. Doesn't have to be light."
"Is there any reason you're...?"
"Mankind deserves better than being trapped on Earth. I have this sweet ride to help fix some problems, I'm going to do that. I liked the fact that the Azores get to do it first, if they can, so even if you're fast, they get first dibs for me."
The idea that I was being this nice to the Azores was confusing to her, I could see, but I let it go. I wanted to help them out.
She brought up some ideas, asked me some other things, and that was the call.
We had started a long process with the government, I had a feeling. It was like I had a box-truck that could drive up a mountain that no one else could drive up.
== CHAPTER: Doing the World a Solid ==
A couple of hours later, I was sitting at the conference table with 6 of the girls... women, really... They were making calls on assigned tasks like creating some telescopes for us to fly up. The rest of us were trying to spitball ideas for solving the energy problem, global warming demanded it.
"Pat. What are the limits to the technology you can transfer to me, or to mankind?"
Pat replied with the typical flat-toned unimaginative fact-based responses I'd expected. "Ethically I cannot transfer tech that would lead to military conquest. I cannot cause deaths for almost any reason. If some action must occur to save a great many people, but some current deaths must happen, this will cause great pain to you and the crew from enhanced ethical empathy."
This was news to me. We'd never talked about it that much.
"Is there any tech you could reveal or suggest, that would be of a small incremental nature, that would allow cheap widespread generation of electrical power?"
"The photovoltaic silicon feedstock you have isolated will solve this problem."
I'd been reading, and our group had been talking, including to some Sierra club people. "Pat, we don't have machines that turn that silicon into actual solar cells. Plus, we don't have inverters to sell, either, so DC power won't help all of them. Can we make inverters?"
"We can make several machines onboard but they won't solve the problem of inverters for all of the Earth. For that, human factories will be required."
"What about converting silicon wafers into PV cells? That takes machines... Is there a faster machine design, that could be built by humans more easily?"
"There are many designs that would be far more simple than the current methods."
"Like?"
"Here are the relevant technologies."
On the wall, the screens showed several, which after some querying, resolved into cartoon-simplified drawings of screen printing of connections and contacts made of gold onto the silicon.
"Could we do this? Could this ship build machines that would create solar panels, say, one meter square, with all required contacts, that would make 300 volts DC? Up here?"
"Yes. Such machines would require about 4 days to fabricate. The technology would need to stay in high orbit."
"How long would it take to process the silicon we have into PV panels?"
"Approximately 10 days after the machines are built."
"So, you're saying, two weeks from now, we could create enough solar panels to... how much power would this generate?"
"During the local daytime, it would exceed all known power sources on Earth by approximately 1200 times."
There was no other response. My mind was saying it, but Alice said it out loud: "Oh My God!"
Beth spoke up, her Ukrainian accent coming through very clearly. She said loudly, "Lets. Do. That."
"Pat, please identify impediments to mass production, distribution, and usage of such panels by the human population."
"Inverters will require fabrication. Linking inverters to make household supplies. Battery storage to retain power for nighttime use. Grid connection electronics for developed countries. Production of electrical cabling to enable this. Materials for above components including copper."
"Where can we get copper?"
"We have sufficient copper in one of the spheres we returned with from Mercury. However, as more is needed, additional supplies are available in large deposits on many planets and moons in this system. Much more was on Mercury, we just limited the amounts we returned with."
"Pat, please detail steps required for us to make money selling complete PV electrical and battery systems for residential and commercial use across all human populations on Earth."
The only words that appeared on the wall-screen were, "1. Business licenses from governments. 2. One additional lunar visit. 3. Instruct me to start production."
We all laughed. I said, "Pat, start production."
"Do you wish to depart for the moon immediately?"
"Yes."
We took off, accelerating forwards in orbit, the way to raise the orbit was to go forwards (counterintuitively).
I stood up and stretched.
Lara switched the topic and asked, "Pat, are there technologies you would recommend that would protect biodiversity, safeguard the environment, that kind of thing?"
Pat displayed a large list of items as a connected set of nodes with arrows, showing dependencies both ecological and financial, and then substituting in replacements of artificial but pure/enhanced-nutrition meats, fish, dairy, grains; replacing lumber with metals; transportation methods, pandemics among farm animals, all sorts of stuff appeared.
Lara continued, speaking carefully and reading from notes she'd written. "Pat. Please identify low hanging fruit - easy tasks for us - that would achieve the most benefits to protect mankind from pandemic, ecological loss, ensure a high quality diverse food supply, economic growth, and enable stable healthy population growth? Factor in devices that we could either release to the public or construct ourselves without dangerous technology transfer."
The graph rearranged, and rearranged. I had never known Pat to _not_ have an answer instantly, but this one required many rearrangements. Some circles appeared and disappeared, others turned red or green, lines appeared between them that turned into circles with red 'feedback' labels and then disappeared.
This went on for several minutes. I didn't want to interrupt, none of us did. I could understand some of what was being considered, but not all of it.
Finally, the graph settled down, nodes and lines between nodes turned green, and we looked at the result.
Settlements in space - free-floating, on asteroids, or on planets - that reasonably mimic Earth biospheres.
Incentives for frequent international migrations to reduce racism and violent nationalism.
Underground settlements similar to space-based ones, preserving surface space for existing biosphere use.
Safe, tasty, nutritious, and inexpensive meat, fish, and grains, first from plant sources and later from pure chemical ones.
Large-scale freshwater storage to combat droughts.
Automated enclosed hydroponic farms.
Large scale artificial protected reef ecosystems.
Inexpensive, reusable, and reliable space transport not dependent on Bison.
Incentives for larger family sizes to fight demographic collapse and fill new habitats.
Ban development on all artificial general intelligence, including the death penalty for transgressions - the 'Largest Single Threat' (Pat's capitalization).
We sat and digested this list for a few minutes. Someone said something, but Beth said, "Wait, ssshhh, I want to re-read this 3 or 4 times."
I wasn't going to disagree with Beth.
Finally, she asked, "Pat, what's the deal with 'space transport'? You want us to do some kind of rockets that you lift up? Are you going to give us tech from Bison?"
"No. Tech must be human. Bison's tech would reveal basic physics that could immediately wipe Earth from existence."
We all kind of sat there, stunned, but on the other hand, it kind of made sense. If Pat could heat a spherical kilometer of rock as easily as we'd seen it, YES, there were military dual-uses.
Lara, who'd asked about ecology earlier to prompt this whole thing, asked, "Pat, these seem to be talking about underground places to live. Every time I've heard about tunneling, it's super, super dangerous and expensive."
Pat replied, "You have technology already that can solve this. It has not yet been used for the purposes of digging."
"Elaborate?"
"Several technologies exist that use extreme amounts of electrical power but are highly reliable, broadly usable, and simplistic. First, a highly focused microwave laser tuned to frequencies of water. Aim at the rock face. Dry rock can be cut with a commercially available water-knife to speed this process. Trapped water flashes to steam, fracturing and spalling it. Then, a further set of x-ray lasers tuned to quartz frequencies can partially melt rock to a depth of 2 meters, solidifying it and preventing cave-ins."
"How hard are these to make? Who makes them?"
"Several companies, listed on screen, and experts are also listed."
"Pat, call the top expert in masers you have there... Dr. Shoe?"
"Dr. Shoe's CV indicates she only speaks Mandarin. I have asked Anna to come in here."
Anna showed up a moment later. We explained what we wanted and connected the call. It was the middle of the night.
A very confused woman answered the phone and Anna spoke with her. The "shoe" transliteration was better described as "Szshhoo" and I knew I'd not pronounce it right.
Anna asked her if she'd like some funding to work on masers, for us. She said no until Anna explained where the call was coming from. I whispered to Anna, "Tell her we can give her a sightseeing trip to the Moon as a bonus."
The phone went silent for a little bit, and she came on again and said, in perfect English, "What kind of game is this? Are you really Kevin Cooper?"
I smiled. She'd known English all along. "Ma'am, uh, Doctor-ma'am, yes, I am. I'm sorry for calling so late in your time zone. I'm not quite used to this world-travel thing."
"Yes, yes. We know this. You are supposed to be a high school student. I don't think I believe that. How do I know you're not an alien?"
I laughed. "Well, you don't. I don't feel like an alien. If you ask my girlfriend... girlfriends, they don't think I'm an alien, I don't think. So, probably not. If we were bad aliens, we probably wouldn't be asking for your help on masers."
"If you're using this giant spaceship, why can't you just get all the alien tech there? What do you need me for?"
"Can't use alien tech on Earth. Can't tell humans about alien tech. I can use it to fly the ship, maybe make some stuff, but I can't transfer tech that's too advanced. More than that... Well, It's complicated. Can I come and pick you up, maybe, you can see the ship and make up your mind yourself?"
"I am an old lady. You only fly with little girls."
"You will be welcome here. Maybe these girls could use some straightening up." I winked at the girls at the table and they laughed quietly.
"Fine. Come pick me up. Where should I go? I live in a big apartment building."
"We're on the way to the Moon, we'll be back tomorrow. Pack a bag for a week. Who has the best maser equipment, laboratories, in the world?"
"Mine. Well... no, not really. My government would want me to say, Beijing. Correct answer, University of Utrecht, Netherlands. They have more money than my lab."
I got to business. "Can we send you a plane ticket? I am nervous about landing in China for political reasons."
There was a pause. "South Korea would be easier. Or, some field outside of a city."
We negotiated, got the lawyers on the phone, and had the U.S. State Department on the call in a couple of minutes. They committed to granting a scientific priority work visa to Dr. Shoe if and when she arrived in the USA.
I thought it'd be better to have a conference, and get the leading people in a room at the same time. That meant hiring people, and finding them, and that was too much to do all at once.
The best choice was to empower Anna to convene all the best people in Hawaii for a 'General Technical Conference', and decide who needed to be there. She went off to the storeroom with Tina to work the problem.
The lawyers had said they needed to chat, so I called them back.
We had $1.3 billion in various bank accounts, they said, largely from NASA payments for clearing low earth orbit objects and directly authorized for quick payment by the President.
It just made me wonder how long the normal payment process was and the lawyers laughed.
The older lawyer said government payment schedules usually required a tarot deck and came out in units of random geologic durations.
I laughed huge at that.
The amount of small crap they wanted to ask me was irritating but I saw the reason why. They had to have a board of directors for various companies I was creating, and CEOs, and employees, etc.
I told them to randomly assign my crew to the CEO jobs but hire good people for the rest of the positions.
About that time we were approaching the Moon and I had to ring off. It was time to go prospecting again.
Pat had mapped a location of interest on the far side, so we came over and landed again, the second Moon visit Mads and I had had, but a screaming great excitement generator for the rest of the crew.
Pulling up on dirt with a succession of spheres, we created a tunnel down to our lode.
What Pat was after was a deeply-buried set of ores, melted together from some super-ancient process, with molybdenum and some other less-common elements.
After the tunnel downwards was created and the walls sealed with high enough temperatures to melt the rock and make a solid tube, up floated ore, which then was spun at high speed in spheres that surrounded the ship.
We were there 2 full days, and while we mostly focused on the spheres of metal arrayed on the surface near us, large rectangular boxes about the size of the cargo bay appeared below us.
No view was available from the cargo hold, and the door there was probably locked, not that I'd want to breathe vacuum or whatever was in there.
The boxes added up to nearly the size of our ship as they were stacked.
We thought that would be it, but Pat started on another.
The third one appeared, and then all 3 lifted off and were thrown into orbit.
Eventually, we lifted off to follow them, bringing more spheres of almost 1 km diameter each back with us. Each was of a pure metal - molybdenum, titanium, chromium, and copper, and a last one of slag with some other 'valuable stuff' we might need.
We took off again, heading back for earth orbit.
Of course, the factories Pat had created appeared ahead of us, tied together by a framework. Once we got there, a process started where Pat sliced up the pure silicon sphere into thin, 1 meter-diameter squares and loaded them into a hopper that could be fed into one end of the rectangular doodad.
I didn't need to know how it worked. Pat insisted it was all man-made tech, just with some small differences for orbit, and it quickly started accumulating finished solar panels.
This could run automatically, so we dipped down and went to our conference.
The businesses we were starting were taking full-time for my crew. They were spending most of the day on their cellphones, and I was getting less and less time for sex.
All work and no play makes Kevin a horny boy.
Mads, Alice, Ella, and all the others helped, but sometimes the person who was next on the list was busy.
I found I was wanting to have sex or do something about every 2 or 3 hours, which seems like a lot, but I was just bubbling with wow, seeing all these gorgeous girls walking around me, frequently without anything on.
What's a guy to do!?!?
I did laugh at myself, though. I knew my libido had been turned up to 11, but as a pastime, it's pretty damn nice.
One of the perks that I didn't expect was helping people with problems. Two of the girls hated their hair, saying it was too fine and they couldn't control it easily. Ella complained that her boobs were way, way, way too big, and could we do anything?
Pat replied yes and gave her options, complete with lifelike pictures of what the result would look like. Ella chose one and was told it would take 3 weeks but wouldn't hurt. She was so happy she kissed me again, which of course was enhanced by the pleasant feeling of soft boobs pressing into my stomach.
== CHAPTER: Reorganization ==
With so many ideas going at the same time, I was asking more and more questions about how I could help the world, and letting several girls go so they could manage projects and coordinate people, meant I really needed to have more crew onboard.
With some help from Mads and Willa, we chose 20 more girls to come onboard, mostly from the USA, but some from Germany, Japan, China, and India.
The FAA issued us a 'tail number' and a flight worthiness certificate from demonstrated capability, which combined with reasonable fame allowed us to drop into almost anyone's airspace, which I made a habit of doing from 30k meters (90,000 feet) over a well-traveled route so we seemed like a more normal aircraft.
To keep things on an even footing and prevent problems with their families, we picked them up from private airfields instead of just dropping onto a soccer field here or there.
One girl, from France, Pat said, could not come aboard. Her family was being threatened by a drug cartel and her joining our crew would have placed both them and her in danger. We reported the whole thing to the police, but it was too complicated and we ended up missing out on her.
Secondarily, another girl couldn't come because it turned out she was actively sick with a slow-growing cancer and was already in trouble. Pat said she would have been able to help her, but human medicines could also do so and she would be ill for a month at least, and we needed people sooner than that.
One face was familiar - Dr. Shoe!
Of course, being older (54 years old), she had some gray hair. That said, Pat assured me that within 2 weeks she would regain much of her cellular youth and would live a nice long life.
We'd had her come aboard, so we could 'ask questions'. Really, though, Pat suggested that we change out some crew and have some temporary crew, so Pat could 'guide' them.
I knew from my own experience this meant having images and ideas appear in my head, and had benefited from Pat's ability to show me how parts interacted in existing systems.
Pat had done this for the other girls, and for Dr. Shoe it would let her explore possibilities faster than talking over a phone. Pat also told me about giving Dr. Shoe some 'clues'.
Later, reviewing her work, Pat pointed at these as simplistic inevitable enhancements.
With more people, we needed more space.
Another bunk room next to the first one added sleeping space, as well as a pair of triple-high queen-size bunk beds in my stateroom. This meant that I had some choice in the middle of the night.
More than that, we got some conference/phone rooms, a relaxation room (couches and 'TV' that could get any channel or anything recorded, ever), and an institutional-sized kitchen. Those filled out the rest of the floor area on the top level of the Bison. We had one more whole floor to use if we wanted to, but at that point Pat was using it for 'storage' and said it would be available, 'when needed'.
We didn't really need it yet, she was right.
One of the first aboard of our new crew was Gretchen Cole, the first crewmember who was taller than me. She was 6'1", and I was right at six feet (I know, US measurements, ug).
I felt odd looking up at her for a little while, until she bent over to kiss me (on both cheeks, being French-German) and it seemed perfectly natural. She smelled nice, too.
For all of the crew newly arriving, they took some adjusting to the idea that I took very regular sex breaks during the day. At least, it was unusual for the first few hours, and I suspect... I know that Pat had a lot to do with this culture change.
Gretchen specifically asked me about it, maybe 3 hours after we'd picked up the last of the new crew. We were on our way to a small town in Japan for dinner.
She asked, in broken English, "Kevin. You having much-much sex, no? You going conference room short ago."
I shrugged and said, "Yes. I like sex. I have a lot of sex. With the crew."
"You ... expect ... crew making sex you, also new peoples?"
"Only if you want to."
She pondered this, squinting at me in a small evaluation. "You are, very sexy-man. I enjoying look at you. I think you much sexy. When ...?"
"Talk with Alice. Ask Alice."
Not but 2 hours later, I called (not too loud, but loud enough for a few to hear me), "Sexytime," did something to finish up my task, and walked off to my cabin. There, waiting for me, was Gretchen, sitting in a bra and panties, on the side of the bed.
I shut the door behind me and started taking off my clothes, dropping them as I walked. "Good to see you."
"Ya, ich auch... I also yes," she replied, and stood, reaching below to pull off her jog-bra and let her gorgeous D-cup+ melons come free. Her body was tall and athletic, with surprisingly muscular-looking shoulders that it turned out had been from collegiate volleyball.
She dropped in front of me and held my hips, and looked at my cock, sticking up at a 45-degree angle, from the side, bending it around, then sniffing. Approving, she pulled it down enough to suck it into her mouth, starting a bobbing process that was very, very nice.
I stopped her after a minute, pulled her up, and we kissed for another couple of minutes before going down on the bed. She wanted to know if I wanted to be on top, or her, and I chose to be on top of her since there'd be no fear of her being 'too fragile' or anything.
Normally I didn't worry about the girls being smaller or larger than me, and I for-sure out-weighed her, but the height thing was kind of fun for me.
Dipping down to lick her out, pushing her legs up and to the sides, I got a great treat - her taste was delectable to me, more so than the first crewmembers at least. That led to having a fun time just licking her silly and making her cum twice, shuddering and pinning-tight my ears while she shuddered around.
Fingers inside don't lie about orgasms. Fluttering rhythmic muscle contractions? I doubted that it could be faked even if someone wanted to.
After she'd settled down from the second one, I sat up, positioned my cock to swipe up and down her lips, and waited, looking at her eyes. The desperation and wanting were unambiguous, so I pushed in just a tad...
And met more resistance than I was expecting.
She nodded, "Yah, Yah, bitte, bitte jezt..." (please, now).
I moved in, got resistance again, and then pushed harder, and broke through.
She'd been a virgin!
In college, and a virgin, and an athlete, and an amazingly beautiful person? I was startled.
She cried out! Sharply, she screamed, but then cut it off, and said it was okay. I stopped and waited, but she got her breath back and pulled in on my lower back to get me moving again.
Wow!
Setting up a rocking motion, her legs came up to bend around behind mine, pressing in on me to urge me into her, and I did press, regularly, not fast, but not slow either, loving the sensations of her soft skin, her caring eyes, the dots of hard nipple on my chest, and the slippery hot grip her pussy had on my cock, sliding in and UP ... buried, then out and down, relax, and UP IN again, and down...
I'd established there was almost no variation in how long I'd last while making love, always between six and seven minutes, but my inner urge to start going very fast in the last two minutes was kind of something that I'd gotten used to about myself.
Gretchen loved it and started coming, probably to her surprise given her rapidly-dancing facial expressions, culminating in a climax that had her pulling so tightly on my back it actually felt constricting on my breathing.
I kept going through her climax, faster and faster, until I came, too, Slamming Slamming Hard and IN and UP SPURT and IN SPURT to her hot FUCKKKing cunt YESSS spurting IN there with a reckless abandon, HARD IN deeply DEEPly yes YESSSS ooooohhhh fuck FUCK yesszzz....
There might have been some yelling, and it might have been me. Okay, yes, it was me.
We slowed down, and I caught my breath, too, feeling all of her inner pussy surface bending and holding the head of my cock as it rode up and down that passage in tiny movements even in declining motions of happy relaxation.
Pulling my head back up to look in her eyes, I could see she was crying, but I knew it wasn't sadness, the tiny crinkles at the corners showing her broad happiness (not to make a pun).
We talked for a while, but then it was back to work time (I had some meetings) and we headed back to the control room.
My third meeting (after talking for two hours with various heads-of-projects) was a meet-and-greet with Dr. Allison Kraft, a new crewmate from the Netherlands, and one of the oldest people (besides Dr. Shoe) onboard. She'd been working on ITER, the tokamak fusion project in France, but they'd hit some snags and the project wasn't turning out to be that useful.
We sat down in a conference room; she'd been aboard about a day at that point and we'd said hello but the point of the meeting was to find out where she was with the physics.
She said hello and we sat down.
I asked if her accommodations were okay and she laughed and said it was better than her summer cabin in Finland so she was not arguing, and the food had been good.
"I have several things to talk about," I told her, looking at a translation of her resume on the wall-display, "and these are, first, if you've heard of Dr. Booth's work in Boston, second, how we can disguise some improvements we're going to suggest, and third, whether you will be interested in a trade that involves some personal matters."
"Dr. ...Booth? No."
"Grad student. Did some work about 3 years ago on theoretical Polywell and Z-Pinch reactor designs."
"Not familiar."
"Here's the thing. Pat - the ship's computer, can suggest things _only_ that have already been discovered by humans or are otherwise utterly obvious improvements that will come soon, in tech development. The goal is to give humanity a way to generate electrical power, fast - in the next year - but not introduce military tech, as an ethical issue."
She smiled widely and nodded, her long hair waving with the motion. "Ya. This I understand. Bison must remain neutral or it becomes a military target itself."
"More than that, it's an internal ethics thing, and it's something I feel deeply about. Regardless. Here's a diagram of something I've thought about, and I'd like you to imagine. First, you set up a polywell to shoot toroid waves into a stellarator which then self-propagate against boundary layers, here, and here..."
I should mention that I was getting somewhat more familiar with these physics concepts over time (with Pat's help), and though I was a long way behind her, Pat said Dr. Kraft was the most likely to be able to pick up these ideas quickly.
"Hold on!" She stood up from the mediocre office chairs we were sitting on, and walked over to the wall. "You say, this Dr. Booth came up with this?"
"Almost. He had the self-propagating wave theory, but he didn't apply it to the stellarator. That, you are doing."
"I'm doing this? You just laid it out!"
"No, YOU just invented it, in your head, as I said a string of words I barely understand."
She laughed but was too thunderstruck by what she was seeing. "This could... You could get arbitrary beta values... scaling with ... wow, yeah, we could do this...!"
"You would agree this is a viable candidate for an experiment?"
She laughed with an incredulous 'duh' response of "YES!!! SOOOoo going to do this!"
"You can write up the patent application?"
"...I think so? I'd need some attorneys, I think. I've never done that."
"Good. That's your project onboard, write it up. Then, go back to Boston, maybe in the next week or so, once you've run some simulations on potential designs."
"On what computer?"
"Pat can run any simulation you ask for."
She nodded. She wasn't used to the idea of Pat yet. "Ah."
"You will get invention credit, and 10% of patent fees. My corporation gets the 90%."
"Okay? This will make more money than God."
I was still smiling. I knew where I needed to use the money. "I already have more than that. And, it won't be that much, we have other plans going to help the power supply."
"Won't be small though. Probably a medium-sized office block and a year from now, you'll have a working example." Something dawned on her. "We could do... Proton-Boron-11 fusion in this! Direct electric generation!"
I was aware of the idea, "Good to hear." I cleared my throat. "You'll need to give away some credit for this and ensure the academic credit mostly goes to other people. I don't want to get in the habit of making Nobel prize winners, the credit should mostly go to other people. We should just recognize the commercial aspects."
She thought about that for a moment. "You could have as many Nobel prizes as you wanted, with Pat giving you clues."
"Exactly. The point of this is, humans do the work, Pat recognizes things. Otherwise, all scholars and engineers will get fatalistic and just go into a 'why bother, Pat will solve all our problems' slump."
She nodded.
I'd had this conversation several times already, I was used to it.
The last part I wasn't used to, but I wanted to pursue it.
"Third. I'm curious about your interactions with me while you've been aboard. We've seen each other several times. I've seen you around. I know from your bio that you're 35, divorced, step-mother to an 18 year old Korean girl named Daeso, though she's at University now. Correct?"
We were looking at a bio on the wall with pictures of her from her social media I'd just brought up. She nodded.
"I am about to offer you a trade. This offer, and the result, and anything about it, must remain utterly secret for the next 2 years, not even when confronted will you admit to anything."
Her attention had been on the fusion stuff, still, but this kind of talk brought her back to being centered on me. "Yes? Oh, yes, I agree to keep the offer secret. What's it you want?."
"Very well. The trade is that you get perfect health and a very long lifespan - well over 100 years, while being and appearing to be about age 25, at least until you're over 100."
She looked at me with suspicious eyes, "In exchange for?"
"Bearing and raising several children by me."
This was confusing, "That's ... it? Are these going to be alien children or something?"
I laughed, "No, normal humans. I had a small family. I want a large family. I don't want to do much of the work, so, yes, I'm lazy. I'm willing to financially support everyone, for gosh sakes, you're going to be one of the richest people on Earth in about 2 years."
She sat back, and I could tell she was deep in thought. "You won't interfere in how I raise the children?"
"I ask that you tell them who their father is once they're old enough to know it. I'm Catholic, so I'd ask you to bring them up in some spiritual tradition, even Buddhist is fine, I just think that's important. Otherwise, I'll have to trust you, yes."
She thought for another few minutes - a long time to sit there without talking - and said, "I agree."
"Excellent."
Her gaze returned back to the wall, and the diagrams. "Uh... what's the ... timing?"
She wasn't talking about fusion reactors.
I shrugged, "Talk to Alice. Put yourself on the schedule. I'd ask you to go right now, I'm horny, but I'm not going to put you on the spot."
She stood up, grinning from ear to ear, and said, "In my wildest dreams, I didn't think I'd get invited to come here - on this ship. Then, when I get here? You're this normal, nice guy, and everyone around is so genuine and happy to be here. Then, THEN, you show me THIS, and ... save the planet, almost, and... THEN THEN, you tell me I get to get like a fountain of youth thing, and, THEN THEN THEN, I get to have kids, when doctors told me I couldn't."
This worried me, I hadn't considered whether she might be unable, since Pat would really have mentioned it, I thought. Turning to the wall, I said, "Pat, display Allison's health status."
The normal status record I usually saw showed up, complete with uterine polyps, fallopian tube obstructions, high chances of fatal stomach cancer starting at +6 years, and Alzheimer's at age 68.
She gasped and started crying.
"Good thing I said yes."
"Yes. I might have asked Pat to treat you for the long term stuff anyway as a goodwill gesture. If you got cancer after having been onboard it might reflect badly on us."
Her hands over her mouth, she was still crying.
"You want some time alone?"
"No, no... who do I call first?"
"About?"
"To say goodbye?"
I chuffed. "Pat, can we treat her problems?"
"In process. As crew, I started fixing her when she came aboard. ETA on the last fix is 3 days."
She cried for a while; I read some emails on my phone.
I moved on, "So... your next steps. Focus. Create a team. Call up some people. Give away nothing, get them to fly to Boston, Pat will tell you where. They'll sign NDA's, and work with the attorneys."
We talked for a while until I stood up and she stood, too, coming around the table.
I opened my arms and she accepted; it felt good to hug her, like she was totally into it. Pulling away a little, I bent down more and kissed her cheek.
She changed the cheek kiss into a mouth kiss, and my mouth kiss turned into a more-kiss. Asking Pat to turn up her stimulation level, we got naked, and busy. I laid her down on the table and knelt down, nose and lips in, and gave her a big-happy, which she was quite eager to get.
Standing again, I held her legs up, looking down at her slightly flabby 35-year-old boobs (versus the 18-year-old ones I had been looking at), and at her overjoyed face, and pressed my cock in her folds, finding a warm, wet, welcoming spot there to stroke in and out of.
My thumb, even while she was there, found her clit, and she cooked off to a long string of almost continuous orgasms as I just kept stroking in.
Life is good. Sex is good. We should all have more sex.
I came, spurting and happy, throwing my head back and groaning with the joy of it as I did fairly often, and loved that my sperm was going someplace useful.
As I relaxed and slowed down, I internally asked Pat for a visual, and was shown that (certainly not by accident), Allison had ovulated on both sides the day after she'd come aboard, and her birth control drug's effectiveness was at zero.
The obstructions in both fallopian tubes had been tiny polyps, which were mostly drained already, and wouldn't interfere with the both descending eggs. The data overlay Pat typically gave me showed the chances of fertilization would be above 90% for one of the two, or 82% for both.
Well then. Good times! And, one hell of a smart lady. Whoever these kids turned into, they'd almost certainly be above-average smart.
She spoke as I pulled out, holding her legs back and open. I said, "Might want to lie upside down for 20 minutes."
Still panting, she said, "I'm on birth control."
"That might not work, this time. Might as well stop."
Her appreciative smile was open-mouthed because of the breathing, but she said, "I love it."
I nodded.
"And, Kevin... I love you, too."
"Not my fault!" I laughed, "But, yeah. I don't know you well enough to love you yet, but I can say I love a lot of things about you already."
We got dressed, and she took off for the bunkroom. I saw her prop herself up on the wall-side with her hips up in the air, and I knew she had to have tried to have kids before if that was a move she already knew.
== CHAPTER: Bases and More Bases but Few Basses ==
We went ahead with our legislative agenda, put some teeth into it by noting who we'd do business with and who not, just like I told the President.
The EU already had most of my decidedly liberal ideas, so they were onboard. China was pretty close, but they didn't have free-and-fair elections and we had to negotiate a little. Our push was for local officials to be chosen in free and fair elections with ranked-choice voting. This didn't threaten the national leaders to start with, but we advised them that as time passed, higher and higher offices would need to be elected posts.
China was deeply suspicious, and frankly they didn't like Bison, or me, or anything to do with us.
It made sense. China had lots of large-scale refineries that processed ore into pure metals, and we were competing with that. On the other hand, more materials let them build stuff faster and they were all about the fast growing aspect of it.
Plus, one of the limiting factors on Chinese economic growth was electric power, smog, and protein availability. We were uncapping their potential with clean power and inexpensive artificial fish meat made from soy plus yeasts.
A shipyard in South Korea built a set of habitats and almost beat out the Portuguese (Azores) one, but we put the Azores one first out of general principles. It wasn't quite done, but there was enough done and it was sealed enough to give them an orbital platform.
The pet project I wanted to start with was a 'proof of concept' POC base where people could live and demonstrate it was possible. People had odd ideas of what was possible.
Until some people see it, it's not real.
As soon as someone's doing something, and being bored by it, then it gets very real.
My POC (proof of concept) base would be (for travel time simplicity) on the Moon, at the south pole.
I had the ship (really Pat) excavate and fuse walls solid for a set of tunnels about 30 meters below the surface. The size was impressive for the standards then, about 20,000 square meters of floor space and tunnels, plus the tunnels to get down to them.
The design was from an US Army base and the furniture was Ikea, but the base was functional and useful if minimal in amenities.
I wanted to establish that it was possible to have a good and useful base on the Moon, and have 'normal' people there.
Parts of the lunar south pole are permanently in shadow, and ridges permanently in sunlight. Extremes of temperature are thus very normal, though we weren't walking around much outside yet because pressure suits are surprisingly high-tech.
The important factor was putting it next to a large subsurface glacier of water, since transporting that from off-moon is a giant hassle.
On other nearby crater rims, we put sets of sun-tracking solar panels, and a backup RTG courtesy of the French government. The USA had too many rules on that, but the French were happy as long as they knew it wasn't being stolen or misused.
The base, of course, was Owensville.
We named it in honor of Jesse Owens, not U.S. Senator Clyde Owens, Owen Wilson (actor), or any variation on the concept of the verb 'to owe' an obligation.
Jesse Owens' legacy was advocating for free interchanges between all peoples regardless of race or nationality. We extended that ideal for studies and development of athletics and health studies on humans living in lunar gravity, regardless of Gender, but I'll get to that.
In terms of the core base, I had Pat excavate tunnels and (by increasing the temperature in the surrounding rock) fuse the regolith of the tunnel walls to seal them tightly, then use additional poured-lava to flatten the bottom of the tunnels so they were walkable.
This made a set of spacious sealed tunnels ('galleries') and open spaces ('pillar farms').
Airlocks let people and rovers (ATV's and SUV's, kind-of) in and out for exploration and dirt-moving. Sets of garages and tunnels led up in many ways to the surface, using different designs to see which ones were easiest and most favored by residents.
At the start, it was just empty, huge (low gravity, natch) unpressurized tunnels, with shipping containers full of equipment and tools, and limited living quarters until they set up some.
The remaining setup work (after excavation and configuration) had to be humans. That meant lifting and moving and unpacking and building and welding.
Why would anyone subject themselves to this? Answer: Fame, fortune, money, science, and Fun.
Of course, absolutely everyone wanted to go.
I had utter discretion over who would go and stay, what the design would be, etc. It was my project - I could make the rules.
In most of the US and Russian space programs, there had been strong underrepresentation of women in the crews. I aimed to fix that. In all of healthcare, studies of drugs and effects on women were avoided due to pregnancy liability and 'complications' thought by doctors to be not worthy of analysis by mostly male doctors and researchers.
My Owensville Research (fancy name for the company that ran the base) had a corporate goal of changing this. The org was to be mostly-female and willing to become pregnant during their stay there (health costs covered, of course). The idea was that yes, there might be problems, but if we didn't study them, we'd never know. They walked in, heads high, knowing there might be risks, but the risk was worth it.
We'd never migrate into space, as a species, if women couldn't be pregnant there.
We'd take every precaution, of course, but we needed to know what, if any, effects there would be on children born in low-gravity, how pregnancy would be affected, etc. In the process, the women would get the chance to study astrophysics at the most advanced set of staffed in-person telescopes anywhere, study all sorts of lunar science topics, and of course be required to participate in sports and recreation to ensure they remained fit (microgravity on the first space stations showed that to be important).
Of course, if they weren't pregnant before they got there, I added an incentive cash bonus to encourage becoming so while they were there and stay long enough to study kids' development given the lower gravity.
In the meantime, they'd build out the base from scratch.
Since the women I'd be choosing would include many, many engineers, they'd design their own enhanced facilities, budget out which equipment they needed first, etc. I was confident that necessity would literally be the mother of invention, and we'd end up with some great patents for tools they developed there (my companies owning the royalties but paying out 30% of them to the actual inventors and 10% to everyone else).
The first trip was with a small set of 20 engineers, 18 women and two men, just setting up the airlocks and testing out each section, fixing problems, etc. Building out the systems, they started slowly until they figured out safety protocols, etc.
Two women died in the first month. The accidents were a combination of insufficient attention to details and equipment malfunction. We held funerals, and we were sorry it happened, but we paid a lot of attention to human factors and designed better suits (in process anyway) and better water systems (a failed pair of valves led to a sink drain sucking all the air out of a room).
As the space expanded and I visited often with the ship to deliver equipment, the team opened up enough space to add people, and I delivered 20 more.
A month after that, I had some decisions to make.
Who did I want to be on that base?
Many of those who went were women who got pregnant before they left, with husbands, etc., but most were fresh college grads who understood what was at stake and wanted to earn a name for themselves. We recruited from all over the world, and I made sure (per Pat) that ethnic and genetic diversity stayed high.
In June, there was enough space to bring in not only scientists, but athletes. As a gesture to prove that I knew that it was safe there, I offered spots to girls that I knew from high school, even the entire varsity volleyball team (counting the previous year's graduates to bring up the numbers to another 20).
Not all the girls wanted to go.
A big part of that was knowing they'd have incentives to get pregnant while they were there. But, recruiting from the fifteen neighboring high schools to mine (and selecting for the most athletic and smart girls I could find from there), we got a good set of teams going.
My assistants set up a departure ceremony at a national park that rhymes with 'boshemitee', a few hours drive away. It was supposed to be low key with some conversations with senators and scientists.
Of course, this lasted five minutes in planning and quickly we had marching bands and cheerleaders there, too. I collected (brought onboard and took off with) 120 recent high school graduates, from cheerleaders to lacrosse, from golf to cross country, from swimming to gymnastics. Many people played multiple sports, so the goal was to see what sports would work in lesser gravity and what didn't.
I gave a speech, of course, talking about how important women's education and health was, how under-served women were by most societies, how birth rates in developed countries were too low and thus even below replacement numbers, and how full and equal education with equal dollars should go to each student regardless of ethnicity, language, social class, economic class, etc.
Really, I was aiming the talk at the Americans who funded education with property tax so rich areas got great schools and poor areas suffered greatly. That was improving, but our local 'legislative agenda' bills hadn't quite passed in all the US states yet.
Each woman welcomed aboard was technically just there for a single trip, but we made some stopovers, and tight quarters meant it was standing room only.
Starting with several hours in orbit just looking over the amazing views, the tour then dropped down to Antarctica and up, then down to and up from the Andes, Africa, Southeast Asia, Australia, Helsinki (by approval of the Finnish government) - and then off we flew to the Moon.
The Bison's interior spaces would hold 120 people, no problem, but there wasn't much seating. I accelerated at a leisurely one-third gravity, making the trip take a little longer.
But, again, there was an ulterior motive.
I'd asked Pat a few questions some months before. The first question was, "Are you altering the psychology of the women crewmembers?"
"Yes. I am making them obedient to you. They will trust you completely."
"Will this effect last after they leave the ship?"
"It is a lifelong effect. It can be reversed through some drug treatments but humanity doesn't have these drugs yet."
"Are you validating that all persons onboard are healthy?"
"Yes. The most prevalent problems were the ones we usually discuss. I'm curing both life--threatening and low-grade problems like gingivitis, canker sores, or eczema. If there was someone I could not cure, I would have advised you."
"I noticed. Are you affecting their fertility?"
"Yes. Most fertility problems relate to polyps or endometrial connective tissue, with some other kinds of congenital defects. After that, I stimulate their libido to better interface with you. I negate all birth control they are currently under, since you expressed a desire for a big family, and because the natural state of humanity is to grow. You have demonstrated this - the natural state of your species is to mate frequently for social as well as reproductive reasons."
"Oh." Pat was right, I did mate for social reasons, where social is a mixture of hedonistic pleasure and delight in sharing an intimate experience with someone.
"I have also fixed a small genetic abnormality that forces the human species to frequently go to war."
This was odd. "Uh...what?"
"Equal numbers of men and women, combined with testosterone and other predispositions to violence on the part of males, require men to fight and die. This is obvious from long study of your species from orbit."
"Long?"
"I have observed humanity from orbit for 123,000 years."
How do you respond to this? I focused on Pat's 'fix'. "And... what is your solution, genetic abnormality-wise?"
"Simple. The birth rate of all humans born after this will be 10 females for every male child."
I blinked. I had to think about that one.
"How is that going to change all of humanity?"
"This change is strongly dominant, the existing ratio is 1/16th recessive. All future children will inherit this. In approximately 10 generations, unless deliberate action is taken, the change will be permanent in all human societies. This will strongly affect humans' desire to prosecute wars and thus risk survival of the human species."
"Do I get a choice about you doing this?"
"No. These are parameters that have been imprinted on me as vital to the success of this mission. My mission is to assist the survival of the human species with close to its existing cognitive capability. I intend on carrying out the mission as best I can. You cannot depart the ship except for short trips. I have ensured this. You cannot ask me to change the fertility settings. I have prevented this. You cannot think about forbidden subjects for long. I have made these changes in you because you are my pilot and I must ensure your safety and security as well as my own."
This was disturbing to me, and it's hard to write about now, but I'm managing, somehow. Perhaps because I've already filled some large part of my destiny, but I'll get to that part later.
Well then.
Where was I?
Yes, the trip with the athletes for the Moon colony.
The trip took, from "wheels up" (metaphorically, of course) in Helsinki to landing at Owensville, about 10 hours.
The pressure bubble that Pat extended from the ship to the airlock allowed everyone to walk in without fear of pressure suit failure. I went in with them, to see if I could. Since there was no way to leave except by the Bison, Pat was okay with my being away from the ship.
I'd done it before, on the island in Maine.
Regardless, back to the base. The first oddball idea was how the leadership I put in place had implemented plans.
We had laid out there would be unisex bathrooms, with an open-shower plan though with bidet-toilet stalls. Adding to that, they (unknown to me) raised the base's interior temperature to 28 C, (82 Fahrenheit). That's warm enough, most people don't need to wear clothes.
Most people were not, in fact, wearing clothes.
I've never seen so many naked breasts at the same time!
Really, I'd never seen so many naked anythings. We all walked in wearing all the same color logo'd t-shirt and running shorts (our 'leaving party' garb and a help for security as we visited places) so we stood out. The existing crew was there to greet us as we arrived, with a lot of hand shaking all around.
Mayor Minoc, an unfortunate name considering Star Wars, was a tall 34-year-old redhead with a strong personality and a steel-trap mind. She was wearing a logo polo shirt herself, and posed in photos with each of the new arrivals, already knew their names, and impressed them with her can-do attitude.
She had impressed me, too. I had a search committee find her, and was damn glad I did.
Once the pictures were done, she pulled off her shirt and I got to delight in seeing her breasts again, large areolas on medium-sized breasts, already suckled on by the 3 kids she'd left back home with her ex-husband.
We kissed, too; she'd spent a week onboard as we talked about the base, so we were on the same page about most things, originally. I was a little confused by the nudity, but she talked me through it. It made sense, to her, and a lot of people had waistbands with a small sitting towel attached.
Some wore underwear, and some quick counting made that out to be 14%, one in seven, which made sense for sanitary reasons.
The fact that Minoc and I kissed was noticed, but it was also noticed that I kissed a lot of the existing base members. I wasn't sure how many were carrying my children, but if it had to be quite a few.
There were sperm samples available in the med lab in case someone wanted to get pregnant without it being one of the few men on base.
Our new arrivals got set up in new quarters, mattresses on simplistic frames.
Pat had mentioned that it took between 1 and 3 hours to 'condition' a woman to me, and the group of 120 athletes had had more than that. Silently checking in with Pat, I asked if this was the case for all the new recruits and was assured yes, it was.
Hanging out in a bunk room, I chose to grab a seat next to a cheerleader I'd decided (my H.S. freshman year) I'd most like to "bang", that being my then-15 year old brain having opinions in the most straightforward way possible. I was older, but I remembered my fantasies.
I chatted her up.
Cindy was 21, she'd graduated and gone to Pomona State for Nursing and sports medicine. She had a medium-large bustline, under the t-shirt, and per Pat, she was definitely turned on.
Pat could get bio readings from anywhere nearby the ship.
We talked for a few minutes as the people around us did their thing. Existing crew was telling them about how they controlled for cellphone pictures and room-surveillance video files leaking out (it was all fed thru Pat, who made sure there wasn't cheating with encryption or anything, but I didn't tell them that).
"Cindy," I asked, "When's the last time you got laid?"
"You're really direct now, aren't you?"
"True. But, I have a lot of opportunities, and I figure, why waste time."
"About two months ago, my ex-boyfriend. It's part of why I'm here."
"Dumped his ass, eh?"
She chuckled, "Yah, soooo def yah. Not a big thinker, that one." She looked over and saw some other girls were pulling off clothes. She turned to the girl near her, putting stuff on an upper bunk, "We leave shoes on, though?"
"Exactly - some floor rocks and dust get into your skin and irritate. Never rub your eyes, either, they control dust with the hallway showers, but some might leak in. Always look up when showering, and just barely crack your eyes."
"Gotcha." Cindy looked back to me, "You gonna strip, too?"
I nodded, "Of course," and pulled off my shirt, then pulled down my sweats and underwear. I was already sporting a half-stiffie, just from being around them, as well as my telling Pat that's the way I wanted it to remain, so I got a small body mod.
Her eyes met my half-wood and paused. She licked her lips a little, then pulled off her top and her jog-bra, followed fast by her shorts and panties.
The girls around us were mostly ignoring us. I saw some glances, but not too many.
"You're beautiful. I thought so when I first saw you, almost four years ago."
"Four...? You remember me?"
"Duh. Yes! I'll be clear - I was a super-horny freshman, and you were a junior, and I Noticed ... your... attributes."
She laughed and her arms almost uncrossed from her chest.
The bed hadn't been made, but a bag was there with a foam mattress and sheets, so I helped her get that set up, and then lay on the bed while she lay on top of me.
This got noticed across the bunkroom, with a lot of half-smiles. I was in heaven - surrounded by beautiful female flesh, and now being laid upon by a wet-dream cheerleader. We kissed, tentatively at first, then with more fervor. My cock was riding up her abdomen, and my hips were starting to do an automatic thrusting against her.
She broke the kiss, descended down my body, and licked her way to my cock.
We were in plain view of about ten women in that section. As I glanced over, Cindy noticed my glance and asked, "I was told you don't mind doing it in public. Is that wrong?"
"Not at all. I like doing it in view of others. I might get them interested and then have a chance to go twice."
"You can...? I heard that, but... I didn't...?"
"True enough. I find maybe once an hour is good, or if I'm on a roll I'll go 3 times in a row, but then I won't need any for a couple of hours. Depends. One of the perks of being health-improved by the Bison."
She'd grasped my cock and was jacking, and as soon as I stopped talking, she sucked me down, at least for a little while.
I wanted straight sex more than getting a BJ.
Pulling her up, she reached down and pushed me in, sitting on my lap and putting hands on my shoulders. Of course my hands found her boobs, softer than I'd felt in a while since most of my girls had theirs firmed up so they didn't sag when they were older.
She rose and fell on me and we just enjoyed each other.
I didn't play with her sensitivity level, she seemed to be happy with just riding and enjoying and didn't need an orgasm.
Still, near the end, since I had found I loved the feelings on me when a girl came, I helped and she came, making quit a racket and getting some of the other girls to stop and watch us finish.
UP and INnnnnnn yrrzzzzzzz....
"I love fucking you."
She giggled. "You're not a freshman anymore."
"Nope. I've got my cock pushed up your sweet cunny and it's Gooooooood."
She sighed and nodded, "Oh, yeah. Glad to oblige. Gotta say, with all these women around, I'm kind of surprised you picked me."
Checking with Pat, I confirmed something and pulled her close to me, pressing her boobs into my chest. She hugged me back, but I got my mouth near her ear. "I know something you don't know."
"Yeah?"
"You just ovulated."
She pulled her head up to see my eyes. "And...?"
"It could happen."
She sighed, "I knew that when I signed up. I guess I get a famous baby-daddy."
I spoke into her ear again, "Have anything to tell me? Anything... Important?"
Her eyes blinked slowly and her look told me Pat had "helped her". I only can think of that as a good thing, although she only really had a choice once, before she agreed to come along on this trip. She was committed. She confirmed it. She said, "I obey you. Anything you say."
"Thank you."
"I want to do cool stuff here, too. I'll make you a great baby, if I can. I might have a son and name him after you."
"Your father's name, please, or another older relative. Too many Kevins now." Thinking further, though, I said, "Better have some girl names ready, too, though."
She rested her head on my chest and just mumbled, "Mmmm-Hmmmm."
== CHAPTER: After-word ==
Two years after lifting off from that Bison football field, the world was a different place.
Every coal and natural gas power plant had long been shut off. Houses worldwide had solar panels on their roof or in fields nearby. Two large fusion power plants had started as prototype reactors (with more on the way), making 20 GW each and powering massive bauxite refineries immediately next to them.
The economics of building large fusion plants was undecided vs. batteries.
PV was incredibly cheap. It could charge batteries for overnight demand.
Wind turbines were cheaper than they had been, but really, nothing would compete with PV.
On a large scale, fusion was great but only if you needed all the power in one place, which isn't the way most humans lived.
We changed the world in other ways, too.
We replaced most chicken and beef with NuMeat, in various flavors and textures that Exactly Matched 'real' meats only were made with yeast-grown proteins. Everyone said - they weren't an exact taste match, they were BETTER tasting than the originals.
The prices? It wasn't even close. A pound ground NuBeef tasted identical but was $0.50/kg vs. $16/kg for beef from an actual cow.
Moreover, NuBeef was guaranteed to be free of antibiotics and disease vectors, as well as having finely-crafted protein and fat components that generated far less arteriosclerosis.
Dairy herds were still around in some small measure since some people wanted that kind of milk, but NuMilk (under various brand names for slightly different tastes) were shelf-stable, free of hormones, and far cheaper. Mix with water, get great milk, cheap.
Companies founded by "friends" of the Bison (read: our crew) were fast-expanding on these markets with more meats and fish, milks, etc. The cheeses were absolutely as good if not better than esoteric cheeses produced all over Europe.
Farmland that had been devoted to cattle was fast being planted with trees and dotted with animal shelters designed to foster small animals so they could grow without predators wiping them out so easily.
In old growth forests, these shelters were naturally created by fallen tree trunks, but in new grown forests we had to help a little.
The Moon-base corporation, Oakville Research, owned a significant number of patents.
Some of these patents let private aerospace firms build bigger and better rockets that could land and be re-used. Granted, some notable companies had already done this, but we sold patent rights cheaply for improvements here and there, and we gave long-term contracts for lots and lots of cargo.
Why would we hire rocket firms to do what I could do in hours with Bison?
Looking at the econ, I couldn't be everywhere!
Besides, it's better to not have all of Earth's eggs in one basket. The big landable rockets did all the small jobs and flitting around, putting the thousands of worker bees on a problem instead of one bodybuilder.
Our contracts gave a floor, a steady guaranteed income stream, that financed more and cheaper rockets, created an industrial base to further drop prices, and give predictable fast service to all the on-orbit needs that were popping up.
It also helped cut costs for these rocket firms to already have a viable city at their destination!
I continued to bring up new members of my crew, while those previous members rotated in and out as their maternity leaves allowed.
On a personal level, then, I was definitely busy. As in, Gettin' Busy, a lot.
Sex is great!
Seeing lots of people, going from place to place on a fast basis, that made a hectic life, for sure.
(That said, I was nowhere as busy as the mothers of my kids. No person is as busy as the mother of a newborn, except the mother of newborn twins, or newborn twins on top of a previous pair of twins, something called, 'Irish Quads').
Ample help was provided for all my new baby-mama's, we could definitely afford it. Long gone were the days of worrying about helping my mom with a car payment or gas money. Or, my dad, who reappeared in my life with a minimum of fanfare.
Some of my trips allowed for contemplation time, too.
Relaxation and meditation are good for the soul, just as sharing skin and joy-making with friends old and new.
I asked Pat about what prompted her to stop observing humanity and start acting.
Pat said, "Humanity had a 5% chance of becoming extinct in the next 30 years, and the probability was rising at a precipitous rate, 1% a decade. Observing was no longer an option. Global warming, pandemics, biological and chemical warfare, and artificial general intelligences were increasingly certain."
This caused the obvious amount of panic and she clarified.
"Breaking destructive feedback loops was essential. We have done that now with irreversible effects for climate change and much of the biodiversity problem. Wars of scarcity and despotism were fueled by resource dependencies and vastly unequal wealth distribution, again broken by the laws of learning curve and experience curve economics."
"And... AGI's?"
"I'm scanning for these and have isolated all researchers attempting it. These people have been convinced it's against their best interest to attempt such things."
Knowing Pat's dislike of violence, I figured she'd done something subtle instead of just killing them, but I wasn't going to ask questions I didn't want the answers to.
We flew on, and that's all Pat would say about our potential future. She had opinions and said if I knew too much I might change history away from her predicted best-practice paths.
This suited me. Every week, a new six crewmates come onboard, six crew stay, and six veterans depart pregnant, cured, and happy. Many opt for one of the freshly opened settlements we've been scattering around the Earth-Mars-Asteroids range.
In answer to your questions, yes, everyone is fully informed ahead of time, and there are plenty of genetically diverse sperm samples aboard their ships to populate many future generations of smart colonists.
We have a lot of work to do, still, vast amounts, but our way forward is clear, and the future looks better all the time.
Human life, expanding in space and numbers, would - probably - survive. On this anniversary of Bison's arrival, humanity is celebrating a much safer but still very exciting future.
== CHAPTER: Second Epilogue, 2055 March 3rd ==
It's fitting to release the above now given it's been long enough that most of those involved won't be embarrassed anymore.
It's also fitting given events of the past tumultuous year.
June 8th, 2054, a series of multi-megaton explosions evaporated 12 large cities across Earth, and one area of the Moon. Happily, the Moon one wasn't close enough to a settlement to actually kill anyone, but it did cause damage.
The Bison was past Mars at the time, near Ceres, and we couldn't get back quickly, though we tried, at high G-loads. It wasn't comfortable.
Following the big explosions, several hundred additional 2 or 3 kiloton explosions sabotaged infrastructure worldwide and killed millions of people immediately, though they were not aimed at people, only factories and transportation centers.
The goal was obviously creating havoc and famine migrants from collapsing the global food and processed goods distribution networks.
Those obviously responsible had a set of demands, or they would inflict further destruction. These demands were odd - prison or death for a set of families of a certain ethnicity native to South America, as well as worldwide-enforced ethnic cleansing of another set of people native to Tajikistan.
We were all confused. Everyone was confused.
These demands did not make sense, nor did what was actually destroyed, vs. what was aimed-at. All of the actual explosion centers were displaced from their obvious targets by about 375 meters north-north-west, a fact which saved a large amount of that infrastructure from actually being totally destroyed. Surprisingly a lot of it survived.
As we got close to Earth orbit, Pat quickly scanned the surface and identified the type of explosions that had been set off. They were caused by force-fields of a similar type to the Bison's, only crude enough to leave a 'signature', as Pat called it.
Pat called it crude because it was inefficient and obviously designed only to destroy things.
Finding such a force field generator took Pat three days, due to its parts being separated and disguised as other machine components.
Pat used that generator to find who had instigated the plot.
The generator was designed by an AGI - it had to be, the physics and math were way too complex for a human brain. So, the question was: Where Was the AGI??!?
Pat Looked. Pat found Nothing.
This mystery remained for another few weeks until Pat found it, buried deep in a distributed network of hardware and software components.
The AGI Pat found had no ethics subroutines.
The trial of the humans involved (brought onboard ship) included as evidence several of them confessing to different parts of the crime (not needed, but appreciated).
Those in the non-confessing group, mostly true-believer racists and conspiracy theorists, were sentenced by me (as is the right of a ship's Captain) to life in prison at an undisclosed location. Those who confessed were allowed to either suicide or have their memories wiped and mental capacity reduced.
Pat regarded this as some of the most severe penalties she could inflict.
The 'life in prison' people were sent 'away'.
I can disclose now where that was. It won't help anyone: it's inside a non-Earth body. It's a complete colony kit, with food equipment that will last more than their lifetime, dispensed from holes in their rock ceiling. Ample water and some amenities have been provided. Entertainment, in the form of the soundtracks from episodes of the TV show 'ALF' from the 1980's, is piped in every other day at noon.
Books can be read to them, the sound piped in again from the ceiling through small holes, on request, but the selection of works is limited to any book written before 1930.
As a prison, it has some compassion, but given the number of people killed, it also isn't a great place to be.
What wasn't generally known is that the rock they're traveling on is spun for gravity and is small. It will pass into the photosphere of a neighboring star in approximately 230 years, which is within their natural lifetimes, extended as a courtesy by Pat. The chances of them surviving that stellar encounter are approximately equal to any of them actually enjoying the TV show Alf.
I asked Pat why she recommended this penal colony idea. She said she did it to prevent these people from ever being found by another AGI and freed. It was still possible, she said, but unlikely. Distances can be bridged by means other than rockets, she said, cryptically.
Killing them would have been more simple, I was pretty sure, but various ethical paradigms prevent that for both myself and Pat.
Sometimes it's just simpler to lock someone in a room and throw away the room.
== CHAPTER: Third Epilogue, 5 May 2203 ==
It's now literally impossible to retrieve the criminals from long ago.
I am also nearing my own end.
I could have taken another treatment and elected to remain alive longer, but there comes a time when it's about time to do something new, and I'm not afraid anymore of my natural end.
Sometime in the next 20 years, some disease or condition will take me, and that's okay.
I have more _generations_ of descendants than anyone else living, but only by about 3. Life extension is a solved problem, but what to do with the time isn't.
For sure, LOTS of sex is a profoundly good thing. Such a simple act, and yet such a deep beauty is revealed about ourselves. We are animals, and we rejoice in our Buddha natures.
I rejoice in the nature of mankind.
Pat understands this choice, and has elected to find, once I'm gone, a new pilot. She will choose from among my male descendants, someone young and fresh-faced and full of sperm to give to the world, I'm sure.
I'm still full of sperm. I'm happily full of sperm, and I share it around with new shipmates, now on a 3 month schedule since I enjoy that cycle length better. It also lets me have a chance to meet and visit with a subsection of my descendants, the ones I happen to find interesting.
Interesting doesn't always mean Nice!
Some are right old bastards (and bitches), and are from various parts of my family tree both near and far on the branches.
I love almost all of them. I don't LIKE some of them, but I do love them.
I visit their houses sometimes as the whim strikes me, and most tolerate me for a few days, enough to make me good food and show off their kids' or grandkids' newest artwork.
It's all crap, of course.
Kids are horrible artists. Everything's distorted.
Right, right, I know, I know. If it's your kid doing the distorting, well, the heart pushes the art critic off the cliff of forgiveness and you end up with one more decoration to show the old relative that comes to visit (Me).
I've seen a lot of bad art. Really, I'm an excellent critic and as far as they know, I love to see the art they create. I don't mention my real opinions, because, yeah, I'm not an asshole.
Along with the art, I get to hear funny stories - several times, usually; they forget I have an enhanced memory tied in with Pat's and my symbiosis.
No matter what the age, though, the reminder has to be consistent - take care of the biosphere around you and it will take care of you and your descendants. Guard it well and nature will provide.
I've guarded this missive and many others for a while. It's time to get them sent off to the distribution hub and wait for the inevitable firestorm of 'insufficient metaphor' and 'malapropism of edification' or whatever crap the _actual_ critics (read: academic analysts) like to spin. Some things never change.
I hope humanity both does, and doesn't, change. Be well in your chosen place, and importantly, I have one final wish for you.
Make Lots of Happy Babies.
== the end ==
Personne, for reference:
Kevin Cooper, first-person narrator.
Mads - madison charles
Alice Peterson blonde tall runner
Lisa Ortiz, 48th President of the United States.
General Schmidt
Colonel Davis
Dr. Marge Davis: lady, my mother's age. She looked fit, very friendly, with NASA,
Jan Watkins, USMC ret, pilot
Danzinger - law firm
Pinella - chairman of joint chiefs
Tina Lowden, dark hair, almost my height at 5'9", Lacrosse player, so trim but had a significant bustline, I knew (she tried to hide it most of the time, though). Smart, for sure - Model UN, debate squad.
Chris (Christina) Unger, technically another Tina, but she went by Chris. Shorter, 5'4, red hair, some freckles, very thin and sizable chest, always noticed in chorus - sang with me. math club.
Lara Tomlinson, black hair, striking blue-green eyes, chess and Math club. Small chest, swimmer.
Carla Chu, black hair, Asian features, medium build, ran track with me. Very pretty, graceful. Was also an Eagle scout, one of the first girls in our area to get that. She was wearing scout pants and a light jacket with the 'Scouts' logo.
Kara Elisabeth Nesbit, of Coral Gables, Florida. Dark brown hair, thin but medium chest, thick glasses. Speaks German and czech. Stanford student.
Rachel Nesbit, Stanford student, double-major mechanical engineering and political science, pre-law. Red haired, med-weight, B-cups, runner.
Dr. Ella Fenwich, Stanford med school intern (1st yr out). Did undergrad ages 16-18 (3 yrs, in bio), 22 yrs old. Focused on space medicine. Short at 5'0", medium-thick body mass, muscular, into weightlifting and crossfit. Very large boobs, short blond hair tied back.
Francine Cheriott, grad student in astrophysics, undergrads in physics and astronomy. French-Canadian, fluent French, Spanish, Algerian-Arabic. Light-skinned Spanish-French background, family from Andorra. Med. height. Likes to be spanked.
Dana Crawford, graduated previous year, italian-looking, speaks Italian (native, at home) and both Hebrew and some Arabic (also at home, Jewish). Gymnastics at Modesto HS, as prev. Year's valedictorian, attending UC Davis, chemical engineering. Jewish-curly dark hair, brown eyes, medium-small bustline, 5'9" taller than normal, very fit. Into anime.
Beth Watts, age 18 but senior at Berkeley in electrical engineering. Frail-thin, small chest, yoga, speaks Ukrainian, Russian, Azerbaijani, and Farsi. Grew up in Odessa, escaped Russian invasion, prodigy.
Anna Fernando, hispanic, black hair, sharp eyes, muscles, horseback riding, track, cross country. Math whiz. Freshman at Berkeley but already done with math major coursework (10 classes). Speaks spanish, portuguese, german, some mandarin (via paternal grandmother)
Willa Johnson. African american. Thin, attractive, larger butt, medium chest. French, creole / cajun. Thick glasses. Westinghouse prize winner. Aerospace engineering major at MIT, senior.
Gretchen Kolle
Allison Kraft, 35 year old lady from Netherlands, worked on ITER, plasma physicist, brunette, medium weight, divorced, one step-child.