Part 1
__________
The most beautiful woman in the world was naked, straddling me. Her shaved pussy hovered over my stiff condom-covered cock, teasing the tip with her clit. I grunted in frustration. She gave me a sexy grin, knowing full well what she was doing to me.
Finally, she slammed her tight cunt against my hips, swallowing my dick in one motion. She rocked back and forth a few times.
"FUCK," I panted. "How do you always do this to me?"
"Mmmmm, it's easy, mmmh, with thisbigdick..." she whispered, rubbing her clit as she rode me.
I knew instantly that I wasn't going to last long; it felt too good, too tight, too wet... Just as I had reached the point of no return, the grinding abruptly stopped. She quickly climbed off of me and covered herself with a pillow, but it was too late—I was cumming. Without the continued friction, there was no explosion of messy pleasure. My load dribbled out of my six-inch boner like a broken drinking fountain, barely filling the condom.
I groaned, watching my cock quickly shrivel to its small flaccid state.
"Why'd you stop?" I asked, trying to be understanding.
"You left the curtains open!" she said.
"Lily. We're on the third floor. I don't know why—"
"Because what if someone sees us?"
"That's not our fault. That's on them."
Lily scoffed. Now huddled under our bedsheet with only her head poking out, she nodded at the window.
I rolled my eyes at my wife of three years, then stood up and walked over. The condom, now too big for my shrunken penis, dropped onto the floor.
I stood in front of the window for a long moment, purposefully taking my sweet time to modify the curtains. Unlike my wife, I had no reservations about being seen nude by strangers. In fact, a little exhibitionism turned me on. I wiggled my butt. Lily noticed the show.
"You're such a loser," she smiled while she said it.
"And you love me," I said, walking back to the bed.
"I don't know why I do. Must be that perfect penis."
I was well aware that my dick was far from perfect. At six inches with average girth, it was a prototypical white guy penis. It even had the two-toned contrast line from my circumcision. If you've seen any dick, mine is nothing new. The thing was... my wife was a virgin when we met, so minewasthe only one she'd seen, at least in person. And she loved talking about how big and perfect it was, how it fit inside her like a puzzle piece made specifically for her pussy. She was strangely proud of it, like it washerpenis. So I played along.
"Well, that perfect penis had a ruined orgasm because of you."
"But you still came, right?"
"Technically... But when you stop right in the middle it doesn't feel that good."
She bit her lip. "I'm sorry. I'll make it up to you."
"I don't know if you noticed, but the curtains are closed now. So..."
Lily smirked and seductively lowered the sheet. Past her soft, flawless tits that are exactly the right size for my hand to squeeze; past her rock-hard pink nipples; past her curvy hips and, at last, exposing her cute little pussy—shaved bare except for some blonde fuzz around the lips.
"Turn over," I said. Like a good wife, Lily obeyed.
"Be careful," she said. She raised her round ass into the air and presented it to me. I ran my hand along her smooth skin, squeezing each ass cheek.
My wife was perfect—not perfect-because-you-don't-know-any-better, like my penis.Literallyperfect. She was petite (just over five-feet-tall) but curvy, with a figure like Marilyn Monroe. She had chest-length blonde hair and a small tattoo right behind her right ear (our anniversary in roman numerals). She was gorgeous. I was still stunned that she married me.
I'm in pretty good shape and certainly not bad looking (I've been called "cute"), however I am nowhere near Lily's level. Throughout high school and college, I spent so much time in the friend zone I should've had my name on a plaque somewhere... But the first time I met Lily, it was different. I made her laugh so hard she peed a little. She's one of those rare women who wanted to date the nice guys, not be manhandled by the ripped jocks. I was in love with her by the end of our first conversation.
Now there I was, four years later: her husband. Gently caressing her beautiful ass as she softly cooed her approval. My cock slowly but surely began to harden. I cupped my hand around her mound, which was warm and pulsating... I slowly spread her ass cheeks to catch a rare glimpse of her tiny hole, before resting my thumb right on the entrance—
Suddenly, she lurched forward out of my reach.
"What the fuck, Trevor!" she gasped. "I told you not to do that."
"Come on," I said. "You said you'd make it up to me. I just want to look. You never let me."
"That's on purpose. I just... don't think of that hole in that way."
"I think it's hot," I countered.
"It grosses me out."
She got back under the sheets.
"Would you hand me my pj's, please?"
"Please don't be like that," I said. "I'm sorry. I'll stay away from there. Pussy only, I promise."
"Sorry Trev. Moment's gone. Maybe tomorrow."
I sighed, picked up her pajamas from the floor and handed them to her.
"Are you mad at me?" I asked, feeling guilty.
"No, baby. I'm just not horny anymore. And besides, we have an early flight. We're gonna be tired."
She pulled on her pajamas while lying under the sheets, denying me an additional glimpse of her naked.
"OK. I'm sorry."
I slid under the covers and spooned her with my nude body.
"Baby?" she whispered.
"Yeah."
"Can you roll over? I can't sleep when your dick's poking my ass."
For a fleeting moment, I wanted to scream'you're my wife, my dick is supposed to poke your ass!'but I knew better. Anyway, it was my own fault for ruining the mood. I was well aware of her sexual hang-ups.
Due to her religious upbringing, Lily had remained a virgin until she was 20. She'd planned on waiting until marriage (because that's what "God" wants, I guess?), but once her and I got serious she was too horny to hold out for the whole engagement. I hadn't pressured her for sex because I knew how lucky I was to have her, and did not want to risk fucking it up—needless to say, I was thrilled when she came to that conclusion all by herself.
Despite this, she still had reservations about certain sexual acts (I blame it on lingering religious guilt). She wasn't exactly prude, but there were a few no-gos that I had discovered.
—Anything involving her asshole was totally off-limits. Her ass curved in such a way that it was kind of hidden unless her cheeks were spread, and she stopped me any time I tried to so much as peek at it; I've seen my wife's asshole so few times I doubt I could pick it from a line-up.
—Lily always whispers during sex, and my requests for her to moan loudly had found no success.
—She never walked around the apartment or slept in the nude. Sex in a public place or, god forbid, sex with the curtains open, was off the table.
And even as I rolled over to create pointless distance between my wife's amazing ass and my unspectacular dick, even as I considered all of the sexual road blocks she presented... I couldn't help but feel like the luckiest man on Earth just to be laying next to her.
______________
8 AM came much too quickly. Due to the ruined orgasm, I tossed and turned most of the night out of sheer horniness.
Multiple times I considered running to the bathroom and jacking off, but didn't want to risk getting caught. Early on in our marriage, Lily had walked in on me masturbating and watching porn. We had a huge fight which ended with me begging her not to spend the night at her parents' house. In her eyes, I should only need her, and porn and jerking off were a betrayal akin to cheating. I understood where she was coming from, but it still seemed like a huge overreaction; I'd never admit it, but I've continued to sneak a quick jerk or two occasionally, just never while she was home.
Once I realized the time, I rolled over to kiss Lily but ended up grasping a handful of empty sheets. I heard the bathroom faucet running, and when I got up, I found she was already wide awake and fully dressed, brushing her teeth.
"Someone seems eager to leave the country," I said as I joined her in front of the mirror, my morning wood standing at attention. She glanced down at it and rolled her eyes.
"And someone else seems to be completely naked," she said. "We're supposed to be at the airport two hours early for international, I checked."
"Chill, babe. I'm all packed. Just gotta pee and then throw on some sweats."
I went toward to the toilet to pee. She stopped me and gave me a kiss.
"Thank you so much, babe. I never actually thought I'd be able to go to Europe. This seems like an alternate universe or something."
"You're going to love it. And Nico is very excited to finally meet you."
"Do you think he'll like me?" she said, her face showing a hint of worry.
"Are you serious?" I laughed.
"He's your best friend... I don't know, I just... I don't want to screw up your dynamic or whatever."
"Are you aware of anyone on Earth whodoesn'tlike you?"
She thought for a moment, then slowly shook her head.
"See?" I said. "And like I've told you, he's literally the nicest guy you'll ever meet."
This seemed to put Lily at ease. She gave me another kiss and left the bathroom.
I turned back to the toilet, now faced with the near impossible task of figuring out how to piss with my erection. I bent my knees and forced it down so that it was aiming in the right direction, which honestly hurt a little bit. I relaxed my bladder and an intense stream shot into the bowl.
"You better not pee on the seat!" Lily mocked from the doorway.
Her sudden reappearance startled me. My still-hard dick jolted up, causing a blast of piss to hit me right on the chin. With all my might, I held back from peeing anymore. Urine dripping from my face, I turned to Lily, who was watching this whole ordeal with a baffled expression.
"Hey, at least it wasn't on the seat," I said with a smile, trying to play it cool. I grabbed a square of toilet paper and wiped my face. Lily didn't seem amused.
"That's it. New rule. From now on, you're sitting down when you pee."
I scoffed. "That's a bit harsh."
"I'm not kidding, Trev. You're always getting piss on the seat and you never wipe it off. And now after... whatever the fuck I just witnessed..."
"I'm sorry about not wiping the seat. I'll make sure I do from now on. But today was a fluke. You gotta realize how hard it is to pee with a boner. One of the many struggles of being a man."
"So sit down. Struggle over," she stated. She wasn't dropping this.
I sat down on the toilet seat, planning to prove to her how stupid this was.
"Look. When it's hard it's too big to fit inside the bowl—"
She then surprised me again by coming to my side and gripping my erection in her hand. Without so much as a warning, she shoved it past the seat.
"Hold it here," she said matter-of-factly. "See? It's not too big."
"Fine," I said, just wanting this to be over.
"Don't blame me, Trevor. It's not my fault you can't aim. This will be better eventually, I swear. You just gotta get used to peeing like a girl."
_____________
Our 8 hour flight to Amsterdam was relatively uneventful. I can't sleep on planes, so I spent most of the time watching movies while Lily snoozed in the window seat next to me. Somewhere over the Atlantic, I got up to go pee.
Once in the lavatory, I pulled my flaccid penis from my sweats to relieve myself, but caught sight of myself in the mirror, standing over the toilet. I don't know why, because there's no way Lily would ever find out, but I felt guilty. Like I was betraying her, somehow. I sighed, pulled my sweats down to my ankles, and sat down.
When I got back to our row, Lily woke up and decided that she might as well pee too since I was already up. I waited for her to slide into the aisle and then took my seat.
When she returned, she was giggling to herself.
"What's funny?" I asked.
She climbed over me to get back to her seat. Crawling across the confined row, her hand ended up grazing my groin; seeing as I was wearing sweats and still very horny from the ruined orgasm, my package began to stir awake. She didn't notice.
Once seated, she whispered to me through her giggling. "Two guys just went into the same lavatory within about ten seconds of each other."
"Seriously?" I chuckled, the thought again making my dick stir.
"Mmhmm," she nodded. "Do you think they're giving each other blowjobs?"
"Probably. That's crazy," I said. I couldn't help but be envious. Not because it was two men, but because I really could've used a blowjob. My arousal was not subtle, and Lily noticed my sweats tenting up in my lap.
"Oh my gosh. That turns you on, doesn't it?" she joked. "You wish it was you back there sucking on a stranger's dick?"
"Ha ha," I said dryly. I knew she didn't really think I was gay, but the teasing was still kind of humiliating. "Iamturned on, but only because I was imaginingyoutaking me back there to suck onmydick."
"Ha! You wish, pervert." She grinned. "Can you imagine if someone saw us go in? I'd be mortified. I'd probably eject myself from the plane."
She kissed me, then put in headphones and started watchingGame of Throneson her iPad (my wife definitely has a nerdy side). I watched over her shoulder for a minute, suddenly aware of how similar Lily's body looked to Daenerys Targaryen. This epiphany did nothing to lessen the strain on my sweatpants, and much of the rest of my flight was spent picturing my wife getting fucked hard by Jason Momoa.
____________
Because of the time change, we arrived at Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam quite late in the evening. After waiting in the customs line for an hour, my body's exhaustion had overtaken my horniness and I could not wait to get to Nico's apartment, where I planned to pass out for twelve-to-fifteen hours.
Lily, on the other hand, slept enough on the plane that she was bright and cheery. Immediately after passing customs, she practically skipped over to an airport bar and bought us two bottles of Heineken—our usual beer-of-choice at home, that happened to be brewed in Amsterdam.
"It tastes fresher here, don't you think?" she wondered.
I couldn't tell the difference, but I was too tired, so I just said, "Totally."
We gathered our luggage and pulled it out to the curb. It was already dark. I was just about to rest my legs on a nearby bench when I heard a voice yell:
"Trevor! Lily!"
I followed the voice and, for the first time in five years, saw my best friend Nico in the flesh. He smiled and waved as he approached us. I got a sudden jolt of energy, excited by the reunion. He hugged me immediately.
"Hey Nico," I said as he released me. "I finally get to introduce you to my wife..."
I gestured to Lily, who was staring at Nico and acting uncharacteristically shy for some reason. It didn't phase Nico, who snatched her up off the ground and hugged her.
"Lily, so good to meet with you," he said. He was fluent in English but the language barrier and his accent led his phasing to sound weirdly formal sometimes. "Should we leave now to the city? I can hire a taxi."
I nodded, my exhaustion again rearing it's head. Nico picked up Lily's bags and carried them as we walked to the taxi pickup. They ended up a few steps ahead of me due to my jelly legs, and I overheard him asking her things like "Are you excited for your first European experience?" and "Did you ever eat stroopwafel?" I could see Lily's body language relax as she realized how easy it would be to talk to him.
Lily and Nico's quick bonding was completely unsurprising to me. I had known Nico since high school, when my parents convinced me to do a foreign exchange semester in the Netherlands to rediscover my Dutch "roots" (my great-grandpa immigrated to the U.S. in the aftermath of WWII).
As fate would have it, Nico's family were my hosts. His whole family was amazing, but he and I were the same age and became fast friends. He was incredibly engaging and kind, and was simply the type of person that made you feel better about yourself.
Because of that, I always felt the best about myself while in Amsterdam. After my semester there, I returned again for my graduation trip. And then again a couple years after that. I'd often thought that if I hadn't met Lily, I would have tried to get a work visa so that I could move there long-term.
It had been about five years since my last visit. Due to the time difference and Nico's busy school schedule, we didn't have many opportunities to Skype in the years since. And since Nico hates social media, he and I planned this entire trip over email and texts. Luckily, we had the type of relationship where we could go without talking for a year and then pick back up like no time had passed.
One side effect of the long distance and his aversion to social media was that I hadn't actuallyseenthe guy for a few years. As I walked behind him and my wife, I took in how much he'd changed. Nico had always done well with women, but I used to attribute that to his goofy smile and general charm. But now... well, he had definitely matured.
I looked nearly identical to my high school self, still 5'8", plus a few added pounds. Nico, however, seemed to have grown a couple inches, putting him somewhere around 6'3" and toned. Walking next to Lily's petite 5'1" frame, he appeared even taller. His facial hair had filled in perfectly, unlike mine, and every time he turned his head to ask Lily a question, I caught a glimpse of his piercing blue eyes. I couldn't help but admire my best friend. He'd clearly put some work into his appearance. I reminded myself to compliment him on it.
We arrived at the taxi, ditched our bags in the trunk, then all climbed into the back seat. Lily sat in between us. I laid my head against the window.
"Trevor," Nico said as we drove away from the airport. "You seem tired."
"I'm not going to lie, I'm pretty excited to crash," I said. "Sorry I've been acting dead. I'll be fun tomorrow, I promise."
"You better be," Lily added.
"Speaking of sleep," Nico started. "Last time you came, I still stayed at my mom and dad's. Now that I rent my own apartment, it is... smaller."
"No worries," I said without thinking.
"How small...?" Lily asked him.
"It is a studio," he said. "My bed is in the main room, and there is a small loft above for you two. I'm sorry."
Lily laughed. "Why are you sorry? I'm sure it's wonderful."
"No, not that," Nico looked from Lily to me with guilty eyes. "It is that my girlfriend is waiting there now, and even though I talked to her that you will be tired and want to sleep, she insisted to greet you and stay the night."
"I didn't know you had a girlfriend," I said, realizing that this lack of knowledge was another pitfall of our long-distance friendship.
"What's the lucky girl's name?" Lily asked. I thought I detected a slight hint of disappointment in her tone, but it could have been the sleep deprivation.
"Anika," he answered, before glancing out his window. We were now passing into Amsterdam's city center, each building and each street appeared straight out of storybook. He turned to Lily. "Can you see? The city is beautiful at night."
She turned to my window and tried ducking her head and craning her neck to look up at the buildings. It was very awkward, and it didn't help that I couldn't really maneuver much because my body felt like it weighed 500 pounds. Nico noticed her struggle.
"Here," he gestured to his window. "I will slide..."
He scooted toward her, while Lily attempted to climb over and take his spot at the window. At exactly this moment, the taxi hit a bump, probably a loose cobblestone—it caused Lily to fall right into Nico's lap, sitting on him like he was Santa Claus.
"Well, hi," Nico said to her with a slight chuckle.
"This is awkward," she replied, her cheeks turning a little red. Yet she didn't move. Instead, she gazed out the window. "I can actually see perfectly. Is this OK? Are you uncomfortable?"
"Lil, Nico's not going to complain about a hot girl sitting on his lap," I said. I was coherent enough to understand that my best friend's dick was mere centimeters from my wife's ass, but I knew nothing serious would happen.
Lily looked at him, as if to make sure. He was grinning.
"He is right," Niko said.
"OK, good. Because it'ssoooopretty. I can't wait to go explore tomorrow..."
I drifted in and out of sleep and lost track of the conversation for the next few minutes. The next thing I remember was feeling the car stop. I opened my eyes just in time to see Lily climbing off of Nico's lap so that he could reach his wallet and hand the driver some cash.
"Dankjewel," Nico said to the driver, then turned to Lily and added, "Dutch for 'thank you.'"
We got out of the car, grabbed our luggage (again, Nico grabbed Lily's), and followed Nico to the door of his building. His apartment may have been small, but you couldn't beat this location; a cobblestone street lined with bicycles. Water from a canal reflected the moonlight onto the building's windows.
Lily was in awe. "I can't believe youlivehere! I just can't."
"You two should move to the Netherlands," he replied sincerely, leading us into his building.
"Trust me," I said. "Right after we got married, I brought up the possibility and it was shot down hard."
"That's not fair! This is my first time here," she argued, then looked right at Nico with a sly smile. "How was I supposed to know how...sexyAmsterdam was?"
Nico laughed as we packed into the elevator. "If this is sexy to you, wait until the Red Light District."
"Lily doesn't want to go," I said. "I told her about it and she said it sounded sleazy."
Lily looked embarrassed. "That's not... I do want to go. It sounds fun."
"Then it is a plan," Nico smiled.
At this point, I wasn't sure what to make of Lily's obvious quest to seem "cool" around Nico, including her agreeing to do things she certainly had no desire to do a mere week ago. But I loved the Red Light District, so I wasn't complaining.
_____________
Nico's small apartment was dark when we first opened the door, so for a moment I thought Anika must have decided not to stay after all. Even in the dimness, I could see nearly everything from the doorway: Nico's bed directly in front of us, the loft above, a mini kitchen and bathroom door off to the side.
Nico flipped the light switch on, and the blankets on his bed started to stir. A second later, a girl who looked like a Victoria Secret model propped her head up to look at us.
"Hallo schat," she purred. Nico looked rather annoyed.
"Anika, while my friends are here please speak English," he said.
"I apologize," she said. "It is lovely to meet you."
She got out of the bed to come greet us. When she stood up, we could see that all she was wearing was an oversized t-shirt that was clearly Nico's. It wasn't quite long enough to hide the front of her black panties, which ended up on display as she walked toward us.
Anika reached me first, pulling me in for a hug. She was taller than me, with long, dark hair and endless legs. I felt her perky boobs against my chest as it quickly became obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra.
"Hallo Trevor," she said. At the mention of my name, I became increasingly aware that I was getting hard. "Nico talks of you often."
"Um, thank you," I replied. I glanced at Nico, who was setting Lily's bags down and not even paying attention.
Anika turned to Lily and embraced her as well. "Friends of Nico are friends of mine."
She let go of Lily and walked toward Nico, giving the two of us an unimpeded view of her toned thong-clad ass. Nico was busy lighting a candle, so she wrapped her arms around his waist and whispered something in his ear... Their backs were facing us so I couldn't tell for certain, but I was pretty sure that she also shoved her hand down the front of his pants. Nico shrugged her off of him without so much as acknowledging her.
"What a slut," Lily whispered to me. She was eying Anika with disgust.
"It's Europe..." I started.
"Do you think she's pretty?" she asked, catching me off guard.
"Umm... Well..." I didn't want to admit to my wife that any guy with blood flow was likely going to feel it rush straight to the tip of his cock the moment they saw her. I subtly tried to adjust my boner.
"Be honest. Am I sexier than her?"
"A hundred percent," I said. And I wasn't lying. To me, Lily was the sexiest person alive... but that didn't mean that Anika wasn't really fucking hot.
"OK good," Lily relaxed. "I really don't think she's pretty enough for Nico. He must just like her because she's slutty."
"She seems nice, Lil. We just met her," I muttered, just as the two of them turned back to us.
Nico gave us a quick rundown of the apartment's quirks. By then, Lily was starting to feel the time difference as well, so she went into the bathroom to change into her pajamas. I was past the point of exhaustion and grateful for this day to be over. We brushed our teeth and climbed up the short ladder to the loft, where I immediately dropped face first onto my soft pillow.
"Thanks for bringing me here, babe," Lily said softly, laying beside me and giving me a kiss. I honestly don't even remember if I responded before I drifted away.
I don't know how long I had been sleeping when I was woken by a loud creak of the bed below us. It was still dark outside, so I know I couldn't have slept too much. I rolled over, ready to pass back out, but that's when I heard the begging.
____________
"Pleeeeeease, sir," Anika whined from underneath the loft. "I've been so good... I need it so bad!"
"I fucked you this afternoon," I heard Nico's calm voice respond. "My friends are here now."
"But I can't wait any longer... I need your huge cock inside me! I can't sleep without your warm cum leaking out of me... I'm addicted to it..."
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I wondered what Nico had been doing to make her this dependent on sex with him. It was almost pathetic how desperate she seemed. I decided I'd ask him for tips later.
"No," he responded.
"But I was nice to your friends! My wet pussy deserves to be fucked..."
"So you were only nice to them to get me to fuck you?"
Anika didn't respond.
"You fucking slut," Nico said cooly. "Walking around in just your panties, trying to turn me on."
"It turned your friend on... I felt his little hard on when I hugged him."
"He would never fuck you. His wife is much sexier and nowhere near the desperate slut that you are."
Anika again said nothing. And then I heard her start to cry. She blubbered for a moment before Nico ordered:
"Stop crying. You'll wake up Trevor and Lily."
Anika sniffled and held back her tears.
"I am sorry for being such a horny slut... But please, it is not my fault you have the best cock, please just fuck me, I will do anything you want..."
"Fine, I will let you suck it. If you can get me hard, I will make you cum."
"Thank you for letting me try, sir," she said instantly.
I heard the bed creak again and I could tell that she was eagerly repositioning herself for a blowjob. I was stiff as a board at this point and wished so bad that I could watch what was happening. Considering my persistent horniness and lack of a good orgasm recently, it was no wonder I was so turned on.
I felt Lily adjust herself next to me and realized I'd been so preoccupied with my arousal that I forgot she was next to me. I wondered if she had woken up and heard everything. I propped myself up so that I could see her eyes, and sure enough—wide open.
I leaned down and whispered in her ear. "Can you... believe this?"
She let out a soft giggle and then shushed me. Apparently she wanted to keep listening.
All that could be heard now was the quiet slobbering of Anika giving Nico head.
"Good girl," he whispered, still loud enough that we could hear. Then Anika gagged loudly.
"It is so hard..." I heard her licking it in between her words. "Sooo big... it barely fits in my mouth... please, sir, put this giant cock in my pussy and make me cum so good... please Nico..."
"I do not think so," he said. "I think I will cum in your mouth tonight."
"Noooooo," she whined. "You promised..."
"No I did not," he replied. He was right, too. I didn't remember a promise being made. Still, if I had been in his situation there's no way I wouldn't have been able to resist fucking Anika.
"Please fuck me, sir. I'll do anything. Anything! I will suck this dick at any time in any place... I will never suck another dick, just please put this inside me right now!"
I almost laughed at the sheer absurdity of it. How is it even possible for a girl, especially one as hot as Anika, to be this desperate for dick? I decided that this must be some sort of role playing that they did... there's no way she was serious.
"Fine," Nico said. "But after I cum, you will immediately leave the apartment. Leave all your clothes and underwear here, and you will have to get home completely naked with my cum still leaking out of you."
"But..." she started. "I live so far away... people will see me..."
"That is too bad," he said firmly.
"No no no, please... don't put it away. I will do it," she finished. "Just shove that huge cock in me right now!"
Nico laughed. "You really are the biggest slut in Europe."
"You can make anyone a whore with this amazing di— ahhhhhhhh... oh my god... oh FUCK!"
It was easy to pinpoint the exact moment he went inside her, even without a visual.
"Shut up!" Nico whispered forcefully. "I still have guests."
Her moans hushed, but were nevertheless intense as we heard them harmonize with the sloppy sounds of her soaking pussy.
"Mmmmhhmm uhhhhh ahh fuuuuuuuck," she whimpered. "I can't... uhhh... you're dick is too fucking good... thank you thank you thank you I'm cummmmmmming ughhh!"
She had cum less than 30 seconds after he entered her. I had never heard anything like it! Lily almost never came from penetration, I'd have to lick her clit or use a vibe most of the time to get her off. I started feeling insecure. Have I been doing it wrong? I wondered how big Nico's dick could possibly be, and did it really make that big of a difference?
The sheer eroticism of it all was getting to be too much. The loft was low enough that the smell of sex easily reached our nostrils. I tucked a hand under the covers and rubbed my hard dick through my sweatpants.
Was Lily as turned on as I was? Her back was turned to me so I couldn't tell, and I didn't want to risk Nico and Anika stopping by repositioning and making noise.
The bed squeaked again as they changed positions.
"Yes, sir... keep pounding me, stretch me... ruin my pussy... no one's dick compares to yours..."
"Where am I going to cum, slut?" Nico said, still sounding calm.
"In my pussy... please fill my slutty cunt..."
"Yourslutty cunt? Whose slutty cunt is this?"
"YOUR'S!"
"Correct."
"Forgive me... please cum inyourcunt... you have earned this pussy, it is yours... you own it..."
"And what will you do after I fillmypussy with cum?"
"Ughhhh! Ahhh... I will... fuuuuckkk... I will leave my things and go home."
"And will you stop at the bathroom first to wipe up my load?"
"No! Mmm, fuck... I will let it drip out of me..."
"What if someone sees?"
"I will tell them it is yours and... fuck... that I am lucky you let me have it..."
"Good girl. Here is your reward," Nico said.
"Oh god... I can feel it filling me... so full.. oh fuuuuuck... nnngnghh..."
She let out a guttural moan and I knew she was cumming again.
That put me right over the edge. One final rub and I came intensely in my sweats, squirting four or five shots. A huge load pooled around my cock.
A wave of guilt washed over me. I had just orgasmed while eavesdropping on my best friend's fuck session. I wondered what Lily would think if she knew I had cum in my pants, but just as that thought entered my head, I saw her remove her hand from her pajama bottoms. She'd been touching herself too.
I heard Anika thank Nico one last time, followed by the sound of the door shutting. With how quickly it happened, I could only assume that she actually left her clothes and was now walking through the streets of Amsterdam fully nude, her pussy drenched in Nico's cum.
I didn't move, waiting to see if he was going to get up and clean up at all. After a minute it became obvious that he was just going straight to sleep.
I slid closer behind Lily and cuddled her. I could feel her heart still racing. I put my arm around her and grabbed her tit. She didn't seem to mind.
Suddenly, as I spooned my groin into her ass, I felt a wetness press against my dick. Shit! I had forgotten about my cum, and now I had probably smeared it on her pajamas. Knowing Lily, she was going to be pissed...
I backed my lower half away from her and slid my hand across her ass reached to assess the damage. I was expecting to feel a little gooey wet spot somewhere on her bottoms, but instead I found that her pajamas were completely soaked. At first, I wasn't sure what I had happened, but the more I felt, the more obvious it became:
Either Lily was wetter than any girl had ever been, or Nico had made my wife squirt for the first time in her life without even touching her.
___________