This is a tale of cuckoldry and cold hearted cheating. It was also a tale that left one young male wondering if he carried a sign that said 'Hi girls you can cuckold me'. It contains grains of truth in it and some names have been changed and no places mentioned other than in general non specific terms.
"Lots of people talk and few of them know. Soul of a woman was created below, yeah. You hurt and abused tellin' all of your lies. Run around sweet baby, Lord how they hypnotize."
Lyrics from Dazed and Confused are by Jimmy Page and Robert Plant
Introduction:
There was a time I thought her sweet but how wrong was I because she turned me into a cuckolded man or tried to. I probably saw it coming as well and did nothing to stop it. Some folk would say I even invited it. It was the last thing I expected from a once demure prim and proper Reverends daughter.
Thinking back to the day I first met Clare in a café sitting on her own just as I was issuing the get lost orders to one chick. The chick fled weeping; I don't know why as the slut had two-timed me and thought I wouldn't find out about it. I didn't really care and that was the bottom line.
I was about to put on my earphones to listen to Dazed and Confused by Zep as the lyrics sort of suited my view of chicks at the time in that souls of women were created below. I still have that dark view of them years later.
Clare who I didn't know or at least didn't initially recognise flashed her eyes at me "That was pretty cruel, she is clearly heartbroken. Do you break lots of hearts once you have had your way with us girls?"
I was momentarily taken aback before I replied with a deep sigh "She two timed me in my own bed of all places with another bloke the second my back was turned. If she thought for one second I was going to let her cuckold me, well then the dirty slut had another thing coming pussycat. No way was I going to let any chick do that to me. I don't count the hearts I may have or may not have broken. There is plenty of fish in the ocean."
She was momentarily struck speechless "I'm sorry to hear that. I know her; I didn't expect to ever hear Audrey Hamilton being called a dirty slut by anybody. Did she really sleep with another bloke in your bed?"
I shrugged "She did that kitten. She had a bloke in my bed the second I was heading off to an away footie match with some mates. It was a late cancellation so we were home several hours earlier and there she was on her back legs akimbo getting fucked by a bloke I didn't really know from Adam in my bed. The music was blaring so she didn't hear me getting in. I had actually been watching them for two minutes before either of them noticed me catching flies."
Clare giggled "Sorry I know it isn't funny but you made it sound really funny. You obviously didn't kill him or her as you aren't behind bars and I just seen her leaving here."
I shrugged "I suppose you have to see the funny side of it or I would go nuts. Well I gather she had been fucking guys behind my back for three months at least before that and nobody had the guts to tell me that was what she was doing. The temerity of the slut thinking I would take her back though.
Oh I gave that bloke a ten second start and threatened to come after him with a baseball bat. She pretty much begged me naked not to kill him and that it was all her fault. I kicked her out and told her not darken my door again or I would give her a hiding as well."
She flashed her eyes at me "Well I will have something juicy to tell my sister Ruth. I think you asked her out once Mike Forbes."
I gave her a closer scrutiny "Bugger me its Clare, Clare Gordon and you aren't so little any longer. The eyes don't change though. They are the same cheeky eyes. Oh and there is only one Ruth hereabouts that I ever asked on a date."
She was a little surprised as she replied "Oh uhmm I didn't think you would recognise me."
She giggled "Is it really true that you dated every girl in your year at school and then some?
I grinned "That is an exaggeration. I did ask every one of them out on a date as a bet at first but then it became a challenge. Not a totally fun one at times. I asked some 102 girls out on a date spread over 3 school years to be exact.
I would say that one third of them told me to go to hell or not even if hell froze over and not in several thousand months of Sundays. Ruth was one of those that wanted to roast my castrated nuts over a fireplace and then feed them to me."
She giggled and my dick twitched in my pants as her tits jiggled even in her frumpy top.
I continued "The other two thirds I dated at least once. I got into the knickers of maybe a third of them!"
She looked shocked at that "Why you randy bugger Mike! You could have lied about that."
I grinned "I could have lied but you wouldn't have believed me or your sister would have told you that I was lying. So do you fancy going to a movie with me tonight kitten since I am on my lonesome again or am I going to have to wait until hell freezes over I hope not?"
She stammered "What me? What movie? I uhmm oh! Uhmm I suppose!"
I grinned "It is a yes or no question and does it matter what movie kitten."
She said yes and giggled "But there will be no funny stuff as I have two big brothers remember and Ruth will want to roast your nuts if you do try anything. I am not one of those skanks you got into the knickers of and I am not Audrey Hamilton who sleeps around either. Shit I don't believe I just said that."
Her transformation that evening from frump into I need to fuck this chick like yesterday was astounding. She would get a wolf whistle and twirled for me with a delicious dance in her eyes as she did so.
The virtual biker slut outfit that she wore just highlighted her 5ft 8 inches and long fox red hair that she now hung loose and it highlighted her 36DD-23-35 body shape. I took one look at her big wide doe like brown eyes and knew I should have fled but I didn't.
I heard a female voice chirp "You look after my baby sis or I will castrate you and roast your nuts on an open fire and feed them to you."
I laughed "Hi Ruth, you are still as sadistic as ever I see."
I had heard stories that the Gordon kids were all begat to different fathers as it was the mother that dictated policy in the Gordon house but nobody was going to say that within hearing distance of Clare's father Frank Gordon let alone say it to his face. He had a temper and fists to back it up as well or so I heard. He wasn't a small bloke when it came to muscles. It was another warning sign I ignored I suppose because my dick and balls were dictating policy at me at that point in time.
I wasn't getting any pussy that night and I didn't get a kiss out of her until a second date. I usually had them dancing on my dick by the third date but not this hard nut Clare, she just wasn't having it. I didn't want her brothers or her father on my case either. I suspected her sister Ruth really would roast my most precious jewels.
It was just one of those fortuitous or un-fortuitous things that she would be going to university in the same city where I now worked as I had graduated the few months before she would begin university. I would have to suffer three months of hand jobs to get relief until I told her I wanted to split as I could get pussy to put out for me any time and hand jobs weren't cutting it.
Well after the threat she started to give me blow jobs but that didn't last for long when she wouldn't give any without me wearing a rubber. Well that situation didn't last long either before I told her I wanted to split again. She would give up her ass for a fucking but she wouldn't spread her legs and give up her precious cherry and again she had me wearing condoms and nothing bareback.
I can hear you all screaming "Get her drunk and fuck her stupid bareback and then ditch her!"
I thought about it but getting a chick drunk and fucking her is tantamount to rape here now and her alleged da really was a big fucker and one of her uncles wore bikers colours and colours that I didn't have to protect me inside when I got put away. I didn't have a death wish. I would also have the rabid feminazi's on my case. I should have walked away then but I was bloody obsessed with fucking her and fucking her bareback.
Heck even my baby sister warned me about her but again I wasn't listening. I think I had surrendered my alpha male mantle months before that and had fallen to being a useless beta male and didn't do anything to arrest that slide. Well it would take me pretty much a year to get into her knickers and only then wearing a rubber. By then though I was a lost cause and I didn't see it.
When I suggested she go on the pill she wasn't having it and not even the morning after one either. I had reached another I have had enough of this points but I didn't follow up on it when she sent one of the flat mates to A&E after we found him rolling about on the floor in agony. She had squeezed his balls pretty hard after he stuck his hand under skirt and his fingers in her snatch.
She just shrugged about it "I am your girl and that is all there is to it! So tell your chancing mates to stop trying it on with me or more of them will be going to A&E! I hope you haven't been putting them up to it!"
I told her I hadn't. I had a few angry and choice words with her about that. I told her if she thought that about me then she knew where the door was and not to slam it on her ass on the way out. She got apologetic for a while as she knew she had crossed a line with me. She still wasn't letting me go bareback though.
There would be a bareback incident one weekend when an ex called Monica appeared on the scene and Monica wanted to get back with me until she realised that I had Clare and was pretty steady with her. Clare got neurotic and jealous and pretty much let me fuck her bareback for a whole weekend. I fucked her 10 times in two nights but the downside was a neurotic Clare on my hands until her period struck and it was back on the rubbers.
Clare's one dice with bareback sex was over the second Monica was gone. She had actually seen Monica as a real threat or so it seemed to me even though in reality she wasn't. Monica had nothing that Clare didn't have and then some. I should have walked away then but I didn't. I don't know what kept be going for more metaphorical battering around the head.
The dynamic also changed with the arrival of a bloke called Steve in the flat. I noted Clare flirting with him more than she did with the other guys up to that point and I noted she let him off with sexual laced innuendo that she hadn't let the other guys off with before.
The Intended Cuckoo:
Clare seemed to be in a lighter mood as well with the arrival of Steve in the flat and it was obvious as hell that the minx fancied him or so it seemed to me. He never made a move on her though despite what I interpreted as invitations from her to do so. It was in the eyes and the way she looked at him. It was also in the way she dressed and she showed more flesh around him or so it seemed to me.
It was ironically Steve who saw how things were and we had a talk one morning as he spoke almost apologetically "You can see how things are cant you? I have had this effect on chicks before. I don't go looking for it man and heck I bet you have had this before as well chicks hitting on you when you are single and in theory available. Heck I get it even when I am not single. I toned down the innuendo as well but it doesn't make any difference.
There has been a couple of times when I wanted to throw her on her back and fuck her brains out and I get the feeling in my gut she wouldn't stop me or object to that happening either. Heck she gives me a right fuckin hard on as well. Oh and I wouldn't wear a rubber either dude that really isn't a good sign."
I sighed "Yeah I figured she fancied you as she lets you away with shit she doesn't let any other guy I know away with. I didn't want to see it but it is right in my face really. It is the heavy flirting that she does with you but no other blokes really. She will do it with me if she really wants something."
Steve had been in the flat 3 months to that point and I suppose I had been with Clare 21 months to that point in time.
Steve rubbed his jaw "I didn't want you hooking me with either of your fists as she almost caught me out already at least twice when I had raging boners dude. I just thought that sooner or later she was going to cuckold or cheat on you.
You are probably going to have to turn a blind eye to some things you will see and a deaf ear to others. I have a plan that will play on our terms and not hers. I heard about that Audrey Hamilton bitch.
I also heard about the bloke when you eventually caught up with him. I don't want to be spending the same amount of time in A&E as he did dude."
I smirked "He didn't run far enough that was his mistake. His second mistake was hitting on Clare at a dance in the Student Union. That was the bigger of his two mistakes. I guess my first punch broke his nose and the second one knocked him out cold. She didn't know who he was at least I hope she didn't because it would be pretty callous if she did. She did sort of stop me killing him I guess."
Steve grimaced "It would be callous if she did know who he was. Chicks though don't know when they are well off sometimes. I think all the blood that went to his dick stopped him seeing sense and deprived him of all common sense. No mockery intended Mike but he is bigger than either of us between the legs. It is what I heard anyway."
I sighed "I know as I saw him fucking Audrey dude. In my own effin bed, I can't get over that. I was pretty lucky he didn't actually press charges. He could have. I think I had some family threaten him."
Steve told me the kernel of his plan and the sordid details "I can set up the hidden cameras in the kitchen, living room and my room! I think that the bathroom is off limits as we all like a bit of privacy. I know what I am doing as I do all the electronic stuff for a couple of P.I's man.
It is mostly surveillance for divorce cases. It is pretty sleazy sordid stuff really. It doesn't give you a good view of marriage or long term relationships of any kind really. It is a real eye opener though as to what people get up to and the bitches in particular."
When Clare came round that night she would hear me and Steve laughing. When she inquired I replied "Oh we decided not to talk footie as we support different teams and we are never going to agree on anything. So we decided to talk about well sexual fantasies instead. We couldn't even agree on that except we like red heads with big tits and that is where it ends."
She sat on my lap where I pulled her into it as I exchanged fantasies with Steve before Steve grinning asked "You know I think we should get Clare to spill the beans on her fantasies. Well chicks must have them. I bet she has some hot ones."
She tried to escape but I had her pinned on my lap "Oh no you don't minx. No escape until you confesses your sordid sexual fantasies. I will also start tickling you if you don't."
Her face was beetroot red as I could guess at what she didn't want to say. She would eventually blurt out since she didn't like to get tickled beyond a certain point "Okay well you guys have fucked lots of girls so I have fantasies about fucking lots of different men. There I said it! Are you happy now?"
I just grinned "Is that all? We thought it was going to be something really weird like your pal Rachel who has a thing about dwarves or so we heard anyways. That is really weird shit."
I would draw out of her that she had fantasies about some of her male school teachers as then she wouldn't have to admit she was having them about Steve or anybody close that I might know. There would be more such games in the days following that.
Her birthday was another occasion when her facade began to break since she got a birthday kiss from Steve that was a little more than a birthday kiss with his hands wandering. She did nothing to stop his hands wandering either. She would though get sufficient warning to break her lustful clinch with him so as not to get caught. There would be a steamy clinch later after we got back from clubbing with her. Steve would finger her off before she got caught in the act. He called it a birthday bonus for her.
In the days that followed her birthday there was a lot more flirting with Steve and a lot more touching but not enough time or opportunity to do much more than that? She looked like and sounded like she was getting frustrated. Steve reckoned she actually wanted the best of both worlds as in both of us all to herself for as long as possible and that was now her long game.
Things got steamier again in the run up to Xmas as she got under the mistletoe and more than once by him and she didn't mind that at all. She made sure to get caught under it by me just as often. She was looking guilty quite a lot of the time that Xmas. I sometimes got a hard on watching her with him. Then there was one occasion when she told him not to stop and to fuck her and fuck her stupid. He stopped though and to her annoyance if not fury.
Pushing Her Buttons:
I gave her just enough rope to hang herself I suppose. I made a comment to her about how she was flirting with Steve quite a lot and that night she gave me oral, anal and vaginal sex but with a fuckin rubber on of course. She got more attentive towards me for a few weeks after that as well. She stopped the flirting, at least in my presence she did. I was seeing cynically just how things worked with her.
I wondered who her mentor was. We kept pushing her buttons or so I hoped anyway. I had no doubt she had a mentor, they all had mentors. That would be slut mates or sisters or even feminazi's. I had run into them all in my young life to that point.
We would push her again when she caught us talking about sex fantasies. I would let slip whilst she listened "Fuck me I though I had an above average dick! Well a way above average dick at 7 inches long by 6 inches in circumference. It turns out Steve here is a fuckin mutant at 8 inches long by 7 in circumference."
Clare's eyes just about popped out of her head as she glanced at his crotch. She giggled to cover up what she was thinking "Have you guys been measuring your dicks?"
Steve laughed "No gorgeous, we are taking each others word for it. Are you volunteering to measure our dicks just to double check?"
She declined the invitation to measure his dick but she kept glancing at his crotch that day and hoping I didn't notice. I grinned all the same "We have been picking erotic tales off the internet on a one for one basis. We agreed that some of them were very hot Clare. You can read what we have been reading by viewing out browsing history on the Desktop in my room."
She was curious like all felines I suppose and looked at what we had been supposedly reading on the internet. She would have read stories or at least seen stories about slut wives or girlfriends cheating on slash cuckolding their husbands or boyfriends.
Steve would play the tease "Heck the idea of knocking up or just shagging another blokes women is a turn on doll."
She would ask about that later. She would make me a coffee and then sit on my knee "I didn't expect that you would be turned on by cheating or cuckolding porn stories Mike. Well not just you but Steve as well. You ditched that Audrey for cheating on you yet you are reading erotica about guys that get cheated on and chicks that cheat. I am a little surprised."
I smirked "I caught up with the guy as it happens babe. He was the guy I beat the shit out of at the Student Union for hitting on you. Well it went beyond hitting on you I suppose and he had more than a ten second start on me to run. It was kind of personal babe.
I didn't say that watching Audrey getting fucked wasn't hot as in a turn on I watched her for getting fucked for maybe two or three minutes before either of them saw me. That didn't mean I was going to forgive her for it especially as it was in my bed and my fuckin whisky she fed to him as well.
It might be a turn on but it isn't something 90 percent of blokes are going to tolerate happening to them. She had been fucking him for months as well and in my fuckin bed every time. Have I forgiven her? Well no as that isn't going to happen in my lifetime babe."
She gave me a quizzical look with her eyes before she asked "You were going to let him fuck her until he came in her and then beat the shit out of him?"
I shrugged "Pretty much I suppose. Well now that I think about it. I would have let him get dressed I suppose but that was it. He was a sort of a mate but not an out and out friend. There was no way I was going to forgive her that. Brian the guy that stayed here before didn't have the guts to tell me what she had been doing when I wasn't here."
She flashed her eyes at me "You know some of those stories are pretty hot."
I smirked "They are just stories though and bear little relation to reality or none at all because most cuckoos as in 99 percent of them will get the shit kicked out of them or castrated babe."
She would be led a merry dance in the weeks that followed as after her next period I would come down with an illness that required 2 weeks of sexual abstinence and antibiotics. I invented a bladder and kidney infection as even Clare got frustrated from time to time. The object of that exercise was to get her frustrated to respond to Steve since he had knocked her back previously.
It would be three weeks without sex of any description for her. Well she didn't own any sex toys and she wasn't the kind to use her fingers and she wasn't getting any tongue from me either. I told her how the antibiotics could throw off the bacterial balance in my mouth and maybe give her thrush or Chlamydia. It all sounded sort of plausible enough to be true.
It would by one means or another add to three and a half weeks without for her and Steve would occasionally snog and molest her just to frustrate her more. It was all recorded as well. It might also have given me a boner watching her in action with him before he stopped her going any further.
I would prep her in another way by telling her "I am heading off to an away footie match this Sunday with the guys! We will be leaving early and we won't be back till maybe 3 in the morning babe. It is like a 6 o clock kick off. We will probably stop at a motorway services for an hour on the way home as well."
I wondered if she would be frustrated enough to fuck Steve or take the risk to do so that Sunday. She would have plenty of time to do so. She would have 12 plus hours minimum if not 15 hours plus. Whatever was happening I was going to enjoy my long day out at the footie with some mates. I was going to pay no heed as to what unfolded in my flat; Clare would be history or maybe not if nothing happened.
I didn't get back until 4 in the morning and pretty much crashed straight away. I knew something had happened when Clare was round on the Monday night looking guilty as sin about something. She was also dressed pretty slutty in her red tartan micro mini and fishnet stockings that she hated wearing for me. That was another tell she had.
I knew for certain she had fucked Steve and had fucked him bareback as well without any actual evidence when she asked to stay the night and fucked me bareback; in fact that night she did oral, anal and vaginal sex bareback.
I thought she was going to confess her guilt with some of the looks she was giving me. I would get the same looks as she made me a fry up breakfast in bed with my favourite percolated coffee recipe on the Tuesday morning.
Steve would present me with the damning evidence of her two-timing treachery on the Tuesday afternoon. He handed me a disc "It is all on there. It is a condensed record of pretty much 12 hours of bareback sex and fucking, condensed down to pretty much three hours.
You can judge it for yourself man. She doesn't know she was recorded. Husbands would kill to get such evidence on their wives and vice versa."
He would leave me to play the disc in my Desktop. It began with her being shown into the kitchen for a coffee. She was ironically in one of her Sunday best outfits. It was a long blue muslin skirt and a blue muslin top with long sleeves, even covering up she still looked totally fuckable. She let her hair loose as well.
It didn't take long for the kissing and hand wandering to start either and without any protests from Clare either well not that I heard from the recording. She might have been proactive in the sex from the moment she planted herself on his lap. She didn't even see him giving the camera looks; she was totally unaware of the hidden camera in the kitchen.
She would follow him to the living room without protest for the kissing and hand wandering to continue on the couch. I was really turned on when she performed a pretty sleazy strip for him and stripped down to only her suspender belt, stockings and heels. She obviously had this in mind even as she dressed to go to church that day.
She was one hot bitch that day. The strip wasn't something she was too keen on doing for me and the wearing of her sussies was something else she wasn't so keen in doing for me either. She was utterly unaware of the hidden camera in the living room catching her performance as she straddled him and began to pull off his clothes. Oh yes definitely proactive in that.
She was hot and bothered pretty fast as he toyed with her tits and nipples, first with his hands and fingers and then with his mouth and teeth. She had sensitive breasts and I had told him that. The camera had caught the wanton look on her face as he gave his attention to her breasts.
He would then have her stand and she knew what he wanted right then as she sank to her knees to worship his dick. The erect size of it stopped her in her tracks for several seconds as she uttered several expletives in relation to the size of it in length and girth.
The one thing about Clare was that I had taught her to give great head. She just wasn't all that keen in doing it without a condom but she didn't blink or utter any protest when she began to lick and suck Steve's naked dick and balls and I could say she genuinely worshiped them. The camera caught the whorish look on her face as she did so.
I might have been too turned on at that second in time to be angry at her. I was distracted by an unreal hard on when she suggested that her and Steve could have sex every time I went to an away footie match as long as there wasn't any chance of it being cancelled and thus of her getting caught fucking with him. It was straight from her mouth and audible even as she sucked and licked his dick and balls.
She would swallow every drop of cum he blasted out of his dick. She only did that for me under protest or extreme guilt. Well I had heard enough of that I guess even as I sat there with a rock hard boner watching he make out and the perform oral sex with Steve. He would return the favour and even beg to be fucked as he licked her out.
The differences in the way she treated me as compared to him were as clear as daylight. I would have to think carefully on how I was going to ditch her and get my revenge and revenge served cold I would want. I was feeling callous at that second in time despite the boner in my pants.
I thought I should thank Steve not just for the hot show he was giving me with the treacherous bitch but the fact I was slowly but surely rediscovering that side of me that I had lost a few years before. I was almost snarling at the monitor for him to fuck the slut hard and have no mercy on her and slacken and ruin her pussy for any other bloke.
The action would eventually find its way to Steve's bedroom. His slut maker had recovered its full pussy fucking hardness by then. There was no mistaking the unashamed lust in her eyes and on her face as she sat on the edge of his bed and spread her legs. Her chest heaved as she breathed heavily and told him as clear as day "Fuck me Steve, fuck me hard and often."
He didn't need a second invitation as she lay back on the bed with her legs akimbo off the edge of it. She didn't even stop him to ask him to get a condom on. That pretty much told me everything I needed to know about her attitude to me if I didn't already know it. I snarled at the screen "FUCK THE WHORE!"
She wasn't exactly quiet as he gripped her hips and rammed his dick into her immaculately free of hair snatch "AH FUCK SO BIG AND THICK FUCK ME STEVE! I HAVE WANTED THIS FROM THE FIRST TIME I MET YOU!"
That pretty much said it all and she wasn't even delirious at that point in time. She would be after he had been fucking her for 5 minutes and she had cum on his dick. The camera angle was such that I could easily see his dick thrusting in and out of her snatch and her juices coating it as he pounded her pussy.
The ecstasy and lust on her face was visible as he continued to thrust in and out of her as in her delirium she gasped "FUCK IT IS SO MUCH BIGGER AND THICKER THAN MIKE'S STEVE FUCK YOU FUCK ME BETTER! FUCK IT IS HEAVEN!"
Even as her words were like daggers in my back I had my dick out and I was pumping away on it with my hand. Seeing her get fucked was a turn on and I wasn't going to waste this porno and that was what it was. She was one hot slut when she was getting fucked by his dick. Her tits would jiggle delightfully when he thrust in and out of her as well.
The 5 minutes would turn into 10 and then 15 and then 20 before she was begging for mercy after several orgasms on his dick that reduced her to a shuddering, trembling and quivering wreck as sweat poured from her. Her skin glistened or maybe it was just the way the light fell on it. Her hair was mated with sweat and her exertions for sure
She would pant "MERCY STEVE! I'M FUCKED! CUM IN ME! I DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYTHING ANY MORE CUM IN ME! BREED ME STEVE! KNOCK ME UP STEVE!"
I had no doubt the whore would cuckold me with him right then if she had been ovulating. We had calculated this would be one of her safe days though. Well just in case she did fuck Steve bareback and she had. It was another dagger in my back. It didn't stop me cumming as I pumped my dick faster and faster. It had been an intense wank.
She would have another metaphorical stab in my back. I seen his grimace and he gritted his teeth and there was a noticeable thrust deep as he could go into her "Take that slut!"
She was glazed looking "OH FUCK YES STEVEEE! I CAN FEEL YOUR DICK PULSING INSIDE ME! FUCK PUMP YOUR CUM INTO ME! PUMP IT ALL INTO ME STEVE! GIVE IT TO ME STEVE! BREED ME STEVEEE! KNOCK ME UP!"
He would withdraw his withering dick from her after he had finished cumming in her and stepped back to take a shot of his cum seeping from her. She giggled as she panted "Hey that's bad Steve."
He laughed "It's a great picture babe. It will be a great memento of the day you became a total slut for cock and cum Clare."
She actually pouted "Hey I'm not a slut, I have only fucked you and Mike and I don't want to fuck any other blokes just you two. Please don't call me a slut."
He grinned "You will be a slut by the time I have finished fucking you today. It will be the fucking of a lifetime as well. "
The editing might have given the impression that he had super-fast recovery times as he maneuvered the whore into the doggy position and spread her legs before ramming his dick into her again. Despite her apparent exhaustion from the fucking she had received earlier she readily accepted his cock in her pussy again.
She gave him salacious looks over her shoulder as his dick thrust in and out of her and his balls slapped off of her as well. The noise of them doing so was audible on the recording. She wasn't quiet like she was when I usually fucked her. She was also talking real dirty to him most of the time he fucked her in the doggy position. It was like a totally different personality at work.
He would reduce her to another shuddering trembling quivering sweating wreck after several more orgasms, fuck she was cumming lots on his dick. She woud be begging for mercy again and for Steve to impregnate her again. She would collapse face down on the mattress after he had pumped more cum into her. She would eventually roll onto her back and giggle even as she panted from the fucking she had just got "Fuck Steve I cant ever remember cumming so much ever. Mmmm. Fuck me again. I want your big thick beautiful cock in me again."
She giggled as she still looked glazed "I think you might be right about me Steve, I am a total fuckin slut on your dick. I am not like this with Mike honest."
Steve taunted her "If you want my dick in you again now then you need to get it rock hard again slut. I think you know exactly how to do that."
She would drag herself up onto her knees on the bed as he grinned down at her. Despite the fact his dick was now soiled by his cum and her juices she set about licking, sucking and cleaning his dick back to life and that was just something she considered repellent when I wanted her to do it to me. She didn't even as much as blink over it as the two faced slut gave him lascivious looks.
Fuck she was one hot fuckin bitch licking and sucking and even slurping on his soiled cock and her saliva dribbled down her chin onto her tits. It was a scene that had my dick twitching back into life. I was probably going to run out of tissues at this rate. The tissues I kept on hand ironically for that slut Clare.
When she had him rock hard again he pushed her onto her back on the bed and spread her legs and gave it to her in the missionary position. She was in for another rock her world fucking. The difference was in that he didn't have to pause to put on a fuckin condom every time he wanted to fuck her. The sex was spontaneous and so much filthier.
He would taunt her as he fucked into a delirious state again "You are a slut now aren't you? You are a total cumslut aren't you?"
She panted in her delirium "UH HUH I'M A SLUT! I'M YOUR SLUT STEVE! I'M A CUMSLUT! I'M YOUR CUMSLUT! NOT HIS YOURS!" If a drunken man speaks the truth then maybe a delirious slut speaks it as well. Her words might have cut to the bone and hurt and the hurt turned to anger but even as I got angrier my dick hardened or so it seemed to me. I growled at the monitor as if that made any difference "Fuck the whore, fuck the slut, wreck her pussy."
He continued to fuck her in that position as she worked her hands and fingers on his back and his ribs and worked her calves and thighs on his legs and hips. He was also getting sensual action from her that I never experienced to my memory even once. It was just another sharp stake in the rank coffin of our relationship if one ever truly existed. I had my doubts right then.
She wasn't finished driving more stakes into the relationship as she panted in another orgasmic moment "FUCK STEVE I'M CUMMING AGAIN! FUCK ME STEVEE! LOVE ME I LOVE YOU STEVE I WANT YOU I SO WANT YOU!"
When he pumped another load of cum into her he rolled off her and she rolled on top of him snuggling into him in a way she never did with me. There was no mistaking her contented sighs of pleasure as she almost noticeably quivered as the aftershocks of her latest orgasm slowly ebbed.
She sighed deeply "I hope Mike goes to more away games so we can fuck more often Steve."
She didn't answer immediately but he did "If you feel like that then why don't you split from him?"
Her reply defied logic or any common sense but then she was of the female species and I use the word species quite deliberately as they felt quite alien to me at that moment in time.
She sighed "I can't leave him. I love him even if I have a funny way of showing it. I am going to ask him if he will share me with you openly Steve. There is no reason why either of you should get jealous of the other is there? I love you both."
I shook my head thinking no fuckin way whore, get fuckin real bitch. Not in a million fuckin years is that going to happen and you are history slut. She kept driving those stakes into the coffin that was now our relationship. I thought on what fuckin planet were you born whore? I kept jacking off as my dick stayed hard and I simmered under the surface.
There was an obvious break from the fucking as she no doubt tried to twist his mind round to sharing the slut. The next scene was of him fucking her in the standing doggy position over the kitchen work top. The ecstasy and lust was once again written in capital letters on her face.
He would then fuck her over the kitchen table. The kitchen action would result in her being fucked on the table with her ankles on his shoulder as he gripped her waist and pounded into and out of her before he ejaculated over her tits and onto her face. It was something that again she never let me do to her without protest. I was surprised the table didn't collapse.
They would have another pit stop after that for more coffee and nibbles obviously. The next scene would flash to the living room and she was watching a porno with him and again that was something the two faced bitch didn't do with me. The porno would finish with her impaling herself on his hard again dick and riding him cowgirl on the couch. It was another hot display as she didn't just fuck him with her pussy but with her whole body as she played with her tits salaciously and with her cheating eyes.
It was one thing or another thing she was good at and that was fucking in the cowgirl position and its variations. Steve would blow his load in no time despite having cum in or on the whore 5 times previous to that. I would blow a load just looking at her fucking him in the cowgirl girl position, I didn't even need to touch my dick that scene was so hot.
There would be another break in the recording for coffee and nibbles before he had her back in his bedroom and this time she was getting fucked anally. It was something else she had never been too keen in doing with me. The most she gave him was worried looks as he was bigger and thicker. Well her butt hole was going to be slacker after he had done with her that was for sure.
She always prepped it though just in case. Well just in case I got stroppy about wearing condoms and she would only do me orally or anally. She knew I got pissed off with her not wanting to do shit when I wanted it. Yet there she was giving him anal and starting to love it.
I thought my revenge and ditching her would be cold and it would be spiteful if not out and out vindictive. I knew I was going to ditch her as that anal scene was the final humiliating slap in the face for me. It was just a question of the how and the when I was going to ditch her. She might have been drop dead give a bloke hard on but she was history.
The Aftermath:
I would speak with Steve once I had finished viewing the porno of him and Clare and I had ventured into the real world again. He was a little wary until I eased him. I told him "I don't blame you for fucking her as often as you did or the way you did. She is one hot slut or turned into one with you.
That brings me to what I am thinking now. She is history so if you want her you can have her. I am through with her it is just a question of the when and the how man. In all the time I have known her and dated her she hasn't done half the shit with me that she has done with you, she is fucking history."
He shrugged "Yeah she is a hot bitch but how long do you suppose would it take her to do to me what she has done to you man? She has done it to you then she will do it to me or others sooner later. I will give taking her on a miss man even if she is hot stuff.
I reckon you are the safety valve for her anyway if I reject her offer and I am rejecting it as I don't see either of us sharing her long term do you and who the fuck is pulling her strings because I don't think she believes the shit she spouted either. Somebody has her thinking blokes will share hot pussy and that is just bizarre because we don't."
I replied "Yeah I reckon you have the way of it there. She was putting out on Monday night and she had an almost permanent guilty look in her eyes and on her face. I reckon somebody has been pulling her strings as well. I reckon they have been pulling her strings the whole time I have known her.
I have my suspicions but no proof. I don't much care for the interference either any longer. I want payback for years of frustration and basically grief. Clare wants her cake and to eat it well she isn't going to get that or anywhere near that utopian state. We could have some fun with this if we play her right before I tell her I am ditching her and why. Oh and uncover who has been pulling her strings because I want them to suffer as well."
I grinned as I told him what I had in mind and he shook his head at me "Man that is cruel but I reckon she has brought it on her own head as much as anything. You must have loved her to be that cruel. How hard would it have been for her to put out in the first place and snare you totally without all the head games?
They just can't help themselves the bitches in that they have to play the head games. That applies to all of them."
I would have Steve pull Clare's strings first about how I suspected her of sleeping around. I would then have my baby sister drop something within the hearing of three of Clare's sister namely Ruth, Sara and Lorna. In addition Clare's so called friends would hear rumours. I sat back and let the fun begin.
Clare couldn't act on the rumours or the second hand accounts since her period struck. I enjoyed her discomfort as the rumours and whispers took on lives of their own. Of course Steve had some surveillance on her mobile phone. We got to hear or pick up on her almost hysterical panic attacks whether it was verbal or texted.
It seemed that Ruth, Sara and Lorna had been coaching her all along with Ruth the main stick her nose in where it wasn't hostile protagonist. I was determined that I was going to fix her good as well after I ditched Clare. Clare was in such a panic over what she had heard that she was round every day cooking a meal for me. Her panic added to by the fact Steve wasn't about and she and others got it into their heads that I beat the shit out of Steve for fucking Clare. I enjoyed the circus that I caused.
The day she was clear of her period she was on me like a limpet on a rock that I couldn't get off. She was more passionate and maybe more loving than she had ever been. There was some desperation about her that night; the sex had been particularly intense with her that night. She hadn't asked me to use any bloody condoms either.
Clare didn't object when I wanted to fuck her in the kitchen and the living room, the places where Steve had fucked her but obviously not his room. She had suddenly become way more experimental. It was almost the kind of sex that I had wanted to have with her all along but now it was really a little bit too little and way too late.
The damage as they say had been done though and deep down I really wasn't a forgiving bloke. The sex seemed to relax her and she looked less guilty about some things. I did wonder briefly if I would forgive if she admitted fucking Steve and begged forgiveness and to give her a second chance but inside I knew I wouldn't. She had crossed a line and that couldn't be undone.
I knew I wasn't going to be enough on my own to satisfy the ravenous slut for big cock that she had become. I could work out her ovulation schedules as she avoided Steve on those days when she was ovulating and naturally she avoided me at the same time until the first official safe day arrived.
She was a gorgeous slut so when her first safe day arrived Steve would gladly fuck her to relieve her sexual stress and it would make for a great porno as well. I would contrive to be away from the flat for two days so she could fuck Steve without fear of getting caught in her head at least.
When I got back from my two day sojourn Steve would present me with another dirty hardcore video of him fucking Clare and her loving every filthy second of it. I guess I knew what to expect by then. It might actually have edged he first one for being filthy.
Steve had obviously installed some extra cameras as they didn't get to any of the rooms before the fucking started. He didn't even have her clothes off when he reached under her mini skirt and with one tug shredded her tongs. He had her pinned to the hall passage and skirt up and her legs wrapped round him as he slid his dick into her slick already pussy.
There was a look of pure ecstasy on her face as she clung to him "AH FUCK STEVE I HAVE MISSED YOUR BEAUTIFUL BIG COCK IN ME! FUCK ME STEVE! FUCK YOU ARE SO STRONG STEVE!"
She would add when she wasn't as focused on fucking him "We can fuck for a whole two days Steve. I know you like fucking me as much as I like fucking you."
I laughed to myself that there wasn't a hetero bloke of the planet that wouldn't like fucking her stupid every chance they got.
After she had cum several times on his dick and he had cum in her she would pose for another cream-pie shot for him. It was another noticeable thing that she didn't do for me. I didn't push the whore on the matter though as I wanted more sleazy porno films out of her. I decided I would at the very least make money out of the two-timing slut if I could.
Playing Clare:
She had decided since the first time she had fucked him that asking me to share her with him was just too risky at that moment in time and she needed more time to get me used to the idea. She would settle for fucking him behind my back since I could be taking other breaks that might involve me being away for two or three days. It was some act she put on with me.
I would have that fuckin rock hard dick again as I watched what was basically the best porn I had ever seen and that was Steve fucking her senseless. Well there was nothing contrived or acted about it. You couldn't act I don't think the real looks of wanton lust and the sheer ecstasy on her face when she was cumming on his dick or when he was pumping his cum into her.
The rutting would move to his bedroom where he would have her experimenting with positions again but it was good camera angle shots of him fucking her first in the bridge position where he showed off his strength again and the fucking her in the arch position where he again he showed off his physical strength. She would cum several more times and there was no faking the rapture on her face when she did just as there was no faking the lascivious lust on her face when he just fucked hard.
There would be a scene of her in the kitchen just sitting on his lap and kissing him. It was pretty much just a one way dialogue as he just listened and didn't really respond to anything she was saying to him. She assumed his silence or his shrugs meant assent to whatever she wanted to do.
He gave me a knowing look at the camera that she didn't see as he suggested to her at one point "You know fucking would get to be more regular if you were on the pill or maybe just the morning after pill instead of having to work around some rhythm or whatever method of contraception you are using.
He is also way more relaxed when he has fucked you bareback. So relaxed he is almost laid back for Mike. He might agree to your wishes when he is more relaxed you know. Baby steps slut, baby steps you know.
She sighed deeply as her pussy slid over his hard again dick "Do you think so Steve? I will give it a try and go on the pill then. I can't get enough of your thick cock deep in me and cumming on your cock. I can't get enough of you shooting your creamy cum into me." He gave me another knowing look via the camera as she fucked him. Sliding up and down on his dick as she had her back to him and he played with her tits. The camera angle caught his dick sliding in and out of her pussy perfectly I thought. It caught again her expressive eyes and face as well. I thought what a hot fuckin slut and a treacherous bitch at the same time as I shot my load and had to reach for the tissues again. I was surprised the kitchen chair didn't collapse either with the action it was now getting.
I was breathing heavily after I had shot my bolt and thinking that watching the two timing bitch getting fucked bareback especially could be or get to be really addictive. I watched the video as she continued to ride his dick.
She had that challenging look as she fucked him "Fucking you is real intense Steve. Cumming on your dick is so much more intense than cumming on Mike's but having his cock in me is nicer in another way. Fucking him and letting him cum in me annoys the hell out of my jealous older sisters who all want to fuck him as well. I am not going to tell them about your cock Steve, no way."
I smirked at that revelation since I wouldn't fuck any of them, well not knowing what I knew about them now at least. Strike that as I might fuck the bitch Ruth and I had rape fantasies about her. I wanted to teach that Ruth a hard harsh lesson in the worst way possible.
His spurting his cum on her face and her tits later was another event that had me reaching for more tissues. She rubbed his cum into her tits and face and I found that really hot in her case. He had told "Fuck you are a very dirty girl Clare."
She beamed in reply as she cleaned his dick "Only for you Steve."
I thought she probably hadn't spoken a truer word in her life to that point in time. I think everything else she uttered was probably a lie. I got a knowing look from Steve via the camera again.
It would be another three hour porn film of her getting fucked in various positions or fucking Steve in various positions and of me also having to listen to how he was so much better at most things than me. Okay so she might have been cumming or just plain delirious at the time but they were unforgivable things to say.
She would be pretty passionate the next time I let her into my bed. I knew it was a lie and an act by then if I didn't know it already. I wasn't going to let that get in the way of enjoying her hot body. Well lets face it guys it beat using my hands to get relief.
I would contrive to run into Audrey when I was out with Clare later that week. Clare naturally wanted to know what I spoke to Audrey about since it was more than a cursory one hi but an actual chat as I replied to Audrey's queries.
I told Clare "Yeah I told Audrey that I did forgive her. But that was only after I had the satisfaction in putting mister big cock in A & E. She didn't leave me much choice in that. Oh and I also told her that there wasn't a chance in hell of me ever getting back together with the two timing back stabbing bitch."
It was a chat that stopped Clare's plan to have me share her with Steve even though she was fucking him but just didn't realise that I knew but she would find out when I applied the coup de grace three months later after I had had enough of using her body for sexual relief. There was no love there if there ever had been and no emotional attachment.
Those months final with her had been cathartic in my rediscovering my true self one bitter day at a time. I also had tons of great amateur porn that could be marketed and sold and she wouldn't get a bean from it. I would split the profits fifty to fifty with Steve.
I think she knew from the way she looked at me and the extra effort that she was putting into things in those final months that followed that second time she had fucked Steve that I knew she had fucked Steve. She was extra passionate in bed and well getting my breakfast in bed every 3 to 4 days I wasn't going to complain about. She was also avoiding Steve when I was there despite being left with ample chances to fuck him again. She would save fucking him for when I was away for 2 or 3 days at least.
I accidentally overheard her one day phoning her interfering busybody of a sister and saying simply "It's no use, he knows about Steve and me Ruth, I know it in my gut, I should never have listened to you, and I know that he knows from the way he looks at me and the way he talks to me. I don't want to talk to you again ever Ruth or to Lorna or Sara. I blame the three of you!"
The night before the coup de grace I would ironically make love to her. I think she knew from the almost non stop 12 hour session of love making as opposed to out and out fucking that it was over. We wouldn't get up from the bed until two in the afternoon.
She would shower and get dressed and give me a worried look as she said "You are ditching me aren't you Mike? Is there any chance you will reconsider?"
I shrugged "Yes I am ditching you and I think you know why and there is something I want you to see. I want you to know exactly why I am ditching you so that there is no doubt. I recommend that you watch it all. I did! I won't reconsider Clare.
I might forgive you one day and you might even learn from the fuck up you made. I am not betting on it though. But between you and Audrey I will never trust another woman again as long as I have breath in me. Some things are just etched on my memory for all time.
Oh and Steve has left on his travels. He isn't coming back here ever. Your gear that you have here is in a bag in the kitchen. I am going out for several hours. I want you gone when I get back. Leave the key when you go."
I switched on the PC and started the video of her fuck session with Steve. I fled before the bubbling started and I knew it would. When I returned to the flat some 6 hours later she wasn't there. There was a note that said forgive me and sorry and that was it. She had been caught cheating and proposing to cuckold me. There was no way back for her after that. It always amazed me that they thought any relationship could recover from that.
I doubt she would have been pleased when most of the people she knew got copies of the video of her fucking Steve that she might have watched or maybe not. I needed some kind of revenge served cold. I thought I would make some coin from a bitch this time as well. I wasn't going to say no to getting some extra money.
It might have been at her instigation but maybe not but her brothers came hunting me a few weeks later but I had been half expecting it and I was waiting in ambush for them. I put both of them in A & E and since I was acting in self defence no charges were brought against me. Oh and there was two of them and only one of me.
I could be accused of being a cold emotionless fish but in truth I was probably cold and indifferent and incapable of loving any female since that day I caught Audrey fucking another guy in my own bed. I had burned that bed. I couldn't sleep on it as it had the stench of another man and treachery embedded on it. What really got me was that Clare actually thought she could do to me with interest what Audrey had been doing to me.
Hell as they say hasn't frozen over and probably never will and in the words of Dazed and Confused.
'Lots of people talk and few of them know. Soul of a woman was created below, yeah. You hurt and abused tellin' all of your lies. Run around sweet baby, Lord how they hypnotize.' Lyrics are by Jimmy Page and Robert Plant.
I told myself 'thank fuck I didn't marry the bitch or any of the bitches'. It is a cold place to be when you don't trust any of them. It would be a couple of weeks after I split from Clare I got a delivery of a few discs of me in action with Clare. I did enjoy the shows.