We had gone to my sisters for a weekend bar-b-que, and though it was your first time meeting my sister I had told you all about her. She's three years younger, thinner, more bubbly, more social, prettier and always made friends easily. To say there was some sibling rivalry and maybe a little jealousy was accurate. My thicker figure, more sarcastic attitude, and intelligence has served me well but I always tended to scare people away. So we went to her house for the party and I was anxious that you were going to find her more attractive than me, and I can't say I'd blame you. We walked into the house and I introduced you to my sister. Ever the polite gentleman you said it was nice to meet her, that she had a lovely home and that you had heard so much about her. I tried to curb my jealousy as she smiled widely at you and said she was glad you could come.
My nerves were on edge so I decided to get my drink on to calm my nerves and try to relax. I asked if you wanted anything and proceeded to grab us drinks. I drank one shot quick to get a buzz going and then grabbed our drinks before going back to you and my sister. When I came back you and my sister were standing close and being very friendly, maybe even a little too flirty. I could tell she was already buzzed and you were trying to be polite. I interjected myself and gave you a kiss before asking if you'd like a tour of the house. Drinking always makes me horny and I was working my way to a good buzz. I needed a minute alone with you. I decided to show you the upstairs. You knew what I needed and pushed me into the bathroom. Shut the door behind us and locked it before turning me around and pushing me against the bathroom door. Holding my hands above my head and kissing me long and hard, mouths parting and tongues dancing, you pulled away to growl in my ear.
"You are mine, and you are all I want or need."
It was exactly what I needed to hear and I relaxed against you feeling the heat rush to my core.
"Thank you daddy. I needed that."
"You're my good girl aren't you?" You asked.
"Yes daddy."
I panted against you. I was wearing the short lightweight summer dress you had recently bought me, black with sunflowers on it. You slid your hands along my back side and down to cup my ass, playing with my panty line.
"Give me your panties."
"What?" I asked startled.
"You heard me baby girl, give me your panties."
"Yes daddy."
I slowly pulled the thin lacy black pair down and stepped out of my panties handing them to you. You took them, neatly folded the thin material and put them in your pocket.
"Now, let's get back to the party and have some real fun."
We went back to the party and I felt myself blushing. Wondering if anyone could tell if I didn't have panties on under my thin summer dress. I kept pushing the sides down nervously. You put your hand on my low back, and pulled me in close to whisper in my ear.
"Relax baby girl. No one can tell. Go grab us drinks."
You smack my ass as I walk away and I jump and shake my head, smiling as I walk away. I walk around the party a bit talking to people I know as I make my way over to the bar in the kitchen. I again throw back a shot to calm my nerves before grabbing us drinks and making my way around the party to find you. I spot you talking to some of my brother in laws ex-ARMY buddies. I've met them a few times and walk up to you. You all stop talking as you see me approach and I get the distinct feeling you've been talking about me. As I get closer I hold your drink out to you and you surprise me by grabbing the back of my neck and kissing me long and hard on the lips. I break away embarrassed by such a public display but you only lean down to nip my neck. The guys don't seem surprised or embarrassed but rather intrigued and possibly aroused by our display. The guys all look at me with a hunger I wasn't used to seeing and it made me wonder what you were all talking about before I came up.
We continue to talk with the few guys there and my drink glass, though I've been continually drinking, never seems empty. The guys keep my glass filled and by the end of the night I'm a little more than a little tipsy. As we sat around at the end of the night the guys seem to get friendlier, more flirty and definitely more handsy. Hands feel like they are all over my body. My back, my legs, running along my arms. So many sensations. In my drunken state I feel overwhelmed and I know I'm being equally as handsy. We had decided prior to coming to the party to make a night of this and the kids were with your parents, I was glad I didn't have to return to mommy soon. I was pretty tipsy and horny and I needed a good release. I couldn't wait to get you home to see what you had in store for me. As we got ready to leave and we were saying our goodbyes I couldn't help but notice the guys were following us to the van.
"I hope you don't mind. I said we'd give them a lift, they're on the way home." You whispered in my ear.
"Oh, that's fine."
I replied as I was ushered into the back of the van. One of the men getting in the front seat presumably to give directions. I sat in the back between the other two men. I was comfortable and feeling flirty as the two men started to run their hands on my thighs. I looked up at you in the driver's seat confused and excited but nervous.
"Daddy?" I asked anxiously.
"It's ok baby, just go with it. Let them make you feel good." You replied.
The two men in the back with me wasted no time their hands on my thighs. Hands on my chest. One turned my head and started kissing me. The other was nibbling my neck. My stress and cares gone from the alcohol I let myself relax and go with my instincts. I returned their attention fervently. Kissing the one man back passionately. Moving my hands to their thighs to find them already hard and waiting. I began rubbing them through their pants and heard one moan. I tilted my head back and let out my own moan. As one hand slipped up higher on my thigh excited by the quick access no panties provided. His fingers running slowly up and down my slick slit. My hands grabbing hard cocks through pants.
The van stopped abruptly and I let out a sigh of disappointment. We had arrived at a nice looking hotel where I assumed they were staying.
"Why don't you guys come in for a drink?" The man up front said.
You looked at me, my eyes pleading for you not to let this be the end.
"Please daddy, let them fuck me." I begged with my eyes.
"Alright, that sounds like a plan." You said.
The way you said it while looking at me with a glint in your eyes, like you were expecting the question, and knew exactly where this night was going got me flushed. I could feel a new wave of wetness emerge from my core. We followed them into a large hotel room. Complete with a living room, adjacent bedroom with a king sized bed and large bathroom with a huge jet tub. We all sat down in the living room and one of the guys brought out a few beers. As we sat drinking the guys again surrounded me on the couch as you sat in a chair observing. I looked over to make sure you were happy with the progression of things. You smiled back at me and nodded for me to continue, to relax and get into it. As the men continued to pet me, hands roaming my curvy body they took turns removing my clothes as well as their own. Soon, we were all on the couch naked. One man kissing my neck and pinching my nipples. Another kissing my mouth and holding my hand to his hard cock. The third was kneeling before me, pulling my thighs open with two big rough hands and kissing his way up my thigh to my center. He pulled me roughly to the edge of the couch to allow him easier access, and I felt his warm wet tongue run from my asshole to my clit.
"She's sweeter than you said she'd be." He murmured against me.
I look over at you and see you leaning forward, watching everything, and smiling. You set this whole thing up I realized. I smiled at you.
"I love you daddy," I whispered.
I lost my train of thought quickly and was swept up into the pleasure as the tongue continued to run a path the whole length of my wet slit.
"Use your fingers on her."
I hear you say, you know all my secrets, all the little ways to get me going and make me feel good. The man between my knees immediately slides two fingers into my wet pussy and continues his lavishing of his tongue on my clit. The sensations are too much. The man at my neck bites a little harder, my nipples are pinched and rolled and the combination has me writhing on the couch. I cum hard for the first time that night. As I come down from my high I'm laid back on the couch. My head in the lap of one of the men and another between my legs. One cock pushes into my mouth as the other works into my pussy. Holding my hips in a strong bruising grip the man in my pussy starts to pump hard and fast into me. His cock is big and stretching me out and the strength of his thrusts build up the fire in me again. The other cock runs along my lips. I open my mouth and stick out my tongue licking all that I can reach. The last man standing grabs my hand and puts it on his cock, I squeeze my fingers tightly around him as I oblige and start stroking him slowly. The man at my mouth decides he's had enough of my tongue and holds my head in his lap as he pushes deep into my throat. As you watch the scene unfold I look over, my need to make sure you're happy too much to ignore for long. I watch as you run your hand over the bulge in your pants as a fire burns in your own eyes. Satisfied for the time being that I'm doing as you please I return my attention to the cocks around me. The man who's cock is in my hand grows impatient and picks me up. He sits down and turns me around so I'm facing him. Lining himself up he pushes into my dripping pussy. The man who's cock was in my pussy stands and pushes into my mouth and the man in my mouth gets behind me. He starts to lick my asshole, he spits on my ass and works two fingers into my tight hole. The intrusion in my tight asshole burns for a moment before turning delicious. I start pushing back onto his fingers and then he removes them, I look back and moan in disappointment before I feel him spit again on my ass and onto his hard cock and begins pushing slowly into my ass.
The new intrusion makes me pull away and gasp in shock. He pulls me back onto him and continues to push in slowly inch by inch until he's balls deep. Staying still for a moment I'm grateful to let my body adjust. He pulls out and begins thrusting in and out, rocking me forward onto the cock in my pussy. We get into a rhythm. Sawing back and forth between the men in my ass and pussy, and stroking and sucking the man in my mouth. I reach down with my free hand and gently massage his balls, then rub the space between his sack and his asshole. This set him off and the man in my mouth moaned.
"I'm gonna cum!"
He cries out as his seed hits the back of my throat. I swallow every drop greedily. He pulls away and I'm left being used in my remaining holes. The man in my pussy bites down on one of my nipples and the man in my ass grabs me by my throat. He pulls me back, forcing my back to arch and my chest to push further into the mouth of the other man, with my nipple between his teeth. I can feel them start to grow, their movements becoming more erratic beneath me.
"I'm cumming!"
They both groan in unison. It's just what I need and my own, second, orgasm takes over me as I shake between them, collapsing on the man under me. The man in my ass pulls himself out and I feel his seed running down my legs. The man under me lifts me and sets me on the couch beside him. His cum joining the other mans between my thighs. My eyes closed, they each kiss me passionately. Thanking me for a good time, they get dressed and leave. When I hear the door close I realize I'm alone. I open my eyes and have a moment of panic.
"Daddy?"
I call out softly. You come out of the adjoining bathroom and come over to me. You kiss me deeply.
"I'm right here baby girl, now let's get you cleaned up."
You help me up off the couch and lead me into where the large jacuzzi tub is full and waiting, steam coming off the water and the room smells like lavender, my favorite. You help me in, settling me into the water. You take your clothes off and climb in behind me. You pull my back to your chest and stroke my hair. Kiss my neck, and rub my shoulders. You wash my hair, my chest, and then my sore pussy and raw asshole. I'm relaxed against you. As you wash my pussy a new wave of desire rolls through me. Your hard cock pressed against my butt. Your fingers drawing lazy circles on my clit. You lift me up and press the tip of your cock to my center, I slide down. I relish the feel of you. I start to grind on your cock. Slowly sliding up and down, back and forth. You kiss my neck, before I feel you bite down. I know you've bitten hard enough to leave a mark and I shiver, I love the badge of honor and it sends a jolt to my pussy. You feel my walls squeeze tightly around you.
"That's my good girl. You're mine. You're my good girl. I let them fuck you. Now I'm reminding you, I own you."
As you growl those words in my ear I cum for the third time that night.
"Yes daddy, I'm yours. I'm cumming for you daddy!"
As I cry out my release I feel your seed hit my inner walls. We both relax again in the warm water.
"Wait til next time baby girl." You whisper in my ear.