Calico and the Home Care Doctor
She was named Callie when she was born, but as her baby blonde hair grew out and was replaced by tri-color blonde, brunette, and red, her grandfather took to calling her Calico, and it stuck. Now, at 26, Calico kept her namesake hair cropped short in the back and around her ears, but long and full, on top.
+ - + - + - + - + -
Calico came home from a friend's pool party. A mixture of women and men, all in their 20s, Calico discovered her libido was in overdrive, wanting to fuck every young, healthy body that stopped to talk with her. When her friend's mother got out the pool, wearing a thin white swimsuit that did nothing to hide her large dark nipples and thick patch of pubic hair, Calico decided it was time to leave before she solidified everyone's opinion that she was a slut.
Calico had to admit it was true: she would have fucked any one of them, including the voluptuous mom, but preferred to perform her debauchery in private and only later selling the videos to any who would pay her price.
And so, she found herself walking through her front door, a bundle of sexual energy, wound tightly and ready to fuck anything with the slightest provocation.
Searching the house for her elderly Granny-Aunt, Calico walked into the master bedroom.
Granny-Aunt was laying on her bed, wearing only a loose robe, with her bare feet propped up on several pillows. Calico could see the back of a man, sitting at the foot of her bed, leaning between Granny-Aunt's legs. His hands were sliding forward and back rhythmically.
Calico squeezed her clit between her thighs. This was the provocation she needed.
"Well, Granny-Aunt, it's nice to know that one of us is being seen to."
Neither of them reacted with surprise or shame or, in fact, in any way that Calico would expect people who had been caughtin flagrante delecto.
"Hello, dear," Granny-Aunt said casually. "This is Alex, my new home care doctor. Alex, meet my grand-niece, Calico."
When Alex sat up and turned toward Calico, she saw past him, between Granny-Aunt's legs, to her ancient cunny, spread wide for his attention.
"Hello Calico," his voice caressed her like a velvet whip; soft but demanding attention.
Alex seemed to be in his 40s, with dark hair, tanned skin, and a square jaw. His eyes shone with intelligence and knowledge. His smile promised delightful wickedness. Or perhaps that was her neglected clitoris doing the thinking.
Calico walked toward him, extending her hand. "Hi," she managed to not rub her pussy as she noticed his broad shoulders under the white smock of his profession.
"Hello. I'd shake hands, but..."
He held up his hands, wearing blue latex gloves that were slick with lubricant.
Calico's knees gave way, and she grabbed the corner of the vanity.
Alex stood quickly, slipping his arms under hers, holding her without touching her. The blood was just returning to her head, when she caught the whiff of fresh pussy from his gloves.
"I need to sit down."
Alex led her to sit on the edge of the bed.
"Doesn't Alex have great hands?" Granny-Aunt smirked, fully aware of what just transpired.
Alex sat back between the old woman's feet and spread the lips of her pussy, turning on a pocket penlight to examine her depths.
Calico drifted to a fantasy in which the handsome doctor was examining her depths with his tongue.
"I don't know why you're checking down there, anyway." Granny-Aunt complained. "None of that has worked since my husband passed away."
"I don't think that's completely true," the doctor said, turning off the light.
"Now, my grand-niece, Calico, she's the whore in the family."
Pulled from the erotic fantasy, Calico suddenly felt defensive. "Not a whore, Granny-Aunt. I'm a slut."
"You get money for sex. I call that a whore!"
Alex turned to her, genuinely interested. "You're a sex worker?"
"I video myself having sex, then sell the videos online."
"You must be very good," Alex let his eyes drift over her petite body appreciatively
Calico shrugged but her smile revealed a hint of pride.
"She's really good!" Granny-Aunt insisted. "She could have you up and howling."
"Really. He removed his gloves, putting them in a plastic bag he kept for that purpose.
"You've watched the videos, Andrea?"
"Ah, it's no big deal. A bit of rub and tickle here and there to keep my blood pumping. But she is a beautiful girl, my Calico."
Alex grinned at her. "Is that right?"
"Look at her little titties. Go ahead, show the handsome doctor your nips."
"I will if you will, Granny-Aunt."
"Nah, he's already seen mine."
"Just a moment ago, in fact." Alex grinned.
"Well, I haven't seen them in a long time." Calico pulled off her tank top. "Here's mine, you horny old bat." Calico pushed her tiny nipples into Granny-Aunt's face. "Suck them. You know you want to. Watching me fuck those men and suck the women. You want your turn."
"I think I'm done here," the doctor began putting his equipment away.
"You're not done," Calico insisted with an edge of panic that he might leave before she'd sucked his dick. She pulled Granny-Aunt's robe open, flashing her large, sagging breasts. "You may have touched them and pushed them and listened to them, but have you tasted them?" Calico leaned down, kissing Granny-Aunt's heavy tits, suckling like a baby. The old woman's fingers crept up her grand-niece's nearly-flat chest, teasing the sensitive nipples.
Alex was trying to hide the tent growing in his pants. "Calico, I'm legally forbidden from taking sexual advantage of a patient."
"I'm not a patient," Calico proclaimed, dropping her pants and climbing on top of Granny-Aunt, displaying her perfect pubes for the doctor.
Granny-Aunt tried to catch her breath. "The whore is right about that."
Calico decided the time for her usual "subtly" was over. "I'm a healthy, horny young woman who wants to see that big dick you're trying to hide."
"Yes. I admit to being curious about that myself," Granny-Aunt's wrinkled fingers had found Calico's pussy, spreading the lips and massaging the clit as much for Alex's enjoyment as Calico's. "Don't you want to fuck this luscious piece of ass?"
"Oh Granny-Aunt," Calico sighed as she shifted her body, kissing and licking the long-neglected pussy. "I've wanted to do this forever."
"Of course you have, dear. It's what I've wanted as well." She pushed two fingers into Calico's cunt. "Now, doctor, drop your drawers and show two horny women what you're packing."
Amazed by the display before him, he stared at the two pussies: one young and tight and fresh, the other warm and loose and experienced. It was all he could do to not cream his trousers.
He quickly undid his pants, removing them along with his underwear. "Oh, my dear Lord, Calico. Would you look at that?"
With his pants off, Calico could see the dark curls leading down his flat abs to pool around a near-perfect cock. Still only half hard at about five inches, Alex was uncut with a large pair of balls. Her abdomen quivered and the small orgasm coated Granny-Aunt's fingers. The old woman rubbed the cum across her shriveled nipples, bringing them to life, before extending the fingers toward the doctor. "Bring that over here."
Alex took off his smock and shirt as he walked gracefully to the woman whose pussy he had just been admiring, in a professional capacity, of course. Calico stared as the perfect cock floated past her toward Granny-Aunt's outstretched hand. She kissed the old woman's labia once more before crawling off her, padding around the bed in her bare feet.
Granny-Aunt cradled Alex's dick in her thin but strong fingers. She squeezed it, producing a drop of pre-cum at the slit. "Aren't you adorable," she whispered as she licked the tip clean.
Alex reached between her legs, finding her damp from Calico's tongue. He tickled her thin white pubes then slid his palm over the clitoral hood.
Calico watched, rubbing her clit. When Alex leaned down to kiss Granny-Aunt, the muscles of his butt clenched, then opened as he bent lower to lift and suck the drooping tits, revealing his tight sphincter. Calico whimpered.
Alex turned his head to see the petite woman crouched only a few feet away, her fingers a blur on her clit and pussy. He felt the old woman's hand tighten on his cock.
"Isn't she something?" Granny-Aunt commented almost casually. "Come here, Calico. Taste this man's yummy pre-cum."
Fascinated, she could only crawl until the cock, now the perfect seven inches, was long and firm at her face. Granny-Aunt stroked and squeezed it, stretching the foreskin along the head. More pre-cum oozed into view. Calico sat on her shins, extending her tongue to lick the sweet-salty liquid. She inhaled the masculine musk of this strong man. The fragrance slammed into the back of her mind, ricocheting off her tits and landing at her clit. "You smell like my father."
Alex paused. "Is that how this kink goes?"
Andrea chuckled again, "Her father was an OBGYN as well. Always smelled of antiseptic and pussy, but he knew his way around a clit, let me tell you."
Granny-Aunt glanced at Calico and saw it in her eyes. That intense lust, she had seen so often in the videos. "Suck him, Calico," Granny-Aunt said, running her thumb along the glans. "Now. This minute."
Without thought, Calico shoved her mouth over the long, thick cock. After some experience with several large dicks in her pussy, she had come to think of seven inches as perfect. Not so big that it hurt, but large enough to hit all her sweet spots. Alex's cock fit her mouth exactly. She hummed in delight as her tongue played along its length and her soft palate clicked against the head. Tickling his balls with her fingertips, Calico longed to taste his cum. His fingers spread wide through the short hair at the back of her head, guiding without forcing. Just as she liked it. Now, if only he enjoyed eating pussy...
"Calico," his words were quiet and firm, directly into her ear. "Let's get on the bed. I want to sixty-nine. I need to taste you as you cum."
She cried out as he read her mind. Hot liquid dripped from her pussy in anticipation of enjoying this man. Calico climbed onto the bed, lying next to Granny-Aunt, who took her hand and placed it on her withered boob. "The cameras are running," she whispered. "Have fun."
Calico's eyes got wide as Alex climbed on top of her, his nice cock hanging above her face. She felt his lips kissing her labia, then his tongue tracing her flesh.
When she raised her head to lick his shaft, he lowered his hips, letting her suck him deep into her throat.
His tongue found her clit. "Ah, yes, Alex!" He licked and sucked her with skill and precision, but best of all, with passion. His fingers dove into her pussy, touching everywhere, coaxing her hot juice onto his tongue.
"I love your cunt, Calico. Hmm," he mumbled as he returned to licking and kissing and sucking her.
"God yes. My clit, Granny-Aunt. He's eating my clit! So good."
"I know, Calico. I can smell you." She moved Calico's hand from her breast to her thinning patch of gray pubes. "Touch an old lady, Calico. Let me cum with you both. OH DEAR!"
At her urging, Alex had shifted his weight for a moment, surprising Granny-Aunt by sucking her clit. With his fingers still pounding Calico's cunt, he lowered his face to lick the wrinkled lips guarding the old woman's pussy.
Alex had treated thousands of women, many of them elderly. While he entertained the usual fantasies about his younger, more traditionally attractive patients, he had never seen a woman of Andrea's age as being playful, being sexual, being desirable. But at that moment, with Calico sucking his dick like the pro she was, and her outspoken, overheated granny begging him to suck her, he was beside himself with lust!
"Aw, fuck, now Calico, your doctor is eating my withered cunt!"
Calico chuckled as she took her mouth off Alex's dick. "I knew he wanted to! Go for it, Granny-Aunt. We won't tell anyone. Fuck his face while I suck his big ol' cock!"
Calico was devouring his dick as it pumped her face. She buried her nose in his thick pubic hair, once again becoming intoxicated by his scent, wanting to bottle it to savor for the rest of her life.
Calico felt his cock grow larger in her mouth. She sucked hard as he pumped her face with his hips and fucked her cunt with his fingers. With both hands gripping his ass, she drooled at the thought of tasting his cum.
"Oh doctor oh doctor oh doctor," Granny-Aunt was shouting as her hips bucked into Alex's face. Shoving his wet tongue deep into her cunt, he felt her body tighten and her vagina quiver and contract as the orgasm hit her. He slowed, lightly licking the small amount of cum that drizzled over his lips. "Thank you, doctor," Andrea moaned as her body relaxed.
He felt a finger tap on his asshole. "Um, doctor?" Calico said playfully, "if you still want to tastemycum, you better get back over here."
Alex quickly kissed Andrea's clit before shifting back over Calico's gaping cunt. He'd been fingering her for several minutes and eagerly began to lick her again. "FUCK YES," she shouted as he sucked her clit against his tongue.
Calico's arms flailed as they searched for something to grab onto. One hand found Granny-Aunt's fingers, damp from diddling herself. She squeezed the hand, screaming, "FUCK ME ALEX!" was all she managed before her chest tightened and her words became gibberish.
She felt his tongue delving into her quivering cunt, licking mouthful after mouthful of her cum. Each time he touched her, she jerked and the orgasm continued.
Alex was aroused and amused as Calico kept cumming. He touched her here, and she came again. A lick there, more cum. He loved her flavor and her smell. He wondered if she would enjoy having her asshole played with, but it was a bit late to ask, this being their first time. Hmm. More cum.
Realizing he was still hard in her mouth, Calico pushed him off her, before demanding, "Fuck me, Doctor Daddy. Show me how perfect your cock really is."
Not certain if he was up for such a challenge, Alex already knew this young woman was special and he would do whatever she requested.
His face covered in her cum, he turned his body to match hers (which it did quite well) and kissed her.
Calico grabbed his head with both hands, sucking his tongue into her mouth, delighting in every trace of her cum on him. She kissed his cheek, licking his face. "God, Alex. I love tasting my cum on your skin. I can't wait to suck it off your cock. Now fuck me, Daddy."
Her hand was on his cock, guiding it between her legs. As soon as he felt the head pressing between her lips, he pushed in. She opened and welcomed him easily. As he slid in slowly, Alex arched forward just enough so the full length of his cock dragged against her clit.
This was new. Calico shuddered at the friction, rocking her hips back to increase the pressure of her clit along his cock. Why had no partner taken the trouble, or cared enough about her orgasm, to do this for her before. Maybe it's something they teach at medical school, she chuckled to herself as he pulled out, again, stimulating her clit all the way. Calico moaned, her hands wrapping around his back and gripping his shoulder blades.
When Alex pushed back in, faster this time, Calico groaned aloud, "My clit. God, how did you know?"
"It's what we old folks call experience" Granny-Aunt answered, laying on her side with her head propped on her elbow, enjoying the show. Her robe was open, displaying her low-swaying tits, soft belly, and slowly rocking hips where her fingers caressed her pussy.
"It's what I call passion," Alex's deep, soft voice in her ear again. He pushed in again and then back. "It's what happens when I make love to a beautiful woman whose vagina matches my cock exactly." He rocked further forward, crushing her clit as he bent his body in half to kiss her tiny nipples.
Thrilled that he had also noticed, Calico cried out, "Suck my tits and I'm going to cum!"
"So soon?" he absolutely crooned. "It's nice to know where your buttons are. I hope to keep pushing them for a long time," he kissed the other nipple, then sucked it gently.
Calico was distracted from her tits by the realization that he was deep inside her. The tip of his cock bumped her cervix, the curve and girth of his shaft filling her and pushing along her back side, the thick head massaging all her "spots" from A to G. Calico shouted again as her fingernails dug into his back.
"But, speaking of specific things I like to do for a woman, how do you feel about..." he hesitated at the sometimes-awkward question.
"Ass play?" Calico supplied.
"Yes."
"I love it! Finger my asshole at the right time and I will cum so hard our future children won't need swimming lessons."
She humped up onto his cock faster, her words coming in short gasps, "Lick my dirty hole as foreplay and I'll be your slave."
She moved her hands from his back to grab and spread his ass cheeks. "Fuck me in the ass with that perfect cock of yours," her voice was getting louder and more shrill, "firing your hot cum into my dark shithole," she kissed him hard, sucking his tongue." And I will love you forever! FUCK! YES!"
Alex had chosen that moment to invade her ass with his index finger. She was aware of her mind leaving this plane of existence, abandoning her to his cock in her cunt and his finger in her ass. TWO FINGERS. She humped him mercilessly.
"GOD, Alex I'm going to cum."
"Fuck my ass, Calico," No longer smooth as velvet, his voice was insistent, masculine, commanding. "Shove your fingers up my butt. Be my Dirty Girl, Calico. Be my butt lover."
Calico felt Granny-Aunt sit up behind them, her robe now gone. The old woman grabbed Calico's hand off Alex's butt. She sucked all four fingers in her surprisingly wet mouth. Calico watched in lust-filled amazement as Granny-Aunt leaned down, her tits drooping and swinging, and planted her mouth on Alex's anus.
"YES Calico! Your tongue in my ass! Wait," Realizing he was kissing Calico, Alex jerked his head around to see his patient licking deep into his asshole. "Oh, Andrea, you nasty old slut." As he and Calico watched, Granny-Aunt shaped Calico's wet fingers into a wedge, pressing the tips to his quivering sphincter.
She caught his eyes. "Yes, Doctor?"
"Oh yes, Andrea. Please yes."
Calico thrust herself onto his fingers and cock, just as Granny-Aunt plowed her gran-niece's fist into his burning ring.
The two of them screamed together. Her cum mixed with his in her pussy, before squirting out around his pumping cock. His strong ass muscles, crushed her fingers. They both kept cumming.
Too soon, they relaxed. The intensity drifted away, leaving only the smoldering passion and new-born affection for each other.
Granny-Aunt stood up, bending over to get her robe off the floor. Alex and Calico admired her pussy lips, still dripping as the peak from under her ass.
"It's all dead down there, is it Andrea?"
"It's a medical miracle, Doctor. Now, if you two will excuse me, I suspect you have a lot to talk about. I'm going to find a place to masturbate in peace."
Without putting her robe on, she waddled out and closed the bedroom door.
Calico took a deep breath. "May I tell you a secret? Something I should have mentioned before we started?"
"You're a lesbian? A man? An alien?"
"Besides all that."
"The cameras?" Alex pointed to the two small cameras mounted on the dresser and over the door of the en suite bathroom. "I think I managed to keep my best side forward." He wiggled his tightly muscled ass.
"May I use them on the web site?"
"I'm flattered, Calico, but we'll need to edit the to keep my face out of frame. Professional ethics and all that."
"None of which you were worried about when your patient was fingering your asshole."
"That was intense."
Calico sighed. It truly was that. There was one other subject she found more difficult to broach than the cameras. "Alex,"
"Yes, lover."
She kissed him lightly on the mouth. "Can we do this again? I know I'm a slut and love to fuck many different people and some men might have diff..."
"Again and again and again until our bones are too brittle to risk contact."
Calico pulled him into deep kiss full of passion and promise.
"And," he continued, "maybe even coffee, or dinner and a movie, like normal people do when they're falling in love?"
She jumped off the bed, her flat tits jiggling as she grabbed his hand. "First, we need to watch all my videos.Allof them."
He stood up, taking her hand. "All of them?" Once again, she admired his cock, exactly perfect for her.
"Yep." She led him from the room and toward her bedroom, barely noticing Granny-Aunt sitting on the back patio, fingering her cunt as she looked out at her garden. "So you know what type of sex-crazed whore you're getting hooked up with."
"If you say so."
"I do, Daddy."