I stared at the blank hotel room door as I stood in the corridor waiting to make my grand entrance. I checked my appearance one last time, adjusting my tight short black mini skirt, ensuring my tits looked fantastic, almost spilling out of the shiny black tight corset top.
My nipples were erect and pushing at the cups of the corset as I squeezed my thigh length booted legs together.
The door opened slowly as Simon stood in the frame smiling. He was wearing his shirt unbuttoned and nothing else. His impressive cock was semi erect when he answered but instantly it became rock hard when he saw my outfit. I looked down at his cock, licking my lips with lust at his very impressive length. His cock must have at least nine inches long with quite a wide girth. My mind recognised that my pussy would be getting stretched by Simon's forceful cock. I reached out and stroked the length slowly, feeling his shaft pulse excitedly. He pulled me inside the room as the door sprung closed. His lips grazed mine as our tongues began the dance of the mating snakes. I dropped my bag on the floor and placed my hands inside his shirt, feeling his hairless athletic body. His body was firm and solid, much like his cock, as I removed his shirt.
The drapes in his room were wide open as we made our way over to the floor to ceiling window. Simon rolled my tight mini skirt up around my waist, revealing my shaved pussy and bare ass. His cock pressed against my smooth shaved slit and twitched, exciting me immensely. I kissed his neck and looked outside the window to find my husband sitting watching Simon and I from the room opposite! I almost came on the spot realising Steve could watch but that Simon was unaware. I instantly became more of a slut than I envisaged.
"Bring over that chair and sit on it" I purred "I'll straddle you and our first fuck will be in the window!"
Simon smiled bringing the chair over to the window. I turned the chair so that Simons back would be facing the window. Simon sat on the chair stroking his huge cock, looking up at me and smiling. I scooped my large breasts out of the cups of the corset and straddled Simons powerful thighs. The inside high of my boots, brushed his legs as I lowered myself slowly. I could feel my pussylips opening as my cunt closer to the tip of Simons cock.
His cock was now nuzzling my wet opening as I rotated my hips, lowering my pussy onto his strong huge shaft. His cock was wider than I expected and began to stretch my married pussy beautifully. I began to moan sexually as his cock slid inside me, stretching me more than I'd ever been stretched before. The tingling pre-orgasmic sensations were something I knew I needed to repeat and that this would not be the only time I fuck this cock. I settled on to Simons cock taking the full length, feeling a sensational of fullness I'd never experienced before. I looked over at Steve, who had picked up the camera and was obviously zoomed in and filming my introduction to the pleasures of extra marital cock.
I began to ride Simons cock lavishly, rotating my hips and grinding my tight wet pussy on the spectacular cock. His cock was so big in both length and girth, my pussy felt airtight and that our sexual organs were joined in unison.
It felt wonderful to have different cock inside me. I loved my husband and he pack a fair length, but this was different. Not only was it much bigger than my husbands, it was new and somewhat taboo. My husband was looking on as I rode and fucked my stallion, my heart beating wildly, enjoying my first taste of unfaithful slut sex. Simon was enraptured at just how good his slut fuck had turned out to be!
He was cupping my breasts and nibbling on my erect nipples. My pussy was grinding slowly on his throbbing cock. His cock was so tight inside my pussy, I could feel the ridges of his veined cock, as I slid up and down the length. I kissed him, gently chewing his bottom lip and flicking my tongue inside his mouth. I knew he was going to come any minute now. I looked him dead in the eye and whispered.
"Come on the window and I will lick it off the glass!" I smiled, still panting breathlessly at the pleasure his cock was providing.
The sentence had proved too much as he indicated I should get off his cock. I placed the sole of my left boot on the floor and climbed off his beautiful cock. He dashed impatiently off the chair holding his huge cock tightly. He pointed his cock at the window and began stroking it furiously. His teeth clenched and his eyes closed he emptied his cum all over the lower half of the large window. His spunk had smeared the window and was showing the colours of the prism as the sun glinted off his spent orgasm
I leant over and began to lick up his cum from the glass window. Simon was mesmerised watching me act like no other slut he had ever encountered. I continued licking up the cum with a smirk, as I glanced over at hubby.
He was looking over in a state of shock at his loving wife doing things a ten dollar whore wouldn't do!
He continued taking photographs and videos of my long range antics.
Even though Simon had just orgasmed, his cock remained rock hard, largely due to my wickedly slut antics.
I licked the last strand of cum off the window, ensuring every single drop had been swallowed. Standing up with the tight mini skirt around my waist, like a wide black belt, my thigh length booted long legs slightly parted, showing my shaved pussy.
I placed the heel of my left boot against the window, like a Parisienne whore would on a lamppost. My breasts were totally exposed spilling out of the cups of the black corset.
I looked at Simon, my eyes smouldering with pure lust. My lips were fuller and swollen due to my floorshow and his spicy hot spunk. I held my exposed breasts in both hands, lifting my nipples to my lips and flicking my tongue over there to flesh.
"Would you like to tie me to the bed and fuck all of my holes?" I purred, squirming sexily as I spoke "There are lengths of white silk rope in my bag you could use on me!"
Simon stared at me wide eyed, his mouth gaping in disbelief. A wicked grin spread across his face as he walked over to me.
He placed his right hand beneath my chin and lifted my head up at angle. His lips brushed mine as his tongue extended. He began to lick my full lips, enjoying the taste of his own orgasm.
"Amanda I've never met such a cock hungry slut in my life! No wonder you fuck other men! Your poor husband would never be able to keep up!" Simon smiled, his fingertips delicately gliding over my smooth mound.
Little did he know that he was the first cock, other than my husbands, to be inside me in all the years of my marriage, but I wasn't going to spoil the slut persona he had created in his mind.
"Give me the rope and we'll fulfil your kinky slut requirements!" Simon smiled, gently pulling my hair.
My stomach was flipping with excitement, butterflies of arousal fluttering inside my stomach and it felt like a swarm of them had migrated to my pussy.
I walked over to my bag and retrieved the four lengths of white rope. I stood in front of the huge window and handed the four lengths to Simon, ensuring my husband saw everything.
Simon took one of the ropes, finding the midpoint he threaded the rope through the steel ring on my collar. I smiled a very naughty smile as he took the rope securing it into my collar. He gave a gentle yank on the rope and snarled quietly.
"Get on your knees slut!"
I was a little shocked at the change in attitude but hugely aroused at the same time. I knelt at his feet as requested, looking up at him and smiling sexily.
"Place your hands behind your back!" He whispered but the intention was stern.
Again I willingly obeyed placing both hands behind my back. Simon leant over me and began to thread the rope through the steel rings on my cuff restraints. My pussy was tingling frantically now, a warm bubbly feeling fizzing inside my hungry pussy.
Looking over at my husband, I could see he had pulled up a chair and dimmed all of the room lights. He was a sinister voyeuristic shadow in the distance, watching his wife enter the slut life and willingly offer herself to be abused in a kinky sex game with a total stranger.
Simon stood over me, his huge erect cock pointing at my lips.
"Suck my cock the whore!" Simon snarled, playing his role to perfection.
I moved my head forward as my mouth opened and his cock rested on my bottom lip. I began to lick his cock, worshipping his magnificent specimen, slowly shrouding my mouth over the bulbous head then sliding my mouth along the hug hard shaft. I rotated my head slowly, sucking and slobbering on Simons massive manhood. My head was slowly bobbing on the length, groans of pleasure emanating from both of us.
"Suck my cock slut!" Simon said through gritted teeth as he received the greatest blowjob I had ever given!
Simon pulled sharply on the rope attached to my collar, forcing his cock to the back of my throat. I gagged as his cock pushed deeper, forcing me to swallow, as his cock went beyond my comfort zone. The pleasure Simon was receiving from the vacuum effect was sensational. I was quite proud of myself performing my first deep throat as I felt the familiar twitch of orgasm surging up the pipe of Simons cock. I never flinched as a heavy load of hot spicy spunk poured down my opened throat. I was devouring his second load of of the day, as he panted frantically.
"Take my spunk you cheating slut!" He snarled as he s cock emptied straight into my throat. Every drop was swallowed as Simons cock began to deflate. His face was scarlet from the world class blowjob he had just received. I like led at him and realised he was going to need time to recuperate.
"Shall I pop back later?" I smiled "let you get your breath back and get those balls refilled!"
Simon smiled.
"What about your husband?"
I looked at Simon and smiled seductively.
"He's been watching us from the room opposite since I walked in here!" I smirked "He's been watching his slut wife get fucked, tied up and swallow two loads of hot cum! I'm sure he'll be ok if I pop back later! Unless you want to pop around to our room?" I quizzed.
Simon untied the ropes, placing them back in to my bag. We swapped cell phone numbers and I left his room to do my reception walk of shame. I was buzzing sexually and still needed cock. Hopefully Steve won't have jerked off and will have a nice load of his own waiting for me on my return!
The elevator door opened and an incredibly hot guy stood to one side to let me in.
"Have you been visiting a client?" He smiled assuming I was a hooker dressed as I was.
Rather than offend me, this aroused me tremendously and I decided to play along.
"Yeah I've just left him but he wasn't much in the sex department and now he's left me horny and hungry for cock!" I smiled playing the whore role.
"Shall we go to my room and see if we can rectify that?" He questioned.
I placed my hand on his cock and kissed his lips softly.
"I think that would be a splendid Idea!" I purred then blew gently into his ear "You can do anything you want to me!" Then squeezed his impressive cock.
My body was one big erogenous zone, my arousal was so high. I was going to another hot guys room, but this time I wasn't just a slut wife, I was a fully fledged hooker!
The elevator opened on the ground floor and he pressed the button for his level. Once again the manager was outside the elevator staring at me dressed in all of my slut outfit, but this time he got in the car. As the elevator ascended to the fifteenth floor, the manager stood directly in front of the doors whilst I played with my clients trouser covered erection, behind the managers back. The elevator arrived at the fifteenth floor and the doors opened. The manager stood to one side and allowed us to vacate the elevator. His face was flushed with arousal as he watched me sway down the corridor following my client.
The manager was quite hot also, so I made a mental note to strike up a conversation with him. In my new slut wife it could prove handy having a hotel manager as a personal friend.
My client turned to me and whispered.
"How much do you charge?"
I looked at him, my eyes smouldering with lust and whispered.
"If you can make me cum it's on the house!" I smiled, my eyes half closed in an orgasmic sultry pose.
"I'll do my best!" He smiled "But I can't have you being out of pocket!"
I looked at him, still stroking his cock through his trousers and rattled off my price list.
"A straight fuck is one hundred, if you want anal it's one fifty and if you want to tie me up and do everything it's a straight two hundred!" I smiled moving closer to breath gently in his ear.
"I think I'll have everything, but I want you to keep those boots on!" He grinned, pleased with himself "Can I take photos of you?" He questioned.
"For an additional fifty you can take photos and videos if you want!" I giggled, licking his ear slowly.
He moaned sexily as he took the door key from his pocket and swiped the electronic lock. The door opened and I noticed the door number was 1561!
The room was directly above Simon's and would be directly opposite our room.
"I'll just nip to the powder room and freshen up!" I smiled "You get naked and we'll get down and dirty when I come back!"
I walked into his bathroom, my high heels clicking on the marble floor. I took my phone out of my bag and sent Steve a text.
"I'm in the room opposite. I'll make sure the curtains are open. I'll explain everything later!"
I popped the phone into my bag and retrieved the lengths of white rope.
I walked out of the bathroom swinging the white rope. I walked over to the drapes and opened them fully to see the silhouette of Steve sitting in his voyeur chair.
My client was naked on the bed, holding three hundred in his hand. I took the money from his hand and placed it in my bag. I dropped my bag on the floor and said.
"What would sir like first?"
"Lets get the corset and skirt off, then come over here and suck my cock. His cock was almost identical to Simons. He was also around nine inches long with a similar girth, but his veins were much more prominent. His cock looked manly and angry as I removed the corset and rolled the skirt down my thighs. I was standing before him wearing only, Hold up stockings, black thigh length boots, bondage cuffs and collar. I knelt on the bed with my knees wide apart and my ass high in the air so Steve could see my wet slit and asshole.
I smiled at my client as I kissed the tip of his cock then swirled my tongue around the blood engorged helmet. He moaned and sighed as my tongue went to work. I sucked his cock, giving another world class blowjob for around ten minutes, when he tapped my head and said rather hoarsely.
"I want you to sit on top of me and ride my cock!"
I gave his cock one last kiss and moved up the bed to straddle his very impressive cock.
My left leg stretched over his thighs as I positioned my shaved pussy directly over his huge cock. I lost my balance and slid down his shaft easily, taking the full length with no issues at all. His eyes lit up that I took his cock in one go, and his eyebrows raised when he felt how tight and wet my pussy was.
I started riding his cock immediately, holding my tits and squeezing them as I whispered.
"I've been such a naughty unfaithful wife. I've been fucking other men and letting them do anything they want to me!" I said, my moans carrying the words to his ears.
"Your cock is so big it's almost a punishment that I will only get to fuck it today. Punish me with your cock!" I whispered, riding his cock and grinding my pussy on it.
His hands replaced mine as he began to gently squeeze my tits, twisting my nipples delicately, adding to the wonderful sensations his cock was providing to my unfaithful pussy. I placed my hands on hi chest and leant in closer to his face.
"Do you want to fuck my ass?" I panted "Make me cum and use my orgasm as lubricant!"
He thrust his cock upward forcibly, lifting me off the bed as he began to pound my pussy.
My orgasm hit me instantly as I moaned "Fuck me!"
His cock was really driving in to me as I gyrated my hips and rode his cock.
I panted and moaned my way through an intense orgasm, riding slower and slower until my orgasm had receded.
"That was so good I should give you your money back!" I giggled, placing my hand behind my back and stroking his balls gently with my long nails "Do you want to tie me up when you fuck my ass?"
He smiled, shaking his head in the negative and whispered.
"I just want to fuck your ass and come on your boots!" He grinned as he lifted me off his cock.
"Shall I walk through the hotel lobby with your cum on my boots?" I giggled, not fully realising just how exciting and erotic that would be.
"Fuck yeah!" he laughed "You're an unbelievably dirty slut!"
"An unbelievably dirty married slut!" I corrected "Now fuck my unfaithful ass!"
I climbed off his huge cock and bent over, spraying little kisses up and down the shaft of his thick long cock. My pussy juice was glistening on his cock as I knelt on the bed, arched my back and offered my asshole to my client. I looked across at our room, noting Steve was now naked and filming my additional sex show.
I fixed my stare on Steve as I felt my client spit on my asshole, causing me to shudder as he slowly fed his monster cock in my tight asshole. Fuck this felt good. My head tilted back with my mouth open, moaning passionately as inch by inch his huge cock stretched my asshole.
"Fuck my ass!" I panted "Fuck your whores ass!"
My client slammed his length deep inside my asshole and began to drill my asshole.
I'd never came before whilst getting my ass fucked, but this was something very special.
Being assfucked by a huge cock, wearing only stockings and thigh length boots, while my husband filmed the whole event from a distance. I looked over at my husband as I panted orgasmically, loving every painful sensual stroke of the huge cock impaling me.
I was concentrating on my own pleasure when my client withdrew his cock and began to spray a huge amount of creamy white spunk all over my black leather thigh length boots.
He was jerking his cock and growling at the ferocity of his orgasm.
Watching his spunk splatter on my boots made me orgasm at the erotic image, as I stroked my shaved pussy frantically.
My client lay back on the bed, panting and breathing heavily.
"Put your clothes back on and walk through the lobby, doing your hooker slut walk of shame!" he smiled.
I rolled my eyes with lust at the thought of parading through the lobby dressed like a hooker, with fresh cum running down my boots. I stopped a little of his thick spunk from my boots and licked my fingers clean. I giggled watching his reaction as I climbed off the bed and replaced my corset. I pulled the tiny tight mini skirt over my head and wriggled it down to my pussy and ass, positioning it just below my visible shaved slit. I giggled nervously as I leant over to give my client a good bye kiss. He handed me a business card and said.
"Call me"
I looked at the card and said.
"I may just give you a call later this evening if you want to finish what we didn't complete!"
I walked over to my bag picking up the unused white rope and slipped it inside my bag.
I smiled and gave him a cheeky wink then let myself out of his room, heading for the elevator.
As the elevator arrived, the manager was standing inside smiling as I walked in. I said nothing and pulled the manager close to my face and kissed him sexily.
"Give me your business card!" I said "I'll let you fuck me later if we can come to a little private arrangement!"
His face reddened as he reached inside his jacket handing me his business card.
"I'll call you in an hour!" I said as the elevator doors opened.
I got out of the elevator and made my slow deliberate walk cross the lobby to the elevators for my side of the hotel. The lobby was busy with people checking in, with every guy turning his head to watch my slut outfit meander towards the other lifts. I reached the elevators and pressed for the car. It arrived within seconds as I stepped into the lift, blowing a kiss to the guys checking in.
Now it was time to face my husband.