I so enjoyed the party. It was so much fun. Had been a few weeks since and had only chatted with Misti and Amy a few times since. They had not asked or demanded for anything else and with it being a few weeks since was wondering if they would. Just as I was wondering that my messenger buzzed on my computer from them.
It was a demand for another party the next day. They told it was just going to be them two and that did not need to bring anything. They also told me that it would be fun but a little different. I asked how and they would not tell me. So I went to bed wondering. I got up the next morning nervous and excited. So I left and headed their way into Kentucky.
Was a little bit of a drive and I arrived at Amy's house about 10a.m. They both answered the door. Amy hugged kissed me and Misti hugged and kissed me and smacked my ass. We sat and talked for a little while. They kept giggling. I was nervous but ready for whatever. Then Misti said that it was time to get the party started.
They each grabbed my hands and stood me up and led me over to the couch. Amy pulled my shirt off while Misti begin to undo my pants. With my pants and shirt off I was now only in my boxers. Then Amy handcuffed me. Together they then removed my boxers. I was now naked in front of the two of them. They then put a blindfold on me and I could not see anything.
I was laid down onto the couch with my arms up above my head. Amy and Misti both laughed. I heard some things being moved around but had no idea what it was. I then heard them talking and typing. They had apparently moved their computer over and I was now on their webcam for all that was watching to see. I then heard Misti say "Ok ladies we have a naked, handcuffed, blindfolded, man under our complete control. What should we do with him?" I heard them both say that that was a great ideal.
The next thing I knew was that one of their pussies was now on my face and I was told to lick. The other one begin to stroke my cock. I did not know who was over my face or which one was stroking my cock. When my cock got fully hard the stroking stopped and the pussy was removed from my face. I heard laughing and then a buzzing sound. A hand grabbed my cock and pulled it back a little. Then I felt a vibration and realized they had an electric razor and was shaving my bush. Misti mentioned all the ladies love watching this. The buzzing stopped and I felt shaving cream being applied down there. Then with a normal razor they shaved me bare all while keeping my cock hard. They shaved my balls and the entire area down there.
They stopped and washed and dried me off. They told me I was as bare as a little boy. My erection was going down. I then heard Amy say "Yes, that's another great idea." It sounded like they went into the kitchen. They returned and I quickly got cold. They put bags of ice on my cock and balls and told me they wanted to see how tiny it got when it shrunk. They laughed and chatted on the webcam for a bit while I laid there cold and helpless. I do not know how long the ice was on there but their plan worked. My cold cock had shrunk down to a tiny size. As they laughed with their success they made sure the webcam viewers got a good view.
I had no idea what to expect next. Then I heard couple of pops and felt something. They had opened markers and were writing on my cock and balls and all over the area down there. They quit writing as I begin to get hard again. Once again a pussy was on my face. As I begin to lick it I felt another pussy lowered onto my cock. After a few minutes the pussy on my face had an orgasm and at about the same time the pussy riding my cock had one too. I was pretty close to cumming myself when they both got off of me. Then I felt hands on my cock and was told to cum for the webcam. Wasn't long and I did as told and shot cum everywhere including on me.
I was stood up and cleaned off. Then the blindfold was removed. I looked at my bare balls and cock. In black marker on my cock they had wrote things like Amy's cock and Misti's cock. Where my bush it was written that I was property of the Kentucky webcam ladies. Still handcuffed it was time to get dressed. I was told that I would not be wearing my boxers back home and they were keeping them until I came back. Amy slid a pair of satin panties on me and over my cock and Misti put my pants on me and zipped and buttoned them. I was then uncuffed and put on my shirt. I asked how many ladies had been watching on the webcam. They said twelve had been watching. I was unsure about all that had just happened. As I drove home I was thinking about all they had done to me and that twelve other ladies watched it. I started getting hard thinking about it and realized that this was CFNM and I was just controlled by basically 14 women. I wondered when I would be asked back and what in the hell would happen then.