__________________
Author's Note:Plato's Retreat in NYC was the most famous sex club in the country in its heyday. A place where exhibitionists, voyeurs, swingers, nudists, the horny, fetishists, the fill-in-the-blanks, and the just plain curious could meet, play, observe, or otherwise experience a unique fantasy world.
This story is inspired by real experiences at the Club and the subsequent ripple effect a visit had on the sexual inhibitions of a group of friends. However, any relation to actual persons or events is purely coincidental. All involved are over eighteen.
I include some background and descriptions in this first chapter to establish characters, imagery, and context, intending to develop the eroticism and sex naturally. In other words, not a "quick stroker" story. As always, your responses and constructive feedback are welcome.
__________________
Years ago, when I was 19 years old, I spent the summer in NYC while serving an Internship with a small local theater. Due to scant finances and high prices, I sublet and shared a one-bedroom apartment with three women: my girlfriend, Joy, and two mutual friends, Tara and Sadie, who were working at a different theater. Joy was a dancer, taking a summer ballet training course. My relationship with Tara and Sadie was all very proper and platonic--until it wasn't.
Joy was a month shy of 19 years old and was exotically beautiful. She was petite, about 5'3", with a dancer's trim and a perfectly formed figure. Her mix of Asian and Caucasian ancestry resulted in beautiful golden-tan skin, straight jet-black hair, and slightly almond-shaped chocolate-brown eyes. Captivating eyes that twinkled with humor or arousal. Eyes that never failed to draw me into their depth with the suggestion of something just a little more.
We met at a theater where she was dancing in a ballet, and I was an assistant lighting designer. I was instantly enamored by her beauty, grace, athleticism, and, yes, her killer body. A very flexible, strong, and controlled body. We hit it off straight away. Lord knows what she saw in me, that I should be so lucky.
By the summer, Joy and I had been together about six months, long enough to be comfortable using a sleeper sofa in the living room of the apartment with our two friends sharing the single bedroom. Joy wasn't generally self-conscious or modest about her body. Instead, she carried herself confidently, comfortably wearing skimpy bikinis or revealing clothes in appropriate places. But regarding sex or erotic nudity, she seemed to have an ongoing internal battle, with her conservative, "good girl" side usually edging out her adventurous, "bad girl" side.
Before that summer, we had sex at least 4 or 5 times a week. That number dropped dramatically in the apartment, however. The crowded space and the others walking right past our "bed" on the way to the kitchen or bathroom stifled our sexual activities. In our close setting, Joy's cautious side prevailed, so when having sex, Joy always worried that the others would hear us or know what we were doing. As if they didn't already know.
So quiet, discreet, and subtle were the sexual rules for us.
Over the first couple of weeks, the four of us became accustomed to living in close quarters and sharing one bathroom without much discord. We also adapted to the weather. Summers in NYC are hot, and our apartment did not have air conditioning.
So, our shared attitude toward clothing became "less was more" and only worn for modesty's sake. Soon, we became pretty casual and comfortable wearing minimal clothes. Comfortable around each other with little on, but short of seeing each other naked. At least not at first, in the time before Plato's.
It wasn't long before Joy and Sadie started wearing only long t-shirts and panties to and from the bathroom, and a couple of times on particularly hot evenings they would wear that the whole time (in the apartment, that is). Often I could see their nipples vaguely outlined or poking out against the material. I tried my best not to openly stare, but I was probably not very successful at being discreet.
I enjoyed seeing Joy's nipples through her t-shirt almost as much as seeing Sadie's, despite seeing them bare every day. Partly because of the eroticism of seeing something you typically don't, and because I never tired of seeing her sexy body--even if only semi-nude.
Tara was more self-conscious and opted for a silky mid-thigh length kimono-style dressing gown when making bathroom trips or when it was uncomfortably hot. That look was, in some ways, sexier than just a t-shirt. Sexier because much of her legs showed, and the wrap style allowed my mind to easily imagine it gaping or falling open, exposing her hidden treasures. Unfortunately, that never happened, but I never stopped looking and hoping--at least when I could do so unnoticed.
Tara was the youngest of our group, having just turned 18 two weeks before we arrived. She was a bit of an enigma in that she was drop-dead gorgeous--and knew it--but was a virgin with almost no sexual experience.
A statuesque 5'8" tall, with long toned legs that seemed to go on forever, Tara had flawless porcelain skin, full breasts (a "C" cup--I peeked at her bra once), a flat, toned stomach, and a cute perky butt. Her long brown hair, with auburn highlights and a natural wave, created a cascading effect over her shoulders and around her boobs. (I admit that I fantasized about that image, though in my fantasy, the view was unspoiled by clothes.) In addition, she had almost luminescent green eyes.
Tara was easy-going, quick to flirt and smile, but more reserved than the others. And though she would freely join in--or listen to--discussions concerning sex or relationships, she made it clear that she had drawn personal physical lines. She planned to wait until the time was right before doing anything sexual beyond kissing and light petting over the clothes. And sex itself would have to wait until marriage or close to it.
The four of us got along well. We made food, drank wine or cocktails, listened to music, danced, talked, and played games. These included occasional drinking games such as "I never" (say you never did "X," and those whohaddone "X" took a drink).
After the second week, we started taking turns giving each other massages--mainly through our clothes--generally on the feet and backs, sometimes adding the legs. Joy would always want her glutes worked on, no matter who was giving the massage, legitimately claiming her butt would be sore from hours of dance class. She liked to point out that the butt was one of the biggest muscles in the body and needed just as much attention as the back and legs. The rest of us, of course, couldn't argue with her logic. And, of course, we all wanted our butts massaged too.
The massages were not sexual then--rather, they were pleasant experiences with close friends who were comfortable with their bodies and each other. The fact that we were all involved in theater and Joy and I were together as a couple made the close physical contact unthreatening and enjoyable.
All three ladies would usually pull their shirts up high to expose their backs while getting massaged, and I would just take my shirt off. I loved caressing and rubbing their bare skin, running my hands over and kneading their tight muscles, and seeing the slight curve of their breasts from the side as they pressed against the floor while lying on their fronts. (Ok, even though the massages were not sexual, I still peeked. Human + Male = Sex thoughts.) And I also had the delightful pleasure of women's hands caressing my back--smooth, warm, and relaxing.
Sadie was the oldest of us at 24 years old, the most open and casual about her body, and more sexually experienced than any of us. Although slightly taller than Joy, at about 5'4", Sadie was thin, almost bird-like, which made her seem tiny. She had sandy blonde hair and large round blue eyes. Her boobs were small with nipples that had the delightful habit of making their presence known by prominently poking out against her shirt fabric. I often enjoyed that view and imagined how they must look bare. She was always quick to laugh, loved anything "fun," and was free with a joke, comment, or suggestion for things to do.
As for me, everyone calls me Mac, from my last name, MacLeod. I was considered good-looking--not stop on the street and stare handsome--but easy on the eyes and physically fit. I had brown hair, blue eyes, stood 5'11", and had an athletic body back then. I was not bulky but more like a diver or dancer with cut, lean muscles and six-pack abs that I worked hard to maintain. Physically I mainly focused on individual or paired sports like skiing, swimming, Tae Kwon Do, dancing, biking, and some tennis.
One hot evening we were sitting around having cold drinks and chatting. I mentioned a conversation I had with a local friend earlier that day. My friend had pointed out a black and white awning a few blocks from the apartment and told me that it was the entrance to the sex club, "Plato's Retreat." I recognized the name and knew of the Club from--I kid you not--an article I had read inPsychology Todaymagazine.
Sadie instantly perked up and asked, "What do you mean a 'sex club'?"
I explained what I could. "From what I've read, Plato's Retreat is a swingers club for couples and single women. People go nude if they want and have sex in front of others, out in the open, or privately. Guest can stay with their partners, swap partners, or just watch or show off their nude bodies and not do anything sexual."
All three women sat and looked at me as if I'd grown a second head, puzzled and intrigued by the concept.
I continued. "I had no idea it was so close or where it was; I didn't remember it even existed until it was pointed out to me today." I saw fascination and curiosity on every face as I waited for them to process this information and respond.
Sadie asked, "So, it's open to the public, and anyone can just go there? Seems like that would be a magnet for pervy drunk guys drooling over not very many women."
"I'm not sure how it works or who's allowed in," I said. "But I know single men aren't allowed, and no alcohol is permitted inside."
Sounding relieved, Sadie said, "Well, that makes more sense. At least that would keep the numbers more balanced. Minimize the creeps and degenerates." She looked at me. "But do you think they're real couples or guys with prostitutes? I've never heard of a place like that."
I shrugged my shoulders and gave a slight shake of my head. "I don't know. But I guess it's really famous and popular--the 'Studio 54' of sex clubs."
Sadie glanced up with her eyes as if imagining something. "Huh. Wild."
We left it at that, and I didn't give the conversation further thought until about a week later--when the seeds of our summer sexual adventures were sown. I was lounging in the apartment late one afternoon when the three women came in with shopping bags, giggling, excited, and practically clambering over each other in their enthusiasm.
I watched them, baffled and amused. "Ok, what have you guys been up to? You all look like cats that swallowed canaries."
Joy stepped forward and asked, "Guess where we just were? And what I have in this bag."
Looking at her unmarked shopping bag, I laughed. "I have no clue--and you are all so strange." Then, pretending to ponder, "Ok, um, you bought... bagels?"
They sighed and shook their heads in pity, telegraphing that it was a rhetorical question I wasn't supposed to answer.
Giving the "correct" response, I replied, "Um, ok, I give up. Where have you been, and what's in the bag?"
The three stood in front of me, giggling and smiling. Joy reached into her bag and slowly pulled out a black t-shirt. As she lifted it out, I was astonished. The t-shirt sported a large logo stamped in white with the name "Plato's Retreat." They all burst into laughter, and Sadie also pulled one out of her bag.
Dumbfounded, I stammered, "What the... what, how? Where did you get these?"
"At Plato's Retreat," all three said, talking over each other, laughing harder.
"You should see the look on your face," Sadie said, tears running down her face from laughing.
Unable to lose my bewildered expression, I waited impatiently for their mirth to subside somewhat, looking from one to the other. Finally, I asked, "Ok, what the fuck--how... you really went to Plato's Retreat? And... t-shirts?"
Joy finally explained. "We thought it would be funny to get t-shirts or something from Plato's Retreat as presents for my and Tara's brothers and Sadie's cousin, so we went there. All of us together." Then they all started talking at once.
Tara interjected, "And they gave us a tour of the place, showed us all around--"
"We told them we were only there for t-shirts," Joy continued.
"They asked if we wanted to look around," Sadie interrupted.
I looked back and forth, smiling, as the three stumbled through their story, interrupting and talking over each other, but I got the gist of things.
Finally, I held up my hand. "Ok, ok, so you went there, asked to buy t-shirts, and they offered and gave you a tour. And you actually got to look around inside the Club, take the tour?" Three smug faces nodded in unison. "Holy shit! So, any people there, like customers? What was it like? Was anyone nude? What did you see?"
They eventually managed to clarify things. Yes, they did get a tour, despite stressing they only wanted to buy t-shirts and were not there as potential guests. Only a few people were around, but no one was nude or having sex. The guy at Plato's explained that it was early on a weekday, and the crowds showed up much later. And it was much more crowded on weekends.
Notably, they all agreed that the Club was clean and reasonably classy. It had a pool, hot tubs, juice bars, private rooms, locker room, public and private lounge areas, and a fireplace in a side area with pillows. Not at all what they expected.
I don't recall who first said it, but all of my senses went on high alert when someone said it might be fun to go back for real sometime. To use the pool and everything--see what it was like when more people were there.
"Huh," I grunted. "Well, sounds like it's pretty nice; I hear lots of famous people go there. Did you happen to notice how much it costs or what the entry rules are?" They all shook their heads "no."
Then, with their story shared, they switched gears, chatted a bit about other mundane things, and drifted off into the bedroom to chat and drop off their shopping. I sat and mentally replayed their description, feeling a little left out that I missed something so intriguing and fun. But more so, I was a little turned on by the image of these three beautiful young women walking through a sex club--and the notion of maybe actually going there.
Over the next several days, the topic would come up now and then. Someone would say something about Plato's, and we speculated about what it would be like to go there. We gradually went from the abstract to contemplating actually checking it out. Finally, I graciously volunteered to gather information "just to see," and I found myself at the front entrance the next day.
I recollect that you had to buy a membership for a set time--a year, I think--plus pay a fee each time you went. I might be wrong on these details, but whatever the specifics, it was expensive, at least to us at the time. Especially the first visit, where you had to pay both the membership and entrance fees. The Club's rules didn't seem onerous. Only couples or single women could enter, no alcohol or drugs were permitted, and no male/male sexual activity was allowed. The rules didn't address Sapphic interactions.
No one offered to give me a tour.
The following evening after dinner and wine, slightly buzzed and bantering, we talked seriously about going. Tara said she wouldn't join us but had no problem with it if we wanted to go--as long as we promised to tell her all the details. Joy, Sadie, and I considered the pros and cons and gradually got excited about the prospect. In a way, we simply talked ourselves into it, each of us having subconsciously decided we wanted to go for it.
Joy's observation that we didn't have to do anything we didn't want to do while there tipped the scales in favor of going. We could just wander and watch, check it out, and see what it was like. We could always leave if it wasn't fun. We looked around with slight grins and mischievous glints in our eyes, then broke into big smiles as we unanimously nodded our agreement.
The following Saturday, Joy, Sadie, and I embarked on our "investigation" of the Club, our excited and nervous energy tempered--or perhaps fueled--by a glass or two of liquid courage. With Tara sending us off with, "have fun, and I want to hear all about it," we headed to Plato's Retreat. We paid and entered.
An attendant gave us towels and locker keys, showed us where the locker room was, and told us that we were free to wear as much or little clothing as we felt comfortable wearing. We decided to look around first while still dressed, feeling nervous and somewhat awkward now that we were finally there.
We walked out into the main common area. We saw men and women everywhere, getting juice, lounging, and wandering. Some were kissing and fondling--all were only wearing or carrying towels. No one else had street clothes on.
We stood, taking in the scene. In under a minute, Joy voiced the thought we were all sharing: "I feel weird being the only ones dressed here. Let's go get changed."
Readily agreeing, muttering cliches like "when in Rome..." we hurried back into the locker room. 'Room' in the singular--one room, no separate areas for males and females. We selected lockers and started pulling off our clothes. Joy and I, of course, had seen each other nude, but Sadie and I never had. I wondered if she would feel shy or nervous, undressing in front of me. I was somewhat apprehensive, so I tried to pace my disrobing to match hers.
Evidently, I was the only one feeling any qualms about getting naked. Sadie promptly stripped off every stitch of clothing as casually and unabashedly as if I weren't there. She was nude even quicker than Joy, who was seconds behind, leaving me lagging in my undressing. Sadie then stood facing me, not attempting to cover anything, and waited for me to finish undressing and lock up my things.
I regarded Sadie as we registered our mutual nudity. Soaking in the sight of her unclad petite body for the first time, she was, in a word, adorable. Even cuter naked than dressed, her slightly curved and toned figure was in perfect proportion. Her small breasts drooped slightly, with pink areolae clearly defined against her lighter skin. Her nipples tipped up somewhat on the slope of her boob rather than straight forward and stood erect in response to their exposure to the air.
Sadie had a tidy patch of light sandy-colored pubic hair nearly the same color as the hair on her head. Her classic 'carpet matching the drapes' confirmed that her blonde hair was likely her natural color. And before my gaze crossed the line to inappropriate ogling, I had time to appreciate the edges of her crinkly labia lips peeking out through her light bush.
Slap! I felt a sting as Joy whomped my arm playfully. "Down, boy, you'll have plenty of women to drool over soon enough!"
We all laughed and wrapped our towels around ourselves--mine around my waist, the women above their boobs as we had seen others do. We headed out into the common area, amazed at the various activities and people.
One of the first sights to greet us was a couple wrapped in their towels having sex on a bench. The woman faced and straddled the seated man and rose up and down in his lap, both making slight grunting sounds. Unfortunately, our view was obscured by their towels, which covered most of their sexual activity and the woman's boobs.
As we regarded the couple, I noted the irony of people being modest enough to cover up boobs and nether bits while blatantly having sex in public. We moved on fairly quickly, not wanting to appear to be gawkers. We hadn't yet considered that the fornicating couple might actually have enjoyed being watched.
We wandered, watched, and got some juice. Sipping our juice, we saw a couple standing in a side alcove embracing and kissing. As the couple separated, we noticed the woman's hand was under the guy's towel, clearly stroking his cock.
Towels were evidently generally accepted as "clothes" in the common areas--men around their waist and women above their tits. Most had them on when walking around, whenever they were not in or near the water. This was soon imprinted on me as the "new normal" in the Club. When I saw two women walking with their towels only around their waists, topless, I found it unusual, eye-catching, and erotic.
Sadie suggested we try the pool and the large multi-person hot tub (we called it a 'whirlpool' tub back then), which we went to first. Several people were in the water already, relaxing, their unclothed bodies obscured by the bubbling water.
We dropped our towels and slid into the water, feeling the heat and bubbles tickling and flowing around our exposed genitalia--a new experience for us. The sensations were sensual more than sexual, but we all loved the feeling. I sat between Joy and Sadie and leaned back to enjoy the heat.

Hearing water splashing, we turned and saw that a couple--a muscular black man and a full-figured white woman--in the tub had started fucking. I had never seen other people have sex in person before that night, and I observed with fascination.
The woman stood facing outward, leaning forward with her forearms on the tub's ledge, long wet hair obscuring her face. Her pendulous breasts were swinging forward and back as she rocked with the sexual thrusts, her nipples brushing the water's surface.
The guy stood and pumped into her from behind, his ass muscles flexing visibly with each forward thrust. Although the penetration point was just below the water's surface, sloshing waves gave us teasing peeks of his thick black shaft sliding in and out of her folds. The contrast with her pale skin was dramatic.
I glanced at Joy and Sadie--they were both staring, transfixed, at the scene. I slid my hand up Joy's thigh under the water. Without losing focus on the couple, she grabbed my hand and squeezed it--either to stop my caress or because she was excited at the scene before us. We watched, captivated, with nascent arousal, occasionally glancing at each other and smiling.
Suddenly the guy growled and grunted loudly. He clenched his ass, thrust his hips forward, and held them pressed against the woman. We all understood that he was cumming deep inside her pussy, and my dick stirred in response. After a few moments, the guy slowly thrust a couple more times, pulled out of the woman, and sat down on the hot tub's bench. He smiled at the woman as she sat on his lap, and the two kissed deeply.
Joy, being the more pragmatic of our trio, leaned over and whispered to us, "What happens to the cum that doesn't get inside her or leaks out? Won't it float around in the water?"
The three of us quickly moved out of the hot tub.
I suggested we take a swim since we were already wet. Joy and Sadie agreed, and we headed over to the pool. A handful of people were lounging nude or wearing towels on deck chairs, and four were chatting in the water in a group.
As we reached the pool, Joy and I paused and watched as Sadie dropped her towel, walked nude to the pool's edge, and peeked over into the water. Then, turning, she walked away from us along the pool's edge about halfway down, peeked into the pool again, then turned to face us and returned. Both Joy and I waited, perplexed, wondering what she was doing.
I loved seeing Sadie's round bare ass on her petite frame sway just slightly as she moved away from us, and loved seeing pretty much all of her from the front as she walked back toward us. I felt warmth spreading in my groin at the sight of her full-frontal presentation.
Sadie's thin patch of light pubic hair was still damp from the hot tub and plastered down, no longer hiding her puffy pussy lips. Her taut abs led to her pert compact boobs, her nipples standing proudly. I reflected to myself,"Damn, she really is sexy. I love how her nipples don't ever seem to want to take a rest."
As Sadie walked back up to us, Joy asked, "Sadie, what are you doing? Are you looking for something?"
"No, I just wanted to see what it felt like to just openly walk nude in public, free, and in front of people, strangers," Sadie answered, smiling cheerfully.
"And?" Asked Joy.
"I love it. I now see why people are nudists--now let's swim and see how the water is!"
We left our towels on the side and entered the pool. I held back and let the women lead, allowing me to enjoy their toned asses pulling and flexing as they descended the stairs. Swimming leisurely, we all loved the feeling of moving naked through the water--the freedom, sensuality, and a residual sense of "naughtiness."
"I love this," Joy said. "And you're right, Sadie. I now understand the appeal of skinny dipping or going to nude beaches. I always thought people just liked showing off, but this is wonderful." She looked at me and winked. "Think we can find a nude beach back home? Our own private little oasis where we can bathe,au naturale?"
I nodded, "That sounds fun, and ditto about this feeling great. Maybe we can see if there are any nudist or clothing-optional places around if you really want to find one."
"Hmmm, I don't know," Joy said. "Here, everyone is a stranger, but we might run into people we know back home. It would be too embarrassing for me."
After a few more minutes of enjoyment, we got out, dried off, and wrapped our towels around us again.
"So, what now?" I asked. "Any preference or particular ideas?"
Both shook their heads. Joy added, "Not really--I'm just goin' with the flow here." She giggled, finding that funny for reasons known only to her.
We walked around and went over to an area we hadn't been to yet, and noticed a doorway with a male staff member stationed outside. Nearby was a sign stating "Mat Room." Curious, we approached to see what it was. On the wall was a list of Rules, which included restrictions such as "Couples Only, No food or smoking in the room," and interestingly, "No Threesomes at any time." Evidently, the room was intended for straight swapping.
Our curiosity piqued, we moved up to the steps to look into the room and caught a glimpse of many bodies in various states of towel. But from our quick peek, most were nude.
"Sorry, only couples are allowed in the Mat Room," said the Staff guy. "And please stand back away from the doorway."
We moved away to the side, and I asked the Staffer, "So, what exactly is the 'Mat Room' and why the restrictions?"
"This is where swingers can swap partners for sex, couples engage sexually with other couples, or for people who simply want to see and be seen. The couples-only restriction ensures an equal number of men and women and keeps it from getting overcrowded."
Joy asked, "Do people have to have sex, or can they just watch?
My belly fluttered as I looked at Joy, instantly seeing where she was going with it. To my not-insignificant surprise, my sexually conservative girlfriend had essentially just asked if she could attend and observe an orgy!
The Staffer smiled. "No one is required to do anything they're uncomfortable doing or do anything at all. Once you enter as a couple, you can swap, watch, have sex, or do almost anything you desire. Except for homosexual contact--all in keeping with the room Rules, of course."
We all looked back and forth at each other. Finally, Sadie took the initiative. "You two go on in and check it out, and I'll wait out here while you do." Seeing our astonished looks, she clarified, "Just go in and have a look around, see what it's like and all--I'm not telling you to join an orgy!"
Surprising me again, Joy implied her concurrence with the plan. "Are you sure? We don't want to leave you out here alone. Won't you feel weird or uncomfortable? We don't want that."
"I think I can handle myself just fine," Sadie chuckled. "And I'm pretty sure I won't get lonely waiting a few minutes out here. Just don't stay in there too long!"
Turning to me, Joy confirmed the agenda. "We can take turns then. You and I can go in first and see what's going on, then you can go in with Sadie so she can see, and I'll wait out here."
Very much liking this adventure's direction, I looked over at Sadie, who nodded in agreement. I said, "Sounds like a plan--lead on." Joy and I took hands and walked up and into the room.
Entering Plato's Retreat Mat Room was like stepping into some porn orgy fantasy world. There were people everywhere--over a dozen couples, hooked up in pairs, groups, or alone, in the center, against the walls, some standing, others sitting or lying down, all engaged in sucking, fucking, wanking, resting, watching.
The room matched its name: an unadorned room with thick wall-to-wall mats covering the floor. (Plato's later moved from its original location on the Upper West Side to a different one in Midtown--the midtown Mat Room included a large video screen playing porn movies. But that's a different story.)
Joy and I, still in our towels, crossed the room. We stepped around and sometimes over primarily naked strangers, our eyes darting near and far, trying to process the visual overload. Finally, we chose a spot on the room's far side and sat on the mat with our backs to the wall.
We watched, fascinated and amazed, at people's openly sexual exertions. At the near complete lack of inhibitions. Individuals sometimes moved or changed partners--seemingly at random--but there was most certainly communication happening that was not obvious to us.
Contrary to my expectations going into the Club, I hadn't yet been fully sexually aroused--I had been more fascinated and curious (ok, and a little aroused). That changed instantly as I reacted to the charged atmosphere and the cacophony of lust, sexuality, pheromones, nudity, and excitement in the room.
As my eyes wandered, I felt my cock stretching and hardening out to full size and pressing and pulsing against my towel as if attempting to escape. The sounds of breathing, grunting, and moaning, accompanied by the pungent aroma of sweat, sex, perfumes, and cum assaulted my senses, creating a sense of unreality. I reached over and absentmindedly caressed Joy's hand as we looked on.
In the center of the room, just feet away from us, we saw what I would describe as a sex chain--a dreamlike connection of nude bodies pleasuring each other all at once. A brunette woman lay on her back, sucking a guy's cock to her side. Her long brown hair fanned out on the mat, and her slightly gravity-flattened tits wobbled with her movement.
At the same time, a second woman with short permed hair was kneeling between the brunette woman's legs with her hips and ass high in the air and eating the brunette's pussy. I found it amusing that the pussy-eater's curly permed hair nearly matched the color of the brunette's pubes, giving the illusion of a massive bush.
Adding to the chain, a guy fucked the pussy-eater from behind, causing her to rock forward and away from the brunette's snatch. And a third woman sat at the brunette's side across from the guy being sucked, stroking and licking the brunette's erect nipples, seemingly intrigued by them.
Mesmerized, I watched the surreal scene. My dick throbbed as the guy being sucked clenched his ass and thrust forward, cumming into the brunette woman's mouth. Some cum leaked out and dribbled down her chin and his balls. The guy rolled over onto his back and lay there, panting hard. Then the pussy-eating woman abruptly stopped licking the brunette's pussy. She got up and led the nipple-playing woman by the hand away from the group.
As the pussy-eater moved away, the guy's dick that had been pumping her from behind slipped out, bouncing somewhat. A string of pre-cum stretched briefly between it and the pussy-eater's gaping canal before breaking. His rigid cock glistened with moisture and swayed in the air like a hand searching for a light switch in the dark.
Then, without saying anything, he shuffled forward on his knees towards the brunette lying on her back. He pressed his still-pulsing dick straight into her open pussy and pumped it into her instead.
After only a couple dozen thrusts, the man grunted and apparently ejaculated into the brunette's well-tended vagina. He then dispassionately pulled out and moved away--again without obvious word or communication.
I stared, entranced, at the now-abandoned brunette woman lying on her back, alone. She stayed in the same position as she had been while being fucked, with her legs spread and her vagina fully exposed and still gaping from being spread by a cock. Her pubic curls were matted and damp with juice, sweat, and semen, her labia lips swollen, and her sizable erect clit stood out clearly. I watched as cum visibly gathered at her vagina's entrance, oozed out, and started sliding down toward her ass.
My cock pulsed as I imagined she was patiently awaiting the next hard cock, in turn, to slide in and fill her cum receptacle. My horny young mind found this sight incredibly sexy; I wanted nothing more than to crawl over, slide my steel rod into her gloppy wet hole, and add my load. I might even have done that if I had been alone.
But alas, I wasn't alone. Joy's words brought me back to the moment. Resting her hand on my arm, she leaned over and quietly said, "It's so weird. It's like they're putting on a show! It's just... I don't know, so strange and kind of disturbing." She turned to face me and added, "I mean, it can't be very safe, right? Like, with strangers." Her eyes searched mine for agreement.
I nodded automatically without saying anything. Not revealing my very different assessment of the situation. My hard cock throbbed under my towel, and I was so turned on I was on the verge of exploding. My eyes stayed glued to the woman's oozing cum-filled pussy, surrounded by a sea of writhing nude bodies just feet away from me.
Joy's less-than-enthusiastic reaction to the sexual situation did nothing whatsoever to dampen my own. Indeed, I would have gladly fucked her relentlessly right then and there if she had indicated she was open to anything sexual. Or had so much as kissed me, for that matter.
We watched for a few more minutes but saw nothing approaching the remarkable sexual interactions we had already witnessed. "We'd better get going," Joy said. "Sadie's been waiting out there by herself for quite a while. And I'm sure she'll want to see this!"
I willed my erection to go down with middling success as we made our way back through the maze of bodies and went out to find Sadie.  We found her waiting for us near the room's entrance.
Sadie smirked as her eyes flicked down, noticing my not-quite-subsided bulge. "Well, how was it?" A knowing smile played on her lips. "Learn any new tricks?"
Joy rolled her eyes and gave a hint of a giggle. "I don't think words would do it justice; you'll just have to wait and see for yourself." She looked at me as if seeking confirmation.
I nodded. "It does need to be seen, for sure." I reflected on our experience, and pondered mostly to myself. "And the Mat Room Rules don't seem to be strictly enforced, at least regarding multiple partners."
Joy then turned back to Sadie. "So what did you do out here while waiting? Arrange any hot sex dates with strangers for later?"
"Right, I've got a group of studs all lined up waiting to pleasure me and be my sex slaves," Sadie retorted. "But seriously, a couple guys did ask me if I wanted to go into Mat Room with them!"
"Really? What did you do?" Joy asked.
"It was sort of flattering, but naturally, I politely declined." I saw a wistful expression flash across her face for an instant. Then to me, Sadie exclaimed gleefully, "So, my turn!"
I then went back into the Mat Room with Sadie and led her through the writhing mass of humanity. I watched her reaction out of my peripheral vision--her eyes wide and darting around the room, taking in the scene, her face slightly flushed and breath ragged. I was oddly pleased that she was aroused by the situation--maybe because it made my arousal seem not so pervy. Or, more likely, because I loved seeing an attractive woman get turned on. We made our way to the far side of the room and sat near where I had watched with Joy.
My dick responded right on cue as I watched a fully uncovered couple nearby in a 69 position, mouths eagerly lapping each other's cock and pussy. A man sat on his towel nearby, watching earnestly and stroking his cock. Looking around, I noted that several others also appeared to be mere spectators. Voyeurs like us, taking in the view--some masturbating, some caressing each other, some covered by towels, others nude.
I pressed my arm across my stiff cock in a futile effort to mask my obvious erection from Sadie. But this served only to put pressure on it, increasing my arousal. I glanced at Sadie to see if she noticed and saw she did not seem to be paying attention to my crotch struggles. Instead, she was enraptured by the others in the room, round blue eyes open and taking in everything, her breath shallow. Then, suddenly, her breath caught slightly--she froze, staring, then a smile teased her lips.
I followed her line of sight and saw a voluptuous woman with long strawberry blonde hair--to her waist--and large pale breasts straddling a guy lying on his back, impaled by his cock. As she lifted up and down, hips gyrating, his shaft disappeared and reappeared through her orange-tinted bush.
My cock seemed to pulse with the fucking couple's rhythm as I stared. I was aroused at the sex and fascinated by the woman's ginger-colored pubic hair enveloping the guy's dick. I determined that I wanted to lick and fuck a true redhead someday. The woman's full boobs--large nipples and light-colored areolae barely visible against her pale skin--bounced and swayed in an odd, off-beat rhythm.
Just beyond them, as if providing a backdrop, two women faced each other kneeling upright, passionately kissing. Their nipples first just brushed each other, then mashed into the other, lost in the mounded flesh of their breasts. One woman's hand cupped the other's ass, and the other woman stroked the first woman's pussy.
Sadie and I watched silently for several minutes--people around us fucking, sucking, wanking. Then, at one point, we turned in unison to see a guy ejaculate on a woman's tits. His cum splattered from her neck to her belly and coated the woman's firm nipples with viscous cream.
I said quietly to Sadie, "This is wild, isn't it?" Sadie gave a curt nod, her tongue darting across her lips. I continued, "Um, Joy didn't seem into it, but... you know, well, I'm kind of turned on, seeing this... being here around all this sex and all." I asked hesitantly, "So, er... what do you think of all this?"
Sadie turned and looked me in the eye and replied with her typical candor. "Oh my God, yes, I am SO horny right now. And it's no secret--I'm absolutely creamin' myself here!"
She laughed with her confession, her eyes darting down and taking in the obvious tenting of my towel. She paused, tilted her head, and bit her bottom lip as if deliberating something, then got a mischievous look in her eyes as she looked back to mine.
She leaned in near me and whispered, "I know what I'll be doing later when you and Joy are relieving your pent-up 'tension.'"
My eyebrows involuntarily shot up. I wasn't sure quite what to make of her comment. I looked at her with a mixture of uncertainty and speculation, and waited silently.
She sat back with an impish smile. "But in the meantime..."
I watched, transfixed, as Sadie reached down and peeled open the bottom part of her towel. She pulled it to both sides like a theater curtain opening, and revealed her alluring blonde pussy. My eyes widened as she slid her legs apart and presented an open and direct view of her sex. Her labia were swollen with arousal, and pussy juice beaded and clung to her light pubes like dew on morning grass. Her clit peeked out, erect, from its hood above her crinkly inner lips.
My cock pulsed in concert with her actions, and the vision of her exposed pussy triggered an electric surge deep in my groin. I tore my focus from her personal treasure and looked up to meet her eyes. She held my gaze a moment and then looked back down to her exposed crotch.
Enthralled, I followed her finger as she reached down between her legs to her succulent pussy. She slowly traced a finger down around the outside of her mons, then from the bottom, traced up just inside her slit, and made two tiny circles around her clit. I caught my breath as my dick throbbed--rock hard, balls tight.
Sadie brought her wet finger to her lips and sensually licked the moisture off, a slight smile playing on her lips as she looked straight at me. My jaw dropped in amazement and appreciation as I stared, unmoving.

I snapped my jaw closed and shook my head as if to clear a hallucination. "Jesus fuck Sadie!" And chuckling, "I mean, um, so when did you turn into such a brazen... er, vixen?"

"Vixen?"
"I don't know. My brain seems to be lacking blood flow at the moment--that's the first word that popped into my head. Maybe 'harlot' is a better word? Temptress? Hussy?"
Sadie rolled her eyes, smiled sensuously, and said nothing. Licked her lips seductively.
I looked at her intently and leaned in slightly. The myriad of bodies, panting, and fucking all around us seemed to fade into the background as I only focused on Sadie.
"I'm so damn horny right now," I said. "I could blow a load without even touching myself. If I'm not careful, I could cum any second, and you're not helping the situation!"
"Why don't you then? It's not like it would be inappropriate here," she giggled coyly.
Dumbstruck, my mind reeled, flooded with rapid-fire thoughts and emotions."Is she serious? I can't do that here. Joy is just outside. Do I want to? Damn, she's sexy. She can't mean it. Or, maybe...?"
Finding my voice, I stammered. "I, uh... what, like seriously? I mean, er, no, I can't do that, or, um... really?"
Saving me from my awkward babbling, she teased, "I showed you mine; now you show me yours. It's only fair."
As she spoke, she slowly rubbed her finger upward between her pussy lips and around her clit, her eyes locked on mine. The tip of her tongue slid erotically along her lips. I felt drawn to her, hypnotized by her movements and sultry voice.
"And it's not wrong or cheating if you just happen to get turned on and cum... and I happen to see you," she added with a playful lilt in her voice.
She made it sound so reasonable and relatively "innocent," even if I had no idea whether she was serious. Marshaling my courage, I decided to call her bluff--or dare, a decision emboldened by the situation and my extreme horniness.
I got up on my knees, body upright, and pulled open my towel, revealing my proud erect penis in all its glory. "You think I won't?" I challenged.
Sadie's eyes lit up, and she looked up and down my body, stopping to scrutinize my visibly pulsing hard-on. She bit her lip as she slowly circled her fingers around the swollen nub between her legs. Her eyes hooded a moment as she relished her self-pleasure, then refocused on me.
"I want to see you cum," she stated bluntly, breathing heavily and leaning forward with hunger in her eyes. "Show me." Her other hand joined the first as she inserted a finger into her dripping vagina.
Her words and seeing her touch herself nearly triggered my orgasm--I had never been so worked up and ready to climax without any physical stimulation. I looked furtively back at the doorway, but my stark and overwhelming arousal overcame any qualms I may have had. I met Sadie's eyes with a questioning look, and she nodded in encouragement.
Casting my hesitation aside, I grasped my engorged dick and started stroking it, smiling and looking into Sadie's eyes. "All right, you asked for it, but I wasn't kidding when I said I'm about to cum any second."

I pumped my cock briskly and felt my climax building almost instantly. I stared at Sadie, still wearing her towel over her tits, with the bottom pulled open and framing her aroused pussy. She was slowly circling her clit with one hand and gently inserting her finger into her vagina with the other, eyes locked on my dick.
Unable to hold back, I arched my back and thrust my pelvis forward--my semen shot in erratic jets, painting Sadie's legs and feet and splattering on the mat next to her. I continued slowly milking my softening pole and watched Sadie's mouth spread into a triumphant smile.
Chuckling and shaking her head, making little "tsk tsk" sounds, Sadie pulled her towel off and wiped off my cum. I relished seeing her fully nude in a sexual context for the first time--so different from the innocent freedom of swimming earlier. It was so erotic, especially against the backdrop of the writhing mass of naked people in the room with us.
Her small boobs seemed fuller against her petite frame, and her nipples stood hard and upright atop tightened areolae, reaching out as if begging to be sucked. Her full nudity perfectly complemented her swollen pussy to achieve a delightful picture of a luscious, aroused woman.
I let my mind drift and imagined tasting her wetness, running my tongue between her swollen labia and sliding my hard dick into her. Seeing her naked and aroused, wiping off my cum, is an image imprinted forever in my mind. I knew I would have years of fantasy memories to keep me company during future times of need.
My sexual reverie was interrupted as Sadie abruptly stood up and wrapped her towel closed. "We should get back out to Joy."
The sudden switch in Sadie's tenor surprised me and caused a spike of concern--I thought she was upset or regretted what had just happened. My worry was short-lived, however.
Sadie turned her back to me and bent forward slightly with an arched back. Her ass cheeks popped out of the bottom of her towel, and I had a tiny peek of her labia, barely visible in the shadows between her legs. She looked over her shoulder at me, smiled and gave her exposed butt a little wiggle. "Don't you agree?"
Startled and with my judgment clouded with arousal, I instinctively reached up and cupped her ass cheeks with both hands, giving a playful squeeze. "Yes, I agree," I said. "Let's get back out to Joy."
Sadie wiggled her butt again against my hands, then straightened up. We made our way out, over and around the fucking, sucking, wanking, and staring bodies.
We met Joy outside the Mat Room, and she looked knowingly at Sadie. "Now you see what I mean?" Joy said. "Gotta see it to believe it." Joy chuckled softly and gave a curt nod to Sadie. The two women silently acknowledged their now-shared knowledge of a forbidden realm.
"You got THAT right," Sadie added, almost to herself. Then, to Joy, "So, what did you get up to out here? A sexy babe like you, all by her lonesome, must've attracted men like bees to honey!"
I silently appreciated Sadie's smooth deflection of potential questions about our own experience in the Mat Room.
"Well, I wandered around a bit," Joy said. "And... um, I got hit on by three men. And... er, one woman."
"Oh, do tell!" Sadie said.
"Um, well, the guys separately invited me to go into the mat room with them--of course, I said no. The woman told me I have beautiful hair and how she would love to pamper me and give me a special treat--she said she knew of a nice secluded area for privacy." Joy's face reddened with embarrassment--or perhaps arousal--as she described the encounters.
"Damn, that's hot," I muttered. The image of a naked Joy caressed by a sexy woman popped vividly into my mind. "What did you say to her?"
"I said, 'no thank you,' you idiot." Joy retorted, swatting my arm lightly.
Thankfully, Joy didn't ask whether Sadie liked it in the Mat Room or what happened there.
We all agreed that the Mat Room was "wild, weird, bizarre, and... just, wow."
Our visit wound down over the next hour. We swam again, had some juice, then eventually relaxed together on pillows in a quiet area by a fireplace. I lounged in the middle with an arm around each woman in a three-way cuddle, content and enjoying myself. And despite that being a platonic situation at the moment, I kept mentally replaying the many events of the night.
I found myself repeatedly stirring and getting semi-hard, but in the end, fatigue won out, and we decided to call it a night and head out. As we put our clothes back on in the locker room, we marveled at the situation and how fun it was to have "checked it out for ourselves."
We arrived back at the apartment, and although we tried to be quiet, Tara woke up and came out of the bedroom to greet us. She grilled us extensively, demanding lots of details, hanging on every word with rapt attention. To such an extent that we suspected she was having second thoughts about opting out of the adventure.
After recounting (most) of our escapades, we finally acknowledged our fatigue and decided to call it a night. We all brushed our teeth and used the bathroom, then Tara and Sadie headed into the bedroom. I pulled open the sleeper sofa and set the bed up.
Joy stood watching me, not helping or doing anything. Finally, I looked up at her, puzzled. "All set, babe? You ready for bed?"
To be clear, before that night, Joy had always been exceedingly discreet with our relationship's sexual aspects. For example, although Sadie and Tara knew we were together, Joy always wore at least a long t-shirt to sleep in, "just in case someone came by." In addition, she ensured the lights were off and always sought to be quiet during our lovemaking. And even earlier that evening at Plato's, she was uneasy and reserved regarding the sex and nudity we encountered and experienced.
But what I came to think of as the "Plato's Effect" manifested itself at that moment for the first time (I don't count anything that happened at the Club as part of the "Effect").
Without answering my question, Joy slowly undressed and stood nude, smiling, in the living room with lights on and window blinds open. She didn't put on her sleeping shirt. Instead, she just stood and let me take in her spectacular display of feminine perfection.
I reveled in the sight of her exotic beauty for a moment. The golden glow of the lamp on her flawless tawny-colored skin, the way her pink-tinged brown nipples proudly beamed forward, erect on her firm, rounded breasts. Her long black hair teased the sides of her boobs; its natural highlights reflected the lamplight.
And Joy had the most beautiful pussy. Her feathery jet-black pubic hair swept up in silky strands that naturally grew in a slight fan shape over her vulva with wisps down the sides. It formed a perfect frame and crown for her treasure box without trimming. Her inner labia were visible but not obtrusive, peeking out between her full outer lips like flower petals just starting to blossom. Her wetness glistened in the soft light, betraying her arousal.
My cock reacted and began to swell as I relished the vision before me, amazed that this beauty was being presented and offered to me.
Without shame, Joy walked around the sofa bed and up to me, put her arms around my neck, and kissed me sensuously. Her breasts pressed against my body, sending an electric surge to my rock-hard cock. I stroked her bare back, feeling her soft, smooth skin and down to her firm ass. She then reached down and undid my fly, releasing my erection, and stroked it with one hand while pulling at my shirt with the other.
I pulled off my clothes and joined Joy naked. My cock reached straight up, with pre-cum glistening at its tip. We kissed again, passionately, our tongues dancing lightly, lips pressed firmly. I nestled into her hair and breathed in her pleasant mixed fragrance of hair conditioner and chlorine from the pool. Our skin was sensitive to each other as we ran our hands all over each other.
"I've been looking forward to this all evening," Joy whispered breathlessly. "I'm so horny right now. It seems like weeks since I've cum."
I had a momentary flash of guilt about having cum in front of--and, well, on--Sadie earlier. But I physically shook my head, rationalizing away the guilty feeling. I mean, we didn't touch each other, so it's like nothing happened. Instead, I focused on the beautiful golden Goddess before me, drawn into her chocolate-brown eyes and the power of her sexuality.
I murmured, "Mmmm, I've wanted you so damn much all night--I can't wait to taste you. And ravish you."
I gently walked her back and eased her down onto the sofa bed. I stood over her toned, petite body, legs just slightly open, bountiful moisture visible on her pussy. "Seeing you nude in front of all those strangers was so damn hot--you make me so fucking horny. If you'd just said the word, I would've done anything with you, even in front of others."
Joy smiled, "Yes, well, you are a horny bugger, aren't you? Then added with a mock English accent, "My own personal, very naughty, randy buggah." Her eyes twinkled, and she bit her lip through her smile.
I reached over to flick off the table lamp by the bed and was surprised when she said quietly, "Leave it on. It's ok. I want to see, want us to see each other."
Taken aback, I started feeling a bit nervous about the situation myself for a change. "What if Tara or Sadie comes out? Especially Tara... "
Joy replied, with a devilish smile I had not seen before, "Well, then, I guess they get a show--you have something to hide? I'm sure I don't."
I paused in disbelief, mentally trying to sort out the situation. My head practically screamed,"What is happening here?"This was Joy saying this--sexually shy, cautious, and discreet Joy. As if her inhibition switch tripped and left her carefree and shameless. So totally unlike her.
But, not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, acceptance seemed the wisest course of action. So I promptly seized the moment and the mood.
I joked in an authoritative voice. "All Right! Who are you, and what have you done with Joy?" I knelt and parted her legs, gazing at her waiting pussy, slightly open and glistening in the light. "It is my sworn duty to protect our planet from alien inhibition-stealers! So, I'm required to do some serious investigations here." I ran my hands up the soft, smooth skin of her thighs, around her vulva, and across her pelvis.
Joy giggled at my lame humor--one of the things I loved about her. I commenced my "investigation." I kissed her thighs slowly up to her pussy, while using my hands to lightly caress her thighs, pelvis, and belly. I reached her mound, moist and framed by her delicate feathers of pubic hair, and gave light kisses around and on her pussy lips. I then parted her labia with my fingers--she was dripping wet. When my fingers made contact, Joy's pelvis trembled, she murmured something unintelligible, and it felt like an electrical surge shot straight to my groin. My already erect cock lurched and swelled.
Stroking Joy's exquisite pussy lightly with my fingers, I ran my tongue between her sopping inner lips and tasted her aromatic juices. After teasing her labia with licks and kisses, I finally gave a tiny flick of my tongue across her swollen clit. I breathed the pungent scent of her arousal as she quivered with pleasure. Wanting more, she impatiently pressed her pelvis up, trying to connect me with her clit, yearning to be satisfied.
I circled my tongue lightly around her clit as I ran my finger along and between her inner lips. I stroked around the entrance to her vagina, then pressed my finger gently into her opening. She felt so hot, soft, and wet--and inviting. I felt her vaginal walls give a welcoming quiver as my finger slid smoothly inside her.
With my other hand, I caressed her belly, boobs, and pelvis, then began flicking my tongue directly across her clit. Her body pulsated in response; she pulled my head in harder, trying to heighten the pressure. I increased the speed and force of my tongue on her clit, alternating between fluttering rapidly across it and sucking it into my lips. When I pressed my finger deeper into her vagina, I felt her muscles grip and ripple around it and her pelvis contract.
My face was coated in Joy's juices as I continued tonguing her clit and fingering her pussy. I couldn't believe how wet and hot she was, and I sensed rather than heard her breathing become more ragged. Then, moving my other hand from caressing her pelvis down between her pussy and anus, I lightly tickled her perineum. Joy gave a soft hum, writhed, and opened her legs in response, clearly loving the touch.
I lubricated my finger with Joy's copious pussy fluid, then pressed firmly on the outside of her anal star, lingering on the outside. Joy moaned with pleasure and anticipation as I increased the speed of my tongue on her clit. I created an almost vibrator-like stimulation and continued sliding my finger in and out of her vagina. Finally, I pressed the tip of my other finger into her anus, feeling it pop slightly into her.
Joy moaned, "Ah, god, that feels so good, mmm." She arched her back and started gyrating her pelvis to her own internal rhythm as I licked her clit, our movements both syncopated and complemental.
I savored the taste of her fragrant pussy, her juices flowing down my chin as I pleasured her with my tongue. I probed my fingers deeper into her ass and vagina. My fingers felt each other through her thin dividing wall as I swirled, pressed, and slid them in and around their respective tunnels.
Joy's breathing sped up, her hips started bucking, and her body writhed out of control as she began to climax--it was all I could do to keep my face from being knocked off her pussy. Her strong abs contracted, folding her body forward and slightly back in repeated spasms as her orgasm tore through her body like tremors of an earthquake. She stifled a cry, so it came out as more of a squeak as she attempted to cum quietly--her vagina and anus clenched and gripped my fingers.
Joy collapsed on the bed, her heaving breaths making her swollen breasts rise and fall. Her dark nipples stood like soldiers at attention atop her constricted areolae. Her wet pussy must have had a secret communications system with my groin; my cock pulsed in time with her breathing as if controlled by an irresistible force. Pulsing and yearning for her wet, warm, and friendly place.
I crawled onto the bed, sliding my hands along Joy's muscular, toned legs. I pressed her legs apart and drank in the raw sexuality of Joy's gaping pussy--dripping wet, inviting, waiting. Her smooth inner lips were folded open, their exposed lighter pink contrasting against her darker outer skin. As I gazed at her open, vulnerable position, I had a brief flashback of the woman lying with her creampie on display in Plato's mat room. The memory made my cock throb even more.
I shuffled forward and positioned my cock just outside Joy's luscious vagina. Lubricating my hard-on by sliding it up and down a few times between her lips, I slowly slipped into her, first about halfway, then a bit back, then deep inside her. Her moist warmth enveloped me, caressed me, and pulled me into her tightness. Her vaginal muscles contracted and massaged my dick as I thrust in and out of her.
As I was sliding deep inside Joy, slowly building speed toward my inevitable climax, I caught movement out of the corner of my eye. I looked over and was shocked to see Sadie standing just outside the bedroom doorway, less than five feet from our bed. Watching. Sadie's hand was down inside her panties, which were transparent with her wetness--in the room's bright light, I could even see the color of her hand through the fabric.
Sadie was furiously rubbing her clit, and with her other hand, she squeezed and pinched her nipples through her thin t-shirt. Her eyes were ablaze with lust, her teeth biting a corner of her lip as she watched. God, that sight almost made me immediately erupt inside Joy's canal.

It took little internal debate for me to decide not to alert Joy to the presence of our voyeur--I didn't want to risk her freaking out and stopping in mid-fuck. What's more, It was hot knowing Sadie was watching us, was turned on by seeing us, and openly pleasuring herself just feet away from us. So I continued pumping in and out of Joy's pussy, feeling her tight vaginal walls contract as I pulled out, then open in welcome as I pressed in.
Joy whispered with short rapid breaths. "Oh, yes, that's so good. Fill me. With. Your. Cock." Her head was thrown back, eyes closed.
Without pulling out, I folded Joy's legs toward her shoulders. Her dancer's flexibility allowed her knees to reach up to her shoulders and lie flat on the bed, splitting her pussy wide open. This gave Sadie an unobstructed view of my cock working in and out of Joy's vagina. I improved Sadie's vantage more when I raised my upper body higher by pushing myself up and bracing against the backs of Joy's well-toned thighs.
The new position let me press deeper into Joy's pussy, the tip of my cock brushing her cervix with each thrust. I watched my turgid shaft slide in and out between her swollen lips, Joy's wisps of silky black pubic hair contrasting with my lighter-colored penis. I felt an extra rush knowing that Sadie had roughly the same, almost pornographic, view. Joy and I fucked--slower, faster, deeper, and shallow. When I glanced over, I saw Sadie breathing hard, half-collapsed against the wall, legs shaking.
Joy gave a deep moan and arched her back against the pressure on her legs; her entire body spasmed as her second orgasm rippled through her. The palpitations of her quivering pussy triggered my climax.
As my balls started to contract and semen rushed up my shaft, I pulled out at the last second and aimed it toward Joy's heaving pelvis and open pussy. Ropes of cum shot out onto her belly and tits, splattering on her feathery pubic hair, and coating her gaping pussy lips.
Joy exhaled heavily, sprawled back onto the bed, and dropped her legs back down but still apart. Sadie and I secretly shared the spectacular view of Joy's taut naked body glistening with sweat and cum, and of her wet, swollen, still-parted pussy.
Joy sighed with a beautiful smile of contentment and satisfaction. Then, with eyes closed, she languorously ran a finger up along her abs through the white semen patterned against her golden skin. She lifted a dollop of cum from her nipple, brought it two her lips, and licked it clean--knowing I would be transfixed.
I glanced over to Sadie. She was leaning against the wall with her shirt pulled up, both hands cupping and gently massaging her nipples and petite boobs with a dreamy, post-orgasmic expression. My movement must have caught her attention, and she looked at me. We locked eyes, and she smiled broadly and mouthed, "Thank you." Then, she blew a kiss with one finger and slipped back into the bedroom.
Joy lay still for a moment, and I watched some of my cum slowly ooze over and run down the side of her stomach. She caught a rivulet with her fingers to keep it from the bed and sat up.
"Why did you pull out anyway? It was so nice with you inside me."
I deemed it unwise to say it was so our private voyeur could see my "money shot." So instead, I said, "I--I just had an impulse at the time, thought it would be hot to cum on you and see your sexy body painted with my juice."
"Hmmph, men are so weird," Joy muttered, shaking her head. She pushed me away to sit up. "I have to pee and wipe up this mess." She tried to give me an accusatory look but couldn't keep her eyes from crinkling. Then, leaning in, she pressed her soft lips onto mine in a sensuous, tender kiss. I inhaled deeply, relishing her scent, the smell of her hair, her skin, and the tantalizing aroma of sex.
Joy stood to clean up. As she turned and walked toward the bathroom, the flexing of her ass muscles hypnotically captured my gaze. I felt sated and relaxed. Joy was almost to the bathroom before I registered that she was still fully nude with the lights on, openly walking where anyone might come out and see her. Or watch her through the windows.
Something sure had changed with her, or maybe with us. As if our visit to Plato's Retreat awakened or triggered something in her. Something sexy, wonderful, and definitely welcome.
We didn't realize it at the time, but our sexy Plato's Retreat adventure seemed to have affected all of us. Even Tara, we soon discovered, who hadn't even been at the Club. What I came to think of as the "Plato's Effect" resulted in a loss of inhibitions and an awakening of libidos. And a summer of sexy adventures.

To be continued...
_______________
Please let me know if you have enjoyed the story so far or have comments--your feedback and responses are the only rewards I receive for posting here. This is also the first of what I hope to be my first multi-chapter story. I have additional chapters partially written and/or outlined and will work to complete them if enough show interest. And yes, Tara plays a more prominent role going forward. But I ask for your patience as I work on these stories amidst many other obligations. Thank you!