I previously posted a story about Wendy's exhibitionism at the lake. I really should have started off with some of her earlier and perhaps tamer escapades before we got married. But quite frankly, given the stunts she pulled after we were married, I had forgotten about her pre-marital exhibitionism.
As these are true stories, Wendy's adventures won't be nearly as far out as many of the stories we read here. So, if you are looking for really wild stuff, you won't find it in Wendy's stories. I suggest the reader find her lake exhibitionism story and read it for her background.
I can post these stories without fear of outing her, as friends and family would never have an inkling Wendy would be this bold. Even her prior boyfriends would have no idea, as she didn't start showing off with me until we had been going together for almost a year and had been in a serious relationship for all of that time.
Apartment Adventures
When I met Wendy, I was still living in the apartment where I lived when I was in graduate school. I stayed there as the rent was relatively low, it was close to the university entertainment district and it was close to the downtown area of the city where I worked. I had landed a well paying job, out of school and was putting money aside for the day I wanted to buy a house in the suburbs.
Wendy is 5' 6" with light brown hair and light brown pubic hair. This was in the days before women shaved, or waxed bare or to a landing strip, so she had a full bush that she kept trimmed during the summers for her bikinis. She has 34 C breasts with a nice tear drop shape. Her nipples and aureola are small and pink. She is pretty with wholesome "girl next door" looks. A girl a guy would be proud to take home to meet his parents.
My apartment was a third floor walk up. The front door, seldom used, opened into a hallway with three other apartments on the third floor. The stairway went down to a lobby that opened onto a busy street. The doors were double doors, mostly of glass. From the street and sidewalk, about 10' away, the lobby was fully visible. The apartment mailboxes were in the lobby directly in front of the double glass doors.
Across the street from the apartment was a music club, a bar/restaurant and a small grocery store directly across the street. The grocery store was later turned into another restaurant. Farther down the street was another bar/restaurant, a soda shop/restaurant, a pizza parlor and several other businesses. It was a busy district with lots of auto and pedestrian traffic in front of the building.
The back door from the kitchen opened onto a covered porch, and the exterior back steps going down to the parking lot. If one has seen photographs of tenements in Chicago with the exposed exterior back stairs that doubled as fire escapes, that is exactly what my apartment house looked like from the parking lot. An alley runs next to the building into the busy street in front of the apartment.
When Wendy would come to visit, she would come up the rear steps from the parking lot and to the back door at the kitchen. The kitchen window and the window in the door really had no coverings. There were frilly things for decoration, but they afforded no privacy from the outside.
The windows in my kitchen and living room looked into the apartment building next door, about 40' away. As I was almost always wearing something when in those rooms at night, I never closed the curtains in my living room. After she came along, neither did she, even though she was frequently naked in those rooms after dark. Just didn't seem to bother her that the neighbors could see her naked.
Although I have written this as if she immediately started going naked in the kitchen and living room after dark, it probably took her 9 months or so before she started doing it. After a few weeks of her going naked after dark in those rooms, I realized she actually enjoyed it.
After we had been going together for awhile, she started staying over on the weekends. She would come over on Friday evenings and often leave from my apartment for work on Monday mornings. She would also visit me some during the week nights.
One Friday evening about 6:00 pm (after dark), she knocked on my door. We had been going together about 9 months to a year at this point. When I went to the door to let her in, she was standing there stark naked with just a small bag that only contained toiletries and make up. I was shocked, probably for the first time in our relationship. As I let her in, I asked her where her key to my apartment was. She said, "It's on my dresser at home; I didn't have a spare pocket to put it in."
When she got in the apartment, she promptly put her arms around me and kissed me. She said, "I'm so horny, I can't stand it."
I told her I had just gotten home from the office and needed to shower first. That was OK with her. She wanted to know if I had gotten the card in the mail she had sent me the day before. I told her I didn't know as I hadn't yet checked the mail. It was still registering on me that she had left her apartment naked, driven over naked, walked across the parking lot and up to my apartment all while stark naked.
She said, "I'll get the mail while you are showering."
"But you can't go down there; you're naked."
It then seemed to register on her that she had no clothes on, or with her. She went into the bedroom, grabbed my blue chambray work shirt, put it on and said, "How's this?"
"But you haven't even buttoned it up." I replied.
"So what, I'm just going down to get the mail."
And off she went, with the shirt flapping open and all of her female assets on display. In the future this is the way she would dress to get my mail. She wouldn't bother with buttoning it. There was a lot of traffic in front of my apartment building looking into the lobby where the mailboxes are. Wendy was getting braver and was finding her exhibitionist sea legs.
That particular shirt, when buttoned, barely covered all of her butt in the rear; it covered all of her pubic hair and her labia in the front. It was like an extremely short micro mini dress that wouldn't even be suitable for a dark nightclub.
The card she had sent me was in the mail. After I had opened it and commented how nice it was, she said, I'm really hungry; can we go out and get something to eat before we have some fun? I'm actually hungry enough it would interfere with my enjoyment of sex."
Again I told her we couldn't go out as she had no clothes.
She said, "Well, I have this." as she tugged on the chambray shirt. "I'll even button it up." Wow, what a concession.
"No, Wendy, we can't go to any restaurant with you dressed that way."
"Why couldn't we get some carry out; we wouldn't be in the restaurant very long?"
"You don't understand, Wendy, you aren't going in any restaurant dressed like that, even for two minutes, at least not while you are with me."
She mulled that over, and said, "OK, we'll just do drive through." That seemed a reasonable compromise, so off we went. Wendy, wearing only the buttoned chambray work shirt, walking down the steps and to my car, which fortunately was parked only about 25' from the bottom of the steps. It had been dark for awhile, so at least there was that.
When Wendy sat on the seat, three wasn't enough of the shirt to sit on, so her bare butt was on the seat. She could keep her pubic hair covered if she wanted. On the way to the restaurant she was teasing me by pulling the bottom of the shirt up to expose her bush.
When we got to the drive through, there was a guy inside handing out the orders. I looked over at Wendy and saw a devilish smile on her face. I looked down and saw she had the shirt pulled up to expose some of her pubic hair. It was too late to make her cover herself as he was already handing me the boxes.
Fortunately, we had an uneventful ride back to the apartment, except that Wendy unbuttoned the bottom 2 or 3 buttons on the shirt. This gave her the ability to easily show me all of her bush and labia as she was sitting in the car. Unfortunately my parking spot was no longer available, and we had to park a long way from the stairs next to the alley.
I noticed a guy walking down the alley from the rear of the car (when there is a half naked girl in your car, you notice everybody). When he got directly opposite the car on the passenger's side, Wendy opened the door, put one foot on the ground, reached back inside the car to get one of the boxes with her other foot inside the car. So there she was, essentially naked from the waist down, with her legs spread and a stranger not 10' away. Although it was dark out, the alley and the parking lot are well lit, so if he happened to look, he got to see it all. I later asked Wendy if he had looked, and she said, "Oh he looked alright, a nice long look. I certainly hope he didn't see anything." Yeah right.
We got upstairs with no further problems and had our dinner. After my shower we went to bed. I felt her pussy and it was soaking wet. Wendy said, "Yep, it has been an exciting evening." She was especially active in bed that night. I was to find that when she exhibited herself, it made her extra horny, and when she was horny, she liked to exhibit herself. With Wendy, it was an arousing cycle. When she exhibited herself, she became more sexually aggressive. Her exhibitionism seemed to trigger something in her brain that got her motor running.
The next morning we awakened, and Wendy said, "Well, what are we going to do today?"
"I have no idea as you have no clothes."
"I know what my obvious choice is!" She was still turned on from the night before.
That morning I realized she was going to have to get back home on Sunday, and she had no clothes. When I asked her about it, she said, "That's still a long time off. I will worry about that when the time comes. I will probably get home the same way I got here and do it after dark." A brave girl.
As Wendy was naked in the apartment some of the time, she would have to put something on when a friends of mine would come over. Her clothing of choice was my blue chambray work shirt, of course. She would go to the door wearing only that and let them in.
When I would get on to her about it, she just didn't see the problem. "If I keep it buttoned, which I do, and keep it pulled down, which I do, they really can't see anything. Even when I am sitting on the couch, if I keep my legs together and keep it pulled down to cover my pubic hair, they can't see anything except my bare feet and a lot of leg." She had a point, so I quit getting on to her about it.
As far as I know, the guys never got to see any of her girl bits. True to her word, she kept herself covered when my friends were over for brief visits. She didn't want them to see anything either, as she had her reputation to protect. This only happened a few times with one or two of my friends, so it isn't as if it were a frequent occurrence.
I later found out Wendy had been pranking me about coming over naked and not having any clothes with her. She had left her apartment wearing a shift. When she got to my apartment door, she had taken it off and tossed it behind a small table I had in the corner of the porch/landing that we used for outside socializing. It only appeared that she had been naked leaving her apartment, driving over and walking across the parking lot and up my stairs. When I told her she really had me going, she said, "I may be brave, but I'm not that brave, nor am I stupid."
Wendy's Last Apartment Adventure
Although there are other Wendy adventures during my time in the apartment, which I will get to later in this post, while I am on the topic of the apartment, I thought this would be a good time to tell about her last escapade while I was still at my old apartment.
The university area my apartment was in is a multinational area, partly because of the university and partly because of a large medical community. Directly below me were two or three young Indian students who had moved in at some point after the time Wendy started coming over.
Evidently they hadn't been in the country very long as they were absolutely fascinated by American women in general and specifically by Wendy. Wendy had to be more careful about her modesty after they moved in.
When they heard footsteps on the stairs, they would crowd around the window to see who was coming up the stairs. If it was Wendy, they would then wait for her to get to their landing and start the steps up to my landing. If Wendy was wearing a skirt, they had a very good view up her skirt of her rear on the steps a little above them and of her front side as she switched directions on the stairs. The stairs were open so there was nothing to block their view. Their living room window was right next to the stairs, so all they had to do was look out and up.
Wendy felt this was an invasion of her privacy as she had not consented to them looking up her skirts or dresses. It didn't much bother me as all they could see was a lot of leg and her panties. She now made it a point to always wear panties when she wore a skirt or a dress to come to my apartment. Most of the time she wore jeans or shorts, so to me it was a non issue.
Wendy liked to wear my chambray shirt with jeans or shorts when we went out on informal occasions. She has attractive legs, so she would opt for shorts in nice weather. One of her favorite tricks was to tease me by taking off her shorts or jeans in the car, and sitting there bottomless as we drove back to my apartment. Of course she wasn't content to just sit there, but would turn to face me, pull the shirt up and part her legs. If she had taken her shorts off in the car, she would leave them off as we walked from the parking lot to my apartment. This seemed to get her little motor running. When she was walking from the car to the apartment, the shirt would almost always have the bottom buttons fully buttoned.
After the Indian students moved in, she no longer felt comfortable doing this as they would see the her bare butt and the rear shot of her labia on the first part of the stairs going up, after the landing on their level, and the front side of her bush and her labia on the second part of the stairs. We never knew when they were in the apartment. Sometimes the lights would be on in all three of the rooms that faced the parking lot, and sometimes not. Sometimes only the lights in the bedroom would be on, or only the kitchen.
When they heard the footsteps on the stairs, the lights in the living room, if on, would be turned off, and they would go to the window. Sometimes we could see their faces, and sometimes not. Wendy just didn't like any part of it. As it turned out, what she didn't like was the lack of control over the whole situation, and the fact that she felt as if she were an animal in a zoo.
I was in the process of moving out of my apartment. On the last night Wendy would be there, we went out to get something for dinner and had some beer as all of the work had already been done. On the way back to the apartment, Wendy was getting frisky in the car and took off her jeans. Then she became quiet. This was usually a sign she was plotting something.
As we pulled into the parking lot, I was expecting her to put her jeans back on, but she made no move to do so. She got out of the car, and said, "I'm going to let those guys see what they have been wanting to see since they moved in." She started walking toward the stairs. Thankfully, we had a parking spot that was close to the stairs. I could see her hands move to the bottom of the shirt, and the way it became wider on the sides, I knew she had unbuttoned several buttons. She was ahead of me, and was saying something back to me as we walked. She later told me she was talking to alert the guys that she was on her way up the stairs.
As she started up the stairs, I could see she had unbuttoned all the buttons and tied the front tails of the shirt together at the waist, just above her navel. She was naked from the waist down. Her breasts were mostly visible, except for the nipples and the aureola.
She took her time climbing the first 5 or 6 steps, letting anyone in the apartment know she was on the way. At the small landing, level with their window, she paused briefly, looked down at me and said something. Again she was giving verbal signals that she was there. Also she was giving them a view of her nakedness before she started the climb up the stairs that would put her above them and give them a view of her femininity from a different angle. Wendy was giving an erotic performance.
She started up the steps that put her slightly above them. What a view she was giving of her beautiful bare ass and the rear view of her labia. She was un-hurried and sensual as she climbed the steps. Then she came to the next small landing and started up the opposite way, facing their window. Her pubic hair and labia were fully exposed. All I could do was stand there in awe of my girlfriend, her beautiful body and the ease with which she exhibited it.
When I came in the apartment 30 seconds behind her, she was excited at what she had done. Her words tumbled out as she had told me how she had planned it and how she had executed it without a hitch.
I said, "But Wendy, I didn't think you wanted them to see up your skirts, even wearing panties, and here you are baring all for them to see."
Her response made sense, "I didn't like the way they were doing it; it was like I was a trained monkey in a zoo. I would walk up the steps, and they would watch. I could do nothing about it. This way it was on my terms. I showed them what I wanted them to see. I went out on my terms." And boy did she.
While this story is about the last night we were in the apartment, there are other stories that happened while I was still living at the apartment.
The Laundromat
About two miles from my apartment was a laundromat where we would do our laundry. She would bring hers from her apartment, and we would do that chore together, making it more fun. The road it was on was a major thoroughfare going into downtown. The laundromat had large storefront windows in the front and was bright inside with fluorescent lighting. When we got there on this particular night, the laundromat was empty, and there were multiple empty washers and dryers available. As was her custom, as well as mine, she would get one washer for light colored clothes and one for dark clothes.
She first filled her dark clothes' washer and then put her light clothes in the second washer. She paused a minute as if thinking about something, and took off her blouse and then her jeans. I'm thinking WTF? Facing the wall, she placed these items on top of an unused washer. She was wearing a bra and panties, which I felt was odd as she seldom did when she was with me. Then, she turned facing me and the windows, smiled and took off her bra and then her panties. She stood there naked, facing me with them in her hand and a smile on her face. She said, "Well, I guess these need washing too." She turned, put the items in the washer, retrieved her shirt and jeans from the top of the closed washer and turned toward me again. Only then did she get dressed, facing me and the windows.
I was praying that no one would walk in. It was dark outside and very bright inside, and anyone walking by, or driving by, got a good view of Wendy's very naked body.
I later determined the only reason she wore a bra and panties that night was to give her a reason to strip naked and put her underwear in the wash. Would she have done that if other people had been in the laundromat? I don't know, but I doubt it. We weren't married yet, and she needed to be relatively conservative in her activities so she wouldn't scare me off. By this time I was becoming used to her antics, and was beginning to enjoy them. I just didn't want my friends or family to find out about the other side of her life.
NYC Trip
We had planned a trip to NYC to see a concert and visit with friends in the City. We also wanted to visit some friends in the Baltimore area while were up that way, so we decided to drive.
When I went to her apartment to pick her up, she was wearing a dress that buttoned up the front with maybe 6 or 7 buttons. I thought that odd as she seldom wore dresses, and especially not on a road trip. When I asked her why she was wearing a dress, she said, "I'm not wearing anything under it."
"OK, but that doesn't answer my question of why?" I responded.
"You'll find out," she replied. Uh oh. I knew she had hatched some type of plan, and I was going to be right in the middle of it.
When we cleared the urban traffic and were on the interstate, She let me know her plan: "I intend to unbutton one button for every hour we are on the road. Once a button is unbuttoned, it may not be buttoned again."
I wasn't sure how I felt about this, but decided to play along. She noted the time and said, "In one hour I'll unbutton the first button." I thought, OK, let's see how far she will take this. I shouldn't have doubted her resolve.
When the first hour came, she, true to her word, unbuttoned the first button. Not too bad, nor were the next two buttons, but by now her breasts were visible if she leaned forward.
We stopped for gas, and she got out to go to the restrooms. As she walked, I noticed how thin and clingy the dress material was. It clung to her well shaped butt and her breasts. As she bent over the drink box looking for a soda, I noticed that with the right angle, her bare breasts were visible.
We hit the road again, and by the time she was unbuttoned to her waist, she was beginning to get interested in the game. Although she was reading a book, she was looking over at me on a regular basis and checking the traffic. As there wasn't much holding the dress together, it would occasionally gape open exposing her breasts when she shifted her position.
I saw her look at the clock and start to go for another button. I told her we would be making another gas stop in a few minutes, and she might want to hold off until we got back on the road. Her response? "A rule is a rule," and she unbuttoned it. Well, she only had one more button until it would be completely undone. But at this point it might as well be that way.
She got out of the car, holding her dress together, and went to the rest room. I was pumping the gas when she came out of the restroom holding her dress together. She saw me watching her, gave one of her wicked little smiles and let the dress go without regard to who might be in the parking lot. Fortunately the last button kept her from being fully exposed and somewhat protected her modesty. One of her breasts was bare and jiggling as she walked to the car. I did notice her hurry her step a bit, which made her breasts jiggle a little more. I think that bit of exhibitionism made her a little nervous. It made me a lot nervous.
When she got back in the car, she said, "Wow, what a rush!" I moved the car away from the pump and went to the restroom. When I came back she was sitting in the car with one of her breasts bare and not a care in the world. Now, I should mention that the parking lot was mostly empty, but still, there she sat, with her bare breast, for anyone to see who drove or walked by.
I knew that in less than one hour the last button would be undone. Had no idea what she had planned after that. As we drove on the interstate, either one or both of her breasts would be exposed, depending on her position.
Finally the appointed hour was on us. Without ceremony, she undid the final button, spread her dress wide, and said, "Wow, I thought that would never get here." She turned toward me in the seat, and said, "Like the view?" She was essentially naked as she had pulled the sides of the dress apart and away from her body. Her pink little nipples were rock hard, her light brown pubic hair was glowing in the sun, and her labia were clearly visible under her trimmed bush. I was totally turned on and had trouble focusing on my driving.
After she was through toying with me she told me she was going back to her reading and wanted me to keep an eye out for truckers, as she would hate for them to see her naked. Ha! A bunch of them had already gone by in the opposite direction, and she had made no move to cover herself. Her inner labia and her clitoral hood were peeking out from her outer labia, and they were an obvious bright red and glistening. I wondered how long they had been like that.
She was leaned against the passenger door facing me with one foot on the seat against the back of the seat and the other on the floorboard. She was giving a good spread view to anyone in the opposite lanes of travel. Probably only truckers would be high enough to see in the car, though. She wasn't brave enough to hold this position the entire time and would go back to a more modest position, only occasionally going to the full spread for a few minutes.
The truckers would blow their air horns in appreciation of the view. She would hear the air horn and comment that I had forgotten to tell her to cover up, but it was OK, as, "I think they like me." Plus they had their CB radios to alert other truckers to the view, so they were all looking for my car with the naked girl inside.
We finally got to the hotel about dark. Wendy thought it best that she not go with me to check in. I thought that an excellent idea. A good thing as the first person I ran into was a guy I knew from my neighborhood when I was a kid growing up, and with whom I had gone to school.
I don't remember what we did for dinner that night or even if Wendy wore her unbuttoned dress, but I doubt it. That dress had served its purpose. I don't think she ever wore it again. But I do remember the sex. Wendy had a huge and extended orgasm, brought about by her day long arousal session.
The motto for Virginia used to be (and may still be), "Virginia Is For Lovers." As we were leaving the state the next morning for Baltimore, we passed one of those signs. She smiled and said very softly and lovingly, with her head on my shoulder, "Virginia truly is for lovers." And we were in love.
We spent a night in Baltimore with friends, then off for the final leg to NYC.
The City
We arrived in Manhattan in late afternoon. We were visiting a friend of ours from graduate school (she had transferred to NYU because of a personal situation) and her physician boyfriend, Chip, who was doing his residency in NYC. Their apartment was small but comfortable. The living room was a nice size with a small kitchen and a very small loft bedroom, just off the living room that our hosts shared. The living room had large windows that looked out over a courtyard and other apartments just across the way. For the winter, Chip had put up a clear sheet of plastic over the windows to help insulate against the cold. Even though the winter was mostly over, the plastic was still up. As it turned out, it was a good thing. I don't remember if there were any curtains for the windows, but if so, they were never closed.
For sleeping we had a small mattress on the floor in the living room. There was a sofa in the living room with the end facing the windows. Evidently Wendy had been plotting how she was going to seduce me in the close quarters of the apartment, because as soon as our friends went to bed, she stripped off naked and smiled at me. She took me by the hand and led me to the couch where she took off my clothes and went down on me. When she got me suitably aroused, she got on top and impaled herself on me with her rear facing the windows. One lamp was still on.
I asked about performing with all of those people potentially watching. Her comment was that the plastic would blur all of the detail, and no one watching would see much of anything. She may have been right.
I was very aware that anyone watching was getting a free live sex show, even though blurred. I found it distracting. Wendy had been naked for about 20 minutes when she impaled herself on me, so there was plenty of time to draw an audience. She was very much aware of our potential audience as she wanted to have her business end facing the windows.
This performance had her so aroused it didn't take her long to cum. I think she tried to put it off as long as possible so she could prolong the enjoyment of her performance. After maybe 10 minutes, she let go and had a huge orgasm. I wasn't far behind her. I don't know that we discussed our performance, but I do know it was quite the turn on for her as she was still horny the next morning.
That night we slept naked on the mattress on the floor under sheets and a blanket. We awakened before our friends; we got up, brushed our teeth and went back to bed. We were fooling around under the covers holding and loving each other. We both got very aroused. Of course the events of the trip to Baltimore and the sex the night before were still fresh in her little mind. That got her motor running again.
While facing me, she lifted her left leg up so I could make penetration. She was extremely wet, and I slid right in. We were slowly and gently making love on our sides with her left leg over my right leg when Chip walked into the living room. He stood and talked to us for a minute. Wendy whispered, "Don't pull out." So there we were joined under the blanket while talking with Chip.
He went to the kitchen to make coffee, and that's when that bad Wendy had her orgasm! It was, by necessity, a quiet one. She was totally turned on by having sex under the covers while Chip was in the kitchen and was talking to us. I think I was too distracted with him in the next room to get off. Chip, of course, knew what was going on. He later told me that's why he only talked to us for a minute before going to the kitchen. The kitchen had a large pass through window for serving that opened in the living room, so Wendy didn't have much privacy when she had her orgasm. She was so aroused I doubt she had much control over when she had it. At least she kept it quiet so Chip didn't hear her moans.
That's all I remember about that trip, except for the concert, which was also great. Chip and I hung out in the City doing music stuff that first full day, and Wendy and our female friend did something together as well.
This is the first time I have discussed Wendy's escapades on that trip. Neither of us want our family or friends to know her secret hobby. No one would ever think she had another side to her life.
I think the next story will be about Wendy's first trip to a nude beach and our 2nd wedding anniversary. I had a request from a reader to do a story about her and the nude beach. Have no idea how he knew she had been to one. I guess with her activities on the beach at the lake, he had a pretty good idea of her proclivity to get naked in public. A nude beach experience would be a natural extension of her antics at the lake. Yes, she has had nude beach experiences, lots of them. I will tell about her first in the next part.