The weather had been hot and humidity high. No matter what I did my skin felt clammy and I lacked the energy to do anything, but this heat also managed to turn me on.
I needed to get out and pick up some essentials for the house. Some groceries and maybe a bag of ice.
I grabbed a thin white tank top and pulled it on. Struggling to against my skin that is glistening with sweat, pulling it over my breasts. The fabric pulled against the swell of my tits, the darker skin of my areola just visible through the thin fabric. Feeling naughty I grabbed my new skater skirt, short and pleated it stopped near the top of my thigh. Being only a thin cotton I knew any gust of wind would blow it up, not that there is much chance of that in this heat. I reached up under my skirt and pulled my underwear down, stepping out of them. The thought of someone see my ass or pussy on a stroll to the shops made my pussy tingle. Might as well have some fun in this heat! I slipped on some sandals grabbed my handbag and skipped out of the house.
I took my time walking to the shop but the streets were deserted. It was two hot even for kids to play in the street. So I walked through the door of the local shop. The shop was air conditioned. The sudden wall of cool air hit my body, my nipples immediately pushing through the fabric of my tank top. I noticed the man behind the counter reading a magazine, he didn't even look up as I entered.
"Afternoon" I chirped happily "been busy?"
"You're the first person I've seen all day!" He grunted. Still not looking up from his reading. Maybe I should see if I can catch is attention I thought to myself. Walking up the aisle directly in front of him slowly, swinging my hips from side to side. Glancing back over my shoulder I could see he STILL wasn't looking. To my side I saw a hand full of tinned sweet corn. I grabbed the bottom tin, pulling it violently, as 4 or 5 tins came crashing down.
"I'm so sorry!" I pleaded looking back at him, finally catching his eye line "I will pick them up right away" with that I slowly bent at the waist. I could feel the hem of my skirt slid up my leg and over the curve of my bum, the cool air kissing my moist pussy lips. I slowly picked the tins up, then straightening up to put them back on the shelf. Glancing over my shoulder to see his eyes fixated on my rear. With a little smile I slowly wandered around the rest of the shop.
As I hit the fresh food department I rummaged through a box of loose carrots, finding one that I knew could be loads of fun for me later. Feeling the eyes of the shop boy on my body was really turning me on and making me feel really horny. The carrot I had found wasn't particularly long but was really wide. Holding it in my hand I couldn't even wrap my hand all the way around it. This is going to be lots of fun. Now I had found myself some fun I decided to get some ice and go home. Leaning into the big chest freezer to grab a bag of ice I could feel eyes on me, I glanced over to see the shop boy 'pretend' to fix some shelves. I decided to reach further fully exposing myself, spreading my legs to allow him a better view. After a moment or two I lifted the bag of ice, hugging it to my chest.
I walked towards the counter, thee cold ice turning my nipples into bullets, poking hard through my tank top. The shop boy ran ahead of me reaching the counter just before me. I placed down the carrot and the bag of ice. "Did you find everything you wanted?" He politely asked. His eyes fixated on the wet mark left on my top by the ice, my nipples and areola now no longer hidden to him.
"Yes I did thank you!" I purred, crossing my arms beneath my tits, squeezing them together to show an impressive cleavage.
"That will be 2.36"
I lifted up my handbag and opened it to get my purse. But it wasn't there, I had left it at home. "Well this is embarrassing... I don't have any money".
"No money?"
"No I left it at home"
"Maybe we can work something out."
"Work something out?"
"Maybe you could tell me what you planned to do with that carrot? It's odd to buy just one!"
"I was going to ram it in my pussy!"
"Really?...mmmmh I would love to see that!" With that he walked from around the counter, my heart started to pound as he walked towards me, but he went past me, walking to the door. As he approached the door he turned the lock and switched the sign to closed. He turned around and walked towards me "maybe you should show me" my heart started to pound in my chest.
With his face in front of mine he reached behind me, pushing my body against the counter. "You're going to need this" he whispered holding the carrot in front of my face. "Hop on the counter" with that he lifted me on to the counter, pushing my knees apart, my pussy now totally exposed. "Let's see those juicy tits too!" Pushing my tank top up my tits were exposed to the air, he took the time to gently caress them, lightly rolling my nipples between his fingers. Tingles ran down my body, reaching my pussy making it wetter than it already was. "Now let me see you fuck that pussy of yours." He ordered as he stepped away. Staring hi straight in the eyes I took the carrot, bringing get it to my face and lightly licking the end with the tip of my tongue. Slowly I began to run it down my body. First through the valley between my breasts, tracing a line down to my belly button finally finding its way to my opening. Slowly I rubbed the end up and down my slit. Lubricating it's end before flicking it up past my clit. Finally moving back down to my opening, slowly pushing it in, inch by inch slowly going in then out, then back in a little more until it was almost all the way in. I started to lean back on my hand as I slowly thrust the wide girth of the carrot inside my pussy. The shop guys eyes fully fixated on my pussy enveloping the carrot.
"Hey baby you want some help with that?"
"Mmmm hmmmmm" I nodded, biting my bottom lip. He stepped towards me, grabbing the end of the carrot, sliding it slowly in and out of my pussy. Pulling so far back it was almost out of me before thrusting it back into me. I grunted in pleasure, my arm giving way below me and laying back across the counter. I lift my leg, resting my foot on the counters edge next to my ass cheek, before following with the other, opening me up for him to have better access.
"While don't you play with that clit, I want to see your pussy juices run over my counter when you come for me like a little slut!"
I looked at him directly with my hand, with a mind of its own, finding its way to my clit where I started working it furiously. The rough feeling of the carrot rubbing against the walls of my vagina was driving me wild. With my orgasm starting to build I dropped my head back, giving in to the sensations taking over my body.
"Harder... I need it harder"
"You want this carrot to fuck you hard?"
"Yes!" And with that he started to speed up the carrot, pushing it further and further inside me. Pounding hard inside me. My orgasm built hard and fast inside me and I suddenly felt wave after wave of pleasure coursing through my body. The walls of my pussy clamping hard on the hard orange member inside me. Screams of pleasure escaped my lips as my hips bucked against his control and I felt my juices flow out of me, running down past my but hole and onto the counter. Soon as my orgasm subsided I found myself laying across the counter, my legs hanging over the edge, the carrot still wedged inside me. I slowly pushed myself up, staring down at my spread pussy lips still wrapped around that orange object. I slowly pulled it out, as it left I felt empty, the carrot slick with my juices. I looked at the shop guy who was still staring at me, but I could see an obvious erection in his shorts. I hopped off the counter, my legs feeling a little weak. Straightening my clothes I walked over to the shop guy,thrusting the carrot into his chest. "A little momento for you to remember me by" he grabbed it with his right hand as I started to walk towards the door, as I unlocked the door I heard him shout to me
"Thank you, come again soon!"
Maybe I will!