This is happening. This is working.
I'm lying on my bed, watching the bids roll in,
the dollar amounts stretching higher before my eyes. I am so glad that my housemate isn't home right now, because I deﬁnitely don't want anyone to catch me doing this. Especially considering what I'm wearing.
I've always been a good girl, the type to wear sports bras and panties that cover me up, no-nonsense cotton in ﬂat, plain colors. But right now? I'm wearing lingerie. With lace and cute little bows and everything. I can only imagine how enraged and offended my parents would be if they found out. I gently squeeze my breasts through the fabric of my brand new, baby-pink push-up bra. There's a tiny white bow in between my full breasts, and I think maybe that's there to indicate that my tits are a gift. Or a prize of some kind. I have never thought much about my breasts, to be perfectly honest. The way I was raised, I never thought my physical appearance had much value. I take care of myself, of course,
but I've always been so modest and demure.
Heck, even when I strip down to take a shower, I try not to look at my own reﬂection, just in case I get dirty thoughts about my own naked body! I have never touched myself down there before. I don't even know what it would feel like. I've been tempted from time to time in the past, when I watched a movie with an especially cute leading man or something. But I always stopped myself before I could do something really, truly sinful.
Which is why it's so dirty what I'm doing right now. One of my hands trails down my body, over my full, soft breasts, my taut stomach and curvaceous hips, down to the little mound between my legs. I hold my breath nervously as I cup my pussy. I have never put anything here, not even my own hand, until now. Even in the privacy of my own bedroom here, in my college town away from home, I feel like someone might walk in on me and tattle-tale to my parents about what a dirty little slut I am. But who cares what they think anyway? It feels good, rubbing my sensitive clit through the lacy fabric of my panties. They match my bra almost perfectly, the same shade of ballerina-pink with tiny white bows. It feels like this lingerie was made for me. It's almost like my mysterious suitors can read my mind. I wonder if they know me in real life. Maybe we've already met somewhere before, and I just can't remember their faces or names...
I rub my clit slowly, breathing deeply as I fondle my
breasts. Every time my ﬁngers pass over my nipple, it sends a little spiral of pleasure down through my body. I can't believe I'm actually doing this: it's so sinful. I grew up afraid to even look at boys, for fear that small act would give me impure thoughts. My parents always taught me that the most valuable asset I can offer the world is my purity. My innocence. I have been lectured since day one about how I have to guard my virginity. I have only this one special gift to give, and once I give it away, I can never get it back. That's what Mom and Daddy taught me, anyway.
I close my eyes and imagine what my two guys must look like. There are have been many bidders, but those two stand out above the rest. I bet they're both a little bit older, more distinguished. Mature. Responsible. I mean, they'd have to be, since they have so much disposable income to throw around, right? When I put my virginity up for auction in an ad on MyCampusList, my college's secret website for buying, selling, and meeting up with people, I never expected to get more than a couple hits. I did it out of desperation, thinking maybe I could eke out a few bucks to throw into the massive black hole of debt I'm about to incur.
You see, I've never had to worry much about money. My parents never let me have a job in high school. When they sent me here to Marysvale College, a private university, they were paying my tuition. That is, until they found out that I recently attended one little frat party that got out of hand. I wasn't even misbehaving, though. I'm underage, so I didn't have a single drop of alcohol. I chatted with some classmates, but I didn't do any dirty dancing or heavy petting. I was a good girl. Like always.
But they don't believe me. My parents are convinced I'm a party-crazed, ﬁlthy little slut now. So they cut me off. I took up a job as a barista, but I'm hardly making enough money to pay my rent and bills, much less the tuition for a private college. My parents always warned me to maintain my purity.
But you know what? Screw them. Because I need money, and fast. If my virginity is truly so valuable, then it should be worth some decent cash, too, right?
Luckily, the bidders on my online auction seem to agree with me on that. In fact, two of them have been sending me gifts to try and woo me, even outside of the bidding war itself. All I know are their usernames: ATurner97 and SaulHackzxx. That's what they go by on MyCampusList, and those are the names on the gifts I've been receiving. So far, they have sent me cute lingerie and shoes in my exact size, thigh-high stockings, expensive perfumes and makeup, ﬂowers, teddy bears, even gift cards to fancy restaurants in town. I guess they want me to know they have the money to spend on me. One of them sent me this bra, and the other sent me these panties.
I think about my two mystery men while I touch myself, rolling my hips and sighing with pleasure as the tension builds up inside of me. I bite my lip to keep from moaning, afraid that my next-door neighbors will hear me. But when I ﬁnally cum, I can't help but cry out, gasping for air.
"Oh my gosh!" I whimper, feeling my pussy convulse with waves of indescribable pleasure. "Is that what it feels like?" I gasp, totally shocked. I lie there, breathing hard, staring up at the ceiling while my body comes down from the high. I never knew that an orgasm could feel like that. I assumed everyone was exaggerating about how good it feels. But oh my goodness, they were all so right!
Suddenly, I can't believe how crazy it is that I have waited so long. I've wasted so many years trying to be a good girl, avoiding this amazing, natural pleasure all this time. And for what? I have lost countless boyfriends who got tired of waiting. I never even kissed any of them. To think, all these years, I've been hiding from true pleasure, just because my parents say it's wrong. Something this fantastic simply cannot be wrong.
I sit up and look at the webpage. In an hour, the time limit on the auction will run out, and the winner will be selected. Whoever bids the most money will win the prize: my innocence. It feels so dirty and sexy that I can feel myself getting turned on all over again. Especially when I think to myself, well, if touching my own pussy felt that good, how much more amazing will it feel to have someone else touch me down there?
I can hardly wait to ﬁnd out who will win. But I'm feeling antsy waiting around here, so I hop out of bed, shower off, get dressed in my usual modest long skirt and long-sleeved shirt, and pack up my stuff. I sling my backpack over my shoulder and make my way across campus to the courtyard. It's my favorite place to sit and study, in the sunshine and fresh air. I set up my laptop and blanket under a big tree. I curl up with my laptop, leaning back against the gnarled trunk, watching the people pass by as the minutes tick away on the auction.
So many hot guys walk past me, some of them turning to smile at me. I demurely tuck a ringlet of my auburn hair behind my ear and bite my lip, looking away. I can feel my cheeks blushing pink, just from their attention. It doesn't take much to ﬂuster me. I've never even had a long conversation with a boy. I tend to steer clear of them. Even the boys I dated in high school learned quickly to keep their hands to themselves. We went on chaperoned dates at diners and movies, with at least one strict parent sitting right next to us, watching our hands like a hawk. No touching. No overt ﬂirting. Even the few times I sneaked out to meet up with a boy, I never let him touch me. My shame and fear went that deep.
But not anymore. Now that I'm on my own, now that I've felt what an orgasm feels like, all I want to do is sleep with every guy I see. I wonder if any of them are the bidders in my auction. It turns me on to think that any one of these young men could be my potential ﬁrst time. I look down at the screen and my heart skips a beat: there's only twenty seconds left!
The number has picked up, but the two remaining bidders keep punching the number incrementally higher, trying to outdo each other. I hold my breath as the countdown comes to an end. The screen reloads... to reveal that it's a tie! Both guys have bid the exact same amount in the last second! I cover my mouth in surprise, not sure what to do. I scroll down to see a conversation happening between ATurner97 and SaulHackzxx in the comments. My two winners, discussing how to handle the situation. How to handle me.
I watch as they come to a conclusion: that both men will meet up with me. Both men will compete with each other, in person, to see who gets to take my virginity. I will be blindfolded, not knowing who is who, and they will each do their best to give me pleasure and make me cum. Whoever wins, gets the prize: my virginity. I can't believe how civil they are, both of them discussing my virginity so pragmatically, like it's just a simple little commodity. And yet, they seem to show a level of respect toward me that I never would have guessed. I'm starting to think that all those years of my parents warning me about how evil and dangerous boys are, they were ﬂat-out lying to me! They always made boys sound so treacherous, but if this is what they're like, then what's the problem?
Smiling excitedly, I post a comment in response to them:
Hi boys! Congratulations on being the winners. I agree to your deal. How about we all three meet at the Saguaro Motel out on Highway 89 on Friday night at 8 PM? I will provide the blindfold, myself. ; )
I click 'send' and wait impatiently for them to respond. I let out a little squeal of delight when they both agree to my plan. It's really happening!
t's Friday night, and my stomach is a-ﬂutter with butterﬂies. I'm so nervous and excited I have hardly been able to sleep, just lying awake at night,
imagining what is in store for me when I ﬁnally meet up with my two mystery guys. I can't wait to see what they look like, what they sound like. Of course, I won't get to know what they look like at ﬁrst. You know, with the whole blindfold thing.
That makes me a little nervous as I drive out away from town, rolling down the dusty desert highway toward the Saguaro Motel. Admittedly, it's kind of a shady place, I suppose. I know it from whispers of gossip, about how it's known as a honeymooning spot for couples who just had shotgun weddings. It's the kind of pastel-pink and turquoise desert oasis that is clean and safe, but hasn't been upgraded or redecorated since the early '90s. None of that bothers me much, though, as I walk up to the front desk and ask for a room. What matters to me, the reason why I selected this motel in particular, is that it's out of town. Away from campus. Away from any potentially prying eyes, people who could judge me in whispers. Even though I'm partly doing this to stick it to my conservative, uptight parents, I still don't exactly want them to ﬁnd out. Not yet, anyway. If I ever tell them-- and that's a big if-- it'll be on my terms. Not because some snobby, nosy busybody decides to tell them for me.
I know for a fact my parents have little spies on campus.
Heck, that's how they found out that I went to that frat party a few weekends ago! Someone must have been watching me, and tattletaling back to my parents in the small town where they still live. The last thing I need is another scandal that will send ripples of rumors and judgement through my hometown. Although, the longer I spend at Marysvale, the less I ever want to return to my hometown. I prefer being a face in a crowd, the anonymity of campus. I feel like a grown-up, ﬁnally, and not just some innocent little girl being led around by her mommy and daddy.
I check into my hotel room and post the room number to the MyCampusList page for my auction, commenting in the posts below. I wait for a response, and it comes moments later. My two mystery guys will be here soon.
"Oh goodness," I gasp, feeling the jitters all over again. I hurriedly rush to put on the sexy, lacy baby pink lingerie my two winning bidders sent me. I rush into the bathroom to put some ﬁnishing touches on my hair and makeup. I've spent the week trolling through Youtube videos of makeup artists teaching how to do simple smokey eyes and less dramatic nighttime looks. I have never worn makeup before. My parents told me it was sinful. Inviting temptation. But now? Who cares what they think! I look good. And what's more, I feel good. I've also done up my hair in pretty curls, cascading down my shoulders. I smile in the reﬂection, my light smattering of freckles and dimples making me look young and innocent, in sharp contrast to the sexy get-up I'm wearing. I wonder how old my bidders are. But I hardly have the time to think too much about it before there's a knock at the door!
I hurry out of the bathroom and nervously smooth down
the sheets, ﬂu ng the pillows on the bed. Then I rush to the door and unlock it. In my haste, I nearly forget all about our plan, but then a deep male voice says, "Wait. Remember the blindfold. Go sit on the bed and put the blindfold on. We will come in when your eyes are safely covered."
"Oh. Right. Of course," I say quickly. Apart from teaching myself how to do makeup, I have also taken a couple visits to a local sex shop, to pick out some items that might aid me in my upcoming double date. Among the items are restraints, handcuffs, lube, a vibrator, and a paddle for spanking. And of course, the required blindfold. I'm not one-hundred-percent sure how to use these things, but I want to be prepared.
So I tie the blindfold tightly around my head and sit down on the edge of the springy bed, folding my hands neatly in my lap. I take a deep breath and call out: "I'm ready."
The door creaks open and two pairs of heavy footsteps cross the room, approaching me slowly. I'm breathing hard, my heart racing a million miles a second. I wish I could see their faces, their bodies. It's scary not knowing what's about to happen, even though it's exciting, too.
"H-How do you guys want to do this?" I ask anxiously.
Both men chuckle good-naturedly. Suddenly, there's a large hand holding each of my own. The man to my left raises my hand to his lips and kisses it gently, saying, "I'm Alex."
The man to my right lifts my other hand and kisses it. He says in a raspier voice than the ﬁrst, "I'm Saul. Good to ﬁnally meet you."
I smile and blush. "My name is Lucy. But I guess you guys already knew that."
"Don't be scared," says the man to my left, Alex. "We're going to take good care of you. The whole reason I joined the bidding was to make sure your ﬁrst time was worthwhile. I didn't want any weirdos to go after you."
There's another chuckle, and the other man, Saul speaks up. "And me? I'm the weirdo. But don't worry, I won't hurt you. Not too much."
"This is a competition. To see who makes you feel the best. So, keep count of your orgasms. Make mental notes. Compare and contrast," says Alex.
"But above all, relax. Enjoy the ride, baby," says Saul. I giggle nervously. "Okay. So, who's going to go ﬁrst?"
Suddenly, one of the men sweeps me up into his arms. I squeal with surprise and delight as he stands me up. He walks over to the bed behind me and comes back to pin my arms behind my back. He clinks the cool metal of the handcuffs around my wrists, binding me. I'm admittedly a little frightened, but I'm aroused, too. I've never been bound like this before, even in my wildest dreams. Then Saul leads me over to stand in front of him as he sits down on the edge of the bed. I can feel him pull me down over his lap, my ass sticking up in the air. The next thing I know, there's a THWAP and then a smack of searing pain against my ass. I cry out in shock and pain, but when the initial sting melts away, all I feel is pleasure. He spanks me again and again, undoubtedly leaving bright marks on my skin.
"Oh my gosh," I whimper. Saul strokes my hair, feeling me up, groping my ass and breasts as I'm bent over his lap.
"Bet you never expected that, hmm? But you know, it's such a dirty thing for a sweet, innocent girl to do: sell off her virginity. I think you need a little punishment," Saul growls.
He smacks my ass again, this time with the palm of his hand. I let out a little moan, surprised at myself. It's perverse and strange, but the punishment actually turns me on. He's squeezing my tits, sliding his rough hands over my soft, virgin skin.
"Soft and perfect," he purrs. "Like a porcelain doll. You're beautiful, you know that? I can't believe no man has touched this gorgeous body. A girl like you doesn't come along very often. You're special. I can tell. I used to walk by you in the courtyard, watch you sitting on a blanket under that big tree. So studious and sweet. Innocent. I used to daydream about spreading you out on that blanket and fucking you 'til you screamed."
I gasp, not used to this kind of talk. I wrack my brain, trying to remember the faces of the many, many guys who walked past me in the courtyard. I wish I had paid more attention.
"I knew the moment I found your ad, I had to have you. I want to be the one to make you cum like crazy. I want to make you tremble and shake, Lucy. I'll be rough, but it'll feel good, I promise. Does that sound good to you?" he asks softly.
"Yes. Yes, please," I whisper back.
"Good girl," he grunts. He stands me up again and then lowers me back down to sit on his lap facing away from him. He wraps his big, strong arms around me, caressing my breasts, rolling my perky nipples between his ﬁngers until
I'm moaning and shivering with delight. Then he spread my legs wide open and began to rub my clit through the lace of my panties.
"I love seeing you in these panties," he hisses in my ear. "So fucking sexy."
He kisses my neck, softly at ﬁrst, then harder, grazing my sensitive skin with his teeth just enough to send shivers of pleasure down my spine. His left hand squeezes my breasts, groping me and toying with my nipples, while his right hand rubs faster and harder against my clit. It's not long before I'm cumming, with a shout of bliss.
"Oh-- goodness!" I cry out, gushing through my panties. "Oh, very good. Very good," he purrs. He reaches back for
something, moving away just long enough to grab something from the little pile of items on the bed. There's a mechanical whirring noise, and then I'm overcome with stimulation as Saul turns the vibrator up to the highest setting and presses it hard against my over-sensitized clit. I wriggle and writhe under the intense sensation, moaning and whimpering. I can't decide if it feels amazing or if it hurts-- I think maybe it's both.
"Feel good, Lucy?" he growls, rubbing the head of the vibrator in tight circles around my clit. Explosions of pleasure wrack my whole body, making it di cult to think, much less speak.
"Y-Yes," I manage to choke out, riding the waves of powerful sensations as Saul gropes me lewdly, sucking bruises into my neck and punishing my clit with the vibrator. I shudder and whine as another orgasm rips through me.
"Fuck yes," he hisses. "Cum for me again, baby."
He bites the soft ﬂesh of my neck and presses the vibrator harder on my clit. I'm seeing stars, my heart racing as I struggle to stay coherent. It's all too much. It's almost violent, the way he manhandles me, the way he manipulates my trembling little cunny. I cum again, whimpering and shaking. If not for his powerful grip, I might collapse off of his lap. Saul lets go of me and I sigh, both in relief and disappointment.
"On your knees," he orders. I obey quickly, feeling my way around to kneel in front of him. A moment later, I hear a zipper being tugged down and something hard and huge being pressed against my lips. Instinctively, I open my mouth, and he shoves his cock down my throat.
I let out a little yelp of surprise, choking a little. Saul strokes my hair back out of my face, caressing and calming me as I slowly relax my jaw and begin to warm to the feeling of a gigantic dick in my mouth. I reach up to stroke his length while I lick the head of his cock, reveling in the velvety softness of his skin, the intoxicatingly musky scent, the massive size. He gives me a few moments to get acquainted before pushing his cock all the way inside my mouth, brushing against the back of my throat until I'm nearly gagging. But oddly enough, it doesn't bother me. In fact, I can feel my pussy getting wetter by the second as I devour his cock, bobbing up and down and gaining conﬁdence. Saul is groaning, rutting into my throat.
"Fuck, what a dirty little mouth," he hisses, stroking my
hair as I blow him. "But this isn't just about my cock. No. I want to make that little pussy purr. Stand up."
I obey quickly and he guides me over to the bed, cradling me back until my head touches the pillows. I lie there in anticipation, waiting to see what he does next. Then I feel the pressure of a heavier body on the bed, moving closer. Again, he brushes his cock against my lips and I open them gladly, sucking him off with enthusiasm. Only now I realize that he's facing the other way, leaning over me. As I suck his cock, I hear the vibrator turn on again, and a moment later the head of it is pressed against my pussy again. I shudder and moan, rocking my hips as he rips the panties off of me, tossing them aside to get at my bare, sensitive clit. He pushes down hard while I moan and whimper around his cock, letting him fuck my throat while my pleasure mounts higher and higher.
I cum again and again, whining and writhing under the merciless vibrations, soaking the bed sheets underneath me. "Fuck yes," Saul growls. "Get that tight little cunt soaking wet."
He takes his cock out of my mouth and moves down the bed. I hear the sound of a bottle being popped open, and a squirt of something liquid. The lube. Still pressing the vibe to my clit, he rubs a little circle around my asshole. I shy away, recoiling a little at ﬁrst. I have no idea why he would ever put his ﬁngers there. That's not how it works, right?
"Shh, it's okay, baby. I won't hurt you. I promise, this'll feel good," Saul assures me. I relax a little, still squirming as my pussy erupts with another orgasm. Slowly, methodically, Saul manages to work his ﬁnger inside my ass, gently ﬁngering me while the vibrator pleasures my sensitive clit. I let out a long, awestruck squeal at how good it feels.
"Mhm. That's right, Lucy. I knew you'd love it," he growls. "You like it in the ass, don't you, angel?"
"Yes. Oh goodness, yes," I murmur, tossing from side to side as the waves of bliss rattle through me. He continues on for awhile, making me cum again and again.
Finally, I hear another male voice. "Come on. My turn, man."
It's Alex, who has been politely quiet this entire time. "Alright. Fair enough," Saul says. "Remember, it's all about her."
"I think I can handle this," Alex replies conﬁdently. The vibrator is turned off and Saul steps away, leaving me lying there overwhelmed and on ﬁre, wondering what to expect next. Alex approaches, sitting softly on the bed beside me. He crooks a strong-arm underneath me, lifting me enough to open the handcuffs. He tosses them aside and lets me stretch a little, feeling the ache in my arms and sting in my wrists. Then he gently lifts my hands to his lips and kisses my wrists, as though kissing the pain away. It's such an incredibly sweet gesture that I can feel my heart almost melting.
His hands come up to caress my face, holding me gently, like I'm something fragile and delicate. Something truly precious. He strokes my hair, leaning in to softly brush his lips against mine. I open my mouth, leaning into him eagerly. He cups my cheek while he kisses me, gently probing his tongue into my mouth while he reaches around to my back, to unclasp my bra. It falls away easily, my breasts free and exposed to the cool air. I moan into Alex's mouth as he kisses me, his hands moving down my neck, over my collarbone, down my chest, to delicately fondle my breasts. The feeling of his warm hands on my sensitive skin makes me shiver with delight. He strokes soft circles around both of my nipples, rhythmically circling with perfect symmetry, until I'm whimpering and weak.
After Saul's rough manhandling, there's something
especially comforting about the way Alex seems to worship my body. Not a single inch of my body goes untouched. He runs his hands down the length of my arms, thumbing over my ﬁngers delicately. For a moment he interlaces his ﬁngers with mine as we kiss, which warms my heart. He's giving me all kinds of butterﬂies. He moves to sit behind me, kissing my neck softly while he kneads the tension out of my shoulders. I sigh and lean back against him, losing myself to the soothing pressure.
"You really are beautiful," he says, his voice ticklish against the shell of my ear. "I knew it from the moment I saw you, I would never meet another girl like you. I still believe that. Nobody could convince me otherwise."
"You've seen me before?" I ask, suddenly very curious. "Have we met?"
He sighs, another puff of ticklishness that makes me tremble deliciously. "No. I saw you across a very crowded room. There were people everywhere. Dancing. Drinking. Fooling around. Girls everywhere, and then... you. Standing in the corner, holding a cup of water. I knew it was water. I could just tell that you were too afraid to drink like everyone else. Too cautious."
I ﬂash back to the frat party a few weekends back. "The party at the Sigma Nu house," I whisper, stunned to know he was there.
"Yes. I wish I could have gone up and talked to you, but you looked content to stay close by to your classmates. I didn't want to interrupt," Alex explains.
"You should have," I confess. "I-I think I would have liked to meet you."
Alex gets up and gently pulls me to the middle of the bed. He grabs my ankles in his hands and says calmly, "I'm going to tie you up. Don't worry. I'll make it feel good."
"Okay," I murmur. "I trust you."
I can almost feel Saul rolling his eyes from across the room. It's obvious that my two suitors have two very distinct styles. It's hard to say which one I prefer. In fact, I think perhaps they compliment each other well.
Alex binds my ankles loosely to the bed posts at the end of the bed, spreading my legs wide open in the process. I was a ballerina growing up, so my residual ﬂexibility makes it easy enough to do this. I have no doubts that Alex would stop if I told him to. But I want to know what he has planned. He climbs back onto the bed, weighing down the mattress between my legs. I hold my breath, anticipating his next move.
Then I shudder and sigh with pleasure as I feel his warm, wet tongue licking along the length of my slick ﬂower. He grabs my thighs, massaging the muscles there and loosening me up while he devours my pussy. He licks at my clit, suckling it and making me moan with delight. It's a different kind of pleasure from the overbearing intensity of the vibrator. Softer, more relaxing. Comforting, almost. Alex settles into a rhythm, licking up and down, circling my clit until I can feel tears burning in my eyes. It feels so good, every muscle in my body pleasantly tensed. Then, I'm overwhelmed with bliss when he slips a ﬁnger inside my pussy.
"Ohhh my gosh," I mumble, biting my lip. "Oh, it feels so
good."
He hooks the end of his ﬁnger, stroking expertly at the deep, hidden hub of sensitivity inside of me. It feels almost too good to be true. Alex moans as he eats me out, sending wonderful vibrations up through my body. Before long, I'm rolling my hips, gently thrusting up to meet his tongue, his ﬁnger gently stroking that place deep within me. It takes me a little longer to ramp up to a climax, but when I get there, it's mindblowing.
I let out a little yelp as I gush cum all over Alex's hand and lips. He eagerly, hungrily laps up my honey, moaning as he picks up the pace. He doesn't let up for a single second, and I can do nothing but hold on and ride the wave. Orgasm after orgasm rolls through me, my body convulsing and trembling every time. Alex plays my cunny like a ﬁnely- tuned instrument, like it's the most natural thing in the world for him. I nearly lose count of the times I cum onto his face, my mind ﬂoating elsewhere on cloud nine.
When it all becomes too overwhelming, I start to instinctively pull away, and Alex stops immediately. I can hear him lick his ﬁngers, getting every last drop of my cum. Then he says softly, "Let's give your pussy a little break, shall we? You want a cock in that pretty little mouth? Hmm?"
I nod vigorously. "Oh, yes. Please," I beg him. He moves up the bed, pulling me up to sit as he kneels in front of me. He guides me to his cock and I tug it into my mouth with a moan of pleasure. It turns me on to have a dick in my mouth. I never expected that. But something about yet another one of my holes being ﬁlled with thick cock... just makes me wetter than ever.
Alex starts out slow, pulling back and cautiously thrusting into my mouth. But then I reach up and start to fondle his balls and stroke his thick, hard length while I pump him in and out of my mouth, and he gives in. "Oh, fuck. God, that mouth feels so good, Lucy," he groans.
He pulls my hair back, gently using it to guide me, pressuring me to take him deeper and deeper into my mouth until it touches the back of my throat. I swirl my tongue around the engorged head, ﬂicking it along the underside of his cock, until he's almost losing control. Alex fucks my mouth, groaning through gritted teeth. I can tell it's bringing him closer and closer to cumming, and I'm half- intending to get him all the way there. I just love the taste of him in my mouth. But before he can lose it, he softly pushes me back, then straddles me. At ﬁrst, I suck in a deep breath, thinking he's about to put his cock inside my cunt. But instead, he kisses me passionately, pressing the head of his cock against my folds, rubbing it up and down, over my clit and back down and up again. It feels surprisingly amazing, and it's not long before I'm cumming again and again, moaning into his kiss.
"Please," I beg him when we break apart for a gasp of air. "I want you to fuck me. I need a cock inside me. Now."
I can tell Alex wants to go ahead, but instead he backs away, leaving me sitting on the bed desperate and pouting. I hear Saul's voice, saying, "Well, I think it's time to take the blindfold off, but ﬁrst, you have to tell us who gave you more pleasure. Who wins?"
I think it over for a moment, weighing both options against each other. Then, ﬁnally, I confess to them, "I can't choose. You both made me cum the same amount. It's a tie... again."
"What should we do then?" Saul asks.
"Yeah, it's all about you. What do you want, Lucy?" Alex asks.
An idea occurs to me. I slip the blindfold off and look at the two handsome men in front of me for the ﬁrst time. Alex is lanky and lean, with dark hair, soft brown eyes, and a pair of black-rimmed glasses. He gives me a reassuring smile. Saul is broad-shouldered, a little thicker, with dark blond curls and green eyes. He regards me with the hungry eyes of a wolf.
"I want you both to fuck me," I answer. I look at Saul. "You put your ﬁnger in my... um. Can you do that again? But this time, I want your cock."
I glance over at Alex and tell him, "And you. I want you to fuck my pussy. A virgin hole for each of you. Fair enough?"
Both men agree wholeheartedly. And within seconds, they're on top of me, overwhelming me with touches and kisses. Four hands roving down my body, feeling me up, groping and fondling me in a confusion of crazed desire. They kiss me, move me around, slap my ass. Lube is squirted onto ﬁngers, rubbing and ﬁngering both my tight little holes. Saul thrusts two ﬁngers inside my ass while Alex uses the vibrator on my clit, making me cum over and over. Then, with my legs still bound to the bed posts, Saul manoeuvres himself underneath me and slowly pushes his cock inside my ass. I whimper and shiver with mingled pain and pleasure.
"Oh gosh. It's so big," I gasp.
"I know, baby. But it feels good, doesn't it?" Saul growls in my ear. I nod.
"Yes. Oh gosh, yes," I reply breathlessly as he begins to thrust up into me, grabbing onto my hips to hold me steady. I reach up for Alex, who straddles me and gives me reassuring kisses while he gently, carefully slides his massive cock inside my aching, virginal cunny.
"Alex," I whisper, clinging to him for dear life as both men pick up the pace, fucking my ass and my tight little pussy at the same time. The sensation of two cocks inside me is almost too much. Sensory overload. I cum over and over, dripping my honey all over their cocks as they slam into me, shattering my virginity, stealing every drop of my innocence. They fuck me harder and faster until I'm spasming with pleasure, and just when I think I can't take anymore, Alex and Saul cum inside me within moments of each other, groaning and showering me in kisses from behind and the front. All three of us collapse in an overwhelmed pile of heaving chests and sticky bodies, with me in the middle.
Once we clean ourselves up, they pay me the amount
promised. But before they leave, I tell them shyly, "If you ever wanted to do this again... I'd do it for free."
One year later, I can safely say that I am the happiest I've ever been. I'm sitting in the living room of the
fancy apartment I share with my two loves, nursing our three-month old daughter, Lily. I'm watching as Saul drinks a beer and builds a new TV stand on the rug in front of me.
He has a rugged charm, the way he uses his strength and mechanical mind to put it together. Alex comes walking over with a tray of snacks and a glass of sparkling grape juice to go with his wine. It almost makes me laugh to see our wildly different choices. Saul's beer, Alex's wine, my grape juice. But it's the variety among us that makes it work so well. My boys have started a computer science company together. As it turns out, that's how they know each other: from classes. Alex is a programmer, and Saul? Well, he's been a hacker for years. Of course, now that he has Alex and I in his life, and the baby, he only uses his powers for good.
And damn, is it so good. It's hard being a full time student and a mom, but I wouldn't trade my life for anything in the world. I live in a little bubble of love, and I never want to leave.