Arrow waved to the audience, which was cheering and jerking off like usual. On the stage stood the contestants, lit by spotlights. Arrow gave their usual introduction:
"Welcome, assorted perverts of all shapes and sizes, to the second episode of Strip-Off! Hope you're ready for more humiliating, sexy challenges!"
Sam raised her hand. "Um, Arrow, just curious. Why did you tell us to use the restroom before we came up onstage?"
Arrow smiled devilishly. "Oh, that? It's related to today's game, a little challenge I like to call... 'Potty Training!'"
Spotlights shone down on a small table with a few various items- a pill bottle, some vibrators, a jug of water, a measuring cup, a diaper, a deck of cards, etc.
Arrow began to explain. "Now, here's how the game will work- all of you will be taking a diuretic and 100 mL of water. Contestants will take turns drawing cards from this deck- they can either do as the card says, or drink another 100 mL of water. The goal of the game is not to piss yourself on public television for as long as possible! First two to piss lose two pieces of clothing, the next two lose one piece each, and the last two don't lose any! Those two also get to go to the restroom in private."
Maya grinned. "I... have lots of experience with this kind of thing, at least."
Kyrie pushed up her glasses. "Fascinating! To think that this sort of biological function has a social function as well! I must see it for myself!"
Sam scratched her head. "...you ever look around and wonder, 'How did I get here?'"
Tanya smiled. "Oh, I used to do that all the time, until I remembered that I CHOSE to become a dominatrix that enjoys humiliating cute young men at a BDSM club."
Hina giggled. "Ooh, potty training... hee hee, I like it. Naughty girls like me need to be potty trained after all!"
Arrow waved her comment away. "Yes, yes, we know, you have an age play kink. Anyways, you might get to indulge it a bit this round. Anyways, contestants... time to take your pills and water!"
The contestants all ingested the pills and drank a little bit of water with it. They didn't feel too much- only a slight tingling sensation in their nether regions.
"Alright- first to draw a card is... Tanya!"
Tanya grinned, picking up a card and reading it aloud. "Do ten jumping jacks."
Tanya shrugged and did the jumping jacks. The body movement made the little water in her bladder move around a bit, but she was nowhere near bursting yet. More interesting to the audience, however, was the bobbing of her decently-sized breasts as she jumped up and down- the suit allowed them to bounce and jiggle a bit. A few of the quicker men in the audience came just from that.
Arrow turned to Sam next. "Sam, you're next!"
Sam looked at hers. "Masturbate in front of the crowd for twenty seconds...?"
Sam blushed. She didn't really want to be seen doing something shameful in front of everyone, so she drank 100 mL of water. She felt a bit more full in her bladder, but it was still manageable.
Kyrie was next. "Vibrator for twenty seconds...? Hah! Too easy!" She grabbed a wand from the table, pressed it up to herself, and gasped as she let the vibrator stimulate her pussy for a little bit. Her pussy was noticeably wet with love juice afterwards, and she seemed a bit flushed, as if she wanted to keep going.
Hina drew a card. "Give an audience member a blowjob, and swallow their cum... Bleh, no thanks! I'll drink the water!" Hina tilted her head back and poured 100 mL of water into her mouth. She blushed a bit, pushing her legs together. "Ah, maybe I shouldn't have done that..."
Maya went next. "Make out with another contestant for a minute." She looked at Hina, whose lewd little body was shaking a bit from holding in her piss. Maya grinned and walked up to her seductively. She whispered in her ear:
"Hey... you look really cute when you're desperate. Want me to distract you for a bit?"
Hina didn't need to be told twice- she immediately grabbes Maya and started kissing her passionately, their tongues intertwining sensuously, their hands exploring each other's bodies. Neither of them cared about the audience- after all, they were both exhibitionist perverts. The audience cheered and catcalled at the hot, sexy display.
Finally, it was Rook's turn. She took her card and read it. "Have two audience members suck on your nipples for thirty seconds? Uh, I'm not sure this applies to me..."
Arrow raised an eyebrow. "What? You have nipples, don't you?"
Rook sighed. "I mean, yes, but, these... I don't have breasts, like the others..."
Arrow patted Rook on the back. "EVERYONE has boobs. Even guys! That's not to say you're a guy, of course. You're a woman, as feminine as any other girl here- and who in the hell would pass up the chance to suck on a girl's boobs, huh? Hey, audience! Any volunteers?"
Quite a few people in the audience raised their hands- in the end, Rook hesitantly chose a fairly regular-looking couple. The man took the right nipple and the woman took the left one- and they began sucking playfully.
Rook began to squirm a bit. "A-ahhh... Wait, wait, it tickles, it...! Mmm!"
Rook's chest was incredibly sensitive, and her tiny nipples perked up excitedly, along with her sizable dick expanding in her suit bottoms. Rook struggled to hide her erection with her hands, with little success.
Arrow laughed. "Looks like we made it through a round! But, like all the dicks in the audience, this challenge gets harder as the show goes on! Tanya: next card!"
Tanya read her new card aloud: "Hula hoop for a minute. Okay, I guess that's doable."
Tanya picked up the hula hoop and swung it around herself. The audience was enraptured by the swaying of her hips, and Tanya began to falter a bit as she found that her movements disturbed and swished the fluid in her bladder, which was becoming more and more full by the second. By the time she was done, she was grabbing at her crotch a bit desperately.
Sam picked up a card. "Get tickled by an audience member for a minute...? Uh... okay, sure, I can do that. I've been tickled before." She chose a female audience member, who ran her fingers slowly up and down her sides.
Sam began to laugh. "Ah- ahahahaha! Hee hee, stop- ahhh, haaaa, ahahahaha, I'm out of breath, please...!"
Kyrie looked at her challenge. "...wear a buttplug? I'll drink the water. I'm into experimenting, but, ah, perhaps not THERE..." Kyrie took a few sips of water and began to sweat a bit. "...does anyone else feel a bit hot?"
Maya went next. "Let an audience member urinate on you...? Hey, I can do this one! I've done that like a bajillion times thanks to this show!" She confidently chose an audience member, who proceeded to pee all over her. She panted as he did so. "Ahh, so warm... I wanna pee, too...!"
Hina pulled a card next. "Wear a diaper. Ooh, sounds fun!" Hina picked up a diaper off the table and wrapped her crotch in it. She giggled. "Oh, this makes me feel like such a naughty little girl...!"
Rook pulled a card, paled, and immediately tossed it away, as if even considering the card for a moment was utterly horrifying. She laughed nervously, said "I'll take the water", and did just that.
At this point, all the contestants had their legs crossed and were desperately trying to hold it in, but Hina, Sam, and Kyrie looked especially desperate. Tanya took her turn, drinking a bit of water to avoid her challenge. And soon enough, it was Sam's turn again.
Sam read her card. "Do 20 squats...? Uh..." She spread out her legs and began to squat down, counting up towards twenty. But just as she reached twelve, she suddenly gasped. "No, no, nononono...!" A stream of golden piss began to leak out of her pussy. She was squatted on the ground, her knees spread open, in the squatting position. She covered her face in embarrassment. "Ahh, don't look...!"
Arrow laughed. "Ooh, two losses in a row! Looks like your tits are gonna be out on display pretty early!" Arrow clicked the remote twice, and the audience cheered as all of Sam's clothes besides her panties simply fell off of her body.
Sam was still peeing, and she looked like she was starting to enjoy it. Her nymph personality began to take over. Her eyes rolled up in her head, her tongue hung out of her mouth, and she made peace signs with her hands. "Ahh... I'm peeing on the ground... like a doggy...!"
A few more turns passed, and the next to go was Hina, who was all too willing to pee thanks to her diaper. She smiled sheepishly and blushed as a wet spot formed on her diaper. "Oopsies... I had an accident... I wet my dipey in front of everyone like a little kid...!"
Rook drew her challenge. "Enema...? Well, I've done that before, so maybe..." She shivered as she pressed the pump through a hole in the back her suit, and moaned as the enema began to fill her ass up. As more and more fluid flowed into her ass, she could feel the enema pressing up against her bladder. She simply couldn't hold that much fluid in her.
Rook sighed in relief as enema and piss began leaking out of both of her holes simultaneously.
She blushed a bit, but her cock indicated that she was having a good time as her leggings fell away from her body.
Finally, after one more agonizing round of humping, vibrating, and stomach-massaging, Tanya succumbed and peed herself. She made sure to aim it at the audience, much to the audience's delight. Her arms were quickly exposed by Arrow's remote.
As soon as Arrow shouted "Game Over!", the two remaining contestants, Maya and Kyrie, sprinted to the restrooms. Kyrie made it, but Maya ended up masturbating in the middle of the crowd, cumming in the middle of dozens of lustful spectators and letting out lots of pee on the floor after.
Sam's eyes were returning back to normal, and as soon as she realized she was topless, she blushed and covered up her bosom. "Uhm... I have to stay like this...? Kya....!"
Arrow grinned. "She'll be walking around like that all week, folks! Get a good look if you haven't already! See you next time on Strip-Off!"