The last time I wrote about Muriel, Dave and Suzi they were going from strength to strength, their own personal relationships developing and the nudist camp that Dave and Suzi helped Muriel run, now in better shape, both structurally and financially, than it had been for years. Then the Covid 19 pandemic hit and the UK, like much of the rest of the world, went into lockdown. This is the story of how they got on.
It's a long story, with lots of saucy moments rather than hardcore sex, Enjoy!
"Shit, shit, shit." We looked at Muriel as she shouted; the anxieties and uncertainties of the previous few weeks finally boiling over. The three of us were sat in Muriel's cabin, watching the TV news, transfixed, like the rest of the nation, by the unfolding Covid disaster. As we had expected, the government, after weeks of flipping and flopping, had finally announced a lockdown, all but essential businesses to close and nobody to travel unless absolutely necessary.
"I know I should be more concerned with all the poor souls who are getting sick or dying but I just can't believe our bad luck. After years of this place literally falling apart around me we're finally back on our feet and now we have to close." You could see Muriel's anger turning to despair, tears beginning to well up as Suzi pulled her close and comforted her.
I was half watching them and half listening to the news, "They say the government is going to put in a raft of measures to support businesses and workers affected." As I conveyed this message I could see Muriel wasn't convinced, "The support will probably be based on previous year's earnings, which in our case there wasn't any." She had a point but I was trying to stay upbeat and optimistic. "Why don't we wait till all the details are out and we'll see what support we're entitled to and I'm sure between the three of us we can come up with some ideas of something we can do." They both nodded and I went and fetched a bottle of wine from the kitchen, thinking there was no point just sitting around moping.
"Here's to staying healthy and to keeping this place afloat." As I raised a toast, Muriel smiled for the first time in days, hugging us both and thanking us for being there with her.
The next few days were a blur, lots of phone calls cancelling bookings, us trying to find out what the new rules really meant in reality and above all the seemingly inexorable rise in the number of Covid cases and unfortunately Covid deaths.
I think we were all in shock, worried about our families who we could no longer visit and worried about the nudist camp, which was our home, and whether it could survive.
We busied ourselves, Muriel and Suzi dealing with customers and members, many of whom were long term friends of Muriel and thankfully weren't asking for their yearly fees back, not yet anyway. I concentrated on finding out what supports might be available and on the day to day maintenance that still needed to be done.
Muriel was right, she wasn't entitled to any payments but what was good news was that many business taxes and rates were either cancelled or put on hold. Also, although me and Suzi had never really been paid much, getting our food and lodgings plus a couple of bob whenever we needed it; as employees we were entitled to furlough payments, which meant that we were entitled to 80% of our monthly wage, paid by the government.
We had never really hassled Muriel over money, happy to have enough to get by on and seeing working and living at the camp as more of an enjoyable, erotic adventure than a job. We were aware that Muriel had us down as full time employees, for insurance and tax reasons. I was looking forward to having some fun and winding Muriel up a bit.
"So apparently you can claim 80% of our wages from the government, how much do we get paid a month?" I asked Muriel as we were all sat around having breakfast.
In the months and months we'd spent with Muriel, through some of the wildest, happiest, naked sexual shenanigans imaginable, I had never seen Muriel lost for words or look embarrassed, but now she was.
We let her stew for a short while before Suzi couldn't keep a straight face anymore, bursting out laughing and hugging Muriel before saying. "We knew you were cooking the books a bit to help keep this place stay afloat, we didn't mind. Now it might be beneficial."
Smiling sheepishly she said "You earn £1100 a month each, I claimed a lot of it back for food and lodgings, I think I might have you're pay slips around somewhere." I think we were both in a bit of shock at the amount. I did some quick maths and said, "That's £880 a month you'll get for each of us which will definitely help keep the wolf from the door." Before adding "I'm more upset that Suzi was getting paid the same as me, after all I'm the big balls of the operation."
"David darling, as delightful as your big balls are, Suzi's beautiful face, tits and fanny are far more appealing." Muriel was back to herself.
She explained that her accountant was an old friend from when they were all hippies and that she'd get onto him to sort it all out. "He's a bit of an old lech but harmless enough." We smiled at each other, every old friend of Muriel's we'd heard about, male and female, were described in terms of their sexual behavior, lecherous, tart, slapper etc. Each one we'd met had been charming if a bit quirky. "He's been threatening to visit ever since he read about Suzi's Lady Godiva outing,"
The £1100 only existed on an accountant's spreadsheet but now, even after deductions, we'd be getting a nice chunk of money coming in every month. Myself and Suzi, despite Muriel's objections, immediately decided we'd split the money three ways.
It was a relief to know about the money and that we wouldn't be homeless or penniless. We weren't surprised that once we knew our own situation was going to be ok that Muriel's attention turned to how to help others and maybe have some fun along the way.
It seemed from the news and from the net that those who could work from home would be encouraged to do so and had a short period of time in which to relocate closer to family if they wished to. We were sat around in the office talking about this when the phone rang; as Muriel answered it and began to listen, a smile crept across her face.
"How lovely to hear from you."
"What? Yes of course you can, it will be wonderful to see you."
"Yes, we had it upgraded only a few weeks ago."
"Wonderful, see you tomorrow about 11."
We looked at Muriel expectantly, her grin widening by the second. "Do you remember Ann, James' sister? She was one of the models for James' Riebicke-esqe photo shoot last year."
I found myself smiling and felt a stirring in my groin, "Of course I remember her, very pretty blond girl, really bubbly personality."
"Not to mention that she had a great ass and tits and that she gave you a blowjob." Suzi said this with a smirk on her face.
I smiled back, "Oh yeah I nearly forgot that. Anyway it was you who told her to give me the blowjob whilst you were wrestling naked with Jenna, and James was taking near Gynecological pictures of you."
Suzi smiled as if to say touché, "God that was hot, those photos didn't leave much to the imagination did they." I watched as Suzi bit her bottom lip and squeezed her legs together at the memory.
"Well anyway." Muriel said, breaking the spell, "Ann has asked if she can rent out one of the chalets for the lockdown, says she couldn't bear to be cooped up with her three brothers and father, but doesn't want to be too far away either.
She says she's able to work from home as long as we have good Wi-Fi, which we do now."
Muriel had been opposed to spending money on good broadband, arguing that people preferred not to be bothered with such things when on holiday, after much haranguing we had convinced her otherwise.
"She's coming tomorrow at 11 with her boyfriend."
"Bad luck Dave. I wonder if I should give her boyfriend a blowjob, I mean fairs fair." It was my turn to smirk.
The next day was unseasonably damp and cold for late March, with the temperature never creeping much above zero and even Muriel forgoing her usual early morning naked jaunt. We just sat around chatting and waited for Ann
She arrived just before eleven in a white van with BJ's Audio-Visual Services emblazoned on the side. We just smiled at each other and shook our heads. Ann got out first and was bursting with energy, almost tripping over her full length wool coat as she ran towards Muriel, arms spread for a big embrace. Muriel is a very loving, touchy-feely sort of person but I think even she was a bit taken aback.
When they broke the embrace Ann was still a bit high, talking rapidly. "Oh Muriel I've so wanted to meet you all again and thank you for all that you did for me and this blasted lockdown has given me the perfect opportunity to meet you all again and to build my business and I was hoping you would all be naked and I..."
"And who is this handsome chap?" Muriel interrupted her, as much to let her take a breath as anything else.
Ann turned around and smiled at the man standing a few feet behind her, a slightly embarrassed, shy grin on his face. "This everybody is Barry John Murphy, my wonderful boyfriend and technical whiz, known to one and all as BJ."
We all said hi and then it was mine and Suzi's turn for a joint Ann hug, Suzi unable to stop from whispering "trust you to have a boyfriend called BJ." I think the three of us laughing helped to bring Ann back down to earth.
We had only met Ann for the one day when she had come to model for her brother James, but it had been such a wonderfully intimate and memorable day that her enthusiasm and joy at meeting us all again didn't seem misplaced as Muriel ushered us all in out of the cold and offered refreshments.
"Who wants tea, who wants coffee, who wants wine?"
"I really shouldn't but if you're all having wine then I will." Said Ann. We never seemed to need encouragement and the wine was duly poured, only BJ having tea as he might have to drive again later.
"So how have you been, you look wonderful. What are you up too that you can work so easily from home?" As Suzi asked this Ann seemed a little hesitant, as if thinking what to say.
"Well it's a long story. You know when I was here last year was my first time modeling?" We all nodded before Muriel added "You were a complete natural, born to do it, not just physically but in your heart and soul also."
Ann visibly perked up "Well I was on such a high afterwards that I decided I wanted to be a full time model. I discussed it with James and with my father, who helpfully pointed out that being only 5''1' and with my tits and ass, that I was never going to be a fashion model." Ann giggled at this before continuing, "My dad also pointed out that there were a lot of unscrupulous characters in the modeling game and that I needed to be careful. James told him he was way behind the times and that many models now managed and promoted themselves, having their own websites and such. He said he'd been contacted by a local girl, who was a friend of a friend, who was doing just that and that she wanted James to take some high class photos of her for her website. Why didn't I come along and talk to her." Ann stopped and took a sip of her wine and just looked at us as if everything was now obvious.
"So you have your own website and you model on that?" Muriel asked her.
"Sort of. It turned out that Mel, the other model, had been a cam girl for a couple of years but now had a fans account as well. She said she wanted to stand out from many of the other sites that were out there and that's what she wanted James' help with. He showed her some of the photos he had taken of you Muriel and of the modeling that we had all done when we came here. She thought they were beautiful and just what she was looking for, 'naughty but arty at the same time' I think she said.
We got talking and got on really well, I told her I was interested in modeling and asked her how she'd gotten into it and what sort of thing she did on cam. She seen some of James' photos of me and couldn't believe that was my first time modeling. She said she had never thought of being a model but when she was stuck for money a friend had suggested cam work. An ex boyfriend use to watch them so she knew what the girls got up to. She said most of the girls looked bored shitless, rubbing their dry clits or sticking things up their holes, but some were better actresses or maybe actually enjoying it and they seemed to get more tips and made more money. She said the good cam sites help you build a profile and that she started off with just her mobile phone and in her first week she made £200 and has never looked back. She then asked did we want to see a recording of one of her cam shows."
Ann took another sip of her wine, the smile on her face telling us she was warming to her story and enjoying teasing us with where the story was going.
"Mel chose one of her recordings that she said turned out to be a good show. She started off just sat in a see-through top, providing revealing glimpses of some sexy underwear. As viewer signed in and posted messages Mel was talking back to them, saying hello and asking how their day was going. Some were saying things were bad and she would sympathize with them and smile like she really cared; others would post cruder things and she would laugh sexily and tell them off. Automated messages would pop up saying that for a certain amount of tips or tokens she would do certain things. She started by slowly removing her shirt, then massaging her boobs through her bra, then removing the bra and pinching her nipples, all the time talking to her audience and looking like she was enjoying it.
She stopped the video and asked if we got the idea, we said that we did but then me, being the cheeky cow that I am, asked if there was more to see. I was interested, and to be honest, a bit turned on.
James seemed a bit embarrassed and mumbled something about meeting another client. I said I was in no rush and would see him later. After he left Mel said to me, 'You're a bit of a bold one aren't you, do you think you could do this kind of work?'
I said I thought I could and Mel said that she thought I had the most gorgeous, cheeky smile and a great personality and that I'd do really well at it, make a lot of money. 'there's a lot of girls on here with great bodies like yours but your face and the way it lights up when you're being cheeky is a seller'.
She showed me more of her recording which ended up with her frigging herself to a very believable orgasm and then licking her fingers. 'I got paid when I first made it, now anyone on the cam site can buy it for 400 tokens and anyone on my fan site gets it for free for a monthly fee. That's how it works' She said each token was worth 5p to her, so for 400 she got £20
Mel gave me a lovely smile before saying 'I think you're a saucy tart and just fancy showing your tits off and that's ok but this is a business and its work. You have to remember that. Your time and your body are your commodity and you're selling it, don't give it away. What with the cam's, my fan site and other social media I can put in ten hour days, I'm making good money but I can't do it forever'.
She said she was on cam in an hour and had to get ready, did I want to stay around and see what happened, I said I did and followed her through to her bedroom. She did her makeup and decided what to wear, all the time talking and telling me about the cams and her site. She said she tried to go on the same time each day as she had about thirty regulars who tuned in for her, with other members and guest's coming and going. 'Sometimes if it's a good show, or if there's a lot of members online, I can have up to 150 people watching me, that's when you make the good money.'
She'd dressed in a basque and stockings and said she didn't normally wear this but was just in the mood, I thought she looked gorgeous. We went through to another bedroom which had been converted to a studio with a big king-sized bed in the middle, mirrors on one wall and there were lights and about four different cameras set up."
As Ann said this she turned to BJ and gave him a lovely, warm smile, obviously quite proud of what we presumed was his handy work. She took her time sipping some more wine, smiling cheekily. "Will I tell you what happened next?" We all nodded, intrigued and I think excited to see where this story went.
"Mel sat at a desk and clicked on her computer, a large screen on the wall also came on and then she told me to take a seat to the side so I couldn't be seen by the camera she was in front of.
I was watching between the big screen and Mel as messages started coming through. 'hi missi, looking sexy, how are you today.' It was the first time I'd realized she didn't use her real name. Mel perked up and started answering, 'Hi bigdave, I'm good, been busy all day, now I'm just going to relax and enjoy myself on here.'
It went on like this for a few minutes, until someone posted 'how much to see your tits today.' Same as always Mel answered, '100 tokens for a quick flash, 400 to sit here topless and 800 to put nipple clamps on. All my costs are on my whiteboard.'
A few people quickly chipped in to pay 100 and Mel pulled her basque down and showed her lovely boobs, pinching a nipple hard and groaning before covering up again. She turned and looked at me, 'enjoying the show?' As I nodded, people started messaging asking who she was talking to. An unspoken question passed between us and Mel turned back to the camera, a big, almost wicked grin on her face. 'I have a beautiful and very sexy friend with me today who wondered what I got up to when I was talking to you pervy lot, who wants to meet her?'
Within seconds thirty or so messages popped up on the screen, 'yes please' 'what's her name.' etc. Mel played a drum roll with her fingers on the desk 'ladies and gentlemen I give you the girl with the sexiest smile, the perkiest tits and the tightest ass in England, Lady Annabel'
I moved my chair next to hers and waved at the camera, unable to stifle my giggle as my face looked back at me from the screen. The messages went wild, 'you're sexy' 'lovely smile' 'show us your tits' 'show us your cunt'. I was a bit taken aback and Mel put her microphone on silent and asked me if I was ok, I said I was and she said she knew I'd be popular and to just try and relax and go with it. She turned the sound back on and told the viewers to calm down or they'd frighten me away.
They started asking me questions, 'how old are you'-20, 'do you prefer men or women'-they are both sexy, 'do you take it up the bum' I just smiled at that and tapped my nose. Mel put the sound on silent again and told me I was amazing and a complete natural. She asked me did I want to have a bit of fun and make some money. Without hesitation I said yes. I was loving it.
We were now up to nearly 100 viewers and growing quickly. 'Kiss her, how much for you to kiss her' flashed up on the screen. Mel leant in and placed a gentle kiss on my cheek, whispering into my ear to tell her to stop if I felt uncomfortable, turning back to the camera she teased them, 'is that the sort of kiss you meant?' Lots of no's flashed up on the screen along with the usual abuse about us being fucking lesso's and such like.
Mel continued the tease, 'so you mean kissing kissing, like on the lips and everything?' 'well I don't know about that, Lady Annabel is a cam virgin and has never kissed a girl before.'
The screen was going wild, 150 viewers and they all seemed to buy into the show, messages arriving quicker than I could read, even Mel seemed surprised, whispering to me that this was getting massive.
'What do you think Lady Annabel, would it be ok if I kissed you?' I just smiled and tried to look innocent before slowly nodding. We were up to 200 viewers and Mel quickly typed on the computer, 1000 tokens for Lady Annabel's first girl/girl kiss flashed up on the screen. Within a few minutes we reached our target, a low 'wow' escaping Mel's lips.
She zoomed the camera in so my face looked huge on the screen before slowly leaning in and tentatively placing her lips to mine. Her lips were warm and soft and I felt a thrill go through me, my own lips parting to allow Mel's tongue in. I unconsciously lifted my hand and caressed Mel's face, my body warming and my mind swimming as our kiss became more passionate. Off screen Mel's hand was pushing between my legs towards my sex, my legs parting to help her. Suddenly she stopped the kiss and pulled back, both of us flushed and breathless as we looked at the screen, 'I think you pervy lot got your monies worth there, we both need a drink' Mel managed to chortle, before standing and leaving the room, me following every sexy wiggle of her ass as she did so.
I was reading the comments and trying to answer the questions. 'Was that really your first time kissing a girl'-yes, which as we all know was a lie. 'Did you enjoy it'-yes it was fucking amazing, which was the truth.
Mel returned with two glasses of wine and we sat there smiling and laughing as we read the screen and our viewing numbers went up. 'Is it the same for Annabel to stand up and turn around as it is for you Missi.' Seeing my confused look Mel explained that it was 100 tokens for her to stand up so they could see all of her, "Do you think you could stand and give us a twirl for 100 Lady Annabel?' 'I think I could Missi but only if the tokens come in the next two minutes.'
I was getting the hang of this and the tokens came in almost immediately. I stood and walked towards the bed so the camera could see all of me. I was wearing light blue tight jeans and a fitted jumper that showed my small waist and boobs off well. I was smiling the whole time, really enjoying myself as I pulled the jumper a little tighter so my boobs stuck out even more, I turned slowly and bent ever so slightly forward, knowing my ass looked great in those jeans. As I walked back to my chair Mel blew me an air kiss which could be seen by everyone, her wink and smile couldn't.
Mel wrote on a piece of paper and passed it to me, 'how far do you want to go, we can make a lot of money tonight.' I wasn't even thinking about the money, just loving the whole bizarre experience. I wrote my reply and passed it to Mel, her eyes and face lighting up as she read it, 'As far as you can go.'
Mel spoke directly into the camera, a genuine grin on her face, 'I think Lady Annabel is enjoying the attention you're giving her, she's decided to stay around and be my little play thing. This is very special, Lady Annabel's first show and my first girl/girl show. Type in your requests and we'll tell you how much."
The first request up took me by surprise but Mel took it in her stride, 'fuck her ass with your 12'' dildo' Mel just laughed and said 'trust you Pete, she'd never walk straight again. Let's start off with something milder'
I was trying to follow all the messages and requests on the screen and the viewers seemed to respond to my genuine reactions, I was laughing at some and my looks of shock at others. Mel started kissing my neck making me quiver, as she nibbled at my ear she whispered, 'I want to fuck your brains out, some of it on camera, but mostly in my bed afterwards, do you trust me?'
I was so turned on I could hardly nod, I turned my head to kiss her but she pulled back and started typing furiously. As she was typing '2000 to remove her knickers' I stopped her and said to the camera 'I'm not wearing any knickers, never do.' This, as you can imagine, got a great response.
We had nearly 600 viewers and Mel said they'd pay for whatever we wanted to do. She took total control which the audience seemed to like and as the tokens came in she told me to take my jumper off. I was only wearing a plain bra but everyone seemed to like it. As I watched myself on the screen I found myself sitting more upright which had the effect of pushing my boobs out more, not that they needed it. Mel told me to take my bra off, whispering to do it slowly and sexily.
I'm a 32c but on my frame they look bigger and thankfully they're still very perky, bouncing of their own accord when I took my hands away. My nips are only small but were hard and when Mel tweaked them it felt electric, my breath catching and my muscles tensing. I was still smiling and someone asked did I ever stop smiling? My smile widened as I replied, 'not when I'm enjoying myself.'
Someone typed 'put the clamps on her, that'll stop her smiling.' 'good idea' Mel answered and she stood up and fetched a plastic box full of her toys from beside the bed, bending slowly so the camera got a good shot of her ass as she did so.
3000 for the clamps Mel typed, quietly telling me to act innocent and scared. I'd never done anything like it before so the acting scared came easily. Mel placed the first one on and the sharp pain caused me to yelp, but it was like no other pain I'd ever felt, a feeling in my core saying 'that's quite nice.'
'She's still smiling, tighten them more.' Popped up on the screen. Mel looked at me as if to ask was this ok, I nodded and spoke to the screen, 'they feel wonderful and are making me wet.' It wasn't a lie.
Mel typed '500 for each turn of the screw.' Whispering to me that the audience loved it when they were directing things. The tokens flooded in and Mel actually counted out loud and said 'take that bitch'as she turned the screws, telling me quietly to tell her when to stop.
I didn't tell her to stop. What with the whole situation, the camera's, the audience, the pain, Mel's dirty talking, I was in ecstasy and completely losing it. Mel must have sensed this and started flicking my nipples, a completely new sensation that took me over the edge, an incredible orgasm crashing through me.
As I caught my breath and opened my eyes Mel told me to read the screen, loads of messages saying it was the sexiest, most amazing thing they'd ever seen. Mel said she agreed with them and that she'd be going off line shortly so she could get to know me better, which got a great response. I was coming back to my senses and thanked everyone for watching me and said I had one more treat for them. Slowly standing up I showed them the big wet stain on my jeans where I had cum, Mel shook her head and laughed before placing her face close to the camera and licking her lips, then she clicked off."
I think we were all a bit stunned, Suzi being the first to break the silence, "I knew you were a bit of an exhibitionist but that sounds fucking awesome, insane even, how much did you make?"
"We made over £400 each and we were only on for an hour."
"Wow"
"And did she fuck your brains out?" As I asked this Suzi gave me a 'trust you' glare, I just smiled and shrugged as if to say, what?
"Did she ever, it was amazing and she really did have a 12'' dildo."
We all laughed but Muriel looked serious, as if something was bothering her. Eventually she said "And you do this all of your own volition, nobody is forcing you?" Muriel's eyes fell on BJ as she was saying this and he visibly shrank under her gaze. Ann caught her gist and moved closer to Muriel, taking her hands and looking straight into her face. "I do this because I actually love it. I decide what I do, when I do it. The only person who ever takes money from me is the bloody taxman. This is legit work and a legit business."
It was obvious from the way Ann looked at Muriel that she really cared what Muriel thought, you could feel the tension. A smile crept across Muriel's face as she pulled Ann in for a Muriel hug. "I think it's marvelous and if you can make £400 for an hours work I might take it up myself, not that anyone would want to see my saggy old boobs."
We all smiled at this, Ann more than anyone as she said, "You'd be surprised. I was actually thinking that you lot should take up something like it." We all looked at her questioningly but Ann was warming to her subject.
"Suzi, if she wanted to, could make a killing on the cams. With her face and her body she'd be a star, although I don't think she's as big a tart as me, so maybe not."
"Is that a challenge?" Suzi asked, a slight blush to her face.
"Maybe." Ann replied, smiling, her eyes virtually undressing Suzi. "Sorry Dave, men are not allowed on the cams, not on the site I use anyway, although some girls put up boy/girl videos for sale. As for you Muriel I think you'd be a star whatever you do but I think you'd get bored sitting there with your legs open, diddling yourself.
What I was actually thinking about was a fans site, dedicated to the naturist life style, where you would have lots of cameras set up around the place that would film you when you're naked and just doing normal things. I think there'd be a big, varied audience for that. Some genuinely interested in naturism, others that are just voyeurs."
Seeing the skeptical looks on our faces, Ann continued, "People would love to see Muriel first thing in the morning. Smiling in nothing but her birthday suit, showing how wonderful and natural it all is. Then if Dave walks into the kitchen with his big dick sticking up, as I'm sure he does, then either Suzi or Muriel can give it a slap and tell him to put it away."
We smiled and Suzi said, "You sure BJ hasn't already put secret cameras up?"
"No he hasn't but you're just natural and I can imagine this happening."
"It happens regularly." Suzi said, laughing and blowing me a kiss.
"So what do you think, do you think you'd be interested in a fans site?" Ann's question put us on the spot and as I looked from Suzi to Muriel I could sense something pass between them, smiles forming on both their faces and Muriel saying "I think that could be fun," and Suzi nodding and smiling even more.
"What about you Dave?" We all looked at BJ, it was virtually the first time he'd spoken. I was about to explain that I was fairly laid back about things and happy to go along with whatever the girls wanted when Ann beat me to it, "Dave will happily flash his todger for the camera, won't you Dave." I gave a snarky smile and was struggling to come up with a smart answer, Suzi, Ann's and Muriel's giggling not helping matters. BJ just looked at me as if to say 'you poor bastard.'
"I'm so glad you're going to do it, I got BJ to bring along a lot of extra equipment in case you said yes, he's even brought a video camera you can film yourself with as you walk about, it'll broadcast live if you want it to."
"If your Wi-Fi's good enough that is." BJ said. Muriel explained about the new Wi-Fi and BJ said we should try it out. He went to his van and brought a very fancy looking hand held camera with him. He was in his element as he pointed out all the buttons and explained it was top of the range, 4k and could even film at night. We all just nodded, I think as taken with the new BJ as with his camera.
He quickly set it up and all our faces were soon up on the computer as he scanned the room, Ann even lifting her jumper and flashing her boobs at the camera. BJ just smiled and shook his head and said he needed to test the signal outside to see how far away we could take the camera.
"Wonderful idea." Said Muriel, abruptly standing and linking her arm through his. "I'll show you the campsite and you can show me how to play with your gadget." We all looked on in amusement as she guided him out the door, a slightly nervous look on his face.
"Poor thing," Suzi said, "Muriel can take a bit of getting use too."
We were nodding at this when I added, "I bet she strips off as soon as she's outside, just for the fun of it and to see how BJ reacts."
Suzi didn't agree, "It's too bloody cold, even for Muriel."
"We'll see."
I went and got us more wine, Ann saying to make hers a small one as she might get too carried away on her cam later if she was pissed. "I'd like to see that." Suzi said, giving Ann the same sort of 'I want to fuck you stare' that Ann had given her earlier.
A huge grin crossed Ann's face as she said "I'm so glad I've moved here."
I raised another toast and had to adjust the tenting in my trousers before sitting down.
Ann told us how she'd met BJ and what a solid guy he was and how fond of him she was, "He just seems to understand me, doesn't try to stop me being myself but is able to calm me and make me feel loved."
"Does it ever bother him, you being on cam or on your site?"
Ann blushed a little but couldn't stop herself from smiling as she said, "I'm wicked, sometimes when he's not working I make him sit behind the camera and watch me. I get totally carried away, saying and doing things that people haven't even paid for, my eyes fixed on his as I stick a big dildo down my throat and tell those watching that I really need a real dick. Poor BJ is ready to burst by the time I finish and the sex afterwards is so fucking hot."
"God that is fucking hot, no wonder he doesn't mind you being a cam model." I think this came out of Suzi's mouth before she had a chance to think, the excitement in her voice making her grin sheepishly as myself and Ann pretended to be shocked.
The conversation continued to be racy, with us telling Ann about the summer fair and Suzi riding a horse as Lady Godiva, "You were starkers on a horse in front of hundreds of people, that's fucking wild." Ann shook her head in disbelief as she said this.
"It gets better. Muriel was naked on another horse up ahead of us, but Mike, our neighbor and one of Muriel's beaus, was leading that horse and he has a lot more experience. Poor Dave led my horse dressed as a centurion." Suzi started laughing as she said this. "We had to put another band of material onto the skirt to stop Dave's dick sticking out."
"The problems I have." I said smiling.
"Anyway it was a real family day, lots of cheering and a great atmosphere. The horse got scared and started to bray and buck. I was petrified and Dave just managed to hold him so I could get off, the crowd getting a great view of my ass as I slid off. Someone took the horse away and Dave asked if I wanted to leave, but it was only a short distance to the end so I decided to carry on on foot. The crowd was brilliant, cheering and applauding, completely surrounding us but giving us space as we walked. I could feel all their eyes on me even more than when I was on the horse. I loved it. We got to the end and they applauded again. Dave smiled cheekily and said I should take a bow. I knew what this would show but I couldn't stop myself, bowing and bending further than I needed. When I straightened the people behind me clapped again, I turned and bowed to them, giving the rest of the crowd a great view. I held it for a few seconds this time, knowing all eyes were on my ass crack and my sopping pussy."
Ann's mouth was open, "You fucking tart, you're worse than me." Just as Suzi was about to say something the computer screen came to life.
Muriel's smiling face filled the screen, even without make-up she looked beautiful and radiant on the screen, her classic high cheekbones and English rose colouring were made to be filmed and photographed.
The camera zoomed out slowly, showing a completely naked Muriel, her smile widening as she slowly pirouetted around, allowing the camera to see all of her. Muriel was in her early fifties but her slim, almost boyish figure combined with the good posture that she said was beaten into them at finishing school meant that she looked fit and fabulous. The camera zoomed back in and stopped, showing just her shoulders and face, she began to speak.
"Hello and welcome to my naturist fan site. My name is Muriel and me and my friends are fortunate enough to live a nudist life style in the beautiful British countryside. By subscribing to my site you will get to see our daily naked lives. We will also talk to you and answer any questions you may have. As I'm sure you've noticed by my nipples"
Muriel stopped talking and giggled as the camera briefly zoomed in on her long, very erect nipples, "It is rather cold today so I must keep moving, follow me and I'll show you some of where I live."
Muriel set off, BJ letting her get a few feet ahead so he could film her walking, "Tart, she's definitely wiggling her ass more than normal." Suzi said in a jokey manner, "I think she's up the other end of the camp site, in that small garden you and her planted in the autumn." I nodded my agreement and concentrated on the screen, enjoying Muriel's ass.
She stopped and turned to the camera, "This is a new garden that we started last year, but as you can see it's already coming along nicely. This is my favorite winter shrub, I don't know its proper name but we call it Arrowwood." Muriel was pointing to a smallish shrub with delicate pink flowers on it. She bent at the hips and started to smell the flowers, seemingly unaware, although I know she wasn't, that her ass cheeks had separated and everything was on show. She straightened and turned back to face the camera, a glow to her face, "It has the most wonderful fragrance, even in winter. It's small now but I think it'll grow to about ten feet." She smiled at the camera again before continuing "I hope you've enjoyed this small insight into my naturist life style and that you'll join up and see how my friends and I live our lives, it's not all gardening you know." She gave a very sexy, knowing smile and winked, "Bye for now." She blew a kiss and after a few moments the screen went blank.
We all sat there a little lost for words, Ann eventually saying "Well I'd sign up just for the views in the garden." We all smiled at this before Suzi said, "Do you think she did that all off the top of her head, unscripted and unplanned."
I nodded before saying "I think so, she just a complete natural. She manages to combine a relaxed wholesomeness with an incredible sexuality."
Ann laughed, "When did you become so articulate."
"I know what you mean; normally he'd just rub his dick like an ape and say 'I'd like to fuck that'.
I stuck my tongue out at the two laughing women before all our attentions turned to Muriel and BJ who were coming through the door. Muriel was still naked and smiling broadly, her face alight with the cold and the excitement. Ann gave BJ a thumbs up and he smiled, whether because of the Wi-Fi or something else I'm not sure.
Suzi stood and embraced Muriel, "You were incredible, did you just make that up off the top of your head?"
"I did. I considered winking at the camera with my asshole when I was bent over, but decided to do it with my eye at the end." When we all stopped laughing Muriel said, "That was so exhilarating and exciting I want to do it every day. How did it look on the screen?"
"Brilliant." Ann said, "The quality was great and you were mesmerizing."
Muriel went and put a dressing gown on to warm up a bit, when she returned she said, "So what do we do now, can we post it online?"
"We could but there's no real point." BJ said. "Firstly I need to set Ann up in her cabin so she can broadcast tonight. After she's finished I can come back here and set up your site, get you a paywall and then you're good to go. We can post that as your intro video and I can show you how to add content yourself."
"Wonderful, why don't you both come back for a celebratory meal and we can do it after, if we're not too jolly."
It turned out Ann wanted to rent two cabins, one to live in and one as a studio to film in. I helped them carry their gear in and then left them to get ready, Ann telling me the cam site she was on and to make sure we all watched later.
We logged on and hardly recognized the bedroom she was filming from, whatever they'd done with the lights it looked amazing. Ann was sat in a large swivel chair I'd carried in earlier, smiling as big as ever. "Do you think we should have another small glass of wine while we watch?" Muriel asked, Suzi looking at her as if it was a silly question; I went to the kitchen and opened a new bottle.
I could hear them both giggling and wondered what I was missing, corking the bottle in my haste to get back. "What have I missed?"
"Nothing too exciting, just Ann undoing a button and squeezing her tits through her shirt." Muriel said.
"That's enough for Dave to start wanking."
"You don't give me any credit, I'd want to see at least two buttons undone."
She'd only been on ten minutes but already had over forty viewers, as if they were waiting for her to come on. "I think I'll start the cooking, call me when it heats up." With that Muriel left and went to the kitchen, leaving the two of us alone for the first time that day.
"How you doing, it's been a strange day."
"I'm doing ok, excited and nervous at the same time, I can't believe we've agreed to film ourselves naked."
I was about to point out that plenty of people had cameras when she posed as Lady Godiva but before I could Suzi leant in and gave me a gorgeous, sumptuous kiss, only interrupted by Muriel shouting. "I seem to be low on potatoes, do you have any over at yours."
"I think we do, I'll go and have a look." Suzi kissed me again and said, "See you soon lover boy, don't get too excited by Ann's cam." Before standing and leaving.
After a few minutes Muriel returned saying she couldn't do anymore till Suzi came back. Ann was up to eighty viewers and began removing her shirt, her boobs pushed up in an undersized bra, "I love her tits." Muriel said almost lecherously. I was smiling at this when Ann's face suddenly turned away from the camera, a surprised looked replaced by an even bigger smile.
I almost choked on my wine. A naked Suzi was kissing Ann, before breaking the embrace and waving at the camera. She turned and bent at the waist, her hands coming behind her and pulling her cheeks apart, the camera somehow automatically zooming in. She straightened and blew a kiss before walking off camera as calmly as she'd walked on. Ann looked speechless, managing "That's the ghost of Lady Godiva who haunts these cabins." Before bursting into a fit of giggles.
By the silly grin on Muriel's face I could tell she wasn't as surprised as me, "What? You didn't really think I was out of potatoes did you?"
"Suzi came up with that idea when you were getting the wine, she texted BJ to make sure he left the doors unlocked." I just smiled, I loved these women.
Suzi came bursting through the door, breathless and naked apart from the sneakers on her feet, her body glowing. I stood up and she almost jumped into my arms, kissing and hugging me hungrily, "It was cold and I decided to run back, it felt so wonderful that I did another short lap of the camp as well. How did I look?"
"Incredible, stunning." Said Muriel.
I couldn't help myself, I rubbed my dick and said in my deepest, dumbest voice "I'd like to fuck that." Muriel looked on confused as we laughed at our silly in-joke.
I cuddled Suzi again and with her back to Muriel I pulled her ass cheeks apart "What do you think Muriel, should she have done it like this." I adjusted my hands and pulled from another angle, "Or like this?"
Muriel giggled, "Stop that David or I'll never get the supper cooked."
As you can imagine, the cam show and Suzi's surprise appearance was the main subject of conversation as we ate, Ann saying she loved it and so did the audience. BJ said it was all recorded and we could watch it back if we wanted, We all laughed as Suzi went bright red and said no thank you.
BJ quickly set up the site and we came up with a name "Naked Me' not very inventive but to the point. He said we should shoot a few photos and videos the next and we'd be up and running. He said that if we planned on putting up daily updates and chatting and answering patrons questions we should charge at least a month and more for the interactive elements. We said we'd decide by the next day when the site went live.
What with the long, exciting day and the wine I think we were all exhausted and a little emotional as we kissed each other goodnight. I thought me and Suzi might chat some more but we quickly fell asleep.
We awoke groggily to a knocking on our cabin, Suzi kicking me out of bed to answer the door. A vibrant and naked Muriel greeted me, video camera in hand. Filming my bleary eyed face she started talking, 'This is David and he lives here with his fiancée Suzi' She scanned down my naked body, my dick twitching when the camera reached it, 'As you can see, he's pleased to see me.' She stopped filming and entered the cabin, whispering she said, "Get Suzi out of bed but don't tell her I have the camera."
I was waking up a bit and thought it might be a bit of fun. I walked back into the bedroom to find Suzi dozing but barely covered by the duvet, it took all my willpower not to ignore Muriel and climb back into bed. I woke her gently, "Muriel's in the living room."
"Well tell her to come in here."
"She already sat down, she seems upset by something."
This was sneaky but I knew the effect it would have, Suzi wakening more and after looking at me strangely, climbing out of bed and going to Muriel.
'And this is the gorgeous Suzi, the girl with the sexiest bed head in the world.'
It took Suzi a moment to realize what was going on and that she was being filmed. I was stood behind her but could see her raise her arm and her finger, "Fucking bitch." She said, although not too angrily. She turned back into the bedroom and looked down at my semi hard-on, saying, "And you can put that fucking thing away as well." Before diving back onto the bed and pulling the duvet up around her.
Muriel was smiling and still filming, laughing as she said, 'So another glorious day in naked central begins.'
Muriel put the camera down and said to get back into bed and she'd bring coffee in. "I'm up now, why don't I film you making coffee."
Muriel was a star, talking to the camera the whole time, bestowing the virtues of a naked lifestyle and giving silly if quaint little bits of advice, 'Be very careful when boiling a kettle, especially you more voluptuous ladies, as ones nips can easily get scolded.'
She seemed completely comfortable being naked in front of the camera and moved with an elegance and grace, her whole demeanor exuding confidence and positivity.
She picked up the two coffees and motioned for me to follow her into the bedroom. Suzi sat up and automatically pulled the duvet up around herself, Muriel bending and giving a lovely view of her ass as she placed the coffees on the nightstand. She turned to the camera and said that she was going to leave us to enjoy our coffee in peace and that she was going to come back later and interview us. She took the camera from me and filmed my naked butt climbing back into bed.
She turned the camera off and sat on the edge of the bed, "Sorry about the rude awakening, couldn't resist it."
"Cow." Suzi looked at the clock and saw it was 09.30, way later than we'd normally get up "What time have you been up since?"
Muriel smiled, "BJ knocked me up at 7." You could always rely on Muriel to use a double entendre if she could. "Said he had an appointment at 9 and did I want him to set a few cameras up in my place so we could get the site going. I said yes and he put one in my bedroom, bathroom, kitchen and living room."
"But your toilet is also in your bathroom." I said.
Muriel's eyes widened as a silly grin crossed her face, "I know, exciting isn't it. You can hear me go but not actually see anything, other than if I stand to wipe. I did pee in the shower before I came out, just to see the quality and you can even see the pee bouncing up as it splashes."
"Enough information. And did this go out on our site?"
"It did but no one's watching as we don't have any members yet. All the live stuff is stored so we can access it later and put it up if we want for anyone who's missed it. BJ said he'd been thinking about it and that we should have two sections to the site, a sort of VIP area where they can see daily live streams and another area where people can chat and see video's and pictures we post. £25 for the VIP and £10 for the standard."
"What contents up now?"
"The intro video that is free and a video of me getting out of bed and stretching. I climbed back in once the camera was up and pretended to be just getting up. I also wrote a quick blog explaining about us and the site."
"You've been busy." Suzi said, smiling as she took a sip of her coffee "Don't you mind having the cameras in your house?"
Muriel hesitated and even looked a little sheepish, "If I'm honest it's like all my wildest fantasies come true, being naked and exposed with god knows who watching me. I've been like a cat on heat since BJ woke me up."
I hadn't had a pee since I woke and that combined with listening to Muriel had me almost painfully hard. I looked at Suzi who had a look on her face that I knew well, a plan, often a dangerous or sexy one, was forming in her head.
Dave you get up and take the camera, Muriel you lie down and spread your legs, show the world how turned on you are. You could see Muriel wanted to, "I don't think we're meant to be that type of fans site."
"As you said yourself, we don't have any fans yet." Suzi literally jumped out of bed, her bouncing boobs and jiggling ass adding to the sexuality in the room. "Dave you turn the camera on and I'll get our laptop.
She returned from the living room, the lap top open and typing with one hand, her eyes widening and a smile forming on her lips, then giving me a dirty look before giggling, "You're meant to be filming Muriel not me." She placed the computer on the bed where she'd lain, her lovely boobs filling the screen in HD. "Dave get out of bed and film Muriel."
I did as I was told, my dick sticking out almost obscenely as I tried to keep the camera trained on Muriel. "It's one of the things male naturists most worry about, getting an embarrassing erection, I was thinking I should do a tutorial for the site on how to get rid of them." As she said this she took a playful swipe at my dick, and chatted her teeth almost Anthony Hopkins style.
"You're such a tart, now lie down and show the world how much you like being filmed."
Muriel lay down and put her head on my pillow, the lap top showing the live stream beside her. I was at the foot of the bed and let the camera slowly pan up her body, her hands gently caressing her tummy and breasts.
"Pinch your nipples." Muriel did as Suzie ordered, a small groan escaping her lips. "Pinch them harder, twist them, pull them to the ceiling, show the world what a bitch on heat will do."
Muriel did it, her eyes closing, her breath shortening and her muscles tensing as she worked herself up.
"Finger yourself, that's it, pull your cunt apart for the world to see. Put three fingers in, rub your clit." There was a gleam of sweat all over Muriel, the sweat and the tension in her muscles making her look incredible as her orgasm built.
"Open your eyes, look at Dave's big cock, where do you want it, in your mouth, in your pussy, up your ass." A stream of yes, yes, yes's escaped Muriel's lips as she arched off the bed, almost panting for breath as she collapsed back down.
I stopped filming and looked to Suzi, her own face red and her hand between her legs. As if reading my mind she said "Don't you fucking dare." I smiled and put the camera down, instead moving to Muriel and gently kissing her forehead before covering her with the duvet.
"I think we all need a cold shower, and no not at yours in front of the camera." Suzi said this as she looked at the lap top, giggling and sayings 'oops.'
"Before Dave started filming I noticed that we already had three VIP members." Suzi stopped but carried on before Muriel could say anything "Well two really, one of them was Ann so we can't really count her. Anyway they were all watching."
Muriel blushed like I'd never seen her "oh my god."
"Ann said it's the hottest thing she's ever seen and that you're a goddess." "oops, a jksmythe says it's disgusting, they thought this was a naturist site and not a porno site, they are cancelling their subscription and telling other naturists not to bother and a daisychained gives you the thumbs up and sends a kiss."
Muriel looked upset and angry, "Sorry, I just thought it would be a bit of fun, I didn't mean to upset you or anyone else." I knew Muriel couldn't be angry at Suzi for too long. She moved to her and they both held each other lovingly. I was proud of myself too; I didn't even get a boner watching them.
"It's as much my fault as yours. Don't worry about Smythe, I think he use to come here with his wife in the old days, she was a lovely, open woman but he was always a bit repressed. I'll email him later and apologize, explain that we didn't realize anyone had signed up and I'll offer him three months free membership, that should do it."
Muriel took to the fansite like a duck to water, happily being filmed naked from the moment she got up till she went to bed. She soon built up a large following and she would spend hours online chatting to people from all over the world, even polishing up her schoolgirl French and German. Myself and Suzi would make daily naked appearances, either busying ourselves around the campsite or popping in for a cup of tea, but it was very much Muriel's show.
We tried to keep ourselves busy but there wasn't much to do. BJ was working, I pottered about and Suzi and Ann became close, spending a lot of time nattering and giggling together. "You should see some the things people say to Ann on her website, some are hilarious and some are a bit disturbing." Suzi said to me out of the blue, one evening as we sat bored, watching TV.
"Such as?"
"All sorts, we have great fun coming up with replies."
It wasn't much of an answer but I could sense there was more. "Dave I'm bored, Ann keeps asking me if I'll appear on her cam again." I raised an eyebrow as if to say 'and?'
"And she's asked me if I want to do a girl/girl video with her to put up on her site."
I was torn, this was the girl I loved, talking about making a porno. A bit of my brain said I should be against it but another bit, the bit between my legs, thought it was a great idea.
"And how do you feel about it?" I asked.
"I really want to do it, but not if it will upset you."
I tried to sound reasonable and not too excited. "I've always encouraged you to be yourself, if you've thought about it and it's what you want to do, then you should do it. I'll love and support you whatever you do."
Suzi kissed me, "You're such a darling." I was about to kiss her back, knowing it would lead to more, when her expression changed.
She swallowed as if her mouth had gone dry, her eyes slightly downcast, "And would it be ok if I do a boy/girl video also."
I didn't know what to say, I didn't want to sound like an idiot, but.
"Or if we can find the right people, a boy/boy/girl video. Or even a boy/boy/boy/girl video." Suzi couldn't hold it in any longer, she burst out laughing.
"You're such an idiot, your face was a picture. All that shit about I'll love and support you whatever you do. I know you just want to see us licking each others pussies."
"You're so predictable and that's why I love you so much. Ann doesn't want to make a video with me as it's not what she wants on her site. I told her she was boring. Anyway I came up with the video story just to wind you up. Ann says I'm wicked."
I couldn't help but smile and tried to remain predictable, "but you'll still do the cam show, won't you?" It was Suzi's turn to smile.
They had already arranged that Suzi would appear the next night and that if it went well she would make regular appearances, "Ann's tried to convince me to start my own cam and fans site, but I told her I was happy to appear on hers for the moment. Does it bother you, knowing I'm going to be filmed and that men and women will be getting off looking at me?"
I weighed up my answer, really trying to think honestly and clearly. "No. Anytime you do anything sexy my first reaction is one of jealously but I almost immediately get over it, knowing you're just letting your sexy, exhibitionist, wild side out, putting on a bit of a show. I'm actually very proud of you and everything you do. Even if you decided that you wanted to make videos with other men and women I think I'd get my head around it, knowing that you love me."
I was expecting a smartass answer but was glad when one didn't come, Suzi looking deep into my eyes, my soul, before kissing me and then smiling, her hand heading south and grabbing my dick through my trousers, "I don't want any dick but this one, but thank you for believing in me and loving me."
We talked some more and I can honestly say that we had never been closer or more in love, feelings reflected in the wonderful love making that followed.
The next morning was bright and dry, Suzi awakening full of nervous energy. "Come on sleepyhead we've a lot to do today, I want to go for a naked jog before breakfast and you're coming with me."
"Can I pee first?"
"If you must."
You could see our breath as we left the cabin, a fresh morning made for running, clothed running at least. I gave an exaggerated shiver, "We'll soon warm up." Said Suzi doing a few stretches, her smile and then her ass as she bent forward warmed every bit of me.
Muriel was naked on her porch, camera in hand, as we passed by. "Morning you two, lovely morning for bouncing boobs and swinging willies." We waved and smiled, our moods even brighter.
As we approached Ann's she was stood outside with BJ, both of them clapping and then wolf whistling as we passed. It dawned on me that Suzi had probably texted them all to say we were going for a run.
"I think we should do another circuit." Suzi said as we approached our cabin.
"Only if I can run behind you and ogle your ass." She effortless sped up.
As we came to Muriel's again, Suzi veered off, stopping in front of Muriel and gently running on the spot, Muriel's big smile visible behind the camera. "Time for a cool down I think Dave."
I was tempted to remain behind Suzi as she started to stretch but decided it might look better for the site if I stopped leering and stood beside her. We even turned side on and supported each other's balance as we stretched our quads. Muriel stopped filming and put the camera down. "That's enough for now, that last segment was particularly good, both David's dick and your nipples sticking out as you faced each other, sensual, erotic and perfectly natural, just how I want the site to be. Are you ready for some breakfast?"
I followed the two naked asses inside, Muriel had prepared a large frittata for the three of us, this was definitely all planned. As we ate Muriel asked Suzi about the plans for the cam show.
"We have a few ideas but nothing definite, it'll be a surprise for you this evening." We pressed her some more but she wasn't giving anything away. Muriel's phoned bleeped and she picked it up to read the message, a saucy smile forming on her lips as she read it, "It's from Ann for you." She said as she passed the phone to Suzi.
Suzi let out a little giggle and her eyes sparkled as she seemed to read the message a second time. She stood up and kissed Muriel, "Thank you for the lovely breakfast." She turned to me, "I won't see you all day, I hope you enjoy the show later." She bent and gave me a luscious, lingering kiss that would have made me weak kneed if I hadn't been sitting. She broke the kiss and straightened, her face a mix of lust, love and satisfaction.
"Bye!" Suzi said brightly as she turned and walked out, giving us an extra wiggle as she did so.
I was dumbfounded and lost. I didn't think she was meeting Ann till the afternoon and now she was gone and I was sat naked at Muriel's table with an almost obscene erection.
Muriel looked at me and smiled and I could tell she wanted to laugh. I knew it was my hound dog look and the whole bizarre situation. I smiled and we both started laughing.
"So what was in the text?"
Muriel tapped her nose, smiling, "Can't tell you yet, but I'll show you it this afternoon."
The cam show wasn't till early evening so I didn't know what the afternoon had to do with it but knew I wouldn't find out beforehand. Muriel got up and made us both coffees, chatting away as she did so. She was always an attractive woman but I think doing the fan site had given her an extra pep in her step and a glow to her skin. With the laughing my dick had softened but I felt it twitch back to life as I watched her. I think she could read my mind.
"Do you know David it's ages since I'd seen you so engorged, it's a wonderful sight and it's given me an idea for a video for the fans site. Do you think you could get it that hard and big again?"
I didn't know where this was going but couldn't help but smile as Muriel stared down at my rapidly hardening member. I'd shared many intimate, sexual times with Muriel, but always with Suzy present and involved. This felt a bit strange.
"My idea for the video is that many man worry about getting erections when they are with other naturists. I could interview you and you could talk about this and then I could film you with an erection and you could show how you get rid of it." She stared down at my dick again and I'm sure it got even harder "Perhaps we should do the filming first."
We talked some more, me saying that I didn't know what to say to the camera and Muriel telling me to just start talking and that I'd be fine. I'd done a little video editing for my course when I was at college and as we had another coffee a few ideas were forming in my head. I explained them to Muriel and we started filming.
I introduced myself and explained the subject, then as we discussed, Muriel zoomed in on my dick, I continued talking, "I like being filmed and find being in the presence of a naked attractive women arousing." On cue my dick began to flex and grow. "This is all perfectly natural but can sometimes be awkward and embarrassing. You will find your own way to prevent it but my two main ways are to distract myself or have a cold shower or a swim or something similar. I distract myself by trying to solve puzzles or math's in my head." My dick was now three quarters erect, with the camera still focused on it. I asked Muriel to think of two large numbers, she said 150 x 187. As I struggled with it my erection settled. By the time I said 28050, I was pretty much back to normal.
She zoomed back up to my face, I was smiling but managed to say a few more words to the camera before she stopped filming.
"That's marvelous; I hope my hand stayed steady as your dick grew. Now I have an idea for another segment we can put in that video, follow me outside."
We walked over and stood in front of a green hedge. "Now for this segment I need you at your hardest and biggest, I thought perhaps I might help you with that, I know Suzi won't mind."
Before I could say anything or ask what she had in mind, Muriel squatted down on her haunches, took my dick in her hand and stuck it in her mouth. I was a bit taken aback and conflicted. It felt wonderful and looked incredible. Her head moving and the crack of her ass becoming visible each time she rocked forward. Any guilt or doubts I had were forgotten as I felt my orgasm building.
Muriel stopped, jumped up and got the camera, She reached around the hedge and I knew what was coming. I was hit by a freezing cold gush of water as Muriel turned on a garden hose.
I yelped and tried not to swear, Muriel giggling as I squirmed and turned away. She turned the camera back to herself, still laughing and said. "That is another effective way of getting rid of an erection."
We were sat around her table, ready to edit the video, when Muriel said "My jaw aches, I must be out of practice."
We had a light lunch and thankfully we got busy editing and posting the video, taking my mind off what Suzi and Ann might be up to. Around four Muriel's phone bleeped again "Ann says they will be on cam at 5 and not to miss it, it'll be something special. She also says there's a new video up on her fans site that we might want to watch, but no wanking, save that for the cam show."
We both smiled, "I can't promise that I won't." I said as we sat down on the sofa and connected the lap top to the TV.
"Nor can I." Muriel said, her hand coming to rest on my thigh, "maybe a glass of wine will help us relax and enjoy it." I knew that meant I had to go to the kitchen and fetch it.
I returned with two glasses and the bottle, Muriel happily staring at my swinging dick as I returned, "I'm so looking forward to this evening, cheers." Muriel said as she raised her glass and pressed play on the video.
Ann's smiling face filled the screen, "Welcome to my first 'How To" video." She giggled, "Today I'm going to show how to shave a woman's privates. Women viewers may learn something and you men out there will definitely learn something." She paused and winked, "Enjoy."
The camera scanned left to a smiling, naked Suzi, legs spread and awaiting Ann's ministrations. I went to say something but Muriel shushed me, her hand slowly rubbing my thigh as if to calm me. The camera slowly zoomed in, first to Suzi's erect nipples and then down to her light fuzz and moist looking pussy.
"This is a friend of mine and as you can see she needs a little pampering." Ann was smiling the whole time, her eyes alight with mischief as her fingers ran gently through the light growth, an idle finger tracing slowly along Suzi's glistening lips, Suzi's gasp clearly audible.
Ann became matter of fact as soaped Suzi up. "It's important to soften the hair follicles. A safety razor is obviously safer but an old fashioned cut throat is much more fun." From off screen Ann produced a shining cut throat razor, its blade gleaming in the light. Suzi's gasp could again be heard.
Ann pulled the skin taut, the camera zooming in even more and Suzi's lips parting as she did so. I was transfixed by the image, my mind reeling as Muriel's hand moved to my inner thigh, her finger tips brushing against my scrotum, my erect dick twitching with the contact.
The blade began to move, smooth, almost expert strokes. The camera angle changed and just as it dawned on me that BJ must be filming this, Muriel took my dick in her hand and started stroking.
Ann pulled the lips apart, allowing the camera a wonderful, drawn out view of Suzi's glistening cunt. I was staring at the screen as I felt Muriel's grip tighten and her pace quicken, I went to say something but Muriel shushed me again, telling me to watch and enjoy.
Ann flicked the blade almost nonchalantly as she removed the last few hairs, her fingers beginning to caress and probe, finding Suzi's nub as her ass shifted forward and her legs spread further.
I'd been horny all day, what with the filming and the prospect of that nights cam show. As my orgasm started to build I knew I couldn't stop it. I could hear Suzi's moaning growing louder and could see her pelvis jerking, streams of my own jiz covering my chest and chin as I let out an almighty cry.
I must have closed my eyes because as I started to breathe again I could see that Ann was now sat beside Suzi, almost cuddled in, both with huge grins on their faces. Muriel's fingers were aimlessly playing with the gooey mess on my belly, gently tracing shapes as she watched the TV. I heard Ann speak, "Thank you for watching my video and I hope you found it educational." They both started giggling, Ann gathered herself "My next 'How To' video will be How to fuck someone up the ass with a strap-on dildo, so stayed tuned." They both got into kinks of laughter, unable to stop themselves, the video stopped and the screen went blank.
"Wow." Was all I could manage to say.
"Wow indeed, the gorgeous, sexy little hussies. You just wouldn't know what they would get up to." I looked at Muriel, wondering how much she knew about all of it. Before I could say anything she raised a finger to her mouth, sucking off remnants of my cum, I felt my dick twitch. "Don't move, I don't want you dripping your seed all over the floor, I'll get some wipes."
I couldn't help admiring and lusting after Muriel's ass as she stood up, I was still fucking horny. She returned with the wipes and her phone, "Another text from Ann and Suzi, 'you look like you really enjoyed the video, see you later lover boy'"
I was confused and then it dawned on me, looking at a camera mounted in the corner I could see a little flashing light, "Did we just go out live on your fan site?"
Muriel couldn't stop the huge, shit eating grin on her face, "Yes and it was as beautiful, erotic and natural as I knew it would be." I just smiled and shook my head.
After I was cleaned up and Muriel had turned off all the cameras she showed me the text that Ann had sent that morning. 'Woohoo sexy naked jogging lady. Love your pubic hair, can I shave it for you. BJ's birthday today, can I let him film close-ups of your gorgeous pussy as a present, please say you will. PS maybe Muriel can keep Dave entertained for the day' It was followed by loads of kisses and wink emojis.
I smiled, "So it was all planned?"
"Broadly yes, although I was planning on sucking you dry but then thought it might be too much for the fan site, also I wouldn't be able to watch the TV as I did it, the old neck's not as flexible as it once was." You couldn't help but love Muriel.
Muriel told me that Ann and BJ had been planning the cam show for days, "I told them they'd have no trouble convincing Suzi. I could see she was bored and Suzi's always up for a bit of fun and a challenge." "You know how these things are, the more you discuss them, the more ideas you come up with, like today for instance."
"So is today actually BJ's birthday?"
"Oh yes, I offered to let him film my old cunny as a present but I think Suzi's was more appealing. Now I think it's about time for the cam show."
We settled down to watch it, Muriel telling me that Ann had been advertising it on her social media and hoped for a good audience. She was also running a simultaneous feed on her fans account which she didn't normally do. "It's only for her VIP clients and they're paying an extra £5 to view it."
We clicked on to see a pale and worried looking Ann staring at the camera. "Do you believe in ghosts? I didn't until last night when one visited me. She's threatened to visit again when I'm on cam, I nearly cancelled this show because I was scared but I didn't want to let you down."
The lighting on the set changed, becoming more eerie, Ann looking suitably scared. A ghostly, almost translucent Sarah appeared behind Ann. "I've got goosebumps. What, she's behind me?" Ann was wide eyed reading the comments, her breathing quickening, really playing it up.
Ann stood up, she was wearing heals and stockings and a buttoned white shirt that finished just above the stockings. I wouldn't say I was into stockings but she looked very hot. She stood facing the naked Suzi and put her hand out to touch her. Her hand seemed to pass right through Suzi and she pulled it back in shock.
"How do they do that?" Muriel asked about the special effects, staring at the screen and seemingly unaware that her left hand was in her crotch, gently playing with herself.
"I don't know but it's very clever." I signaled for Muriel to turn and lean into me, my hand now able to play with her nipples which I knew she loved.
"Who are you, how can I touch you?" Ann asked, it wasn't Shakespear but it was fun.
"I'm Lady Godiva. To touch me you must believe in me, you must give yourself to me, you must give your sex to me. Do you believe in me?"
Ann gave a little nod, "Say it." commanded Suzi.
"I believe in you."
"Good, take your shirt off."
Ann removed her shirt, revealing she was nakedly gorgeous beneath, shoulders back and tits out. Suzi's ghost grabbed at a boob and pulled it to her mouth, sucking hard. She let go and her other hand went to Ann's pussy, her whole arm and body beginning to shake as if a power was passing though them, her image becoming more formed until the two beautiful woman were stood facing each other, they began to kiss.
"This is wonderful, very hammy, but wonderful." Muriel said and I couldn't disagree.
Ann broke the kiss and returned to her chair, Suzi kept up the show by feeling and prodding herself as if to make sure she was real and whole.
Ann's face was no longer pale, her normal cheeky smile returned. "As you can see, this is very special. If you want to see me get fucked by a ghost you must log onto my private show." She blew a kiss and the screen went blank.
Muriel was ready for this, she quickly changed our feed to Ann's fans site and tapped in a code, the two smiling women flashing up on the screen again. She explained that only members of the cam site, and not guests, could access the private show, they would be charged tokens for every minute they watched. "It was the only way she could think to charge people, rather than them paying for individual acts."
I nodded, not fully understanding but more interested in tweaking Muriel's nipples and watching the girls on screen than I was in the workings of the cam site. Muriel's groans told me I was doing a good job.
Suzi led Ann to the bed, throwing her down and splaying her legs wide, giving the camera time to film an almost internal close up. "Be prepared to feel the power of the ghost." She said as her tongue probed into Ann. It really was lovely, hammy stuff.
I don't know how much was scripted but they seemed to be genuinely enjoying each other, the action bordering on love making as much just having sex. As if signaled to do so they would sometimes position themselves so the camera could get a shot of a finger or a tongue, but for the most part it flowed.
My favorite part was when Ann pulled Suzi's ass cheeks apart, allowing the camera a lingering shot of her slightly gaped hole, myself and Muriel smiling at the homage to James' photograph.
Suzi, Ann and BJ came bouncing through the door of Muriel's cabin, the girls both dressed in white fluffy dressing gowns. Suzi almost jumped into my arms as she started kissing me passionately. "What did you think of it all, did you mind?" She eventually asked.
"No I didn't mind, I thought you were all incredible, brilliant and incredibly sexy. I now believe in ghosts."
She kissed me again, a wonderful, happy smile on her face "I want to do it again and again and then do it some more."
Lockdown wasn't going to be so bad after all.