My gorgeous Ellie likes to masturbate, although if you ever met her you really wouldn't think she was the type. She is the most serene and beautiful wife I could ever wish for, a slim genuine blue eyed blonde with long hair just wavy enough not to be called straight and such pale skin that she has an almost ethereal look. She's so very gentle and tranquil outside of the bedroom and it's almost impossible to imagine her being uninhibited enough to play with herself inside of it. But she is and she does, and she loves it.
The only problem is that she won't do it with me present, even though she knows that I love to watch. It's not because she's shy, far from it, she used to often let me watch her and she told me that having me there was a massive turn on for her - and that was the problem. By the time she was getting close to orgasm she was so turned on that she simply wanted me to mount her, and I was too turned on to say no! After this happened a number of times she simply stopped doing it except when I was out. She said that it was the only time she could enjoy a good old self induced climax, and she was probably right.
It was infuriating, wanting to see her at play but not being able to, so eventually I devised a plan. Determined to watch her enjoying herself I installed a secret camera in our bedroom. It is hidden in the junk that has accumulated on top of the wardrobe, trained on the bed and controlled by a motion sensor linked to my laptop. Now I can watch her secretly without ever disturbing her. It might have been that she would have been okay with it, but I wasn't going to take the risk and so I didn't tell her. Anyway, it's worked for me and I've watched and wanked over some of the most erotic images any man could wish to see. I've even watched her using a couple of vibrators I didn't know she had and then, more strangely, running ice cubes over her nipples and clit. In fact she seemed to be up for pretty much anything a woman can do to herself, and I've loved watching every minute of it. Of course observing her like that and recording her on my laptop also meant that I could watch the same session over again as many times as I want. So it's a win-win situation for me, unless she ever finds out of course.
I hope she never does, because a little while ago I saw the start of something that totally blew my mind. I was driving from one sales appointment to the next when my phone bleeped to tell me that the motion sensor had been triggered and so I quickly pulled into the next lay-by to see what was happening. Of course most often I log on only to find that she's just putting some clothes away, or making the bed, or doing some other mundane task, but just occasionally I'm rewarded by seeing her undress and sprawl out on the bed to unwittingly give me the thrill of the day, and this was to prove to be one of those days - in spades.
This time I was both surprised and intrigued, and maybe at first a little disappointed, to see two figures because Ellie had Lauren with her. Lauren is a friend of ours and one of our near neighbours, but as far as I knew she was not a particularly close friend and so I wondered why Ellie had invited her into our bedroom. Curious, I wound up the sound and listened, just in time to hear Ellie asking Lauren 'are you sure?', at which Lauren nodded vigorously and they both dissolved into a fit of what sounded very much like embarrassed giggling, That of course made me even more curious about what was going on, but I wasn't prepared for what they did next. When they finally got their giggles under control they each went around to opposite sides of the bed and began to undress. I watched with my mouth hanging open in surprise.
'This will teach you to say you felt horny with Dale being away, and that you'd have to do something about it.' Ellie chuckled, stepping out of her jeans.
Lauren reached behind herself to unhook her bra, and incidentally to expose a magnificent pair of breasts. 'Yes, but I didn't expect us to end up doing this.'
Now my mouth snapped shut from shock. Was I about to see my wife involved in some sort of lesbian session with Lauren, were they going to make love to each other? Ellie had never mentioned being interested in women, not even in just the bicurious sense, and Lauren was happily married as far as I knew.
Stripped completely naked they stood facing each other across the bed for a few moments before simultaneously climbing on and lying down side by side, with Lauren on Ellie's right. I'd never seen Lauren naked before and I have to admit that I was impressed by what I saw. She's a tall, solidly built, longhaired brunette with brown eyes and a good all over tan, she's aged around forty, so a few years older than either of us and a little taller than Ellie, and she's also just as incredibly beautiful, but in a different way. She's blessed with larger breasts, tipped with the most exquisite brown nipples, and a stomach that is just rounded enough to look soft and comfortable. The two of them, Ellie and Lauren, made quite a contrast side by side, blonde and brunette, elfin and elegant, slender and well built. About the only thing they had in common was their different good looks, and the fact that they were both shaven. I was spellbound, what next?
It didn't look as though they were about to make love to each other because it seemed that they were deliberately leaving a space between them as if to make sure they didn't make contact, so I looked at them and came to a different conclusion about what they might be going to do, although I was finding that difficult to believe as well. All I could do was watch and wonder as they settled themselves. They paused, as if plucking up courage, and then they glanced across and smiled shyly at each other.
'Ready?' Ellie asked, her voice coming to me surprisingly clearly.
'I think so.' Lauren didn't sound so sure.
'Well, you were the one who suggested it.' Ellie giggled at Lauren's apparently sudden reticence.
'I didn't.' Lauren protested. 'I asked if you would dare do it with someone else there.'
'And I said that I dare if you dare, and you said you would.'
So that's what started all this, a simple dare. At least it didn't seem to be a lesbian thing and that's all that worried me. Now I was sure that I knew what was coming and when Lauren shrugged and nodded her acceptance I knew I was right, I was about to see the two women masturbating. Even so, when both Lauren and Ellie spread their legs apart and rested a hand in between them I felt that jolt of adrenalin that comes with delighted surprise.
But then all of a sudden I felt very disconcerted about it when they simultaneously began to play with themselves. It was amazing to watch, but I had to wonder, did it count as Ellie cheating on me because she was naked with another woman and masturbating? And even if it didn't, was it even acceptable for my wife to be doing such a thing? My initial reaction was to want to drive home as fast as I could and stop them, but then I realised that they weren't actually doing anything to each other and showing no signs that they intended to, in fact they weren't even touching. Besides, by the time I got there it would be too late and more to the point it would betray the fact that I was spying - and to be truthful I was quickly getting far too fascinated and turned on to worry.
I soon forgot about the morality of what they were doing and simply watched their unintentional show. In fact, if I hadn't been parked so close to a busy road I would probably have unzipped and joined in without their knowledge. Never mind, I knew everything was being recorded and I'd be able to watch it again later on, and then I would indulge in a little diy for sure. But for the moment all I did was sit and stare. I've never made a secret of having a fantasy about watching women masturbate and I'd managed to sneakily watch Ellie a quite number of times since putting the camera in, but this time I was getting double the pleasure by witnessing two women playing next to each other at the same time. I was in absolute heaven.
They both started a little tentatively, turning their faces to make deliberate eyes contact as if to persuade each other that they weren't trying to watch what the other was doing, each one smiling self-conscious little smiles as their fingers found their clits and they began very hesitantly to rub. There they lay, their fingers initially playing very cautiously and hesitantly, until they got used to the idea of having someone else with them I suppose. Meanwhile there I sat, my cock trying its hardest to burst out through my zip while I willed them to get on with it.
Fortunately it wasn't long before they began to play more confidently and their legs drifted a bit further apart, their knees raised a little way so that they were now lightly touching each other. I guess this was an instinctive move as they became more aroused, but it also meant that I could see much more of their naughty bits. My eyes went from one pussy to the other on my screen, fascinated by the different way the two women played. Lauren pressed two fingers between her rather fleshy labia and rubbed her clit quite firmly while Ellie as usual was using her fingers to lightly skip back and forth over the tip of hers.
Soon little gasps were coming from my laptop and I could see them getting more and more turned on. They opened their legs a bit further, pivoting slightly on the bed as their legs parted more so that their shoulders were now touching and their faces gazed at each other from only inches apart. They were smiling shyly at each other, their eyes closing intermittently as pleasure began to overcome them. Neither of them, it seemed, was bothered by the other's presence in any negative way but I couldn't help but wonder if they were having any positive influence on each other. Perhaps they were turning each other on.
And then it seemed that maybe they were, because I suddenly heard Lauren whisper. 'Oh my god Ellie, it's fabulous having you there.'
'I know, I always love being watched.'
'Oh, so how many others do you let watch you?' Lauren teased, giggling throatily.
'Only my husband.' Ellie answered after a pause, opening her eyes and staring into Lauren's face once more.
That wasn't quite true, I was watching but she wasn't letting me.
'And now me.' Lauren smiled and glanced quickly down to where Ellie's fingers played.
'And now you.' Ellie agreed with a smile, raising her leg and draping it over the top of Lauren's so that they both could spread themselves even wider.
The two women lapsed into a silence broken only by the sound of their breathing and little gasps as waves of pleasure surged through them. My God, it was so erotic to see these two women, one of them my own wife, naked on a bed and rubbing themselves off. I watched with my cock begging to be free. I wished I could unzip and surreptitiously join in, but a trucker looking down into my car as he passed quickly put that idea out of my head. I turned my attention back to the screen, settling for a furtive feel of my rigid shaft through my clothes. There would always be another time.
They were very obviously enjoying what they were doing and the noises they were making became more and more frequent with Lauren's gasps soon resolving themselves into distinct 'oh's. Then one after the other their bodies started to twitch, little involuntary jerks that came in time to their gasps and made them grin at each other and giggle with embarrassed enjoyment. It didn't put them off though.
I could see that they had instinctively moved even closer together now so that their hips and shoulders were touching and their faces only a couple of inches apart. But even that close it seemed that they were too shy to deliberately look down at what their hands were doing and their gazes were locked onto each other except for a few quick furtive glances. I was lucky; I could gaze at both of them without any hang-ups.
But then I saw something that I hadn't expected to see, Lauren suddenly moved her head forward, bridged the narrow gap and kissed Ellie right on the lips. It wasn't a passionate kiss, little more than a quick peck, but it was enough for Ellie to jerk her head away with a look of alarm on her face. For a moment both women stopped playing and I thought that the magic had been broken. But then Ellie smiled and moved back, placing her lips against Lauren's in a brief return kiss. Lauren made to kiss Ellie again, but Ellie shook her head and lightly placed her finger over Lauren's lips, obviously telling her it wasn't her thing and that the episode was closed. Lauren nodded and shrugged in silent acceptance and the women smiled at each other, letting their fingers begin moving once more. I wasn't sure what Lauren was trying to do, it was probably nothing more than a spontaneous display of excitement, but I had to admit a bizarre mixture of both satisfaction and disappointment that Ellie hadn't let herself become more involved.
I didn't think that Lauren's kiss had anything to do with it, probably the reverse, but very soon I could see that Ellie was approaching her climax. Her pelvis was lifting and her pleasure noises were becoming audible over Lauren's, and her face began to screw up in the way I knew and loved so well. I was riveted, watching my wife getting closer and closer to an orgasm in the presence of another woman. And then she was there, her teeth clenched and her breath came in one long shuddering hiss while her pelvis lifted from the bed and remained raised, bouncing erratically as each wave of pleasure passed through her. Even her breasts were moving in response to every jolt, and looking lovelier each time. It was a powerful climax, though not a long one, briefer and more explosive perhaps than usual and definitely stronger, maybe Lauren's presence caused that. I could see that Lauren had paused and was intently watching Ellie all the way through, her eyes fixed unashamedly on my wife's rapidly moving fingers as she came, while her own hand now lay immobile over her pussy. It was quite a tableau, erotic and intense, and one that will stay fixed in my mind forever. But then, as quickly as it had arrived, Ellie's climax was over and she slumped back onto the bed, her chest heaving and her breath coming in hoarse gasps.
'Wow.' Ellie exclaimed breathlessly after a minute or so, turning her head to grin at Lauren again. 'That was something.'
'Good?' Lauren asked.
'Wonderful.'
Lauren looked carefully at Ellie, suddenly serious. 'Look, I'm sorry for what I did; it was a spur of the moment thing. It didn't mean anything.'
Ellie shook her head. 'Forget it, I have.'
I hadn't!
The two women gazed at each other for a moment or two and then the incident was past. Suddenly Ellie seemed to realise that Lauren had fingers had come to a standstill, because she frowned before telling her quietly. 'Don't stop, I want you to come too.'
'I don't think I can.'
'Yes you can.' Ellie encouraged her. 'Go on, you've seen me, let me watch you, it's only fair.'
Lauren surrendered and placed her hand back over her pussy, but she made no attempt to start playing again, either shyness or embarrassment preventing her. In the end Ellie put her own hand back between her legs and began to rub herself gently. 'Come on, let's do it together.'
At last Lauren started to play with herself again, perhaps reassured by Ellie joining in, although for a while their play was limited. In Lauren's case I presume that Ellie's climax and maybe her own misguided attempt to kiss Ellie that had put her off, but as far as my wife was concerned, well I can read her better than Lauren could and I got the distinct impression that she was just keeping Lauren company, encouraging her with no real intention of climaxing again herself. Slowly the eroticism inherent in what they were doing began to restore Lauren's arousal and she began to masturbate properly again, until very soon she was making those same 'oh' sounds as before and was starting to move under the influence of her fingers. It was clear that she was back on the road to a climax, but the unfamiliar situation was taking its toll. She was visibly very turned on and almost on the edge of coming, but she just didn't seem to be able to get herself there. She was making all the sounds of arousal and pleasure and she was wriggling around urgently as her fingers rubbed and massaged her clitoris, but she still seemed to be stuck on the edge. She turned her face to Ellie again and giggled self-consciously.
'Nearly.' She gasped. 'I'm just not used to anyone seeing me.'
'I'll look away if you want.' Ellie told her, still running her fingertips over herself.
'No, don't!' She sounded almost alarmed at the thought. 'I want you to watch me. Having the nerve to be watched is what the dare was all about, isn't it?'
'Take your time and just let it happen.'
Lauren wasn't able to take Ellie's advice to take her time; she was far too turned on for that, but she could do nothing else but let it happen. She was wriggling and writhing as she rubbed herself more and more urgently, her free hand grabbing at her breast and squeezing it hard before tugging on her nipple. It seemed to be taking her forever to climax and all the time I watched with almost desperate frustration, cursing the traffic that flashed past beside me. But then, eventually, finally, it happened.
'I'm going to come.' She told Ellie at last, her voice coming harsh and throaty. Ellie smiled and stared at her, eyes gleaming with excitement.
'Oh!' Lauren exclaimed suddenly. 'Yessss! I'm there.' Her cry was almost unintelligible as her orgasm finally arrived. Her head lifted from the bed and her body jack-knifed in uncontrollable spasm as it reached its overpowering peak. Her hand left her breast and flailed around until it grabbed at the top of Ellie's thigh where it was draped over her own, fingertips digging deeply into the soft flesh. She flopped back on the bed with fingers still flying over her clit, her pelvis bouncing and her legs opening and closing. Ellie tried to move her leg out of the way from over Lauren's, but the hand gripping the top of her thigh held it tightly in place, almost as if Lauren wanted Ellie to be caught up in her enjoyment. I stared, absolutely enthralled to see a neighbour of ours climaxing violently on our bed with my wife calmly watching, her own fingers playing with herself all the way through. What a picture.
It was a very long and very powerful climax and when it finally subsided Lauren sprawled back on the bed breathless and trembling, then she looked across at Ellie and burst out into embarrassed laughter.
'God, I never thought I could do that.' She panted, both hands now resting immobile on her stomach. 'Nobody has ever seen me doing it before.'
'Serves you right.' Ellie giggled, her hand still playing quietly with her pussy. 'You shouldn't have said Dale being away had left you feeling horny.'
'Yes, but I wasn't thinking of doing anything with you watching.'
'Well, you shouldn't have talked about what you were missing; you made me horny too.'
Lauren shook her head. 'It was good though. It made me come a whole lot harder than usual.' She giggled self-consciously to herself. 'I'm glad we're doing it together.'
'I guess you enjoyed it then?' Ellie asked with a grin, still rubbing herself gently.
Lauren nodded and grinned. 'Oh yes. I did, I really, really did.' There was a pause. 'Are you going to carry on?' She asked.
'Do you mind?'
'Not so long as I can watch.'
Ellie nodded without speaking and then closed her eyes, her fingers now moving more rapidly across her clit. Lauren raised her head from the pillow and watched for a couple of minutes before she rolled on her side and propped her head on her hand to get a better view. Ellie opened her eyes for a moment to see what Lauren was doing and smiled, closing them again and sighing contentedly, seemingly happy to know that her friend was watching.
I know that Ellie can frequently have several orgasms one after the other, but for some reason her second one always seems to take longest to arrive, and so I settled down to observe, using my fingers to work my aching cock into a more comfortable position. If only I was parked somewhere more private, because I really did want to wank along with her. It was torture having to watch without joining in. I tried hard to resist but to hell with it, I just couldn't do it and after an uncomfortable minute or so I shrugged mentally and gave in to my urges. I took a long look around and then seeing that the traffic had slackened I took the risk and eased my cock out, positioning my laptop to try and hide what I was doing. No doubt the derisive wailing of a trucker's horn would tell me if I'd got it wrong and been spotted.
Ellie's breathing started to become deeper as her arousal took hold again. I was gently running my fingers along my shaft as I enjoyed the scene. Now the only person not actively participating for the moment was Lauren, who still lay naked on her side watching Ellie at play with bright eager eyes. I wondered if she would become turned on enough again to roll onto her back and join in. It would give me a buzz to see them both playing and coming again. She was certainly was becoming turned on again and so I thought it was more than possible. I could see how aroused she was in the way she was watching my wife so intently, even leaning forward just a little and with her folded knees pushed under Ellie's open leg. My only reservation was that she seemed maybe a bit too interested in my wife. I was becoming more convinced that that earlier kiss had not been an impulsive act but possibly a first attempt at seduction, and I was afraid another uninvited advance would spoil things. For a few minutes we all remained like that, with Ellie masturbating openly and unsuspectingly before her friend and unknowingly in front of me as well. She was getting more and more excited now, her breathing was becoming more ragged and pronounced, and she was frowning and biting her lips in concentration. I just hoped she wouldn't get there before I did. I stroked my shaft more firmly, wanting, no, needing, to make myself come regardless of anyone who might catch me.
And then Lauren made her next move. Without any warning she simply reached across and began to run her fingertips around Ellie's breasts, circling the nipples before finally placing her hand firmly on the right breast and gently squeezing it. Ellie's eyes shot open and I thoroughly expected her to object, but she just gazed across at Lauren and smiled before closing them again.
'This isn't spur of the moment, is it?' She asked quietly.
'No' Lauren admitted. 'Do you mind?'
'No, I don't mind.' Ellie slowly shook her head with her eyes still closed, smiling dreamily.
I watched in bewilderment, astounded by what was happening on the screen straight in front of me and feeling curiously pleased, but unable to understand it. Ellie had firmly rejected Lauren's attempt to kiss her, but now she was allowing herself to be fondled with no problem at all. But at least she was just passively accepting Lauren's touch and not overtly responding to it or encouraging it. Maybe, as Ellie's husband, I should have been outraged by Lauren's behaviour and by Ellie's unspoken acceptance of it, but instead I found it turned me on even more and I felt my own climax beginning to build. What man could help but get off on watching another woman caressing his wife? The answer, this one couldn't, I'd never been so aroused in my life. I fished into my jacket pocket for a pack of tissues, knowing full well that I was going to need them sooner or later - and probably sooner.
For several minutes the three of us played together, with two unaware of the third, but then the climax that I had felt building suddenly arrived and I had to grab for the tissues. My god, it was huge. If it wasn't for that handful of tissues I would have sprayed the inside of my car. Spurt after spurt shot into them until they could cope with no more and I felt cum trickling out and onto my shirt. Panting for breath and totally uncoordinated I scrabbled for more, ineffectively mopping my shirt and wiping my front and then unsuccessfully grabbing for my laptop as it slid into the footwell of the car. Of course, by the time I had got myself sorted and was able to take another look at my screen Ellie had climaxed too and I was just in time to see Lauren roll away and Ellie sprawl back with her chest heaving and her legs trembling.
I relaxed back in my seat, cursing and swearing at what I thought I'd missed, completely forgetting for the moment that the whole episode had been recorded. By the time I'd calmed down and realised I could watch it all again they were pretty much composed and relaxed and it was obvious that the fun was over, at least for that time.
They looked at each other and smiled silently, heads still resting on the pillows, and then Ellie giggled. 'Do you want to call round again next week?'
'It's not for any particular reason that you want me to call round?' Lauren asked, trying to look innocent.
'I just wondered what sort of dare you'd come up with the next time?'
'But I keep telling you, I didn't intend it like that.'
'So you say.' Ellie was grinning at Lauren's discomfiture.
'So I say.' Lauren affirmed, and then grinned herself. 'It was nice though, wasn't it? Once we got going.'
'Once you got going, you mean.'
I guessed that Ellie was referring to Lauren's initial shyness, and I was a bit surprised that she didn't say something about Lauren's wandering hands, but she didn't. I was becoming a little concerned that Ellie wasn't firm enough in rebuffing Lauren's advances, it might easily give her the wrong impression.
Ellie swung her legs off the bed and reached for her clothes. 'What about next week? Same time?'
'Sounds good to me.' Lauren grinned knowingly and then looked at Ellie with a twinkle in her eye. 'Maybe I should come round a little earlier so we can have more fun?'
'No, make it the same time. There's a limit to how much fun I can cope with in one day.' Ellie giggled as she said it, returning Lauren's knowing look.
There it was, the rebuff I'd been waiting for. Now I felt much more relaxed about them meeting again, in fact I was quite looking forward to it knowing that Ellie wasn't going to turn lesbian.
I watched the two women get dressed, giggling excitedly again because of what they'd been doing and what they planned to repeat. I was going to make sure I was watching when they did, and this time from somewhere more private. Now all I had to do was to go where I could watch the recording and see what I had missed.
I also knew I was going to have a hard time saying nothing to Ellie about what I'd seen, but I was dead certain that the brown stuff would hit the fan and I'd never get to see another thing if I didn't keep quiet. That was especially true because for the entire week, every single night, Ellie was as horny as hell, so much so that I had a job keeping up with her. I didn't know for sure that it was because of her play session with Lauren but it seemed a good bet and if it was, then that was a bonus I hadn't expected. As far as I was concerned they could frig themselves silly every week if that was the result.
In the end I succeeded in keeping my mouth shut, though I almost let on what I thought had caused her sexiness, and so exactly one week later I was parked up at the end of a farm track alongside a growing wheat field, zip undone and laptop at the ready. Fortunately it was raining and so it was unlikely that anyone would disturb me, and in any case I would see them coming long before they got too close. And of course the leaden skies meant that the image on my laptop was clearer. This was going to be one hell of a day.
Naturally, the one time I was in a state of high anticipation was the one time they were later than I expected coming up the stairs. It was at least fifteen long minutes after the time before when they finally burst through the bedroom door, giggling nervously again, and by then I'd almost wanked myself to a climax.
'Do we need to dare each other?' Lauren asked.
'What, like you did the last time?' Ellie chuckled while unbuttoning her blouse.
'We're not going through that again.' Lauren chided her, unhooking her skirt. 'Let's just get started.'
'Well, you're a lot more confident this time.'
'I've got used to the idea,' Lauren replied. 'And watching you is such a turn on.'
'Just like playing with my boobs is?'
'Did you mind?' Lauren slid her panties down her legs.
'No, I didn't mind.' Ellie climbed naked onto the bed. 'It was nice.'
She must have realised that she was giving tacit consent for it to happen again.
They settled themselves on the bed naked just like before, and then looked at each other and grinned.
'Shall we?' Ellie asked, letting her hand find its way between her legs, fingertips hunting gently for her clitoris. Lauren watched quietly for a few moments and then followed suit, spreading her legs wider and gently massaging her pussy. I watched just as before, except that now I didn't have to hide my cock and I was openly stroking my shaft.
This time the two women lay on their backs with their eyes closed rather than watching each other, and very soon the same pleasure noises as before were coming from my laptop, although for some reason I had the distinct impression that Lauren was holding back a little, perhaps coyness had caught her out again. I enjoyed watching them play for a little while, gazing at their moving fingers as I stroked myself and hoped I'd hold out until at least one of them came.
But then once again things didn't go as I expected, and once again it was Lauren who caught me by surprise, because she abruptly stopped playing and turned her head to gaze at Ellie. At first I assumed it was shyness, but she had a far too confident air for that, especially when she turned on her side and propped her head on her hand so that she could watch Ellie more closely, just like the last time. Ellie's eyes flickered open for a moment and she smiled before closing them again and sighing contentedly, apparently happy that she was being watched. If only she knew that she had more than one spectator.
Ellie closed her eyes and settled back, her fingers moving softly across her button while both Lauren and I both watched eagerly, all of us doing our own thing. Their arrival in the bedroom had put my own climax on hold but now I could feel my balls tensing again. I was watching my wife masturbate and that's always a massive turn on for me, and I couldn't help but wonder if it was having the same effect on Lauren. I suspected it might and that was fine by me.
Lauren simply lay there watching, one hand under her cheek and the other resting quietly on her hip. For the time being she was doing absolutely nothing, but the gleam in her eye told me that it wouldn't be long before instinct took over. As for me I'd pushed my seat back and sat there with my laptop on my knees and my hand wrapped around my shaft, stroking determinedly - and this time I had tissues at the ready.
For a short while very little happened, I watched Lauren watching Ellie while Ellie carried on gently playing, her eyes popping open from time to time to give Lauren a quick look and a shy grin. But then her arousal began to show and I saw her lick her lips and her hips start to wriggle. Soon I could hear her breathing more quickly, the breaths becoming a little ragged with her mouth now remaining half open and her eyes squeezed shut. I suddenly realised that I was rubbing my cock more quickly, my speed increasing in time with my wife's fingers.
It was as if Ellie's approaching climax was a signal that Lauren had been waiting for because her hand reached out and once again began to fondle Ellie's breasts, going from one to the other, moulding the soft flesh and flicking the nipples. Ellie's eyes came open and she smiled lazily at Lauren, very clearly accepting and enjoying her friend's involvement. That was enough for me, my cock exploded into my tissues and I groaned loudly, staring wildly about even though I knew that nobody was watching me. Soon I slumped back in my seat, gasping for breath as I wadded up my tissues and threw them from the window, cleaning my shaft with a couple more before returning my attention to the scene in my bedroom.
I expected Lauren to still be stroking Ellie's breasts, and so she was at first, but even as I started to watch again her hand began to stray around my wife's body, down and across her stomach, almost touching Ellie's busy hand before retreating and then stroking the top of her thigh. For a couple of minutes that's all she did, at the same time nervously licking her lips and staring into Ellie's face, as if she was gathering the courage to go further. I watched in fascination, waiting to see what would happen next and half knowing what it would be. Lauren's next move was to place her hand over Ellie's, interrupting her play. Ellie turned her head and looked quizzically at Lauren.
'Can I help?' Lauren asked, her voice little more than a nervous whisper.
Ellie stared hard at Lauren for a long, long, minute and then, decision made, she nodded and pulled her own fingers out from beneath her friend's, placing them over the top and pressing Lauren's fingers firmly against her pussy. The two women gazed at each other for a few more suspenseful seconds and then Ellie took her hand away, leaving her legs still wide apart and giving Lauren freedom to do as she wished. Lauren smiled sexily and promptly sought out Ellie's clit, covering it with two fingers and softly, tentatively, rubbing the tip. Ellie sighed contentedly again, as if she'd been waiting for just that touch, and purposely moved her hands right out of the way, putting one behind her own head and draping the other arm over Lauren's shoulders.
Lauren taking over had slowed Ellie down a little, but it wasn't long before she was just as aroused as before, squirming and writhing under Lauren's attentions and making her usual little noises, her eyes squeezed shut and her tongue flickering out to lick her lips. Lauren responded, her fingers moving quicker and more firmly, speeding up until they were going back and forth at top speed and Ellie was moaning and wriggling, her fingers digging into Lauren's shoulder. I could see Lauren trying desperately not to lose contact with Ellie's clit, a frown on concentration on her face as she looked down at her flying fingers. But then Ellie's pelvis jerked and suddenly lifted from the bed, and as it did Ellie's eyes flew open and she cried out loud with sudden delight, her orgasm an uncontrolled explosion of pleasure.
For a moment I wondered what had happened, mesmerized by the power of Ellie's climax, but then I realised. The sudden lifting of her bottom from the bed had caught Lauren unawares and her fingers had slid from Ellie's clit and had buried themselves instead in her vagina. Lauren had immediately started to ram them in and out, thrusting as hard and deep as she could, magnifying the strength of Ellie's climax.
'Good?' Lauren giggled as Ellie finally subsided back onto the bed, letting the fingers slip from her passage.
Ellie nodded, unable yet to speak, licking her lips and looking around with tiny smile of wonder on her lips while she struggled to regain her breath.
'Wonderful.' She finally murmured between gasps, making Lauren giggle with delight. 'My god, that felt good.'
The two women maintained that tableau for a few minutes; Ellie slumped on her back with Lauren's hand still laid lazily over her pussy.
'Now it's your turn.' She smiled.
'I don't think I can.' Lauren answered, looking downcast.
'Oh, don't tell me you've gone all shy after what we've been doing. And you promised.'
Ellie sounded as disappointed at the news as I felt, until Lauren smiled and replied with mock innocence. 'No, it's just that my fingers are tired.'
A more obvious hint it would be hard to imagine.
'And so you need some help. I suppose.'
'It would be nice.' Lauren grinned openly now.
Ellie became serious and rolled over to look deep into Lauren's eyes, cool blue gazing into warm brown. 'I've never done it before, so I don't know how good I'll be.'
Lauren nodded, silently accepting Ellie's remarks. 'Neither had I.' She announced, embarrassment clear in her voice. 'But it went all right, didn't it?'
'Yes.' Ellie told her, rolling to face her in her turn. 'Very all right.'
Gazing into Lauren's eyes Ellie reached out a tentative hand and started to stroke Lauren's abdomen, as if getting herself accustomed to touching another woman before she began anything really personal. I wasn't sure what I wanted her to do, part of me was still reluctant to see my own wife sexually active with another person while another part, the part led by my cock, wanted to watch the pair do pretty much everything together and the sooner the better.
Lauren just lay back and watched Ellie's hand wandering around her stomach, closing her eyes in anticipation each time it strayed a little lower or higher, and then opening them again when Ellie moved back to a less intimate place. I must admit that I smiled to myself watching this exchange, as I imagined the thoughts going through Lauren's mind, 'will she?' and then 'not this time', and then again 'for God's sake play with me'. The uncertainty I could see on Ellie's face was in some ways heartening to me, reassuring me that Ellie was by no means certain how far she wanted to get involved, or at least that's how I interpreted it. There was no doubt in my mind what I was going to do, I fished out some extra tissues just to be ready and stroked my shaft more firmly once again.
I thought at the time that Ellie seemed as though she wanted to take that next step but something, I assumed her natural instinct, was holding her back. I knew she would overcome it, whatever it was, and I'd be treated to a wonderful show. I couldn't wait.
Then Ellie seemed to make her mind up and her fingers tiptoed very lightly across Lauren's breasts, little fairy footsteps that could hardly have been felt. I suppose things are easier once that first step has been taken, because an emboldened Ellie was soon fondling Lauren more firmly, squeezing her breasts and lightly pinching her nipples, being rewarded by little moans and gasps of enjoyment.
'That's nice.' Lauren whispered encouragingly, opening her eyes and gazing up into Ellie's face.
'Good.' Ellie smiled back, her hand leaving Lauren's breasts and heading slowly, and rather tentatively, southwards.
Ellie's fingertips were running over Lauren's stomach so lightly that I could see her skin fluttering in reaction, fascinating me until she moved on and her fingers roamed past Lauren's hips and began to trace the very top of her thigh. Lauren deliberately opened her legs wider in obvious encouragement, but Ellie ignored the invitation, glancing at Lauren as if to say 'let me do this my way.' I just hoped her way wouldn't be too long as I could feel the stirrings in my balls of another climax.
It seemed as if she must have heard me, because Ellie inched down the bed a little way and her hand moved down onto the inside of Lauren's thigh, stroking and caressing while cautiously moving up until she found her target. Lauren whimpered her pleasure and put an arm around Ellie's shoulders, pulling her closer and pressing her face against her breasts. Ellie didn't pull away; she just turned her head so that her cheek lay on Laurens breast and began to play, exploring Lauren's pussy, letting her fingertips run up and down her slit, stroking the outside of her labia and then investigating between them, finding and stroking her clitoris and then probing her entrance. Lauren murmured and kissed the top of Ellie's head, her hand softly caressing her shoulder.
I thought I could just make out a contented smile on Ellie's face as she began to rub Lauren's button more purposefully, although I didn't take much notice because I was far too engrossed in watching Ellie's fingers doing to Lauren what they had previously been doing to her own clit, with pretty much the same wonderful results. Lauren soon began to react, her legs opening and closing, though never far enough to trap Ellie's hand, and her bottom starting to writhe on the bed. She started to make gasp too, little guttural moans coming with each wriggle, and then she put her arm across Ellie's front, gripping the top of her arm and pulling her closer still while she stroked her shoulder with her other hand, in effect holding her in a close embrace. Ellie smiled again and turned to apparently kiss Lauren's nipple, although I couldn't see for sure from my viewpoint. She seemed to be happier to be playing with Lauren now, or at least not unhappy, but once again I thought little of it. Perhaps that was because my cock was starting to respond to my stroking it and those familiar sensations were beginning to be generated in my balls.
To be truthful it's a wonder I didn't come on the spot when I watched Ellie's next move, because she took her fingers from Lauren's clit and traced the way down her slit until they found her friends entrance and then she slipped them straight in without any hesitation, thrusting all the way up inside Lauren before she twisted her hand around so that her thumb could press against the abandoned clit. With her other two fingers curled out of the way Ellie then started to thrust hard into Lauren's hole, her thumb deliberately bumping up against her clit each time.
'Oh God, yes.' Lauren's eyes opened wide at Ellie's actions and she gripped her partner tightly, responding with small thrusts of her pelvis up against Ellie's fingers.
'You're going to make me come.' Lauren warned.
'Good.' Ellie responded. 'You did it to me.'
Watching this scenario of my own wife finger fucking another woman I could feel my balls tightening in readiness, the sheer eroticism of it increasing the sensations and telling me that my climax was imminent. Propping my laptop more securely against the steering wheel I made a one-handed pad of tissues and held it in front of my cock, all the time trying to keep an eye what the girls were doing. It didn't take long for me to come, and this time I was in control, watching the screen while I caught my load in the tissues. I was glad I did, because I could see now from the movements of her head that Ellie was sucking hard on Lauren's nipple at the same time as plunging her fingers in and out of her vagina.
'Oh Ellie.' Lauren gasped. 'For God's sake don't stop.'
Ellie obviously had no intention of stopping, her elbow, which was as far as I could see, was pistoning hard back and forth, trying to make Lauren climax.
'Oh my god. I'm coming.'
Lauren bucked like a bronco as her orgasm arrived, her back arching and her hips rising and falling in time to Ellie's thrusts. Her eyes were screwed closed and her mouth showed gritted teeth, explosions of breath coming from between them in harsh gasps. She was gripping Ellie's shoulders hard, as if trying to pull her on top of her as she came.
But things weren't quite over yet, because even as I screwed up my tissues and disposed of them through the window, getting a face full of cold rain in the process, Lauren had propped herself up on her elbows and she was looking very seriously at Ellie.
'What happened there, Ellie?' She asked quietly. 'I didn't think doing that was your kind of thing.'
'I didn't think it was yours either.' Ellie was still on her side looking up at Lauren. She paused before: 'You surprised me when you kissed me.'
'I surprised myself.' Lauren told her, blushing slightly. 'I never thought I'd want to kiss a girl.'
I was just about to close down my laptop but I stopped and pricked up my ears when I heard that.
'I'd never even thought about kissing a girl, and I'd certainly never expected to do what I've just done.'
'Are you sorry?' Lauren sounded nervous.
'No, it was a new experience and a nice one. I just didn't expect it.'
'It's an experience I've wanted to try for years but never dare.' Lauren finally admitted. There was a long silence and then she asked. 'Is it going to stop us meeting like this next week?'
'Absolutely not!' Ellie exclaimed. 'Just because I'd never thought of fun with a girl doesn't mean I don't want to do it again. But if we're going to play with each other, let's do it properly.'
'You mean we can go all the way?'
This sounded strange to my ears coming from one woman to another, but I knew exactly what was meant.
'Yes, all the way, everything, no holds barred.' Ellie held up a cautionary finger. 'But not until next week when we've got our energy back.' She hesitated. 'But you can kiss me again now if you like.'
Lauren didn't say anything; she simply hauled Ellie up the bed a little way and rolled over to kiss her full on the mouth. This time there was no backing off; they kissed for what seemed like ages, their naked bodies pressed against each other with one of Lauren's thighs threaded between Ellie's legs and pushing against her pussy. I stared in total disbelief until they finally pulled apart, and then I broke into a smile of triumph. I didn't mind them having a lesbian affair if I could surreptitiously watch, and especially if the result was the same boost to my sex life that the last week had been.
'Wow.' Said Lauren. 'That should keep me going until next time.'
'And me.' Ellie smiled and rolled from the bed. 'Which is just as well because it's time to get going, I've got a load of shopping to do yet.'
I had thought that Lauren was seducing Ellie, but when I thought about it later, well, I reckon they sort of seduced each other, and that was fine by me. I would have raised hell if it had been with a man, but the idea of my wife having a woman as a lover somehow didn't bother me, particularly while I had my camera installed. My only complaint was that I'd never get to as close to Lauren's lovely body as my wife would.