The next day when I got home my wife was already sitting on the living room sofa in the nude. It didn't a genius to figure out why.
"Another adventure today?" I asked as I sat down in the chair.
"Yes. I've been a very naughty girl again." She replied submissively. I wondered what brought that particular trait out.
"Well, then my little slut-wife, you had better start playing with your sexy body while you tell me about it." I ordered, playing up on the dominant/submissive theme for the moment.
"When I got home from the gym and running some errands, Mr. Jacobson from next door came over for a visit. He said he had witnessed my tryst with Greg and Chis yesterday and had taken a large amount of pictures through the window. He even showed me a few of them." She started telling her story as he hands roamed over her naked body.
Wow, the old coot WAS peeping after all. The old pervert. Although I could hardly blame him; if I was an old retired guy and had a sexy young woman like Jolene living next door, I'd keep and eye on her too.
"I wasn't sure what he was up to, so I acted embarrassed and begged him not to tell my husband. Little did he know I'd be telling you! Anyway, he said that was exactly what he'd do if I didn't do what he said. I acted like I was afraid and asked him what he wanted. He said that from now on I would be his submissive sex slave and would do whatever he demanded." She continued recounting her story.
"I take it you accepted his conditions." I interrupted.
"After begging him to come up with something else he wanted, yes, I agreed. I was surprised that thinking about being submissive to him was getting me hot. But when I looked at him I realized that he was still pretty good looking close up, not wizened like I expected. He said for this first time he just wanted to 'sample the charms of my nubile body'. He had me strip for him and then he ran his hands over every inch of my body, especially my tits and pussy. He said he really liked how smooth my skin was, especially my snatch. He said it had been thirty years since he had seen and felt such a sexy woman. Then he removed his clothes. His body wasn't ugly at all; in fact it was sexy in a weird way. But his cock! His cock was beautiful." She said, her sexual excitement at the memory obvious.
"In what way?" I asked.
"It was long and wide, with a slight upward curve and a large head. As soon as I saw it I had to hold it, so I reached out to take it in my hands. He teased me for being impatient and called me a cock-slut. Then he made me say I was a cock-slut and beg for his cock before he would let me hold it. I couldn't believe how wonderful it felt in my hands: hard and pulsing with sexual energy. Who could've guessed that an old guy could be hiding something like that in his pants? I asked him if I could suck on it and he told me he had been waiting for a long time for that. But I couldn't get it all in my mouth. I tried, I really did, but it was just too long and wide. He seemed to enjoy it anyway and told me not to feel bad. He said that only his wife had been able to take all of it in her mouth and she died ten years ago. Just imagine, he probably hadn't had sex in ten years!" Jolene exclaimed.
I could tell by her breathing that she was getting close to her climax, but since she seemed to be holding it off I just let her continue with her story.
"At that point I just had to have him in me. I wanted to be his first fuck in ten years, so I asked him to put it in me. He teased me again and said I would have to be more specific and graphic with my request if I was to get what I wanted. So I said "Please fuck my slutty cunt with your magnificent cock." This seemed to please him because he mounted me and slowly fed that monster to my pussy, which was on fire by now. I'm glad he went slow, because it took a few minutes for me to become accustomed to his size. See how stretched out I am." She said and pulled her pussy lips apart for me to inspect.
I leaned over, and sure enough, her hole was stretched out more than I'd ever seen it. I wasn't worried though, I knew it would return to normal by tomorrow.
"He only lasted about ten minutes, even though he stopped several times to hold off his orgasm. I didn't care though, because he was hitting my g-spot with every stroke and I came several times before he finally hit his climax. I couldn't believe how much spunk he pumped into me. I've been catching and eating it for the last hour as it leaks out. Isn't that just so perverted? God that makes me so hot." And then she came on her fingers making blissful squeaking sounds.
I couldn't wait any longer myself. I pulled off my pants and slammed my hard shaft into her still quivering snatch. We rutted like animals there on the sofa, furiously slapping our bodies together as we each sought out our own satisfaction. My wife's second orgasm in as many minutes triggered my own, after which we both collapsed on the sofa. As we laid there together enjoying the contact between our hot bodies Jolene told me that she convinced Mr. Jacobson to keep her indiscretions secret, otherwise I might find out and the fun would be over. He agreed to that and said he was planning on having a lot of fun with her and that he would be 'in touch'. I couldn't help shaking my head, amazed at the direction our lives had taken.
Later as I thought about Jolene's experience with Ed Jacobson I realized that he hadn't really taken advantage of any of her "Shazam" conditioning. He didn't say "please" and wasn't particularly polite, although he wasn't cruel either. It seemed that my wife was developing a submissive side, but it seemed to be selective. So far I'd only seen it really come out for Ed, and to a lesser extent, me. I didn't know yet if this was something to be concerned about, but I decided to keep an eye on it never the less.
Jolene spent the next day with a friend of hers, Jackie, shopping and what ever else woman do when they get together. She called me late in the morning and asked if I wanted to have lunch with them. I accepted and we met at a popular local lunch spot. This was a nice place with real linen tablecloths and flowers on the table. I hadn't seen Jackie for a few months and again I was amazed at how much alike they were. In fact, now as I chatted with them it seemed they were even more alike than ever. Jackie was always more outgoing and physically active, so she had the physique of an athlete. She was also an outrageous flirt, and although I never took advantage of it, I always felt she was attracted to me.
"I was telling Jolene earlier that she was really looking fit." Jackie said, looking at me.
"I agree. It's all that martial arts training." I replied.
"I guess she's dangerous now." Jackie responded.
I chuckled. "You should see her head kicks. Totally awesome."
"Oh, stop it you two. You are embarrassing me." Jolene objected, but not too strenuously as she put her hand on my leg and squeezed affectionately.
"In fact, I was just thinking how much alike you two are these days. You could almost be sisters." I said, vocalizing my earlier thoughts. The women laughed off my comment, but they did glance at each other; perhaps appraising my opinion. At this point our food arrived and we continued to chat breezily while we ate, everybody comfortable with the company.
"I can't get over how good you look, Jo." Jackie said to my wife.
"You mean sexy." I blurted.
"Peter!" Jolene cried as Jackie laughed, but I could tell that my wife was not really upset.
"Well it's true." I said, defending myself.
"He's right, you know." Jackie agreed.
"You should talk, Jac. You're the biggest flirt on the planet!" Jolene countered.
"Well at least I'm not sexually repressed." Jackie threw back.
"Repressed! I am not sexually or any other way repressed." My wife objected.
"Oh, come on Jo! You are so uptight about sex and always have been. I mean, you are so pretty and have such a nice body, but you dress so conservatively. I'll bet you don't even own a bikini." Jolene's friend teased.
"I am not uptight, and I do own a bikini. Shows what you know." Jolene answered.
I was interested to see where this was going, so I supported Jackie's position, even though I knew that it was essentially wrong. "Actually Jolene, I just bought that for you recently." I said.
"It doesn't count if your husband had to buy it for you. When was the last time you bought anything sexy for yourself?" Jackie asked.
"That doesn't mean anything. I'm plenty adventurous sexually." My wife claimed.
"Oh, really. Well, why don't we test that. I dare you to take off your bra." Jackie challenged.
"What, right here, right now?" Jolene asked, a little shocked at her friend's dare.
"Yes, right here and now. Take it off and give it to your husband." Jackie requested.
My wife looked at me for support and I just winked at her. She looked back at her friend with a determined look in her eye and then reached behind her back to unhook her bra. She was wearing a simple V-neck pull-over type blouse, but I could see her breasts relax a little when she last hook was undone. Then Jolene did that trick where she reached up one sleeve to pull the shoulder strap off her arm and then pulled the entire bra out the other sleeve. She handed the white daily bra to me and I put it into my suit coat pocket.
Jackie beamed at Jolene. "Well, well, maybe Peter is right. Maybe you have changed." She mused. "Put your hand on his crotch."
My wife moved her hand from my thigh to my crotch and squeezed my hard cock through my pants.
"Is he hard?" Jackie asked.
"Yes." Jolene answered.
"I think lunch is over. We have more shopping to do Jo." Jackie stated.
That night when I arrived home Jolene showed me some of the new clothes that Jackie had picked out for her. Some of it was from Victoria's Secret and some of it was from places like Macy's, but it was all sexy. I had her model everything for me and I let he know how much I approved of her new wardrobe.
On Friday afternoon my wife called me at work and said that Ed had called and told her to put on her shortest, sexiest dress and to come over to his house. She said he instructed her to just let herself in the back door and to join him in the living room. I asked her which dress she was going to wear and she told me she was thinking of her new black cocktail dress. This is a dress that has a plunging neckline that shows a lot of cleavage, thin straps over the shoulders, no sleeves, a scooped out back that precludes a bra of any kind, and ends about three inches above the knee. Sexy indeed, classy, but not slutty. I told her to do what he said and that I'd see her when I got home.
Even though this wasn't the first time that my wife was going to have sex with another man, this was the first time I knew about it ahead of time and didn't know what was going to happen. I tried to work, but I was so distracted that I left early. Maybe I would be a little less nervous if I was just next door. I was also kind of excited thinking about being there when Jolene got back home, just freshly fucked.
I walked in the door of our home about two hours after I got the phone call from Jolene, but she wasn't there. I paced around a little, drank a beer, and tried to watch TV, but I couldn't get my wife off of my mind. I finally gave into my impulses and watched the video from the warehouse while I stroked my hard cock.
That's the way she found me when she returned home. "So this is what you do when I'm out having sex with another man." She said, startling me. My wife was standing at the threshold between the dining room and living room dressed in the elegant cocktail dress.
I pressed the pause button on the DVD player and before she could say anything else I said "Take off the dress. I want to see you how he last saw you."
She pulled the front down off of her lovely tits and pushed the flimsy garment to the ground where it pooled at her feet. She just stood there, looking at me, her nipples beginning to harden as I watched. I looked down at her pussy. Even from where she was standing I could see her labia were puffy and pink.
"Come over her lay down next to me. I want to look at your freshly fucked cunt." I ordered.
She did as she was told, laying down on the sofa with her head at the other end from where I was sitting and her feet in my lap. I lifted one leg by the ankle and put it over the back of the sofa while I pushed the other one down on the floor. This put her pussy on full display with her legs spread lewdly. I could see the moisture trickling out of her hole and the smell of sex filled the air. Her entire snatch was wet and glistened in the light.
"Tell me what happened after you called me." I requested.
"I put on the dress just like I told you I would. I also decided to put on pantyhose, but I thought it would be naughty to go without panties, so that's what I did. Of course, I can't wear a bra with that dress, so that's all I had on when I went over there: the dress, the hose, and a pair of open-toed strappy shoes. I went out our back door, across the back yards, and into his house. I was in the kitchen as I had expected, so I found my way into his living room. He was sitting there in three piece suit, drinking a glass of wine. There was another full glass on the table next to him." She recounted.
"You are so beautiful, I love the dress, he said. He offered me the glass of wine and asked me to sit down. Then he told me that he and his wife used to go out dancing all the time. They would dance all night and she would flirt with other men unmercifully, but she only went home with him. Then he asked me to dance with him. I said I would enjoy that, so he put on some nice big band music and we danced for a long time. He was really very good and I did enjoy myself." My wife continued.
I could see in her eyes that she was telling the truth; she really did enjoy dancing with Ed. I wasn't surprised she loved to dance, but I wasn't very good. I vaguely felt a little jealous that there was something that another man could give her that I couldn't. I know this seems strange, because I didn't feel that way about sex, but that's the truth.
"Suddenly he let me go and sat down. I thought maybe he was having a heart attack or something, but when I went to him and asked him if he was OK he just pushed me away and put his head into his hands."
"You are so sweet, I just can't do this anymore. I'll destroy the pictures, just go home. He told me. His voice was sad and anguished. I asked him why, which seemed to surprise him. Because I can't continue to force you to cheat on your husband, he said. Then, almost like he read my mind he said, I know you aren't completely faithful to your husband, but I can't be part of such a deception."
"Is it still cheating if he knows, I asked. He looked confused so I explained the situation and how you already knew about all my 'dalliances' including with him. He didn't understand how such a relationship could possibly work, but I convinced him that we loved each other and we were going to make it work no matter what. He told me that you, my husband, was a very lucky man. He asked me why I was interested in a man old enough to be my grandfather. I said that I didn't know why, but that I felt so submissive around him and that I couldn't refuse him any wish." Jolene said breathlessly.
"You will do anything I say, he asked. Yes, I said. You must trust me completely, he said. Yes, I said again. Then he told me to take off my dress, and I took it off just like I did for you a few minutes ago. He told me again how beautiful I was and told me to get down onto my knees and take his cock out of his pants. When I had it in my hands again I marveled at how wonderful it felt and I told him that he had the most magnificent cock I'd ever seen. He said I really was a slut and it sent shivers down my spine. He asked me if I liked being called a slut and I told him it excited me." She said with mounting excitement.
I slipped a finger into her well-used pussy and reveled in the heat and wetness I found there. I wanted to mount her and fuck her right then, but I held back. I wanted to hear the end of her story even more.
"Oh, Peter, he fucked me with that beautiful cock of his in just about every room of his house. After he came the first time we took a break to drink some more wine and eat some cheese. Then I sucked on him until he was hard again and we fucked even more. I just couldn't seem to get enough of him. He made me cum so many times that I lost track. Finally he just got too tired and lost his erection, but by then I think I would have passed out if I had cum one more time anyway. I laid with him on his bed for a few minutes until he drifted of to sleep and then I came right back here."
I couldn't wait any longer and mounted my wife, pushing my hard rod into her well used hole in one stroke. Jolene's eyes rolled back into her head and she started babbling incoherently as I pounded her snatch. It wasn't long before a strong orgasm shook her body. I kept fucking her as wave after wave of pleasure rolled over her, the clutching of her pussy around my cock announcing each one. I had never seen anything like it before. Soon I could feel the inevitable churning in my balls as my own climax approached. Then my cock swelled, triggering yet another orgasmic spasm from my wife, and I squirted my juice deep into her wet passage. Even after all my semen had been spent my cock still spasmed a couple more times, my orgasm was so strong.
After I recovered I realized that Jolene was not moving. I looked at her face and it looked like she was not conscious. I called her name and her eyelids fluttered. She "woke up", but seemed to be in a bit of a daze.
"Are you OK?" I asked anxiously.
"Hmmmm, yes." She answered. "You were great."
Shit! I think she almost did pass out. After a bit of a rest I helped her upstairs and we had a nice refreshing shower. Even though I still felt a little frisky, I didn't start anything since I figured she needed the break to rest up. I wondered if she'd be sore in the morning.
On Saturday we slept in, finally getting up at ten o'clock. Jolene was in a good mood and made us a hearty breakfast. The rest of the day went fast with chores taking up most of our time, but after the last few days the mundane felt kind of good.
About five o'clock Jolene took a phone call and then came to me about five minutes later.
"That was Jackie on the phone. She said that she got invited to a batchelorette party tonight and wanted to know if I'd go along. Apparently a few of the women that were initially invited had to back out and now Jackie is worried that it won't be very fun with a smaller group. I told her that we didn't have any plans and that I would go with her. Is that OK?"
"Sure honey, no problem." I said, thinking she'd be safe with a bunch of women.
A couple of hours later Jackie arrived to pick up my wife. She looked like she was dressed to go clubbing or something; nice, but not fancy. When Jolene came downstairs I liked what I saw. She was wearing a nice halter-type top with a hole that showed off some cleavage and a scooped back. I always liked the bare shoulder look. A pair of tight fitting jeans and open-toed sandals rounded out her wardrobe.
"Have a great time." I yelled as they headed out the door.
"Always do." Jackie shouted back.
I wasn't really worried until it got to midnight and my wife still was not home. I tried her cell-phone, but it must have been off because it went immediately to voice mail. A little after one o'clock the two of them finally came staggering into the house, laughing and carrying on. I don't think they saw me sitting in the darkened living room.
"So are you going to tell him?" Jackie whispered rather more loudly than I think she intended.
"Tell me what?" I asked from the darkness.
Jackie put her hand over her mouth in surprise. Obviously she had not expected me to hear that. My wife was cool though, she just looked at her friend and said "Yes, of course."
With that Jackie started looking uncomfortable and made a quick exit. Was that embarrassment I saw? That would be a first for Jackie. I looked at my wife.
"I guess you have something to tell me." I said.
"Yes I do, but let me give you setup first. The bride's name is Tiffany and her friend Gloria was the one who hosted her party. Gloria and her husband both have high paying jobs and they have a huge house, which is probably why the party was there. In all, I'd say there were about fifteen women there, so it was a pretty good sized group." She started.
"From the start everything had a sexual theme. They had cock-shaped balloons and candy. All the drinks had names like 'Screaming Orgasm' and 'Sex On the Beach'. Some of the women had bought gag gifts for the bride like vibrators and crotchless panties. The liquor flowed and some of the women really started to get hammered, but I tried to stay fairly sober since I thought I might have to drive home; sometimes Jackie overdoes it. It was more uninhibited than I thought it would be, but also pretty harmless. That is, until the male strippers arrived." She said.
"Strippers? Plural?" I asked, my interest now peaked.
"Yes, there was two of them. I would say they were about twenty to twenty-five and pretty cut. One was kind of boyishly cute and the other one was more of the ruggedly handsome type. They moved to the middle of the big living room we were partying in and all the woman formed a big circle around them. They started the music on the boom-box they had brought with them and began their show. I had never seen male strippers before, so I was curious to see what it was like." Jolene continued.
"So did you like it?" I asked.
"Oh, it was fun to see a man strut his stuff for a change, but what surprised me were the other women. You would have thought from their reaction that they'd never seen a good looking half-naked man before. They were clapping, and hooting like you wouldn't believe. And Jackie was the worst of the bunch!" She exclaimed.
"When they finally got down to their boxers they pulled the bride into the middle with them and did the bump and grind with her. She was very nervous and although she let them kiss her, when they tried to feel her up, she bolted. At that point they asked for a couple of volunteers from the audience and Jackie, never one to shrink from a challenge, raised her hand and mine! I pulled my hand down and looked at her like 'what do you think you are doing' and she just yelled 'come on you chicken, I dare you.' Then the other women started chanting 'do it, do it', so I figured, 'what the hell' and went along with Jackie into the center of the room with the strippers."
Now I could feel that familiar tingling in my cock as it started to stir in my pants.
"They brought two chairs out and placed them in the middle facing each other about six to seven feet apart. Then they had me and Jackie sit in the chairs while the men danced around us. At first they just rubbed themselves against us and kissed us. But after a while they started feeling us up through our clothes, starting with our tits but eventually putting their hands between our legs. I was enjoying the attention and as far as I could see, so was Jackie. The rest of the women were cheering and egging us on." My wife said, breathing a little quicker now as she relived the experience.
"Then they removed their boxers, revealing a small thong that barely covered their semi-hard cocks. They both looked like they had nice packages and I could feel my pussy starting to juice up. The cute guy kind of sat down on my lap and started kissing and squeezing my boobs again and before I realized it he had untied the top of my blouse and pulled it down. Remember that I had on my demi bra, so not much was left to the imagination." She said and paused at this point.
"What did you do then?" I asked.
"Well, I was going to pull it back up, but he quickly pushed my bra down and started sucking on one while he pinched the nipple on the other. It felt so good that I just couldn't stop him. I think I even moaned, which just encouraged him further and he actually unclipped my bra and threw it away. My blouse went next which made the rest of the woman yell even louder. When he stood up I decided on some revenge and grabbed his ass with both hands. I pulled his barely covered cock to my face and put my mouth over it. As I breathed heavily on it I felt it twitch. The whole room was chanting "blow job, blow job", but I just let go and pushed him away." Jolene recalled.
I was sporting a full hard-on now, imagining my wife topless and teasing this stripper.
"When I looked up, Jackie was staring at me in surprise with her blouse and bra pushed up exposing her breasts. I guess it was OK for her to play around like that, but not for me. I just stood up and held my hand out to her. This seemed to snap her out of her shock and she pulled he bra and blouse back into place. Taking my hand she shouted in my ear that she couldn't believe I did that. I said, what, you were doing the same thing."
"Jackie shouted back that she didn't put her mouth on the guy's crotch. I told her that was no big thing and started looking for my bra and blouse. I felt strange being the only woman there topless. I couldn't find my bra, so I just put my blouse on without it. At least I was covered."
"We had another drink and I noticed that the group had thinned a bit. Some of the woman must have not liked the direction the party was going because there were now only about ten of us left. Then I noticed one of the strippers was coming towards me. He was still wearing only the thongs and some of the women were grabbing his ass and running their hands over his arms and chest as he walked by them."
"When he got to me he stopped and said he had a favor to ask. He said that usually they do a final 'reveal' dance with the bride where they get completely naked. But there was a problem this time because she was just too shy to do it. He said it's a lot more entertaining if they have a woman dance with them and asked me if I'd be willing to do it. I asked what this 'dance' entailed and he said all that they really required me to do was to dance with them suggestively and remove their thongs when they tell me to. He said that they fondle and kiss the woman too in order to make it hotter, but nothing more than I'd already done. Anything beyond that was completely optional and up to me."
"Jackie was listening to all this too and when I looked at her to see what she thought she had that look in her eye that said 'I dare you'. She must have thought that I wouldn't because she seemed surprised when I agreed. The stripper then asked for my name and I told him it was Jolene. He said that they would start the dance by themselves, but they would call out my name when they were ready."
"It wasn't long before they started their last song and I think all of us knew they were going to get naked now. Soon everybody was chanting 'take it off' and they started acting like they were going to remove their thongs, putting their thumbs under the waistbands and such. Then they stopped and announced that they would like some help with that part and asked if everyone would like that. A couple of the woman tried to push Tiffany forward, but she was having none of that and stayed back. Then the stripper said, Jolene why don't you come up here and show them how it's done. I played it shy and shook my head no, but Jackie, playing along started pushing me forward chanting 'Go Jo'."
"The rest of the woman picked up the chant and I relented, but acted reluctant to go. In actuality I was very excited and my pussy was dripping wet. At first they just danced on either side of me, kissing me and fondling me through my clothes. Then the younger looking one spoke into my ear and told me it was time. I knelt down in front of him, hooked my fingers into the waistband of his thong and slowly pulled it down. I licked my lips provocatively as his half-hard cock came into view and the other women cheered. After I pulled it down to the ground, he stepped out of them and I flung them over my shoulder. Then I turned around and did the same with the second stripper. I stood up and one moved behind me while the other was in front. They pressed up against me griding their hardening cocks into my butt and pussy. The first one spoke to me again and said that I could quit now if I wanted. I answered him by reaching down and grabbing his cock." She exclaimed excitedly.
Now I was really hot too. I just wanted to rip my wife's clothes off and fuck the hell out of her, but I let her finish telling her story.
"They took that as signal to push things, and they started by pulling my blouse off. They both played with my boobs and the one in front sucked on them. Before long they were pulling my jeans down and I stepped out of them. They were all over me now and the first stripper got down on his knees and stuck his face into my crotch. Once his tongue hit my clit I knew I was going to screw them both. At this point I was just gushing all over his face and I think he liked it, but I wanted more, so I pulled him up up, gabbed his dick, and laid down on the floor pulling him along. He started fucking me and it felt so good!"
"It kind of turned into an orgy after that, even though there were only two men. Some of the women were obviously bisexual. For instance, when the stripper was fucking me one of the other women started pulling his cock out of me and sucking on it. Then she would lick me a few times and put it back in for a few strokes. She did this for quite a while before someone else came and stole the stripper from us; then she ate me until I came. Those two strippers had amazing stamina, but eventually they were sucked dry and couldn't get it up anymore. That's when the party kind of petered out." She breathed.
I liked her final pun, but I didn't have time to think about it. I was too busy pulling her clothes off. Once again we had intense sex after my wife finished telling me about one of her adventures.
Afterwards when we were cuddling in bed I thought about recent events. Even though Jolene was telling me everything that was happening to her, and sex with her was still great, I wanted to be more involved. I wanted to be there for some of her sexual exploits and take part myself. I began to realize that the only way would happen was if I arranged some of these events, instead of waiting for something to happen. Vague plans swirled in my mind as I drifted off to sleep.