Arrow, having finished introducing the contestants for Season Two of Strip-Off, began explaining the very first challenge.
"The first challenge iiiiis... the Bondage Battle! The randomly chosen teams will be up onscreen."
The large screen suspended above the stage lit up, displaying the pairings: Pup was with Isabelle, and Lilith was with Maya.
Lilith sighed. "I guess it was too much to hope to be paired with my girlfriend..."
Arrow shrugged. "Hey, being on the same team doesn't necessarily mean that you're gonna be doing sexy things with your partner. For example: in this challenge, each team picks a dom and a sub. The dom of each team ties up the sub of the other team using these instruments in any way they like. They have five minutes to do so!" Arrow pointed towards a table, with various lengths of rope, chains, leather harnesses, and other assorted sex toys laid out before them. "The sub that manages to break free first wins! Oh, and orgasms add a 30-second penalty to your total time each."
Lilith grinned. "Oh! I tie up Isabelle all the time! I'll be the dom."
Isabelle paled. "Pup? I'm gonna have to be the dom. My girlfriend knows EXACTLY how to tie me up to... um..." She blushed. "Uh... she knows what I like..."
Pup winked. "I gotcha. Let's do this! I'll be the sub."
Maya laughed. "Ha! I'm getting tied up by Isabelle? Pfft."
Lilith cautioned her: "Hey, don't underestimate her- though she is submissive, she DOES know how to tie knots VERY well. Especially since I taught her a few."
Arrow waved their hand at the contestants. "Helloooo? Are we starting any time soon? Less talking, more humiliating! Chop chop!"
The contestants took their places- Pup and Maya were kneeling at the front of the stage, with Lilith and Isabelle standing behind them. Arrow raised a novelty dildo high up in the air. "Now, most people start off races and challenges and stuff with a gun firing blanks, but as some of you know from last season, we here at Strip-Off like sticking to a theme. Ready, set, GO!"
As soon as Arrow yelled "GO", the dildo ejaculated, sending white fluid high into the air and covering the competitors. A loud, female moan echoed through the room. Lilith and Isabelle ran towards the back tables to get as many items as they could carry.
Isabelle came back first, being a bit quicker on her feet and able to carry more than Lilith. Maya snorted when she saw her. "Do your best, ya sissy!"
Isabelle first pinned her arms behind her back- Maya was surprised at how firm her grip was. She squirmed a bit, but Arrow reminded her: "You must stay still and let the dom tie you up however she wants for five minutes, or else there will be a penalty!" Maya cursed as Isabelle tied up her hands with some red rope, then proceeded to tie her arms to her ankles, forcing her to arch her back and push her tits out towards the audience.
At this point, the audience was cheering: "TIE THEM UP! TIE THEM UP!" Lilith walked over to Pup at a seemingly leisurely pace, unlike Isabelle, who was quickly and methodically tying up Maya.
Pup giggled. "Hey, don't you wanna hurry up? Your girlfriend over there is already ahead."
Lilith grinned evilly. "She's not usually the one tying people up, so she doesn't know this- part of the bondage experience is the anticipation."
Pup's eyes widened as Lilith spread out an array of sex toys before her- vibrators, nipple clamps, rope, a blindfold, even a mouth gag. She stuttered a bit. "Ah... you know, those aren't gonna stop me from escaping, right?"
Lilith laughed. "Hm? Escaping? Awww... how cute. You think you can escape me?"
Lilith began tying Pup up. She applied the blindfold first, then the rope. She took her time tying an intricate harness around Pup before threading a rope through her crotch, being sure it was tightly hugging her pussy. She then commanded Pup to stand up as she attached a spreader bar, which had an easily-openable latch on it rather than a lock. She then applied the finishing touches- the gag, the nipple clamps, and a vibrator attached to a belt. She was used to Isabelle's large frame, so the harness that she tied actually had some slack in it. At least the rope tying the hands and the
Time was almost up- and although Isabelle had tied Maya up exceptionally well, she realized she hadn't really added any sex toys that would make her orgasm. She picked up a vibrator and began to attach it to the disgruntled contestant when Lilith called out. "I bet you wish I was tying you up, huh?"
Isabelle looked up, surprised to hear her girlfriend's voice all of a sudden. She saw Pup moaning and gasping as Lilith was turning on her various sex toys and tugging on her harness, making her crotch rope dig into her suit and her pussy. Isabelle blushed a bit, imagining herself in that situation...
"Time's up! Doms, hands off the subs!"
Isabelle snapped out of her daydream. Lilith's distraction had burned ten seconds, thus sparing Maya the need to withstand a vibrator. Maya grinned. "Thanks, partner!" Lilith nodded. "No problem, Maya. Now, as for you, naughty Pup, let's see if you can escape like you said you would, hmm...?"
Pup moaned through her gag and wiggled her hips, the clamps tugging at her nipples painfully through her suit. She could still move her fingers, and being double-jointed, she was able to just start tugging at her wrist bonds with her fingers. But Lilith, being careful not to touch Pup, leaned in close into her ear and whispered.
"Hey, Pup... admit it. You're enjoying it, aren't you?"
Pup flinched, which made her lose balance a bit. Lilith continued whispering in her ear. "You like being tied up and horny in front of all your fans? You're all wet down there... You're shaking your hips, and turning bright red... oh, you LIKE being tied up in public, don't you, you exhibitionist pervert?"
Pup lost balance completely, and thanks to the spreader bar between her legs, she fell over onto her butt, all but forgetting about undoing her knots. The audience cheered- they had a direct view of her wet crotch now.
"Look, the audience is cheering... oh, but I guess you can't look, huh? You can't even protest or struggle..."
Pup let out a large "MMMPH!" and whimpered into her gag as she came. Arrow tapped on their smartwatch. "That's one thirty-second penalty for Pup. Let's see how Maya is doing."
Arrow turned to Maya, who was still on her knees with her back arched. She was whistling a random tune, casually watching and chuckling at Pup.
Arrow scratched their head. "Uh. Maya. You realize you're supposed to try to escape?"
Maya shrugged. "Well, I TRIED. I can't even REACH the knots she tied me up with, let alone UNDO them. I can't move anything besides my neck here. May as well watch the show. Good thing this idiot got too distracted to strap a vibrator onto my crotch." Isabelle blushed again, also watching the show, still reminded of her momentary daydream.
Arrow sighed. "I guess that means Isabelle and Pup will win, as soon as Pup escapes..."
Pup moaned again, giving in to another orgasm. Arrow tapped on their watch, then tapped again as the suit began registering continuous orgasms. Pup was convulsing now, screaming into her gag with pleasure, and Lilith just looked on with a satisfied grin at her handiwork.
Arrow threw their hands up. "Screw this, she's racked up like 20 penalties already. I didn't expect to have two ladies experienced in bondage play tie up the game, pun intended. You know what? I'll leave you two there for ten more minutes for the audience to enjoy, and then we'll switch roles, try breaking the tie that way. Usually, I'd just strip one suit piece off of everyone, but it's boring to end the first episode with a tie, so..."
The audience fapped furiously to the sight of Pup rolling around, the harness pulling at her crotch tightly, the vibrator and nipple clamps making her gasp and whimper into her gag pathetically. Her pussy was dripping through her suit, a fact emphasized by her spreader bar. Her squirming was absolutely useless- she had orgasm after orgasm until even Arrow stopped bothering to count.
Finally, the ten minutes ended. Two men whom Arrow introduced as "our bondage safety experts" came in to untie the two contestants. Pup was untied easily, with her rope harness being a bit loose for her smaller frame. The other expert struggled with Isabella's industrial-grade knots until they gave up and simply cut through the rope with the emergency scissors they kept on hand.
Pup breathed a sigh of relief when she was freed from her vibrator. "Whew... that was... oh... man..." She wobbled a bit as she stood up.
Maya clapped her hands. "Ha! This will be easy. Time to tie you up, Isabelle!"
Arrow took out the novelty dildo again and fired it. This time, it was Maya and Pup who raced to the prop table to gather their items of choice.
Pup's hands were shaking, and she was really tired from cumming repeatedly earlier. She barely managed to tie Lilith's hands loosely and strapped a vibrator onto her before falling asleep. Meanwhile, Maya did a decent job for an amateur, tying Isabelle up into a frog tie and tying her arms behind her back. She completed it with a vibrator tied to her thigh.
Arrow declared that time was up. Lilith knew that she would easily be able to untie her bonds, but looking over at Isabelle, she felt a bit... hot, seeing her tied up by another girl. She shook her head, regaining control of herself- she quickly undid her bonds and removed the vibrator from her crotch, before it even so much as made her moan.
Arrow said, "Well, THAT was easy. Pup and Isabelle lose! Wait, Lilith, what are you doing?"
Lilith pushed the vibrating wand to her crotch and watched Isabelle squirm, trying to close her legs despite her bonds preventing her from doing so. Her legs were spread wide open, revealing her wet crotch being tormented by the vibrator. Ungagged, she was gasping and panting, begging to be released.
Arrow laughed. "Yes, yes, your girlfriend is very cute, but we need to untie her..."
Lilith moaned, her sense of reason having overtaken her. "Please... I'm so close... I want to masturbate to my cute helpless girlfriend for a little longer...!"
Arrow shrugged. "I'll let you- for a penalty."
Isabelle's eyes widened. "Please, Lilith, please just let me go, you can tie me up and fuck me when we get home, please, don't masturbate to me in front of everyone, I'm so embarrassed...!"
Isabelle's panting and pleading just made Lilith hornier. "I'll take the penalty."
Arrow clicked a remote, and the piece of suit covering Lilith's arms fell off. She began fingering her clit and turned her vibrator up to its highest setting as she continued to gasp and moan, staring at her girlfriend's dirtied crotch.
Finally, Lilith felt herself begin to cum. "Isabelle. Cum with me! Now!"
Isabelle gasped, involuntarily obeying Lilith's command as she came together with her. Lilith walked over to her and gave her a kiss. "Good girl," she said, smiling. Isabelle blushed. "Each suit piece is worth $100k at the end, you dummy..." Lilith shrugged. "Oops...?"
As the bondage experts began to untie Isabelle, Arrow turned to the audience. "Ah, right. I almost forgot. The losers lose two pieces of clothing each!"
Isabelle blushed a bit as her legs and arms were suddenly revealed, her skin-tight full-body suit no longer fully covering her body. The same happened to Pup, who groggily woke up from her orgasm-induced nap. She jumped a bit when she realized she was wearing what was basically a leotard now, but she didn't mind- she grinned and ate up the attention from the audience, twirling to give them a better view and blowing them kisses. The audience happily took in her exposed thighs and round shoulders.
Arrow turned to the camera. "That's it for the first challenge! See you next time on Strip-Off: Season Two!"