[Author's Note: This story was written by him, but was really a collaboration between him and her. She offered some good ideas, and some thoughts about how the story should go. To date these are still fantasies as he has not convinced her to fulfill his fantasy in the first story...in other words, that story is true up to where she said yes. In reality, she said no. Perhaps it will happen at some point, perhaps it won't, but either way the stories have been fun. Who knows, maybe we'll come up with another...]
I walk in and take notice of how well appointed his office really is. Along the far wall are two bookshelves, one on each side of the beautifully handcrafted oak wet bar. There are still a few older clients out there that expect a finger or two of bourbon when discussing business. Then there is the large oak desk with dual 40 inch monitors and two leather chairs for the clients to sit in. Behind the desk is another chair up against the wall that is for his secretary to use if he needs meeting notes taken. On the wall closest to the entry there is a large leather couch and recliner, complete with end tables and a coffee table. The wall opposite the bookshelves is all glass that allows a view outside, but is specially coated so someone outside cannot see in.
Today I am here to live out my own fantasy, one that I did not know I had until a couple of weeks ago. Let me back up. It has been a few weeks since he told me his fantasy of being watched while he masturbated and a couple of weeks since we actually played that fantasy out and I watched him. While he was "showing off" he asked for my help and had me drop my knees to the side exposing my fully clothed crotch to him. His imagination worked just fine and that did indeed help him out. However, I have not been able to get that feeling I had while his eyes were on me out of my mind. It was deliciously naughty, spreading my legs for someone that was not my husband. As my knees dropped to the sides my pussy became even wetter than it had been up to that point and I could feel my lips swell and open wide, as a flower in bloom, as my legs fell. I have rubbed myself to satisfaction while imagining his eyes on me a number of times since then.
And oddly enough, I am completely ok with what happened. I really thought I would feel guilty or it would impact my relationship with my husband somehow, but it hasn't. If anything, my husband has been the benefactor of my randiness since that day. I think the just watching part of it is what ultimately made it ok. I certainly have watched movies that were on a level with that day and have had more vivid thoughts than what happened that day. He certainly is not the first man I have seen.
Which brings us to today. It is another Sunday and I am in the office. I expect that he will be stopping in later and I plan on surprising him with a little show of my own. I want to know the real feeling of his eyes on me. I want to see the excitement build in his face as he watches me. I want to play with myself for him. This must have been exactly what he was feeling when he shared his fantasy with me. For me though it is as much about feeling sexy and desirable as it is about exposing myself. So this morning I put on one of my favorite bra and panty sets, a light lacey lavender. The bra is lace and if you look closely you can see my nipples through the material. The panties are high cut and very small, just covering up the parts they are designed to cover and nothing more. I had on a skirt and button down shirt. I am feeling anxious and nervous, but yet, very excited, for what I am about to do. I decide to pour myself a bit of liquid courage as I know he will be coming in fairly soon.
I brought a flash drive with me and have some "movies" on it. I sit down in his chair and start up one of my favorite scenes, a threesome, two guys and a gal. Shortly after that starts, he walks in and wonders what I am doing in his office. Although I am nervous and the butterflies are going crazy in my stomach, I said I want to know what it is like. He gave me a questioning look and I finish the sentence with ...to have you watch me. His eyes get wide, he smiles and said it would be a true gift and honor to watch. At that point he walks to the chair behind his desk and sat down. He saw that I had already started a movie and asks if a threesome is another of my fantasies. Well duh...if one cock is good, two must be better, right?
His chair is off to the side and behind me a bit, so when I turn back to the monitor I cannot see him. The movie was coming up on my favorite scene. One guy was just about to pull her to the end of the bed, grab a leg with each hand, hold them wide and slide into her while the other guy was up by her head getting a hand job and very shortly she was going to start giving him head. Oh to be the girl in that scene with two guys to please her. I slid my hand up by my neck and slowly under my blouse while watching the gal on the screen get pounded. She was completely out of it. You could see her eyes rolling back in her head as she had now given in completely.
While I am watching this, my hand starts to slowly unbutton my top. When I am done unbuttoning, I pull my shirt out of my skirt and run my hand underneath my bra caressing a quickly hardening nipple. With my other hand I unhook the front clasp on the bra and the cups fall to the side exposing my breasts. While one hand works on them, moving back and forth from one to the other, my other hand is sliding up my leg. I pause all activity for a moment and turn toward him with a coy smile on my face and he is watching me intently with a smile on his face. His eyes immediately go to my breasts and he takes in a quick breath when he first sees them. My nipples are very hard and prominent, perfect for sucking on. I turn back to the computer screen and my hand reaches between my legs and with a finger on each side I start caressing my lips up and down through the panties. I slowly circle my clit with my fingertip as I watch the gal on the screen spasm in orgasm as the two guys keep thrusting.
I turn directly towards him and away from the movie. Now it is my turn. My breasts are on full display and I am about to show him a lot more as I put both of my hands on my knees and slowly bring them up my legs moving my skirt up with my hands. Once I am at my hips, I hold my skirt out of the way with my left hand, and start to slowly spread my legs. I know my panties do not cover much, and they are tight enough that he will see the outlines of my lips and the slit down the middle. I am watching him intently while doing this and he is staring right at my pussy. I pause, reach down with both hands and slowly slide my panties down my legs. When they are removed I toss them on his lap. He reaches down and grabs them and as he brings them to his nose I feel huge butterflies in my stomach.
I look down and can see the bulge in his pants. Yes, he is enjoying this. I look back at his eyes and I see him catch his breath as my legs part far enough that he got his first full glimpse of my naked pussy opening up for him. I don't yet move my hand back to caress myself, but allow him to take it all in. Just his eyes on me are working me up and I know it won't take long once I start to play with myself again. I ask him what he likes best about the view, and he said the way the inner lips lead up to the clitoris like an upside down "V" and the outer lips are there framing it all. He said when thrusting he likes to watch how the lips seem to envelope his cock and caress it all at the same time.
As he says this, I move my hand back to my lips and starting caressing. Since I am clean shaven, the smooth skin of my lips allows for a very pleasant sensation as my fingertips slide up and down. I can feel the wetness building inside and soon I take my finger and slide it from the top of the opening all the way up to my clit bringing wetness with it. I am glistening now in the office light. I am rubbing fairly quickly and decide I need to slow down just a bit, so I use my fingers to spread my lips wide and watch the look on his face as he stares at me. After a few moments, I start to rub my clit in slow circles. My breathing is heavy and I know it won't be long. I slide two fingers inside and rub the upper inner wall of my vagina and then back to my clit. As I watch his eyes, I bring my fingers to my mouth and suck them. I think he wants a taste as he licks his lips. My scent permeates the office. I lay back in the chair, close my eyes and start to rub my pussy again while pinching my nipples with my other hand. I am going to fully allow myself to enjoy this orgasm. Very soon I could feel the energy build and there is a direct line from my nipples to my clit and I came. Hard.
As the involuntary, but oh so good, spasms end, I move my hand to my stomach and lay there on full display for a couple more minutes as I rest in the afterglow. When I open my eyes, I see him rubbing his cock through his pants. He looks at me as if to ask permission, I just nod and he unzips, lowers his pants, takes off his shirt and stands there for a second allowing me to look at him as he is looking at me. His cock is right there in front of me. Fully hard and red with color. And just a couple feet away I am laying there spread wide and plenty wet. His eyes are moving from my breasts to my pussy and he takes my panties in one hand, grabs a hold of his cock with them and starts stroking. He quickly sits back down and tells me this is going to be a quick and he hoped I did not mind. I am enjoying the view and watching the head of his cock. On the up stroke it would move out of view as my panties move over the top of it, and on the down stroke it would pop back into view as his hand moves down. I imagine the soft panties must feel very nice against his hard cock. I love how as he gets harder the head gets bigger. As I am watching, I fantasize how the head would feel upon first penetration...either set of lips. A few more strokes and he tilts his head back and the first spurts start. I love the way it pulses as he cums.
After we both had cleaned up and talked a bit, I realized that I did not want to stop this and that it is very likely that this will be played out again. Not only did I really like watching him orgasm, I really liked being on display and orgasming for him.