The girl had gotten used to wearing just her old tie-dye hippy dress round the flat, no bra or knickers, just the thin loose cotton. Showing off the side of her boobs to anyone looking, and giving them a look straight down the front whenever she bent slightly. She noticed her flat mate looking at her body and secretly loved that she did, and as for the flat mate's boyfriend getting an eye full. She knew he often looked down the top of her dress and had seen her tits on many occasions, and she was convinced that she had given him a few glimpses of her quim, when sitting cross legged on the sofa, or when she was getting up and the dress had ridden up to her arse.
She counted all the wafting round the flat with next to nothing on, as practice for flashing her body to strangers and still being in control of who saw what and how much they saw. She even practiced in front of the mirror, bending, and checking various angles, and sat on a stool to see her thighs, arse and quim from different reflected angles.
The first time she left the flat wearing only the hippy dress, was a hot Saturday morning, she was going shopping for some new boots, and thought the idea of being close to sales assistants, and them helping her to try on the boots would be perfect to show her body off, and very public and safe.
The girl left the flat wearing sandals, the tie-dye cotton dress, sun glasses and her floppy hat, her bag on her shoulder, she wandered towards the park, and then veered off towards the town center. She cut through the lanes and came out on the edge of town, near the old arcades. She chose a lane that had some second hand book and record shops, and retro clothing stores.
She stopped at a table outside a book shop with a box of old tatty comics, and leafed her way through, looking for something to give her boyfriend in a couple of weeks, when she saw him next. She sighed gently at the thought of him, then smiled dirtily as she pictured him naked with his proud hard-on pointing at her.
She caught sight of herself in the shop window reflection, and thinking how hot she looked, and that the dress looked shorter than she thought it was, suddenly feeling slightly vulnerable. She closed her eyes behind the sunglasses and the image of his hard cock popped back into her head and the memory of leading him around his apartment by his dick until he fucked her senseless over the kitchen counter, put the confident dirty smile back on her face.
Not finding anything in the box outside the bookshop, she went inside to see what was on offer. It was a bit gloomy inside, but she kept her sunnies on and surveyed the shelves. The guy behind the counter very subtly double took as he saw her, she pretended not to notice that he was there, and he seemed to do the same. She looked from shelf to shelf, and spotted some action figures on a high shelf and some more tatty comics and some old concert programs on a low shelf.
At first she bent to the lower shelf and leafed through the comics, then the programs, she stopped at an old Rolling Stones program from 1990, and read the cover slowly, if the book shop guy was looking, and she was sure he would be, he should have a great view down the top of her loose flowing dress, to see her pink nippled tits, so she lingered over the program for a few more seconds before picking it up.
She moved around the shop, and found a few more comics, but nothing her boyfriend would be interested in. The Rolling Stones program slipped from under her arm, she immediately bent to retrieve it, and as she fumbled with the glossy pages on the floor, realized her arse was pointing directly at the guy behind the counter. She wondered just how much he could see, and smiled to herself. She straightened with the program and moved over to the high shelf with the action figures. The only ones she recognized were batman and a strange looking beast she thought was from star trek.
The shop guy broke the silence. "Hi, if you want me to get any of those down for you, don't hesitate to ask." He had a gentle Scottish accent that she had always liked since seeing old James Bond films with Sean Connery.
"Thanks," she replied "I don't really know what I'm looking at."
"I'm no expert on the sci-fi or super heroes, but I can see a Charlie Chaplin up there, and a Lemmy from Motorhead." said the shop guy.
"Oo I can't see the Lemmy figure, could you get that one down for me please?" she asked. The guy sidled over, he must have been 6'5, and was slightly insectoid, but a good looking guy of her own age.
The action figure and concert program would make great gifts for her collector obsessed boyfriend, but she didn't think that she had enough money for them along with some new boots.
"Is it really £10?" she asked.
"Well it's quite old and tatty," replied the shop guy and added "maybe the shop owner wouldn't mind letting it go for a little less."
She smiled her best smile at him and took her sunnies off. The guy was already like butter in her hands after the little show that she'd given him. Her big brown eyes blew him away. She left the shop with an absolute bargain, and thinking about the morals of using her body in exchange of money.
After the 40 minute walk and half an hour of window shopping, she was looking for a Café, she wondered if the old Turkish place was still there and headed in its direction. She passed a couple of potential places to look for her new boots, and spotted some nice looking people watching her pass, she was trying not to smile directly at them, but she was grinning from the sexiness between her legs.
The Café was where it always had been, but looked cleaner, fresher. Yes, it'd had a new coat of paint and a general spruce up, she hoped it hadn't lost its character. She sat outside and could see the cafe owner of old through the window, a middle aged woman, tall, dark hair, fantastic tits. But a younger man came to her table to wait on her. She guessed the owner had found herself a fine looking toy boy, who looked closer to her own age, than the Café owner.
"Hi," greeted the waiter "what can I interest you in?" he was flirting immediately with her. His accent sounded posh, but not from this country, well educated, European. He was tall too, with jet black hair. The girl imagined him with the owner, they would make an electric looking couple.
"Hi to you," the girl flirted back, "I'd be interested in some of your coffee and humus salad please." as she reached below the table to retrieve her bag, his eyes flickered to her breasts, and she thought he would get a glimpse of her tits, but maybe not her nipples.
They smiled at each other as he left with her order. The girl looked through the window again, and could see the owner looking back and smiling as the waiter approached, the owner stroked his smooth face and he put a hand on her waist, they looked stunning together and full of passion. The girl thought of her boyfriend again, and knew their passion to be just as strong.
While she waited, she looked around the street. Not much had changed, she guessed it to be over a year since she was last here. The street was for pedestrians only, but a few bikes and skateboards went past, it was still quite early and not very busy. She remembered how busy it got on the weekend and that was why she had avoided the place for so long.
She watched a couple across the street sitting on a bench outside another eating place. They looked a fair bit older than the girl, late thirties, maybe in their forties. Dressed for the hot weather, him in shorts and t-shirt, her in a not dissimilar dress to her own. She noticed the glint in their eyes as they also looked at the other people around. People watching people watching people.
The waiter was at her shoulder with a Cafetiere and a plate with toasted pita, salad and a big dollop of humus.
"Here you are, the coffee is Turkish and strong, the Humus is delicious and Greek." charmed the waiter.
"Like you and your beautiful lady." she flirted back again.
He smiled a devastating smile and the girl had no doubt as to the Café owner's satisfaction in the bedroom department.
She sat and ate and watched people go about their business, and found a few watching her back. She kept her sunnies and hat on, and tried to watch the older couple opposite more closely. They seemed to be spotting eye candy for each other, and asking each other's opinions of the young men and women that they seemed to be picking. Maybe they were a new couple seeing what the other one fancies, or maybe a predatory couple looking for a threesome or group sex. She giggled a little and pretended they were doggers for a minute.
The woman spotted the girl eating her meal, and said something quietly to her man. The girl pretended to be looking the other way, but kept sight of the couple from the corner of her eye. They were both looking her way, and discussing her. She casually uncrossed and re-crossed her legs, to give them something to talk about. The couple stopped mid-sentence and stared unashamedly. She didn't think she'd given them much of a view, just her thighs, but suddenly remembered she was knicker-less, and was a little taken aback. But soon had her dirty smile back and wondered how many people might see her quim today.
The couple were smiling too, and looked on in what appeared to be admiration. While they gazed at her, the woman had parted her legs, and the girl found herself staring back, straight up her dress, to her smooth cunt. WOW, she nearly dropped her food. She felt that she shouldn't be looking, but was unable to look anywhere else, a quick sideways glance to the woman's face saw a dirty smile similar to her own, she returned her gaze to her naked nethers on display, her eyes flickered to the man, and saw the unmistakable bulge in his shorts of what looked like a pleasantly robust hard-on.
Who were these people? She thought. In her surprise, she had slumped slightly, and realized she was sitting legs akimbo allowing the couple complete visual access to her quim again. A Mexican pussy standoff entered her head, she thought would make a good title for a porno film.
The waiter passed by behind her "Is everything to your liking?" he asked.
"oh, er" she stammered, slightly flustered at being caught with her pants down, if she had any on that was. "Yes, very nice, er, thank you" she straightened herself up, and took a sip of coffee and resumed eating.
She glanced over to the couple, they sat as if nothing had happened. The woman sat neatly cross legged, and the man no longer looked as if he had a hard-on. They were chatting and laughing, and only had eyes for each other. The girl wondered if she had imagined that sexy exchange, it had only lasted a few seconds.
She finished her meal and was fishing around in her bag, looking for her money to pay,
"Thank you." a male voice said nearby,
Followed by a female voice "Very beautiful, thank you."
The girl glanced up from her rummaging's to see the older couple glide past and watched them disappear down the street. She hadn't imagined it, wow!
She went inside the Café to pay and to use the toilets. In the small W.C. she checked her hair, and checked in the mirror how her hippy dress was looking, then sat on the toilet and thought about the couple across the street. She didn't want to use the toilet, she just wanted to sit on her own for a couple of minutes and mull over the mornings events. She closed her eyes and pictured the look on the book shop guy's face, after looking down her dress and her bending over in front of him, he must have seen her pussy lips peaking between the cheeks.
With folded arms, she cupped her tits and breathed heavily. Then she remembered the waiter glancing down her top and smiling at the sight of her pretty breasts. She focused her thumbs on her nips and squeaked very quietly. Next she imagined the Café owner with her stunning young waiter, they were sooo hot...
As she thought of the woman flashing her smooth cunt from across the street her hand found its way to her own smooth quim, she stroked her mound and gently touched her hairless lips, before caressing her protruding fronds, she was sticky and wet, her finger slid easily inside and found her g-spot, she squeaked again and slid her finger out to her clit, the first touch was electric, like being hit by lightning she convulsed and came immediately, she kept the pressure on her button and her whole body spasmed again, kicking her legs straight involuntarily, clattering her feet against the door.
She slouched there on the toilet, panting, still trembling, and her finger still at her clitoris, twitching quietly. "OMG" she was gasping quietly for air, her vision askew.
There was a knock at the door that made her jump.
"Miss, Miss, are you OK in there?" it was the Café owner. Again the knock "I can get help if you need? Are you OK? I hear you banging on the door." the owner sounded genuinely concerned.
"I'm fine thanks." called the girl, trying to recover from a mind boggling orgasm, regain her balance and sort out her appearance, all at once and in a bit of a panic. "Really I'm OK, I just dropped my bag by accident, er, and bumped my head, that's all, I won't be long." she sat up straight, and reached for some tissue paper to mop her wet finger and quim. Then stood, flushed the toilet and washed her hands. She quickly foraged in her bag and retrieved a small spray of perfume, to mask the smell of sex that had built up around her exploits.
As the girl opened the door, the Café owner smiled in what appeared relief, then raised an eyebrow, as if she knew what the girl had been doing in there. She felt her face redden as she slid past the owner, "Thanks for your concern, but there is nothing wrong at all." she said and stifled a giggle when the owner said "Do make sure you come again."
Outside the Café she passed the waiter flirting with some more female customers, he looked at her and she saw his eyes widen slightly. She smiled her best smile and floated down the road towards the shoe shops.