The next morning I woke to my sister lying next to me in her bed. We were both naked and my breasts were pressed against her back as we spooned while the morning sun broke through the blinds. My arm was laying over my sister's side and my hand was covering her tit and her nipple was between two of my fingers. A smile crossed my face as I recalled what had happened the night before.
As I lay there recalling the night, my body reminded me that it was morning and I had to pee. Regretfully, I pulled my grip loose from my sister's amazing tit and pulled my arm from its place at her side and slowly rolled out of bed so as not to wake her. I went into the bathroom, just off the bedroom, and sat to release my full bladder. As my stream began, I recalled my sister's mouth on my pussy as her tongue found my slit which caused a shiver to course my body. Her tongue was amazing.
I also recalled the taste of her wet pussy as my tongue explored my first pussy to eat. I could not believe I had waited this long to eat pussy, it tasted great. As I finished peeing, my sister walked into the bathroom and was startled as she saw me standing up from the toilet "sorry sis, I didn't know you were in here."
"No prob, come on in, I'm finished" I said as I checked out her body while a he rubbed her eyes moving across the bathroom towards me. She turned at the toilet, sat and began to pee. My mind, instantly, went to me eating her out last night, shiver crawled my body again.
"So today, after breakfast, we can lay out in the backyard and later go into town and buy food for the week" she said as she finished peeing. As she stood up, I noticed her mound was bare and I remembered it last night, being slippery as I ate her out.
"Sounds good to me" I said as I brushed my hair out then brushed my teeth. Cathy joined me at the sink, brushing her hair then teeth. After brushing, I stood admiring my body and compared it to my sister's. Our bodies looked great as I admired our tits and how our hips matched as they curved to our thighs.
Cathy looked up and asked "what are you doing?"
"Admiring our bodies" I said as our eyes met. "I love you Cathy" as I turned and faced her, the wrapped my arms around her. Cathy turned towards me and returned the hug. Our tits met and I felt Cathy press her crotch toward me. I returned the move and our smooth mounds met.
After a longer than normal hug, Cathy pulled back and said "let's get out in the backyard before it gets too late." I agreed and we left the bathroom to put on our swimsuits. Cathy said there was no need for any suit, unless I just had to have because she has a 6 foot privacy fence around the yard. That said, Cathy walked out of the bedroom totally naked and went to the kitchen for coffee. If it was good enough for her then, it was good enough for me.
Cathy and I grew up together and I looked up to her as my role model. She was always a good example for me from the way she studied during school to the way she was around her various boyfriends. She was always available to me when I needed advise about anything. I could tell her anything and she would never judge and she was the best listener.
When I started dating, it was Cathy who taught me how to kiss and what 'the bases' meant to a guy. She was my rock so it was nothing for me to blindly follow her.
In the kitchen we drank coffee and ate some fruit she had in her fridge. We made a shopping list as we sat there and talked about her new house and the long process to become an owner of a house. I could listen to Cathy all day as she taught me while she talked and had a soothing calm voice as well.
After we talked a while, we put our dishes in the sink and went out back. There were several towels that Cathy used to lay across her lawn furniture by the back door and she advised that I get a few as the furniture might be hot. After spreading the towels out, Cathy asked if I would put tanning lotion on her back to which I agreed. She lay face down on the lounger and I grabbed the lotion, opened it and placed a small amount in my hands. I positioned myself between her feet where I started and worked my way up to her thighs, stopping to put more lotion in my hand. I spread the lotion across her thighs and moved up on her well toned round ass.
As I made circular motions on her ass, I slowed my motion so I could get a better view of her puckered ass hole. As a bonus, I was able to lower my circles into her inner thighs so her pussy lips were spread opened, giving me a great view of her love tunnel. After a few slow circles, I noticed Cathy was raising her ass as I opened her up. The smell of her sex and the appearance of moisture at her lips indicated that she was enjoying this but I didn't want her to get off, not yet. I paused to put more lotion on my hands then I moved up her body and sat straddling her ass while I applied the lotion to her back. While I was straddling her, I felt her push her ass towards my slightly spread pussy.
As I was rubbing the lotion in, I pushed my pussy into her rising ass only to find that I could just touch her pussy with mine. I loved the feel but I was not ready for her to get off, not yet. As I made larger circles on her back, I let my fingertips brush the sides of her full tits that had been pushed out due to her laying face down.
I had finished her back and told her it was my turn. I lay across the other lounger and Cathy started as I did, between my feet. She moved up to my upper thighs and as she made circular motions, I felt my ass cheeks open and I knew she was getting a view of my puckered ass hole. She took her time as she pulled her thumbs right over my hole causing me to wince slightly,
After a short pause over my hole, Cathy poured lotion on my back and slowly rubbed it in taking great care as her hands passed the side of my tits. "Flip" was all she said.
"What, flip?" I questioned.
"Yes, I have to get your other side so I don't have to get up later and do it" she said as she gave me that look of 'waiting...' She raised up off of me and I squirmed till I was face up as her legs were on either side of my hips. Without thinking, she sat back down and her slightly opened pussy landed right on my bare mound.
Cathy took the lotion and poured it in her hand then rubbed my stomach and slowly made circles as she moved up my body. As her hands found my tits, my nipples had already gotten hard. Cathy took her time as she massaged the lotion on my tits and I felt her begin to rock her hips slightly forward and backward on my mound.
It didn't take long for both of us to start breathing harder. I was hoping she would not stop as I felt that similar tingle starting from within. Several times she pinched my nipples which caused me to wince and bite my lower lip. I also arched my back so she could get a better hold on my tits. Cathy was grinding her clit into my mound and I rotated my hips so my clit could meet hers.
As our clits touched, a shock rocked my body and a let out a moan "aaahhhHHOOoooo." Cathy's grinding increased as she was in the beginnings of her first orgasm of the day. I was grinding her in return as the tingle took over my body letting me know that I was also beginning my first orgasm of the day.
We rubbed our clits together as our orgasms increased. Our moans and noises we were making could probably be heard two houses down but we didn't care. Cathy's stomach muscles began to convulse involuntarily, causing her pelvis to thrust forward in short bursts which caused her clit to push on my clit. This caused my stomach muscles to convulse and push my clit past hers. We were taking turns involuntarily lengthening our orgasms.
I had to force myself to reach for Cathy's hips and force her back away from my clit as it was uber sensitive and I had to have a break. I thought I was going to black out from the pleasure as Cathy fell across my body. We were two bodies sweating and breathing like we had just come up from being under water for too long. I managed to put my arms around her to prevent her from sliding off of me as we recovered from our mind blowing orgasms.
As our breathing slowed, Cathy sat up on me and said "that was incredible! I have never had an orgasm that strong!" After gathering my senses, I realized that the neighbors had to have heard us and was very embarrassed as well as satisfied. Sure, I was okay with them seeing me in my seductive clothing but not hearing me as I have my orgasm in the backyard, with my sister. Oh well, now they have, I thought, and smiled up at Cathy.
"It was so incredible" I said.
Cathy stood up and left a pool of our juices on my mound and lips. She turned and bent over it to licked me clean. This caused another orgasm within me so I pushed her back and swept the remaining juice onto my hand and licked it clean. We both laid back on the loungers and were asleep in no time.
I was awakened later to Cathy's voice talking on her cell phone. She was telling the person that she would see them tomorrow and I was hoping that she would not have to leave me by myself due to work. As she ended the call she said " that was dad and he is coming out tomorrow. I called him to see if he could come do a few maintenance things around here. I told him I would make it worth his while."
My dad and my sister were very close. Growing up, she was his shadow. All she had to do was give him that pitiful look and pouty lip and he would do anything. This would send my mom into orbit and what I believe the center for most of their arguments. He would always remain calm during their 'discussions' and after my mom went off on him, she would throw her hands in the air and say "I give up, you raise them mister know it all!" Dad spent many nights sleeping in the spare bedroom and I remember my sister coming out of there one early morning when I had to get up and pee.
I always wondered about that in the back of my mind but now I think I understand. Cathy and dad had an 'understanding', she asked for things, he rewarded, then she rewarded him. I'm not sure just yet how she rewarded him so I'm going to watch when he's here to see what happens.
At midday, clouds moved in so we went in and shared a shower that was very exhilarating to say the least. We washed each other from head to toe, front to back, getting every crack and crevice. After our shower, we put on very similar clothing, consisting of blue jean short shorts, the ones that have the front pocket sticking out through the leg hole, and loose fitting tank shirts with low cut armholes that revealed our ribcages. If either of us were to lean forward, our tits would be on full display from the side.
We grabbed a quick lunch then left for the grocery. Being midday, there weren't too many people in the store, not that that mattered, so we took our leisure time gathering the items on our list. In the fruits and vegetable section, I had to bend over as the cucumbers we wanted were on the bottom shelf.
I had forgotten that I had that shirt on but was reminded when I selected my cucumbers, after much searching and moving of inferior cucumbers, when I looked down the isle and the produce guy was standing there with his mouth hanging open. He appeared to be frozen in place and Cathy was grinning from ear to ear as she was near him and got the same show. "Hey lady, nice tits!" Cathy shouted from where she stood. This rattled the produce guy and he jumped like he was shot, scrambling to attempt hiding himself from me seeing him.
When he had evacuated the area, Cathy burst out laughing as she walked back to where I was. "Damn Erin, that was hot!" She put her hand in the side of my shirt and gave my tit a squeeze. I moved my arm back, forcing her hand free from my shirt and looked around to see if anyone saw us. Across the area, the produce guy was peaking over the apple section and ducked when I made eye contact. I blushed, bit my bottom lip and pushed Cathy out of the produce section.
As we checked out, the cashier called for bagging assistance and guess who showed up, yep, the produce guy. I blushed again and thanked him for bagging and he said "no prob, nice merlons by the way" as he picked up the two cantaloupes and placed them in a bag.
Cathy was right beside me at this point and interjected "I agree, as she brushed my tit through my shirt then giggled as she walked away. I thanked him again and pushed my cart out the door. I felt his eyes burning a hole on my ass as I walked out to where Cathy was parked.
We loaded groceries and headed back to the house. Upon arrival, we unloaded our bags and put all the food away. After we finished our task, Cathy suggested we go to the public library and check out some books. Growing up, Cathy and I became obsessed with reading so this was a great idea.
We quickly loaded back in the jeep and she drove us to the library. On the way, I noticed that our shirts were being blown around by the drafts created by the jeep and our tits were being exposed at random times. Sometimes there was traffic around us and other times there was just a few vehicles. One time, we were passing a big 18 wheeler and my tits were exposed and the driver gave us a complimentary horn honk. Cathy slowed so he could get a better view and I blew him a kiss then laugh and covered my exposed skin.
When we arrived at the library, we agreed that we would get three books then leave otherwise we would be there the rest of the day just reading. After about an hour and a half, we found each other with the agreed amount each then headed to check out. When we sat our books down, the librarian was just staring at us with obvious disgust on her face. I'm sure she did not approve of our choice of outfits and she really didn't like what happened next. Cathy noticed her look first and quickly pulled me close and said "baby, you got what you need?" then put her arm around my shoulder and let her hand come to rest on my tit.
The librarian quickly checked our books out and mumbled her disgust at 'this generation having no boundaries' or something like that. This gave Cathy great pleasure and I was more than happy to play along. "Yes babe, I have all I need" I said as I leaned over and kissed her on the lips. It was a quick peck but it made its point. The librarian slammed the books on the counter and gave us the 'get the hell out of here' look. We giggled to each other and walked out only to start laughing out loud when we cleared the doors.
We drove home with the multiple looks from onlookers as we inadvertently exposed ourselves again. This time though, we were more consumed with the freedoms we felt from the airflow. When we arrived back at the house, Cathy stripped naked as we got to the front door, entering completely naked, clothes strewn across the front lawn and porch. "I'm so fucking hot from that, get naked, I want your pussy right now, right here" she said as she turned to help remove my clothes.
Our lips met as my shirt flew off and our tongues intertwined in our mouths. I have to admit, the drive home made me pretty hot also. Our lips struggled to stay connected as our bodies move apart enough for our hands to meet at my shorts. We struggled to get them off but within a short time, they were on the floor and we were body to body.
I reached for Cathy's face as she grabbed my ass with both hands and pulled me as close to her as she could get. I raised a leg and wrapped it around her ass to pull her into me more. We leaned back bit the front door as I moved my hands to Cathy's upper arms for support. I pulled her arms back and she pulled her hands off my ass. Our kiss broke long enough for me to say "couch."
That was all she needed as she grabbed my hand and pulled me around the end table and pushed me down on the couch. I hadn't hit the couch good and Cathy was hiking her leg over me and her body met mine. Her face buried in my pussy immediately and her tongue danced across my lips. I moaned and returned the favor.
I reached for her ass cheeks and pulled them apart, revealing her hole. I took my index finger, put it in my mouth to get it slick, then put if to her hole. With a small push, I sunk my finger to the first knuckle and Cathy gasped. "Fuck me in my ass with your finger did" she breathed. As my tongue disappeared between her wet lips, I sunk my finger to the second knuckle and Cathy raised her ass to meet it. I started to pump my finger in and out of her ass and she started I hump my face more.
I found her clit and began sucking on it driving Cathy to a quick orgasm. Her response was to finger fuck my pussy with two fingers. She found my g spot and massaged it quickly to send me into an orgasm as well. "Ah...ah...ah...ah..." Was all I could say and it was muffled by her pussy around my mouth.
"Mhmm...Mhmm...Mhmm...Mhmmm" was all Cathy could do as I pressed my pussy in her mouth. Our simultaneous orgasmic convulsions prevented us from forming any audible words short of moans and grunts.
Eventually, out of exhaustion, we collapsed in a pile. Heavy breathing, racing hearts and plenty of sex sweat were the tale tell signs that we were completely satisfied. "Fuck, this just keeps getting better and better sis" I said between breaths. Cathy turned her body around so that we were face to face.
"Only thing better is a big, hard dick" Cathy stated without thinking.
"Really?" I asked. To date, I have held on to my virginity till I met that special someone. As Cathy put it, 'that someone you just could not live without, that someone you love like no one else"
"Yes, it's a full feeling like you will never be able to replace, once you find or" she said as she slid off me to the side. We remained together for a while on the couch talking and cuddling. I really enjoyed our after sex time together, that's when are barriers are down and any conversation goes.
"So..." I started. "What was going on with you and dad when you snuck out of his bedroom back when you lived at home?"
She raised up on an elbow and said "you have to promise not to ever repeat what I'm about yo tell you."
"Promise" I said as I raised my eyebrows.
"Well, dad and mom fought over decisions dad made in my favor and against mom. I figured I owed him so I would sneak into his room after everyone was in bed. It was all innocent, at first, then, one time as I was laying with him, just talking, we fell asleep. I woke, shortly after to dad spooning with me. I felt his erection sticking between my ass cheeks so I wiggled to try and wake him but it only caused his cock to move deeper in my ass cheeks until it was at my ass entrance. I froze but dad never moved so I moved my ass a bit to try and move it away but it only moved closer to my pussy.
I felt dad's cock move so I froze again. His cock reacted to the stimulation I was causing and it pulsed. I was afraid to move more for feat that he would enter me. Dad slept nude and I only had on a sleep shirt and the lower end of it had ridden up and bunched around my waist during sleep time. This left dad and I skin to skin and I have to say it felt amazing.
As I listened, I felt my pussy growing wetter and wetter. Cathy continued laying next to me on the couch as our tits were rubbing gently against each other. "So what did you do!?" I said, needing story climax.
"Well, from my moving and dad's cock pulsing, I guess it roused his sleep cause he shuffled himself around and reached for me and pulled me closer to him in spooning. His cock was shoved into my pussy, I think he was dreaming about it because when he sunk his cock in me, he grabbed my tit and immediately tweaked my nipples" Cathy said.
I had unconsciously put two fingers in my wet pussy and was gliding them in and out slowly. "Then what happened?" I needed release.
"He started pumping his rock hard cock in and out of me like I was mom or someone" Cathy exclaimed. "I have to say it was the most satisfying feeling that I have ever felt. Then dad sort of woke up and I pulled away from him before he came in me. As he woke more, he realized what had just happened and about had a heart attack. I had to reassure him that it was okay with me and that I didn't mind after all he had done for me. It was the least I could do for him."
Over the course of the next several hours we lay there and talked about how they developed a bond and relationship that became intimate behind close doors. She told me about the times they had sex and how dad looks and feels in her pussy. She also told me how he feels in her mouth and what he tastes like. When she had told me everything, I asked "do you think dad would let me fuck him or suck him?"
As Cathy and I got up from the couch, we hatched a plan for me to have my dad without him finding out. We went to the kitchen and fixed something to eat and talked about his upcoming visit.
That night we cuddled and talked more about dad and mom and how Cathy had stepped in to replace mom in dad's bed. I never realized the level to which they had developed their bond until today. I was hoping that dad and I could start something like that, starting tomorrow. We fell asleep in each other's arms.
===========================================================
The next morning we rose and fixed breakfast and sat to drink coffee. Since yesterday, we had not put on a stitch of clothing and it was feeling pretty good to me. As we sat around enjoying the morning, the doorbell rang. Cathy said it must be dad and went to answer the door. "Cathy, don't you think you should put something on?" I asked before she cleared the dining room.
She picked up my shirt from yesterday that was still laying by the front door, threw mine to me to put on, then opened the door. I had barely gotten mine over my head and I heard the sound of dad's voice "hey sweetie!" then I fatherly kiss sound. I had about three seconds to get this shirt over my body before dad got a free shot of my naked body. I'm no prude, by any stretch but it was my dad.
I just covered my pussy when dad rounded the corner to the dining room. "Hey pumpkin!" dad said as he approached me. I stood and hugged him, hoping he could see my naked ass in the window reflection behind me. My dad is about six feet tall, 195 pounds, and in great shape for a fifty five year old. Looking at him, people mistake his age for early forties and he thanks them. He goes to the gym regularly and stays outside as much as possible.
When he released me, I noticed one of my tits hadn't made it in the shirt so I pulled my shirt from between them and covered the bare one. This gave him a free view of my tit, short as it may have been. "Mornin!" Was all he said as he tweaked my nipple over my shirt. This sent a giggle through my body and I reacted by wincing away from him.
When I looked at Cathy, she had not even put her shirt on, she was still naked! I remembered hers was out on the front porch but now she had tossed it over the back of the chair where she was previously sitting. Had she gone out and picked it up or had dad brought it in to her?
Dad asked "so is someone gonna show dad where he can put his stuff or do I just set it here?" He motioned to his feet.
"Where is your stuff?" Cathy asked, not seeing anything but a small carry bag she knew were his tools.
"They are in the car but you might want to put that shirt on before you go outside, the lawn company is across the street and they may not be able to work if they see you" dad said as he looked Cathy's body over several times. "You do have your mom's body" dad said as if he was on memory lane. I felt another tingle as my boys looked like a carbon copy of Cathy's minus the size of our tits.
"I'll go, you two catch up" I said and went to the front door. I opened the door, looked for people, then went out to dad's car for his stuff. I expected him to park in the driveway but his car was out in the street. I had to go out in the street with only a tee shirt on to get his stuff. As I got closer to the car, I saw several neighbors out washing their cars, mowing the lawn, and other outdoor activities. I made it to the car, curbside, only to find the drivers door was the only door unlocked and I didn't have his keys.
I walked around to the driver's side and opened the door, unlocking the remaining doors. As I moved, quietly to the rear door, the front door slammed causing the entire lawn crew to look up. There I was, in the middle of the street with nothing on but a low cut, thin tee shirt and a smile. I opened the rear door, praying for cover from the vultures across the street, and grabbed dad's stuff. As I pulled his stuff out of the car, I put it up close to my body in an attempt to hide myself, my shirt tail caught on his luggage and rode up in front leaving my pussy open to whomever might want to see it.
There was absolutely nothing I could do, at this point, that would decrease the amount of eyes that were intently watching me. So I just casually walked back around the car, giving the neighbors free views of my bare pussy as I carried dad's luggage back inside.
When I got back inside, dad and Cathy had gone out in the backyard and Cathy was pointing out the yard boundaries and she was still naked. I sat his luggage by the door for now. As I got closed to the back sliding door, I noticed that dad was naked also. I noticed his ass first as it was a perfectly tanned ass and very well shaped. In fact, dad had no tan lines on back at least.
I stood for what seemed like an eternity, staring at my dad's ass before I snapped and moved outside. Cathy turned to me and said "I told dad about what you know and he is cool with it. In fact he was worried about seeing him naked."
Dad turned and said "I hope you don't mind Erin, Cathy and I have this understanding since she moved here. If I come over for any length of time and without your mother, I can be naked just like her."
I heard him talking but my mind and my eyes were fixed on his cock. It was semi hard and it was about 8 inches long and it was about an inch and a half thick and he was circumcised While it wasn't the biggest cock, I was a great representation of norm, I guess. "Not a problem" I stammered. "Just need some adjusting time."
"Well, if it helps, you are more than welcomed to touch it" dad said in an innocent tone as he reached down and wrapped his hand around it. He stroked it a few times so that it would get totally hard. I guess he did that to impress me, it worked.
"Let me get the visual taken care of first" I asked as if trying to shy away. I really wasn't but there is just so much you can learn on on day about someone at this level. Touching would come soon enough I thought.
"That's my girl" dad said and without thinking held his hands out, soliciting a hug from me. As if second nature, I reached for him and hugged him, stabbing his now hard and erect cock into my stomach, just below me navel. "Oh, sorry" dad added.
"It's okay" I said and pulled away enough for him to push his cock against his stomach and pulled me to him for a second try. The only thing that separated skin to skin contact was the thin tee shirt material. I was mentally drawing a picture of his cock for use tonight when I masturbated after I went to bed.
After his initial hug, dad released me and we talked about what was going on here and Cathy told him about our sex sessions. She didn't leave out anything, including our library escapade. I just looked at her, wide eyed, wondering what the hell she was doing. My sister was telling my dad everything and I went mute.
Dad smiled and shook his head several times, saying "wow, hate I missed that" every so often. I knew he was interested because his cock stayed hard and would pulse when Cathy got to certain parts of the past day and a half.
Cathy stopped talking about our fun, looked down at dad's cock and asked "is he feeling left out and trying to get my attention?" As she spoke, she reached out and took my dad's cock in her hand and dad inhaled as if he was suddenly in need of air. "Fuck dad, he's as hard as he has ever been, have you missed me?" looking down as he spoke directly to his cock head.
She leaned in and gently kissed his cock head then looked up into dad's eyes. "I've missed him" she said as she gently stroked his cock and stepped toward dad. As she got closer, dad leaned down and Cathy went on tip toes and their lips met. Their kiss was not a dad and daughter kind of kiss, this kiss was a lovers kiss. Their mouths opened and it was bio obvious that tongues were involved. Her hand never missed a stroke.
Dad's hands went to her ass and he pulled her up higher that way. I stood feeling about as awkward as I could while my dad was making out with my sister, baked, right in front if me. Talk about shock!
After what really seemed like an eternity, they broke their kiss session and looked at me. "Get a room" I said. "At least you could have included me, somehow." I was feeling like a third wheel.
Dad put his hand out and said "no clothes", so I grabbed at the bottom of my shirt and pulled it up and over my head and tossed it to the side. There I was, just as naked, right in front of my dad, first time ever. I stepped into his arm and we had a three way hug with dad's cock between Cathy and me.
As we hugged, dad's hand dropped to my ass so I, in turn, dropped my hand to his ass. His ass was very firm and shaped great, not to mention the thickness of his cock in my hip. My other hand had reached for Cathy and I had grabbed her ass with my other hand, crossing over dad's arm and hand which had settled in the middle of Cathy's ass. Whole hugging, my hand moved to find dad's hand and when I did, it was in the middle of Cathy's ass and when I mentally counted his fingers, one was missing. I assumed it was buried in Cathy's ass and upon further mental thought, I found that it was in her ass.
My nipples grew instantly hard and I knew that my dad had to have felt it. I also realized that when we broke this hug, Cathy would also. Sure enough, as soon as I thought it, it happened. We broke the hug and my nipples were hard as rocks but I was not alone, Cathy's were just the same. Looking down I saw dad's erect cock, again, and it was a sight to see. Its head was big and full with a reddish purple color with a slit right at the tip. The shaft was thick with a vein that ran from base to the head but it was in a jagged pattern. His balls were big and hung kind of low and there was no hair so I am guessing he shaves as well.
"So what's on my agenda?" he asked Cathy.
"There are a couple of things, first, the sink in the second bathroom has no hot water and the shower in my bath is not hot enough" she said as she pointed toward where they would be if there were no walls. Dad shook his head and went back inside to take a look. We followed as he went to the bathroom sink issue. When he went in, he opened the doors belo the sink, stuck his head under the counter and said "easy fix." After a few squeaks from under the counter, dad emerged, turned the hot faucet and hot water came out.
"My heto" Cathy exclaimed ax she hugged his neck when he stood up. When she started to pull back from the hug, she gave him a quick peck on the lips. Dad had returned her hug and his hands instinctively went to her ass. Cathy acted as if it was supposed to happen. I was starting to become a little jealous that he was taking these liberties with her right in front of me.
We left the bathroom sink problem and moved to the shower issue. Cathy opened the shower door, walked in and turned on the shower. Dad walked in with her and shut the door. Cathy's shower can fit up to four people in it comfortably so it was not a space problem for them to be in there. They were talking about the temp and strength of the water and feeling each other ever so often. Dad agreed, after ten minutes in there that the water was not hot enough. They hugged and kissed while they were in there and I had had enough so I opened the door, walked in and announced "I'm feeling left out."
Dad and Cathy broke their hold, looked at me and Cathy giggled "nobody is stopping you except you." She put her arm out and I joined for a second three way hug. It didn't take long for the opened shower door to let the small amount of heat out. The cool was having effects on our tits and dad's cock. We exited the shower, toweled off and dad said he would get the heat issue fixed right away. He went to his tools and brought back a few and within ten minutes, he was done. He told us to be careful as the water would be much hotter on the next shower.
We had sat on Cathy's bed while dad worked on the shower and when he came out of the bath, he plopped on the bed with us. His cock had lost most of its rigidity and length but was still impressive to me. Cathy and I were at the head of the bead and dad was at the foot of the bed on my side. "So is this the bed you two have been having so much fun without me?" he asked.
"Yep" Cathy answered. "This is actually the sides we really sleep on"
I noticed dad's cock had begun to regain some of its size while imagining what went on as Cathy talked. This caused me to get that tingle in my pussy that meant good things may be coming. I was not going to let Cathy have first dibs so I said "does someone need some help with that?" I asked as I looked down at his growing hard on.
Dad looked down and said "looks like it, doesn't it." As he leaned back a little, revealing his now erect cock. I moved first towards his cock and took it in my hand as if I was trying to beat Cathy to it. "Easy baby, no rush" he said.
"Sorry, just didn't want to be left out again" I quipped. I looked down at his cock and wondered, 'what now?' so I began to stroke him like I saw Cathy do it earlier. It felt pretty good holding such a big cock in my hand so I added my second for more pleasure.
Dad closed his eyes and lay his head back as I double stroked him. "Lick his tip" Cathy whispered in my ear. I leaned over and licked the head of dad's cock and I felt his slit slip past my tongue.
"Yes baby, lick my cock. Now put the head in your mouth" dad said.
What was I doing! I was stroking my dad's cock and licking his cock and now he wanted me to put it in my mouth! I looked up at him like I didn't know how then Cathy sad "like this" and leaned over and put his cock head in her mouth.
I watched Cathy suck his cock head like a sucker. She looked up at dad who had turned his attention and his eyes back to her. She pulled his cock head partially out of her mouth and smile up at him then looked at me. It was erotic to me I became wet as I stroked him. Cathy released his cock and kissed my hands as I continued to stroke him.
"Come here" Cathy said as she looked up at me after kissing my hand. I leaned over to dad's cock and Cathy said "do what I just did" so I took his cock head in my mouth. His cock head felt warm and kind so soft on the end but got harder as it ended where his shaft started. "That's it...and remember to lick the tip while you suck on it."
I did all she told me then as I pulled off dad's cock, Cathy met me with a passionate kiss. Dad's hands were behind our heads as if he was encouraging us to continue. My hands had stopped stroking dad as I was distracted by Cathy but was reminded when her hand covered mine and we began stroking dad together. My eyes opened as we kissed and Cathy's did too as we leaned back into dad's cock and shared our kiss with his cock head between our lips.
We moved our hands from his cock to his ass as we kissed and licked down his shaft and dad's cock twitched and he moaned "yyyeeeeeeesss." When we arrived at his base, Cathy moved just below and licked one of dad's balls and I followed suit.
We shared kisses while kissing and licking his balls and cock and dad would run his fingers through our hair in response.
I had kissed and licked my way back to his cock head and had put his it in my mouth and was sliding it across my tongue to the back of my throat. I could feel the warmth of his cock when it hit the back of my throat and I really loved the feel against my tongue.
As I allowed his cock to retreat from my mouth, I would pull suction hard in my mouth when I felt the head of it touch the end of my tongue, preventing it from escaping me. I would ran tongue tongue up the end of his cock and try to put the tip of my tongue in his cock slit. This got a "ahhhhh yeeees, suck me baby" from dad.
Cathy was paying extra attention to dad's balls and shaft. Every so often, she would lick around the portion of dad's cock that was just in my mouth and my lips. Cathy took her hand and was massaging dad's ass and slipped a finger between his ass cheeks. As her finger slipped in, she found his ass hole and started applying some pressure to his hole.
Dad felt this and returned the pressure to her finger, forcing me to lose some of the cock I had in my mouth. I recovered my lose to hear dad say "yes, fuck my ass with your finger, make me cum."
It was at that point I had to make a decision. Was I going to swallow his cum, let him shoot his load on me, or let Cathy have the honors. My other option was to allow his load to go into my mouth and then share it with Cathy.
Dad had his hands on the back of my head as he fucked my mouth and I felt his cock swell a bit more. As I pulled back to just his head in my mouth, he shot his first rope of cum and it hit the back of my throat. I grabbed his shaft and began milking him as he continued to deposit his load in my mouth.
I've read porn before and you see where the guy shoots so much that it leaks out of the receiver's mouth? I was expecting that but was finding out that is not true. Dad did cum for a good bit and there was quite a lot of cum in my mouth but my mouth was more than able to contain it all.
I leaned my head back a bit so I would not lose any of dad's warm juice and sucked the remaining juice from his cock. I pulled away and Cathy said "I'm going to clean him off. Don't swallow, I want some" so I closed my mouth and danced my tongue around in my prize.
Cathy quickly went down on dad's now sensitive cock head and sucked the remaining drops from his still hard cock. She licked his head one last time then turned to me and we kissed. Her tongue immediately found mine and she pulled some of my prize to her mouth. When I felt she had enough, I closed my mouth and swallowed as did she.
I loved the feel of dad's cum in my mouth. It had a slight salty flavor but not bad at all. It felt creamy and warm and when I swallowed, it went down with no problems. I was kind of sad that I no longer had any to okay with in my mouth but I knew where to go to get more later, I smiled.
Cathy swallowed hers and commented "damn little sister, I didn't know you had that in you. Your a pretty good cock sucker."
Dad adde "no, she's a damn good cock sucker. She almost as good as you Cathy and this was my first time with her." He pulled us to our feet and we shared passionate kisses between us. Dad tongued both of us, tasting himself on us but not minding at all.
As we broke our kisses, Cathy suggested we put some clothes on and go eat. We agreed and kissed once more before getting dressed. I put on a pair of spandex shorts and a loose tee shirt with flip flops, Cathy put on flip flops and a sundress with nothing under it, and dad put on a pair of khaki shorts, a pull over shirt and flip flops.
When we left the house for the car, Cathy suggested we go in the jeep. We all agreed and piled in with me in the back, dad as passenger and of course Cathy driving. It was turning out to be a pretty hot day so with the top off the jeep, it felt amazing on our skin. The wind prevented it from being too hot as we traveled to the restaurant. On the drive over, we all shared looks between us and the sexual tension built as we all thought on our earlier adventure.
I was feeling a little naughty so while we were driving, I tapped dad and Cathy and on their shoulders and when they looked, dad turned and Cathy used the center mirror, I flashed my tits at them then laughed. They laughed with me and it kind of reduced the tension a bit. Dad asked if there was a good Mexican food restaurant in town and Cathy looked at me in the mirror and smiled "there is a great one that we pasted near the neighborhood I live in. You don't want seafood?"
"That's fine with me, I can eat anything" as he smiled at Cathy. She smiled back and put her hand on his thigh. These two have a real special bond that I was being allowed to see and I was really loving it. They were more like lovers than family and it was sexy to be a part of. I have fucked my sister, sucked my dad and could only imagine the next step. I felt the tingle from within and smiled.
Cathy turned into the seafood restaurant and parked her jeep in a spot close to the door. Cathy hooked her arm around dad's arm as we walked in as I walked behind. After putting our name on the wait list, we sat on a bench in the corner. Dad sat between us and we made small talk while waiting. I decided to up the anty a little so I leaned over close to dad and put my forearm on his thigh and my hand on his knee. I did this to talk to Cathy but also to show her that I wanted some of dad. As we continued to talk, dad put his arm across my back and lightly ran his fingers across my back as if he was scratching my back. Cathy didn't say anything but I know she noticed.
Our name was called so we rose to be seated. I noticed dad had his other hand behind Cathy as we stood. I wondered what the seating arrangement would be as we followed the waitress to the table.
We were seared at a booth and dad sat on one side and we sat across from him. During our wait and during our meal, Cathy and I played footsie with dad and each other. When we finished, we were ready to go.
We loaded up in the jeep and dad suggested some yogurt for dessert. Cathy drove to the yogurt shop and we got our orders. We sat in the jeep eating our dessert, enjoying the company.
After yogurt, we headed back home full and sleepy. When we arrived, we went inside and Cathy said we should all lay out and tan in the backyard. She suggested that we could nap while out there as well. I was all for it and striped first with Cathy then dad following. Cathy went to the bedroom closet and brought back a blanket big enough for all here of us. We went to the backyard, spread the blanket then settled down for sun and naps.
We took turns rubbing lotion on each other, taking great care on the private parts. I covered dad's cock, Cathy covered my pussy and dad got Cathy's pussy. We all laid down and were out in no time.
Later when I woke, Cathy had mounted dad and was still riding him. They were being quite but the sight was so sexy. Dad had her tits and she was on top riding his cock. Her legs are very toned so this was no big deal for her. Her hands were on dad's chest to assist on the rise of her body. She was all into it and never noticed me.
Dad was into it but saw me out of the corner of his eye and took the hand closest to me, that was on Cathy's ass, and put it on my hip as I had rolled onto my side. I was watching my sister's beautiful body rising and falling on my dad's cock. Her pussy had coated dad's cock and it was glistening in the light. I reached over with my free hand and touched Cathy's mound as she rode up and down. My other hand was propping up my head so I could get a better view.
Cathy opened her eyes and without missing a stroke said "hey...sunshine...want...some...dad...daddy...co...cock?"
I shook my head and bit my lip as I sat up. Cathy rose up till dad's cock fell out and landed on his tummy with a splat. His cock had a great coating of her juices on it so it would be easy for me to take him. Side rolled off on dad's other side and helped me straddle dad. She held his cock up as I moved to line up his cock with my now wet pussy.
She held his cock in line with my lips and said "just ease yourself down on it", so I did. With very little resistance, I lowered myself as I felt my cunt becoming fuller and fuller. It was an amazing feeling as I felt him bottom out against what felt like my cervix. He was all in, we were mound to mound then I ground against him hoping for more.
Cathy told me to just sit there and let myself get use to it for a minute. I did then slowly raised up off his cock and I could feel it as if it was sliding across my hand. I could feel his cock head edge sliding out and I felt the shape of his cock pulling out. I stopped with just the head in my wet pussy then slowly sat back down and I felt him fill me again.
As I got use to the slow ins and ours, I started to speed up some as this increased the build up to the orgasm Cathy and I had talked about. I could feel this overwhelming sensation or feeling taking over that was driving me to go faster and deeper if I could. When I thought I could go no more, I felt this electric, convulsive tremor take over and it seemed like the lights just went off. I took deep breathes and let out a sound that was like a scream but not one, it was more like a howl.
My body started shaking and I wanted to be as close to my dad's cock as I could get so I ground my pussy into him as the pleasure increased. I thought if I could just get a little more in me as my orgasm traveled through my body. I'm not sure how long it lasted but it got to such a nerve sensitive level that I collapsed on top of my dad.
When I came to my senses, dad lay me over on my side, letting his still hard cock slip out of me. As he released me to lay there and recover, Cathy remounted him and began riding him like before. Soon after she started, dad said "I'm going to cum baby!"
Cathy seemed to ride him harder and faster until he tensed up and she just bottomed him in her and held it there. He closed his eyes tight and moaned "cummmminnnggg!"
"Oooowwwwwwuuugggghhhhhh!" Cathy moaned as dad shot load after load into her wet and waiting cunt. Dad reached and grabbed her tits causing her to orgasm. She started to hump his bottomed out cock with short thrust. I lay there watching the most erotic display I have ever seen. I felt a tingle go through my body.
As their orgasms subsided, dad released Cathy's tits and she leaned into him and they kissed like lovers. They had forgotten I was even there at thus point but I was happy to be there and see their love for each other.
When Cathy sat up, she said "that was amazing honey." She cuddled on his chest and turned her face towards me. "I guess you are going to need some information from us, huh?" to which I shook my head.
"That was so hot, what y'all just did" I said. "I want that." She knew what I meant as she leaned to me and kissed me.
"And you shall get it" was all she said then returned to dad's chest and closed her eyes. We all laid in the back yard for the rest if the day soaking up the sun and the skin. Cathy rolled off dad and lay beside him and I eased up on him and straddled him. His cock had recovered and I eased down on it, feeling that full feeling again.
This time, I rode him the entire time without Cathy taking over. In fact, she was asleep so I took advantage and had my way. I rode dad a while then eased off him only to take his cock in my mouth. I sucked him to near orgasm then stopped and slipped his swollen cock back in my pussy. When I had all of him in me, I began to ride him just as my sister did and before long he shot his load deep into my pussy.
My orgasm was like none other and when dad came, it sent me to another level. I wanted him to stay in me forever but his shrinking cock had other ideas. I rolled off dad as sister was waking up and she crawled over dad and pushed me down on my back. She then moved down to my full pussy and stuck her tongue deep in me and started sucking dad's juice out of me. After tonguing and sucking, I was clean and Cathy slid up my body and met me with the kiss of lovers.
All of our inhibitions had fallen at this point. There was only one adventure left and I wanted to wait and see If dad and Cathy did it before I asked dad to fuck my ass. After all we had done, there was not much to hide. Might as well go for it all when the opportunity presents itself.
The sun was beginning to set as we got up and went in the house. We decided to order delivery so Cathy called in a pizza with 20 minute delivery time or it's free. Twenty minutes later, the doorbell rang and Cathy went to the door then I heard "come on in." As she let the delivery guy in, she told him had to get money out of her purse in the bedroom, to make himself comfortable.
She walked through to the bedroom and the guy came in behind her and froze when he saw dad and I sitting in the living room, naked. Cathy took her time, giving us time to be on display. Dad got up from the couch and went to the kitchen to get some water, giving the pizza guy a free shot of his cock.
I moved to a different chair to find the remote to turn the tv on giving him a free view of my entire body. His eyes followed me like he was hypnotized which I found cute. When I sat down in my chair, I made sure I sat with my knees opened. My pussy was out on display and I was getting wet by just sitting there.
Dad came back in the room and when he walked by my chair, he winked at me. He sat on the couch and I noticed he was semi erect and then I noticed the pizza guy notice. I watched his pants and saw him get a bulge started while his mouth was starting to hang open.
Cathy came back in the room and gave the guy his money and a good tip. She turned to dad and commented "mmmm, looks like you're almost ready for a good fucking." The pizza guy looked at Cathy the shot a look at dad and his eyes almost bugged out.
Dad agreed as he took his cock in his hand and stroked it a few times causing it to go fully hard. "Maybe both of you can take care of it" dad said as he looked at Cathy then me and grinned. The pizza guy took a step backwards towards the door and almost tripped over something by the door.
"You are one lucky man!" He commented as he felt for the door to leave.
"Thanks" dad said and winked.
After he made it out the front door, we settled around the pizza and ate. It didn't take long and we were finished with no left overs. We all laid back on the furniture and watched tv quietly.
There was nothing on so I turned the channels to find a porn channel. After watching for a while, we all decided to create our own porno in the bedroom. We turned the tv off and made our way to the bedroom and dad laid across the bed first.
Cathy followed dad and immediately straddled him and filled her wet pussy with his cock. I came up behind Cathy and put my arms around her and started massaging her tits. She turned her head towards me and we kissed as she rode on dad's cock. I moved on around Cathy and positioned my wet pussy over dad's face and he took his hands to pull my upper thighs so my pussy landed on his mouth.
Dad's tongue slipped in my love tunnel and he pushed it in and out, randomly letting it find my slit. This sent a charge through my body causing my to involuntarily convulse. I leaned forward and kissed Cathy's nipples and drug my tongue across her firm tits. Dad's hands found my tits and he tweaked my nipples.
As my orgasm flooded my body, Cathy tensed up as she came and dad stiffened up as he came. It was a great session of sex and sweat which led to three intertwined bodies fast asleep. Tomorrow would be a new day filled with sex with my two lovers.