It might be obvious to some, I hope note, but this is my first story here. Writing something suitable to be published on LE has been a steep learning curve and I couldn't have done it without P_Anderer. As a volunteer editor he has been amazing in helping me on this and I don't think I would have got it published without him, so Thank You.
As this is my first story on here, I'd better introduce myself. I'm Nat. I'm a pretty typical, horny northern lass. If I do say so myself, I'm not bad looking. I've got long, brown hair which reaches halfway down my back; big brown eyes to match my hair, nice legs and a curvy big bum. But my best feature has to be my boobs... They are a 34F and caused a lot of jealousy when I was growing up. I do love to have my nipples sucked, and if a guy can be bothered to make the effort, can cum just through having them stimulated. I'm not a fan of 'bush', so keep my kitty clean-shaven, with just a little landing strip. In other words, I've got the kind of body that guys lust after.
I've always been into sex. I don't just mean enjoying having it, I mean talking about it, reading about it, researching it, experimenting with it. I suppose you could say I'm not your typical vanilla type girl.
This story started when I was about 23 years old...
James and I had been together for around 18 months at this point. We weren't officially living together but spent most nights together at either one of our places. We both considered it to be a serious relationship and it felt like moving in together was on the cards. James was a keen sportsman, playing football for a semi-professional team locally. His sporting background meant he was very fit. He stood about 6ft tall, had short ginger hair, piercing blue eyes and had a great body. His footballing kept him slim whilst his time in the gym kept him toned.
Now, anyone who's dated someone who plays a team sport like James, will know that they're not normally shy in divulging who in the team is blessed and not when it comes to the trouser department.
On a couple of occasions, James and the other guys had joked about the size of Craig's dick when in the company of me and the other girlfriends/partners, making it obvious he was big. It was common knowledge amongst us all.
At the end of the season James' team won promotion, and as a celebration they arranged a big party night out around our city. It was a 'dress to impress' occasion for all the players, their other halves and volunteers and friends of the club.
James had asked me to dress up, so I took my time getting ready. I grabbed a shower and took the opportunity to shave my legs and pussy, leaving my usual little landing strip but it all otherwise being smooth. Hair blow dried and a full face of make-up all applied, I moisturised my entire body and then picked out my LBD, under which I wore my bright red lace thong. The dress only had tiny straps, so I opted to go without a bra, which I don't normally do, being a 34F, and finished with my sparkling Jimmy Choos and matching clutch bag.
James commented on how good I looked and noticed there was no bra, which made me feel great - and he was looking fantastic too.
It was a great party but there was far, far too much alcohol. It was getting messy as these things do, and I was ready to head home but James didn't want to leave, so we carried on partying. Myself and all the other girls were on the dance floor and a few of the guys were at the bar chatting. I saw James and Craig talking a lot and they kept looking over, with them looking back over at me on the dance floor.
Craig was taller than James but not by much, perhaps 6ft 2 but was much stockier. He wasn't as quick or ran as much as James when they played football but he was in amazing shape. His shorts were always so tight to his legs because of his super thick thighs. He had a six pack, but I'd only seen it on holiday photos when he'd been away with James. He was dark haired and always had a short beard or stubble.
Eventually James came over and said he was ready to head back. Great. I grabbed my bag, and we headed off for a taxi. Just as we managed to get a taxi, Craig rang James - he was heading back in a similar direction and asked if we'd not left yet, could he jump in with us? A few minutes passed whilst we waited and then a fairly drunk Craig came piling into the back of the taxi.
On the way home, James was being very heavy with his hands and kept kissing my neck. James knew my body well enough to know that I find it hard to resist my neck being kissed and nibbled. I was desperate to fuck him but kept telling him to wait until we got home. My nipples were rock hard with how turned on I was, and James made sure Craig noticed that you could see them through my dress, to which Craig just smiled at me.
The taxi dropped Craig off first. But as he got out, he patted himself down and couldn't find his keys anywhere. We searched all over the taxi, but they were nowhere.
"Mate, don't worry about it now, come back and crash at ours tonight and we'll sort your keys out tomorrow," James offered Craig.
"Are you sure?" Craig replied.
"Yeah, it's fine, honest. Nat doesn't mind do you, babe?"
"No, but I'll need to make the spare bed up unless you're happy on the sofa," I confirmed.
So that was that.
We got back to ours, then James and Craig got a second wind for drinking and decided they were going to have another few.
They put on some music, we all got a drink and we were sat in the living room chatting. Craig excused himself and headed to the toilet, which James took as an opportunity to get heavy handed again and start kissing me.
At this point I'd had a good few drinks and had been wanting to get him home all night, so my resistance lessened and I reached down to feel his rock hard dick through his trousers. James took that as the ok and his hand slid up my dress and his fingers found their way inside my thong.
I heard Craig coming back downstairs, so moved away from James, but he came across and carried on.
Craig walked in and saw what was happening.
"Hey, don't let me stop you, you guys crack on," Craig joked.
The drink, how turned on I already was and James' fingers teasing me, meant I'd lost any ability to resist and with that, James picked up right where he'd left off and within seconds my hand was rubbing him on the outside of his trousers.
James stopped teasing my clit.
"Stand up babe and take off your dress."
"Babe, Craig's sat right there!" I protested.
"You know you want to Nat, stop playing hard to get!"
"But, seriously! James, lets go upstairs!"
James stood up with me and started kissing me; he slipped the straps over my shoulders and pulled my dress down over my boobs and then let it drop to the floor after he lowered it past my bum.
James spun me around fully so Craig could see all of me, with nothing on but my red thong. I was blushing, but in truth I was so turned on.
He sat back down, unbuttoning his trousers and zip as he did, then took out his rock hard dick.
Without any hesitation and with no thought at all of Craig sat across the room, I knelt in front of James, stroking him two or three times before taking him in my mouth.
I worked James' dick with my mouth for a little while; all while Craig was sat behind me, watching my head going up and down on James' dick. Knowing he was watching, I made sure I was bent right over, and my ass was in full view. I made sure my legs were parted as they would if I was being fucked from behind. There was no hiding how I wet I was, and I felt it soaking into my thong.
"Stop babe, come up here and ride me," James urged.
I took him out of my mouth, stood up and faced him, as I started to climb on to his lap he said,
"No Nat, face the other way..." I knew exactly what he was doing, but I'd lost all inhibition. I turned around so I was looking straight at Craig. I lowered my thong to the floor and then my ass onto James' lap. We were past the point of teasing and as I lowered down, parting my legs allowing Craig a clear view of my shaven pussy opening. James slid straight inside me.
It felt so good. It was deep and with me on top facing that way it was really on the spot. As I lifted myself up and down and ground my ass back to push it deeper, I started to feel myself cum. I let out a moan as I did. As I opened my eyes, I could see Craig was rubbing himself through his trousers.
James started to thrust in time with my own movements, making him go deeper and harder in me and my moans were getting deeper and longer. I looked over at Craig again...
"Ohhh fuck!" I shouted.
Sat a few feet away from me, Craig had now taken his dick out of his trousers and was stroking it slowly and hard, each time he stroked it down, the head got more prominent.
James and the others weren't making the comments without reason. It was BIG! Both in length and thickness...the type of dick you always see in porn, and I was looking straight at it, as James squeezed hard on my hips - his sign he was close - and then James let out a big sigh and I felt him explode inside me. I came again with him, moaning several times as I did.
I sat for a few seconds, before I felt James soften and then I slowly stood up off of him, his cum leaking out of me.
James sat for a few seconds and then composed himself.
"I'm off to clean up," James said
"I'll come up too," I murmured.
"But Craig could do with a hand, Nat. You can't just leave him like that!" James joked, or at least I thought it was a joke.
Shocked, I looked at James, not knowing how to respond. Was I being tested? Was he genuine? Or did he really want me to 'give Craig a hand' and help fix his not-so-little problem?
I made one last attempt to bale out, before things got weird. Behave James! I'm sure he'll be fine, let's grab a shower."
Craig stood up and took a couple of steps towards me. He put his hand on my bum cheek and his mighty dick was only inches from me now. Whilst squeezing the bottom of my arse cheek, he said, "Go on, just feel it if you want, we don't have to do anything."
And as he did, he took my hand in his and placed it on his dick.
I instinctively wrapped my hand around it. God, I remember thinking how different it felt, it seemed like my hand could hardly grip it and it seemed heavy.
Craig moved my hand over it, encouraging me to stroke it, and I hesitantly let his hand control my own.
Craig's hand left my mine to continue stroking, and found my right boob and nipple. He cupped it first, it more than filling his big hand, and then he played with my hard nipple.
I looked over to James, but he'd gone, leaving me alone with Craig and his monster penis.
Craig guided me over to the sofa and sat me down at the side of him. My hand barely let go of it!
With us both sat on the sofa, I slowly started to stroke it.
Craig wanted to continue to play with my boobs whilst I stroked him, but it was awkward, so I knelt up at the side of him; my right hand was now wrapped firmly on his shaft and he buried his mouth in my cleavage; as his tongue found my hard nipples, my hand got quicker. Seriously, I haven't found the words to describe how it felt in my hand.
His right hand was behind me, and he was really squeezing my arse and his fingers were getting closer and closer to my pussy, where I still had my own and James' cum everywhere. His fingers slipped inside, and I moaned again. As I moaned, I felt his body tense. Craig was getting close. His headed lifted from my boobs, his fingers pushed deeper in to me, and I moaned again...
"Nat, I'm cumming!"
I was still moaning from the feel of his fingers inside me.
"Cum for me!" I urged, and as I did, he shot a huge, thick load all over my stomach and boobs. My hand still gripped to it like it was glued, a second shot followed and covered me even more.
I gasped as I felt it squirt all over me. Slowly releasing his dick from my hand, I stood back up; we were just staring at each other.
"Now can I go get cleaned up?" I said, with a grin.
He smirked at me. "You've definitely earned it!"
I walked into our room just as James was walking out of the shower. He looked me up and down. My pussy still covered in his and my cum, tingling from feeling Craig's hand inside me, his friend's cum all over my stomach and boobs. He just smiled and said, "You look like you've had a great night! What did you do with him?"
"I gave him a hand, like you said," I replied.
James smiled and got in bed; I got cleaned up and crashed to sleep as soon as I hit the bed.
The Next Day
In the morning, I was the first to wake, so headed downstairs to make a drink.
As I walked back through the living room, I could smell the sex. I had so many flashbacks.
Craig was still fast asleep on the sofa, his back to the middle of the room showing a fairly delicious looking firm butt. His clothes were all over the living room and my dress and thong were still right where they'd been taken off.
I flicked the kettle on and as I stood against the kitchen side I noticed a pile of stuff on the sideboard. Craig must have put his phone on charge. Then I saw them. Right there, next to his phone and wallet, was a set of house keys...
Craig had turned over on the settee now, revealing his flaccid dick and balls, which was every bit as impressive soft as it was hard.
I marched upstairs to James.
"James, what the fuck is going on?" I demanded, standing in the bedroom doorway.
"What's the matter babe? I feel rough, don't start!" he replied.
"Craig's lost fucking keys! On our sideboard!"
James' face went red, and he look embarrassed.
"So he hadn't lost them, he could have gone home?! What the fuck was that, some ploy so he'd come back here and have me wank him off?"
"Babe calm down, it's not a big deal."
"Big deal is exactly what it is James, his big deal came all over me!"
"You enjoyed it didn't you?! I'm surprised you weren't tempted to let him fuck you!"
"Is that what you wanted, James?"
"I'm not saying that Nat, but I thought you'd want it and yeah if I'm honest seeing you with another guy would drive me wild. Especially if that other guy was hung like Craig!"
"So if last night let's say, you'd left me down there with him and that's what we'd done, you'd have enjoyed lying up here listening to me get fucked by your mate?"
"No," he said with a smirk, "If I'd heard that, I'd have come back down and watched."
I heard footsteps on the staircase and then Craig walked in, still completely naked.
"You two, chill, will you? I can hear you shouting. Nat, calm down, I'll explain."
"We were watching you dancing last night, and I'd said to James how amazing you looked and how I'd love to see you naked."
"Really Craig? You thought that?" I replied, sounding surprised.
"Of course, look at you!"
"Well, that's all good Craig, but it seems James had other ideas. He wants to watch you fuck me!"
James stepped in. "Hang on, I didn't say that, I just said if that's what you'd done, I'd have to come and watched."
"It's the same thing, James," I replied. "If we fucked right now, you'd want to watch!"
"Well yeah...I would."
"And you wouldn't feel bad? Watching me do that? You wouldn't be jealous?"
"I don't think so...I think I'd... like it," he muttered in an unsure manner. James was usually fairly confident in both life and the bedroom but it was as if that had left him. His entire demeanour had switched. He seemed shy, unsure and reserved. Was it suddenly dawning on him that this was real now, not just an idea in his head?
"Let's get this straight, James, 'cos there's no going back from here... you want to watch Craig shove that huge cock into my tight little pussy... watch him fuck me, yes? Because he won't make love to me like you do. He'll fuck me, hard. Harder than you do, with his cock that's much bigger than yours."
I untied my dressing gown, opening it and then let it fall to the floor. "Ok babe, it seems all three people here want the same thing then?"
I turned to face Craig. "Is that right Craig?"
"Definitely, but James...are you sure?" he questioned.
"Don't worry about him Craig, he's just said, if we fuck he'd want to watch."
I signalled Craig to come closer and has he did my right hand reached out to take his now semi-erect, thick big dick.
"Nat, you're twisting... what... I'm saying," James stuttered as Craig lifted me up off the floor. I wrapped my legs around his middle, and he carried me over to James' bed.
"Let's just take this slow, guys and see where it leads," James said as he moved over on the bed, making room for his naked friend to lower his naked girlfriend down. He looked on, unable to speak as Craig opened my legs at the side of the bed and dropped down to his knees on the floor.
"Slow, yeah guys," James repeated.
"Ok James, slow. Take all the time you need Craig," I replied smirking as I'd twisted what James had meant, to give Craig the green light to spend as long as he wanted pleasuring me.
"I'll be slow with her mate, don't worry," Craig added.
He kissed up the inside of my thigh and then I felt his mouth gently move towards my clit, his tongue glided over my smooth skin and then circled my clit. I moaned.
Craig started to really work my clit, circling it with his tongue and occasionally running it down my pussy and circling my anus. Each time he did that my moans deepened. I'd had my ass played with before and always enjoyed it a lot.
I looked over at James, who seemed to be enjoying the view. His hand was on his lap and he'd started to stroke the outline of his dick through his shorts.
A minute or so more of feeling Craig's tongue teasing my clit, pussy and ass, with his stubble adding to the feeling, I tensed up. He felt it and I started to shudder. Craig buried his face deep in my pussy and I reached my hand over to James, grabbing his leg as I came hard, letting out a high-pitched moan as I did.
"You didn't say she likes her asshole teased, James," Craig said.
"I didn't....know....she did, not like that anyway," James replied, embarrassed.
"I do when it's done like that, Craig. I hope you're every bit as good at fucking as you are at going down," I replied.
Craig stood up from the floor and sat beside me on the bed. He leaned back on his elbows proudly showing off his beefy dick, which stood pointed to the ceiling, his stunning footballer's body behind it.
I knew from how he sat it was an invitation, fuck, an instruction almost, to get on my knees in front of him and take it in my mouth. No second invitation was needed.
I dropped to my knees, smiling, wide-eyed at the sheer size of it. Secretly I was worried I'd have jaw ache within seconds, having to work such a thick long shaft with my mouth.
His dick head was fully exposed and covered in pre-cum.
"This is what you wanted James, isn't it..."
James' expression was different and his hand had stopped stroking the outline of his dick. Instead his hands were clasped together and he was moving them together nervously.
I was expecting him to say something. For him to tell me to stop, or wait but it was as if he couldn't speak.
His mate had just brought his girlfriend to orgasm with his tongue and now she was about to suck his dick.
Had he realised this was a mistake? Was he realising that some fantasies are best left exactly as that? Fantasising about his girlfriend taking his mate's huge dick was one thing, but watching it happen?
Whilst he'd not said he wanted us to stop, his entire demeanour screamed it. In my mind, it was too late. James had two choices: continue watching or leave the room and wait for us to finish. I was past the point of no return and there was no way I was going to quit now.
I focussed on my own thoughts until they were interrupted by Craig. "Come on then Nat, let's see if you can handle it in your mouth!"
I confidently smiled back. I knew I could handle it; I knew I was going to seriously enjoy it too.
I kissed the base of his shaft, before licking the entire length and as my tongue reached his head I took the entire thing in my mouth, licking away his precum as I did.
My right hand took the base of it, leaving several inches still and I slowly moved my open mouth down it to see how far I could get. I was close to reaching my hand and then gagged as it hit the back of my throat.
As I slid it back out I made sure all the saliva from my mouth and gag transferred on to him. I stroked it several times, looking over at James as I did. He seemed shocked now. I don't think it was as much what Craig and I were doing, more that I was clearly enjoying it and putting in the effort I was. Which in all honesty, was more effort than I'd probably put into sex with James for a few months.
My head went back down, I slid my mouth up and down the shaft slowly for the first five or six times before feeling Craig's hand on my head. He didn't force it, he just placed it on top of my head as if to tell me to carry on.
I did. Obviously.
But my pace quickened and I was getting faster. My head was literally bouncing up and down now and as my mouth watered it got wetter and I began to slurp on the liquid in my mouth. After numerous very quick blows, I had to come back up for air!
His dick was now covered in my saliva and more pre cum and I continued to stroke it with my right hand, whilst wiping my mouth with my left. I looked over to James. He wasn't watching. He was lying on the bed, facing away.
Is he ok, I thought? Arousal levels aside, I cared for him. I loved him. I didn't want to hurt him.
"Come and get on your knees on the bed Nat, it's ready for some of that sweet wet pussy."
I hesitated, waiting for a response from James, but nothing.
Craig lifted me off my knees and stood up, walking behind me as he did.
He pressed up against my back. I felt his dick rub between my bum and legs and then his arms wrapped around my front, and he cupped my boobs.
"I'm going to make these tits bounce all over," he announced, shaking them in his hands.
With his hips he pushed me towards the bed, still cupping my boobs, still pressing his dick against me, which had now slipped further between my legs as I'd taken the slight step forward.
Still waiting for James to respond, I knelt on the edge of the bed.
Craig's hands were now firmly holding my hips and he was lifting my arse slightly to give himself the perfect angle to enter me.
It was silent in the room until I moaned deeply, as I felt the first inch of Craig's dick part my lips and slide into me. Craig let out a similar moan as he pushed it, slowly, making sure I felt every bit of its length.
"Ahhh that's all of it, Nat," Craig boasted as he went still and gave me a few seconds to just enjoy the feel of it.
My pussy had never felt like this before. It was full and I could feel it stretching me.
"Well, there's no turning back now," I uttered, after composing myself enough to actually speak.
"But be gentle, please," I added.
"Don't worry Nat, I'll break you in gently," he replied and then slowly started to slide it out to the point where just the tip stayed in, before sliding it all straight back in.
He continued to fuck me gently for maybe four or five strokes, my moaning returning for the last couple as I came all over him.
He slid it out completely, I think admiring the amount it had made me cum with seemingly little effort.
"Don't stop, put it back in," I begged.
"You can go harder now, please Craig, fuck me properly now!"
My pleading was too much for James; he quickly escaped the edge of the bed and walked out of the room.
I'd meant what I'd said, there was no turning back now.
"Fuck me already!" I instructed Craig.
And with that his left hand gripped my hip whilst his right directed his soaked dick back inside me.
"Yes that it's, right there! Fuck me right there!"
His entire dick buried inside my pussy again, he put his right hand on my other hip.
"You're bad, you are Nat! Bad, bad girl!"
Craig's motions were now far from gentle. It was hard. Hard and it was getting faster. It felt so tense. I felt my entire body shake and all parts of me rippled each time he pounded it to the back of me.
I could feel my bum cheeks shaking. My big boobs were clapping together in time with the sound of his balls and thighs smashing against my arse.
He literally was 'making my tits bounce all over' as he'd promised.
I was in a state of sheer ecstasy. I couldn't have hidden the pleasure I was getting, even if I'd wanted to. My eyes were almost rolling back in my head; my mouth was gaping as I felt this huge dick fuck me again and again.
My moans had turned into a soft scream. I'd not made this noise before. I'm a moaner, not a screamer! But each time the head of his dick crashed into the back of my pussy, my moans switched to a high pitched, short scream.
James must still be able to hear this.
The slapping of our bodies together, as his mate fucked me into another universe; my screams, which he'd never heard me make before and now Craig was getting vocal too.
His occasional groan had become more frequent and louder.
"You fucking love it, don't you know, you fucking love my big dick! Say it!"
"I fucking love it, I fucking love it, I fuckkkkkkk!" I screamed loudly as I came again but this time all strength left my body and my arms gave, my head and chest dropped to the bed, lifting my arse and pussy higher.
Craig pounded me one more time before quickly pulling his dick out of me. As he did, I felt his hands grip my arse cheeks slightly, parting them. As he did that, I felt him shoot his load. He shot three big loads, the first all over my left ass cheek, before he took hold of himself and aimed the rest right in the middle of my bum cheeks.
It was warm and I could feel it was every bit as thick as the load he'd shot all over my upper body the night before.
As Craig's hand lifted from my ass my body dropped to the bed, where I lay for probably two or three minutes, taking in what had just happened to me.
It was only towards the end of that time that I thought of James.
Craig headed for the bathroom.
Alone on the bed, I reached down between my legs. Still wet with my cum, everything felt swollen. I slipped my index and middle finger inside myself. Everything felt different, my clitoris was swollen, and my fingers slid in with ease.
I reached further beneath myself and felt the huge sticky load of cum all around my arse, some of it now running down me.
I needed a shower. My body just oozed sex. I could feel it on me, I could smell it on me. I don't just mean cum. But that feeling you get all around your body after you've fucked.
After my shower I got my dressing gown back on and headed downstairs.
James was in the front room, visibly upset and angry.
"Are you ready to talk James?"
"There's nothing to say, Nat."
"Babe, if you think I'm apologising for what's just happened, forget it, you started this. You encouraged it last night and again this morning."
"I hardly encouraged it, Nat!" he exclaimed.
"I asked you and me go upstairs and fuck in private last night! You insisted we fuck in front of Craig, you insisted I took off my dress, you made me face Craig whilst fucking you and you told me to wank him off!" I was ranting now.
"If you were testing me, I've failed James. Evidently. But maybe you've failed your own test. Test to see if you could handle living out your fantasies.
"Your fantasy to watch your girlfriend with another man, not just any man, your mate."
James butted in, "But you didn't have to make that much effort, Nat! I could see how much you were enjoying it! And those noises, what the fuck was that?"
"Did you see what he was doing to me! Did you expect me to suppress my orgasm? I was all on not just collapsing in a pile!"
"But how do you think I feel, seeing and hearing that, knowing I've not done that to you?" he asked.
"I don't know! But it was always a risk! Based on what you knew of Craig's dick James, you should have known the risk! Maybe next time set me up with someone smaller than you!"
"Fucking next time! What do you think this is, you slut!"
"Ah here we go! I'm the slut now. You know what James, go fuck yourself! And when you do, do it properly like Craig instead of your pathetic efforts, otherwise you'll disappoint yourself too!"
James stood up and stormed off.
I think we were finished. In every sense.
I hope you enjoyed my first story! If you did, please vote and leave a nice comment. It turned me on to write it. I hope it had the same effect on you!
...
Thanks for reading x