Paul's early morning exposure
I opened my eyes slowly, allowing them to adjust to the faint, early morning light. It took a few seconds to get my bearings, then I remembered. I'd arrived late last night, after my flight to London had been cancelled. I was on my way back to London from Dubai. I'd decided to stop off in Rome for a few days to visit my old friend, Peter. We'd worked together for many years in the oil business and he'd recently retired with his beautiful Italian wife, Sophia. He lived on the outskirts of the city in a quaint rural setting and I'd not seen him for a couple of years and this was the first-time meeting Sophia. Peter was around sixty years old and Sophia must have been no more than thirty-five.
I have to admit, I was pretty jealous when I met her. She had dark shoulder-length hair and deep brown eyes which sparkled when she smiled. She smiled warmly when Peter introduced her to me. Her figure-hugging dress accentuated the curve of her breasts, which were fulsome and her hips which were equally so. I spent a very happy couple of days relaxing and enjoying their company and the warm spring weather. An added pleasure was that, it was also my birthday. Forty-five years old and still looking for the right girl. I needed to slow down and spend more time relaxing. Peter entertained me very well and we had a great meal to celebrate my birthday. Peter talked to me straight.
'Come on Paul. You're forty-five and still no wife or long-term partner. You need to take a break from work and find a nice girl! There is still time.'
I must admit, I needed a break. I'd been working constantly for two years solid, flying around the world on business and never taking holidays. I know, I must be rich and it must be a great lifestyle and it is, but sometimes you miss the company of people outside of work and the chance to relax. I also missed the company of a woman since my relationship with Jo ended nearly three years ago. I'd almost forgotten what it was like to be in the company of women, as the oil industry is still dominated by men, particularly on the production side.
So here I was, alone in a small hotel room near the airport, on the fifth floor. I'll be flying out tonight, so I have a leisurely day ahead.
I'd opened up the shutters at the windows when I arrived last night, as it was hot and I wanted fresh air, not aircon. The room was decorated in the baroque style, slightly shabby but typically Italian with big gold chairs, a table, wardrobe and by the window, one of those full-length free-standing tilting mirrors.
Now, here I was, in the early morning, a gentle breeze blowing in across the bed and I lay there, naked on top of just a sheet. The breeze felt good on my body. As is usual for this time of the morning, my penis was pretty solid and as I'd thought about Sophia, my hand had slipped down to my groin and I'd just brushed the tip, to get that nice tingly feeling I liked first thing. I had a feel of my balls, as part of my routine, and made sure to check for any anomalies as we men are supposed to.
I just turned my head to the right, when a movement by the window caught my eye. I looked again but couldn't see anything. I swiftly forgot about it and lay there, still thinking about Sophia, but still lazily and gently stroking the tip of my cock. You know, that bit where it's most sensitive. I could tease myself for a while before breakfast.
As I was doing this, I glanced in the mirror, I again saw a movement, and the dark hair of a woman appeared. She was looking out across the city at the sunrise. I just lay there, looking at her dark shoulder length hair, as that was all I could make out. Suddenly, she turned and it looked like she was looking at me for just a fraction before she looked away quickly, thinking I had seen her. I stopped playing with myself and lay there in shock. I tried to work out where she would be, and realised that the mirror had been placed at such an angle, that it reflected the image of the balcony of the adjoining room. I was in a flood of confusion and a little embarrassment.
Had she seen me naked? More than that, had she seen me playing with my cock? I worked out that if I could see her reflection in the mirror, then she could see mine. Well, if she had, I surmised, she'd quickly left her balcony all embarrassed. I'd say compared to me she was younger, probably mid-thirties. Her face was flawless.
I smiled to myself. I wonder if she was impressed? I like to think I have a good eight inches when it's hard and I don't remember any of my former girlfriends being disappointed. My mind wandered. Eventually I realised I'd hope that she did see me, because it turned me on. My hand went back to my cock. I was in no hurry, but I was going to pleasure myself.
I began again, fixing my eyes on the mirror, hoping for her return. I didn't have to wait long. She re-appeared and was again looking out across the city. I watched her as the breeze gently blew her hair as the early morning traffic sounds drifted up from the street below. Although I could only see her from the waist up, it looked as though she was wearing a black silk kimono.
I continued to play with myself, hoping she would turn around. I think I knew she would and a moment later she did. Quickly at first, she held her eyes in my direction. I looked away, pretending I'd not seen her. If she believed I hadn't seen her, she might be more likely to watch me.
When I looked back, she was looking at the city again. Then she turned back to me again, I looked away and began my exhibition. The bed was on the short side for my six foot frame, but I lay slightly on one side so she could hopefully get a good view. I'd never really exposed myself to a woman before in this way and it really turned me on, to think she would want to watch me playing with my hard cock.
I shot a quick glance at her and I'm sure she had one hand inside her kimono. I imagined she was playing with her breasts, fondling her hard nipples, maybe giving them a squeeze.
Then I imagined she was slipping her other hand down between her legs. Of course, she'd be naked underneath that soft silk. She would find the slit of her shaved pussy. Sliding a finger down over her clit, she'd find her damp entrance. Breathing slightly heavier, she'd slide a finger inside her wet, throbbing pussy and work her fingers in and out and over her swollen clit.
It felt wonderfully sexy to lay with one hand gently rubbing the tip of my cock while my other hand massaged my balls. I could do this for a while longer before I exploded. I'd had no sex for some time, and even my masturbation regime had been neglected in recent weeks. I tried to remember the last time I'd done this to its natural conclusion. Usually I'd do it alone in my bed or maybe in the shower or bath. Today I'd be doing it with an audience and my level of arousal was massive.
Now and then I'd sneak a glance at the mirror to check she was still there. I was sure she was pleasuring herself because of me.
I went back to my work. It felt great, my cock was as hard as I'd ever known it. Its velvety hardness felt good in my hand. I wish it was her hand though I thought to myself, I was so close to coming.
My hand started to speed up as I approached my climax. Within a minute, I was ready. Lifting my hips off the bed, I exploded with a gasp and shot a large stream of semen into the air, landing at the top of my chest. I continued to pump and watched as several shots of my hot white sticky liquid flew across my chest and stomach. It was an intense orgasm, with more semen than I'd ever produced and the most intense experience I'd had from masturbating since I first did it as a teenager, breathing noisily with each spasm.
As I came down from my high and breathing returned to normal, I shot a glance in the mirror. I was certain by the way she was moving that she was masturbating too. As I stopped and just lay there, I watched her rapid movements of her arm, indicating that she had her hand inside her kimono. She must have climaxed seeing my cock shoot out my juices.
I looked at her as she slowed her hand movements. We held each other's gaze for a minute before she quickly disappeared. I lay there motionless for many minutes, thinking about what had just passed between us. It was the most pleasurable thing I'd ever done on my own. I wasn't at all embarrassed as I hoped she wasn't.
After a good rest, I ran a shower and hung about the hotel room for a while. I wandered on to the balcony once or twice in my most cool outfit, hoping she might still be in her room. I knew nothing about her of course. She may be on her own. She may be with her husband or boyfriend. It didn't matter that I didn't see her, as the memory will live long in my mind. I didn't see any sign of movement from her room, so began to think about the journey home.
My taxi was going to pick me up at 2pm so I just had time for a bite to eat first. I wandered into the restaurant and found a table. The lunch was a buffet affair, with salads, meats and pudding stations dotted around the room. I felt in the mood for a chicken salad, so strolled across to the large display and began helping myself to lettuce, tomatoes and cucumber etc. Opposite me, on the other side of the salad bar, I caught a glimpse of movement. Black silk. I looked up, into the eyes of my voyeur. She was also helping herself to salad. Our eyes met. The black silk kimono was opened far enough for me to catch a glimpse of a black bikini top, containing two mounds of beautiful white skin. I smiled at her.
She suddenly picked up a dressing bottle, and squeezed a large spurt of creamy white mayonnaise onto the side of her plate. She looked back to me and raised one conspiratorial eyebrow. Then a sweet smile played across her lips and she turned away. I watched in awe as she made her way back to her table. It was hard not to burst out laughing as the whole episode now seemed so funny.
On my flight back to London, I replayed the events of the morning, trying to control my erection from becoming visible to the stewardess. Maybe that's another story!