Sonya sat frozen in her chair looking straight ahead. On her screen, a woman was masturbating furiously in her car as people walked by in the background. You would hear the woman moan through the computer speakers. Marietta took in this sight. She had left her friend sobbing on the floor to come back seeing her butt naked in her living room openly watching porn. She could see Sonya's butt in the chair. She wanted to see her from the front.
Thinking quickly, she chose to totally ignore the situation and say "Well, I'm glad to see you got off the floor. Are you feeling better?" To further put her friend at ease, she casually walked to the bathroom putting up their hair removal supplies she had purchased. "When you are done, we can get to shaving your pussy," Marietta said trailing off with a singing tone. Taking this opportunity, she decided to strip out of her clothes folding them neatly in a pile near her purse in the bedroom.
Sonya still sat at her chair frozen. Audio still blaring. Eyes still glued to the screen. She knew Marietta saw what she was doing. Expecting judgment and criticism, her best friend just said hello like it was nothing. Little did she know that Marietta was trying her best to hold in her sexual excitement. She instantly got turned on seeing Sonya naked masturbating at the computer. What was more curious though was why was she looking at a woman masturbating in public?
Marietta secretly does watch porn, but her preferences are vanilla man/woman scenes. She never got into anything kinky. For Sonya to be finding this knowing this was probably her first time watching porn was intriguing. "I know she needs to get help, but what she's doing is turning me on so much!" Marietta thought to herself in horny bliss. She decided to let her pussy do the talking moving forward. Enabling Sonya to go further and further down this path was too irresistible to stop.
This was a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Now fully nude, Marietta walked back into the living room. Sonya had since closed her browser and turned off her PC speakers idly pulling up another website. Out of total embarrassment, Sonya had not said a word to her friend or moved from the computer.
Marietta walked behind her and embraced Sonya. Her tits gently brushing against Sonya's natural hair. "You have nothing to be ashamed of Sonya. What I saw you doing is totally ok with me. This is your home and you deserve to live as openly as you would like. You have the complete 100% total freedom to express yourself. So what if you want to masturbate and look at porn?"
She hesitated at her next thought, throwing caution to the wind she said, "So what if you want to be naked all the time?" Sonya slowly turned around looking at her friend in the eye. Even though she was casually browsing the internet, Sonya's hand was still playing her pussy. Marietta failed to notice until right at this moment. The woman looking back and Marietta was not the Sonya she knew. This new woman began to speak.
"Marie, did you mean all those things you said to me?" Sonya was still slowly rubbing her pussy, clit clearly visible through her bush. "I'm asking because, I tried to remove my hand from my pussy since you got here. For some reason, I don't want to. I don't want to stop. I found public nudity porn on accident. It's not how it started.
I thought something was wrong with me so I tried to find answers. Instead I wound up playing with myself. I don't believe that anymore. I've watched at least 50 videos since you left the house and so many people get off exposing themselves. It's a shame they have to wear clothes or get dressed when they finish. I was expecting you to yell at me while I was playing in front of the computer. Instead you just took it in stride and went about your business. That was incredible! I don't feel scared anymore. I want to embrace this new side of me."
Sonya's hips started bucking as she played in her pussy. "Marie, form this moment forward, I do not want to wear clothes anymore! If these women can get away with masturbating in public in the day time, sure I can get away with going out...under the cover...of darkness." Sonya started jacking her clit furiously. Her last sentence was labored under her arousal.
Marietta was amazed at what she heard. She was wet and horny. Her pussy was still doing the thinking "I think you should go outside on your patio and cum where someone can see you." Obediently, horny naked Sonya stood up and said "Yes, I should". She never stopped masturbating.
Sonya looked like she was in a daze. The sweet smell of Sonya's arousal filled the apartment. Marietta could smell Sonya's sweet scent walking by. "She really does smell like a flower," Marietta thought to herself. Sonya walked across the apartment naked and opened the patio doors wide. She didn't even look to see if anyone was around. Too far gone in her lust and arousal, Sonya jacked off her clit furiously. Her hand was a blur. She moaned loudly. While Marietta was too nervous to go outside with her, she stood near the doorway to watch this naked goddess cum in the sunshine.
"Marie, I feel...so...alive...right...now." Sonya could barely say a word while she moaned. A small puddle of womanly goodness had formed on the wooden planks beneath her. Seeing Sonya with a wet dripping crotch might be her new normal. Marietta took note to make sure Sonya drinks plenty of water.
Sonya's apartment was on the 4th floor. There were small wooden balconies for every apartment. Hardly anyone was outside because there was not much space. Just enough room for a couple of chairs and a table. However, the construction was very safe and sturdy. The sun faces Sonya's patio for most of the day. Anyone that would look up could easily see her has her naked body was exposed for all to see.
With one hand jacking her clit and her other hand outstretched, for the first time in her life, Sonya felt free. She stood with her bare feet apart and more of her arousal dripped out of her pussy and onto the patio. Some of her fluids may even have started dripping on the patio furniture on the 3rd level. A small puddle was forming. Marietta stood there playing with her pussy and one hand on her tit watching Sonya openly masturbate. Randomly, Marietta's phone buzzed because she got an app notification. She got an idea.
Wiping her hands free of her juices, Marietta decided she needed more pictures of this naked goddess on her patio jacking her clit for all to see. Sonya was getting close to cumming. Without checking, her phone made that all too familiar camera shutter noise. Naked Sonya stopped masturbating. Without turning to look at her friend she asked. "Marie, are you taking pictures of my naked body?"
Sonya's tone sounded likes she was offended. Marietta had taken the most perfect pic of her ass in the sun and now she regretted her actions. "Ye..yes," Marietta said. "Well," Sonya turned with a big smile on her face. "What are you going to do with my naked picture?"
Even though Sonya was smiling, something was not right with her. The look on her eye had gone from lustful to almost feral. As if someone else was in full control of Sonya's body. Stammering, Marietta said "I was...going to play in my pussy looking at your body later...you are so hot!"
"After looking at all those naked bodies online, I believe you now," said Sonya. "I have seen women of all kinds get naked in public online. Some who are overweight too. They sill got good comments though. I didn't know that commenting and feedback on porn was a thing. All the videos were so sexy! I couldn't stop looking!" She had this big smile on her face that Marietta had not seen for years. "I want you to keep taking pictures of me!"
She started to jack her clit again, this time facing her friend thrusting her hips forward as she pleasured herself. Without hesitation, Marietta snapped away as Sonya posed butt naked on the patio masturbating. "I'm switching to video mode now," Marietta said. "You are dripping so much cum it's unbelievable!" Marietta was sure it was cum and not pee. Often women who squirt like a fountain in rhythm to their orgasm are just putting on a show. Sonya was visibly dripping wet from her womanly thick wetness alone.
Sonya turned sideways so she could look over the patio out to the courtyard. A woman was walking her dog in the distance making Sonya wetter. Looking around, no one else was outside at the time. Sonya was almost disappointed. An loud moan escaped her lips. The woman's head swiveled but she was too far away to know where the sound was coming from.
The woman's reaction to her voice was enough to get Sonya to cum. "Yes!" she said softly as her hips bucked. Her tits bounced uncontrollably. She lowered herself slowly onto the deck as her pussy pulsated. More thick sweet wetness oozed out of her pussy. She was her own air freshener and it was honey scented. She sighed and leaned back with her legs spread letting the sun heat her pussy and letting her sweet juices flow. Now satisfied, she licked her fingers tasting her pussy. Like fingers coated in honey, she sat there licking in bliss.
To get a better angle, Marietta had bravely stepped out onto the patio naked to capture this public spectacle of shameless exhibitionism. Sonya looked back at Marietta. Her wild eyes had returned to normal. "Hi! Glad to see you came to join me," said Sonya. I'm so glad you came outside naked to film me. From now on, feel free to take pictures and videos of me. I want to see myself from all angles. With you by my side, you never know what I'll do."
Marietta was still clutching her phone and it was still recording. Sonya reached out and pulled the phone down. She brought Marietta closer to her body and kissed her deeply on the lips. Marietta and Sonya embraced each other fully naked in the sun on the patio. Best friends who are now lovers were sharing their first embrace out in the open for all to see.
Marietta had created a monster. Sonya no longer wanted to be in control.