Jeanne's pussy was stretched to maximum. She had three billiards inside her pussy. She totally loved it!!! She wanted even more balls inside of her moving her to a most excellent orgasm.
"I want more balls inside of me," she was screaming in delight.
"That's a good little whore," Francisco said as he smiled.
Brian was pinching and squeezing Jeanne's right nipple. Jeanne was gyrating her hips trying to move the balls even higher inside of her. Brian reached inside of Jeanne's cunt and removed all three balls.
"She is sopping wet," he remarked to Francisco.
"Well, let's take her outside just like that with her legs wide open like that, shall we?"
Francisco turned to his employees.
"Sure. It's your birthday Mr. Sandoval, what ever you want," an employee replied.
Brian went to pick up Jeanne but Mr. Sandoval stopped him.
"No. We should all give our whore a hand," Francisco said.
Brian put his hands together to clap when Mr. Sandoval stopped him once again.
"Brian, you didn't hear me. I said LET's ALL GIVE OUR WHORE A H-A-N-D!" Francisco exclaimed with a wicked glint in his eye.
"Oh. Got you there, again buddy," Brian knew just what to do. Brian shoved his right hand then his left hand into Jeanne's cunt.
Jeanne moaned loudly "Uhmmmmmmm."
Next all of Mr. Sandoval's employees followed suit relishing in Jeanne's warm, moist folds within her cunt. Jeanne was in heaven totally enjoying this public display of extreme hardcore sex. Jeanne thought to herself I will do only private dances for Mr. Sandoval from now on. Jeanne was carried outside into the back alley and placed on her back. Her legs were held wide open by a some of Mr. Sandoval's employees while Brian finished a bottle of beer.
Brian had been instructed to shove the beer bottle, fatter end in first into Jeanne's already willing and over stretched cunt. Jeanne was so delighted. She was thinking of asking Brian out on a date since she really liked his type of sex. Shoot, just yesterday she had been inserting giant-sized cucumbers and a whole celery stalk into her cunt. The beer bottle was new to her though.
"UMMM. YES, YES, YESSSS!," Jeanne screamed her monstrous orgasm flooding the alley street below her with her pussy juices an coating the back of her legs as she lay, a tawdry mess, naked in the back alley.
'A TOTAL WHORE DISPLAY' was painted on a huge sign indicating anyone and everyone to come and see this new display by controversial up and coming artist Francisco Sandoval who was acclaimed for his protrayal of raw human sexuality. Mr. Sandoval ran a small but highly-public art studio with only 30 employees. He practiced his art form and lived it HARDCORE!!
When the crowd had dispersed Mr. Sandoval unzipped his fly took out his cock and shoved it deep into Jeanne's used cunt. Then he released a stream of sticky cum into her uterus. As his cock was still hard he shoved it a couple more times into Jeanne's pussy. Then he came one more time, got up, zipped his fly and walked home.
Jeanne slowly got up and walked down the alley until she came to the nearest street. She didn't mind being totally naked. She ventured out onto the nearest street and stuck her left thumb up, hoping to catch a ride back to her place. But since she had no money on her, she would have to pay the driver with her already too used pussy.
A moving van was just coming down the street and the driver screeched on his brakes when he saw the naked Jeanne.
"Girly, are you looking for trouble with no clothes on out here?" the driver asked her as he already pushed the passenger side open for her.
"Yes I am, handsome." Jeanne answered as she asked the driver to take her to her place.
"Well, I was about to go hang out with a few buddies of mine and party. If you want why don't you join us we like trouble too." he invited her.
"Yeah, o.k. Where are your friends at?" Jeanne asked him.
"Oh just a few miles from here," the driver said as he grabbed an extra flannel shirt he had from draped over his driver's seat.
Jeanne put his flannel shirt on and felt her pussy start to juice all over the passenger seat.
"So, how much you charge for the night?" the driver of the van asked her.
"I'm not a call girl." Jeanne informed him, but she was not even offended at his question.
"So you mean my buddies and I can fuck the living daylights out of you ALL NIGHT for free?" he asked her, incredulously.
"Sure can. Just as long as someone takes me back home afterwards." Jeanne reiterated.
The driver was just pulling into a motel where about 100 men were streaming out of it.
"Where are your friends?" Jeanne asked as the driver of the van started to exit the van.
"All of these guys. This is a moving company convention and I was designated to get the entertainment for the night. You are it. Come on get out of the van," the driver informed Jeanne.
Jeanne got out of the van and walked straight into the crowd of men who were already groping at her and she allowed herself to be steered into one of the rooms. She was hastily pushed onto the springy bed and three men jumped on the bed afer her. She felt her legs being pried open as a couple of fingers were shoved inside of her well-worn cunt.
Next a few more guys came into the room and the three guys that were on the bed said promised to come back and fuck her good.
The long night consisted of a bunch of overly horny men stiking their fingers and cocks inside of her pussy as well as pushing the t.v. remote that they found into her pussy as well.
And Jeanne, being Jeanne enjoyed every minute of it.
-THE END