Chapter 1: Aftermath
Britney sat down on the sofa and continued talking about the intense orgasms she had with Todd. She motioned for Katie to sit down next to her on the sofa.
"I shouldn't right now, I'm still dripping."
"Damn! Derek really filled you up huh?"
"He sure did! I've never had this much cum inside of me before!"
Britney looked over at Katie's pussy. She watched a thick drop of semen dangle precariously from the edge of her labia. "Um, Katie, you know, I could clean that up for you..."
"Are you suggesting what I think you're suggesting?"
"I sure am!"
Katie grabbed Britney's hand and they went upstairs to Britney's room. Britney laid down on her bed and had Katie straddle her face! Britney started by licking up the cum that had dripped out of Katie's pussy then moved in deeper. The moment she inserted her tongue between her labia, a large volume of cum came gushing out! There was so much that it nearly filled her mouth! Britney eagerly swallowed it down! She enjoyed swallowing cum, but this time was a little different. This time she felt like she hungered for it, that she needed it! She continued to lick and suck Katie's pussy until all of Derek's cum was gone. The stimulation had given Katie an orgasm, and she needed to rest.
"OK, I'm done." She started to lift herself off of Britney's face.
Britney growled, "No! I want more!" and grabbed Katie by the hips, pulling her back down onto her face!
"Britney, stop! I said I was done!" Britney didn't respond and continued sucking on Katie's twat! Katie reached down and twisted one of Britney's nipples!
Britney immediately let go and yelped in pain, "Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!"
"What the fuck's wrong with you?"
Britney appeared disoriented, "What?"
"You were acting pretty weird there for a moment!"
"Oh, sorry. I guess I just got carried away."
"Yah, you think?"
"Well, whatever I did, I didn't mean it. I don't know what came over me?"
Katie smiled and giggled, "I did, you silly!"
Britney thought for a moment and then laughed when she caught on to the joke, "Oh yah, that's right!"
"Thanks for the orgasm by the way! That's two you've given me today. I think it's time I returned the favor!"
The two friends were often intimate, so they knew how to please each other. Katie positioned herself between Britney's legs and started licking her pussy! After a few minutes, she noticed that Britney wasn't responding like she normally would. "Hey girlfriend! What's wrong?"
"I don't know. I'm just not feeling it."
"I'm doing that thing to your clit that usually drives you wild!"
"I'm sure it's not you. I'm probably still recovering from those orgasms I had earlier. How about we go get something to eat instead?"
"What? You're giving up sex for food? You must really be hungry!"
"I don't know why, but I'm starving!"
The girls got dressed and headed out to get a bite to eat at their favorite hamburger joint. They ordered the typical cheeseburger, fries, and drink. Britney couldn't wait to start eating. "Oh man! I am famished!" She took a few bites of her burger and immediately spit them out. "Eeew! This tastes awful!"
"Really? My burger tastes just fine."
Britney tried taking a few more bites. Again she spit it out. "Here you try it. Tell me what you think."
Katie took a bite of Britney's burger. "There's nothing wrong with it!"
"Seriously? It tastes like cardboard!" Britney tried some of her fries. She spit them out. "What the fuck? These taste like cardboard too!"
"Are you OK? Maybe you're sick and it's affecting your sense of taste?"
"Other than being really hungry, I feel fine."
"Well, that's strange. You want to get something else?"
Britney sat quietly as she thought about what she hungered for. When she realized what it was that she wanted, she was suddenly very alarmed, "Katie, I think there really is something wrong with me!"
"What? Do you fill sick? Are you going to throw up?"
"No, nothing like that."
"Then what is it?"
"I don't know why, but I'm really hungry for cum!"
"Well, aren't you a horny little bitch!"
"It's not like that Katie. I don't feel sexually aroused right now. But I have a strong craving for it! I think that's why I ate you out earlier. I saw Derek's cum dripping from your pussy, and I just had to have it! What the fuck's wrong with me?" Britney grabbed a menu from the table and started fanning herself. "And why is it so fucking hot in here?!"
"I didn't want to say anything earlier, but when I went down on you, I noticed something different."
"What was different?"
"Well, your pussy. It was..." Katie hesitated.
"Go on, it was what?"
"It was huge inside! Normally my tongue is a tight fit, but this time it slid right in and I could flick it around and not touching anything!"
"What? My pussy isn't a giant gaping hole!"
"I wouldn't lie about something like that."
Britney brought her hands under the table and discreetly touched her pussy. Her labia and clit felt normal. "There's no gaping hole!"
"Stick in your finger!"
She slowly inserted a finger. At first everything felt normal, but then all of a sudden her pussy opened up like an ocean anemone and a fleshy hole appeared between her legs! When she removed her finger, the hole closed up and her pussy returned to its normal appearance! "Oh my God Katie! What the fuck!"
"Todd probably just stretched you out. It should tighten back up on its own."
"No Katie! That not what I just felt! My pussy opened up like a mouth!"
"Huh? A mouth? What are you talking about?"
Britney reached under the table and touched herself. Again her pussy opened and closed on its own. Britney became hysterical, "This can't be happening! This must be some kind of nightmare!" She started slapping her face. "Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!"
Katie reached across the table and grabbed her by the wrist. "Britney stop!" Her skin was cold and clammy. "OK, there's definitely something wrong with you!"
"Yah! I have a mouth between my legs!"
"Britney, that's impossible! You must be delirious!"
"I'm not making it up Katie! Ever since Todd and Derek left, I've felt different inside!"
"Different? How?"
"I can't explain it, but I think Todd did something to me!"
"I think you're right! He and Derek started acting really weird after his cum disappeared inside your pussy. And he said that he was sorry for what had happened to you. He definitely knows something! We need to find him and get some answers!"
"OK, but we don't know where he is."
"I suspect that they hang out at the arcade a lot. Let's start there!"
"I don't know if I can move. I feel dizzy!"
Katie helped Britney to her feet and walked her out to her car. It didn't take long to reach the mall, but by the time they got there, Britney was feverish and shaking!
"Hold on just a little longer. I'm sure Todd will know what to do!"
They hurried to the arcade to look for Todd. As Katie suspected, they found him playing pinball with Derek. "Todd! Derek! Thank God we found you!"
Todd took one look at Britney, "Oh no! Not again!"
"What do you mean, 'not again'? Do you know what's wrong with her?"
"Yes, she's been joined with a symbiont!"
"A what?!"
"I'll explain later, right now we need to feed her!"
"We tried that already. She couldn't eat."
"Not food! Cock! She needs cock!"
"What the fuck are you talking about?"
"Come on, we don't have much time!"
Todd and Derek picked up Britney and carried her to his van. She was semi-conscious as they laid her down in the back. "OK, watch out! This could get messy!" Todd started to remove his pants.
"Wait! What do you think you're doing?"
"I need to feed her!"
"Get the fuck away from her!"
"You have to trust me! I know what I'm going!"
"Like Hell you do! Don't you dare touch her..."
Britney briefly drifted back into consciousness, "Oh yes! Feed me! Please feed me!" She pulled up her skirt and spread her legs for Todd.
Todd dropped his pants and released his huge cock. Britney's pussy, sensing the nearby cock, immediately blossomed open! The large hole quivered in anticipation!
"Oh my God! What fuck is that!?" screamed Katie.
"That's her symbiont!" Todd inserted his entire cock into the hole and started thrusting in and out! "Come on! Time to eat!" he shouted. The strange pussy tightened around his shaft and started making loud slurping sounds as it began milking his penis! Todd stopped his thrusting and let the pussy take over. "That's it! Work for your meal!" It didn't take long for the pussy to make him orgasm. "Oh God! I'm, I'm, I'm cumming!" Unlike a regular orgasm that lasts 3 to 5 seconds, this one lasted nearly 30! The strange pussy had the ability to prolong ejaculation until all reserves of cum were completely drained from its provider. Todd almost passed out from the extended pleasure!
When his cock stopped spurting, the pussy released its grip and Todd pulled out. The opening closed back to normal and loud gargling sounds could be heard as it ingested the fresh cum. "Watch out! They often spit up after the first few feedings!" Todd warned. Sure enough, the pussy started making retching sounds. Within a few seconds the labia separated and it vomited cum all over the back of the van and all over Britney! "That's what happens when it eats too fast!" The pussy opened up begging for more! "Derek! It's still hungry! Your turn!"
Derek got into position and inserted his cock into the pussy. Just like with Todd, it immediately started feeding. After draining all of Derek's cum, the pussy appeared to be satisfied and returned to normal. It was only then that Britney regained consciousness. Her fever was gone and she was no longer hungry. She sat up and wondered what she was doing in the back of Todd's van!
"What's going on? Where am I? And why am I covered in cum?"
Katie filled her in on what had just happened.
"What? They fed my pussy? No! This can't be happening!" Britney covered her face with her hands and began crying hysterically.
"Britney, try to calm down. I'll explain everything that's happened to you." said Todd.
"Oh, so now you want to talk?!" scolded Katie.
"You don't understand. Derek and I couldn't be around when Britney's symbiont gained consciousness."
"What's a symbiont?" asked Britney between sobs.
"I promise to explain everything, but we need to go someplace where we can talk privately."
All four of them went back to Britney's house where Todd explained everything in minute detail. He began by describing how a pussy changes shape to accommodate a large penis and how a Meltdown orgasm can only be achieved through direct stimulation of the uterus. "This is why these orgasms are so rare. They require the largest cock in the smallest pussy. And even then, there's no guarantee that it will happen at all. But when they do, it's a magical, transcendental experience for the woman lucky enough to have one!"
"So, that's why I felt like I was in a dream world when I passed out?"
"Yes, exactly! But it wasn't a dream. Your consciousness actually passed into another dimension!"
"Normally I'd say you're full of shit, but after what I saw between my legs, I'd believe anything right now. Go on. I'm listening."
"While you were in that dimension, an alien lifeform attached itself to your body. When you regained consciousness, you brought that lifeform back with you! The lifeform, which we call a symbiont, was the same shape and size of your vagina when I was fucking you, so it integrated itself into that space of your body, replacing your real vagina."
"Wait a minute! You're telling me my vagina is gone and it's been replaced with some alien creature?"
"Yes. And when the symbiont entered our dimension, its initial experience was that of being fucked by a large penis and being fed semen. This stimulus has been permanently imprinted into its behavioral characteristics. It adapted its physiology to survive in our world solely by ingesting cum. It has also fully integrated itself into your body, sharing your organs and nervous system. For example, when it's hungry, you will be too. Likewise, when the symbiont craves getting fucked by a large penis, you will have the same craving."
Britney sat still in utter shock and disbelief! "So you're telling me that some interdimensional creature is living inside me?"
"That's correct."
"And this creature has replaced my vagina?"
"Yes!"
"And why me?"
"We aren't sure. It all comes down to chance. Being in the right place at the right time."
"You mean the wrong place at the wrong time!" interjected Katie.
"What we do know is that it only happens while a large cock is in a small pussy during a meltdown orgasm. We have theorized that large cocks act as a sort of lure for the symbiont in the other dimension."
"And this creature only craves fucking and eating cum?"
"Yes."
"And that's all I'll crave as well?"
"I'm afraid so."
"Well this is bullshit! I can't live like that!"
"Actually, if you try to understand the symbiont, you can both benefit from the relationship."
"And just what benefit could there possibly be by having an alien vagina?!" shouted Britney.
"Calm down and I'll explain..." Todd proceeded to outline the following rules and conditions:
"The symbiont needs to feed at least every 2-3 days from a large cock. You'll know when it's hungry because that will be all you can think about. If you satisfy its cravings, you will be rewarded with the most intense pleasurable orgasms you could ever imagine! When the symbiont is happy, you will be happy! If you fail to satisfy its cravings, your life will become a living hell! It will control your consciousness and force you to satisfy its needs in any way possible.
"The symbiont must feed from a cock large enough to fill its internal cavity. Its mouth and stomach are located at the posterior end, so the cock must be long enough to be able to deposit the cum into its mouth. The cock must also be thick enough for the symbiont to grip onto while it's feeding. Unfortunately, anything other than the largest of cocks will be too small for the symbiont to feed on.
"The symbiont breaths through your labia and receives sensory input through your clitoris and nipples. Therefore, you cannot wear underwear or other tight-fitting clothing. To do so would suffocate and blind it.
"When the symbiont needs to feed, it will assist you in finding an appropriate food provider. It will send signals to your brain to guide you and identify the closest, appropriately sized cock. When in close proximity to the provider, it will release a pheromone to arouse and attract the provider.
"If a suitable food provider cannot be located, you may pacify the symbiont's hunger by consuming semen orally until a provider can be found. This is not a viable substitute for a regular feeding, as it would require a lot of semen to be ingested."
"Other than some magical orgasms, you haven't mentioned any benefits yet!" said Britney sarcastically.
"Hold on! I'm getting there." Todd listed the following benefits:
"Natural Immunity: Hosts of the symbiont report never catching colds, viruses, or other diseases.
"Sufficient Nourishment: Provided the symbiont is kept fed as needed, it can provide enough energy and nourishment for both itself and the host.
"Heightened Sexual Enjoyment: Hosts report improved enjoyment from non-penetrative sexual activities. Partner's also enjoy consuming the symbiont's urine, which is expelled during sex, and mistaken as female ejaculate.
"Rejuvenation: Hosts have reported a reversal of the aging process and improved physical condition.
"Telepathic Abilities: Mental communication between the symbiont and the host develops slowly, and can eventually grant telepathic and other psychic powers to the host."
"Oh wow! That sounds great! Anything also I need to know Todd?" Britney glanced over at Katie and rolled her eyes.
"Yah, there are a few more things:
"Prolonging the symbiont's need to feed will result in the host losing control of her mind. The symbiont will take over the host's body and seek nourishment on its own.
"The symbiont should be provided a varied diet. After 2 or 3 feedings from the same cock, you should find a new food source. This makes a monogamous relationship impossible.
"Penetrative sex by anything other than a large cock should be avoided.
"Hosts can no longer consume regular food. Only semen may be ingested."
"So let me get this straight, I have to have sex with a giant cock every other day, I can't wear any underwear, I'm only allowed to eat cum, and I'll be rewarded with mind-blowing orgasms and possible super powers?"
"Yes, I'm afraid so. I'm so sorry Britney."
"Don't be sorry! The more I think about it, I could really get into this! Of course I'd have to get used to not eating regular food, but the rest of it sounds awesome!"
"Well, I'm glad you understand. Any more questions?"
"Yes, are there others like me?"
"A few. Like I said, the instances of entering into the other dimension and bringing back a symbiont are very rare. And most of the hosts don't survive very long."
"What do you mean they don't survive very long?"
"Well, most of them refuse to feed their symbiont, go crazy, and kill themselves. But it seems that you were inclined to live this type of lifestyle from the beginning, so you'll probably be just fine."
"Just one more question, why did you and Derek run off earlier today? Were you not going to share all this information with me, knowing what had just happened?"
"Yah! That was very irresponsible of you!" interjected Katie.
"If we hadn't, there was a good chance that the symbiont would have killed you!"
"I don't understand."
"The symbiont is unconscious when it first enters our world, and doesn't fully integrated into its host's physiology for several hours. When it awakens for the first time, it's scared, confused, and desperately seeking comfort. The symbiont's desire to suckle at that time is so strong that it would have ripped itself out of your body to attach itself to one of our cocks!"
"Oh my God! It can't do that now, can it?"
"No, it's now fully integrated into your body and can no longer remove itself. And it wouldn't want to anyway. It's part of you now, just as you are a part of it."
"Oh, that sounds so sweet!" gushed Katie.
"Shut up!" scolded Britney.
"Well, if there are no more questions, Derek I need to get going."
"Hold on a minute, Todd, I'm not done!"
"Yah?"
"If we hadn't found you in the arcade, would you have come back to check on me?"
"Umm, yah. Sure! I would have called you!"
"Really? You would have called me to see if I was OK?"
"Yes, I would have."
"How would you have called me, Todd? I never gave you my phone number!"
"Umm, umm..." Todd knew he was caught in a lie. "Derek would have called Katie!"
"I never gave my number to Derek either!" announced Katie.
Britney was furious! "You never had any intentions on checking back with me, knowing full well what had just happened to me! Did you?"
"Umm, we were going to stop by your house after we were done at the arcade."
"Enough of the lies!" shouted Britney. She grabbed the baseball bat by the front door! "Give me one good reason why I shouldn't bash both of your heads in right now!"
Todd started stuttering, "We, we, we didn't mean it..."
"ARGH!" Britney swung the bat toward the guys and hit a nearby floor lamp! Shattered glass went everywhere! Todd and Derek recoiled in fear. Britney raised the bat, preparing to take another swing.
"Britney stop!" Katie grabbed the bat from behind. "You're over-reacting!"
"No I'm not! You saw what they did to me! They ruined my life!" Britney collapsed to the floor and began sobbing uncontrollably.
Katie kneeled down next to Britney to console her. She looked up at Todd and Derek, "You best leave... Now!" They guys rushed out the door and sped off in their van.
Britney was an emotional wreck. The gravity of what had happened to her had finally sunk in and she had lost all rational thought. Katie convinced her to lie down on the sofa and within a few minutes she had cried herself to sleep. Katie took the time to clean up the mess from the broken lamp.
Chapter 2: Despair and Hope
Britney awoke about an hour later. Katie was sitting in a chair next to her. "Are you feeling better?"
"Yah, I am. Thanks!" She sat up on the sofa and looked around the room. "Are Todd and Derek gone?"
"Yes they are. You gave them quite the scare too!"
"I did?"
"Yah, both of them pissed themselves when they thought you were going to take a second swing at them!"
"I probably would have killed them had you not stopped me!"
"I'm certain you would have! I've never seen you so angry before!"
"Can you blame me? What Todd did to me is inexcusable! And now I have to cater my life to some symbiont? There's no way I'm following all those rules! I'll do what I want, when I want, and no fucking cunt creature is going to make me do otherwise!"
"I don't know if that's such a good idea Britney. Todd was very specific about what you can and can't do as a host."
"OK, watch this then!" Britney got up, went over to the refrigerator, and got herself a soda. She opened the can and took a few swigs. "See! I can drink something other than semen!" A few moments later Britney began to feel nauseous. "Oh no! I think I'm going to..." She rushed to the sink and vomited up the soda! "Seriously? I can't even drink a soda?" She tried eating a chocolate pudding. Within moments she vomited it too. "Katie, this is terrible! What am I supposed to do at dinner time? If I don't eat, my mom's going to think I'm on drugs or something!"
"Let me think... What if you told your mom you started a protein shake diet?"
"Great idea, but where am I going to get enough cum to fill a glass?"
"Oh right..."
"Not only that, but she's really going to get suspicious if I start wearing a skirt every day. She's already had a cow catching me without a bra! If only there was some way to get away from her... Maybe I should just run away!"
"Run away and leave home?" Katie asked curiously.
"Yah, unless you've got a better idea?"
Katie thought for moment, "Yes! You need to leave home!"
"Gee, thanks for the support!"
"No, you need to go to college with me! You've already been accepted right?"
"Yes I was, but my parents want me to attend the local community college because they can't afford the dormitory costs."
"You could stay with me! I've already been assigned a private room, so no one would know about your, um, condition."
"This sounds great, but convincing my mom to let me go will be a challenge."
"I have a plan for that as well!" Katie took out her cellphone and called her mom. "Hi Mom." ... "I'm with Britney, and we were talking about me leaving for college in a few weeks. Hey, what do you think about Britney rooming with me while I'm there?" ... "I know I'd feel a whole lot safer if I wasn't by myself." ... "She's already been accepted, but her parents can't afford the dorm costs. My room is already paid for, so it wouldn't cost her family anything. What do you think?" ... "Great idea, right?" ... "Well, could you do us a favor and talk to Britney's mom? She trusts your judgement and I'm sure she will listen to you." ... "Please Mom! It's really important! Starting college is going to be really stressful. It would be a whole easier if my best friend was with me!" ... "You will! Really? Oh Mom you're the best! I love you! Call me back after you talk to her!" ... "OK, bye!" Katie hung up the phone. "She's going to talk to your mom! She thinks it's a great idea if you stay with me."
"I really hope my mom agrees with her."
"I think she will. My mom can be very persuasive!"
"I hope so. If this works out, then maybe I'll survive my 'condition', as you call it!" The girls were excited about the chance of rooming together at college! And if Britney's mom agreed to let her go, they could leave next week.
"Britney, I'm very curious about what Todd said about your symbiont ejaculating during oral sex. You want to give it a try? I still haven't repaid you for this morning."
Britney looked desperately at Katie. "You're not scared to be intimate, knowing what's inside me?"
"Actually, I'm kind of curious. Plus, it's sort of a turn on!"
Britney smiled and began crying at the same time, "I'm so lucky to have a friend like you, Katie!"
The girls embraced each other "I love you too Britney! Come on, let's go upstairs!"
The girls took off their clothes and got on the bed and started kissing. Katie reached down and started massaging Britney's breasts and nipples.
Britney suddenly shivered and gasped! "Oh my God! Katie! You touching my tits feels so good!"
"Really?"
"Yah! Look I've got goose bumps!" Britney's arms were covered by the little bumps.
"Then it must be true about your symbiont improving your sexual enjoyment."
"Definitely! Please, suck on my tits!"
Katie had Britney lay down and she got on top of her. She slid down to where Britney's tits were in her face and started sucking on them. Britney moaned in pleasure! "Oh! Don't stop Katie! Don't stop!" Katie continued to pleasure her nipples, rolling the nub around with her tongue.
"Oh Katie! It feels so good! Like a bunch of little sparks shooting through me!"
"Wow! Just from sucking on your nipples? I think I'm jealous!"
"Go down on me! Please, eat my pussy!"
Katie slid down between Britney's legs and started licking! She felt Britney's clit instantly harden in response. Britney began moaning, "Oh yes! So good! So good!" Katie continued to pleasure her, gently sucking on her swollen clit and nibbling on her soft labia. Within a few minutes, Britney screamed, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" Seconds later, Katie felt a stream of fluid spray on her tongue! The fluid tingled, as if it was carbonated, and felt light and vapory. Katie swirled it around with in her mouth. The taste was heavenly! She swallowed it. She could feel the tingling liquid as it traveled down her throat. When it reached her stomach, something even more amazing happened. A feeling of utter bliss radiated throughout her body, leaving her with a post-orgasmic feeling of calmness and serenity!
Katie rolled over onto her back and relished the orgasmic high. "Britney, if there was ever such a thing as Nectar of the Gods, that was it! The taste was absolutely amazing! And the feeling afterwards is that of pure sexual euphoria!" Britney was apparently enjoying the very same feeling! The girls remained on the bed for several minutes enjoying the mental high that the symbiont had provided.
Their sexual stupor was interrupted when Katie's cellphone rang. It was her mom! She answered the call. "Hello." ... "And what did she say?" ... "She did? Really? That's fantastic!" ... "What! Are you sure?" ... "No way! When?" ... "This Monday?" ... "Seriously?" ... "Oh my Gosh Mom! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" ... "I will! I'll tell her." ... "OK, see you soon! Love you!" Katie ended the call. She looked at Britney and screamed in delight! "You won't believe this! Not only did your parents said yes, but we leave tomorrow!"
"Hold on! Tomorrow? I thought classes didn't start for another two weeks?"
"Apparently the college is hosting a special week-long new student orientation this week, and my parents want me to attend. It was a last minute decision..."
"And my parents said yes?"
"Oh yah, your mom told my mom that your dad started making some repairs to your grandma's house and that it turned out to be a bigger project than he expected, and that they need to stay another week. Your mom didn't want to leave you alone for that long, so going to orientation with me solved that problem."
"And we leave tomorrow? So soon?"
"Yah, my mom is coming over now to help you pack a few things for the next week or two. Your dad will deliver the rest of your belongings later on."
"I don't believe it! Everything is working out perfectly!" Suddenly Britney's cellphone rang. It was her mom. "Hi Mom!" ... "Yah, Katie just told me the good news!" ... "Yes, I understand. You're putting a lot of trust in me." ... "I won't, I promise!" ... "The last thing I would want to do is embarrass you." ... "Yes, ma'am." ... "Yes, ma'am." ... "I understand." ... "She did? Really?" ... "Please tell Grandma thank you so much!" ... "Yes, I'll send her a thank you card." ... "No, I won't forget!" ... "Yes, I'll listen to her." ... "Yes, I'll miss you and Dad too!" ... "OK! Bye!" Britney ended the call. "What a fucking nag!"
"What's wrong?"
"She's sending your mom over to make sure that I pack appropriate clothing! Apparently she doesn't trust me to do it myself!"
"Don't worry about my mom. She's always commenting on how your mom controls your life too much. I'm sure she'll let you pack whatever you want!"
"I hope so. Oh, she had at least one good thing to say! My Grandma is going to give me stipend for meals and other incidentals!"
"But you can't eat food anymore!"
"No, but I need a new wardrobe! Most of my clothes aren't compatible with my symbiont!"
Katie gave a devilish smile, "I can't wait to see what you buy!" The girls got dressed and waited for Katie's mom to arrive.
A few minutes later the doorbell rang. It was Katie's mom. Britney let her in. "It's nice to see you Mrs. Grant!"
"It's good to see you too Britney! I can't begin to tell you how delighted I am that you will be rooming with Katie at the college! I know the two of you will look out for each other."
"Yes Ma'am, we will."
"Anyway Dear, I'm sure you heard that I'm supposed to ensure that you pack properly. As long as you pack a toothbrush and the other basic necessities, I don't care what else you take. It's time you started taking charge of your life for once! Now run along and go pack your bags!"
"Thank you Mrs. Grant!"
"Katie, you'll help her, won't you?"
"Sure mom!"
The girls ran upstairs to pack. Britney retrieved a suitcase from her closet and set it on the bed. "OK, Katie, you know what I'm allowed to wear, only skirts, dresses, and light-weight tops. You find those while I gather my makeup and other beauty supplies." When Britney returned from the bathroom with her toiletries, Katie was staring into the suitcase. "What's wrong?"
"I went through your closet and dresser, and this is all I could find!"
"That's not very much, is it?"
"I even threw in your slutty date clothes!"
Britney search through her dresser, "Oh, here! I can wear my camisoles as tops!"
"Oooo! Sexy!"
Britney threw the silk and lace undergarments into the suitcase, along with a couple pairs of sandals. "I think that's all I need."
"Shouldn't you take your underwear and bras?"
"Why?"
"Won't your mom go snooping through your dresser?"
"You're absolutely right!" Britney found an old backpack and stuffed all her underwear and bras into it, along with some of her regular clothes. She tossed the backpack into the attic. "She'll never find it up there!" She packed a few other miscellaneous items and decided that she had all she needed. Surprisingly, the suitcase was quite full, so she didn't feel so concerned about not taking enough with her. The girls hurried back downstairs. "Sorry to keep you waiting so long Mrs. Grant!"
"Think nothing of it! You actually didn't take as long as I thought you would! Now are your sure you have everything you need?"
"I packed my toothbrush, if that's what you're asking!"
"Splendid! Now let's get home. You two have a busy day ahead you tomorrow!"
Chapter 3: Leaving Home
That night at Katie's house, Britney avoided eating dinner by saying that she had eaten a big lunch and that she was too excited about tomorrow to eat. And in all honesty, neither was a lie! When it was time to turn in for the evening both girls were in the bathroom brushing their teeth.
"I can't believe we leave for college tomorrow! This is so exciting!" Squealed Katie.
"I know. I almost feel like a normal girl doing normal things. Too bad I'm not normal."
"Don't talk like that!"
"Why? It's true! I'm a cock-fucking, cum-guzzling freak with an alien cunt!"
"Shut up! I don't want to hear any more of your self-pity! Sure, you might have been dealt a shitty hand with this symbiont/host situation, but you don't have to go at it alone! You're my best friend and I'm going to be right at your side to support you, no matter what!"
"Yah, but what if I can't satisfy the symbiont's requirements and I end up going crazy and killing myself?"
Katie put both her hands on Britney's shoulders, forcing her to look directly at her, "Listen to me Britney Davis! I'm not going to let that happen to you! You're going to beat this! You're going to make that symbiont your bitch!"
"Are you sure?"
"Absolutely! When has anyone or anything ever gotten the best of you?"
"Never!"
"That's right! And this symbiont isn't going to be any different!" A smile started to appear on Britney's face. "Now there's the Britney I know and love!"
Britney gave Katie a big hug, "Thank you Katie! You always know how make me feel better!"
"Of course! That's what friends are for! By the way, what were you planning to wear to bed?"
"Nothing, if that's OK with you?"
"Great! I was hoping you'd say that!"
"Why?" Britney asked inquisitively.
"I thought we might snuggle a little."
"And?" Britney suspected she had an ulterior motive.
"And maybe..." Katie paused for moment, "I could have some nectar?"
"Sure, I don't mind."
Katie giggled with excitement!
The girls jumped into bed. They kissed and fondled each other for a couple minutes before Katie dove under the covers and went down on Britney! "Boy, you don't waste any time, do you?" joked Britney. Within a few minutes Katie brought Britney to orgasm and was rewarded with a mouthful of the magical fluid! Katie crawled back up from under the covers and laid next to Britney, basking in the afterglow of the nectar's effects. The two of them quickly drifted off to sleep.
As they slept, Britney experienced the most disturbing dream. She dreamt that she was swimming blindly through the air, following a sound that was heard with her mind, not with her ears. Then suddenly she felt confined and unable to move, as if she had been buried alive! The claustrophobic feeling roused her from her sleep! She sat up, soaked in sweat. Her movement startled Katie as well.
"What's wrong? Are you OK?"
"Just a nightmare, I think!"
"What was it about?"
"I'm not quite sure, but it was more intense than any dream I've ever had before!" Britney described the dream the best she could to Katie.
"Well, you went through some serious shit yesterday, that's bound to disturb even the most resilient person. I wouldn't worry too much about it."
"I suppose so, but the emotions just felt so personal, like I had experienced them first-hand."
It was almost 6 am, so the girls decided to go ahead and get up. They took their showers and got dressed. Britney wore a loose fitting tank top and a pair of gym shorts. She wanted to dress a bit more conservatively for Katie's parents' sake, but this was all she wear and not smother the symbiont. The outline of her nipples were blatantly obvious underneath her top!
Katie's mom got up afterwards and met them in the kitchen. "Oh! I see you girls are already up and ready to go! I remember how excited I was when I left for college the very first time! Oh, to be young again!" She drifted off into reminiscent thought. A few moments later she returned to reality, "What can I fix you girls for breakfast?"
"I'll have a couple of eggs over easy and some toast! Thanks Mom!"
"No problem Honey! And how about you Britney?"
"Oh, no thank you Mrs. Grant. I already ate. I, um, had a bagel and orange juice!"
"You woke up hungry, huh? See, that's what happens when you don't eat dinner!"
They all sat down at the kitchen table to eat breakfast. As they talked about the day's plans, Katie's mom took notice of Britney. "Britney! Where on earth did you get such a beautiful complexion?!"
"Excuse me?"
"Your skin, Darling! It's absolutely radiant!"
"Mom, stop! You're embarrassing her!"
"Nonsense! What girl doesn't want to be complimented on her looks?" Britney smiled and blushed. She was certain that Katie's mom had noticed her naked breasts under her top. "Anyway, you better finish up and get ready to go! You two have a long drive ahead of you!"
Back in Katie's room, the girls brushed their teeth and finished re-packing their suitcases. "You know, my mom was right! You skin is absolutely beautiful! In fact, it's flawless!"
"Really?"
"Yah! No acne, no blemishes, no anything! Look! Even the scar from your bicycle accident is gone!"
Britney looked at where the scar used to be, "Holy shit! It is gone! This is amazing!"
"Well, Todd said that one of the symbiont's side-effects would be rejuvenation. I guess he was right!"
"Maybe being a host for a symbiont isn't such a bad thing after all?"
The girls laughed and carried their suitcases out to Katie's car. Katie's dad had made sure that her car was ready for the trip. "I checked the tire pressure and topped off all the fluid levels. I even programmed the route to the college in the GPS!"
"Thanks Dad!"
The girls said their good byes and exchanged hugs with Katie's parents.
"Thank you again Mr. and Mrs. Grant for convincing my parents to let me go with Katie!"
"Think nothing of it! You're like a second daughter to us! There's nothing we wouldn't do for you Britney! You girls drive safe! Don't forget to call and let us know when you arrive!"
"We will! Love you Mom! Love you Dad!" The girls waved out the car windows as they pulled out of the driveway and drove away.
The college was a little over 5 hours away. Not too far from home, but far enough to stop annoying parents from stopping by unannounced! "I'm so happy to finally be out from under my mom's thumb!"
"Oh come on, she's not that bad, is she?"
"Yes she is! I wish she was more like your mom!"
Katie laughed. "My mom has her moments too."
"Well, she will always be my hero! After all, she was able to convince my mom to let me go to college with you! I still don't know how she pulled that off."
"She told your mom that we would be staying in an all-girl Christian dormitory!"
"Wait! What!? We're not, are we?"
"Of course not! My mom lied! We'll be staying in a coed dorm!"
"See! That's why your mom is my hero!"
The girls laughed, turned up the music and cruised on down the highway. About halfway through their journey, Britney suddenly stopped mid-sentence and gasped!
"What's wrong Britney?"
"My symbiont. I think it's awake!"
"What? Right now? It's too soon for it to be hungry!"
"It's not hungry. Just awake."
"How do you know?"
"I just know, OK! It's like I can hear its thoughts, but I don't understand any of them!"
Katie glanced over at Britney. "Oh my!"
"What?"
"Your nipples! Look at them!"
Britney looked down and found that her nipples were rock hard and pitching little tents under her shirt! "Well, that's something Todd didn't tell me about!"
"He did say that the symbiont uses them for sensory reception. Maybe that's how it sees?"
"Perhaps. I just hope it behaves itself until we get to the college."
About an hour later, they had to pass through the mountains. The road was made up of sharp curves and steep shoulders. "Be careful Katie! OK?"
"I will! Geez, you sound like my mom!"
"No really, be careful! I have a bad feeling something dangerous is about to happen!"
They drove on for a few more miles. As they made their away around a hairpin turn, Britney was suddenly overcome with a foreboding feeling of death and destruction. "Katie! Stop! Stop the car right now!" she screamed hysterically.
Katie slammed on the brakes and the car skidded to a stop! Before Katie could ask Britney what was wrong, a huge boulder came crashing down on the road in front of them! "Oh my God! Britney, that would have hit us if we hadn't stopped!"
"I know. I saw it happen! I saw us die!"
"You mean you had a premonition, a vision?"
"It was the scariest thing I've ever experienced in my entire life! I saw us get crushed by that boulder! I felt the pain of my body being crumpled by the impact! We aren't supposed to be alive right now!" Britney started sobbing uncontrollably.
Katie tried to console her, "But we are alive, thanks to you! You saved us!"
"No! the symbiont saved us!"
"But Britney..."
"No! I don't want to talk about it right now!"
Within minutes another driver arrived. An old man got out of his truck and walked up to Katie's car. "Wow that's a big boulder! Did y'all see it fall?"
"No, it was there when we came around the corner." said Katie.
"That's good! I wouldn't have wanted to be in its way, no sir! I've got a radio in my truck, I'll notify the highway patrol, but you two best be getting along unless you want to be stuck here. They'll shut the road down for sure!" He helped guide the girls around the boulder and the steep shoulder.
"Thank you Sir!"
"You're very welcome! Drive safe now, ya hear!"
Fortunately, the rest of their drive was uneventful. The vision had exhausted Britney, and she fell asleep in the passenger seat. Katie paid extra attention to the road and to her driving. She looked over at Britney. They were best friends and she knew that Britney would be needing her more and more in the days ahead. She made a pledge to herself, to always be there for her, no matter what! The rest of the drive became her personal mission: To deliver Britney safely to the college.
Chapter 4: The Truck Stop
About two hours later, Katie reached over and shook Britney's shoulder. "Hey, wake up!"
"Are we at the college already?" Britney said with a yawn.
"No, about another hour, but I need to stop for gas and to go pee!"
"How long was I asleep?"
"About three hours."
"Really? Sorry to make you drive so long by yourself, but I really needed the rest."
"Don't worry about it! What matters is that you're feeling better!"
"I am, thanks! I don't know what I'd do without you!"
Katie pulled into a truck stop, the kind with a restaurant, gas station, store, and showers. They filled up the car with gas, parked, and went inside. "I really need to pee! I'll be right back!"
"OK, I'll be looking around in the store."
Katie went to use the restroom and Britney went to look at the t-shirts. Being a truck stop, the clothing styles ranged from biker-chick to trashy. She was excited to find some styles that would fit her new lifestyle! She found a top that laced down the middle. She could untie or remove the lacing completely to fit loose over her tits. She also found a skirt that looked like cutoff jeans. About that time Katie returned from the restroom. Britney showed her what she had found.
"I like it! Very flattering!" She started looking at some of the other clothes in the store. "I'm going to get something sexy for myself too!" After picking out her new outfit, the girls went up to the register to pay. The cashier at the counter was friendly and started talking to them.
"So, are you girls headed up to the college?"
"Yes Ma'am, we are!"
"I thought so. You both have that first time away from your parents look about you! And you're buying clothes they probably wouldn't allow you to buy, am I right?" The girls giggled. "You know, if I were you, I'd go rent one of the showers, get yourselves prettied up and wear these new clothes for when you arrive at the college. No reason not to make a good first impression with the boys, am I right?"
Britney and Katie looked at each other. They loved the idea! "Thank you Ma'am! We'll do just that!" The girls went back to the car and grabbed their shower supplies and makeup.
When they came back in, the lady handed them some shower tokens. "Here you go! Get yourselves all dolled up! Courtesy of Ol' Marge!"
"Thank you Marge!" the girls replied.
Katie and Britney walked over to the shower area. The showers were designed with two entrances, one for the customer, and one for the cleaning lady. When you stepped inside and turned the lock, both doors latched securely. When you left, the cleaning lady would come in and sanitize the shower after each use. The girls were surprised just how clean the showers were. They looked like what you'd find at a fancy hotel!
Even though they had two tokens, the girls decided to stay together for safety reasons and share a shower. "You can go first if you like." Suggested Katie.
"You know, the shower is plenty big, why don't we shower together?"
Katie giggled and smiled, "I like that idea!"
The girls took off their clothes and stepped into the hot shower. They personally lathered each other from head to toe, ensuring that every part of their body was cleaned. Then they spent the rest of the time making out under the hot water. They loved the feeling of each other's naked flesh as they rubbed their bodies together! The girls were about to work themselves into a sexual frenzy when the shower timer ended.
"Aww! Damn it!" Katie lamented.
"Don't worry, we'll have plenty of time to play at the college!"
"I know, but I was really starting to get in the mood, you know?" Of course Katie was really wanting to get another dose of the symbiont's nectar. She had become addicted to it.
The girls reluctantly stopped their fun and dried themselves off. As they dried their hair and put on their makeup, Katie couldn't help but notice a change in Britney's breasts. "Your tits are bigger!"
"No they aren't, it's just the nipples making them look larger. This symbiont has kept them erect ever since we drove through the mountains!"
"It's not just the nipples. Your tits definitely look fuller! What bra size were you wearing before?"
"You know what size I am. I'm an A cup."
"Well the tits I'm looking at right now are at least a B!"
Britney cupped her boobs with her hands and felt their shape and weight. "Well, would you look at that! My tits are little bigger!"
"Bigger tits and perky nipples! You're sure to attract lots of attention, that's for sure!"
"I know, right? It's kind of sexy!" Britney was admiring herself in the mirror, "I wonder what other surprises my symbiont has in store for me?"
The girls got dressed into their newly purchased outfits. The top Britney had bought fit her even better than she had imagined, especially with her now bigger boobs! And it was made from a soft knit material, so it didn't restrict her nipples poking though underneath! When they existed the shower and walked toward the exit, Marge the cashier was there to greet them.
"Now don't the two of you look absolutely stunning! I can't imagine any college boy not wanting to get a piece of you, if you know what I mean!" Britney and Katie started blushing. "No need to get embarrassed! A girl should never be ashamed to flaunt what she's got! Now you sweet young things better get a move on and not keep those college boys waiting!"
The girls thanked Marge again for her help and advice. They couldn't wait to get back on the road and make their way to the college! "I hope we meet some cute guys when we get there! I'd love to start off my first night at college by getting laid!" said Katie excitedly.
"Yah, that would be nice." replied Britney, with far less enthusiasm.
"What's wrong?"
"Don't forget, I can only fuck guys with big cocks. What if the guys we meet have smaller ones?"
"Just give them a blowjob! Trust me, they won't care!"
"Yah, but eventually they'll want me to put out, and I won't be able to. It's kind of depressing."
"Just tell them they don't measure up. Sure their feelings will be a little hurt, but as long as they still get to bust a nut in your mouth as a consolation prize, they'll be happy!"
"I never thought of it that way. Thanks! I feel a whole lot better!"
"And if you think about it, once word gets out that you only fuck guys with big cocks, the guys who do get to fuck you are going to brag! You'll become a trophy that all the guys will want to win!"
Britney looked at Katie with a devilish smile. "Oh my God! That would be so awesome! Hurry up and get there already! I have a reputation to start working on!" The girls laughed and hurried on their way!