This story will contain many elements that reasonable people should find offensive. Lucky we're all mature adults (although most of you probably aren't very mature) who understand that this is fantasy not reality, and no one is being hurt, other than my fingertips and the general moral balance of the universe.
I'd love to hear any suggestions or ideas, particularly if you can think of a good kink to involve, good twist, or a stimulating situation for the next story.
If you like the story, please send me a message, I love to hear that other people are really out there, reading and experiencing my ideas and fantasies.
Most characters are based on real people, some aren't, some names have been changed, some haven't.
******
Chris wakes up alone in a new apartment.
The sun is lying low on the horizon as the first beams of light pierce the slightly smoky air in his room. The room is about 15 by 15, with matte white walls that could do with a new coat. The carpet underfoot is clearly about 30 years old, long, and lightly stained from years and years of rental use. A queen bed is in one corner, opposite the door. A window lets in light at the foot of the bed, shining back at a cheap, but sturdy desk. There's an old wooden chair at the desk, and a few pieces of paper scattered there. A small bookshelf sits between the door and the desk. Books on strategy, histories, and political analysis covers most of the shelf.
Its a good day for Chris, Saturday, and he managed to get the weekend off. Working as a salesman certainly gave him a chance to work on his manipulating skills, but the hours were terrible. Even being as good as he was at convincing people, the job just paid the bills and kept the car running. He should probably be looking for a new job, but anxiety stops him.
Chris sits up, walks into the hallway. Three other doors lead off, one to the bathroom, and two to empty rooms. He rented the entire apartment, one floor of a house, the other being empty, with the idea of finding a roommate or two that he wants living there. "Maybe a cute girl who doesn't properly close her door, maybe some little white girl who can't hold her liquor," his thoughts begin to run.
He steps into the bathroom, picks up his toothbrush, and cleans. His teeth are off-white, slightly at angles, natural. He turns on the water to the shower waits a minute, and steps in. The hot water hits him, the shower head too low for his over 6" frame. He leans back and the steaming water runs over his tight shoulders down his chest, over his hard flat stomach, down his impressive 5 inch flaccid penis. He leans his head back, allowing the water to run through his short, shaggy hair and over his young, wide face. The water cleans, running deep into his skin, removing the dust and shame of the work week, leaving leaving clean white skin.
After a short shower, Chris steps out of the shower towels off lightly, leaving the damp towel to dry in the bathroom and goes back to his room to get dressed. He enjoys the feeling of walking around his house naked. A pair of tight silk boxer briefs are followed by a pair of grey nylon pants. A tight silk undershirt goes on next, and a dull green buttoned shirt. His feet get a pair of thick wool socks, and a pair of well-used mid rise hiking boots.
There's not much of a front yard to the house, the driveway taking up most of it. Chris gets into a green SUV, about 10 years old.
The drive isn't short. It takes about an hour of driving through thick forest until Chris pulls off the dirt track into a small lot at a trail-head. There aren't any other cars there at the moment. Naturally, he takes the moment to pull out his cock and take a piss in the middle of the dirt clearing. The acrid smell rises in the warm spring day, mixing with the earthy smell of the woods.
This isn't Chris's first time on this trail, and he makes pretty good time as he hikes. The woods are calm and peaceful, totally deserted for a Saturday. He stops on a log, about halfway through his four hour hike, and drinks some water. The thought of a new roommate runs through his head again. This time he imagines an Irish redhead, snuggling against Chris's strong arms in the cold nights. His thoughts wander again, as he feels a slight stirring in his pants, until something interrupts his fantasizing.
*******
"Is that? No." Distantly, sounding like from further up this trail, Chris can hear a distinct and unmistakable rhythmic mixture of grunts, light groans, and... is that slapping noises?
His curiosity piqued, Chris finishes his water and continues towards the sound. It doesn't take long for him to see the source of the sound. At the bottom of the hill he was resting on, two people are going at it right on the trail. The shapes become clearer, there's a figure with big tits behind a smaller figure bent at the waist, slamming their hips together. Chris can clearly see the scene as he approaches, not yet noticed. A curvy blonde girl with a strap-on is fucking a small, skinnier brunette girl.
Chris clears his throat as he steps into view.
"Hi there!" He calls out. The brunette lifts her head, shocked, and starts to stand up, only to be pushed back down by the blonde.
The blonde girl looks up and smiles, not even missing a beat as she continues her assault on the brunette, her large D cups swinging as she fucks. "Hello. Beautiful day out isn't it?"
Chris continues walking towards them, blatantly staring at the blonde's big, bouncing tits, and then switching to staring at the strap-on, as he gets close enough to see detail. The brunette's moans rise in pitch and the rhythm gets faster.
"Sorry about the interruption," he says absentmindedly.
"It would only be interrupting if I stopped, wouldn't it?" The blonde looks into Chris's face, watching his eyes follow the action, never looking up at her.
"Ugh! Ugh! Harder! Fuck me! I'm gonna cum!" The brunette, yells out.
"Hm, I guess." Chris's breath has increased in pace, and his pants are clearly straining. He steps forward again. This time clearly invading their space.
"Hey, no. You can watch, you can think about it, but no touching. Got it?" The blonde finally sees Chris's eyes as he looks up.
"Yeah, sure, no touching." He mutters distractedly, glancing up and then staring back down at the strap-on slamming and
"AAAHHH! FUCK!" brunette, throws her ass back, slamming into the blonde, staggering both of them.
The blonde reaches forwards and grabs the brunette by her hair, pulling her face up. A good thirty seconds goes by while the brunette comes down and they try to swallow each other's tongues. The blonde pulls out, slaps the brunette in the face, hard enough to leave a red mark immediately.
"Satisfied honey?" the blonde mouths out, her speech almost inaudible.
"You always have, and I'm sure you always will," the brunette picking up a light thin yellow sundress, slipping it over her flat chest, her puffy stand out nipples, and her tiny thin form. She hands an even smaller almost transparent sundress to the blonde, who slips it on over her strap-on. A bulge sticks out under her dress incredibly obviously.
"Damn. Well. Um." Chris sort of mutters out.
"I'm Claire by the way." The blonde sticks out her hand to shake Chris's.
"Abby, nice to meet you." The brunette copies Claire's actions.
"Well we're going off to lunch, at our camp down by the junction of the two rivers about a half-mile. Enjoy the rest of your hike, but if you ever want to drop by some time, you should join us. We'll be here until late summer unless the park people kick us out." Claire says.
"Its a free-love community, in case you haven't gotten that." Abby piques in.
"Well, I'll keep that in mind, sure," Chris mutters out. "I, uh, enjoyed the show?"
"Good, we'll do you one better next time." Claire grabs onto the straps of Abby's dress and pulls her along.
"See ya, I'm sure," Abby waves.
"See ya," Chris smiles. "Holy shit, that was interesting." He turns and begins to walk up the hill, his throbbing erection slowly dying down.
******
So this is just an intro to a longer set of stories I'm writing. Chris is the main character. Most will be much longer and probably more BDSM and humiliation focused as well. Eventually they will ramp-up and become less and less realistic.