After her encounter with Mike, Rachel returned to my room expecting wild sex, but instead found me pouting in bed. What followed was a long, difficult conversation that I don't really want to relive in full right now. Her main point was that I was watching outside the whole time and that she figured I'd step in if anything was crossing the line. Since I didn't, that meant everything should be ok and I couldn't be mad at her. My main point was that she willingly had a sexual encounter (a very intense sexual encounter from what I could tell) with my friend and my reluctance to intervene doesn't mean I approved of it. She cried, saying she was just going along with Mike because she thought I liked her teasing my friends. She was just trying to follow my lead on how to please me sexually and now I was shaming her for it. When she found out that I had cum three times (I had jacked off again waiting for her to return because I didn't want to be horny while trying to talk to her), I didn't really have anything to say back.
I tried to get her to agree to no more nude shows and no more sexual favors for my friends (no matter how much they tried to cajole her), and that's when she really got mad. She told me she'd stop the first time I said something was going too far while it was happening (and not afterward when I'd already cum), but she didn't think I'd ever do that because I loved it too much. I managed to get her to agree to at least talk to me before doing anything else so extreme, and she agreed with one condition.
That one condition was that I owed Mike something because his confidence and expertise had caused me to blow three loads in my pants and had opened my girlfriend's mind to a whole new area of sexual exploration. She didn't know what exactly I owed him, but after all this turmoil, I eventually agreed. I figured that eventually she'd give him a handjob or something, but that would be it. If he heard about this favor I owed him, he'd want to fuck her, I was sure of it. But his giant dick couldn't fit inside any part of her, so I was in the clear there.
Having come to some sort of agreement, we relaxed in the room for a bit longer, coming down from the emotional high of the argument. Eventually, we got dressed and headed downstairs to find Kyle and Andrew watching cartoons, Kyle wearing only his swim trunks, Andrew completely naked.
"Andrew, what the fuck," I said.
"What?" he asked, innocently. I scoffed and he looked down at his naked body. "Oh this? I've decided to embrace the nudist within me."
"Just because you're some hippie that let's everything fly doesn't mean we all wanna see your dick all the time," I said.
"If you don't want to look at my dick, then don't," he said, shrugging.
"But if you want to look at it," Rachel said, nudging me. "Here's your big chance."
That got a laugh out of the guys, but not from me. Rachel plopped down in the easy chair, leaving me with the seat next to Andrew on the couch. I cursed to myself and sat down next to him. He jokingly yawned and stretched, pushing his naked thigh up against mine and draping his arm around my shoulder. I brushed him off and the three of them laughed at me. Great, I thought.
Everyone's attention turned back to the TV as we waited for Mike to finish up whatever he was doing. We were all still somewhat hungover and he generally decided what we did anyway. I couldn't really concentrate on the TV, though, due in part to my hangover and due in part to the naked man next to me. I took another look down at his dick. It was only a couple inches long flaccid, and flopped over a short-cropped bed of hair. Clearly Andrew had prepared for this.
I can't believe my friend is making me look at his dick, I thought, staring at it. I had to admit it was a pretty-looking dick, as far as dicks go. I just wished he'd kept it away because now I couldn't stop thinking about it. I realized I was still staring at his dick and looked up, catching his eye before he quickly looked away. Fuck, I thought. I think he saw me checking him out. I assured myself that it was nothing, though. I was subtle, he couldn't have seen me.
Then it flopped. I caught the movement out of the corner of my eye as it flopped over on its side and pointed at me. I chanced a quick glance down. Fuck. It was definitely bigger. The shaft was a bit thicker and the head was poking out of his cut foreskin more. I wondered if it was because he caught me looking at it or if he was just getting horny being naked in front of Rachel again. Thinking of Rachel, I looked at her, only to see her smirking right back at me. My heartbeat ratcheted up. I wasn't sure about Andrew, but Rachel had definitely seen me checking out his dick. I didn't need this right now.
"What the fuck, Andrew," Mike said, coming down the stairway. "Why's your dick out?"
"I wanted to get dressed, but Brian wouldn't let me," Andrew said, pouting.
"What?!" I shouted. "That's not true at all!"
"Little Brian protests too much, methinks," Rachel said, smirking.
"Little Brian's not protesting this at all!" Andrew shouted, grabbing my crotch. They all burst out laughing as I pushed his hands off. I hadn't been hard at all, at least not really, but now they all thought I was. Great.
"What should we do today?" I asked, anxious to change topics as they collected themselves.
"Rachel said today was about you," Kyle said.
"Yeah!" Mike said. "And you never thanked me for my gift to you."
"Wait, what did you get him?" Andrew asked. Mike turned to Rachel.
"You want to show them?" he asked. She immediately blushed.
"No need," I said. I turned to Mike and heaped as much sarcasm into my voice as I could. "And thank you. So much."
"Come on," Kyle said. "What happened?"
"Actually, that gives me an idea," Mike said. I didn't like where this was going. "Today's about Brian and catching him up on everything that's happened, right?"
They all nodded.
"How about we show him the winning dive from last night that he missed?" Mike said.
"We can't," Rachel said. "I don't wanna get wet." When the guys sniggered, she added, "I meant in the pool! I don't wanna go in the pool right now."
"We can show him right here," Mike said, then turned to me. "It'll be worth it. I promise."
I turned to Rachel and raised my eyebrows. She blushed deeply and avoided my eyes.
"What do you say, Rachel?" Mike asked, holding out his hand to her. She smiled up at him and nodded, grabbing his hand and standing up. They walked to the door to the kitchen, hand in hand.
"Wait," I said, and they stopped. "Where are you going?"
"We have to get, well," she paused, blushing. "We have to get naked."
"Can't you show me over your clothes?" I asked.
"No," she said. "You'll understand when you see. I'll be a little nude, but it's nothing your friends haven't seen."
No one can be a "little" nude, I thought to myself as they went into the kitchen. I sat pouting in my seat next to Andrew. Once again I'd failed to keep my girlfriend clothed for any length of time, though I felt my dick start to harden in my pants despite the self-abuse it took this morning. Looking over at Andrew, I saw he was getting excited too. We heard their clothes hit the floor, then Rachel giggle. Then they started talking, but too quiet for us to make out the words. Then I thought I heard a wet smack.
"I wonder what they're doing in there," Andrew said, turning and kneeling on the sofa to look toward the kitchen. His now mostly hard dick stuck away from his crotch at my eye level, just over my right shoulder. I resolved to ignore it. I'd gotten enough shit about looking at it today.
"Well, he's gotta be hard for the trick to work," Kyle said.
"Really?" I asked, not at all amused.
"Yeah," Kyle said. "Last night, he was so drunk during the diving competition he couldn't get really hard, so Rachel helped him."
"Oh yeah," Andrew said. "We couldn't really see, but he told us later she let him suck on her tits while she jacked him off."
"She told me you guys might have bumped into each other naked a little bit in the dark, but nothing sexual was done," I said. Kyle and Andrew exchanged an awkward glance.
"It was a little more than that," Kyle admitted. "She grabbed my dick a few times and shoved my hands onto her tits."
"Yeah, same," Andrew said. "She didn't jack me off or anything, but she was pretty much holding onto my dick whenever I was nearby." My cheeks burned in shame while my erection struggled against my shorts. She'd sugarcoated the details some, but at least she didn't do anything crazy, I tried to tell myself.
The talking and giggling in the other room then stopped.
"Brian," Mike shouted. "I hope you're ready to meet your new and improved girlfriend!" We all turned to look at the doorway. Andrew turned fast enough to accidentally thrust his hard dick into my shoulder. I glared at him and he mouthed a sorry.
"I'm ready," I said back, deadpan.
"Alright," Mike continued. "Please welcome..."
They jumped around the corner and I gasped.
"Dickgirl!" Mike and Rachel shouted in unison. I gaped at them. Rachel stood in front of Mike. Stood on his feet, actually, while his arms wrapped around her soft belly, holding her naked body flush against his. Her hefty breasts rested atop his arms, her nipples hard and pointing (and it looked like they were a little wet). Her arms were in the air in a "ta-da" pose, while they both grinned widely.
None of us paid much attention to their faces, though, because his giant erection stuck out from between her legs, rigid as flagpole. Her crotch sat directly against it, giving the impression that it was her dick and not his.
"Oh my God," I muttered, too stunned to have any other reaction.
"After we all saw you staring at Andrew's dick, I thought I'd upgrade your girlfriend for you," Mike said.
"Shut up," I muttered to myself.
"Do you not accept me how I am?" Rachel asked, sticking her lip out in an exaggerated pout.
"You shaved!" Kyle exclaimed, pointing at their conjoined crotch. Rachel looked down and blushed.
"I did," she said, then looked back up at Mike. "Let's give them a better look."
They walked, or I should say he walked as she just kept standing on his feet, over to us on the couch. The three of us peered at her crotch and Mike's giant dick sticking out from under it.
"Wow, so smooth," Kyle said, reaching out and rubbing a couple fingers against her pubis where her hair used to be. Andrew did the same. I just stared at my girlfriend's engorged labia as the wrapped around the top of my friend's giant erect dick. Now that she was completely bare, we could easily see her clit sticking out from under its hood, also resting against the top of his dick.
"That's not all," Mike said. "Check it out." With that, he leaned forward and grabbed behind her knees and lifted her up. Her body folded until her knees were pressed against her armpits as Mike held her off the ground, pressed against his chest. The maneuver worked to spread her legs apart and curl her crotch upward toward us. Now she was completely on display for our eyes, her pussy and asscheeks spread wide, her bare labia and asshole winking at us.
"Oh my God, Mike, you're embarrassing me!" Rachel squealed, covering her face. But as we watched, a large drop of her juices slid out of her vagina, across her asshole, and then off her body, splattering on Mike's hard dick.
"Just teasing you," he said, letting her back down. His hard dick was sticking up, though, and its massive head caught in her spread lips.
"Mike! Watch it!" she squealed, hopping away from him, which made her boobs bounce around to my friends' delight. "You almost slipped inside me!"
Mike just shook his head. "I've been telling you, that's impossible. No vagina can fit me."
"I'm sorry," she said, her face falling. "I keep forgetting."
"It just sucks," he said. "I'll never be able to truly be with the woman I love."
"I'm so sorry," she said, pulling him into a supportive hug. I watched her breasts bulge out as she pressed them into his bare chest, his hard dick pressed against her bare, soft tummy. My friends watched closely as well. I could see that Andrew's dick had become rock hard over the past few minutes. I couldn't see Kyle's, but I assumed his was as well, as they both stared at her bare ass.
"It's ok," he said. "We all have our burdens to bear."
"Wait," she said, pulling back from him. "Vaginas may be too small, but what about an asshole?"
"Don't see how'd it make a difference," he said.
"Well, it's certainly gigantic for a dick," she said, holding it in her small hand. "But, and sorry for saying this, but I'm pretty sure I've taken a shit bigger than this. And if something of this size can go out, then why couldn't it go in?"
We all sat in stunned silence. Even Mike was left speechless.
"Right? What am I missing?" she asked. "I mean, it'd probably hurt some, but I know if I was your woman, I would definitely put up with a bit of pain to know that I could fit this amazing dick inside of me."
"You're one of a kind, though," Mike said.
"Well, maybe..." she looked at me, her brow furrowed. "Maybe we can try?"
"No," I said. "Absolutely not."
"But you agreed earlier that you owed Mike a favor!" she pouted, crossing her arms, causing her breasts to bulge out obscenely.
"Yeah, but I figured you'd give him a handjob or something, not let him fuck you in the ass."
"I don't see the big issue," she said. "You've never shown any interest in my asshole. I want to do your friend a favor and clear away his insecurities. I don't see why you're being so selfish."
The turn in the conversation was enough to shake my friends' out of their reverie. They watched, silent but gape-mouthed, as we argued.
"Your friend is nice enough to have you and your girlfriend as a guest at his family's property, and you won't do a thing to help him with the thing he's most insecure about," she said.
"You said you'd stop this as soon as I drew a line and put my foot down," I said. "Well this is it. This is the line I'm drawing."
"Fine," she said. "I won't do this. I won't do this as long as you can pull out your dick right now and show it's not rock hard and drooling thinking about Mike's giant dick invading my virgin asshole."
I froze. I knew she had me cornered. Even with all the abuse I laid on it out on the balcony earlier, my dick was as hard as it's ever been. We both looked down and saw a large wet spot spreading across the front of my shorts.
"I thought so," she said smugly. I hung my head in defeat. She turned back to Mike, who now sported the world's biggest shit-eating grin. "So how should we do this?"
"First, let's get you in position," he said, guiding her to Andrew's side of the couch. He bent her over the armrest, forcing her face into Andrew's naked lap.
"Whoa!" Andrew said as her head descended right onto his crotch. Her hair fell over her face, covering it and his crotch.
"What the fuck," I said. "Blowing Andrew wasn't part of the deal."
"I wasn't blowing him," she said, clearing the hair from her face, which rested high on his naked thighs, mere inches from his hard dick and hairy balls.
"Stay there," Mike said to Andrew. "The more turned on she is, the more she'll relax and the more likely this will all work. Make sense?"
"Yeah, makes sense," she said, her breath tickling Andrew's shaft.
"The way I see it," Mike said. "Our best chance is by starting small and working our way up. So I'll start with my fingers, and that'll get you loose enough to take a normal-sized dick. At that point, Kyle or Andrew could take over for a little bit until you're nice and loose for them."
"And then I'll be loose enough to fit you?" she asked.
"I really hope so," he said.
"Wait," I said. "Now they're fucking you in the ass too?"
"Don't be so crude," she said. "They're just going to help widen my hole so it can fit Mike."
"I don't see why they both have to," I said. "They're pretty much the same size."
"Didn't know you were such an expert on our dicks," Kyle said. The four of them laughed.
"I'm not, you've just all been flinging them around all week," I protested. "And I'm about the same size too. Why can't I be the one to loosen you up?"
"Stop being selfish," she said. "You showed no interest in my asshole until Mike did. And now you want to claim it for yourself."
"But I'm your boyfriend!"
"Actually, it's best if you don't," Mike said. "Because we need her as turned on as possible and it seems like nothing turns her on more than humiliating you."
"That's not true," I said. "Right, babe?"
Rachel blushed as she looked up at me, past Andrew's dick.
"Holy shit," Mike said, checking out her exposed pussy from behind. "She's fucking dripping back here thinking about it."
"I know I'm not the only one who likes it," she said, grabbing my crotch. Her hand wrapped around my wet, stiff member through my shorts. The sensation startled me and I lost my train of thought.
"So I think you should actually hide your face again," Mike said, leaning over her and pushing her hair back over her face and Andrew's dick. "You don't have to blow him, but this way you can feel like a slut knowing that we all think you're just sucking his dick right in front of us."
She moaned. Andrew did too. I burned with shame. I didn't know if she was actually kissing and sucking his dick, but even if she wasn't, she was rubbing her face all over it.
"Ok, just pretend, babe," I said weakly. She responded with an "Mm-hmm", though it sounded like something was in her mouth.
"Now that that's covered, let's get started," Mike said. "Lube is going to be super important, but thankfully..." He trailed off and she let out a surprised gasp. No doubt he stuck his finger in her vagina to collect some of her fuck juice. "You're giving us a lot to work with. Ok, here comes one finger."
From our spot on the couch, Andrew, Kyle and I could see her naked back and the twin mounds of her thick ass. We couldn't see much beyond that, but we did see Mike first massage, then enter her ass with his long middle finger.
"Oh my godddddd," she moaned into Andrew's crotch as he entered.
"How you doing?" Mike asked.
"Good," she said. "It just feels... strange. It kinda hurts but I kinda like it too. It makes me feel really dirty and violated. But in a good way."
"That's because you're a filthy slut," he said as he started working the finger in and out of her asshole. After a few strokes she started pushing her ass back to meet his thrusts. "Yeah, now you're feeling it. Ok, here comes finger two."
She gasped and clenched up. But she started rocking back into him again. She moaned and whimpered at his fingers' intrusion. Before we knew it, he was sawing three fingers in and out of her. My heart beat at double time. Here was my girlfriend, the love of my life, moaning and squealing as my friend stretched her asshole apart so he could fit his giant dick inside.
"Wow, you're loosening up really quick," he said. "This may work after all."
"I told you!" she said, her voice muffled.
"Quiet, slut, your asshole has a lot more in store for it," he said. She moaned in reply. "Kyle, you better get ready, you're up first."
Kyle had watched the proceedings quietly next to me, but Mike's instruction jolted him from his reverie. He jumped up and shucked off his clothes in a split second, leaving him standing there completely naked, his hard cock bouncing in front of him. He walked around to where Mike stood, behind Rachel's bent naked body.
"Holy shit that's hot," Kyle said as soon as he saw Mike's fingers pistoning in and out of her widening asshole from behind. He started stroking himself. Mike pulled his fingers out of Rachel and she immediately whimpered. She pushed her ass up higher and waggled it back and forth, searching for the fingers again.
"Hold on, slut," Mike said to her, before turning back to Kyle. "You'll have to stick it in her to get it lubed up, then just work it into her ass slowly."
"Wait," Rachel said, sticking her arm underneath her and blocking her vagina from their view. "You're not sticking your dick in my vagina. That's for Brian only." She turned her head back to talk to them, which caused her hair to pull away from Andrew's dick. It glistened with moisture.
"Yeah," I said weakly. "That's for me only."
"Well we need lots of lube," Mike said. "And it's right there and producing a fucking gallon of it for us."
"There's gotta be something else you can use," she said. "I'm doing this as a favor to you, Mike. I'm not just some cheap slut that wants her boyfriend's friends to fill all her holes as he watches."
"Really?" Mike said. "Because I think that's exactly what you want."
"That's enough," I said, standing up. "She said no."
"She said no, but she's gushing more than ever," Mike said, rubbing her vagina and causing her to moan loudly. He held up his hand and showed her juices that covered it.
"Then just use that to get his dick wet. If she's dripping, you don't need to stick it inside," I said.
Mike glared at me a moment, then smiled. "He's right," he said. "I didn't think she'd get this turned on having her boyfriend watch us play with her body, but I guess that's just how slutty she is. You can come over here and watch us to make sure we stay in the right hole, Brian. Go ahead, Kyle."
I'm not sure if I walked over to their side so that I could keep an eye on them or just because I wanted a better view of them entering my girlfriend's virgin asshole. Either way, I soon saw their view, Rachel's ass raised high, her ass cheeks and pussy lips spread wide, showcasing their prizes within. True to Mike's word, fluid was gushing from Rachel's hole, soaking her legs. She'd never flowed like that for me. Hell, she never made half the sounds she was making for me. I worried that this was going to ruin me for her. After this, normal sex with me and my normal dick was going to be nothing compared to my friends using her body with gleeful abandon.
Kyle scooped some of the fluid from on and around her pussy and smeared it on his dick. After repeating the process a few times, he grabbed his dick in one hand and her ass cheek in the other and lined his dick up with her asshole, which had closed again after Mike removed his fingers. He pressed the head against it.
"Fuck," she moaned. "A dick feels so much bigger than fingers."
"It's not gonna work," Kyle said, stepping back. He stared at her puckered anus as he casually stroked himself.
"Of course it's not gonna work," Mike said. "You need to beg for it, slut. You need to want that dick inside your ass more than anything else in the world."
"But I don't," Rachel said. "I'm just trying to fit your dick in there as a favor to you. You told me Kyle would be able to help make that happen."
"In that case," Mike said. "It won't work. I'm gonna go jerk off and stop trying to deal with this tease."
He started to walk from the room when Rachel shouted after him.
"No, wait!" she shouted. "Please!"
He turned back around. She reached behind her and grabbed her fat cheeks, pulling them as wide as she could. Her asshole started to open again.
"Please fuck my ass!"
Her words were like a dagger to my heart and a shot of adrenaline to my dick.
"What will you do for us?" Mike asked.
"Do for you?" she asked. "You'll get to fuck my ass."
"Not good enough. This won't work unless you want it so bad you'll give up anything."
"Fine!" she shouted. "If you fuck me in the ass it'll be yours, Mike. You can fuck it whenever and wherever you want. You'll own it and I won't let Brian near it. Just please fuck me!"
Mike smirked and walked back behind her.
"You're not, uhh," I stammered. "Not, uhhh, serious about that, are you babe?"
"We talked about this, Brian, I'm going to have to humiliate you for this to work," she said. "So just shut up, and spread my cheeks for them. My arms are getting tired."
I gulped dryly and did as she said. I had to believe that she was only pretending when she gave ownership of her asshole over the Mike to do what he wanted with. As I spread her cheeks and watched Kyle's hard dick press against her hole right in front of me, I imagined having sex with her and Mike barging into the room, demanding to have her ass right then. Would she really push me aside and let Mike ravage her anally? I cursed as I realized the thought made my dick drip.
With a loud groan from both Kyle and Rachel, the head of his dick slipped past her sphincter. I looked to her other end, where Andrew still sat with his hard dick in her face. I could see he slipped a hand under her and was mauling her succulent hanging breasts. Her hair had fallen away from her face so that I could see her face and Andrew's angry rock-hard dick. Her mouth hung open from the exertion of the anal invasion, her lips curling around his wet shaft like her other lips had curled around Mike's dick earlier.
I continued holding her cheeks apart as Kyle worked his way in. After a minute, he was all the way in, his hips pressed against my hands and no doubt his balls pressed against her sopping pussy. I let go and Kyle pressed himself fully against her naked backside.
"Oh my goddd," she moaned. "You're so deep inside me. I feel like you're poking my lungs."
"Work it in and out of her some," Mike said. "Get her real loose and relaxed back there."
He started to, slowly pulling his dick out of her. Her O-ring clung to his shaft, letting it exit her reluctantly. Once only his head was left, he reversed direction and pushed back in until once again her asscheeks pancaked out against his waist. His eyes rolled back into his head from the extreme pleasure of my girlfriend's backdoor.
I started stroking myself as Kyle began speeding up. The force of his thrusts caused her butt and thighs to jiggle. She pushed her torso up off the couch (and Andrew's naked crotch) and slammed her body back against Kyle to meet his thrusts, her pendulous tits swinging wildly with each thrust.
"The slut loves it!" Mike cackled, then saw me stroking myself. "And so does her sissy boy. Oh my god this is amazing."
"Fuck you, Mike," she panted.
"You will soon, don't worry," he chuckled. That just made her thrust against Kyle harder. His eyes widened in shock and fear.
"Oh fuck," Kyle said. "I'm gonna-"
"No you DON'T," Mike shouted. "Not inside her, my dick's still going in there and I don't wanna touch your sperm."
"What do I..." he murmured, his grip on reality leaving him as my girlfriend's rectum milked him violently. "Where do I..."
"Just not in there!" Mike shouted, grabbing Kyle by the shoulders and pulling him out of Rachel right as he started cumming. His first rope of cum splattered across her back. He stumbled back, losing his balance as his orgasm froze his brain, and turned slightly toward me. His second, much bigger, rope of cum hit me directly in the chest, splattering me from the base of my neck to the base of my dick.
"Oh my god!" Mike squealed, laughing and pointing at me. Kyle fell to the floor, his dick still lurching, spraying the rest of its load all over his own chest.
"What the fuck happened?!" Rachel shouted, thrusting her now empty ass back at the air where Kyle used to stand, her sphincter squeezing open and close in vain. She turned her head and saw me covered in cum. "Did you cum again, Brian?!"
Burning with shame I grabbed the nearest shirt and wiped Kyle's cum off my body.
"No," Mike said between fits of giggles. "Kyle shot him with his load!"
Rachel looked at Kyle, spent and covered in his own cum, then back to me as I struggled to wipe the massive trail of his seed from my naked body. She moaned and I saw her vagina spray a tiny jet of juice onto the floor behind her.
"Oh man, that was too perfect," Mike said, wiping tears of laughter from his eyes. "Ok, now it's my turn."
"What about me?" Andrew asked. We all looked to him. I'm sure I wasn't the only one that had almost forgotten him. Rachel stared at his hard, pulsing dick right in front of her face.
"I'm sorry, Andrew," she said. "I'm already pretty sore from that and I don't think I could handle another one and then Mike."
Andrew's face fell. He was crushed to not be able to fuck my gorgeous girlfriend's incredible ass. Who could blame him?
"But I meant what I said earlier," she said. "Andrew, Mike, Kyle. My asshole belongs to you now. I thought I'd like anal sex, and now I know I love it, so please, I hope you guys use it as often as it can handle. And you'll get first dibs on it whenever it's recovered from today, Andrew, I promise. But right now, I need Mike to cram his horse cock inside there as soon as possible. Is that okay?" She leant down and kissed the head of his dick. "Is it?" She licked him from balls to slit. "I promise I'll make it up to you." She opened her mouth wide and stuffed both of his balls into her mouth, humming and rolling them around with her tongue. He moaned out a breathy affirmative.
I was crushed. She was serious. Her ass no longer belonged to me. It didn't even belong to her anymore. It belonged to my three friends to use and abuse whenever they wanted to. Judging by the look on Kyle's face (eyes half-closed and mouth half-open as he struggled to recover from his massive orgasm), they were going to want to fuck her ass whenever they saw it sashay past them. I guess I should be glad I still had sole claim to her pussy, but I could hardly say I was happy, no matter how hard my dick currently was or how much it yearned to explode like Kyle's just had.
Mike walked up behind Rachel and rubbed her pussy, coating his hand in her juices before transferring them to his dick. She looked back at his dick and fear filled her eyes.
"Holy shit," she said. "I don't think I'm ready for this."
"You promised it would fit," he said. "So we're gonna make it fit."
She just bit her lip trembled. Once his dick was adequately covered with her fuck juices, he pressed the head against her hole, which was still open slightly from Kyle. Then pulled back.
"I don't think you want it," he said.
"Shut the fuck up and jam it in there, you shit," she screamed. Mike smirked and did so. At least tried to. Even with all the foreplay, his massive dickhead just pressed against her naked backside like there wasn't even a hole there. After pressing for a moment, he stepped back, readjusted his angle, and pushed into her again. She pushed back, but no matter their straining, he didn't budge.
"Fuck," Mike whispered to himself as he stepped back again. I could see the disappointment washing over him.
"Hey, what happened?" Rachel asked.
"I told you," Mike said. "It won't fit."
"We're not giving up that easily," she said. "I have an idea." She pushed herself off Andrew's lap and stood next to Mike. She grabbed his massive hardon and stroked it. "You said it needs to humiliate Brian, right? That that's the way to make it work?"
"It was just a guess," Mike said. "To get you to loosen up. But it's no use."
"Bullshit," she said. I had to admire her tenacity, even if it was to assfuck my friend's massive dick. "We just need to try a different position. Being bent over the couch with Andrew's dick in my face was pretty humiliating at first, but it's just surface level humiliation for Brian, y'know?"
"What do you mean?" Mike asked.
"Sure he had to watch his girlfriend get stuffed from both ends, but that's just sex. A little extreme, sure, but plenty of couples do it. And I could always assume one of them was Brian," she said.
"So what do you suggest?" Mike asked. I trembled, not wanting to know. It couldn't be good.
"How about I lay down on my back," she said, laying back on the couch, shooing Andrew out of the way. "And you can enter me like this." She grabbed her knees and pulled them to her chest, her pussy and asshole spread wide in front of us. "That way," she continued. "I'd have to either stare into your eyes and watch how your life changes as I become the first girl to ever accept your fucking incredible dick... or watch your incredible dick as splits me open. Either way, it'll be way more intimate than having me bury my face in the couch."
"...and that'll humiliate Brian," Mike finished for her.
"Uhhh, yeah. Brian," she said, glancing over at me.
"Works for me," Mike said, bounding over the armrest and kneeling in front of her presented asshole.
"Anything I can do?" Andrew asked.
"Aww, sweet Andrew," Rachel said, smiling at him. "You can suck on my tits. That'll help keep me really horny."
"And humiliate Brian," Mike said, smirking at me. I was really growing to loathe that smirk.
"Can I play with your tits too?" I asked. I felt ridiculous asking my own girlfriend in front of my friends if I could touch her breasts.
"I don't know," Rachel said as Andrew leant over and took one of her hard nipples into his mouth. Mike rubbed her pussy and smeared more of her juices on his dick. "That wouldn't be as humiliating for you, would it?"
"No, I guess not," I said, blushing.
"And we really need you as humiliated as possible," she said. "Or this won't work."
I didn't say anything. Mike leant forward and pressed his dick against her hole once again. Still nothing. He sat back on his haunches, sweating profusely.
"I don't think it's gonna fit," Mike said.
"It has to," Rachel said.
"I don't know what else to do," he said. "Is there anything else that turns you on? Anything really dirty that you don't want to admit?"
Rachel thought for a second and then blushed. She looked at me, then at Andrew, then bit her lip.
"I can tell you thought of something," Mike said.
"I did," she said, continuing to blush profusely. "But, oh my God." She covered her face with her hands.
"What is it?" Mike demanded. I wondered what it could be. Here she was, surrounded by four horny naked guys, all trying to fuck her asshole. How much worse could it get?
"Well, okay," she said, seeming to make up her mind. "I've always found gay porn really hot."
"Should we play some for you?" Mike asked. "I could get my computer."
"That would be ok," she said. "But what would be way better would be..." She trailed off and looked at me, eyes both pleading and full of shame. "Babe, would you make out with Andrew a little?"
To say I was stunned was king of understatements. "What do you mean, make out with Andrew?" I asked, hoping I'd confused something.
I could see the shame burning her face as she lowered her hands to her tits and gripped them, letting out a soft moan. "Oops," she murmured, dropping her hands back to her waist. I had to admit, despite literally everything else about this situation, I was glad she was feeling at least some of the humiliation I'd been overwhelmed with the past couple days.
"I just mean that it'd turn me on so fucking much if you two would just like, I don't know... kiss and touch each other some?" she said.
"You can't be serious," I said.
"Come on," she pleaded. "It's just some kissing. I know you men have all this shit built up about displaying affection toward one another. But it's just a kiss. Plus, I've seen the way you've been staring at his dick all day."
"That's not true!" I shouted. But I couldn't help thinking back to all the times I'd looked at his dick today. Wondered out it felt. Thought about touching it.
Then I thought, Andrew. Andrew will save me from this. I looked at him.
"Why aren't you saying anything?" I asked him.
"It's just kissing," he said with a shrug.
"But... but we're both guys!" I sputtered.
"If that makes a difference to you," he said. "I don't have all those hangups. We're just two people."
I shook my head. "I... I can't," I said.
"Hey," Andrew said softly, stepping to me and putting a soft hand on my shoulder. "We're friends, right? Have been for a long time?"
I looked up into his eyes. They were deep, dark and I quickly drowned in them. I nodded.
"And have I ever done anything to hurt you?"
I shook my head.
"Then trust me with this, ok? We're all trying to help Mike. Prove to him that sexual intimacy isn't impossible. I'm more than willing to make out with you to help that happen. Rachel agreed to have a fucking tree trunk shoved up her ass to make that happen. You sure you can't accept a little kiss to do your part?"
I stood there dumbfounded. I didn't know how this suddenly all got turned on me. Like I was the asshole. But here I was, believing I was being ridiculous, while lost in Andrew's gorgeous eyes and soft, lilting voice.
"It'll be okay," Andrew cooed, then stepped closer, leaning in for the kiss. I stood still, waiting for it, when I felt him something touch my crotch. I looked down and saw his rock-hard dick pressing against my pubic bone, its shaft rubbing against mine.
I jumped back, but Andrew's hands grabbed my shoulders and held me in place. He whispered again that it was okay and shushed me. I looked over at Rachel. She lay on the couch completely naked and covered in sweat, her mouth hung open and eyes half-closed watching us. Her hand rubbed her clit slowly. Mike hovered above her, his erection towering over her spread thighs.
"Hey," Andrew said, turning my face back to his. "Stay on me. We're naked, and that's fine, and we're gonna kiss, and that's no big deal, ok?"
I gulped and managed to give a tiny nod. He smiled for an instant, then stepped forward and leaned in.
The first thing I felt was his dick once again touch mine, but this time I didn't flinch. An instant later, his lips were against mine. I thought kissing a guy would be all aggressive and hard-edged, but his lips were soft and his kiss was tender. He kissed me once, then pulled back and looked at me. Then kissed me again.
His third kiss was the first I returned. He gasped and stepped into me. His hard dick folded up against my body and mine did against his. He held my body tight against his as we continued kissing. Kissing him wasn't all that different from kissing a girl, I realized. Sure, he smelled different, and his body was a little firmer and I could feel his stubble as our kisses got sloppier. And I could feel the heat from his hard dick as he pressed it against me...
I moaned. He took that as an invitation and dove his tongue in my open mouth. I wrestled it with my own tongue as electricity shot to my cock. I could feel him start to thrust his hips back and forth, dragging his dick up and down against my lower abdomen and I started to do the same to him. We were both warm and covered with a sheen of sweat, and thrusting my dick between our bodies and against his quivering shaft felt divine.
"Oh my god," I barely heard Rachel moan. Then she shouted, much louder, "Oh my GOD!!" I looked to the couch. Mike had Rachel's knees pinned up behind her head, the massive head of his massive dick disappearing between her spread cheeks. He was in, I thought. Mike's massive dick had finally invaded my girlfriend's anal cavity.
Mike screamed, equal parts shock, joy and extreme pleasure, as he pushed down and another two inches disappeared into my girlfriend's body.
"Hey," Andrew said again, turning my face to face his once more. "Stay on me, ok?" Before I could respond, he grabbed the back of my head and drew me in, kissing me again, and I gladly welcomed his tongue back into my mouth, moaning and massaging it with my own. I could hear Mike and Rachel grunting and moaning, but none of that mattered as Andrew grabbed my ass with his other hand thrust his dick harder still into my crotch.
"FUCK!!" Mike screamed. That shocked Andrew and I out of our reverie and we looked over. Mike was maybe halfway inside Rachel, but that was all.
"I'm sorry!" Rachel sobbed.
"What... what happened?" I asked, slow to come back to my senses. I could still feel Andrew's hot, wet, hard dick twitching against my own and it was making my heart race.
"I can't," Rachel gasped, grunting in pain. "It can't go any farther."
"Goddammit!" Mike shouted. "That's not even halfway!" He stared down at his massive dick, still partly inside Rachel's anal passage, though even keeping it that far in was clearly putting her in a lot of pain.
I don't know exactly what compelled me to do what I did next. I want to say it was because I wanted to help out my "friend" Mike. I would have reluctantly admitted that it was because I'd spent the past few days being the prude and knew what would turn Rachel on. I may even admit that it was because Andrew had been so kind and gentle with me during this and I wanted to reward him. But when I really think about it and am honest with myself, I know it was because the idea that this strong, confident man was brimming with sexual desire for me was driving my lust to untold heights and I needed to push it further.
"Rachel," I said calmly. She looked over to me, eyes filled with tears. "Would it help if I got Andrew off?" I reached down and grabbed his erection. He gasped. It felt scorching hot in my hand. Its center was hard as steel, but the outside was soft as velvet. "Would it help if I made him cum?"
"Ohhhh my godddd," Rachel moaned, watching my hand fist his cock. Mike, for his part, saw his opening and moved one hand to her clit, rubbing it in earnest. She moaned again and I saw a small stream of her juices spray out of her vagina, all over his dick. She groaned deeply as he pressed, sliding a few more inches inside her.
I grabbed Andrew's balls with my free hand, fondling them. He moaned and his knees buckled. I guided him to the coffee table in front of the couch and he sat down. I knelt down in front of him, between his spread thighs, and kept jacking him. I stared at the eye of his red cockhead as I jacked it right in front of my face. The musty smell of his manhood lit up my nervous system like a drug. I felt the compulsion to kiss it, put my mouth on it, taste it. Taste him. But I held back.
"Brian," Rachel moaned next to me. I looked over at her. Mike was mostly inside her now, only a few inches stood waiting outside her sphincter. "What are you doing?"
"This is for you, babe," I said, winking. I looked up at Andrew. "You gonna cum on me or not, big guy?"
"Mmmmmmm... fuuuuuuuuUUUUCK!" Andrew groaned. I felt his dick start to pulse, and I aimed his dick at my chest and mentally readied myself for what was coming. Another two pulses, and the first jet of his cum shot from his dick and splattered on my chest. It felt as hot as lava, and had barely cooled off before the second, bigger shot sprayed me. I heard Rachel moan beside me, a deep, guttural moan I'd never heard before. Then Mike screamed with glee. I looked over and saw his thighs pressing against her asscheeks, the entirety of his dick nowhere to be seen.
He'd done it. We'd done it, really. His entire gigantic dick was now somehow wedged completely inside my girlfriend's voluptuous body. I felt Andrew's last few spurts hit my chest as Mike pulled his dick out to its crown, then plunged it back in a single smooth stroke. Andrew pushed my hand away from his now oversensitive dick, but I wasn't ready to let it go, so I reached down and fondled his balls as we watched the show on the couch next to us.
Mike didn't waste any time after he'd finally gotten his full dick inside a woman. He slammed his cock in and out of my girlfriend's ass, his thighs making a loud slap against her cheeks with each thrust. Rachel, meanwhile, was cursing Mike, me, Andrew, Kyle, God, and any other name she could form in between grunts and moans. Mike was busy using both hands to pin her knees against the couch next to her ears, so she grabbed a tit in one hand and mauled her clit with the other while he plundered her ass to an impossible depth.
Mike's first time sticking his dick in a woman didn't last long. He screamed that he was going to cum, and that sent Rachel over the top too. He plunged himself completely inside her, and I watched as his butt flexed as he shot load after load deep inside my girlfriend. Rachel's eyes rolled back into her head and she shrieked as her vagina exploded, splattering Mike's belly with a huge splash of her juices as she hit her climax.
And then it was all over. Mike slumped forward on top of Rachel, resting his cheek against her heaving chest, his mouth an inch from her still-hard nipple. She moaned and wrapped her arms and legs around him, pressing her large, soft breasts against his head. He flicked his tongue out and licked the nearest nipple and she giggled.
"I've gotta clean up," I said, staggering to my feet. I saw Kyle sitting on the floor next to the couch, covered with a fresh batch of cum. He must have jerked off watching the rest of us, I thought.
"Can you get us a towel too?" Mike asked. "I'm gonna have to pull out at some point, and I don't want to make a mess of the couch."
I nodded and headed into the hall. I opened the linen closet and grabbed a couple old-looking towels. I was about to use one to wipe Andrew's cum off my chest, but then threw it back into the closet. I kind of liked having his seed splattered across my chest. I returned with the one towel.
"Put it on the ground," he directed me, pointing at the front of the couch. I laid it down where he said, and he stepped off the couch, shifting Rachel's body with him so he could stay inside her. When he was standing over the towel, holding her ass over the same, he finally pulled his softening dick out. His semen spilled out of her asshole, which had been stretched so wide it was not ready to close up yet. The massive load splatted onto the towel on the floor.
I suddenly felt the need to get out of there. They'd all cum, but I hadn't, and I wanted some time to jerk off in peace without them watching and judging me. I mumbled something about taking a shower and went upstairs. I started the shower and waited in the bathroom for it to get warm, when the door opened behind me. I turned around to see Andrew standing there, naked and beautiful.
"Need a hand?" he asked.
I smiled.