We were finally away for a few days, all to ourselves. It had been a bit too long since Sandra and I had been away, in a posh hotel room, with a perfect beach view. Between jobs and moving into a new house, life had seemed to roll over the top of both of us.
We checked into our hotel and practically ran to the room. The one thing about tropical paradises, it was hot getting to them, but worth every drop of sweat. As we stepped into the room the rush of cool air was as refreshing as falling into a swimming pool.
"I must have a shower and a nap," came Sandra's demand. She started stripping off her sweat-streaked clothing before the hotel door was even completely closed. I don't think I have ever met a woman who was as comfortable in her own skin as Sandra. This was one of the many reasons I loved her, and lusted after her regularly.
Sandra had always had and still did have the nicest tits you could want. They possessed a natural roundness that was kept firm with regular weight lifting. They were beautiful to look at and better to suck on. Her nipples were the crowning glory. They stood out provocatively with the slightest stimulation. Fortunately, handling them and sucking on them would practically make her cum in and of it self, as I liked to do this all the time. The rest of her body was equally delicious. Long, thick sandy blonde hair that fell to the middle of her back drawing your eyes to her runner's tight ass and sculpted legs. No matter what her weight, my hands always fit around her waist as she possessed that hour-glass figure many women can only dream of.
I threw the bags on the little stand in the closet area and opened them to find the toiletries. I uncovered Sandra's little packed-away secret she did not tell me she was bringing.... her favorite dilido with lube and the ass vibrator that she so loved. As always my lady had a very interesting agenda in mind.
I took the toiletries into the bath wanting to cop a quick feel after dropping off the toiletries. She was arranging the towels and getting ready to jump in the shower. I came up behind her and grabbed her tits from behind, squeezing and massaging her nipples while biting her neck ever so lightly.
"Umm, you know I love that. It makes me wet when you do it. I was hoping after a little rest, we could break in the hotel room properly."
"My thoughts exactly."
I let her go and with a smack on the ass, and watched her get into the shower. Ever the tease, she turned and let the water run all down her body before slowly closing the curtain.
"Tease," I jested.
"It's only a tease if you don't deliver," she quipped back.
I stripped of to my underwear and flopped down on the bed. The ocean view was perfect as we were on the 3rd floor and there was a huge floor-to-ceiling window to gaze out of. There was not much of a patio, but a table and chairs sat right next to the window. All you had to do to invite the outside in was open the huge sliding door. I was thinking how great this was going to be as I drifted off to sleep.
I awoke to a warm hand on my mostly erect cock. Wet hair then brushed my stomach as a hot, inviting mouth engulfed my now completely erect cock. Sandra's hands roved up my stomach and on to my chest the whole while her expert mouth worked my cock. I was motionless with pleasure. She gripped my chest and worked her mouth up and down my shaft. She removed her mouth to blow onto my rigid member, then sucked the sensitive side of my shaft from base to tip. She then turned and plunged my throbbing cock into her throat again. She did this and variations of till I writhed in the bed. I finally found the ability to move and gripped her hair with both hands as I began to fuck her mouth. By the hair of her head, I pulled her mouth almost completely off my cock, then sank my tool back down her throat. Her saliva ran down the sides of my cock as I worked her mouth the way I wanted it. I couldn't hold back any longer; I drove my cock into her mouth as deeply as I could. She held the base of my shaft and squeezed in perfect rhythm as she could feel my excitement mounting.
"Oh baby, suck me, lick my cock. I'm gonna come down your throat!"
She squeezed and lapped her tongue against my shaft in response.
I cried out as I shot my load down her throat. As always, she swallowed every drop, licking anything she missed so to leave me perfectly clean.
"Oh my god that is the perfect way to wake from a nap," I told her panting.
"I thought it would be an excellent end to a nap, yes," was her coy reply.
She rolled over on her back still licking her lips clean. "MMMMmmm, I love the way you taste."
"I think turn about is fair play, don't you think?" I asked.
Sandra looked over and smiled her approval.
"I need to get something first," I said.
I went over to the bags and dug around for her dildo and ass vibe.
"I am guessing you found my extra travel essentials?"
"Yes, I thought we should make use of everything we brought with us," I replied as I turned and held up her playthings.
"Oh very nice..." she cooed.
I walked over to the bed looking down at her fantastic body wondering where to start first. She already had a breast in each hand, pulling at the nipples and gripping her tits. The one thing I love more than anything is to watch her come. I have yet to meet a woman who gives over so completely to an orgasm. It is the most sexual thing I have ever watched.
I got down on the bed between her legs and set the toys aside. I started by letting my hands wash over her entire body, exploring every crevasse, every curve. I squeezed her round, D sized tits and then attacked them with my mouth. I sucked and licked those nipples until they stuck out almost half an inch. Little bites made them even more erect. By now, Sandra was panting and gripping my shoulders, and arching her back to meet my mouth.
I started down toward her stomach stopping along the way to suck at the under side of her tits. I squeezed her boobs together and licked back and forth nipple to nipple. Sandra was panting how good that felt and as I looked up, I found her watching me with the look of lust in her eyes that drove me crazy.
"I know it will be amazing when you get to my pussy," she said.
I can take a hint, even though I know she wouldn't care how long it took to get to her nether regions.
I started back to kissing her stomach and working my way down. Her perfectly shaved pussy beckoned to me. She always smelled so fucking amazing, and she was always so wet. I plunged my tongue into her snatch, catching her by surprise and making her gasp. She again had a tit in each hand and was working them back and forth, keeping her nipple complete erect.
I licked her side to side letting my tongue fall into each fold of her wet cunt. Her lips were already swollen and her excitement oozed down the crack of her ass. I used my thumb to massage her clit as I licked her wetness and fucked her with my tongue. Her pleasure was obvious as she began to buck against my mouth and cry out. Her hands now found my head and pressed there as I came across more pleasurable areas. Her nipples stayed hard all on their own. All I could think of was how it would feel to sink my cock into her, but that would be later.
I stopped all I was doing for just a moment to get the dildo lubed up. She murmured her disappointment until she saw what I was doing. Sandra loved all things sexual and me eating her while fucking her with a dildo was always welcomed. I'd fuck her with my cock in a while. I wanted her wet and hungry when I did that.
I let my tongue warm her up again and distract her. I liked how it surprised her when I sank the dildo in when she wasn't expecting it. She always cried out and writhed around. It was beautiful.
She was arching her hips and meeting my mouth at every lick. I switched from my mouth to the dildo, and was greeted with that perfect gasp of surprise. I worked her with the dildo and sucked her clit with my mouth. My other hand kept her nipples entertained. Sandra was now crying out regularly, her blonde hair a total mess as she bucked against the play cock inside of her and pressed her clit to my mouth. She was close and I knew it. I held her hips down with my hand and fucked her with the dildo deeper and faster. Her moans were wild and regular and she fought against my arm as I held her, almost requiring her to submit to my ministrations.
"Oh fuck, Alex, I'm gonna come in your mouth! I can't help it, I have to come, please don't stop!!"
To that I just worked her harder.
Her hips bucked violently and I felt her pussy almost squeeze the dildo completely out as she yelled out with her orgasm. I managed to keep my mouth on her clit and keep sucking even though it was a true rodeo. Her hands were now tangled in my hair, gripping and pulling my face to her cunt.
Finally, she couldn't take any more and she pulled my face away from dripping hole, panting about it being too much.
I removed the dildo from her and set it aside. She was motionless on the bed, breathing and trying to be able to move again.
"Oh you are not done yet," I reminded her.
"How are you gonna fuck me now? Are you gonna use your cock on me? Or do I get to suck you off again?"
"Oh my cock needs a wet come-soaked home this time, baby," was my reply.
I picked her legs up and placed them over my shoulders and placed the head of my swollen, stiff cock at the entrance of her wet hole. Sandra was staring at me with those eyes that told me to fuck her and fuck her good and I had every intention of obliging her.
With one motion I sank all of my large girth and 7.5 inches into her waiting cunt. As always, Sandra called out as my cock found its home buried so deeply inside her. I pulled out and sank it in again to the same response from Sandra. She was an animal when she was in the throws of passion.
I held her thighs to my chest as my hips thrust my pole in and out of her glistening pusssy. She moaned with each thrust and flexed up to meet my entrance.
"Get on your knees so I can fuck you from behind," I stated. As always she obeyed promptly with only a little whimper when I took my cock from her cunt. She turned over and I grabbed her hips, pulling her ass toward me.
"Both holes need something in them," I told her. I lubed up the ass vibe as she rubbed her waiting ass against my cock. I pulled back and let my erect member slide around on her pussy lips as I lubed the ass vibe. I spanked her on the ass and told her to be still. With the head of my pole against her cunt and the vibe at her ass's door, I sunk both in at the same time. My thumb held the vibe in as I began to slowly slide my tool in and out of her. She stayed still as I told her but continued to moan and cry out every time I sunk into her. I found the vibe's control and turned it on, a little at first, then ¾'s of the way. The vibration thru her ass to my cock is always fantastic. I rocked in and out of her pussy a little faster. The faster I got, the higher the vibrator's settings. Sandra was uncontrollable now; she fought against my hands and rocked back on to my cock at every stroke. I leaned over so the vibe would stay in her perfect ass, and grabbed her hair to control her wild fucking. With the vibe all the way on and Sandra going crazy, I used her hair to control her and fuck her with abandon. I was close to finishing and she knew it. She started clenching her pussy muscles and clamping down on my cock as I pulled back out of her, stoking my pole with her snatch. She loosened up just before the end and as I thrust back in, she would clamp down again.
That always did it for me.
I let go of her hair and grabbed her hips with both hands to sink my rock hard shaft as deeply into her pussy as I could. I shot my load far up into her wet, dripping cunt. Her moans and cries always heightened my orgasm.
We collapsed on the bed, me on top of her with my tool still inside her and the vibe still going strong. It took us a while to recover and I then rolled off of Sandra.
"That was the perfect start to our little vacation," she told me.
I agreed whole-heartedly.
We decided at that time to get something to eat and something to drink. After all, we were on vacation.
The hotel had a wonderful bar and the food was surprisingly good. We sat at a table near the beach and listened to the waves. It was perfectly relaxing; of course, the margaritas were enhancing the whole atmosphere, I'm sure.
"Hey look," Sandra said, "You can see our hotel room, just barely, from here."
Unthinking, we had left the curtains open and the bathroom light was still on. You could just make out the room with the backlight of the bathroom light.
I don't know if it was the 'ritas or what, but Sandra looked at me with a devilish grin and an evil glint in her eye and said, "Don't you want to press me up against that window and fuck me?"
Now that was an idea that had not crossed my mind just yet. As soon as she said that, all I could envision was having her tits smashed up against the window while I gave it to her from behind. Thinking she was just teasing, I replied, "You really think you are game? People could see us if they looked. Is there a hidden exhibitionist in you I was unaware of?" I really hoped there was.
"Let's have another drink and then go back to the room and find out," was Sandra's returning challenge.
Needless to say, I quickly ordered another round, tipped the bartender extra so the drinks would be good and sat back to try and act uninterested. I think I failed at that since I kept glancing at the window. Sandra caught me looking up there almost every time. She only smiled, not needing to say anything else.
Once the last round of really strong drinks were done, Sandra looked over the table and in her best attempt to not slur her words, "We should go backkk, now, Don't yooou think?" After which she smoothed some of the salt off the glass and sucked it off her finger. "I need dess-sert."
I got up and helped her to her feet, her leading the way with a surprisingly steady gait.
Once in the room, she began to undress me. I tried to help but she only slapped my hand playfully away.
"My turn," she said as she ran her hand up and down my shaft and balls before making her way to unbutton my shorts. She let the shorts fall to the floor and made me step out of them. Next she slowly began to push my shirt up, kissing and biting me on my stomach, then my chest. She was driving me crazy. Every time I relaxed, she would give me a nip that made my blood boil. I kept trying to hold on to her, or kiss her back and she just kept asserting that she would decide when I got to touch her.
She drives me nuts.
Once she had my shirt off, she shoved me on to the bed so that I sat down on the edge. Sandra backed off and began to undress. I knew from our view at dinner that anyone who looked would get a wonderful silhouette of her body and it would be obvious what was going on. She kept her distance and performed the sexiest strip tease ever. The button-up shirt was opened and her bra-less tits, round and perfect, stood there for me to look at. I got up to fondle her but she roughly pushed me back on to the bed.
"Not yet," was her only warning. The throbbing, rock hard erection I had was making me impatient.
"If you can't sit there and wait, you can play with yourself. I'll get to you in just a bit," she stated. Not wishing to disappoint, I took my under shorts off and began to stroke my tool, hoping it would drive her nuts too...it usually did.
"Oh, I like that, baby, watching you stroke yourself, I won't wait much longer before I work on that gorgeous shaft."
Sandra turned a chair around from the desk, sat down with her legs spread wide and began to slowly drag her fingers across her already dripping pussy.
"Would you like a play toy, baby?" I asked thinking she would want her dildo.
"I will get to your cock in just a bit. I want my cunt ready for you to slide all the way in," was her breathy reply.
Sandra began to really stroke her lips, spreading her wetness all over her swollen hole. She worked on her button, making certain it was good and lubed with her juice. I sat on the bed and watched, stroking myself the whole time. I didn't want to get too excited because I wanted that pussy more than ever.
Sandra leaned back on the chair and really began to work her juicy slit. She spread her lips with one hand while her fingers worked her pussy even more. Her fingers slid in and out of wet opening, then up to her erect clit, then back again. Her pace quickened and her moans became intense. She was close to coming and then I knew I would have what I wanted.
Watching her pleasure herself was one of the greatest things I ever get to watch. Sandra gets off with full abandon and she wouldn't care who was there. She began to work her clit back and forth and then up and down, moaning and bucking her hips more and more.
"Oh baby, FUCK, I'm gonna come!" With that she yelled out and clenched her ass in a beautiful orgasm. Her nipples were rock hard and her cunt swollen and wet. I couldn't wait to sink into her. Little did I know I had to wait for a longer still.
Once recovered, she stood up, the pussy juice running down her leg, and walked over to me, sticking her wet fingers in my mouth.
"Do you like my taste?"
I eagerly licked her fingers clean murmuring yes somewhere in the middle.
"Get up and come here," she said.
I followed, a little taken aback by her commanding way. I wasn't complaining, I thought it was hot.
She stood us right in front of the window. I glanced down and saw a couple people already watching. Being observant was going to pay off for a few this evening.
She knelt down and instantly engulfed my entire cock into her mouth and throat. I cried out at the shock. She usually started slowly. Tonight was different is several ways.
Sandra grabbed my hips, and worked my cock in and out of her mouth. She obviously had her own ideas of how to suck me this evening. As her mouth worked my tool, she gripped my ass with her hands and made little forays to the base of my pole to squeeze and work in unison with her mouth. Despite my best efforts, I began to get close to coming. Sandra instantly removed her mouth from my cock. She stood up, looked my dead in the eyes and said, "Force me up against the window and fuck me so everyone who wants to watch can see."
I obeyed.waist and thrust her against the window. Her tits were smashed there just like I had imagined earlier. I rubbed her tits against the window, spread her legs while positioning myself to enter her.
"Look down there and see who's watching me fuck you, baby. Tell me how many lucky people you see watching us."
Her breath was coming in rasps and catches in her throat.
"I see 4 people watching, they are sitting in chairs around a table."
"Do you think we should give them a show?"
"Yes, fuck me how you want, make me suck you again, whatever you want let's give them a good show."
Her confidence and desire to be watched, naked, thrust against the exposed window sent me into a veritable frenzy. I pulled her off the window for a moment, bent her over the table there by the window, and thrust my pulsing, rock hard tool into her dripping snatch. At that point I grabbed her hair and began to really fuck her. She was crazy for it, hanging on the table, egging me on.
"Yes, baby, fuck me, make it obvious what you are doing to me. I love it that there are people watching us."
Knowing people were watching me give it to my wife in broad view was so exhilarating. To maintain control I pulled out and turned her around, guiding her mouth down to my cock so she could lick it clean again. She expertly licked and sucked every drop of her juice off my throbbing member. I held her head and fucked her mouth for a bit taking time to slow down.
Knowing I would not last much longer, I pulled her up again and turned her around, almost throwing her up against the window.
"Oh yeah baby, do me while I'm on the window. They can all see my tits, and see you sliding into me."
I couldn't take it anymore. With Sandra pressed to the window, I entered her from behind. I thrust deeply inside of her, giving into the animal nature and biting her on the neck and shoulders. Each thrust pressed her more closley against the window.
"They are all watching you fuck me."
Oh god, she was loving this and so was I. I was loosing my control and did not care. I kept sinking my tool into her and in a final fit, drew all the way out and thrust all the way into her in one motion, shooting my huge load into her depths as I hit bottom.
Her screams matched my moans, as we stood, with Sandra smashed against the window. Trying to regain some composure, I looked over her shoulder and saw a small crowd watching our spectacle. It was the hottest thing I have ever done.
As we peeled ourselves off the window, we fell to the bed.
"We should have sex in front of people more often, that was fucking hot," Sandra said.
I totally agree. We will have to work on that.