I'd caught them by chance one morning. Running late to the gym, I'd sped through the parking lot and spotted a couple illuminated by my headlights. Locked in passionate embrace, they didn't notice me watching them from my car, parked across the aisle.
They'd kissed, hands roaming and grabbing at each other. Finally, he'd pulled away, then turned her around abruptly and lifted her dress, revealing her panty-covered ass. Sinking into a squat behind her, he'd kissed her cheeks while her laughter rang out through the parking lot. They'd kissed again before getting into their own vehicles and driving away. Curious.
I watch for them over the next few days. They meet here every morning. Most days, he gets here first, parks his truck and waits. She pulls up a few minutes later, a huge smile on her face. They climb into his backseat and spend twenty or thirty minutes together. They're always disheveled and grinning like idiots when they climb out again. They kiss for another few minutes, then go their separate ways.
I have so many questions, but mostly I just want a closer look.
Feeling particularly brave one day, I park in a different spot so my walk into the gym will take me right by his truck. Closing the door quietly, I creep closer. I can't see her, but he's facing me so I slip around the back so I can peer into the rear passenger window.
Holy shit. I grip my gym bag and swallow hard. She's laying back on the seat, her blonde hair fanned out around her, her tits hanging out of her tank top. They're spectacular; big, white globes tipped with sweet, pink nipples I'm suddenly longing to get between my teeth. He's kneeling between her open legs, his mouth latched onto her pussy. I watch, fascinated, as her hips buck off the seat and I hear her scream of ecstasy before she slaps a hand over her mouth. He looks up at her and she shakes her head quickly. He lowers his head to her pussy again and she thrusts her fingers into his hair. I smirk, sure he's just asked her if she wants him to stop. I wish I could see a little more of her.
As if I'd voiced the thought aloud, he moves and I'm treated to a wonderful view of her bald, dripping pussy. Holy shit, she's wet. I can practically see her swollen clit pulsing. He moves again and his ass fills the window. I jump back. Jesus. She reaches for him as he covers her body. I watch him thrust his hips, imagining his cock slipping inside her.
I walk away, a plan taking shape in my mind.
It goes on like this for weeks. Some days, I stay in my car. Others, I venture close enough to watch. They are not shy with each other and I wonder how long they've been together. She is obviously in love with him, hanging on his every word with starry eyes and pink cheeks. He's a little harder to read, but clearly cares about her... although one day, I watch her cry in her car after he's driven away. I wait for him to come back, but he must not have seen her. I want to comfort her, but she pulls herself together quickly and drives away before I can work up the nerve to get out of my car.
I decide to put my plan into action.
The next day, I watch him park, then pull up beside him. He glances at me, frowns, then looks away. I get out of my car and tap on his window. He shifts nervously and I wonder if he's got a gun. I hold up both my hands and he cracks the window cautiously.
"Yeah?"
"Meeting your girl?"
His eyes widen and he glances around.
I chuckle. "Hey, It's cool. It's okay."
He chokes a little. "It's definitely not okay."
"I've been watching for a few weeks. No one else has noticed. I'd have seen them."
He slides a hand down his face.
"Brother, I'm telling you, it's cool." I glance at his wedding ring. "So, not your wife, huh? I wondered."
He stares at me, stone-faced.
"She somebody's wife, though?"
I see him clench and unclench his jaw, but he doesn't answer.
"Damn. Hey, I'm not telling anyone. I just want in on the action."
He snorts. "Oh, no. She definitely won't go for that."
I raise my eyebrows at him. "I've seen the way she sucks your cock. I'm pretty sure she'd be into it."
He tries, and fails, to suppress a grin. "She's pretty incredible." He shakes his head. "But young. Inexperienced. It would freak her out."
I narrow my eyes at him. "How young?"
"Jesus, in her thirties! Not that young, but she's not... She's only been with a couple other guys."
I'm intrigued, but don't press the issue. "I wasn't talking about joining in, anyway. I just want to watch." For now, anyway. I'm careful not to voice the last part.
He glances at the time. "She'll be here soon."
Interesting. He hasn't said no. I smirk. "Make her suck you off again today."
He grins. "I don't have to make her do anything. She begs for it."
"I bet she does." I turn and get back into my car, pulling across the lanes so I'm at a safer distance. I've just killed my lights when her car comes around the corner and pulls into the space beside him.
She throws it in park and climbs out quickly, smiling broadly into his passenger window. I see him motion for the backseat and she nods, scrambling for the door.
I watch her slide across the seat and pull her sweater over her head. He gets out and walks around the front of the truck, nodding slightly in my direction. Bingo.
I wait until the door closes behind him and pull my car closer again. Closing the door quietly behind me, I creep toward the rear of the truck. They are already wrapped around each other, kissing passionately.
She moves, but keeps kissing his neck while he shifts around. He must be opening his pants. She smiles and kisses her way down his chest, then slides off the seat, her head disappearing into his lap. I move closer.
She is holding his stiff rod, licking sticky precum from the tip. Keeping her gaze on his face, she sucks him into her mouth. Fuck, it's so hot.
I shift and see him jump slightly. He must have seen me. She looks up at him, concerned. Whatever he says must appease her because her eyes light up and she smiles, catching her bottom lip in her teeth.
He caresses her face sweetly before forcing her head back to his lap. She happily resumes the blow job, her pretty blonde head bobbing up and down.
She's a pro. He has to be lying about her being inexperienced. Either that, or she's lying to him about it. I can't help but wonder what it would feel like to have her soft lips wrapped around my shaft. I watch her cheeks hollow, then fill. Watch her suck him into her throat until she gags, then retreat to just the sensitive head. Watch her fondle his balls and even dip her head to lick and suck on them. A fucking professional.
He takes hold of his hard cock and starts jacking off. She's licking his balls, biting the inside of his thighs. I hear her cooing, though I can't make out the words.
I hear him swear. "Fuck, that's it, baby!" Cum hits her in the face as she's diving back onto his dick, sucking him into her wet mouth again. He grabs her hair, fucking her mouth furiously as his orgasm peaks.
He settles back into the seat, stroking her hair softly. She grins up at him from his lap, laughing as she wipes cum from her cheek, then licks it from her hand. He grabs her by the hair again, this time pulling her up to kiss her.
She responds enthusiastically, throwing her arms around his neck.
I glance at my watch, wondering if he'll return the favor, knowing they'll have to leave soon. I hear her muffled shriek and risk another look in the window. His hand is between her legs. She pushes her breast into his other hand and he kneads it roughly.
I turn and walk back to my car, shaking my head. My cock is aching in my shorts. This girl. I'm skeptical she's as innocent as he seems to believe she is. Grinning to myself, I wonder if she'll let me teach her a thing or two.