Kindly read the first part of my story to get a full context.
My office day went fairly well, with a lot of looks I got from a lot of interested people, due to the change in my clothes. Thankfully the bigger silk shirt was loose enough to fit snugly over my body and I love the way my legs looked in the pants. They gave a nice view of my tight buns, accentuating the curves. I could feel the fabric hugging my jiggling ass as I walked and loved every minute of it. It gave me a great sense of confidence in my body.
One of my colleagues suggested that my sandals don't match my attire and I should get some heels. I thought about this and planned to do it later. After a great day, I left the office to go back to my flat. As I had mentioned before, Ayush and I would share a cab in the morning but come back separate as we don't know when the other will be ready to leave.
Anyways I reached back to the flat to find it empty. While walking to my room I glanced at Ayush's door and my antics in the morning turned me on a little. Once I reached my room I took off my pants, then accidentally saw myself in the mirror. Wearing just the shirt over my inners, I looked damn hot. The silk stuck close to my body showing my curves, and it stretched around my waist as I pulled it up a bit more.
While it did cover my panties, from behind I could sense that half my ass was on display. The size of my ass caused the end of the shirt to be tight around that area, so that while half my butt was on display, the upper half of my butt was stretching the shirt quite a bit.
I really felt good looking at myself. I removed two more buttons from the top, then put on just the top button which was close to my neck and laughed when I saw the results. While the top button kept the shirt close to me, without the next the three buttons, u could clearly see my heavy cleavage, the mole right on my left breast and the bra and the shirt expanded in this area. I started to get a little wet and horny. I walked out of my room and slowly walked over to the balcony.
Our flat was on the 13th floor, and there were no buildings facing our side that tall, so I felt pretty safe but still risky. I opened the door and went out and stood after closing the door since I didn't want it to get chilly inside . The cool breeze felt amazing against my chest, filling the void where I left the buttons open and I could feel for the first time an open breeze against my ass even if only half.
The whole thought of my standing in such a slutty looking attire made me really wet down there. I began to realise I had a thing for showing off. And it helped that I had the body for it. As I thought all this, my fingers absently kept rubbing my pussy through the panties, getting it pretty soaked. I held onto the rail with my left hand, leaning against it so the cold real touched my left thigh, and vigorously started masturbating right there. I rapidly started to reach a climax with the heat of my body mixing with the breeze giving me the chills. I felt my entire body vibrate as I climaxed, it was getting easier and easier to cum. I calmed down, and turned to open the glass pane to go back in, when I saw Ayush standing inside, watching me wide eyed.
I froze for a second then realised the glass pane and the wind had drowned out the noise of him entering the flat. I quickly opened the door and without looking at him ran for my room. I must have giving him quite a scene with my jiggling half butt running to my room. I shut my door, heart racing and just stood there. I imagined what he must have seen, the side view of me, rubbing myself, in just a silk shirt, which rode up showing him a clear view of my right leg completely and through the unbuttoned shirt, a view of my left tit.
Once I calmed a bit, I started thinking, it's not a big problem. He was too shy and demure to do anything so it was harmless. The more I thought, the more I felt safe, and started to feel a little hot. I thought of something, and then walked out of my room still in the same attire. Ayush wasn't in the main room, so I went up to his door and knocked. He opened still in his formal dress but his tie in his hand. Sadly his pant was too loose for me to check out any action there. He saw me from top to bottom and lingered on my chest, before looking at me.
"Ayush we need to talk," I said.
"Ok," he said meekly.
"We are going to be flatmates. So we will most probably see each other in awkward situations. So I don't want it to be awkward between us. Do u understand?"
"Yes I do Nikitha," he said, giving glances back at my heaving chest.
"Good, so I want to make both of us feel comfortable around each other. No need of any embarrassment. So tell me Ayush, do u think I'm pretty?"
He was taken aback a little by my direct question, took a quick glance at my panty, but then he answered, "I think you are pretty Nikitha."
"Alright, so now u don't have to be embarrassed about looking at me, like you are doing now taking glances. U can look at whatever u want. Is that clear?" I said, and folded my hands, which pressed my tits together giving a great cleavage view.
"Ok Nikitha," he said, stealing glances at my newly formed heavy cleavage. I smiled thinking this guy really is harmless.
"Also let's have a deal. To let you be accustomed to me and my body. I'll allow you to touch me once a day," I said.
I almost laughed when I saw his expression when I said this.
"I'll allow you to touch me once a day, this can be just your fingers, or your palm on my body anywhere. And it can be at any time of the day. But only over clothed areas. Is that cool?"
After a few more seconds and getting a little sweaty, "Ok Nikitha," he said.
"Good, now I want you to have your first touch today," I said and went closer to him, so that my folded hands were almost touching his chest.
I looked at him with my best puppy dog eyes, waiting to see what he will do. He moved his hand, and it brushed my thigh as he moved it behind me and gently squeezed my ass over the silk shirt. I felt a shudder of excitement. As he had moved closer, my leg was brushing against his pant and I could feel that hard cock within.
I moved my thigh a little rubbing against it. He squeezed me harder, and I felt his finger brush against my bare ass as he squeezed. I likewise, pushed my thigh against his cock and started moving it against his rock hard shaft. The whole thing was enough to give inexperienced Ayush an orgasm and I felt his pant get wet against my thigh. That alerted him and he quickly withdrew his hand. I smiled and started walking back to my room. I pulled on the shirt in front such that the back came up completely, giving him a good view of my bouncing ass as I walked into my room and shut the door. My fingers were already in my panties by the time I closed it.
Kindly provide feedback at my profile.