For several weeks, I had been pleasuring my father in every sexual manner possible. Whether it was giving him blowjobs, letting my Dad tit fuck me or just plain old fucking; we were doing it. It was very hot and so dirty; both of us were enjoying every moment. Needless to say, the whole topic of incest was not bothering me at all. In fact, I loved the forbidden aspect of it.
I loved being the Daddy's slut and began dressing more provocatively at home. I wore crop tops that barely covered my tits and short shorts that showed off my juicy ass. Daddy loved copping a feel whenever he got a chance, and I loved teasing him with my slutty outfits. My Mom and brother, Dean, had no idea what Dad and I were up to, which turned me on even more.
I was pretty happy being my Dad's fucktoy at home and keeping my brother and Mom in the dark, but things took a slightly different turn one afternoon when I was cleaning up Dean's room. Mom and Dad were out for lunch, and it was just Dean and me at home. Dean was downstairs playing video games, while I gathered his dirty laundry and tidied up his room. I noticed his laptop wasn't shut completely, so I decided to close it for him. As I touched the touchpad, the screen came alive, with two Asian girls wearing lacy lingerie sucking and licking a huge cock.
"Oooh, god! Look at these sluts!"
As I skipped through the websites he had open, it didn't take me long to notice that the entire playlist was about Asian teens. My curiosity was piqued, and I opened up a new tab and checked his history. To my surprise, most of Dean's searches were Asian girls as well. I had a sly smile as I scrolled through his search history. "Wow, Dean must have a thing for Asian teens!"
I remembered my Dad telling me that he had caught Dean peeking at me when I was sunbathing, and suddenly it all made sense. Dean was jerking off to Asian teens because of me, "Awww, my baby brother must have a crush on me!" I exclaimed, my cheeks blushing pink at the realization.
I smiled at the thought of him watching these movies, lying on his bed, thinking about me and making himself cum. Probably, most sisters would have been disgusted and outraged that their brothers were fantasizing about them, but not me. I knew how hot it was to have taboo sex, and knowing that my brother had a crush on me turned me on immensely.
I watched the video for a few seconds before hearing footsteps approach the door, and Dean entered the room to find me on his chair, watching porn on his laptop. "Erika, What the hell are you doing in my room?" he yelled out, rushing in and grabbing the laptop. He panicked as he paused the video and checked to see what else I had accessed on his laptop. "I can't believe you are going through my stuff! Get out of here!"
I didn't bother to hide the fact that I had been watching his porn; instead, I turned to face him with a sly smile on my face. "Calm down, Dean. It's not a big deal. All guys your age have stuff like this to jack off to."
I grabbed the laptop from his hand, placed it back on the table, and hit play. "I don't mind watching porn, Dean. Do you like this video? The girls are really hot, aren't they?" I asked innocently as we watched both girls on their knees sucking the guy's cock.
Dean, however, was in a state of full panic, and he snapped the laptop shut and turned to face me. "Erika! I'm not messing around! Get out of my room!" He exclaimed, pushing me towards the door.
"Don't be like that, Dean. I'm just teasing. If you don't want me to watch your porn, I won't. But you need to calm down. I didn't go through your stuff. I was just cleaning up and found your laptop open. Don't be so dramatic." I said, trying to diffuse the situation. I even picked up the laundry basket and showed him his dirty clothes.
"OK, fine, I'm sorry I got so angry, but please don't tell Mom and Dad about this. I would be grounded for months!" he pleaded.
I smiled at him and leaned forward to give him a peck on the cheek. "It's OK, baby bro. I won't tell them anything. It will be our little secret. Let me just get your clothes, and I'll be out of your way." I said reassuringly.
I could feel his eyes roam over my body as I gathered up the clothes from the floor and placed them in a pile on the bed. My crop top was very low cut, showing off my deep cleavage, and my shorts were so tight that they were almost a second skin. I bent down in front of him to pick up a pair of dirty boxers, and I could feel his eyes on my ass.
"So, what's with all the Asian porn? I didn't know you were into that. I mean, I thought most guys your age would be into blondes." I asked curiously as I tossed the last of the clothes onto the bed.
He turned bright red and looked down at his feet, but I wasn't going to let him off that easily. I stepped towards him and placed my hands on his chest. "Hey, it's OK. There's no need to be embarrassed. I think it's kind of hot. So, why are you into Asian girls?" I asked in a soft, sensual voice.
"I-I don't know. They are just really hot," he said shyly.
I kept going, making him as uncomfortable as I could. "In fact, Dean, I noticed that they are large-breasted Asian women too! Big tits like...hmmm, let me think...like my tits!" I exclaimed with a devilish grin as I closed the gap between us.
My brother is shorter than me by a few inches, and I towered over him as I pressed my chest against his. "Maybe you are into your sister's tits, Dean?" I whispered in his ear, letting my breath tickle his neck.
Dean looked like he wanted to crawl under the bed to hide.
"Well, then, I take it you are fantasizing about me! Is that it? Are you sitting there jerking off, thinking about me, you fucking pervert? Is that how you like to get yourself off, picturing your own sister sucking you off or letting you fuck her?"
He didn't say a word, and I knew that was my answer, but I figured I would push him even more as I was enjoying this. I pressed my chest even harder against his, letting him feel the weight of my big tits. "Tell me, Dean. Have you ever jerked off to the thought of your sister?"
"I-I... no, Erika!" he stammered, trying to deny it.
I could tell he was lying, so I decided to turn up the heat. I put my hand on his crotch, feeling his cock through his shorts. "Really, Dean? Then why are you hard right now?" I asked with a smirk.
Dean's face was burning red as he looked at my tits pressing against his chest and my hand rubbing his crotch. He was in a state of shock as I slowly massaged his cock through his shorts. "Don't look at my tits while I am talking to you, Dean!" I snapped, slapping him on the cheek lightly.
His gaze shifted upwards, and our eyes locked. I could see the desire in his eyes, and it turned me on, "Dad told me he has caught you watching me while I sunbathe. Does that give you good jack-off dreams?"
I could feel his cock becoming hard. I loved it! I loved feeling my brother's cock becoming erect as his body was pressed against mine. My dirty younger brother was getting turned on even though I was yelling at him. I loved teasing him and torturing him for having a crush on me.
"Erika, stop!" Dean pleaded, but I knew he wanted this. His body betrayed his words, and I could feel his cock throbbing beneath my touch.
I laughed and shook my head. "No, Dean, I'm not going to stop. You are going to stand here and listen to me." I growled, squeezing his cock through his shorts. "I bet you love imagining those sluts are me! Do you imagine your sister sucking your cock? Or bending over for you, so you can fuck her from behind? Tell me the truth, Dean! Do you jerk off to me?" I demanded, squeezing his cock hard.
"Eri, don't..." he muttered, calling me Eri, the nickname he called me when we were younger. For some reason, hearing him call me Eri made me even wetter, and I increased the pressure on his cock.
"Don't? You don't want me rubbing your cock? The cock you used to jerk off with thinking about me." I teased, rubbing his cock harder.
"Erika, stop it!" Dean protested, but I could see the desire in his eyes as I slipped my hand under his shorts and grabbed his cock.
Now, my brother is a scrawny nerd. He's not tall or muscular; he probably weighed less than me and wore thick glasses. I wasn't really expecting much from him, but I was pleasantly surprised as I grabbed his cock.
I gasped in surprise as I wrapped my fingers around his thick, throbbing cock. It was definitely thicker than my Dad's and longer as well. "Oh my god, Dean! You're a fucking monster! Your cock is so thick and hard.". My fingers couldn't even touch as I wrapped them around his shaft.
Dean was in a state of shock as well. "Eri! Stop!" he pleaded, but I could tell he was enjoying it.
My brother was still in shock, and he didn't move as I began stroking his cock. "Oooh god, Erika! We should S-Stop!"
"Tell me you don't like having me stroke your cock, Dean, and I'll stop,"
My brother didn't protest. He just moaned a bit, still not knowing if he should be enjoying this or if he should be allowing me to do this to him. I could see his eyes glazing over, and judging by how quickly my fingers were getting covered with his sticky pre cum I knew he loved it. We looked into each other eyes. My brother's eyes were filled with lust, and he was breathing heavily.
"Erika! This is so wrong!" Dean muttered, but his body betrayed him as he pushed his hips forward, forcing more of his cock into my hand. Both of us had burning incestuous lust building up. I pulled my hand out from his pants and let go of his shirt. I smiled at him as I undid his pants, allowing them to fall to the floor around his ankles. Keeping eye contact with my younger brother, I pushed his boxers to his ankles.
I was greeted with the most massive cock I had ever seen. He had definitely inherited Dad's thick cock genes as his cock was a massive 9 inches, and thicker than my Dad, if that was possible. I gasped in shock as I stared at his cock; it was so thick and hard. My one hand wasn't enough, and I had to grab his cock with both hands. "Oooh god, Dean, you're a fucking monster."
The contrast between my lanky, nerdy younger brother and his massive, thick cock was incredible. I couldn't believe he had this monster hidden in his pants. My scrawny, nerdy brother just looked into my eyes and blushed. "Do you... Do you like it?" He asked shyly.
"Like it? Dean, I fucking love your cock. It's so thick and hard. I can't believe you have a cock like this hidden away!" I said as I grabbed his prick and slowly began giving Dean a sensual hand job. He just looked at me, almost in a complete trance. "You can look down and watch me stroking your nice long prick."
Dean looked down and moaned as I stroked his cock. His pre cum was leaking all over my fingers, and his cock was rock hard. "Erika, oh god..." he moaned as I stroked his cock.
I could see the lust in his eyes, and I knew he was enjoying this. "Dean, look at your sister stroking your nice big cock. Look how much pre cum you are leaking all over my fingers."
He continued watching me, stroking his hard shaft for the next few minutes. When his eyes diverted back up to look at me, I gave him a dirty smile, "Are you enjoying having your nice, hard, throbbing cock stroked by your sister?" He just nodded, still at a loss for words.
It was apparent from all of his Asian porn that he wished it would happen, but that look on his face told me he never thought his dream would come true. As for me, I was looking at my brother in a whole new light as I stroked his cock. He wasn't just my dorky younger brother; he was a hot, sexy stud with a massive cock. I was going to enjoy teasing him and using his thick cock.
Dean just looked into my eyes, completely mesmerized. "Erika, oh god... I can't believe you are playing with my cock!". He was moaning and groaning as I stroked his cock, his eyes fixed on mine.
I loved the pleading look in his eyes. I loved knowing that I had complete control over him. I was already doing things that Dean had never dreamed of, but Now, it was time for me to make another dark, dirty fantasy of his come true. I licked my lips very slowly. "Dean, have you ever had a blowjob before?"
My brother stared at me blankly, "Come on, Dean, you can tell your sister. Have you ever had a blow job?"
Dean was in a complete trance as he just shook his head. "Erika! No, I haven't. I mean, I've only watched porn.".
I let go of his cock and took a step back. I pulled Dean onto the bed and pushed him down on the edge. Dean was completely under my spell and just did whatever I told him to. I looked down at him, sitting with his puppy dog eyes staring up at me and his massive cock pointing straight up. I gave him the most wicked smile I could before speaking again. "I love sucking cock. Dean, I know a sister is not supposed to do this to her own brother, but do you mind if I suck your cock?"
His eyes nearly popped out of his head, and I could tell he didn't know if I was kidding or not, so he said nothing. "No answer, Dean? OK, well, I will just get down on my knees and start sucking on your nice hard prick. If you want me to stop you, just tell me." I said with a devious grin.
His eyes widened in shock and disbelief as I dropped to my knees. I could see the desire in his eyes, and I knew he wanted this. "Tell me you don't want this, Dean, and I'll stop."
My eyes moved down from his eyes to the massive cock in front of me, and I licked my lips in anticipation. Dean just sat there, frozen, unable to speak.
I looked down at his cock, and a shiver of pleasure ran down my spine. My brother was just as big as my Dad, and his massive cock would stretch my mouth and throat to their limit. I wrapped my fingers around the base of his cock and brought the tip of his prick to my lips. I slowly began planting kisses on the tip of his cock.
I stuck my tongue out and slowly ran its tip up and down his shaft. I rubbed the head of prick all over my lips in a very sloppy way, humming softly and enjoying the taste of his pre-cum.
Dean moaned loudly, and his body shuddered. "Erika! Oh god... your lips feel so good!". His voice was shaky, and I could tell he was nervous.
I looked up at him and smiled. "Mmm...Dean, does this feel good? Do you like the way my lips feel?" I asked as I planted a big kiss on the tip of his prick.
"Erika! Yes...please keep going." Dean moaned as I planted a big, wet kiss on the tip of his prick.
I giggled and smiled at him. "Oh, I plan on doing more than just kissing it, Dean," I said with a devious smile before wrapping my lips around the head of his cock. I ran my lips all over his throbbing shaft before just letting his prick head slip between my lips, giving it a nice slow suck. Then I ran his pre cum, saliva-covered cock head over my lips and cheeks.
"Oh yes, your cock, tastes so good. I saw that you like movies and magazines with very messy cum shots on Asian girls' faces and in their mouths. That's good! I love messy, very messy blow jobs. I love the feel of hot sticky cum all over my face, and I love swallowing loads and loads of salty spunk." I moaned as I slurped around his cock. His face lit up when he heard that, and now I felt it was time to stop talking and sucking like a good older sister.
I opened my mouth nice and wide and let his prick head slip past my lips. Dean gasped loudly as his cock head entered my mouth, and his body shook. "Erika! Oh god... your mouth is so warm.".
I slowly slid his thick cock into my mouth, inch by inch. It was so thick and hard that my jaws were stretched wide. Dean moaned as my lips stretched around his prick, and soon his cock was completely buried in my mouth. I looked up at him and smiled before slowly sliding his massive cock out of my mouth and then letting it slip back into my mouth.
I very slowly worked his prick in and out of my mouth, over and over again. I moaned and hummed as I did, giving my brother a naughty sisterly blowjob. Then I bobbed my head up and down half of his long hard cock, moving my hand down from his stomach to fondle his balls and jerking on Dean's cock with my other.
I was going to give my brother the best first-time blow job ever! I knew it would be the best coming from his sister. I would glance up at him every once in a while; Dean's eyes were glazed over and fixed on me, working his cock in and out of my cock hungry mouth. I enjoyed sucking on my brother's prick; it was as good, if not more enjoyable, than sucking off our Dad.
Actually, it was better because I was giving my brother his first blow job. I let his prick pop out of my mouth. A huge saliva, pre cum strand was attached from my lips to his prick head. I didn't realize just how much I was enjoying giving Dean head until I saw how wet I had made his throbbing rod with all of my saliva. I kissed the head of his cock, making eye contact with him. "Your cock tastes so good! I could suck on it all day long! Are you enjoying this, Dean? Do you want me to stop?"
He said, "NO! Keep sucking my cock Eri!" in such a lust-filled tone; it made my nipples so hard and my pussy twitch. I went right back to orally pleasing my brother.
I licked his whole prick, up and down. I licked his balls and sucked on them as I jerked on his prick. Then I ran my tongue all over his prick head as sloppily as I could, rubbing it all over my face and lips at the same time. I wanted my brother to see how much I loved sucking him off and just how cock hungry I was.
He finally put his hands on my head, directing my mouth to take his cock back into it. Then I let him slowly fuck my mouth as I sucked away. His balls began to slap against my chin, driving me wild with the sound. Dean moaned louder and louder, and I knew he was getting close to blowing his load.
I was very sloppy; saliva was leaking down his cock and dripping off his balls. I was making a big mess like he'd always watched Asian girls doing in porn. "Mmm... Am I as good as those sluts you jerk off to Dean? Do you like your sister sucking your nice big cock? Tell me!" I purred seductively between sucks.
Dean moaned even louder, and his body began to shake. "Erika! Oooh god...you are so much better than any pornstar! Your mouth feels amazing!" he moaned as I sucked him off.
I giggled and smiled at him. "Mmm...good, I'm glad you are enjoying this, Dean. I want you to cum in my mouth. I want you to fill your sister's mouth with all your nasty cum!"
Hearing me beg for his cum was all that was needed to push him over the edge. I suddenly felt Dean tense up; his shaft went incredibly stiff, and I knew what was to follow: his first money shot at his sister. "Oh shit, Eri... I'm gonna cum! Eri, I'm gonna cum all over your beautiful face!"
Just hearing my brother say that made my whole body go flush. He pulled his prick out of my face and began to wildly jack off. I opened my mouth and tilted my head back. "Oh yes, Dean! Do it, sweetie! I want your cum all over my face and in my mouth! That's it, Dean. Show me how much you loved my blow job, cum for me. Cum all over my face! I want to swallow your cum!"
Dean groaned out and exploded at the same time. As I had my head tilted backwards, my eyes closed, and my mouth wide open, Dean blew his spunk all over my face. I felt his first spurt of cum land on my forehead and in my long dark black hair. Then, another spasm of his seed found its way onto my nose and upper lip. After that, my brother unleashed the rest of his wad into my very cum hungry mouth.
He almost screamed with delight, yelling, "Oh yes, Eri! I'm cumming! I'm cumming all over your beautiful face! Swallow my jizz, swallow it!"
It was good that our Mom and Dad weren't home; they would have been upstairs in a flash. Of course, our Dad would have joined in and jacked off all of my face and mouth as well. I knew I was making my younger brother's day, blowing his mind with intense pleasure as he was blowing his wad. I was very surprised by how big of a load he unleashed; it was even more than Dad's first time.
I felt him place his prick head on my chin; I could feel him jerking on his cock, milking out spurt after spurt of his hot, sticky salty splooge onto my lower lip, tongue and the back of my throat. I kept my mouth open, letting him fill it; I wanted him to see his cum on my tongue. Then I took a big swallow of his salty seed he spurted on my closed lips and chin. When I opened my mouth again, I blew some cum bubbles for him; this drove him wild. "Erika! Oh god, you are so hot!"
I could feel the spunk strands attached to my lips as I opened wide for whatever he had left. His jizz was running down my face and especially down my chin onto my top, making a very apparent cum stain on it. When he was done jerking his prick to emptiness, I grabbed it and rubbed it all over my lips, then on my cheeks, making a huge sticky mess.
As I did this, I opened my eyes and looked at my brother. His face had such a strange look of delight; he almost glowed with lust as his eyes were still glazed over. I spent the next few minutes sucking him dry and then using his cock to wipe off his jizz, and of course, I swallowed every bit of it.
When I was done cleaning off my face, I stood up, and without a word, I left his room, leaving my brother sitting there, his pants down around his ankles and his semi-erect cock hanging there. I thought that would get him and leave him wondering what happened between us.
I went into my room, still tasting his spunk in my mouth; feeling very horny and naughty, I needed to tell someone that I had given the best blowjob of my life, even if I couldn't mention it was Dean. I decided to message my best friends, Becki, Autumn and Katrina. This is what we texted on our group chat:
Me: Hey girls, I just sucked the best cock of my life!!
Autumn: OMG, Erika, you are such a slut!
Becki: WTF, Erika? Who was it?
Me: Sorry, I can't tell, it's a secret, but you guys will be surprised.
Katrina: You are so mean, Erika. At least tell us what the guy looks like!
Me: OK, he's not really a hunk; he's kind of nerdy. But his cock is HUGE and super thick.
Autumn: Really? Another guy now. You were fucking that other older guy with the perfect cock just a week ago. And now you've found another?
Me: Yep, and he had the biggest load! I swear to god, it tasted better than any cum I have ever swallowed before.
Becki: Wow, Erika, it sounds like you found the perfect cock to suck!
Autumn: Ugh, you are such a tease. You blow some mystery guy and won't tell us who it is!
Me: I know, isn't it fun?
Autumn: So mean, Erika!
I giggled at their messages, knowing they would try to get the truth out of me. They were both my best friends, and we shared everything together. However, I knew they would freak out if they knew that I sucked off Dean. I loved teasing them and keeping them guessing.
Me: Sorry, girls, I can't tell, but maybe I'll let you two meet him soon. ;)
Autumn: You are such a tease!
Katrina: Erika, you are killing us!
Me: I know, and I love it! Just wait till you meet him! I might even call him over when we hang out by my pool tomorrow.
After I chatted with my girlfriends, I changed out of my cum stained shirt and just put on a T-shirt. Now, the waiting began, waiting to see if Dean paid me a visit. About two hours passed as my brother stayed locked up in his room. I was starting to wonder if I had freaked my brother out too much by giving him a blow job. Then I heard a light knocking on my door.
I gave a big smile as I knew it was Dean. I told him to come in, and he did, looking a bit nervous. He was the shy one of my two brothers. "What's up, Dean?" He gave me the 'nothing' answer as he seemed almost embarrassed to look at me. "Is there something you want, my baby bro?" I asked with a giggle.
Dean looked down at his feet, but then he spoke up, "Erika, earlier today...did you really...did you really mean that?". He was stuttering and stumbling on his words, and I just smiled at him.
"Mean what, Dean? What part? The part where I told you that I loved sucking your nice big cock or the part where I begged you to cum all over my face?" I teased him, giving him a sly smile.
Dean's face turned red, and he just nodded. "Of course, I meant it, Dean. I loved sucking your thick cock, and I loved swallowing all your cum. Did you enjoy it?". I asked him with a devilish grin on my face.
Dean looked up at me with his big brown eyes. "Erika, it was the best feeling ever! I... I really enjoyed it.". He admitted shyly before adding, "Was that a one-time thing, or would you give me another blow job?"
I got out of bed, went over to my brother and hugged him, squishing my big tits against him. I held him close, running one hand up and down his shirt. I had my leg pressed against his crotch, and I could feel how hard he was. "So you enjoyed getting head from me? You didn't mind getting sucked off by your own sister." I teased him as I rubbed my leg against his growing bulge.
He wouldn't make eye contact with me until I touched his chin lightly, gently raising his head. "It's OK, Dean, if you enjoyed it. You were supposed to. And don't worry that it was me. I know it is taboo for a brother and sister to do what we did, but I didn't mind. I wanted to give you pleasure."
He finally smiled at me, "I did enjoy it, Erika; I enjoyed it a lot! I still can't believe you did that, though. But would you give me another blow job?"
I rubbed his cock with my thigh, "I can tell you are ready to have your cock sucked again, but..." I looked at him with a disappointed look as I let him go and took a step back.
Dean looked at me, confused and worried I wouldn't suck him again. "What's... what's wrong, Eri? If you don't want to, I...I understand."
I played with the hem of my T-shirt, pulling it up slowly to expose my sexy belly. Dean's eyes were fixated on my movements, and I gave him a fake pout, "Oh, it's not that, Dean. I will give you a head if you want. It's just that I thought maybe you wanted to see my tits."
Dean's eyes lit up, and his jaw nearly hit the floor as I continued looking upset. "I saw from your video's you like Asian women with large tits, and here I am, ready and willing. I just thought you would like to see them and maybe play with them."
I glanced up at my brother; he was beaming with delight, and I knew I had him. I grabbed him by the front of my jeans and led him over to my bed. I sat down on the edge of the bed, spreading my legs and pulling my brother between them. I leaned back onto my hands, thrusting my big soft tits at my brother. He wasted no time, gently touching them through my shirt, rubbing them, and squeezing them.
Dean continued to rub and squeeze my tits from over my T-shirt. He was so gentle, and it felt incredible as he kneaded them with his soft, slender fingers. After a few minutes, however, I began giggling. Dean looked up at me, puzzled. "Erika, why are you laughing?".
I gave him a cute smile and pecked him on his lips, "Because you can pull my shirt up if you want, silly." Dean blushed and gave me a big smile as he quickly pulled my shirt up over my tits, leaving it there, exposing my bare tits. I wasn't wearing a bra, and my large dark areola with big, hard nipples were exposed to him. He let out a gasp as he was now getting to see his own sister's tits up close and personal.
"How...how big are they, Erika!?"
I giggled at his question; I knew he was a tit man, and now he was drooling over his sister's pair. ""A nice, mouth-watering 34D. I guess I just lucked out with large natural tits." I added with a mischievous smile.
He stared at my tan tits and hard nipples. "Go on, Dean. You can touch them, fondle them, kiss them, lick them and suck on them. They are all yours to play with." I thought I would have to coax my brother a bit more, but I guess he finally realized he could do whatever he wanted to do to my tits.
And that's when he went wild, like a kid in a candy store. I knew this was the first time he had ever played with a woman's tits. He held them in his hands, fondled them, and ran his tongue all over them before getting really serious. As he held my tits, he licked at my nipples, flicking his tongue back and forth on them.
Then he began to suck on them, and boy did he ever! If he was a baby, he would have sucked my tits dry! In his enthusiastic, in-experienced way, he gave me the best tit foreplay pleasure ever! It was so great I just sat back and basked in the erotic pleasure my younger brother gave me through my tits. I sat straight up for a bit, running my hands through his hair as he lapped away at my nipples.
Then I lay back onto my elbows, giving Dean complete control of my tits. I loved watching him worship my tits, and I knew I would love it even more when his thick cock was deep inside my cunt. But I was getting ahead of myself. For now, I would enjoy having my brother suck on my tits.
After several minutes of licking, sucking and flicking my hard nipples with his tongue, I pushed him back. I held both of my breasts in my hands, looked at them, and then at my brother. I smiled at him and returned the smile. I offered my right breast to him, saying, "Dean, why don't you suck on this one? I will suck on the other one."
No word from my brother, and none was needed as his lips made contact with my nipple, and he began to lightly suck on my tit, intermittently flicking his tongue across my nipple. I angled my left tit up, bent my head, and started licking my other nipple. The pleasure was so intense my pussy was soaking wet.
I was really enjoying having my brother play with my tits. I felt so dirty letting him do it, even more so than my Dad, and I loved every second. After maybe 10 minutes of him sucking on my tits, fondling them and playing with my nipples, he raised his head up.
"Eri...will you give me a blow job now, or, um, could I fuck your tits?" He looked so sad when he asked me if he fuck my tits. I figured he would ask that since many of his videos showed the women in them getting tit fucked. I thought about it for a second and then shocked him with my response.
"I guess you can fuck my tits, but only if you go down on me afterwards. I am so wet and horny I need to get off too." My brother's eyes nearly popped out of his head. He looked like a little boy opening up his gifts on his birthday.
"Oh yes, Eri...do you really mean that? I can go down on you?" I nodded yes as I pulled myself all the way up on my bed and laid down on my back. I pulled off my T-shirt, tossed it on the floor, and spread my legs for Dean. I massaged my tits as he stripped off his clothes, then he got up on the bed and straddled my body.
"OK, Dean, Are you ready to give my tits a nice good fuck? You have been dreaming about doing this to me?" I purred seductively as Dean nodded, a wicked grin on his face.
Dean straddled my chest, placing his monster cock between my tits. I reached behind me, grabbed my pillow and put it under my head to give me a better view of him tit fucking me. Dean took hold of his cock and placed it at the base of my cleavage. He began by sliding his cock back and forth between my tits.
I pressed them together around his hot hard cock. I knew I was giving my brother the best present ever; allowing him to live out his dark, taboo, incestuous fantasies with me was something I could never top. I also knew that I was popping his cherry on the sexual realm, which made it even better; just knowing I was his first blow job, the first pussy he would taste and the first tits he would fuck, all made my pussy even wetter.
Dean slid his cock back and forth between my tits, moaning in pleasure as he did so.
I loved watching him tit fuck me. "Erika! This feels so good! Your tits are awesome!". He exclaimed as he pumped his prick faster and harder between my tits.
I giggled at his comments, "Oh yeah, Dean? You like fucking my tits? Does it feel as good as you imagined?". He nodded as he pumped his prick back and forth between my tits. He was still being very cautious; I figured he didn't want to hurt me, but I was ready for him to fuck my tits hard.
"Dean, you can fuck them faster; they will not fall off or anything." I teased him as I pressed my tits tighter around his thick shaft.
He reached down, pulled my hands off my tits and replaced them with his own. Once he did that, he went wild fucking hard and fast. In the meantime, I reached down to my shorts, unbuttoned them and slid my hand inside. Wow, was I wet! I fingered myself for a minute before pulling my fingers out of my wet pussy. I grinned at my brother, who was already getting a glazed look on his face.
"My pussy is so wet! Would you like to get a small taste of my pussy?" I teased him as I brought my fingers up to his mouth. He stopped tit fucking me, and he opened his mouth. I stuck my fingers into his mouth; he began sucking on them, tasting my pussy juices for the first time.
He moaned and nodded as he sucked my fingers clean. "Erika, you are so wet! I can't wait to eat you out!". I giggled at his comment and pulled my fingers out of his mouth.
My brother's enthusiasm was such a turn-on. I knew this was because I was his sister; it was so taboo and forbidden. I loved teasing him, "I think sisters should willingly be the first, whether it is giving their brothers their first blow job, tit job, hand job or anything else. Nothing is hotter than a sister giving her brother hot first-time sex experiences."
I said this while Dean was continuing to tit fuck me. He just moaned in agreement, his eyes glazing over as he fucked my tits. I stopped talking and bent my head to lick his prick head every time it popped out from between the top of my tits. I wanted to get my brother off as quickly as possible, not because I was afraid of us getting caught but because I needed to get off and wanted his head between my legs, eating me out.
Dean moaned loudly, and his body began to shake as he fucked my tits hard. "Eri... I can't hold on for much longer..." Dean's tit fucking pace increased even more as his breathing got harder and louder.
I ran my hands all over his sweaty chest, taking my turn to play with his nipples. He let out a small moan of pleasure when I played with them, and his cock seemed to respond by oozing out more pre cum. He began to moan under his breath, "Eri, I'm so close to cumming."
I let him fuck my tits for another minute; I wanted to see if he would ask if he could cum on them or in my mouth. He didn't say a word, but I had a feeling by the look on his face that he wanted me to tell him where he could cum.
"Dean, are you close to cumming?"
"Uh-huh...I can't hold it much longer, is."
"I want to jerk you off all over my tits? Is that OK? Can I jerk you off?" My brother's eyes glazed over as they got wider with my request. Then he suddenly let go of my tits and knelt there, his bright red hard cock bobbing up and down.
"JERK ME OFF! PLEASE Eri!" He sounded desperate to cum.
I grabbed his cock and began giving him an excellent hand job, one only a dirty, naughty sister could provide. It sure didn't take much to make my brother cum. Just a few strokes on his sticky throbbing prick, and he erupted, and I loved it!
I don't know, maybe I am a freak, but I just love watching cum spurt out of a hard cock. I really enjoy it when I make my father do it, and it felt a bit different, making my younger brother cum, but it turned me on just as much. I wasn't ready for his first spurt, so he got me right in the face. I quickly aimed his cock downwards as his cock unleashed a massive load of spunk. I was impressed, considering I sucked him just a couple of hours ago; I realized then just how horny I made my brother.
Just as I had his cock aimed at my tits, a massive stream of jizz shot out of his cock, landing all over my right tit; it went across my nipple and areola. I pointed his prick at my left tit as another jet of my brother's cum rocketed out.
He was groaning, "Don't stop Eri, oh god yes." as I kept jerking on his cock. That stream of cum landed between my giant tits, and some landed on my left tit. I could jerk out a few smaller spurts of cum out of Dean's prick before I had him drained him.
When I was done, I had made a huge mess all over my chest. I had cum on my face, all over my tits, cum on my upper chest above my tits and on my neck too. It felt so good, hot and sticky, just how I liked it. My brother was breathing heavily as he looked down, smiling at the sight of his spunk all over me.
"Oh god, that felt so good, Erika. Um... I'm sorry for cumming on your face." I didn't say a word as I sat up just enough to slip his prick into my mouth. I looked up into my brothers' eyes as I sucked his prick dry; he seemed a bit surprised that I did that.
But I knew he enjoyed seeing his cock in my mouth and spunk on my face. I slid his prick out of my mouth and used it to wipe the cum off my face. I held it before my mouth, "Don't worry about it, Dean. I'm really enjoying giving you pleasure and making you cum."
Then I used the tip of my tongue to lick his spunk off his prick head, swallowing every drop. I let go of his semi-erect cock.
"Now, Dean, it's your turn to pleasure me." I pointed to my shorts, "Can you please take my shorts off? I want you to eat my pussy.". My brother's eyes nearly popped out of his head as he scrambled down my body.
He began peeling my shorts off my hips and pulling them off; my shorts flew across the room. I spread my legs wide for him, giving him a clear view of my pussy.
I spread my legs and used two fingers to pull my wet pussy lips apart. "Look at how wet you made me! Get your face down there and make me cum!"
He nervously got down between my legs and glanced up at me, "I hope I will do good...I haven't done this before."
I gave him an evil grin, "Just start licking; I'll teach you what to do."
His tongue hit my clit, and I thought I would explode right then and there; that's how horny I was. "OH, YES, Dean! LICK MY CLIT JUST LIKE THAT!". My brother jumped a bit when I yelled at him, but he got the message that I liked what he was doing.
I grabbed my tits and began pinching my nipples as my brother licked and lapped at my clit. My brother sure knew how to use his tongue. He licked my wet pussy lips for several minutes. I didn't know if he was afraid to stick his tongue into my pussy or what, but I did enjoy it very much. Dean took his time eating me out, which I loved. He played with my clit with the tip of his tongue.
His inexperience worked in his favour as he took things nice and slow, being extra cautious and listening to my moans to figure out what to do. This slow and measured approach was building up the pressure and tension in my loins. I moaned loudly as Dean ate me out. He soon figured out that I was loving it when he licked my clit. He flicked his tongue back and forth on it, making me moan and groan loudly. It wasn't long before I squealed as my orgasm hit.
"Oh my fucking god....Dean... keep licking my clit...yes...YES... I'M CUMMING!! OH FUCK!". I arched my back as my orgasm ripped through me. My brother tried to keep his tongue on my clit, but I bucked my hips up, forcing his tongue off of my clit.
I nearly strangled my brother with my legs when I wrapped them around his neck, holding his face on my pussy. I ground my pussy into his face as I writhed around on the bed. As soon as my orgasm subsided, my legs slipped off his shoulders. My brother looked shocked and happy. I think I caught him off guard, but he knew he had made me get off, which pleased him.
He sat up as I looked up at him while rubbing my wet pussy. "Wow, that was really good, Dean; if I knew you were that good at licking pussy I would have let you do that to me a long time ago."
"Was I really that good, Erika? Did I lick your pussy right?" He sounded so nervous asking me that; I just giggled at him.
"You are a natural pussy licker, Dean; you were better than most of the guys I've been with.". I told him as I sat up. I motioned for him to come closer to me. He got up next to me; I put my arm around his shoulder. "Dean, I meant what I said earlier; sisters should be willing to pop their brother's cherries, whether it be giving their brother their first blowjob, hand job, tit job or any other first experience."
Dean just looked at me, unsure what to say. I gave him a devious smile before adding, "Now tell me, have you ever kissed a girl?". My brother blushed and shook his head no. I giggled at him. "Well, then, Dean, I think it is time I give you your first kiss. I think sisters should be willing to pop their brother's kissing cherry, too."
My brother just looked at me dumbfounded as I moved closer to him. I touched his cheek, "I'll teach you how to kiss.". I purred as I leaned in and kissed my brother on the lips. He stiffened up when I did that but relaxed after a second. I let my lips linger on him for a bit before sticking my tongue out and slowly running it across his lips.
I pulled my head back for a second, "Open your mouth, Dean. Stick your tongue out.". Dean did as I asked, and I leaned back in, kissing him again. I stuck my tongue into his mouth; our tongues met, and we began French kissing. At first, Dean was hesitant, but after a few seconds, he got the hang of kissing. I moaned into his mouth as our tongues danced around each other.
If Mom or Dad came into my room, they would find their two kids completely naked, making out; it felt so dirty and taboo. I could feel Dean's prick getting hard again; I reached down and stroked his cock as we made out. I spent the next five minutes making out with my brother, teaching him how to kiss as I stroked his cock.
When we finally broke the kiss, I gave him a devilish grin, "Do you like kissing your sister, Dean? Do you like kissing me?". Dean eagerly nodded his head as I jerked on his cock.
"Yes, Erika, I do; I love kissing you.". I giggled at my brother; he was such a virgin, but I was going to change that. I let go of his prick, "Dean, I want you to fuck me...I want you to lose your virginity to your sister.". Dean's eyes lit up, and I saw his prick twitch when I told him that.
"But first, I want you to make me cum again; I want you to lick me and use your fingers to fuck me.". My brother nodded excitedly as I lay back down on my back. Dean scooted down between my legs; I spread them wide open for him.
He went right back to work licking my pussy, using his tongue to lap at my pussy lips. I moaned softly as I closed my eyes and enjoyed my brother eating me out. He was getting bolder and more aggressive with his licking. I rubbed my tits and nipples as he ate me out. Needless to say, my brother went to work on my pussy. He licked away like a little boy eating an ice cream cone on a hot day. When he slid his fingers into my pussy I thought we both would explode.
"Fuck Eri... your pussy is so tight...so wet.". He mumbled into my pussy as he finger fucked me. "I want to fuck you, Eri... I want to fuck you bad.". My brother pleaded with me. I moaned loudly as he fingered me.
I decided to tease him a bit, "Dean...oh god...your fingers feel so good...but I don't think you are ready to fuck me yet...I need to cum again before you fuck me.".
That sent my brother into overdrive. His tongue furiously attacked my clit as he finger fucked me; he was trying his hardest to make me cum. And he was doing a damn good job. I could hear the slurping noise from my pussy telling me how wet I was or how wet my brother had made me. I lay there playing with my tits, sucking and massaging them as Dean kept pleasuring me. It took a while for him to make me cum again, but finally, to his delight, I had another mind-blowing orgasm.
I cried out as I gripped the sheets on my bed. "OH GOD YES! FINGER FUCK ME HARD Dean! MAKE ME CUM ALL OVER YOUR FINGERS!, I felt like a sexual hand puppet to my brother, wiggling around his fingers as wave after wave of intense pleasure shot through my body like an electric jolt.
As my orgasm subsided, Dean removed his fingers from my wet pussy. He looked up at me expectantly, waiting to hear what I would say. "Did I finger fuck you good, Eri? Did I make you cum hard?". He sounded so eager for praise; I giggled at him.
"You sure did, Dean; I'm ready for you to fuck me now. Are you ready to lose your virginity to your sister?" My brother eagerly nodded his head.
"Get off the bed, Dean; I want you to stand here and fuck me doggy style.". My brother eagerly got off my bed, and I spun around to face him. I told him to stand next to my bed as I slid myself forward so that my ass was barely on the edge. I spread my legs wide and raised them up into the air giving my brother a fantastic view of my wet pussy
I reached down and pulled my wet pussy lips apart. "Come on, Dean. Be a good little brother and put your hard cock into my nice wet tight pussy."
He didn't need to be told twice. I watched over my shoulder as a huge grin formed on his face as he quickly moved between my legs, holding his erect cock in his hand. He guided right for my pussy, pressing his swollen prick head slowly between my wet lips. Even though I had already orgasmed twice, my pussy was hardly ready for him.
As Dean pushed his massive cock into my pussy, I gasped; my eyes rolled back in my head as he stretched my pussy lips around his thick shaft. It was the most enormous cock I had ever had, and it felt incredible. "OH FUCK Dean! YOUR THICK MONSTER COCK IS SPREADING MY PUSSY SO WIDE!".
My brother groaned loudly as he slid inch after inch of his prick into my soaking wet pussy. I couldn't believe just how big he was; I could feel every vein and ridge in his cock as it filled my insides. I felt so full, so stuffed with my younger brother's thick meat.
Then I felt his cock bottom out inside me; he was completely buried in my pussy. I was practically drooling with lust as I felt his balls touching mine. Dean stayed like that, motionless, as I adjusted to his massive prick deep inside me. After a minute, I was ready for him to fuck me.
I glanced back over my shoulder at him; he had such a dreamy look. "Oh my god Dean, you are spreading my pussy so wide...now start pumping that big fat cock in and out of my cunt.". My brother just moaned as he started to slowly pump his cock in and out of my dripping wet pussy.
He started slowly, working his cock back and forth, in and out. But he soon picked up the pace and started fucking me faster and harder.
He was going to last long; I could tell that. I spread my legs wide, giving my brother plenty of room to slam his cock inside me. He grabbed my waist and began to ram his prick in and out of me. I rubbed my clit with one hand as I played with my big tits with my other.
"Fuck me, baby! Fuck me hard! Fuck me the way I know you want to."
My brother groaned as he slammed his cock in and out of my tight wet pussy. "Oh, Eri! This feels so good! Your pussy is so tight!". Dean blurted out as he fucked me hard.
I looked back over my shoulder; he had such an intense look on his face. I wanted him to fuck me hard and fill me with his spunk. I squeezed my tits and clit as he fucked me; my pussy was on fire with lustful pleasure.
I kept moaning, 'fuck me' over and over again. I could see the wild look in my brother's eyes as he took out his animalistic lust on me. I held one tit up to my mouth. I stuck my tongue out, flicking it around on my hard nipple then I started to suck on it. I kept my eyes focused on my brothers. All my young brother did was grunt as he fucked me hard and fast. He didn't say a word as he was too lost in the incestuous moment of getting to fuck me, his own sister. I knew he was living out his dirty, dark, jerk-off fantasies at that moment.
I let go of my tit and stopped rubbing my clit, and just laid my arms back on my bed. I laid there enjoying the nice hard fuck my brother was giving me. I saw my brother's eyes fix on my big tits bouncing around in a mixing motion from his hard pumping of my pussy.
"Look at what you are doing to my tits Dean." I coaxed him on, "Look at how they bounce and sway from you fucking me so hard.". Dean's eyes remained transfixed on my bouncing tits as he kept pumping his cock in and out of my cunt.
I decided to egg my brother on some more; I loved teasing him, "Are you close to cumming, Dean? Are you going to cum soon? Are you going to shoot your nasty cum all over inside your sister's pussy?". He moaned loudly at my questions and nodded.
"Yes, Eri, I'm going to cum soon...can I cum inside of you? Can I cum in your pussy?" My brother begged me to fill me with his seed.
I moaned a bit and then groaned out, "Oh yes fuck me...oh god, yes, that feels so good. We are going to be doing this a lot, Dean; you are going to be fucking me whenever you want, and I'm going to be your personal cum dumpster.". My brother groaned and started fucking me harder; I knew my words had driven him over the edge.
He fucked me even harder, burying his cock deep inside of me. "Oh yes, I love it! I love fucking you, Eri! I'm gonna fuck you every day!"
I smiled back at him, moaning a little. I could feel my own orgasm building. The pleasure was intensifying, and I knew I couldn't hold back how much I was enjoying this much longer. Deep down, I loved it! It felt so great getting fucked by my Dad, but something about getting fucked by my baby brother was even better. "I want you to cum all over my tits. OK?"
My brother gave me a dirty grin and gave me a nod. I figured I better reassure my brother of something. "Don't worry, I will let you cum inside me next time you fuck me. I just love how your cum feels on my skin, and it tastes so good. I want to watch it spurt out of your cock."
He fucked me faster in response. Now, I let go and allowed all my pleasure to surface. Now I writhed around on my bed, arching my back and screaming out, "Oh god, yes", over and over again as my brother fucked me to my orgasm.
It hit almost unexpectedly, my pussy tightened up, and I felt my wetness was all over my brothers' prick. The look on his face was the best when he felt my orgasm and how my pussy clamped down on his prick. Then, as my orgasm wracked my body, I wiggled all over, just screaming out, "Oh yes! Oh yes!"
Dean started to grunt. "I'm gonna cum! Erika, I'm gonna cum!" He yanked his cock out of my pussy as instructed, just like a good brother. I was going to slide off the bed down onto my knees so he could jerk off all over my tits.
But my horny brother began jerking off like a wild man in front of me. I barely had time to get up onto my elbows to watch him as my brother exploded. His cock spat his jizz all over my stomach. He angled his cock up a bit more, or it was just the wild jerking motion that made his next spurt of sticky cum shoot out and land between my tits.
I went wild on my own, rubbing his spunk into my skin as if it were lotion. "Yeah, that's it, Dean! Keep cumming! Cum all over me, you dirty nasty boy!"
He jerked off a couple more strokes of his salty spunk before he was dry. I rubbed his cum all over my stomach, all over my pussy lips and all over my tits. Then I slowly ran my tongue over the palm of my hand, licking off his sticky spunk.
My brother just stood there breathing hard and smiling away as he watched me playing with his cum. When I was done licking my hand, I grabbed his hand and licked it clean before I slipped off the bed, down onto my knees and sucked his cock dry.
I knew he was spent and would not be able to get off again for some time. I played with his prick with my tongue for a few minutes before pulling.
His prick came out of my mouth with a loud popping sound. Dean was still panting, and he had such a dazed look on his face. I got up off of my knees and got back up onto my bed. I sat there facing my brother, his cum all over me, playing with it, running it along my nipples.
"Did you enjoy that, Dean? Was it everything you hoped it would be?"
"Oh god, Erika, it was fucking great! Better than the movies I watch. Can we do it again...sometime?" he exclaimed as he stared at me, mesmerized by the fact his sister was sitting there covered in his spunk.
I stood up, leaned in and gave him a peck on his lips before answering, "Of course, silly. I'm the kind of dirty, naughty sister so many brothers would love to have. One who enjoys giving sexual pleasure to her brother." I rubbed my nose with his nose playfully, and then I added, "Don't you worry, Dean. You won't need those porn videos anymore. Any jacking off you do will be for me!"
I told him he better go shower just in case our Dad came home. I knew our Dad wouldn't be home for a while. While my brother was in the shower, I text-messaged my girl gang again. I told them I had finally fucked my mystery nerd and taken his virginity.
They messaged me back, saying I was such a nympho slut. They also said they would try to stop by tomorrow afternoon to the sun by our pool. It was the last time all three of us would be hanging out together before break next week. Katrina was going to Vegas with her family, her Mom, Dad and brothers, for a week to celebrate her birthday in Vegas.
I wondered if Autumn, Katrina and Becki would get jealous when they learned my mystery nerd was my own brother, Dean. I had a feeling they would be jealous and turned on as well. My friends were as hot as me, and all had brothers who I was sure were also drooling after their sisters.
I wondered if my friends would be willing to give incestuous sex a try once I told them how good it felt. The thought of Becki, Katrina and Autumn getting fucked by their brothers got me horny again. I decided to slip into my bathroom and join my brother in the shower.
Author's Note:If you want to read about Katrina's Family trip with her brothers. Please check out Family Vegas Vacation. Becki has her own series called "A Father's Fantasy" and Autumn will show up in "Slut MILF" and "A Model Daughter". Other connected stories to this one are The Family Slut and The Pastor's Daughter.