This is another letter in a series that a lovely wife Catherine writes to her husband Michael. Catherine is a living doll and so fun. They have a wonderful relationship. The style of writing is based on exhibitionism and not a lot of sex. So please skip it if that is what you are looking for. Thanks! I hope you like the story.
*****
Honey, Here's a little adventure I remember that happened a couple of years before I met you. I haven't told you this one yet. But you say you love to hear any adventures I had before we met, so I will tell you this one.
Remember my cousin Scotty? You met him at our wedding and a couple of family reunions over the years. You both hit it off so well. You even told me after we were married a while that if I ever wanted to give Scotty 'a peek', it was alright with you. Well, here is a story that I hope you like.
I was up at my folk's house with my cousin Scotty when I was just twenty. He was also twenty and we had been close cousins all our lives. I was staying there on my college break and he came up on his break as well. We had spent a lot of time up here when we were younger and looked forward to seeing each other again. We always had so much fun.
You see, since we got older, we hadn't really seen each other in about five years. It was so fun to see him again. We had both changed so much. We'd really matured. He got so much bigger and so muscled. And I had really filled out and was, frankly, "a hottie", as Scotty said when he first saw me.
Now that I was a woman, Scotty looked at me differently. Not in a bad or weird or creepy way at all; more with respect and admiration. We decided to go for a nice long hike. We packed some sandwiches in a back pack and I tossed in some sun screen and we had some bottles of water too. We headed out through the beautiful woods.
After we got quite a way from the house, Scotty began to really look at me. Because I thought it was going to be a bit colder, I was wearing jeans and a sweat shirt and hiking boots. I had my hair up in a ponytail and I didn't think I looked particularly great, but Scotty could not stop telling me how hot and awesome I looked. He even told me I was the prettiest girl he had ever seen and he wished I was not his cousin. I laughed but it was actually a real ego trip, to be honest.
Well it was super nice day in late May. My folks place is on 600 acres and borders a state forest, so it is as secluded as you can get. It started out a bit chilly, but by noon the sun had been out a while and it got darn hot. Really hot, not just warm and the sun felt so great after a cold winter.
Scotty had taken off his shirt to get some sun and I was jealous of him. He looked great too! He works out a lot and it really shows. He's not a muscle head, just in great shape, and very defined.
I had those long jeans on and a sweat shirt with just a men's white tank top style muscle tee shirt underneath. Sometimes I didn't wear a bra if I had a long shirt on and I was up at my folks. The hiking got me even hotter and I was so wishing I could be cooler.
Finally I was sweating, so I took off my sweatshirt and was just in my muscle tee shirt. Scotty went nuts, and I mean crazy, seeing my fine boobies bounce in that little thin shirt. I felt great. It really cooled me off. I could tell my nipples were poking out the thin shirt and I could even see my areola as nice darker reminders of what was under the shirt.
He said, "Wow! Catherine, your boobs are so fine! You have really developed into a fine looking woman!"
I didn't get embarrassed because Scotty and I have always been able to talk about anything and say anything to each other.
I just faced him directly and twisted my shoulders from side to side getting my boobs to really swing. They were so firm that I know it looked enticing. Then I bounced up and down on my toes while I responded, "You mean these little old boobies? Thank you kind Sir! Every girl likes to hear she has fine boobies!" We both laughed.
We kept hiking and talking and I was still complaining about how hot my jeans were. Scotty finally said, "My gosh Catherine, just take them off. We are out here in the middle of nowhere. Just be comfortable. You know I won't mind."
"I know you won't mind, but will you promise to not take it the wrong way?"
"You have my word! Now take them off!"
I thought it would be fun, so I just unsnapped them and unzipped them and just started to slide them down a bit and then I stopped and looked at him. "Are you sure?"
"YES! Just hurry up will you? Before I rip them off you."
I slipped them down and off and I sure had an audience staring at me. I forgot I was wearing my sheer white, almost thong, panties. They are virtually see-through, not one hundred percent, but almost!
"You are stunning Catherine, just simply stunning!"
"Catherine, you know we both think the other one is attractive and we know we each would enjoy seeing someone of the opposite sex naked. And you know we can't do anything because we're cousins, so how about we both just strip off and enjoy the fun of it since we don't have to worry about having a relationship, or sex, or people talking, or anything else. Let's just get naked and enjoy the sun and keep hiking. It will be so fun and an adventure we will remember forever and we'll love it."
"Well ... it might be fun I guess. Are you sure?"
"Yes I'm sure. Here, I'll go first." He already had his shirt off and he just took off his shorts and boxers in one second and stepped out of them keeping his boots on. He even did a slow turn around and then said, "Well Cuz, what do you think?"
"It's my turn to say WOW now. You look awesome Scotty! And you've got quite a whopper there too! Nice! And such a nice butt too!"
"Thanks Catherine. Now it's your turn."
I actually wasn't that nervous. I was even looking forward to it. He was right, I did want to see a guy naked, and I did want one to see me naked, and I did not want the hassle that usually comes with that. So, I happily took off my tee shirt and let him see my boobs. They were so firm and pointed straight ahead. My nipples were rock hard from excitement.
I was now in only my sheer panties so I slipped them off and over my boots and it was my turn to slowly turn around and let him see all of me. When I showed him my butt, I really poked it out and gave it a few nice smacks, showing how firm it was, and he loved that!
"Catherine! You are SO FINE! You have the nicest, bubble butt I have ever seen and that includes on line. And your pussy is the prettiest I have ever seen too! You are simply spectacular!"
My pussy was shaved with just a little triangle of hair that pointed down to the top of my clitty. You know I have some dainty little inner lips and they were just peeking out so he got a nice pussy show.
I knew by the huge hard on in front of me that he was not lying about thinking I was pretty. I had to laugh when I saw how hard he was. It was actually throbbing! It was shaved and probably about six and a half inches and looked even bigger because of his hard stomach and abs.
We kind of instinctively moved toward each other. "No sex, remember Scotty, no sex! Promise?"
"Yes I know, but we can touch each other - okay?"
"Okay, you can go first." I just stood there for him to touch my beautiful, bare naked body, all he wanted."
We were out in the great out doors in a nice big meadow with beautiful, fragrant pine forests all around us and a nice cool breeze in the nice warm sun. It was heavenly!
He began by touching my boobs and nipples. It felt wonderful. He was pretty gentle I must say. He loved to squeeze them into cone shapes and he rubbed my nipples a bit.
Then he knelt down in front of me and grabbed me by my hips and turned my butt toward him. I poked it out to be helpful. He was touching it and squeezing it and fondling every curve of it.
It was unbelievably FUN to be out in the middle of nature in a gorgeous woods and meadow - totally naked and having a handsome naked young man adoring me like that.
"Please Catherine, I promise no sex, but please may I just kiss your fine butt?"
I poked it out a bit more and moved it side to side as my answer. He began to kiss my bare bottom so nicely and rubbed his cheeks on mine. His whiskers tickled and I kept wagging my little butt side to side across his face. "Your bottom is as soft, and smooth as silk! I have never seen one so perfect!"
I was getting too turned on so I said he had to stop for our own good. Then, still on his knees, he turned me by my hips again, and without asking, kissed my pussy so gently. It felt wonderful! To his credit, he did not use his tongue, just kissed me. But he kissed Miss Clitty and then down my lips and back up a few times. I will admit I had my feet apart to give him some easier access.
"You have the sweetest smelling pussy I could ever imagine. I could breathe you in all day."
I just laughed and said, "That's what everyone says!"
Then he stood up and began playing with my breasts and nipples again. He asked to suck them, but I said no.
He took the hint and then stepped back and said, "Your turn beautiful, I'm all yours."
Now this was a first for me. I felt like I was inspecting him like he was a new creation or something.
I began by feeling his arms. He had nice muscles. Then I stood behind him and pressed my boobs into his back while I reached around and felt up his entire chest and abs. They felt great too. When I put my hands lower on his stomach, his penis began the throbbing thing again. That made me laugh.
I told him to turn around and I then pressed my boobs into his chest. His hot penis was pressed between us and it was so hard! I reached my arms around him and felt his butt. It was wonderfully firm, and fun to squeeze. I played with it a lot while rubbing my boobs against his chest.
Finally I stepped back and I grabbed his penis and played with it. I grabbed his balls and gave them a gentle squeeze too. He had nice balls too, Honey.
I wonder if reading that your sweet, little, loving, faithful wife was bare naked and letting a man look at all of her and play with her bare breasts and kiss her butt and pussy and touch her all over, and I was looking at him naked and touching his large, beautiful penis before we met. Tell me, is this getting you turned on?
Well, it was so fun. I sort of slapped his penis to make it swing side to side while it slapped his thighs. That made me laugh too. I knelt down and took hold of it and rubbed the head around on my face and lips. The skin was so wonderfully soft. I just barely kissed the tip for one second and I finished by putting two hands on his penis and just squeezing it. He loved that. I was afraid I got him too turned on so I stepped back. I know I was starting to get turned on too much and I know he was too, so I stopped.
He was in a frustrating, and difficult spot, I know; so horny and excited. "Can you please help give me some relief here Catherine? You are just too fine to only look at."
"No! You know our agreement! But I understand the jam you are in so you can take care of yourself if you want. You can look at me while you do to make it easier."
I said, "Here Scotty, lay down in the grass."
He did and I straddled him, standing right over his face with me facing his feet. As I bent over him, I knew I gave him an incredible view up my fine legs to my fine pussy and my fine butt. With a bonus of my super fine boobies hanging down over him and looking big and pointy like that.
Honey, does THAT make you excited to think of me standing nude over my cousin while he stares at my naked pussy, butt and boobies and jacks off? Just wondering. Back to my story...
Scotty didn't need any more direction and he began to stroke himself. It wasn't long till he was done, shooting gobs of stuff all over. We cleaned him up with some napkins from the backpack. It was fun.
We just laid there in the fresh, clean, cool grass. I handed Scotty the sun screen and let him rub it all over the front of me. He got my arms, boobs, tummy, legs and even my pussy covered completely.
I know you are wondering and I guess I can't lie. I did close my eyes while he put the lotion on and I did have an orgasm when he was rubbing the lotion in circles on my clitty, and as he rubbed my pussy lips. But he did NOT put even a finger in me so it wasn't "sex".
Well, we laid there for about a half hour just looking up at the big, white, fluffy clouds with the occasional eagle or hawk soaring on the winds over the river.
I have never felt so sexy and free in my life! If was so fun. Poor Scotty never did completely get rid of his hard on. He was so excited the whole time. That was very flattering to me too.
I started getting hot and I touched my skin and could see I was getting too much sun so I rolled over on my tummy. Without me asking Scotty got the lotion out and covered my back and legs and my bare bottom. And YES, he did bump into my pussy a lot, but I loved it. He offered to do more again, but I said no.
Scotty changed position too and laid his head on my fine bubble butt. He behaved himself so I allowed it. "This is the finest pillow I have ever laid my face on in my life!"
"Glad you like it."
After another fifteen minutes of his face on my bare bottom, I said, "Let's keep walking." He said fine and turned quickly to bury his face in my bottom, kissing each cheek for about a minute. I let my legs slide apart and knew he was getting a whiff of my fine pussy too and maybe even a little peek. I just thought he'd like that.
Well we got up and put our clothes in the back pack, which Scotty carried, and we headed up a hill. Of course he insisted on walking behind me, but I didn't care. I know I'm a showoff and what girl wouldn't be when a man adores her every move?
It was fun to just be out in nature walking naked. I loved it so much. I made Scotty walk in front for a while, but that didn't really do anything for me. However, I got a little kick out of watching his thing swing when he walked. I don't know how you guys can deal with that thing there all the time. Doesn't it get in the way? Oh well...
We stopped at some super-big, flat, rocks and set up our little lunch. I sat cross-legged on the big flat rock and Scotty just enjoyed looking at my pussy some more. I really don't mind that at all. I don't know why women try to cover up so much. Hey if I guy loves seeing your pussy, and you like him, and you feel good about your body, then why not let him look at your sweet little pussy as much as he wants? What harm does it do anyone? And what could be an easier way to please a man?
Don't get me wrong, he loved seeing my bare breasts right out in front of me too. And believe me, when you are just twenty, they point right out in front like a couple of nipple-tipped missiles.
It was humorous to me how he couldn't decide where to look. He tried hard to look me in the eyes too and I just told him, "You have all the rest of the weekend to look into my eyes. This is your one chance to see me naked so knock yourself out. I find it a compliment anyway." So he did, splitting his time between my pussy, legs and my boobs.
I guess he's a lot like you Honey. Or maybe all guys like to stare at pussies. I guess, if I think about it, every man who has ever seen me naked loved to stare at my pussy. Back to the story...
Well, we enjoyed our nice pick-nick lunch. But, Scotty was getting all horny again and I didn't want a problem, or to make him suffer either. So I said, "I can see that monster needs attention again. I'll give you my boyfriend's favorite view and you can get yourself off again."
He asked if I would get him off and I said, "No we are NOT going to cross that line." He agreed and I got on my knees and poked my pussy out from between my creamy white thighs with my knees far enough apart so he could see my boobies swaying too. That's the way my college boyfriend liked it when I didn't want sex, and he did. Hey, you love that too; even more than those two guys. Again, maybe all guys like to see a beautiful, naked woman on her knees, poking out her pussy with her legs apart so her boobies show as they hang down and sway. Duh... Maybe.
He got off again and after he laid there a while we kept going. It was time to start heading back. We decided to walk back along the river bank. We were enjoying the walk because the water made it nice and cool. We waded in a bit and were enjoying ourselves in spite of the water being really, really cold. I was about to get out because I was freezing.
All of sudden we hear two voices. We looked and we saw a canoe floating down the river nice and slowly. Two old sixty-five year old guys were in it. At first I was panicked and then I realized we weren't in any danger, and this might be fun.
The canoe was soon right upon us. The guys called out, hello there! We hailed them in return, "Hello." They pulled their canoe up to a big rock in the river right next to us. We had ducked down so they may have thought we were in swim suits.
We chatted a bit and they told us they were two guys who had both lost their wives about five years ago and they try to keep busy.
I asked them if they have women in their lives now.
"We wish. No women want old geezers like us. We haven't even seen a real woman in years, if you get our drift."
I think I did. So... I said, "Sorry gentlemen, sorry, but this water is FREEZING, I need to get out."
I stepped up onto the rock they were holding on to, which was right next to us. I loved it because they looked like they were in heaven seeing a naked woman so close to them. I wondered if they would take off or not, but they stayed right there talking.
Scotty said, "She's beautiful isn't she guys?"
"Oh ya, you betcha, she sure is!"
"We haven't see a naked woman in five and a half years! This is the greatest!"
They were both staring right at my pussy. Even more than my boobs and I figured most old guys are boob men. I found it quite amusing and finally, I looked down at my own pussy and said, "Guys is there something wrong? You keep staring at my pussy."
"Oh, no! Nothing is wrong at all! We're so sorry; we have just never seen one without hair before. It is quite striking and beautiful! I mean you are striking and beautiful!"
"Well thank you sirs! Every woman likes to think her pussy is attractive."
"Why not give them a better tour Catherine. If these good men have never seen one shaved before."
"Sure." I stepped my feet apart. I was standing directly in front of these guys with my pussy about eye level. "Here you go guys, here's a little tour."
I pulled my hood back on Miss Clitty and said, "This is my nice little clitoris. When I rub her in little circles like this, (and I rubbed my clitty a bit while I bit my lip and moaned), I get all excited so I'd better stop." Then touching, squeezing and poking my nice puffy outer lips I said, "and these beauties are my outer lips or labia majors."
Then I began to touch my inner lips, pulling on them and opening myself up I said, "These are my fine labia minors, or inner lips."
Scotty said, "Show us more Catherine."
"Oh no one wants to see more of me Scotty."
"Yes we do, yes we DO! Please continue!"
So I sat on the big rock and faced them with my knees way apart and my feet about three feet apart too, opening me right up. I then took my hands and opened my pussy wide saying, "And here is my fine little pussy all open so you can see inside. Do you think it's pretty?"
"Oh, SO, SO pretty! Thank you so much!"
"Show them that fine booty of your too." Scotty was loving this, and frankly so was I. These guys were so flustered, and the happiest they may have ever been in their entire lives, and I was having so much fun being such a blatant exhibitionist.
I made them ask. "Do you boys want to see my bottom? You must ask nicely."
They began to literally BEG me to show them.
So I flipped over on my knees and gave them the same view I had given Scotty earlier. They were looking like there were going to have heart attacks or faint, so I stopped.
I stood up and said, "The show's over boys. Hope you liked it. Now down the river with you."
As they were taking off, one reached into his water-proof bag and took out a fifty dollar bill and handed it to me. "Please accept this as a tiny bit of our sincere thanks. This is the best day of our lives!"
I laughed and took it and slipped it between my pussy lips and waved them good bye. They loved that!
Scotty was laughing and hugging me and said it was the sexiest thing he had ever witnessed. He said he thought it was the nicest gift those old guys would get in a lifetime. That made me feel good about it too.
We walked back up the river most of the way home. When we got within a mile we took one more opportunity to look at, and touch, each other's bodies as much as we wanted. We spent another five minutes each just looking, kissing and touching. He kissed both of my boobs and nipples, all over my bare bottom and, of course, my pussy, good bye.
I gave him a nice squeeze again and I gave him a nice long hug too. It felt great. I faced him and let his big, hard penis slip between my thighs - NOT in my pussy, just up next to it. I squeezed my thighs on him tightly and I could feel him throbbing. Yes, I thought about doing more, but we are cousins, so we stopped. We got dressed and walked back to the house.
What a day! I hope you aren't mad that I did a strip tease for three men before I met you. I actually think you will find it exciting. And I will even act out all the parts for you tonight in our bedroom if you promise to make love to me afterward.
All my Love,
You faithful, loving, adoring wife,
Catherine