CHAPTER 8: Weekend plans made and altered.
(C) 2023 by Ted Ursi/TeddySmutWriter, all rights reserved.
~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~
One good thing about being naked is you can't get maple syrup on the clothes you aren't wearing. Instead it goes on your skin. Napkins don't help much. Especially paper ones. Everyone being satiated both sexually and prandially, the tongue option got only half-hearted consideration.
Mom, being an experienced hostess, produced warm washcloths and towels forthwith. While she was doing that, I schemed.
I turned and batted my eyes at my brother. "Midday shift Bro?"
"Yeah." Greg's amused gaze told me he knew what was coming.
"Can I please have Libby when you're at work? Chloe and I want to go shopping." I gave his pecker a gentle squeeze under the table.
If he reacted to that it was too subtle for me to notice. "We can probably work something out."
I glanced over at Seoyun. "We'll probably make the afternoon of it because I have to bring Libby back to Greg at four."
I looked at Conrad and 'discovered' maple syrup on his chin. I leaned over and gave it a lick. I murmured "share your gift."
Conrad looked at me then he looked at Seoyun. "You were complaining about your backyard being a mess?"
"Yes, big pieces of concrete everywhere," she said. "The dumpster didn't come on schedule."
"I promised my grandparents to do some yard work this morning," Conrad said. "But I can probably come over this afternoon..."
"Thank you," Seoyun smiled. "That would be very helpful."
"I'm just going to lay out by the pool all day," Mom said. "Jack?"
"A relaxing day by the pool catching up on my reading sounds just the thing." Dad said. "I have been getting kind of pale."
"I should hit the weights before work," Greg said. "Been a little slack."
I looked at Conrad. "I'll walk you back and maybe take Wagner for his morning walk."
"I'd like that," he said. He stood and took my hand. Everyone else stared at his nearly erect cock.
"Let me just say I had a wonderful time," Conrad. "The way I was welcomed into your home, and how y'all treated me as more than just a big black cock, has been... good for my soul."
"Clarke Family Values," I said.
We went up to my room. I asked, "Door open or closed?"
"Open," he said. He picked me up in a bear hug. "You little minx, 'cause of you I'm getting to like showing off."
I wrapped my legs around him. I didn't say anything clever. I just started sucking on his face.
Conrad didn't intend to just fuck me with my door wide open, he was going to fuck me against the wide open door. I figured this out as my improvised signage brushed against my back.
I said, "I'm afraid for my door."
Conrad stood up straight. His big hands cupped my ass cheeks. I held on with one arm and reached down to try and get his cock inside me.
"Need a little help there?" Mom asked.
I looked over and saw Mom, Dad, Seoyun and Greg watching me. I smiled and nodded.
Mom stepped closer and bent. "Lift her up a little... more... okay, hold still."
Conrad's cock head probed my cunt. He lowered me slowly. I felt that same impossible fullness as his cock pushed up into me shoving all other sensation into fuzzy unreality. I did not revel in the moment of taking my black lover's big cock in front of my mom, my dad, my twin brother and my best friend's mother. No, the fullness was everything.
Nobody said anything. Conrad and I just breathed open mouthed in each other's face as his hips began to slowly pump. I'm sure I made noises. Big cock, tight pussy was the entire certainty of my world. A soft voice buzzed in my ear, vague and a little tinny as if down a rain gutter pipe.
"Come for me baby," Conrad said. "Come for us all. We all want you to come."
"I... I... yes please... make me?" My voice was weak, uncertain to my own ears. "Make me come?"
Conrad turned and I felt the doorjamb crease my back. He tried to pump into me. The wood creaked. The back of my head bumped against the wood. Conrad went still.
"No... don't stop." I worked my hips every way I could to get his cock to move in me. "Please..."
I heard rapid footsteps. I was pulled away from the door frame and something soft was put against it. A hand stroked my hair and was gone.
Conrad began stroking up into me like he had last night, putting the power into that last inch to slam our bodies together with an audible thud. I made the same yipping noise each time. You'd think it wouldn't but it was just as good as the first time.
Conrad started talking, punctuating his words with the thud of his body against mine.
"I'm going. To come. Right up. Inside you." Conrad said. "Right. In front. Your. Whole. Family."
"I don't. Ca-care," I said. I started wantonly rubbing my clit.
"Yes you do," he said. "You love it."
"I... I... do." I admitted. "I really. Do!"
"They. Love you. They want. You Casey. Clarke. To be. Happy."
Then his big mouth covered mine and I felt him start to swell inside my pussy and my head with darkness. Eclipsing my world.
His roiling load of hot cum flooded into me.
Conrad kept going, the pistoning cock making squelching noises now as he pushed me further up the orgasmic mountain with each thrust.
"That feels so good." I rubbed frantically. I was starting to shiver and shake. My "Keep going. Keep going. I'm gonna. Gonna—cummmm!"
My body spasmed hard. Almost too hard. I think my heart stopped. I almost blacked out.
I was off the doorjamb and being held tight in Conrad's arms. I buried my face in his neck. As he carried me into my room I looked up to see my family through the doorway.
Dad had a wondrous look on his face as if he had just seen a miracle. Seoyun was on her knees sucking him. My father's hand absentmindedly stroked her hair.
Greg wasn't looking at me. He was looking down at Mom. She too was kneeling and had my brother's cock buried to the hilt in her face. Greg's hips jerked at that moment and I knew he was coming in Mom's throat.
"I love you all!" I croaked out.
Conrad laid me gently on the bed and joined me there. Dad reached a long arm and pulled my door mostly shut.
My phone emitted Chloe's chime.
I made a vague motion and Conrad fetched it for me.
CHLOE: Is my mother there?
ME: Busy
CHLOE: You or her? (eye rolled emoji, pissed off emoji)
ME: Me. Cuddling. Just got fucked.
CHLOE: (big eyed blushing emoji) Conrad?
ME: Yup. Give me space gf?
CHLOE: k
"She can be a bit self centered," I said to my lover. "But she comes around eventually."
"I'm still processing it all."
I kissed the nearest part of him, which was his bicep. "You and me both, lover."
"Guess Wagner is going to have to wait for his morning walk."
"Oh My Gosh," I said. I hopped out of bed. "We are being so rude to them!"
"Who, my grandparents?"
"Yes!"
"They don't expect us back," he said. "They know how these things are."
I lost my panic. Conrad's sperm picked that moment to trickle down my thigh. "Shit!"
I slapped a hand over my pussy and dashed for the bathroom. Greg was in the shower when I barged in and squatted on the commode He looked at me with a pretty good imitation of Mom's Spock eyebrow. I did my business and then climbed in the shower with him. "Short on time Bro, just wash me and I'll wash you. Okay?"
"Sure Case," he said. "In a weird way this is... nice... that we can. Like being kids again."
"Yeah, I gotcha."
And that's what we did. Washed and then toweled each other down. I went back to my room and put on shorts, a band T-shirt and my flip flops. Conrad went and showered and came back in less than five minutes obviously showered but rubbing his face. "My razor and shit is over..."
"Greg!" I yelled. "Can Conrad borrow a razor?"
My brother appeared at our door and tossed him a blue plastic disposable. "Keep it dude..."
I made a note to get in supplies for masculine guests. Would there be others? After Conrad's phenomenal fucking, I wondered if I wanted any others. This troubled me.
Conrad came back from the bathroom with toilet paper stuck under his lower lip. I tried hard not to giggle at him. Really I did.
"Ready to go?" I asked.
"Reluctant but ready." While I was in a fresh outfit, he was in the same RANGER T-shirt and cargo shorts I had met him in less than twenty-four hours before. He mumbled something and headed for the door.
"What was that?"
"Uh... just our motto: Rangers lead the way," he said. "Even when it comes to the walk of shame."
I grinned. "By all means."
We walked hand in hand towards the Havranek house. Well he was walking. I was skipping like a little girl beside him. We approached the house the front door opened. Konrad peered out at me. "How is my second most favorite naughty girl?"
I tilted my head, grinned and looking him in the eyes I said, "very naughty."
Konrad clutched his chest and rolled his eyes. When I started to panic he grinned. "Gotcha!"
"Don't do that!"
"I'm sorry," he said. "That was the wrong kind of naughty."
He opened the storm door. "Would you like to come in?"
"I forgot my knickers," I said. "Can Wagner come out and play?"
"I was just going to take him."
"I need to get started in the back yard," Conrad said.
Konrad emerged, Wagner in tow. Conrad gave me a quick kiss which I interrupted with a longer, arms around the neck, much more soulful one. We sighed and parted.
Konrad and I strolled down the street. Wagner inspected everything like a pint sized colonel, taking special interest in vertical objects.
"I take it things went well?" the old man asked.
"Very well."
"You've known him for less than a day."
"Yes, it's scary how that happened."
"It wasn't just his..."
"His černá klobása?" I asked. "I won't deny that was a part of it. But Conrad is a wonderful man. He deserves the gifts he's been given."
"He's twenty-three. You're eighteen."
"Five years is nothing," I said.
"Five years can be hell," he said.
I remembered his story. "Oh! I'm so sorry!"
"That was in the last millennium. We are in a new one now. I am walking down the street with a beautiful redheaded girl talking about her making love to my giant black grandson. If I could say where I would be this year back when I was young, you think I would say this?"
"It is amazing isn't it?"
"Yes." He looked at me. "Where will you be in fifty-five years?"
"I have no idea," I said. "But I know I will remember you and Amalia in my heart."
He patted my hand. "You are a good girl Casey Clarke."
"Thank you Konrad." I kissed his cheek. "Wagner seems to have come to a decision."
We did our civic duty regarding Wagner and walked back up the street.
I went home and considered some naked metal air guitar but got a text from Chloe.
CHLOE: OH. MY. FUCKING. GOD.
ME:?
CHLOE: My mom came home all walk of shame like with this big red collar around her neck!
ME: I'm glad she decided to keep it a while longer. It's gorgeous on her.
CHLOE: You knew?
ME: Of course I knew. Dad put it on her.
CHLOE: Is he her Dom now?
ME: I don't know, you'll have to ask her.
CHLOE: She's walking like your Dad fucked her. Did he?
ME: Again, ask her.
ME: You're the one who said she should get side cock.
Shit. That was dumb.
CHLOE: So he DID fuck her!
ME: I can neither confirm nor deny that. ASK HER
CHLOE: Fuck Case, what am I supposed to do?
ME: She's your mom, you love her, go give her a hug and tell her she looks beautiful.
CHLOE: She does look kinda hot.
ME: (tears of laughter emoji) BTW, I wangled the car from Greg. Wanna do the ABS thing?
CHLOE: ABS?
ME: Adult Book Store.
CHLOE: (big smile emoji) When?
ME: We're dropping Greg off at work then we have to come back for him at four.
ME: I want to also get shoes and maybe hit a thrift store for some nice sun dresses.
CHLOE: You going coquette gf?
ME: maybe (shy smile emoji)
CHLOE: (upside down smile emoji)
So now I had some time to kill before Greg had to go to work. I went home to my backyard and stripped down to my earbuds and butt plug to get my zen on. I put on Spirit Box's Jaded and went with it, mock strumming and letting the screaming parts come out full throttle. I finished that song and was delving through my playlist when I noticed my parents staring at me. I sauntered over trying out my sluttiest hip swaying walk.
"That was... interesting Dear," Mom said.
"It's what I do to clear my head Mom." I sat on the foot of her lounge chair with my knees casually spread. The string of nine black anal beads was draped over the arm of her chair. Mom's butt still had a bit of a gape. Dad's dick was soft but it was leaking and I swear it had a shit eating grin. Certainly Dad's face looked satisfied. I gave the beads a poke with my finger, trying to get them to rattle. "Can I ask you something?"
"Of course Dear."
"Is it going to always be like this? So intense."
"Sadly no," Mom said. "We call it 'sub frenzy' or 'newbie frenzy.' That kid in a candy store feeling people get entering the lifestyle."
"Plus NRE," Dad added. "New Relationship Energy."
"That's a relief—sorta. If this keeps up I might fuck myself to death."
"No you won't Casey," Mom said. "But you may feel like you did soon."
"Should I be worried?"
"Not worried, just forewarned," Dad said. "The intensity of your recent experiences has flooded your body with endorphins, oxytocin and adrenaline. Your reservoirs of those are going to run out and you are going to get what's called 'drop.' All your negative emotions are going to rise up and try to smother you."
"Shit fuck. I KNEW it was too good to be true."
"You'll recover," Mom said. "Knowing that it's an actual physical phenomenon and that it's a temporary will help you get through it. Plus you will have your loving family around you."
"When's this going to happen?"
Dad looked at his Timex. "Hmm...."
Mom swatted him. "Maybe tomorrow, maybe Monday. It's very idiosyncratic. Some hit the floor like a carton of eggs, others go into a long sliding depression."
"As soon as you start feeling down, come to us," Dad said. "If we're not home, go to your brother. Cuddle. Cry. Eat ice cream."
"If all else fails, call your Uncle Bill or Aunt Towanda."
"Rusty, you're smart and strong," Dad said. "Don't let this scare you or make you afraid to play. I'm confident you will handle it fine. You came to us, remember. That's a very good sign."
"Thanks Dad." I picked up the anal beads and started to shake them. Mom looked at me nonplussed. "I have something I want to ask Mom about Uncle Bill."
"Your father have no secrets about Bill."
"It's just that fucking Conrad was so good I think I might be becoming a size queen or even a..."
"Queen of Spades?" Mom asked.
"Your Mom went through something like that with Bill," Dad said. "It was a hard time for us until we found a balance."
"Your Dad almost left me," Mom confessed. She reached over and took his hand. "But he didn't."
"If Bill wasn't the guy he is, I probably would have."
"You're worried about Roger Dear?"
"Him and all the other deserving men I intend to fuck."
And therein lay the rub. Roger was locked away in boot camp, just barely not a virgin, and I was flying free, gaining experience in leaps and bounds. That disparity could end us. Hurt him badly. I wanted Roger to be happy. I wanted me to be happy. I hated that those two goals might be mutually exclusive.
"Bill is big. Conrad is big. But neither of them is as big as the head of a baby." Mom patted Dad's dick. "This bad boy still feels damn good in me after all these years."
"Thanks to your Mom being very diligent about exercise."
"You mean kegels?" I asked.
They nodded.
"I think I may be a bit of a cuckqueen too Mom."
"I noticed you set Conrad up with Seoyun."
"And I want to get Roger super laid when he gets leave."
"You're not doing it for selfish reasons?" she asked. "Just so you can play at will yourself?"
"Well not entirely. I feel the world would be a better place if fewer people were lonely and stressed out about sex. I mean have you seen the suicide statistics? And the drug deaths?—which might as well be listed as suicide. It's a fucking silent genocide."
"You can't save the world with your pussy Dear," Mom said. "If it were remotely possible I'd be out there on the front lines spreading my legs right beside you."
I had to laugh at that imagery.
"Yeah Mom, I know. But maybe here and there we can do a little good."
"You know, in college, before I met your Dad, I kinda had a reverse harem of gamer geeks."
"And you gave them all up for me?"
"Kinda sorta... no." Mom said. "When we had our first conversation about our sex lives your Dad told me I couldn't cheat on him because anything that made me happy made him happy."
"Aww Daddy, how sweet." I looked at him and smiled. "I want to crawl into your lap but then you'd get a boner and I'd have to suck you off because it's going to happen eventually and we might as well get it over with but if I do suck your cock it will take too long because I want to do it right and then Greg will be late for work."
Greg walked up in his red trunks and green Hillside polo shirt. It was too small on him. "We gotta go soon Case."
I threw on my clothes and followed him out to the driveway. Chloe was already in the shotgun seat. As titular girlfriend I figured she had a right anyways. I got in the driver's side rear and off we went.
Chloe turned to me and pointed at my tits. "Inchaos? Never heard of them."
I looked down at my T-shirt. So that's what I'd thrown on!
"Chinese metalcore," I said. "Picked it up at a yard sale. Saw a few videos, they sounded really good even though I have no ideas what they were singing. The lead singer was dyed blond and cute."
Greg chuckled. Before I could swat the back of his head we pulled into a reserved for staff parking spot at his job. Chloe squealed as my brother reached a long arm over the center hump and pulled her into his lap. The kissed. "See you at four baby, be good."
"You too." More smoochie face.
"Get a room you two," I said.
"I have a room," Greg said.
"I know you do," Chloe said. "Pretty soon."
"Two minutes Greg," Amanda said. She was standing by the driver's door. "You must be Chloe."
"Hi," Chloe said. Then she crawled back to her seat. I got out and scooted in the driver's seat as soon as Greg vacated. It was warm from his butt. I squirmed a little to grind my plug. I was getting as shameless as my Mom.
I looked at Chloe, who was in a denim skirt and pink tank top with her platform sandals propped up on the dash. "Panties?"
"Yes." she said.
"Butt plug?"
"No."
"Disappointing,"
She stuck her tongue out at me. She brought her knees up to her chin and reached under her skirt. With some squirming she pulled out a pair of pink panties and hung them on rear view mirror. I took them off and considered tossing them out the window. Instead I just tossed them on the dash up against the inspection sticker.
"How did it go with your Mom?"
"She says your Dad is her Top and she is his rope bottom. They might become Dom and sub but the Top and bottom thing will be their public face because shibari is a legitimate art. It's her new hobby. They did fuck."
Chloe might be trying to trick me into confirmation. "She admitted it?"
"Yeah," Chloe said. "She said your dad has a beautiful cock."
"It is."
She looked at me. "Eww."
"Objectively speaking, it is." I smiled at her. "When we get back you can come back to the pool and check him out yourself."
"What if my mom's there?"
"You say hi."
"What if they're doing shibari or something?"
"You watch or not watch and wait until she looks ready for the outside world again and say hi." I'd done a little research since Monday night. Aunt-T had sent a PDF on safety and some links to more information. I'm a quick study.
I parked in front of the Thrift shop. We hit it like ninja bargain hunters. I had a hard time finding anything in my size that I liked. Chloe was more successful. We met up at the changing rooms and picked up our conversation.
"Not sure I want to watch my naked mother get tied up."
"It's an art, it's beautiful." I had done some internet surfing this week and spent maybe half an hour looking at shibari pics. I mean I probably did a whole lot of things I hadn't mentioned until reminded. Sue me.
"I'll bet."
"And you can tease her about it." I dropped a white with black polka dots dress over my head and looked at myself in the mirror. "Or say nice things, if you want to bond or just butter her up some time."
We tried on a whole bunch of stuff. Finally I settled on a couple of dresses with a cut that resembled LYD—Little Yellow Dress—Mom had given me. One green, the other the white with black polka dots. Chloe bought half a dozen things.
We went around to the back of the shopping center, near the loading docks and I changed into the white polka dots while Chloe did lookout. It took like ten seconds. I pulled off my top and shorts in the car, stepped out for a second and dropped the dress over my head. I gave it a tug here and there to make sure it settled and I was done. I didn't get caught. I had a whole script prepared in response. Oh well, maybe someday. Chloe declined my offer to watch out while she changed. That wasn't like her.
Then we went looking for shoes—at an actual shoe store. I have never bought shoes on my own at a shoe store. When I was a kid I went with Mom, usually at a big box store. I was disappointed that the attendants at shoe stores don't actually fit shoes, they just run and fetch for you. So I didn't get to do the classic upskirt flash thing.
I picked out some strappy white sandals and some basic black pumps. Either would go with Polka Dots. For the green dress I had my eye on the pumps Moms had worn last night. Maybe the sandals would work too. Certainly the black would. What did I know, I'm a tomboy, remember.
We drove around looking for an adult book store.
"Is that what we're doing today?" Chloe asked. "Looking for opportunities to show our naked pussies?"
"And you're not onboard with that?"
"I feel like I'm being baby-sat."
"How so?" I felt like I was on a tightrope.
"That wasn't a denial." And I was being poked at with long pointy sticks.
"It's not." Fuck metaphor.
"Mom was awful eager for me to go out this afternoon." Chloe was looking at me with eyes that were just shy of welling with tears. "Is she going to fuck your Dad again? Is my best friend—and HIS daughter—helping to make that happen?"
"I can honestly say no to that."
"Then WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?"
"Chloe, do you trust me to keep your confidences, even from your mom?"
"ESPECIALLY from Mom."
"Well your mom can trust me to keep her confidences even from you."
"SHIT, you're doing it again." She huffed out and crossed her arms.
"What?"
"Being fucking right!" she said. "Sucks."
Chloe flounced. How do you flounce strapped into the front passenger seat of an '04 Jeep Liberty? I don't know but Chloe managed. Girlfriend has flouncing skills.
I pulled to the curb. "I can't drag you over the center console like my brother can but I want you in my lap." I unbuckled my seat belt.
She looked at me and unbuckled. Over she came. We cuddled and kissed.
And then the blue and red lights and a police siren chirped.
I really should pay more attention to my rear view mirror.
A lady cop tapped on my window. She looked kinda heavy but that might have just been her protective vest. I hit the window button. "Something wrong officer?"
"What do you think?" Grandpa Clarke told me once they do that—get you to admit to whatever upfront.
"I think my best friend is upset over a private family matter."
"You pulled to the curb suddenly across two lanes without signaling," She said. She looked down at where my hand was on Chloe's knee. "And it looks like you two are about to engage in public indecency."
"Are public displays of affection illegal officer?" Chloe asked.
"Not per se, but groping each other on a busy public street is." She tapped the windshield right above where Chloe's panties lay.
"But we haven't actually done that yet, have we, officer...Kawalski?" Chloe cooed.
That cracked the cop's professional demeanor. "Why does everyone think female cops are all lesbians? I'm married to a big bellied construction worker. I have two kids. We're working on a third. Shit."
I said, "I'm guessing this isn't the first time someone tried using their feminine wiles on you today?"
Officer Kawalski straightened. "License, proof of insurance and registration please."
Chloe crawled back to her seat. I fished my documents out and handed them over. Kawalski went back to her car and did mysterious cop like things. She came back in a couple of minutes. "I'm going to issue a warning, in future please be mindful of traffic while discussing family issues. Distracted driving is very unsafe."
"Thank you officer." I put away my documents.
"I apologize for my loss of professional demeanor," Kawalski said formally. Was this all on bodycam? Was Kawalski going to catch grief from a supervisor?
"We're all human," I said. I did NOT add "Except for Chloe here, she's a tentacled space alien with the morals to match in disguise."
But I wanted to.
"Thank you for your understanding," officer Kawalski said. "Remember to buckle up before you pull out."
I buckled my seat belt and looked at Chloe. She buckled hers and looked at me. We broke out laughing. I pounded the steering wheel and she doubled over.
We eventually wiped our eyes and got on with the day's agenda.
"There, 'Station News,'" Chloe said.
Station News looked like a former Pizza Hut occupying it's own lot with a short but tall chain link fence with louvers intertwined in its links near the rear of the building. The front lot was empty. When I pulled Libby around the rear I saw several cars parked there, including one I recognized.
It was an older model Rav 4 from back when they were compact SUVs and not crossovers. I remember I had grudgingly admitted I liked the looks of it along with the bumper sticker quoting the First Amendment plastered on the spare tire cover. "That's our neighbor."
"You wanna..."
"Fuck no," I said. "Now we gotta."
I hopped out and headed in. I heard Chloe's door slam behind me. I hit the lock button on Libby's fob.
The interior of the Station News held several surprises. The first was that it was actually very neat and tidy with a strong smell of pine scented cleaner. The second was that my neighbor sat behind an elevated glass counter right at the front of the store. The third was that the other patrons of the store looked entirely... ordinary. Not a loser among the lot, except maybe that one scruffy guy near the back.
When you enter a room with an eight hundred pound gorilla, the best thing to do is say hi. I walked up to the counter and stuck out my hand.
"Hello neighbor," I said. "I'm Casey Clarke from up the street from you."
"Bill Wegner." He said.
Bill Wegner had that fading hippy look with long frizzy hair with streaks of gray pulled back into a pony tail, muttonchop mustache and tiny rimless glasses. He even wore a plaid lumberjack shirt rolled up at the sleeves revealing thin hairy arms.
"Nice to finally meet you," I said. "I recognized your car out back by the bumper sticker, which is really cool by the way."
"Thanks, bit of a fanatic." He waved his hand about. "For obvious reasons."
The door behind me beeped. Chloe was now standing behind me looking nervous.
"Chloe, this is Bill Wegner," I said. "May I call you Bill?"
Bill nodded. I continued my formal introduction. "Bill, this is my BFF Chloe."
"Hello Chloe." He held out his hand. After a moment Chloe took it, gave it a perfunctory single shake and let go.
"Don't be nervous," Bill said. "My business relies on maintaining my customers' trust. I'm not going to call your parents or anything."
He sighed. "My business also relies on not getting busted for allowing minors in. I will need to see ID."
I fished out my license for the second time. Chloe produced hers as well.
"You must walk a razor's edge on things like that."
"Tell me about it." A customer came up and made a purchase. Bill processed this as he talked. "A little less now that we took out the video booths. They were too much trouble and the money wasn't great."
He pointed to the back of the store where a plastic chain with a CLOSED sign extended across an open doorway.
"People having assignations?" Chloe asked. "Or wanking off?"
"Yes, that... Both," he said. "Besides being the target of increasingly oppressive local ordinances, it made the place smell really sleazy. I'm trying to upgrade from 'sleazy' to 'risqué.'"
I smiled at that. "I imagine all those men splooging over the years must have built up quite an aroma. I'm curious: What did it actually smell like?"
"To me it smelled like rotting cherry blossoms, hated it." He looked at me. "It's great that we can talk but I know you ladies came in with a purpose."
"Our original purpose had been just curiosity," I admitted. "But I recently decided I want a set of kegel balls."
"And I could use a nice purse sized vibe," Chloe said. "Something cute."
Bill smiled. "Let me help this customer and then I'll show you two a few things."
Bill processed the sale and then pulled out several small packages from inside the front counter where they had resided among many other small packages with significant price tags. Bill went over the various kits, and I do mean kits, all really well designed and aesthetically pleasing.
"It's amazing how high quality, even the lower cost items, are," I said.
"I've watched over the years as they got better and better," Bill said.
"Yea capitalism," Chloe said.
Thinking of Conrad, I selected a medium priced kit with five progressive weights. I blushed a little as I said, "One of my boyfriends is really big and I think I'm going to have to be very diligent so I don't disappoint the others."
I watched to see how he processed 'one of" and 'the others." His face lit up with the possibilities for a second then clamped back down into professionalism.
"Case!" Chloe said. "You're such a slut!"
She had said it loud enough to attract the attention of the other patrons. What else could I do but turn to face them, smile and do a little curtsy in my polka dotted dress and cute strappy white sandals?
Bill put the other selections away and locked the display case. "Let me show you the vibes."
He led us down towards the back of the store to show us a huge assortment of dildos and vibrators.
"I think what you're looking for is a nice bullet vibe." He took a bubble pack off the the rack. "I've read good reviews on this one and it's a good price."
That was a metallic gold lengthened teardrop shape with an attached USB charger. Chloe read the back of the package starting with a skeptical look the started nodding. She smiled and said, "Ten functions! I'll take it."
On a nearby rack I noticed the exact same anal plug kit Chloe had bought for Greg. The price was slightly higher than advertised online but cheaper when you considered delivery. I grabbed two.
"Look Chloe!," I said. "You said you wanted one of these for yourself and now I won't have to rely on my brother's hand me downs."
I checked out Bill's face to see how he processed that.
"Plus we'll be supporting local small business."
"That's music to my ears," Bill said. "It's hard to compete with online these days. People think it's more discrete despite a multi billion dollar corporation knowing your business."
"Plus porch pirates," Chloe chimed in.
"And your browser history," I said. Giving Chloe a look.
"I'm feeling inspired to get some signage done," Bill said. "Let me show you something."
Bill led us to the very back of the store. He unclipped the plastic chain. He showed us a room that had once been a kitchen and then an array of video booths. Now it was just a bare room stripped to the studs. "We've been thinking of installing a kinda theater slash classroom and having educational events."
"That's super!" I said. "I know a shibari rigger who could teach rope classes."
"You do?"
"It's her—"
"Chloe!"
"You just outed your own brother as having butt plugs!"
"Shit! You're right!"
"You two young ladies are..." Bill began.
"Outrageous sluts?" I offered.
"Impressive," Bill said. "That you are cognizant of the issues puts you a giant leap ahead of your peers."
My cheeks warmed at the compliment. "Thank you!"
On our way back to checkout Bill stopped at another display. "Now you should both get some water based lube and also toy cleaner."
We grabbed three of each. I wanted Greg to not have to borrow from others.
When we had divided up our purchases and paid I asked "Bill, what would you do if I lifted my skirt revealing I wasn't wearing panties and then inserted the first of my kegel balls?"
"Sadly I would have to evict you from the premises and say you can't come back." He leaned forward and murmured "because other customers are present to see."
"She's been wanting to show her pussy to someone all afternoon," Chloe said. "So have I."
"Umm... if you're looking for volunteers," a voice said behind me.
I turned to see the scruffy guy standing behind me with a value pack of old fashioned skin magazines. He had unkempt hair, a T-shirt with a twenty sided die, and jeans that were being pushed down by his belly so the fabric at the bottom of his legs in the back was ragged from being stepped on. I stuck out my hand. "Hi, I'm Casey."
Scruffy fumbled with his purchase and took my hand. It was sweaty. "Uh... Jake."
Chloe frowned at me from over his shoulder. She made like she was sniffing it. Jake did indeed smell a little.
"I'm guessing you just got off work Jake."
"Uh... yeah," he said. "How can you tell?"
"A girl can tell Jake. Listen..."
His face fell, obviously expecting a harsh put-down.
"Kudos for having the balls to ask," I said. "I bet you're really shy normally."
"Well you are... the two of you I mean... are really hot," he said. "If I didn't I'd kick myself for the rest of my life."
"Exactly!" I gave him a broad smile.
"But now you're going to turn me down."
"Only for now Jake," I said. "Up your game and you have a chance, I really am a slut."
"But how?" He started to reach for his phone.
"Plenty of videos online," Chloe said. "Watch the ones made by women, not guys trying to teach you tricks. There are no tricks Jake. A good looking guy can say anything and get laid. No matter what a loser says, it won't work."
"And even half or what the female content creators put up online is bullshit too Jake," Bill added. "You're gonna have to sort it out like a crazy side quest."
"Um thanks but I uh... meant how would we..."
"We'll probably run into each other here if you're a regular customer," I said. "And no I can't give you my digits. Sorry."
"I uh... understand."
Bill gave a gimme motion and Jake handed him the skin mags.
"Gotta love the classics," Bill said. He ran the sale, collected the cash and made change.
"Yeah," Jake agreed.
"You'll have to excuse us now, Jake," Bill said. "We're discussing business."
"Yeah, sure..." Jake trundled out.
Bill said, "Regular. Good guy. Not a single social clue."
"I can't believe you did that!" Chloe said. "Letting him think he has a chance like that."
"But he does Chloe," I said. "I am what is says right on the package."
"Are you two going to turn pro?" Bill asked. "Not judging..."
"As in prostitution? No. But I do have an audition tomorrow as an exotic dancer."
"In that case can I give you a bit of advice?"
Shit. Radical honesty incoming. "Of course."
Bill leaned over the counter and pointedly looked down at my feet. "Your toenails look like shit, get a pedicure."
I was mortified. I stood there with my mouth open staring down at my own feet.
Chloe was doubled over with laughter again as was her way.
Bill took a business card from a small holder on the counter. "Give this to your rope Top friend. Tell him—or her—or them to call me."
"I certainly will do that Bill." I rubbed Chloe's back. "Come on girlfriend. Our mission here is done. Our carriage awaits."
Outside Chloe, still with tears in her eye, said, "He's right you know, just saying."
"So how come you didn't?" I asked. "I rely on you for shit like that."
"In the middle of all the other drama, it would sound like I was scoring petty points on you."
"There you go doing some of that nasty 'being right' crap your own self." I gave her a hug.
"What time is it?" my BFF asked.
I looked at my phone. "Just after two."
Chloe stood up straight and clapped her hands. "Great! Pedicures! On me!"
We ended up in chairs side by side taking advantage of a special on mani-pedi. The lady who was attending to my toes looked over to her coworker and said something in Vietnamese. The coworker glances up Chloe's skirt and replied something noncommittal. My attendant said, "We also have an introductory special on bikini waxing."
I looked at Chloe. She said, "Go for it! Daddy's paying for everything, not me."
"What about you?"
"We Asian girls have the advantage, our wispy cunt cover drives men wild."
"Yes," her attendant said. "But that doesn't mean we can ignore the ugly hairs around the edges."
"Nice up-sell," I said.
"Chloe," I said while we were waiting for wax to cool. "When are you going to pop Greg's cherry? He's really hurting."
"Me too. I'm thinking at my party."
"The thing is everyone around him is getting laid left and right, present company included, and he's feeling like he's on the sidelines of life. Y'know."
"Again, me too."
"So what's the problem?"
"Well he's going far far away to school and I'm stuck having to go through another year of high school hell." Her voice had a quaver in it. "He's probably gonna meet some hot kinky chick like his sister and his mother and..."
Holy shit, I thought. She loves him. As in 'until death do us part.' Holy fucking plot twist Batman.
"But he's already met a hot kinky chick who has the added advantage of being so much cuter." I reached out and took her hand. "We'll figure something out Chloe, you and me together. The poor sucker doesn't stand a chance."
"You're the best Case."
"So are you."
"You girls ready?" the wax lady asked.
All I can say about what ensued is "OWWW!"
We were actually early getting back to Greg's job. I decided we should hang around at the fence line showing the pre-legals what they were competing against. We got some ferocious looks. We gave them back ferocious smiles.
"Nice dress Sis," Greg said when he finally got off.
"What about me?" Chloe asked.
Greg grabbed her and pulled her close. "I do not have the words to describe how good you look."
Nice save Bro.
We piled into Libby. I handed the lube and toy cleaner over his shoulder. "This is for you."
"Uh... thanks?"
"We don't want you to have to ask to borrow ours." Chloe said.
"That's... really very thoughtful." His eyes widened. "'Ours?'"
"Of course silly," I said.
And we were home. It's a very short drive, remember?
In the back yard we found Mom, Dad, Conrad and Seoyun laying out. Mom was rocking tiny sunglasses, collar and her anal beads. Dad had Raybans and his Timex. Seoyun had ditched all the rope and had on big catseye sunglasses plus mom-suit tan lines. Conrad had nothing but his beautiful cock. Everyone was sporting a sheen of sunscreen, even Conrad, who surprisingly had very faint tanlines of his own.
We youngsters bustled up with our shopping loot. Chloe stopped and looked at her naked mother... "Hi Mom."
"Hello Chloe," Seoyun said. "You look like you two had a productive afternoon.
"Oh did we!" I said. I pulled off Polka Dots to reveal my new landing strip look. I put my foot up on a chair. "And a pedicure too... see?"
"Very nice Dear," Mom said.
I took off my sandals and put my bare foot next to my mom's. "I was thinking the green dress I bought would go with the green pumps you wore last night but my feet are too big."
Greg was already out of his work things and was sitting in the other chair. Chloe was on his lap fully clothed. Sigh.
"Chloe," her mom said. "Please come here."
Seoyun scooted to the side of her lounge and motioned for her daughter to join her. Greg kissed the tip of her nose and tilted her off his lap. Chloe crawled onto the lounge beside her mother.
"I know this is a lot to take in," Seoyun said. "A lot of reality to face."
Chloe didn't say anything, she just rolled her eyes.
"Don't you do that," the mom said. "You know what I said about rolling your eyes at me."
"Yes Mom."
"You will always be naui gongju. You know that?"
"Yes Mommy," Chloe said. "We don't have to discuss anything, I'm just going to take my time to get used to things. I'm not brave like Casey."
She popped up suddenly and said, "You should have seen her! Some guy came on to her in the dirty bookstore and she went all Mother Teresa of Sex on him and sent him off thinking she might actually say yes in the future if he got his shit together."
"I wasn't lying Chloe," I said. "Deflowering gamer geeks may become a side gig for me."
"Casey Dear, you're not..."
"Relax Mom, only as a hobby. I'm not gonna go pro. I'll be selective, careful and only if it helps their situation."
Mom looked at Dad "and don't you even go there."
Dad just smiled.
Conrad said, "Like I told her yesterday she really is 'as advertised."'
"Scoot over you big vůl." I made pushing motions. "Make room, make room."
He did and I climbed aboard his lounge.
"Vůl?" Dad asked.
"It means 'ox,'" Conrad answered. "Grandma called me that and this one picked it up."
"I'm sorry," I said. "I didn't know."
"You can call me anything you like in any language you like as long as you say it like you just did." He looked at my dad. "She picks up words quick like that, just like my mom. Mom taught at the Army Language School."
"Super cool Dude," Greg said.
Mom got out of her lounge and crawled in with Dad. "Greg, take my chair. You can share it with Chloe."
Greg got in the chair and looked at Chloe. "You can stay with your mom Chloe, it's okay."
Chloe and her mom's eyes met. Seoyun gave her chin a tiny twitch. Chloe got up and joined Greg.
"I think we need more furniture out here," Dad said.
"Dad, have you ever taught rope classes?" I asked.
"Once or twice Rusty, why?"
"Bill Wegner, down the street drives the older Rav-4? He owns the Station News, where we went today. He's really nice. He want's to upscale and start having educational things in his back room."
"That's very interesting," Dad said. "I may just look into that."
"Oh you know you'll do it Dear," Mom said. "You've been talking about it."
"There's a business card in my purse." Which was NOT magically by my side. Fuck. Maybe it's a concentration spell?
"I'll need a demo bottom."
Greg said, "I'm sure you'll have plenty of volunteers."
"I will not exploit the situation for pussy," Dad said. "Or even remotely look like I am. That would wreck my reputation in the community. Plus it's wrong. Just wrong."
A community? Where reputation has value to my dad? And the tone of his voice? Wow, there's some history there.
"Good to know Dad," I said. "I'll bottom for you."
"Mom looked really cute in that thing you did," Chloe said. "Maybe someday me too?"
Dad looked at Chloe, then he looked at me. He lowered his eyes and murmured to Mom with a smile.
"What?" I said. "Dad!"
"He said 'our little change agent' Dear."
I blushed like fire hydrant with a new paint job.
"I have a suggestion," Chloe said.
Everyone looked at her.
"We should all go out to dinner together."
"Fabulous idea Chloe!" Mom said. "You pick Greg, something casual."
Greg looked around. "With all this diversity we got going on there's only one good answer..."
He drummed his hands on Chloe's behind. "Mexican!"
"Tacos!" Seoyun said.
Conrad said, "I have to bow out, I'm having dinner with my grandparents."
"Bring them," I said. "Mom can take them in her car, Chloe, you, Conrad and I will go with Greg, that leaves Seoyun in Dad's Charger."
"I'll ride with Samantha," Conrad said. "They'll need assistance getting in and out of your mom's car."
"Of course!" I kissed his nose.
Mom pulled out her phone. Her purse was exactly where it needed to be at the moment she needed it. "Can you give me their number Conrad?"
Conrad picked up his phone and sent her a text. They'd exchanged digits? I should have known.
"Amalia, this is Samantha Clarke," Mom said when she heard an answer. "No they're cuddling right next to me.... No, in a lounge chair out by the pool."
Mom listened for a bit. "We are having an impromptu dining out. It would mean a lot if you and Konrad came along."
Mom listened some more. "I'll come by with my car and we'll all meet at the restaurant."
More listening... "Mexican. Casual. Nine including you two. See you in a half hour?"
Mom grinned and hung up her phone. "You know what she said as she was hanging up?"
"What?" I asked.
"'Get dressed you old goat, we're going out!'"