Hi, A word of caution. If you are looking for blow by blow descriptions of sex it might be best to go to other author's stories. I like to think that the mind is our greatest sex organ. So I try to leave out the graphic details then you can use a little imagination.
Step and June
It's her brother. Yes or no.
Part 1
My little brother called and asked if he could maybe stay at my place for maybe a week or two. His employer was moving him to St. Louis and he hadn't been able to find a place on the internet. So would it be possible to crash here until he found something? I reminded him that a girlfriend was living with me. He said it was no problem he could sleep on the couch. He promised he would not be a problem, to keep his stuff under control and be an ideal roommate.
When I asked when he expected to be in town, "Well actually on Saturday. If that's too soon I could maybe spend a few nights in a motel. I suppose you should clear this with your roomie first?"
That's when I realized that he didn't know that my roommate was more than just a roommate. Mom and dad knew I was living with and in love with a member of the same sex. I kind of assumed they had told Johnny and he was aware of my sexual preferences. Will I guess now was the time to tell him. "Ah...listen...Johnny. There's something I guess I better share with you. My roommate is more than my roommate. We are kind of living together."
There was a long silence and then, "Oh...I...I...Wow. I had no idea. Why didn't you tell me about that? Wait...I'm sorry. I love you sis. I mean if you are happy that's all that matters. Ah...do mom and dad know about this? Wow. I'm happy that you have someone. I was kind of worried when you never mentioned any special boyfriends. This is great. I mean really great. Wow." Then there was another pause. "Ok...ah...ok. I'll make other plans."
I jumped in before he had a chance, "Stop doofus. The other bedroom is sitting empty. I'm sure June bug will be ok with this. Her sister had been using it but she moved out about a month ago. So, if her sister can be here so can you. Besides she was kind of hoping to meet you one day, so why not Saturday? I would love to have you here for a while."
Then I remembered. If he didn't know about June and I he probably didn't know the other thing about my life style. "Well there is one more little thing you may not be aware of. We, June and I, we are kind of nudists. Actually maybe more than kind of, it's sort of mandatory here in our apartment. If anyone visits it is drop your clothes in the vestibule. It's a house rule. So...what I'm trying to say are you ok with that? You ok with seeing your sister naked? You ok with me seeing you naked, all the time? Not just by accident or something."
"What if I get a reaction?"
"Oh that's no problem. I think that every guy that's been here has it happen. If it does it does. I think it might be a compliment of sorts. Ya know. And if it becomes a real problem, won't go down or something we suggest the guy visit the bathroom and solve the condition."
I waited for him to say something, anything. When it became awkward I finally asked, "Well what's it going to be, a motel or naked? Yours won't be the first penis I've seen, I've seen plenty. June isn't afraid of them. Sometimes guy friends stop by; the same rules apply to them. Do you have a problem with exposed dicks? You will also get to see a few more sets of boobs when female friends stop by. That shouldn't be a hardship and the bathroom or your bedroom is always available if you need it. Please say yes. I would love to have you stay with us for a bit."
"Ok, if you really think this is a good idea. What are mom and dad going to think or say when they find out?"
"Not a problem. They were here the last weekend. Are you hung as big as dad is? Never mind I'll see for myself on Saturday. Now I have to go and make up your bedroom, see ya Saturday." I was giggling as I hung up. I'm such a pervert.
Part 2
Johnny showed up about noon. I guess I was nervous. Why I don't know. My dad was naked here just a week ago. Would it be any different than that? Anyway he rang the bell and I buzzed him in the lobby. I watched him through the security camera. All he had was several travel bags. He called for the elevator glancing around nervously. Did he think the neighbors knew about the dress code? Was he thinking the whole building was full of perverts and running around in the undressed state?
I was waiting at the door when he knocked. I stood back behind the door to hide when he first came in. I pushed it shut behind him and grabbed him from behind. "No peeking. Close your eyes, tightly. You just stand there and strip down. I want to see you before you see me."
He was sweating and I don't think it was from carrying his bags. "Can I go back and get the rest of my stuff before I do that? I really need to get the rest, if I could?"
"Ya...ok...you do that. Keep your peppers closed until you're out the door. I'll leave it unlocked so just bring your stuff up. But remember, naked before you leave the entryway. I want; I mean we want to see a swinging dick when you come into the living room. Understood? We're not going to let you see us before we see you. This is a test...don't screw it up."
Out the door he went and a few minutes later he was back. Then out the door again. Was he turning chicken and leaving. I ran to the camera and no he was out the door with empty hands so his bags must still be here. Ah...yes...he was bringing two more bags. The sneak he had blocked the lobby door open with something and I was glad to see him kick it away as he came back in.
The front door opened and closed. June and I sat on the couch, waiting. My legs were closed tightly and June had one leg crossed over the other and we both were kind of hiding our breasts. No free peeks right away. It seemed to take forever. Was he never going to come all the way in?
Finally he stepped into the living room, with a large bag in front of himself, trying to hide behind it. "Drop the bag Johnny. You can't hide like that. You live here you follow the rules."
"You guys are kind of hiding."
"Drop the bag or get dressed and out the door. You choose, one or the other."
The bag fell to the floor. Ya...I understood his wanting to hide. "Oh my" June whispered. "He has a nice pecker doesn't he?"
Maybe she didn't whisper. Johnny certainly heard her. He quickly tried to cover up the erection that was pointed at us. June wasn't having any of it. "Drop the hands. Just stand there and let us look." We looked for almost a minute. Her next order, "Ok, turn around. I want to see if your ass is as good as your pecker is."
Why was June acting this way? I understood her not being aggressive when my folks visited. She was on her good behavior then and she never was when we had guests.
I looked at her with the question in my eyes. "Relax; I'm just making sure he understands that this is our place. Our rules, your brother or not, if he's going to see us completely, I want him to understand we get to see him the same. Ok? Hard or soft he can't be hiding."
I understood, but to support him I dropped my arm and left my breasts exposed. I'm not ashamed of them. They may be small but they are perky. No sag at least not yet. June on the other hand was a bit larger and gravity had a little effect on hers. But her dark brown circles and light brown nipples were a wonder to behold. I loved to spend time with them. Thankfully June enjoyed my attentions.
"Ok Johnny, you pass. Can I help you get settled in?" My roomie was on board with the new roommate, at least for a while anyway. I was curious how this might all work out. Both June and I considered our self's as bisexual. Having a man in the place might be a temptation, especially one with a good looking penis.
Part 3
The next several weeks were very interesting. Johnny had started to relax being nude and had finally stopped watching us every second. I guess it would be hard, no pun intended, to see boobs and bottoms all the time. June kept her pubes trimmed real short. She didn't like to shave and suffer the itching when it grew back in. Me, I just trimmed a bit when the mood struck me. I would never even do that but June bug would complain when the hairs would get in the way. I did understand that. One of my old girlfriends was real hairy and it was a problem.
I do wander away from the story at times, sorry. I'll try and get back on track. Or is it interesting the upkeep of those parts?
About a month into Johnny stay I was wondering if or when he might find his own apartment. It did appear that he was looking. Three or four days he would come back late and complain about the location or the condition or the price of things he had looked at.
One evening when he had called and said he would be late again, could he stop and pick up Chinese for supper. As we waited June looked at me with a question in her eyes and asked me, "I love you, you know that right?"
I nodded yes and told her, "I love you too. Before you say another word...it's ok."
She looked kind of sad, "I've been trying. I really have. But I guess I'm weak. I promise I'll be trying to be stronger in the future."
"I have to confess it's getting to me the same, it's has been a long time since I've been with a man."
Part 4
That night after supper and the cleanup was done we all sat on the couch with Johnny in the middle. We watched some dumb romantic comedy. Her hand was resting on Johnny's thigh. Close to the top of his thigh. Much closer and she would be touching something else. I was watching and wondering if that something else might reach down to her hand. June was laughing at even the stupid jokes. By the time the evening news came on it was so very close to her hand. Not a full blown erection but so close. Everyone headed for their bedrooms after the pit stop.
June was trying to hug and kiss me. She was almost frantic about it. Finally I told her, "Go...get it out of your system. I understand. I love you and I understand."
As she crawled out there was a tear in her voice, "Are you sure? I can stay. I really love you and don't want to fuck up what we have."
"Just go and do it. I'll be here when you come back. Enjoy."
I wish she had closed our door when she left. The sounds I could hear were all too graphic. It was a bad night and almost one in the morning before I fell asleep. I slept alone for the first time in over several years.
Part 5
June was in our bed when I woke up. She was on her side and I was spooning with her warm body. As I tried to move away she reached back to hold me in place. "He's very good at what he does. Thank you. I needed that. If anything it only makes me love you even more."
She rolled over and we hugged and kissed and touched. Her hand moved down and within a few minutes I was gasping with pleasure. When I tried to return the caresses she playfully stopped me, "I had enough last night. Just let me rest for now."
As I was starting to cool down she leaned over, "You should try it."
"With my brother, are you out of your mind? I can't fuck my brother"
"No...why not? I have been watching him watch you. He seems to start to get a little hard at times...watching you. And I think that maybe you might need a little bit of man now and then. I tell you it was very enjoyable. Just think about it, a hot and hard cock filling you up. It's so much better than our plastic toys. He would never make a move so you'll have to be the one. Don't say no just because of who he is. Think of him as a man with something that feels so very good at times."
A seed was planted that morning.
Part 6
Damn her. Why open that can of worms. For over a week I tried to see of what she had said might be true. Flaccid he was around three or four inches. Unless it was cool in the apartment. Then he would be a bit smaller. If I happened to scratch a tit he might twitch down there. If I bent over to pick something off the floor and let my little breasts hang down there might be a bit of swelling. One time I bent over facing away, showing more than normal. When I straightened up and peeked he was more than a little swollen.
Now I was wondering what would happen if I did a squat right in front of him? No that was gross and uncalled for. I needed something subtle. June had been bugging me to try yoga for a year. Was that sneaky enough? I could suggest that we all give it a shot.
The next day at dinner I brought it up. June jumped at the idea. She knew a great instructor. Lessons were offered several nights a week. I told her I would like to try it. Johnny was reluctant. We shamed him until he agreed to go. The next night we were informed that our first class was the next night. All we needed was to wear light comfortable clothes that had a bit of room in them.
Now I knew that some of the poses would be rather reveling later on when performed naked. That was my plan. I wanted to see how it affected Johnny when I would practice at home. What surprised me was how much I enjoyed them. It was truly relaxing. After two classes I had three positions down pat.
Mountain Pose: Standing with my feet together and arms at my side. Straight legs, then I tuck my butt in. Inhale and extend my arms up. Finally exhale and release my arms back to my sides. Not real sexy but it did show off my tiny breasts in a good way.
Child's Pose: First I kneel with my toes tucked under. Then I lower my butt towards my feet and stretch my upper body forward and push my arms forward. With my stomach resting on my thighs, then I place my forehead on the mat. Anyone behind me would get a great view of certain parts.
Finally there is one called downward-facing dog: This one would really put everything on display. Feet and hands flat on the floor. With my knees under my hips I look like an upside down V and with my feet shoulder width apart everything is exposed. I mean everything. The best thing about the dog position I pretended to need help getting everything in the right place.
At the class June was eager to help but when we decided to practice after dinner the next night she was too busy with her own workout. Maybe Johnny could help? "Hey little brother, I'm stuck. Can you give me a hand? This dog thing is hard to master. I'm afraid to spread my legs without a little support. Can you stand behind me and hold my hips for balance? Ya...just like that."
Did I mention that I could look back between my legs and see my little brother from the waist down? I should mention he wasn't really that little by now. What was about four inches was now a good solid six. It was a real solid six and my favorite size. Smaller didn't fill me up enough and bigger could be hurtful in certain positions. I was fantasying, not a good thing when the object is your brother. If I was to slip backwards just a foot or so it would happen. He would just slide right in without any effort.
Before I made a stupid decision June managed to fall over and it brought me back to my senses. Damn her again. I shouldn't be thinking or acting like this. He's my brother for Pete's sake. Which made me remember Pete for a moment and how would Pete and Johnny compare in bed?
By now I'm thinking should I find out? Brother or not, I was on the verge of needing what a man has. Besides I let June have a turn and she said it was very satisfactory. She encouraged me to do something. Could I really go to his bed?
I had suggested the yoga thing just to see if she was correct about Johnny being interested in my body. I knew that doing yoga naked would involve being exposed at times. The dog position certainly proved that certain views did interest him. The question was it just the view or was it me and my parts that were causing the reaction. How do I find out? My heads was telling me no, this was a bad idea. My crotch was telling me you need a good poking.
Part 7
That night in bed and after June and I had worked up a second sweat we were resting in each other's arms. "Well what are you going to do? I saw the big boner when he was helping you and I could tell you could see it also."
"I don't know what to do. I can't say I'm not tempted. It looked so delicious. But do it with my brother? Really do it with my brother? Maybe I should look up an old boyfriend for a quickie."
"If you got outside for a fucking I'm going to be pissed."
"Maybe we should get out the strap-on. That might do the trick."
"Ok...Step...here's the deal, either you get in his bed and get screwed or I'm going back and join him. He needs his balls drained and I don't mean by his own hand. He needs it in the proper fashion, if not in a pussy at least in a mouth. Who's it going to be? Me or you, you got till tomorrow night to make up your mind. By the way did I mention he tastes as good as he fucks?"
Part 8
My girlfriend had pushed the envelope and why was she doing that? I had to make up my mind. Commit incest with Johnny. If I gave him a blow job, is that incest? June bug said he tasted good. Which must mean he was able to get it up twice the night she visited him? He's twenty-six years old. Can old guys do it twice in the same night? Would he even want to fuck his sister? Could I ask him? Maybe we could just swap oral? I think I could get the whole thing in my mouth. Guys like that too right? Would he want to give me head? So many questions and no answers are there?
Well yes there was one way to find out. No maybe two ways. One was to crawl into his bed and see where it leads. He could kick me out or we could spend an hour or two together. The other choice would be to ask him. That might be a bad idea. Maybe June could ask him? I can picture that conversation...'Hay Johnny you wanna fuck Step? She's got a real sweet pussy. How about she meets you in your room in about fifteen minutes?'
Ok, I'm going to just invite myself in to his bed tonight, or maybe tomorrow night. Did June set a deadline? What if he is appalled? Would he kick me out? What if it drives him to a motel? If the truth is to be told I, we both, loved having him live here. He cooked, he cleaned, he helped pay the rent and I hadn't seen a utility bill since he move in. And why am I putting off this decision?
Fuck it, get ready Johnny tonight's the night, or maybe tomorrow night. I wonder what his schedule is like for the rest of the week. I better check he might have plans.
That was a good idea so I sent him a text at work.Hi, what's happening, any big plans for the night?
Nope nothing at all, why?
I could answer back with the truth but I think not.Just checking, I'm making beef stew for supper. See ya in a bit.
Ok, I'm going to do it, tonight. I'm going to excuse myself from June's bed and join my brother in his. He better appreciate the sacrifices I'm making here.
Part 9
I did it. I made an excuse at bedtime. I told June I had to tell Johnny something. "Yah... you go ahead and tell him something. Tell him you want to suck him off. Tell him if he can get it up a second time you'll take him for a ride."
I did. Well not quit the way June suggested. First I rode him, then he did me doggy and the third time he got hard I gave him the blow job. To finish he gave me one great licking. I was keeping count, three times for Johnny and five orgasms for me. What a night.
I slept like a dead person after we finished. All I could think of was thank you June. That's a lie, I was thinking could do this again soon? Like maybe tomorrow night. I didn't have anything else planned and if we skipped the evening news we could start earlier. Maybe skip the normal movie, hell maybe skip dinner.
It didn't work out the way of course. I returned to June's bed the next night. I had to give her detailed description of the events from the previous night's activities. Then we fell into our own set of activities. The following day I could hardly get out of bed. Thankfully it was a Saturday and didn't even get up until after eleven.
June and Johnny were in the kitchen, giggling and laughing while the toast was burning in the mini-oven. Their heads were only inched apart I wondered had they been kissing. As they looked up at me, dragging my naked, bruised and abused body to a chair, June popped up bright and cheerful to get me a cup of life saving coffee.
As I settled down June told me, "I would like to suggest an idea to you. You don't need to give an answer right away. But I would like you to give it some serious thought."
I nodded my sore head. Could too much good sex give a person a hangover?
"Ok...listen up. Here's my plan. Johnny should move in permanently. We can share the rent. We can share the grocery bill. We can share the utilities bill. And Johnny is on board with this one hundred percent. Now for the best part and Johnny really likes this part. We, you and I, share Johnny."
I looked at her like she had lost her mind, "And just how does that work? Are we going to have a schedule? Monday is June's turn? Step gets him on Thursday? What about the other days?"
"You hit it right on the head. I knew you had a knack for organization. Except for one little missing detail, Saturday nights, we, all three of us, get together in our bedroom because we have the king size bed. I love the idea. Johnny loves the idea. All we need is your blessing. If you say no the idea dies a rapid death."
"I think it's the best idea you have ever come up with. I am so fucked out right now that I'll need a break until Thursday. It's even better than your idea about this being a clothes free zone and that was a brilliant idea."
Of course was the clothes free zone idea that may have led to this outcome or was it my yoga idea of displaying my delectable body? I love it when my masterplans work so well. Johnny gets lovely partners three nights a week. I get a warm male body to keep me from going outside for a real cock when I need one and best of all I get my June the other nights. It's a win-win for me, for June and for Johnny.
The end