This deal with my boyfriend is we are a monogamous couple, i.e., we are not to have sex or get involved with anyone else when we are apart. But I had to go on a trip a few months back, and something did happen. I don't know why this happened, but it did.
I met a cute guy who seemed really nice, and I didn't get at first that he was actually attracted to me. A lot of other men were hitting on me at that time, due to the circumstances of where we were and what we were doing, but I shrugged them all off. But all the attention started to get to me, I guess, because I started feeling kind of horny, sort of against my will. It's hard when men keep touching you, placing their arm around you, commenting on how nice you look. It seemed like sex was in the air down there, plus it was hot and we all dressed in relatively skimpy clothes much of the time.
Anyway, this one guy seemed special and different and I didn't get what his interest in me was at first, so I guess I was vulnerable to his advances. Or maybe I'm just making excuses here.
I can't get into too many details, because this is a true story. But, one night, he offered to show me around the local area, and afterward, we were sitting in the car outside the place where we were staying, smoking cigarettes, and I was complaining about all those other gross guys hitting on me. He said, "You should take it as a nice thing, you know, because it just shows how cute you are."
I do know that I have a nice body. I am 5'6" and maybe 120 pounds, rather slender. My hair is dyed blond, I'm brown-eyed, my breasts are small (but tender!) and everything else is in good working order. I look younger than I am, which means men of all ages approach me, and I am in good shape.
Enough description. When he said that I felt my stomach flutter, always a sure sign that I was open for something to happen.
Then this guy really surprised me when he suddenly gave me a piece of jewelry he said he had made and I loved it. "Here, let me show you how it works," he said. As he did so, his hands brushed my breasts, covered only by a tiny tank top. I blushed, thanked him and gave him a hug.
My nipples hardened and I felt a sudden rush of attraction for him. Now, I should explain this a bit. We had met a week before, and we were both involved in doing some local work I felt was important. He seemed sincere and decent enough, very smart and funny. We had been out for dinner and drinks at a local bar, as part of his showing me around, and while he didn't really directly flirt with me, I had definitely found him more and more interesting as the night went on.
Now, before I really knew what I was doing, we were somehow locked in a passionate embrace. He was kissing me and I was kissing back. Kissing alone gets me going, almost instantly. Our tongues were inside each other's mouths and believe me it felt heavenly. Suddenly, his hand was under my tank top and he was caressing my breasts, cupping them and softly pinching my nipples. God, I love it when a man touches me that way. I momentarily forgot we were parked in a public place, with people all around, and what this must look like to anyone passing by. We were steaming up the windshield, his hands on my breasts, my tongue in his mouth, my ass wriggling excitedly off the seat. I'm sure I looked like such a slut.
Somehow I didn't care. It all just felt so good I didn't want him to stop. I thought about my boyfriend but decided what he didn't know probably wouldn't hurt him. (I was wrong about that, but we'll get to that.)
This is where I faced an awful choice. My would-be lover was really getting excited. Not only was he kissing me, quite violently now, and caressing my tits, he had my shirt up to my neck, for all to see, and he was unbuttoning my pants. I cannot tell you how much I wanted him to continue. My pussy was swelling up and it was already so wet! If I just stayed still, he would soon have the pants undone, and pull them and my panties down to my ankles. Soon, his hands would be all over my hungry pussy. Then, I knew, I would jump on top of him and fuck him right here in this car and it would feel lovely, wonderful, unforgettably explosive.
But I stopped him.
I made his hand stop unbuttoning my pants. We stopped kissing, he stopped caressing me. Everything stopped. I pulled my shirt back over my tits. We smoked another cigarette. I turned to him to explain why I stopped him, but he shushed my lips with a finger and gently started kissing me again. I can't say why but I kissed back. I just love to kiss, and after all, I reasoned, the damage had already been done in that regard.
Sure enough, his hands got back under my shirt, only this time he somehow got my tanktop over my head and off me in one deft motion. People were still milling around this place, which is a very busy, public venue, and I was sure someone could see me naked from the waist up through the foggy windshield, but I just didn't care. I used to sunbathe topless at a local beach and to tell the truth, men's stares excite me enough that I can really get myself off afterward, just thinking about how their eyes look when they ogle me.
Then this guy really made a good move. He started kissing my breasts. I love it for my tits to be kissed. I felt his several-day growth of whiskers rubbing against my soft skin and it really turned me on. I cradled his head and just moaned out loud, I felt so wickedly depraved. With his head between me and my middle, he moved quickly again. This time he had my pants undone and open, my bottom lifted and my pants and panties down in an instant. As I felt my bare bottom settle back down on the seat, I realized I was almost a goner. If his fingers or tongue got into my pussy there would be no turning back.
Before he could proceed, I said, "No," and pushed him away. I quickly dressed and told him we really had to stop. I didn't want this, it felt great and he seemed really nice, but we just couldn't go on.
I got out of the car and went inside, and tried to go to sleep, though it was tough with soaking panties and a heart that just kept skipping all night. Days later, when I got home, I started regretting this choice. After all, we only live once, and this was one of those special occasions that doesn't come along all that often. I had the guy's phone number and email so I contacted him both of those ways. He wanted to know what I thought about what had happened that night, so I wrote him a long description, somewhat like the above, without so many explicit details, but capturing how exciting it had been for me.
Unfortunately, my boyfriend, who for some reason had been suspicious ever since I got home, (he claims he's psychic) discovered this on the computer, and went ballistic.
I assured him nothing really had happened, after all we had not had sex, and I had stopped it before that happened, but I admitted that I had made out and been felt up. I didn't admit how turned on I had gotten. He was so mad he pulled down my jeans then and there and put me across his lap and spanked me so hard I cried. He kept at it until my cheeks were red, then he turned me over and started a long night of repeated sex. He fucked me every way a woman can be fucked. I realized this whole thing had both hurt him yet had also turned him on.
I love my boyfriend's penis, especially I love to suck it. It is thick and smooth and his cum is so sweet; I take it all the way back in my throat and he just adores when I do this. My favorite thing about him is the way he strokes me, he knows just how to touch the tip of my clit in a way that brings me to climaxes more intense than I have ever before experienced with a man. This night he talked about my experience with this other man and I really starting building to a super climax. When I was just about to explode with orgasms, I screamed "fuck me!" and he pumped his fingers into me; then he jumped on top of me and thrust that delightful cock of his deep inside me. He filled me up and as I bucked against him I came again and again.
After this all-night fuck fest, I realized I was more in love with him than ever, so I immediately dropped off corresponding with the other guy, who turned out to be something of a jerk, after all. Instead I had some of the greatest sex of my life with my boyfriend.
I'm not sure if there's a moral to this story. But I admit I have mixed feelings about the whole incident now, several months later. I know I made a mistake, but it seems to have rejuvenated my sex life in ways I never would have predicted. My boyfriend is very suspicious of me now, however, and I have to admit I am a bit wary myself about what I may do the next time I meet a guy who attracts me, as well. I have fantasies of turning into a whore. I have exhibitionistic fantasies. I wonder if something like what happened in the front seat of that car that night is going to happen to me again.
Plus, I am going back to where this incident happened, this time for two whole months. My boyfriend is suspicious. I am too...