It was late next morning when Madison, lying naked as usual in her bed, got a text from Dan.
"Hey there," he began. "We had a lot of fun last night, and I know you did too."
"Thanks," Madison wrote back simply. She felt exhausted, and despite her history of lewd behavior, she actually felt ashamed. She had let seven guys use her holes the night before. Seven! She shuddered after the thought.
"Eww!" She said to herself. "Eww eww eww!" Six of the guys she had only met an hour or so before. She didn't know any of their names, nothing about them at all. And she had allowed them to just - use her! Use her like a toy and toss her aside! She may have been an exposed webslut, but she had never felt so disgusting.
"I really have to stop behaving like a slut," she thought. "I mean - internet exposure and everything that comes with it is one thing. But at least it can't get me pregnant, and at least I can't catch anything doing it. And - and I don't know if - like, I could probably make excuses for that," she lied to herself. "But how do you make excuses for letting yourself get gangbanged by a room full of guys you just met and don't know their names? I really am turning into a slut. Or maybe I've already turned into one."
Madison's self-deprecating thoughts were interrupted, however, by another text from Dan.
"Glad you came clean to me last night. You know, about the whole Webslut Madison thing. I've been watching your videos all morning. I mean, holy shit. That is raw. I honestly can't believe some of it!"
"Thanks," Madison said nonchalantly. "I get really into it sometimes."
"Yeah, no shit!" Dan replied. "I mean, I can believe it. Believe it all. And I do, because I know you, and I know how much of a slut you are. I knew it that day outside our class last year when you had it written on your body and I took you back to my apartment and fucked you. But damn! Some of that shit it just hot as hell!"
"Anything in particular?" Madison asked. She rolled over onto her back and softly stroked her pussy.
"Ohhhh, fuck. Here we go again. Just a dumb used up gangbanged shown off slut and I'm already getting turned on because Dan likes my videos," she thought. "I'm - I'm just such a slut for wanting it like this."
"Yeah, definitely. The one where you pounded your throat with that dildo, holy fuck. I didn't know a girl could enjoy destroying her own throat until she cried, even a nasty slut like you. The one where you had to have that stranger write slut on you. The one where you were naked in the snow, freezing your tits off and talking about how you don't deserve clothes. Slapping the shit out of your own face. Begging to be exposed all over, begging for your life to be ruined. Damn, Madison! I want to make it happen!"
"Please, Dan," she began. "Don't take that too seriously. I know you could do it if you wanted to."
"It's going to happen whether I do it or not."
"Probably. I'm kinda fucked. It's just a matter of time before anyone can google my name and find it. Find everything. And before my friends and my parents find out. God, I'm going to be so humiliated and so fucked."
"Yeah, probably." Madison started stroking her pussy more heavily, sliding two fingers in between her moistening lips.
"You really want it don't you? Dan asked.
"I don't know. I mean I used to think it was just a hot fantasy. But I basically can't cum without it and I know if and when it happens I'm going to cum so hard."
"You dirty little slut. You're probably fingering yourself right now just thinking about it, aren't you?"
"Yes," Madison admitted. "But please, can we let this go on, get me more spread around and irreversibly exposed so I completely lose control before my life is actually ruined?" Madison asked. She closed her eyes, thinking about how stupid she was for actually wanting that, for actually wanting her reputation ruined forever and to be completely humiliated for it. She could have just turned into a cum slut that sucked every cock in sight and had a reputation for that - at least she's still be able to teach! Slowly, she slid two fingers inside her aching pussy and took a deep breath.
"I can't wait to get my fucking life and reputation ruined forever," she whispered to herself as she arched her back and slipped into an alternate reality.
Madison came hard again that morning. That night, she met Dan for dinner, and he told her what he had planned. He wanted her to go to the auditorium on a Tuesday night and he would tell her the rest.
She showed up, of course, two Tuesdays later, and after being blindfolded and wearing noise-canceling earphones, depriving her of sight and sound, she walked onto the stage and sat in a chair.
"Take off your shirt," Dan ordered, speaking into her headphones, once she was seated.
"Dan?! Are you crazy? Right here?"
"Yes, slut. You know you want to."
A million thoughts rushed through Madison's mind. "Who is in the auditorium?" She thought. "Sure, it could be nobody, just a way to heighten my arousal without actually showing me off. But when has Dan ever done that? He just made me fuck a room full of his friends I had barely met!"
Her thoughts raged on. "What if - fuck, what if he filled the room with a bunch of our classmates and he's finally doing it, making me expose myself and show them what I really am, just an exposed, shown off, passed-around slut?" The thought was terrifying. After all, she certainly wasn't sure she wanted to be outed in front of her entire class. But she was also incredibly aroused at the thought - the thought of being made to strip on stage in front of those same people. "Am I crazy?!" She thought.
"Dan, I - I mean sort of, but - but - who's out there?"
"Don't worry about that, sweetie," Dan said with a chuckle.
"But - I mean - it could be, like - anybody. Everybody, our whole class..."
"Is that who you want it to be, Madison?"
"No!" She half-lied.
"Now, listen. I know you love to be exposed, and you know it too, don't you?"
"I mean - well- he's, but -"
"And do you think I'd make you do something like this - strip, here - if I thought you didn't actually want it deep down?"
The question baffled Madison for a minute. "Deep down? She thought. "I mean, deep down I want to be exposed in front of everybody, classmates, old friends, my parents' neighbors, old teachers...deep down I want to be reduced to nothing but the most famous whore on the internet. But I'm reality..."
"Madison?" Dan asked, breaking her train of thought.
"Yeah. I mean, deep down, sure," she said without thinking. "Wait," she thought. "What am I saying? Deep down do I want that, or is it just a hot fantasy that I've come way too close to fulfilling? Deep down has to just be a fantasy!
"Then take it off," came the instructions again. Shit, thought Madison, too late.
"Take it off now. Or everyone you know gets a little surprise - a video of sweet, innocent little Madison being the willing target of a gangbang!"
"Fuck!" She thought. She knew she really didn't have much choice. She knew she didn't want THAT to happen, and she had basically given Dan permission to force her, blackmail her into furthering her exposure. Plus, her pussy was starting to get wet.
Slowly, Madison lifted her shirt. It was a slightly- cropped T-shirt, only showing an inch or so of her stomach, the kind of shirt she knew she'd have to either cut up or get rid of if she really committed to dressing like a slut full-time at the beginning of the next year. And slowly, more and more of Madison's stomach was exposed, and then her chest, as she carefully pulled the shirt off over her blindfold and her headphones.
"There," she said. "Happy?" She sighed, a little relieved that nothing important was actually showing. But Dan had other ideas, of course.
"Okay. Now let me help you out of those shorts," he said as he tugged on the button. Her shorts were denim and short, a hint of her ass visible from the rear. Dan grabbed the top hem and pulled down, taking her panties with the shorts as he roughly, quickly pulled the shorts down to her knees and then off over her feet.
"Spread your legs!" Dan ordered.
"Dan, are you - are you making me get naked - here? Who's out there? What if somebody comes in?"
"I know you like being exposed. You're a Webslut for a reason!" He said. He was already behind her, unclasping her bra.
"Dan! Not to the whole school!" She pleaded. "Who's out there? Hello?" She called. But of course, she couldn't hear a thing.
Dan unhooked her bra and pulled it over her shoulders.
"Fuck! Dan!" He didn't respond, he just slapped her across the face, then whispered into the headset he was wearing, the one that was connected by Bluetooth to Madison's headphones.
"We both know how much you love being exposed. What a little whore you are. You love being shown off, don't you, Madison?"
"Dan, please - I don't even - I can't -" she stammered. She folded her arms across her chest, covering her exposed tits as she sat in her chair, quivering, her mind racing. "I can't fucking strip naked here! There could be a hundred other students here! Or five hundred!" She thought. For all she knew, Dan had set up this elaborate scheme to expose her as a slut - or even as a Webslut - to the whole school! It would spread like wildfire! Everyone she knew - or everyone from school, at least - would be watching her videos, and see her getting gang banged, see her intentionally roughing up her throat, her face - she'd be ruined!
Dan leaned over and stroked her panty-covered pussy. "Mmmmm, so wet," he whispered.
"Fuck! Why do I want this!" Madison thought. "Why do I get so damned turned on every time I think about being exposed, shown off, outed to the whole school!"
"You're such a fucking dirty little slut and you know it," Dan continued.
"Ohhhhh!" Madison moaned as he pressed two fingers through her panties and into her pussy.
"Stand up. Put your arms down and take these off."
"Dan? Please?" She begged. But as she spoke the words, her body betrayed her. She was already rising from the chair.
"Now, slut. Or I'm taking your clothes and leaving and calling everyone I know to watch the dumb almost naked slut try to get back to her apartment in just a skimpy pair of panties!"
"How many, Dan?! She inquired as she stood, the nervousness readily apparent in her voice. "How many are out there?" She asked shakily.
"I'm not telling you that!"
"Dan!"
"You loved stripping in front of all my friends, getting groped, felt up, used, didn't you?"
When there was no response, he slapped her hard in the face.
"Didn't you?" He asked again.
"Y-yes," she squeaked.
"Why?" Dan asked. Madison stood, her arms covering her tits, and Dan exploited this by running his fingers over her thin panties, arousing her even more.
"B-because," Madison said. "Damn it," she thought. "I'm too horny to stop, he's going to fucking break me to where I can't stop myself!"
Dan slapped her even harder this time. "Because why, slut?!" He demanded.
That slap took Madison from one universe to another. Before she was a college girl, struggling against feelings of shame and embarrassment, and afterward, she felt like such a whore, but she was intensely aroused by those same feelings. She felt low, pathetic, even worthless. It brought back all the feelings she felt during her month of denial - how she was an object, not a person. How her purpose was to please others, not herself, even if it meant complete ruination of her mind, her career, her life, in order to give others that pleasure.
"B-because I'm a worthless exhibitionist slut and I - and I get off on being - being shown off and -"
"And humiliated?"
"Yes! Yes, and humiliated!"
"Good. Now put your arms down and take off your panties!"
Madison shook her head. She just couldn't bring herself to do it. Dan, seeing this, reached out and grabbed her panties and ripped them to her ankles, exposing her neatly shaven cunt.
"Dan!" Madison shrieked. She instantly moved one arm to cover her exposed pussy, trying her best to cover both tits with the other arm. Dan coolly walked around to her backside as she stood there, slightly bent, but not moving a muscle. He slowly began running his finger through her ass crack, over her sphincter, as she tried her best not to moan.
"You're loving this, aren't you, slut?"
"Y-yes, I - I need it, Dan!"
"What do you need? Tell me."
"I need them all to know - to know what a slut I am!"
"Then sit down, spread your legs wide, and tell them how much of a slut you are while you fuck yourself."
Madison swallowed. Was he really ordering her to masturbate in front of a room full of people? She wondered. But she had already been betrayed by her sexual urges, and no matter how much the sane, conservative, future teacher in her wanted to run away, the desperate, depraved slut in her wanted nothing more than to be humiliated.
Dan took her hand and led her to the chair. Slowly, she sat, her whole body shaking as she turned around and placed her ass in the chair before scooting it forward, toward the audience. Dan picked up her left leg and placed it neatly on the arm of the chair.
"Dan! What are you doing? What is that?!" She squealed. She felt fabric against her ankle and tried to tug, but it was no use - her leg was fastened securely, tied to the lower front part of the chair arm. Before she knew it, as she struggled against the restraint, her right ankle was receiving the same treatment.
"Dan, I'm - I'm spread wide open!" She cried.
"Shut up. You know you like it, slut. Now tell us all what you are while you fuck yourself."
"Dan?! Are you crazy?!"
"No. If anyone's crazy here, it's you! Now tell me what you are!"
"Dan, I - this is - I'm - this is scary! Take it - the blindfold! Take it off me, please, Dan!"
"Just tell us all you're a slut," he said, chuckling. Of course, he made no move toward loosening her blindfold. Her arms were free, he reasoned, and she could have removed it herself if she was truly not enjoying this. And for her part, Madison made no effort to remove it either.
Several seconds passed, punctuated by a hard slap to the right side of Madison's face. "Now!" Dan said, more harshly this time.
Madison bit her lip, trying her damnedest not to give away the arousal she felt. She paused for a moment, fear washing over her, part of her wanting to just rip the blindfold off and see how badly she was being exposed - how many people were watching her. But her hand betrayed her, it slowly crept toward her spread-open, wet, throbbing pussy.
"What are you, Madison?" Dan practically shouted. He hit her again, harder this time, forcing her head to turn to the right.
Madison trembled. She let out a surprised but electrified utterance, spread her legs a little wider, and felt her throbbing cunt with her hand. Slowly she opened her mouth. "I - I'm just a slut," she said softly.
"Louder." He hit her again.
"I said I'm a slut!" She said loudly.
"Good. And you're enjoying this, aren't you?"
"God, yes!"
"You like being exposed, shown off, humiliated, isn't that right?" He slapped her again.
"Ohhhh! Yes sir!"
"And you like being slapped in the face. It makes you feel like a whore, doesn't it?" He placed his hand under her chin, squeezing her throat as he spoke to her.
"Yes, I - I am - I'm such a whore!"
"Good. Now prove it. Fuck yourself."
Madison slowly inserted two fingers into her wet, waiting slit, shivering in excitement as she did. She breathed heavily but steadily, trying not to reveal how much this was actually turning her on. If Dan knew that - he'd make her strip in front of the class or something equally ridiculous, she thought. And as soon as she thought about this, her mind slipped into a perverted fantasy.
"Front of the class, slut!" Dan commanded in her fantasy. "Clothes off. Now! Show them what you are!"
Tears fell from Madison's face as she rose and walked slowly to the front of the room, her short skirt not quite covering her ass and her tiny top not doing much to cover her breasts or her back. She couldn't believe what she was doing - following orders, yes, but intentionally and knowingly ruining her reputation in the process - in front of possibly the most important class of her career. It was a class full of students who had pledged to become teachers, to bring up the next generation of young minds. And there she was, among them, just a slut for exposure and use.
"Turn around!" She heard him command. "Shirt off. Show them all. You know how much you need this!"
Madison began to cry harder as she reached for the bottom of her shirt, which was only about three inches from the bottom of her tits. Her whole stomach was already on display, along with some cleavage. Slowly, she raised her shirt, her breasts falling out as she had not worn a bra that day. She looked down briefly and pulled the shirt over her head, exposing the word "slut" written in large letters in red marker across her chest. Her whole class stared at the topless, exposed beauty in front of them, mouths open.
"Explain it, tell them - tell them what you are!"
"I - I mean -" Madison began. Tears rolled down her cheeks and she sniffled. "I'm - I'm a slut," she said with a sigh. Just then, her arousal took over and she could not stop herself.
"I'm a nasty, stupid - dumb degraded slut! I just - I want to be - to be exposed for you all, for everyone. I want this. I want to be slapped and degraded and called filthy names. I want my reputation ruined."
"Skirt off!" Madison nodded, too turned on to reply, and quickly slid the skirt down to the floor and stepped out of it, revealing her shaved pussy as she has not worn panties either.
"I'm online everywhere," she explained. "I'm Webslut Madison. Google me. Spread me around. Fuck, film me now, I want it. I want to be ruined so bad, I -"
"Didn't you fucking hear me?" Dan slapped her, jolting her back to reality. "I said tell them how much you love to be exposed."
"I love it," she said to the auditorium. "I'm a webslut. Webslut Madison, I'm all over the internet, please just use me, spread me -"
"I watched all your filthy videos, slut," said Dan. He slapped her tit this time, and she plunged a third finger into her pussy.
"You know which one was my favorite?"
"Please, please tell me!" She said as she fingered herself harder.
"Well, I liked the one where you destroyed your own throat with a dildo. Such a sick little whore. And I liked the one where you begged to be ruined- have your life completely ruined forever."
"Ohhhhh fuck yes, Dan! I want it!" Madison could not stop herself now. "Show me off to the whole school, the class, make me a bigger slut! Make me dress like a whore every day. Make me write slut on my stomach and show the whole class! Tell everyone what I am - who I am! Make me regret it and ruin me, ohhhhhh!"
Dan took a step back and watched the events he had set in motion unfold.
"Please, Dan! Please tell me you'll help me- ohhhh, hell me ruin myself! Ohhhh fuck, help me destroy my life and reputation! I need it!"
"You do. Don't you? You really want it!"
"Ohhhh fuck yes! I hope there's a hundred people watching me, no - two hundred! I hope they all tell their friends! I hope I'm completely outed! I hope they tell my parents! I want this Dan, ohhhhh fuck, fuck, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, ohhhh god!"
Madison shook violently as she exploded into orgasm. A million thoughts raced through her head. Who was watching her? How many? How many now knew her dirty little secret? Oh, God, it was so, so humiliating - and she was loving it!
"Ohhhh God, come here and fuck me, Dan! Come here and fuck me and tell me what a dirty little whore I am!" She begged.
"You are a dirty little whore, but I'm not fucking you," he said with a smirk.
"Dan, I - please!"
"No."
"W- why?"
"I watched you take half a dozen dicks from guys you had never met. Yeah, they were my friends. But still. You're fucking nasty, Madison. Hey, maybe we should call you Nasty Maddie."
"Dan, you told me to! You - I mean - you let them -"
"Oh, come on, Madison. I just wanted to show you off, it was your idea to let them all run a train on you!"
Madison stopped and thought for a moment. Jesus, he was right! It was her idea! How much of a slut was she turning into?
"Dan, I - I mean, I haven't - that was the first time! I haven't - I mean, not since then!"
"The answer is no, slut."
Madison's hands fell to her sides, dejected. Here was the one guy she thought would always want her no matter how nasty she was, and he didn't even want to fuck her anymore. No matter that she was a highly attractive college girl or that they had fucked in the past or that she was spread open begging him. He wouldn't touch her!
"Dan, this isn't fair!"
"How so?"
"I got off. Now it's your turn!"
"Fair point. I'll let you stroke my cock. That's all. Understand?" Madison nodded, hoping if she got him hard he would give in and penetrate her.
Slowly, Dan pulled down his pants and approached her. He pulled his shirt off and placed it over Madison's throbbing pussy as a barrier between it and his cock, then laid his stiffening cock on top of her hole, teasing her through the fabric as she reached out and grabbed it.
"Ohhhh, that's it, give me that cock!" She moaned as she began to stroke it.
"You really want to be shown off to the whole school, Madison?" He teased.
"I - Ohhhh, definitely," she said seductively.
"You know, I watched all your videos where you make a lot of good suggestions," he said as she stroked him.
"Mmmmm, I want it all, Dan!"
"You want to be forced to dress like a slut all the time? In class and everything?"
"Ohhhh, God, yes, Dan!"
"I have some other ideas for you too."
"Mmmmm, what are they? Please please tell me!"
"I could come up with some rules for you...force yourself to write on yourself under your clothes every day, make you show me. Punish you if you forget or chicken out."
"Ohhhh, punish me how?"
"Showing off your slutty body. To, you know - people we go to school with, your friends, our classmates - show them everything, all your nasty videos, humiliate you for everyone to see."
"Ohhh, please, Dan, do it! I want you to ruin me!"
"Good. We are going to work on that wardrobe of yours too. Slutty clothes only. Ass plugged in class. No panties."
"Mmmmm, yes! Dan, I want you to cum for me!" Madison noticed his cock had become stiff as a board, so stiff she knew he was about to explode.
"I'll cum for you, you little slut. Just tell me what you are and what you want one more time."
"I'm a Webslut. Webslut Madison. And I want to be forced to dress like a slut every day. Be on display. Write on myself. Show off to everyone. I want the whole world to see me, Dan. I want to be spread around and ruined and lose control. I want to be known all over the world as just a dumb cunt who gets off on being exposed and degraded!"
"Ohhhh, I'm about to - I'm going to -"
"I want everyone to use me, Dan. I'm a slut for use. I'm a filthy fucking whore!"
"Ohhhh, I'm cumming you fucking slut! I'm cumming all over you!" And with that, Dan spouted thick ropes of cum across Madison's chest, down to her stomach, covering her in his white liquid.
Dan quickly ripped off Madison's blindfold, and she looked up at the seats in the auditorium. She breathed a sigh of relief as she saw one visitor - Adam, the guy Dan had made her fuck a few months ago.
"Ohhhh, fuck, that was hot!" Madison exclaimed. "I didn't know if - you know," she said.
"If what?"
"If there were like - I mean - if the room was full of people or something."
Dan chuckled. "You like the idea of that?"
"I mean - you know - I do, in a way," she said laughing.
"Okay. And just so you know, I was serious about you dressing like a slut. And writing things on yourself daily."
"Me too," she said with a smile. Dan untied her and softly kissed her, motioned to Adam, and walked out the door, leaving Madison to clean up and dress herself and leave on her own.
September was growing old and classes were in full swing. Madison thankfully hadn't engaged in any sexual extracurriculars - at least not with anyone on or around campus, except Dan - for a few weeks. She felt like she could use a little break following the night at Dan's where she serviced seven cocks. Truthfully, Madison thought if she took a break things would settle down a little bit and she could focus on school.
Of course, there were a few sexual escapades. After all, Madison wasn't the kind of girl who could just swear off sex entirely and stick with it. Every couple of days, she would check the status of her online exposure. She felt so humiliated. She was nervous - scared, really - that someone she knew would see her and find out about her. Or, even worse, what if they already had?
But the nervousness would always lead to excitement as she fantasized over and over again about her own ruination. It seemed like every time she checked on her exposure, it ended up with her fantasizing about some different scenario. There was one where she was forced - assaulted, really - by the mailman at her parents' house. In another fantasy, her professor took advantage of her by threatening to recommend her for expulsion if she didn't comply.
And there were more, too. She had to travel around the world and fuck a thousand men to get them to finally agree to take down her reposted online content so she could go on with her life. In another, she never could wipe her presence off the internet, was repeatedly rejected for jobs and wound up homeless and jobless after graduation, a prostitute, selling her body for as little as necessary to make ends meet. That one touched a nerve for her, somehow - that was, of all of her fantasies, probably the most realistic and the most likely.
Sometimes Madison wished it would all go away. Several night she lay awake in bed, wondering why she had chosen this path. She wondered why she couldn't just be "normal," and want a normal loving relationship with a normal age-appropriate guy and have a normal house and a couple of kids and a good career. Truth be told, she really did want those things, but something always got in the way. When she was aroused, she didn't want them at all. She wanted constant, hard use, and she wanted to spread her videos around to the ends of the earth. She wanted to ruin her own life and get off on it over and over until she laid in bed, unable to move, withering away.
Yet, other than masturbation and playing around online, she really wasn't doing much sexually. Oh, sure, there was the day Dan sent her an outfit to wear to class - a tight fitting teal cropped T-shirt and a mini skirt - which made her feel like an even dumber slut as she sat in class. He made her write "slut" and other degrading words and phrases on her body several times over those weeks. "Just in case you get into an accident and rushed to the hospital," he would say with a chuckle, citing his parents' explanation for why one should always wear clean underwear. "The doctors have to know you're open for business."
She chuckled a little too, relishing the thought of waking up from a short and completely unrealistic coma, bound to her hospital bed, man after man coming to use her.
Madison's online blackmailer had pretty much left her alone. He did occasionally send a message suggesting that she take steps to take down all her videos from the various porn sites to which she had been posted, and return to his control. Because, after all, he really was looking out for her, trying to enable her to achieve a high-quality role play of some of her sexual fantasies without her total ruination. He told her he really did care about her and hoped she knew what she was doing, because it might already be too late to save her from her own self-destruction.
But one day in late September, she got a text from Dan. Ahhh, Dan - the one guy who still seemed interested in forcing her, pushing her, making her do things she would certainly going to regret one day. But that day was not here, and she always felt a big rush when he was pushing her.
"Meet me in the old auditorium again at 9 PM sharp," if began. "Backstage. There's something I need you to do. And don't forget our little arrangement - I have enough dirt on you by now I could ruin you if I wanted and we both know it."
Madison trembled as she opened the door wearing a simple maroon cropped T-shirt and jeans. She wondered if Dan had planned to expose her to a wider audience, or if he was just wanting to get her aroused fantasizing about it again.
"Clothes off. Now." Was all she heard as she closed the back door behind her.
"What? Dan?"
"You heard me," he replied.
Trembling, Madison reached for her shirt, removing it, trying not to reveal how nervous she was. She lifted it over her head and threw it aside.
"Bra too. Dumb sluts shouldn't wear bras anyway."
Madison nodded and unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor.
"Dan, what are you - ahhhhh!" She shrieked as he grabbed her and slid a blindfold over her eyes. "What are you doing?! Please!"
Dan didn't answer. Instead, he pushed her to the floor, pulled her close to him so her back was up against his legs, and pulled a leather mask over her head. It was fitted with a mouth hole for breathing, of course, and potentially more, and beneath the mouth hole there was a small zipper which closed the mask around the bottom of her chin. The two sides of the mask were fitted with metal rings which he proceeded to lock together with a small padlock, ensuring she could not remove the mask on her own. The mouth hole was really quite large and left both cheeks exposed.
"Dan?! Please, what is this!"
"Shut up and do as I say!"
"Dan?!"
"You trust me, don't you, slut?"
"I did, I -"
Dan slapped her right cheek three times in rapid succession as she fell to her back.
"I'm going to ask you again! Do you trust me?"
"Y-yes!" She cried softly.
"Then stand up and take off the rest!"
Madison quivered, quaked really, as she stood and licked off her shoes before unbuttoning her jeans and sliding them to her ankles.
"Panties too," Dan said, more softly this time. Madison just nodded and pulled those down as well before sitting and pulling the garments off. She was now nude except for her mask.
"Good," he said, pulling her to her feet and leading her away.
"Where are we going?!"
"To the stage."
"Dan?!"
"Shut up. You'll hear your instructions through the loudspeaker." And with that, he shoved her through the curtain and onto the stage floor headfirst before disappearing.
"Dan? Dan?!" She called. But there was no answer. She sniffled, not wanting to believe how she was being treated. She sat up and listened. Thank God, she didn't hear a sound. She sighed as she shook, thinking that perhaps this was another ruse, that there was nobody watching her after all.
Suddenly, Madison heard Dan's voice over the auditorium speaker system. "Stand up!" He said. "And don't you dare leave the stage, or trust me - you WILL regret it!"
Madison trembled as she stood slowly. She wanted nothing more to look around, to see if anyone was there. The thought - oh, God, the thought of her standing nude in front of an audience - who were they - her classmates? Her friends? Random people she went to school with? It excited her beyond belief, but it scared her just as well. She sighed, making a ring with her lips and exhaling. "Maybe they won't know who I am," she thought. "After all, they can't see my face. I mean, if there is anybody there-"
Her thoughts were punctuated by another command. "Hands on the back of your head! Display yourself!" Madison swallowed her saliva and did as she was told.
"Oh, God!" She thought. "I'm just - fuck, I'm just standing here like a stupid slut letting them all look at me!"
"Tell me what you are!"
Madison gulped. She had played with Dan enough by now that she knew exactly what he wanted her to say. He wanted her to say, out loud, that she was a slut. He wanted her to degrade herself, plunge herself into the abyss of uncontrolled arousal that always led to self-destruction. In front of whoever was watching, no less! Her body shook, and her pussy began to drip. "He's - he's making me do it - humiliate and degrade myself! God, why do I love this so much? Why do I want this?"
"Now!" Dan's voice boomed.
"I, I - I am a slut," she said softly.
"Louder, slut!"
"I said I'm a slut!" She said loudly, her voice quivering as she spoke.
"Good. What else. What do you love, slut?"
"I'm a slut and I love being exposed, and - shown off. Degraded. Humiliated. Ruined. I'm just a slut for use!"
"You're enjoying this, aren't you?"
"Yes, you - you have no idea."
"Keep your voice up!"
"Yes, I love this, posing and - and degrading myself!"
"You're getting turned on doing this, aren't you?"
"Yes," she said.
"Good. Hold that pose." Madison soon heard footprints approaching. She then felt the cool tip of a sharpie marker on her skin, just below her navel, and a hand on her stomach. She had written on her body enough by now to not mistake the sensation. She was even fairly convinced that he - or whoever it was - had written the word "slut" on her body for the entire audience - if one existed - to see. Her suspicions were soon confirmed.
"There. I've marked you as a slut." Madison stood there, holding her pose, not responding. She soon felt a hard slap across her face. "That means thank me, slut!"
"Thank you, sir!" Madison practically shouted, then swallowed again. "Why the fuck am I thanking him for this?" She thought to herself. "Thanking him for humiliating me. How pathetic!"
Madison held her pose as she felt the marker touch her body again. This time it was on her tits, and she has no idea what it said. Soon the marker left her skin and she felt nothing and heard nothing. She just stood there, trembling, wondering what was going to happen next.
"Slap your face, slut," she heard Dan say.
Madison swallowed. She had already been slapped by him, now she was being made to do it to herself! And she still had no idea if she was being watched, or if she was, by whom. But she felt like a despicable slut, and she knew she could not resist such a display of debauchery. So Madison slowly raised a hand to her face and gave herself a quick slap across her right cheek.
"Harder, slut. Tell me how much you need it!"
Madison swallowed again. God, she was nervous. What if her classmates were all out there watching her humiliate herself like this? What if she was admitting to all of them what she really was, the part of herself she had been so carefully keeping from them, even while she turned herself into a Webslut for all to see? She felt the tender flesh of her face, but she also felt a desire - a burning, aching desire - to be used, hurt, and humiliated in the most extreme of ways.
Madison pulled her hand away from her face and whipped it through the air, stinging her cheek with a hard slap. Her head swiveled a little, and she hit herself again for good measure. God, all the feelings of worthlessness, of arousal and of excitement came rushing back to her as she felt the third blow.
"I - I need to be slapped. In the face," she began speaking. She hit herself again, even harder this time. "Like this. Harder, if you can." Her voice trembled. She was no longer nervous, just aroused, and her arousal completely ate her alive, pushing her to a deeper level of craving the treatment she was receiving. "I am a slut, and I love being slapped in the face." She hit herself again, not even needing or wanting to be told. She knew how much she needed it.
Her voice shook audibly as she continued to speak. "I deserve to be slapped repeatedly. I love it because - because it makes me feel like such a dumb little whore. I'm a dumb fucking cunt for wanting this - wanting abuse."
Madison sniffled as she struck herself again and continued. "I - I need to be humiliated and - and hurt - in the worst ways - I - I can't even get aroused anymore without it!" She gave herself the hardest slap yet and went on. "That's how much of a slut I am."
"Good. Now sit down and open your legs wide. Slap your stupid whore cunt and make it hurt."
Madison nodded, still quivering, and sat without saying a word. She opened her legs and moved her hand closer to her pussy. The lights of the auditorium shone down on her, illuminating her bright red right cheek, and displaying her pussy for all to see - at least, if anyone was there.
She raised her hand and brought it down harshly on her wet cunt. "Do you like this? Do you like the way I slap my pussy for you? Do you like it when I slap myself?" She continued to rain down blows on her own pussy as she spoke. "Because I - I like it - I crave it and I need it - I need you to watch me do this, to - to slap myself like a dumb slut." When she finished this sentence, her pussy had turned a bright shade of pink and had grown incredibly engorged and puffy.
"See this? See what this does to me?" She said as she inserted two fingers into her cunt, pulling them out sopping wet with her juices. "See how much of a slut I am, I actually fucking want this, I actually am that much of a fucking SLUT!" She said, practically screaming the last word as she hit her own pussy as hard as ever.
"Now your tits, slut. And tell me how much you love being exposed."
Madison flipped her hair back and leaned back. She quickly began beating her left breast with her open hand.
"Oww! Owww! Owww!" She shrieked. "I'm such a cunt, I - owww! I love being exposed! If there's anyone - owww! Out there, go a ahead, like - owww! Video me!" She knew she was on the verge of losing control, but her beaten swollen pussy pushed her over the edge in an instant.
Madison switched to her right breast. "Oww! Video me! Put me all over the internet- owwww! I'm already there, I'm - owww! I'm a slut! Owww!" She shifted back to her pussy, slapping herself between her legs again. "I just fucking love - owww owww! Love being exposed! Owww! Shown off! Owww, owww! Humiliated. Abused! Owww, ruined! You want to see a little ruined slut - owww!" She switched back to her face now, slapping the other cheek. "You came - owww - came to the right place!"
"I want you all to see me, look at me - owww! See me as nothing but a stupid dumb cunt! Owww! Jack off to me! Fuck me! Gangbang me, force me, owww!"
"Okay, okay, we get the point," Dan said.
"Shit!" Madison thought. We? Who the hell is in here?!" Her arousal turned instantly back to a mix of excitement and embarrassment as she thought Dan must have slipped up and told her something she wasn't supposed to know. She sat there, dumbfounded, unsure what to do next.
"Crawl forward, slut. You'll find a dildo there. I want you to kneel and shove it as far into your mouth as you can. Wreck your throat, slut. I've seen you do it before, I know how much you love it."
Madison slowly crawled forward, feeling eyes penetrate her mask. She still couldn't hear anyone though. Maybe Dan just brought a friend or two to enjoy the show, she thought. Like last time, when it was just Andy. "Hell, it could be my entire education class," she thought. "If it is, I've already humiliated myself beyond words in the English language. Does it really matter if I wreck my throat for them too?"
Tears began to fall inside her mask, however, as she crawled forward, trying her best to locate the dildo without being able to see anything. Her hand soon touched something phallic in shape, and she closed her hand around it, feeling it's length and girth - probably a foot long, she thought. At least, maybe longer. And bigger around than an average penis.
"Fuck, why do I want this?" She began to ask herself as she began to lick the dildo, preparing herself for what she knew she had to do. "Why do I want so desperately to be exposed, to be ruined? Why did I ever want to be such a slut? Why did I turn into a Webslut? I could have had such a normal, American Dream-y existence, but no, I had to go and be a complete slut!"
The answer, of course, was positioned between her legs, supplemented between her ears. She knew she got the best orgasms when she was completely humiliated and degraded and exposed. This is why she always crawled back for more, no matter the risk - the reward in the form of a shuddering orgasm was worth whatever the eventual cost turned out to be. And so it was that Madison stroked her puffy, beaten pussy as she opened her mouth and slid the dildo inside.
Slowly, Madison pushed the dildo into her mouth. She knew what Dan wanted. She knew how much he enjoyed the video of her wrecking her throat and she knew that was what she needed to do. She was so turned on by now she didn't care who saw her.
Madison tilted her head back and pushed it in farther, until it hit the back of her throat. She pulled it out partway before thrusting it back in, her thrusts becoming faster but initially not any farther.
"That's it, slut," she heard Dan say over the loudspeaker. "Finger your pussy. Show me how much getting throat fucked turns you on."
Madison stuffed two fingers in her swollen cunt. "God, oh GOD this feels good!" She thought. "I'm such a fucking dirty little whore!" This time, she pushed the dildo to the back of her throat, but instead of stopping, she forced it inside. Leaning her head back, she stuffed her throat full of the plastic and rubber object. She felt herself gag, but she kept going, farther, farther.
"Uckh!" She coughed. Tears ran from her eyes. She wished the audience could see her cry, if there was even anyone there. She pulled the dildo out along with a big was of phlegm, which rolled off her lips and landed on her chest.
"Mmmm," she said. "I fucking love this. Want to see more?"
"Keep going, slut!" She heard over the loudspeaker. She complied. Opening again, she shoved the dildo in, farther this time. Compelled by some whorish desire, as soon as the dildo was in as far as it could go, she started repeatedly slapping her own face.
"Uggh! Ugh! Ohhh!" She cried, but her cries were muffled by the object lodged in her throat. She could barely breathe, but she forced it in farther, convulsing, her body instinctively trying to expel the object, but she held firm.
Finally, she coughed again as she pulled the dildo free. Phlegm - maybe even stomach acid, she wasn't really sure - flew from her mouth and landed on her naked body. She panted, gasping, but did so knowing she needed more.
Madison quickly complied with her own desires. She opened wide, thrusting it as far as it would go. She rammed it in her throat until she had fit it entirely in her mouth, all twelve inches. Biting down to hold it still, she laid down on her back, stuffed a third finger in her pussy, and slapped her face as hard as ever.
She sniffled. Tears erupted from her eyes and she wailed a muffled wailing sound.
Her whole head quivered as she struggled against her innate desire to free herself from the object lodged in her throat. Madison slapped herself again, and again. "Ohhhh, fuck, take it you fucking whore! Beat your own face for him - for them - you know you need it you dumb bitch! Ohhhh! Wreck your fucking throat, you nasty slut!" She thought to herself as she struck her face again.
In that moment, Madison felt like a truly depraved piece of shit. Her only purpose in that state was to debase herself as much as possible. Not only would it please whatever audience she had - she hoped - but in a sick and twisted way, it was pleasing to her as well.
She coughed the dildo out again, gasping for breath. Stopping for a moment, she smeared the phlegm on her face - or at least the part of her face not covered by the mask.
"You like that, don't you?" She asked out loud to her perhaps imaginary audience. "You like watching this fucking dumb slut wreck her own throat for you? Ohhhh yes, I want to ruin it! Ruin it beyond repair! Want to watch me? It's going to hurt so bad. I'm going to love it. I love it - I love humiliating myself - exposing and ruining myself for you! I love the way it makes me feel like a pathetic piece of shit!"
Madison thrust the dildo in as deep as she could, taking it all the way. Instead of holding it this time, though, she pulled it out about halfway, until it was barely penetrating her throat, and then rammed it deep in her throat with full force. Watching her, Dan could see the end of the dildo as it made its way up and down her neck, over and over.
"Ohhhh, fuck!" She exclaimed at last. "You guys know I love this, right? Yeah, that's right. I actually crave this. Abusing myself for you! I'm such a cunt! Ohhhh, fuck yeah, I actually get turned on by this! Do you think I'm a pathetic slut now? I hope so! Don't love me, ohhhh, don't respect me. Just use me and think of me as a used up, exposed, humiliated piece of trash!"
Madison's throat was becoming raw. She jammed two fingers up her ass and slammed the dildo into her throat again and again. It seemed to get easier, her throat more willingly opened to accept the penetration she craved. Her tears were visible now, coming out from under her mask. She loved it. She reamed her throat again and again, barely stopping to breathe, and when she did, she took her fingers out of her ass and started to suck on them. Nobody told her to, she just did it of her own free will.
"That's it, I'm just a nasty ass to mouth slut!" She said aloud. "So who wants to come use me? Jack off to me? Dump used condoms on me and force me to suck your cum out? I'm just a slut. Use me however you want!"
"Now, orgasm for me. Madison. Show me how much you truly enjoy this!"
Madison nodded. She was going to orgasm all right. But she had her own ideas about how she was going to do it, and Dan knew her well enough by now to know to just let her be and watch the filth unfold, because she had a truly filthy mind and would act on it to a great degree.
Madison spread her legs, inching closer to the edge of the stage. She slapped her pussy hard before digging three fingers inside. "Mmmm, yes, see what this does to me? See how wet I am because I'm abused? I just - I just want to be exposed! Shown off everywhere!" She started fingering herself vigorously. "If anybody took a video just post it all over the internet. I'd be thrilled. I want people to see this shit. Me acting like a whore." Even in that moment, as aroused as she was, she was careful not to reveal her true identity, lest the room be packed full of her classmates.
"That's right," she said as she took her fingers out of her pussy and spread her lips apart for her imaginary audience. While at first there were only a couple dozen people, now she imagined a couple hundred, all fixated on the sight before them - a young college slut proudly humiliating herself, spreading her fuckhole for them. She couldn't take it any longer.
Madison backed up slightly, grabbing the dildo. She knelt on the floor and placed the dildo on the floor with the tip facing the ceiling, and resting her ass on her feet, she leaned forward and forced her head down over it.
"You're not stopping until you cum," she told herself. "No matter what."
Madison forced her head down savagely, impaling her throat on the cock as she reached behind her to stuff her pussy with her fingers. She moaned as her throat relaxed again, accepting her dildo. She bent forward, bobbing her head up and down, up and down.
Madison started to drift away from herself. Her head was bobbing, her throat becoming more raw and abused by the second. She forced herself down so far her lips hit the floor, and just then, she reached behind herself and plunged two fingers in her ass to go with the three in her pussy.
"Take it. You slut. Slut, slut, slut!" She thought to herself. "You're so fucking dumb for doing this! Such a nasty bitch! You deserve for this room to be full of everyone you know! You deserve to be exposed, outed to everyone, slut, slut, slut, I'm a slut!"
Madison collapsed, her whole body shaking. She fell onto her right side as her body was ripped in two by a terrific orgasm. She closed her eyes, seeing stars, barely able to breathe. The dildo was still lodged in her throat, she had forced it so far it stuck! But she didn't care. She was about to black out when she felt another orgasm coming, and let herself have it.
Madison thought for a moment she was floating above her own body, watching as hundreds of people looked on in awe at the tenacity with which she humiliated herself. She watched from above as she convulsed, rolling onto her stomach, further impaling herself as her mouth hit the floor. Her eyes barely opened, but she wanted more. She wanted it all.
Dan calmly walked onto the stage and forcefully pulled the dildo from the convulsing slut's mouth and placed it on the floor. She continued to shake, slowly coming to, slowly realizing what she had just done.
"Are you okay? What happened there?" He asked, legitimately concerned.
"I - Dan, I - oh my God, I fucking - I fucked myself, I - I choked, I was watching myself, I -"
"Where are we?" He asked, testing her. She was becoming more coherent, looking around, seeing nothing of course.
"We're in the auditorium," she said at last.
"Okay. Ready for one more surprise?" Dan placed a key into the lock and turned, unzipping the mask and pulling it off her face. He pulled the blindfold off, and that's when she saw what he was talking about.
"Oh - OH MY GOD DAN!" She shrieked. The auditorium was not empty at all. Row after row were filled with stunned onlookers. "FUCK!" She shrieked. She turned and ran off stage as fast as she could before anyone recognized her, not stopping to count or see if anyone she knew had been present. She ran through the curtain and to the place where she had left her clothes. Her bra and panties had disappeared, but she barely noticed.
As fast as she could, Madison tossed on her maroon cropped tee and pulled on her jeans, stepped into her shoes, and bolted out the back door.
It was only after she had run a hundred yards or so that she slowed to a brisk walk. "God, all those people!" She said softly to herself. "What am I? What have I turned into? God, I just beat myself and - and I - shit, I told them all how much I loved it - Fuck, how many people know about me now?!"
Madison looked down as tears of shame streamed down her face. It was then that she saw the word "slut" completely exposed between her shirt and jeans. She briefly moved a hand to cover it, then became so overcome by shame and arousal that she couldn't even make herself cover it up.
"You fucking need it you piece of shit. You need this whole school to know what you are anyway. You know you want it you fucking skank!" She said to herself. She cried relentlessly as she walked to her apartment. Her tears became heavy as she saw a couple approaching. Instead of covering her stomach, she covered her face, displaying the writing brazenly for them to see.
"Are - is that for real?" One of them asked her as she walked by. His friend slapped his arm. "I mean - are you okay?"
Madison just shook her head. "Fuck, I needed that!" She thought to herself. She cried harder as she began to jog. "Just a fucking slut. Can't you read? Yes, it's for real. I'm sure the whole fucking school will know by tomorrow!" And as humiliated as she was, she could not have been more aroused.
Madison quickly ran to the busy crossing, coming to the corner across from her apartment. She wiped her eyes, letting the few cars on the street have a good look at her.
"Oh, what the fuck, I'm ruined anyway!" She said. Madison raised her arms above her head, strutting her body. Her shirt raised up to just below her braless breasts as a result of her maneuver, she realized that she was getting what she always wanted. She pulled her shirt up, exposing her tits. A car honked, she just waved and sniffled through her tears. Madison ripped her shirt off, danced with it in her hands, in the air, and walked up the stairs to her apartment.