The events described herein are true. The location and the make of the boat may have been changed to protect the identities of the guilty.
I suggest the reader have a look at the first Wendy story, before reading this one, for an idea of our backgrounds. It is important for an understanding of this and other stories. If the reader finds the first story interesting, then read Part 2 for her adventures before we got married. There is also a part 3 but I don't have that link handy.
Wendy, Part I:
https://www.literotica.com/s/wendys-adventures-pt-01
Wendy, Part 2:
https://www.literotica.com/s/wendys-adventures-pt-02
*****
Wendy has enjoyed reading the stories I have written about her escapades. It gets her aroused to relive those memories, and our sex life has been more active since I published the first one.
She had the idea she would like to try her hand at writing a story about our latest excursion into the land of kink. She asked me if I would help her. Of course I said yes. While our educational levels are the same, I have done more writing over the years than she. I helped her with some proofing, but this is her story in her own words.
Over the years of going to the Gulf Coast to my in laws' condo, we have met a lot of people and made some friends. Most all of those friends are normal people, but one couple is not. She is an exhibitionist. She has a boat at a marina about 40 miles from the condo.
I have found that exhibitionist females tend to find more of their kind and enjoy hanging around with them. Their husbands all know the score and go along with the program so there is no drama when things start happening. Let's call my friend with the boat, Sandra. That isn't her real name, but her identity needs to be protected. Most exhibitionist females don't like their normal friends and family to know about their hobby.
Sandra has another exhibitionist friend at the same marina with a very large boat. The two of them like to have adult parties on their boats. I have been on Sandra's boat before, with Sandra and her husband. We got naked to get some sun, but that was about it.
Sandra and her friend decided to have an adult Halloween party. They liked the idea of a Halloween theme as that would be a good excuse to be freaky. Sandra told me most of the invited guests had been to their parties before, so they knew what to expect. The ones who had not been before were told to expect nudity. If they found that offensive, then probably they should decline the invitation.
I asked what type of costume I should wear. She said anything that shows a lot of skin. Sandra has hosted and been to several of these parties before. She explained that she and her co hostess were going to wear their hostess aprons and nothing else. These small rounded lace aprons tie around the waist and hang down to well above where the hairline is or would be, if they had pubic hair. So the hostesses will start out the party essentially naked. Sounds like my type of party. Sandra does have blonde pubic hair that is trimmed to a landing strip.
I immediately went online to find a suitable costume. I found a mesh catsuit with large 1" meshes. It would cover nothing of significance. I, too, would be essentially naked. The estrogen from the three of us will be palpable, and probably from a few other of the females, as well.
This was exciting. I showed it to my husband who approved. I call it a catsuit because it came with a mask, some cat ears, and a tail. It covers the body, arms, legs and feet with the mesh. I ordered it with expedited shipping.
I would have to wear a mini skirt and a top which I would skin off as soon as I got there. Also I would need to wear shoes, which I would probably leave on. The catsuit is crotch less which would allow me to accidentally give spread views to worthy subjects. I can't believe I am actually contemplating doing this. Sandra says there won't be anyone there I know, except some people from the marina who also like to get naked. This means I will be able to get as naked as I want and do what I want to do. This could be interesting.
I am beginning to get aroused thinking about this. As my husband would say, my little motor is humming away. I have never been naked at a party in this country before.
I definitely am going to save myself for this party and not masturbate or have sex for three days before the party. I want to be good and horny when I get there. I am much braver when horny, and especially braver when I have had alcohol and am horny. That is sometimes a dangerous combination. The two hostesses are also saving themselves for the party. I explained this to my husband and suggested he do the same.
I woke up Wednesday morning with a dampness between my legs. All I could think of was the party and what would happen. I had a general idea of what would happen because of conversations I had with Sandra, but I didn't know what I would end up doing. I just knew it was exciting to think about. I hadn't been naked in front of strangers in several months, and I was ready.
As we left for the party, we discussed what we would feel comfortable doing. We felt comfortable with my showing everything, including my spread vagina and my spread butthole, if the mood was right. We also felt comfortable having sex while others watched, if it went that far and the mood was right. We knew going in it would be an adult party and everyone invited had been told the same thing. So no one there should be offended by what they see there. Based on that, I wore my catsuit with ears and a mini skirt with a blouse over the catsuit. I didn't even take my mask. My husband said he would be comfortable with public sex as no one would be offended.
When we got there, our hostesses were in their little sexy aprons and nothing else, so I went below and stripped down to my catsuit. When I came out, and my husband saw I was basically naked around all of those people, he quickly got aroused. We stayed in the main salon as it was still daylight, and we didn't want to draw any attention to us. Boat people are fairly use to nudity, but you never know who might complain or call the police, especially during the daytime while at the marina.
Several of the women had on bikinis that had the tops missing. The guys were all getting their eyes full. We drank a while and talked. Several of the single guys came over and chatted my husband and me up. I spoke to the few people I knew from the marina and met a few new people. Pretty soon it was perfectly natural to be wearing the catsuit and nothing else.
After an hour or so, one of the women who had been wearing her bikini bottoms went below and came back with her bottoms in hand; she was naked. I thought that was a good sign, excused myself, went below and came back with my catsuit in my hand. I, too, was naked. My husband told me I was a brave little thing.
Soon our hostesses lost their aprons, and 4 of us were stark naked, and the night was young. By now there were probably 25 or 30 people there. About 10 to 12 couples and 4 or 5 single guys, as best I could tell. May have been a single woman or two, but I'm not sure.
I enjoyed walking around naked and showing off. As Sandra said, I was the new girl in town, and all the guys were interested in what I had brought to the party. They could pretty much see all of it, except for what was hidden between my legs. That would come later.
The hosts and hostesses had bought BBQ and country style ribs from an excellent BBQ restaurant not too far from the marina. It was very good. I dropped some juice from one of the ribs on my bare nipple. My husband noticed, leaned over and licked it off. The guys around me liked that. Both my nipples were at attention. The party was getting better.
Thus far I had maintained my modesty and had kept my legs together. As the alcohol relaxed my inhibitions, my legs began to relax as well. I had to keep them pretty much together as I was wet down there, and didn't want everyone to know how aroused I already was.
The boat we were having the party on is a very large cabin cruiser. It is of near shore seagoing size and maybe 50' to 60' in length. The brand is Carver, which is a plush multilevel yacht. The party also spilled out onto the dock and two other boats in nearby slips. So there were several parties going on with the large Carver being the center of activities. It was now dark, and I enjoyed being able to walk around naked on the dock and visit the other boats.
By this time it was getting late, and all of the people with boats at that particular dock who were not at the party, had left, and we had the dock to ourselves. I had enough alcohol and was horny enough that if any of the men had wanted to feel me up at that point, I would have let them. But no one asked, and I didn't volunteer my breasts to anyone. That would have been more forward than I am comfortable with. My thing is to show off, not be felt up. But some touching did come a little later.
My husband, a guy we met named Brad and I were walking on the dock back to the Carver, when Brad said, "You certainly have a nice ass." He and I were side by side with my husband a few feet in front of us.
"Thank you very much, you can touch it if you like." I said.
I think he was a bit surprised, but he put his big hand on my butt cheek and squeezed it as we were walking. One of his fingers was right at my anus; I could feel it there on the starfish and the sphincter muscle right next to the opening. After he squeezed it several times, he said, "That was nice, thank you for letting me do that." He then removed his hand and we continued to walk to the Carver. He complimented me on having such a nice firm butt.
Earlier, my husband and I had discussed the boundaries. As I said, there were no limits on what I could do in showing off, but we agreed the men couldn't touch my genitals or butthole. That is marital territory. We agreed they could touch my breasts and my butt if the situation arose and if I felt comfortable with it. His finger got as close as possible to the opening of my anus without touching it. It was on my sphincter muscle at the opening. I'm sure he could feel that muscle and knew exactly where he was.
When we got back to the boat, the hosts and hostesses decided it was time for a moonlight cruise. Now that was a sight. The two hostesses were hopping around naked getting the lines free so the captain could maneuver out of the marina. They had hired an experienced boat handler to be the captain so the owner/host could drink and enjoy the party.
As we cleared the marina, more of the women lost their bikini bottoms and were dancing naked on the aft deck and in the salon. The aft deck is off of the salon on the main or mid level. The cockpit is on the top level and the stateroom and cabins are on the lower level. There was a small salon down there as well. We had plenty of privacy as it was dark with lighting on the deck, and there just weren't many boats out at that hour. We cruised not far offshore in the moonlight.
By this time I was a little under the influence and a lot horny. I hadn't had an orgasm since Sunday, and I could feel it. I found out the hostesses had been saving themselves for about the same amount of time. I could feel the wetness between my legs and knew my inner labia were red and swollen, as was the rest of my womanhood. By now I felt that my vagina had probably dilated and would be obviously opened if I showed it to anyone. My legs starting parting a bit more, and I knew the guys seated and standing opposite me could tell I was aroused by the physical condition of my genitals. I had never been naked in a crowd like this while in an obviously aroused state, and it felt wonderful.
My husband and I were on the rear deck along with another naked woman, several of the single guys and another couple or two. Unconsciously I had begun to gently touch my clitoris as it was all so arousing. My legs were becoming more and more spread without my realizing it. My husband had his arm around my shoulders and was gently rubbing my breast and my nipple, which was rock hard. The other couples were fooling around with each other as well. The single guys and the naked woman were watching. She was rubbing herself a bit. I don't think she was solo, but her partner may have been in the main salon.
Soon my legs were spread wide. My husband removed my hand from my pussy and started rubbing me, spreading me apart and exposing my vagina for everyone watching. He wasn't rubbing my clitoris, but would rub my anus and spread it apart for viewing. Occasionally he would go in my spread vagina and touched my G-spot. He intentionally wasn't touching my clitoris because he didn't want me to cum yet. He knew I was aroused and on the verge of cumming.
I was pretty much out of it by this time, but I remember Brad, a couple other single guys and a few others had their eyes laser locked on my swollen, wet and red pussy, as well as my butthole. It all became too much, and I had a huge orgasm with all of them watching. It was just glorious.
Well, my husband wasn't happy with me as he wanted me to cum while I was fucking him. But it was too late for that. I am a one and done type of girl.
Finally, I was totally relaxed, for the first time since Monday and maintained the fully spread position while the guys continued to look at my spread girl parts. I know my vagina was opened to the max because of my arousal. It was a nice feeling to be that exposed in a group of people. Two of the women were interested in the condition of my pussy as well. I doubt they had ever seen anything like that before. So there I was, spread out like a common slut while the crowd looked at my swollen pussy and asshole that had just winked at them a bunch of times. I don't know how many times, but I know it was more than 5 as the orgasm just kept washing over me.
My husband wanted to fuck me, but he wanted a little more privacy than doing it in front of all of those people, especially as I had already cum. Had I still been in heat, he would have let me fuck him right there.
Several more had joined the group to see what was going on out where we were. At that point two or three watching would have been OK with him, but what we had was a crowd. They were getting a good view of the new girl; I don't think I disappointed them, except they probably wanted to see me get fucked. Earlier I had been aroused enough to fuck my husband while they all watched, but that was my undoing; I was too aroused and had a premature orgasm before I could even mount him.
I don't know how long I lay there and rested, but was finally able to walk again. I assumed a more modest position, and my husband helped me up. We walked back through the main salon and saw that our hostesses and another woman were giving their version of "Spread Your Legs." We watched for a while and then continued on looking for a more private place.
We found an unused cabin on the lower level and decided it would do. Without any preliminary introductions, my husband put me on the bed, stuck it in and had at me. He left the door to the cabin open, and some of the people on the lower level could watch me getting fucked. My vagina was so dilated, and I was so well lubricated, that I could just barely feel him in me. What I could feel was his hand on my ass spreading my cheeks apart and his little nuts bouncing on my exposed asshole. Some of those people were getting a good show.
It didn't take him long to cum, and after clean up we rejoined the group in the salon. By now couples were looking for private or semi private places to have sex.
My husband and I had a small berth in the main salon to ourselves. We got some more wine and talked to the people who remained, and the ones who returned after their trysts. By now I was back to normal and just enjoyed hanging out naked in a social setting.
We hung out naked and drank some more until the evening was over for us. Our hostess got us a blanket, and we went to sleep on the small fold out berth. By now the captain had brought us back to the marina, and those who wanted to abandon ship had done so. Many, knowing it would be a late night, had arranged to take Thursday off.
I awoke to the smell of fresh coffee and bacon cooking. Several others were up as well. I got out of bed and realized I was still naked—of course. Looked for my clothes, but couldn't find them. I did have my pocketbook with our tooth brushes and toothpaste, so at least I had a fresh mouth. I figured that anyone who didn't get to see enough of me naked last night would have another opportunity this morning.
The captain was still there. He was one of the guys who had watched my performance the night before, after temporarily turning over the helm to another experienced boater. He told me that was the most erotic thing he had ever seen. He said the only way it could have been better would have been for me to have had sex with my husband while they all watched. I said, "Just wait for the next party; I was only getting warmed up last night!" I told him I intended to fuck my husband in front of the audience, but the situation was overwhelming for me, and I had a premature orgasm. I also told him about the quick sex on the lower level while others watched. I explained he didn't miss much of a show as I just lay there as my husband spread my anus for the audience and hammered me for two or three minutes before he juiced me good. He said he would have liked to have seen that.
While we were talking, two other couples who had boats there came by when they smelled the coffee and saw the movement on the boat. They had been invited to the party, but couldn't make it. Well, I was still naked as I had no clothes, but it didn't bother me and didn't seem to bother them. I wasn't too worried as I figured my clothes were in one of the cabins that was occupied with the doors closed. As it was, I got to walk around naked in front of some new people. I loved it. We ate our breakfast, then sat around with coffee and chatted.
One of the guys said, "Looks like it was a good party; sorry we missed it."
The other one looked at me and said, "Damn girl, where are your clothes?"
"I don't know," I replied, "but I hope I find them. Would hate to have to ride home naked."
My husband responded, "Yeah, don't throw her in that briar patch!"
I found out they had not yet been to one of the parties, so I didn't tell them anything about it. Sometimes it is better to let people find out for themselves. I think they now have a pretty good idea of what goes on.
Being naked around those clothed men got my motor running again, but I realized it was time to go home and have sweet and loving marital sex with my husband without an audience. The party was over.
I found my clothes in one of the cabins, so I didn't have to go home naked. As my husband said, "That was a good thing."