Hello reader - below is a fantasy I have that is in all likelihood better left a fantasy. While I have this story in the Group Sex section, the first couple of sex scenes are not group sex. Rather, they are the build up to group sex. There are some slower parts to the story because I value developing any tale in order to give it some depth. Please share any thoughts you may have. I love reading what you think, good or bad. Thanks for reading.
________________________
Will arched his back and groaned as he released into her. With a few deep breaths, he rolled off Sam. Taking in a few deep breaths herself, Sam allowed a grin of satisfaction to grace her face, her blue eyes sparkling with the pleasure of another round of great sex. Will was intolerable everywhere else except in bed and to look at. He had thick black hair, a straight nose, blue eyes and kissable, full lips that seemed stuck in a permanent smirk. They worked together at an advertising firm and it was incredibly easy to keep any of their bedroom activities out of workplace gossip. At best, they tolerated each other at work so no one would assume they did anything together outside of work.
The only thing that truly matched about Will and Sam was their sex drive. Six months ago, the two had been working late on a major project. They couldn't leave the office until it was finished. It had been non-stop bickering between the two of them until it escalated to an all out screaming match. Sam found Will arrogant and completely unwilling to listen. To say it was shocking they ended up kissing is an understatement. Sam quickly found herself laid out on Will's desk, skirt hiked around her waist, panties torn off, and legs spread. Will entered her, rubbing her clit the whole time, until they both exploded in pleasure. For the last six months, they had been each others' booty call, and no one at work was the wiser.
Will sat up in bed and reached down to pick up his boxers. He stood and slid them on. Sam expected him to keep dressing, instead, Will sat down next to her and gave her an intent look.
"What do you want? You can't possibly want another round," snapped Sam. She maybe should have been nicer, but talking after sex would mean taking this relationship to the next level. The only thing Sam wanted to hear out of Will's lips is Spread your legs for me. Anything else Will said was usually filled with arrogant quips of self-promotion.
"Relax, babe. I'll clear out of your wet pussy in a minute. Just gotta ask you a question."
Sam rolled her eyes and retorted, "The answer is no."
"Babe, just hear me out."
"Okay, so what do you want?"
Will took a breath and licked his lips. Was he nervous, Sam wondered. Oh this should be interesting. Sam rolled to her side, her bare breasts swaying as she did so, drawing Will's eyes to her chest.
"Well?" demanded Sam.
Will cleared his throat and said, "I've been invited to this party."
"No dates," Sam interrupted.
"For fuck sakes, will you just shut it and listen. It's not that kind of party. It's a sex party."
"A sex party," Sam repeated, arching her eyebrow.
"Yeah, and I can't go unless I bring a chick with me. One who is hot, good in bed, and willing."
"Okaay...so what, you're just going to pimp me out?"
"No. In fact, I don't care what you do once we get into the party. I just need you so I can get through the front door. Spread your legs for whoever you want or don't. I don't actually care."
"So it's like an orgy?"
"I guess you could set up that scene, if you wanted to. But you could fuck the same dude all night. Or fuck one guy and then move on to the next one. It's held in a giant mansion with lots of bedrooms."
"Um, yeah, this sounds way more like a giant STI party. I like being disease free," Sam said.
"The party isn't for a month. You have to submit paperwork from your doctor within two weeks of the party. Plus, there are all these rules to keep everyone safe. The big two: no means no and absolutely no pictures."
Sam, despite her best efforts, began to take more interest. She liked sex a lot, which was a big reason she didn't have a boyfriend and she wasn't looking for a husband either. Life long monogamy just didn't appeal to her.
"Have you been to one of these parties before?"
"Once, but it was two years ago. Not just any chick agrees to a sex party. I know you'll have a good time. You're hot, Sam. That skinny waist, full tits, tight pussy - I promise, you'll have all the partners you want."
"I swear that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me, and, yet, you still sound like an asshole."
"Babe, we don't see each other because we like talking to one another. We just like fucking."
"That's definitely the truth."
With his typical arrogant smirk, Will asked, "What do you say? Are you in?"
Sam paused for a minute, considering the offer, and then responded,"Sure, why the hell not?"
"Fuck, babe, that's the sexiest thing you've ever said to me," groaned Will. He pulled his boxers back off, and stroked his quickly stiffening cock.
Sam leaned forward and took Will's thickening cock into her mouth. She sucked him, allowing Will to grab the back of her head as he shoved his cock in until it reached the back of her throat. Sam groaned with pleasure, loving the feeling of hard cock filling up her mouth. Will pumped in and out while reaching down to finger her clit.
After a few more strokes, Will pulled out and pushed Sam on to her back. "Spread your legs for me, babe. I'm gonna fuck you hard."
Sam shivered in anticipation, loving the dirty words coming out of Will's mouth.
"That's it, babe, nice and wide. You know you want this hard cock in you, fucking you until you scream, don't you babe?"
Sam groaned, "Yes, just fuck me already." She slid her hand between her legs and began rubbing her clit as Will shoved his cock into her.
"Yeah, squeeze my cock hard with that tight pussy of yours. Squeeze the cum out of me," Will encouraged, picking up his pace.
In a few minutes, Sam felt her orgasm radiate outward. "Fuck yes," she screamed.
Will kept plunging his thick dick into her, fast and hard. "Come on, babe. Keep those legs spread. You love my big cock stretching out that tight pussy of yours."
In a minute or two, Sam felt Will release his third load into her that night. She shivered with the after tremors of her own orgasm.
With a deep breath and a smile, Will rolled off Sam. After a few more minutes of deep breathing, Will sat up in bed and found his boxers again. He dressed completely this time, turned to Sam with a smirk, and said, "See you in bed," and quickly left.
Sam was both terrified and highly turned on by her decision. What the hell had she just agreed to? A sex party? Before she talked herself out of it, Sam got up and cleaned up. She didn't let herself dwell on her decision. This was something she knew she'd like and she wasn't going to deny herself this opportunity.
* * *
The next morning, Sam found herself sitting at her desk, dwelling on her decision.
"Sam, do you have the Abernathy mockup?" her boss asked. The mockup was complete, but Sam had completely forgotten to email it. She looked at her computer screen and realized she just needed to have clicked "send" and the mockup would have been in her boss's inbox 30 minutes ago.
"Yes, right here, Mr. Ellick," she responded as she clicked the send button.
"Are you feeling alright, Sam?"
"Sure. Just a bit of a headache this morning," Sam lied smoothly.
"Well, take a quick walk, get some coffee. Clear your head. Maybe call your doctor if your headaches keep happening. The ThinkCo file is due at the end of the day and it can't be late."
"Of course, Mr. Ellick," Sam smiled as she lifted up her coffee mug.
Mr. Ellick half smiled, half smirked at her and left her cubicle.
Fuck me, thought Sam. Time to get her head out of the clouds and get her project finished.
Mr. Ellick was right about one thing, she did need to call her doctor. On her way to pick up her lunch, she scheduled an appointment for a full STI screener. By the time 5:00 pm rolled around, Sam clicked the send button, making sure her boss had the ThinkCo file before she left work.
* * *
"You scheduled your screener?" demanded Will.
"I already told you I did. Quit worrying," Sam replied, her eyebrows arching in annoyance.
"Don't get snippy. Just want to make sure everything is a go. I promise, you're gonna have so much fun."
"Are you going to fuck me or just talk to me about the fun I am going to have in a month?"
"Impatient for my cock?" Will grinned as he shoved Sam back on to her bed.
"Not if all you do is talk about it and not use it," Sam responded while flipping Will on to his back and straddling him.
Will reached up and began unbuttoning her blouse. "Come on, babe, you know my cock is your current favorite sex toy," Will chided as he pulled her blouse from her shoulders.
"And maybe I'll find an upgrade next month," retorted Sam as she unclasped her bra.
"Doubtful,"Will responded, his voice becoming muffled as he sunk his face between her breasts.
"So sure of yourself," Sam drawled, while pulling Will's polo shirt off.
Both Sam and Will worked out at the company gym and their bodies were toned and trim. Although, they couldn't work out at the same time because it had led to fucking in a bathroom stall and the closest they'd ever come to being caught. Sam rubbed an appreciative hand down Will's chest and abs, enjoying how well he maintained his physique.
Will lifted Sam off him so he could unzip and pull down her skirt. He pulled her thong down next and carefully slipped it over her high heels.
"Stand up, babe. I'm gonna fuck you from behind while staring at that sweet ass of yours."
Will knew Sam liked being fucked from behind, whether it was with her on all fours, bent over a desk, or just braced against a wall. She heard Will unzip his pants and became more wet with anticipation.
"You gonna let some guy fuck you like this next month?" Will breathed into her ear as he pushed her down so she could brace herself on her vanity. "Maybe more than one guy," Will continued and then nibbled on her earlobe.
If she didn't know better, Sam would almost think Will could read her mind. Sam had a reoccurring fantasy, one she usually deemed best left as a fantasy, where a group of men bent her over, and one after another, they used her pussy to get off. She wouldn't even know which guy was in her. Next month, she could make that fantasy a reality.
"That's funny, normally you're so vocal," Will chuckled and then lined up his cock and shoved it into her.
Sam let out a groan. The fantasy of a group of men lining up to use her played through her mind.
Will gripped her hips tightly, holding his cock deep in her. He leaned forward and cooed, "Did I touch on a fantasy you like? Come on, babe, tell me about it. What naughty things might I catch you doing at the sex party?"
Sam bit her bottom lip, breathed heavily through her nose, and enjoyed the feeling of Will's thick cock pumping in and out of her. Will snaked his hand around and rubbed her clit, causing her to arch her back.
"Are you holding out on me? Come on, tell me this fantasy of yours. I'll start. You're bent over, legs spread wide, that tight pussy open and on display, waiting for a stranger's hard cock to plunge into you. How does the rest of the fantasy go?"
Could she really tell him? Did it matter? She had agreed to go to a sex party with him so he was going to see her with another man...or five.
Will slowed down his pumping and leaned close to Sam's ear again. "This must be one powerful fantasy. It's got you tongue tied. Is that because you're picturing a cock in your mouth while I use your pussy?"
No, it definitely wasn't that. She liked giving head, but not while she was getting done from behind.
"No," Sam shook her head while shoving her ass against Will, hoping to encourage him to speed up.
"No way. If you want this cock to drill your pussy, I'm gonna need more details than that, Babe."
"Fine," Sam half moaned. "I want to be bent over and one guy after another does me hard until they get off."
"Samantha Belle, what a surprising slut you are. You want to be gang banged."
"Yes, but I'm not interested in giving out hand jobs or blow jobs," moaned Sam as Will picked up the pace. "Just fucked. I don't want to even see who's fucking me."
"So you want this tight pussy of yours used raw?"
"Yes..."
"How many cocks do you think this pussy could take in one evening?"
"I don't even know. A lot."
"So you want to be filled up with cum and not even see whose cum is filling your pussy."
"Yes, so much."
Will picked up the pace even more, pumping into her hard.
"Do you want to feel the cum dripping down your legs?"
"Yes," Sam screamed an orgasm hitting her hard and suddenly.
Will remained silent as he pumped into her. He reached around and rubbed her clit. Her pussy squeezed around his cock, until he released his load with a groan. He pulled his cock out, but used his hand to hold her down.
"Go on, babe, feel that cum dripping down your legs."
Sam shivered with delight as she felt Will's warm load slide down her inner thighs.
"You are definitely the right woman for this party," Will chuckled and then smacked her upturned ass. "And now you have a mess to clean up."
Will backed up, releasing Sam. He dressed quickly and left.
Sam finally stood upright, her legs shaking. Slowly she made her way to the bathroom and turned on the shower. This sex party was going to be the death of her pussy.
* * *
Sam stood in front of her full length mirror. Her brown hair was piled on top of her head, silver earrings hung from her ears, and her blue eyes neatly framed by mascara and a little eyeshadow. For good measure, she added just a touch of blush, but didn't want to overdo the make up. It would just turn into a mess by the end of the night. She wore a classic, short black cocktail dress. Her thong was extra skimpy and her heels higher than normal. The dress came with a built in bra, which suited her just fine. It's not like she intended to wear the dress or any clothing for too long. She spent far more time shaving all of herself. She sported just a patch of hair above her pussy and her legs were smooth and soft.
Will had submitted their paperwork two weeks earlier and they both had been approved. He would be by in just ten minutes to pick her up. She knew the mansion was in a really wealthy suburb about 30 minutes away. Taking a deep breath in through her nose and releasing it through her mouth, Sam attempted to ward off her nervous jitters. She grabbed her purse, checked inside to find it contained the exact same things it had five minutes ago. Condoms, phone, ID, house key, and $50 just in case she needed a cab.
Using the railing, Sam guided herself down the stairs, and stood by the front door. She stared out the window waiting for Will's red sports car to pull up. Right on time, Will pulled into her driveway. She made her way to the car and got in. Will had the biggest shit eating grin on his face.
"Damn, babe, you're looking fucking hot."
"Thanks," she smiled.
"Don't be nervous. I promise, you'll be a hit. I'm positive you will be able to arrange that gang bang you want."
"That seems a bit awkward, just walking up to strangers and saying, 'Hey, want gang bang me?'"
"Babe, this is a sex party. That's the kind of kinky shit that happens at a sex party."
"Yeah, what kind of kinky shit are you going to ask for?"
"I wanna see if I can fuck a girl while she eats out another girl."
"Count me out of that little fantasy."
"Obviously, your pussy is gonna be busy with a never ending train of dicks. Honestly, once I find two girls to have fun with, I may find myself watching the Sam Gang Bang Show."
"You seem so sure about me having a gang bang."
"I already said you were hot. I like fucking you and I have excellent taste. Of course you're gonna have a gang bang."
Sam rolled her eyes, but remained silent the rest of the drive. Unlike her, Will clearly had no reservations about any part of this sex party.
* * *
Will pulled up to a massive mansion. Sam could see the lights were on in all the rooms, but all the blinds were drawn so the light just leaked out the sides of the windows. She took a deep breath, but didn't move to get out of the car. Will popped out of the car and circled around to her door. He opened the door and extended his hand.
"Come on, babe. It's time to have some fun," Will said with more of a smile than a smirk.
She accepted his hand and once she was out of the car, Will pulled her body tight against his. In her ear, he whispered, "Just breathe, babe. You're fucking gorgeous, and you can have anything you want this evening." Will sucked on her earlobe and trailed kisses down her neck. He squeezed her waist and then offered her his arm.
This was the most gentlemanly Will had ever been to her and Sam appreciated his actions at the moment. It soothed her nerves enough to follow him to the front door.
Will reached his hand to knock on the door, but it opened before his knuckles made contact.
"Welcome," a pretty redhead, wearing a sheer, black negligee, cut in a baby doll style, said.
"Hi there," grinned Will, clearly eyeing up the woman.
"IDs," the woman demanded.
Sam scooped hers out of her purse and Will pulled his from his wallet. She compared the IDs to a list of names on her phone, then nodded, and handed the IDs back.
"I'm glad you could both make it. Remember, we use first names only, and no means no. Also, no phones beyond the foyer. I'll take your personal effects and lock them into the safe," she said as she pointed to a safe in the corner of the room. It was a massive safe already filled with purses and phones.
Hesitantly, Sam handed over her purse. She felt like she was giving up her safety net. Will had no such hesitancy.
"Babe, put my phone in your purse. It'll make it easier at the end of the night." The redhead was already holding Sam's purse. She undid the clasp and Will dropped his phone, keys, and wallet into Sam's purse. The tiny pouch bulged with the extra contents.
The woman set Sam's overstuffed purse on the middle shelf of the safe. She turned, gave a smile, and said, "Please head through that doorway and enjoy a drink."
Will hooked elbows with Sam, gave her a classic Will smirk, and tugged her through the doorway.
As Sam entered the new room, she found it full of couches and chairs with people sitting everywhere. Some were making out. One woman was only clad in her thong as two men casually bent over to sucked on her nipples. One man dipped the woman's nipple into his glass of wine and then sucked her nipple clean. Both men resumed their conversation with a third man, sitting across from them, like there wasn't a mostly naked woman sitting among them.
The third man, sitting across from the woman, set his wine glass down on a table to the side of him, leaned forward, and grasped the woman by her outer thighs. He pulled her forward, causing the woman to laugh. Once the woman's ass was near the edge of the couch, the man quickly slid down her thong. He pushed her legs open. The men sitting on either side of her, each grabbed a leg and held them open. The man across from her delved between her legs. Soon the woman was writhing on the couch and moaning. The two men next to her continued to suck on her nipples and grab her breasts.
"See," Will breathed into her ear, causing Sam to jump, "look at how much fun that woman is having. Guaranteed each of those men is going to sample her pussy this evening. Now let's go get that drink."
Will guided her to a bar tucked into the corner of the room. A topless woman was behind the bar. "Hey there, what can I get you?" she asked with a smile.
Sam mutely pointed to a bottle of white wine and then turned around to stare at the room some more. She noticed there were bars in each corner of the room. Two had topless women providing drinks and the other two had topless men doing the same.
"Her first time, huh?"
"Yup, she's just taking in all the scenes," Will responded, tugging on Sam's arm lightly to get her to notice her drink.
The bartender smiled at Sam. It was a genuine smile that lit up her eyes. "I promise, you're totally safe here. I've been bartending at these parties for a couple of years now and nothing bad has ever happened to me. The coordinator of this event doesn't tolerate any bullshit. Seriously, go have fun. In 20 minutes, I plan to be stark naked behind this bar, still serving drinks, while being fucked from behind. My only problem is choosing from all the cocks."
Will smirked and responded, "I'm sure you don't have to stop at just one cock."
"No doubt," the bartender smiled back.
Sam was about to turn with Will to continue touring the sights when a masculine arm landed on the bar next to her, She could feel the heat of the body the arm was attached to behind her. Sam turned to look at who was crowding so close to her. She was extremely glad she hadn't picked up her drink yet, because it definitely would have been on the floor.
"Mr. El..."
"Nope," her boss, Mr. Ellick said, cutting off Sam's words with a finger over her lips. "Remember, no last names. Just call me Tom."
Sam turned and looked at Will, accusing eyes asking him if he knew their boss would be there. His response was a very knowing smirk.
"Sam, I'm so glad you could come this evening," Tom said, drawing her attention back to him.
"What are you doing here?" was all she could think to say.
The bartender laughed and Will took an oversized drink of his wine to hide his own laugh.
"Relax, Sam. This is my home. I'm the coordinator of this event."
"You?"
Sam turned her head and looked at Will again. "You knew this, didn't you?"
Will shrugged and gave her a smile.
"Sam, if you're worried about anything outside this party, stop now. You know what I am to you outside of this party, and now you know I coordinate a sex party. Trust me, you have all the leverage."
Sam turned that thought over in her mind. Mr. Ellick, Tom, rather, certainly took a huge risk inviting anyone he knew from work to a sex party he coordinated. At the same time, Tom now knew she attended a sex party. She guessed that balanced the situation out a bit.
She nodded at Tom while picking up her wine and taking a large drink. The bartender quickly refilled her glass, a faint smile tugging at her lips.
"Walk with me, Sam," Tom directed her by hooking his arm into hers.
Will leaned over, kissed her on the cheek and whispered, "Have fun," into her ear.
"You're leaving me?" questioned Sam.
"Relax, babe, you're in good hands. And I have two lovely ladies to go find," Will smiled and then walked off. Sam swore she heard him whistling.
With another gentle tug on her arm, Tom pulled Sam after him. While she walked, she attempted to check Tom out. He was older, probably his 50s. He was graying around the edges of his brown hair. Still, he appeared in excellent shape and his brown eyes were sharp. In truth, he was rather good looking.
Tom actually wasn't such a bad boss. She'd had more than one boss come on to her and find ways to touch her when it was uncalled for. That had never been the case with Tom. He kept a respectful distance from her and tended to be polite in his word choice. Heck, not that long ago, Tom had even suggested Sam see a doctor if her fake headaches persisted. Of course, that was more than likely a way to casually remind her to see a doctor without giving anything away. Sam shook her head and took another large gulp of her wine.
Tom remained silent as he guided her toward a couch next to a lit fireplace. He seemed content to let her sort things out in her mind without rushing her. More points for a respectful boss.
"Please, have a seat," gestured Tom toward a seat cushion. She sat on the middle cushion, and Tom sat down next to her, very closely next to her. With the ease and practice reflecting his years, he slid his arm around Sam's shoulder, and pulled her close to his body.
"You look stunning this evening," he murmured into her ear.
"Thank you," Sam smiled, enjoying the smell of Tom's cologne. She let her body relax into Tom's body.
"Will tells me you have a particular fantasy in mind for this evening."
And now Sam wanted to sink into the couch cushions. Her body tensed right back up and she took another large drink of wine, silently bemoaning the fact that her glass was almost empty.
Tom smiled at her and said, "Just relax. We're only talking."
"Yes, it seems you've talked to Will quite a bit."
"True, but if it makes you feel any better, Will didn't kiss and tell. After your escapades in the bathroom stall of the company gym, I put two and two together."
"You heard us?"
"Yes, and enjoyed it quite a bit. Not to worry, I put the cleaning cone outside the bathroom and locked the door. I can assure you, I was the only one enjoying the sound of your activities."
"Thank you, I think?" Sam said and downed the last of her wine.
Tom plucked the wine glass from her hand and set it one the table next to the couch. "After I overheard your liaison, I went and spoke to Will, not to reprimand him, but to find out what kind of relationship the two of you had."
"I suddenly feel very spied on," interjected Sam, wishing she had another glass of wine.
"I suppose you could see it that way. I find you incredibly attractive and I wanted to find a way to include you in one of my parties. But I have a very strict rule that I don't come on to female employees. It seems so uncouth and rather desperate to me. But Will, he had been to one of my parties in the past, and was in a position to invite you to this party."
"So I've been bamboozled into attending one of your parties?"
"Maybe a bit, but you don't have to do anything you don't want to do. You can leave at any time. I just ask you to give my little party a try before running off on me."
Sam was tempted to leave. Tom had just admitted he worked secretly with Will to get her to the party. Still, it wasn't like Tom was pressuring her to do anything. The bartender assured her she was safe. It wouldn't hurt to stay for at least a bit longer.
"I'll stay, but please tell me what else you and Will discussed."
"That seems fair. First, I want to share something about my sexual interests before I tell you what Will has told me about you. You should know I'm a voyeur. I love watching beautiful women, such as yourself, in the throes of passion."
Sam stared at Tom, wide eyed, saying nothing, wondering where this conversation was going.
Tom smiled at her and continued explaining, "I tell you because I believe in keeping this situation balanced. Will told me you have a very specific fantasy involving multiple men."
Sam's throat grew dry as wetness spread between her thighs. There was something incredibly erotic about knowing her boss's sexual interests and him knowing the same about her. She nodded, her throat too dry to speak.
"Sam, your body is beautiful, and if you will let me, I would love nothing more than to watch a group of men give you pleasure. Would you allow me to do that?"
Sam cleared her throat, attempting to stir her vocal cords into working order. "That sounds really hot, Tom. I'm just not sure how to set something like this up."
Tom smiled broadly, "Just leave that to me," he said while standing up and picking up her empty glass of wine. "I'll get you a refill," he said, raising her glass to make a point, " and find a few men who I know would fulfill your needs. Please remain here and take a moment to relax by the fire."
Sam nodded and watched Tom head toward one of the bars. On the way, he paused and said something into an older man's ear. The man turned to Tom and nodded with a slight smile on his face. She watched as Tom resumed his path toward the bar. He stopped again and whispered into a younger man's ear and received the same response as the previous man.
Sam leaned her head all the way back on the cushion and closed her eyes. What had she gotten herself into? Having her boss watch her while multiple men had their way with her was not how she pictured this evening going. This scenario was way hotter than she pictured. When she went into work on Monday, she and her boss would pretend like nothing happened, but the images of this evening would undoubtedly be floating through their minds. That idea was its own kind of pleasure.
In a few minutes, Tom returned with a full glass of wine. He smiled at her and said, "Please follow me. Let's find somewhere a little more comfortable to enjoy the evening."
Sam stood up and accepted the glass of wine. She took a sip and then linked arms with her boss. Before walking forward, he leaned into her and said, "Be certain this is what you want. No one will force you to do anything you don't want."
With confidence, Sam responded, "This is what I want."
Tom smiled and led her up the stairs. At the end of a long hallway, Tom opened a door into a huge bedroom. There was a king size bed in the middle, a fireplace, and an in suite bathroom. Tom dimmed the lights and then pressed a button to spark the fireplace to life. He took the glass of wine from her hand and set it down on the bedside table.
"The scene you want will take awhile," he said, as he guided her toward the bathroom. "Consider using the facilities. Freshen up, take a deep breath, prepare yourself for an evening of pleasure. The other men won't be here for a bit so please don't rush."
Sam nodded. She took a few minutes for herself in the bathroom, but didn't let herself dwell or she would never leave the bathroom. Stepping out of the bathroom, she found Tom perched on a chair in the corner of the room. He stood up and approached her.
"You look so lovely, Sam," Tom whispered as he leaned forward to kiss her neck. He used one hand to brace her body, and then slowly unzipped her dress with his other hand. "Let's unwrap this lovely package," Tom murmured, he tugged Sam's black dress from her shoulders.
Sam felt her dress slide down her body, revealing her bare breasts. Gripping her waist, Tom leaned down and sucked on each nipple one at a time. He stood upright, and helped Sam step out of the dress pooled at her feet.
"Come lie on the bed, and let me get a good look at this lithe body of yours."
Sam laid down on the bed, tucking her arms behind her head to hike her full breasts upward. Tom lied down beside her and began kissing her neck while running his hands up and down her body. Goosebumps appeared on Sam's body. She could feel Tom's hard cock resting against her naked thigh.
Tom sat up and gave her an almost rueful smile. "Tonight I will just be an observer. Perhaps, another time, you will allow me to enjoy your body in other ways."
Sam felt a very Will-like smirk pull at her lips. "I think that can be arranged."
Tom smiled brightly. "Excellent. Until then, tonight is about you. Will states you have no interest in orally pleasuring any of the men nor using your hands for anything but bracing yourself as you are entered from behind."
Sam nodded, feeling a bit awkward her boss knew that level of detail.
"I'll make sure everyone follows that desire of yours. However, I wonder if you might be open to me adding one addition to your fantasy?"
"Like what?"
"Well..." Tom paused a moment and reached over Sam, his straining cock pressed into her thighs, as he pulled open the bedside table's drawer, and pulled out an eye mask, "would you consider wearing this?"
Sam took the eye mask, examined it a moment, and then slid it over her hair and downward until it covered her eyes.
"Very sexy," breathed Tom into her ear. "Now just breathe deeply and trust that I will keep you safe. Can you do that, Sam?"
Sam said nothing for a few moments, and then responded, "Yes." There was no turning back now. Her skimpy thong stuck to the wetness of her lips and she could feel that it barely covered her pussy. Sam could not think of another time when she was so excited. She couldn't see and her body was practically naked and exposed so men, men she didn't know and couldn't even see, could make use of her pussy and fill her with their cum.
There was a light knock on the door. Sam's heart began beating quickly and she felt her nervous jitters amp up. This was it, a fantasy she thought would always be a fantasy, was about to come true.
"Ah, I believe your guests have arrived. Don't move, I'll let them in." Sam could hear the smile in Tom's voice, and felt the bed shift as he stood up.
His footsteps were silent on the carpet. She heard the door open and then the low murmur of male voices.
"Here she is, gentleman," Tom announced.
"Fuck, she's hot," responded a baritone voice.
"Look at that tight body, so toned," marveled another man.
"I bet her pussy is just as tight," a third voice spoke up.
"Gentleman, why don't come on over for a closer look," Tom invited.
Sam heard the shuffle of footsteps approach her bed. The bed dipped in multiple spots. She thought she counted five dips in the bed? Large hands settled on her legs, stomach, breasts and moved up and down her body. The sensation was overwhelming to her and she let out a moan.
"She's so responsive," remarked Baritone.
Another man leaned her between her legs and licked her thong covered pussy. "Mmm, she's all wet too," murmured the licking man.
"Let's see that tight pussy of hers," another man spoke up. Hands gripped her thong strings on either side and with one swift tug, her thong was removed from her body. Her high heels were the only thing left on.
"Gentleman," Tom spoke up, "spread her legs wide and get a good look. This young lady has requested each of you make thorough use of her."
A man on either side of her, grabbed her legs and pulled them open, exposing Sam's wet pussy to the cooler air. She was so turned on and wet, knowing she was being closely examined. Her wetness dripped down between her ass cheeks. She felt a finger slide down her spread lips, circling around her clit and then inserted into her.
"Damn, she's so tight and wet. Feel her," a man prompted.
One by one, she felt complete strangers insert their fingers into her pussy. Some men formed a hook with their finger and began pumping into her. Sam moaned and writhed about, but couldn't move too much because the other men held her tight.
"Look at how responsive she is," Baritone rumbled. "Flip her over. I gotta fuck her hard," he ordered.
Rough hands grasped her and soon Sam found herself flipped on her hands and knees. Her legs were spread open.
"Let's see you stretch that tight pussy. Make her scream," another man directed.
The bed shifted again, men appeared to leave her side, maybe to get a better look from behind. The bed then shifted both in front of her and behind her. She could smell Tom's cologne in front of her.
He leaned over, placing a warm hand on her shoulder, and whispered into her opposite ear, "You look so beautiful." He leaned back, and she could hear him unbutton and unzip his pants.
Baritone's hands grabbed her hips and pulled her ass up even higher. He smacked her ass sharply, causing Sam to suck in her breath. Baritone rubbed the tip of his cock up and down her slit, spreading her wetness. Then, with little preamble, Baritone shoved his cock into her pussy right to the hilt. He had no interest in going slow, and pumped his dick in out of her at a breakneck speed.
Sam felt her own orgasm building, but before she could fall over the edge, Baritone grunted and filled her pussy with his load.
"Who's next?" he asked as he pulled out and sharply smacked her ass one more time.
Another set of hands gripped her hips, pulling her ass down a little. She felt one of the hands weave its way over the top of her thigh and fingers make their way to her clit. Sam spread her legs a bit more to give the fingers better access to her clit.
"That's it, honey, spread that pussy for me," the hand's owner coaxed.
He began rubbing Sam's clit quickly. She felt the orgasm build back up and then she felt her body detonate with waves of pleasure. Baritone's load slid down her inner thighs and she moaned and writhed.
"Look at that cream pie," drawled the man who had just gotten her off. Sam felt him line himself up behind her and shove his cock into her. He gripped her hips bruisingly hard and began to drill in and out of her. Her pussy spasmed, still trying to recover from her orgasm. She moaned, her hands clenched the bedding, and her toes curled. The man didn't let up until he groaned, and released into her. He paused for a minute and Sam felt his heavy breath on her back. Finally, he pulled out and his weight left the bed.
She felt Tom lean forward, his cologne filling her nostrils, as his warm hand rubbed up and down her back. He spoke quietly into her ear, "You look so beautiful and you've gotten me so hard. Ready for the next man?"
Sam nodded her consent. Tom backed up, and Sam felt the weight on the bed shift behind her.
The man grabbed her hips, but didn't try to enter her. "Hey baby, I know you like being drilled from behind, but could I flip you on to your back and fuck you? Your tits are beautiful and I want to enjoy them."
Before she could respond, Sam felt Tom's weight shift forward. She felt his breath on her ear as he asked, "What do you say, beautiful woman, will you let this man enjoy those lush breasts of yours?"
Sam nodded, feeling too overwhelmed to speak. "That's a good girl," Tom said as he stroked the side of her face with his finger. He helped the man flip her body over. She found herself on her back, legs propped up and opened wide with cum sliding between her ass cheeks.
"That's a beautiful sight," the man sighed. He leaned forward and Sam felt his waist between her thighs. His tongue swirled over one nipple and then the other. He sucked on each nipple, bringing them to tight buds. His hands gripped the flesh of her breasts, giving each globe a tight squeeze. The man slid his hands down her trim waist.
"Such a tight body you have," he murmured. Without warning, he pushed his cock forward into her well used pussy. He pushed in and out of her, his heavy breaths falling on her face.
Sam felt the bed shift behind her head as Tom leaned forward. She felt his lips suck on her earlobe. He whispered into her ear, "Your body is so beautiful being used like it is. I know you can feel that cum leaking out of your pussy. I can hear how wet that little box of yours is." Tom reached down and gripped her breast and then pinch her nipple.
Sam loved how he described her body. She felt an orgasm build up in her. Tom's breath became more labored, and Sam knew he was stroking himself. He whispered into her ear, "Feel that cock using your pussy. I can hear how used that pussy of yours is. But you're not done yet, are you?"
With one man driving his cock between her legs and Tom describing all the carnal details, Sam couldn't hold back another orgasm. Just like before, this orgasm hit her suddenly and violently. She screamed out, her pussy squeezing around the cock of the nameless owner. He grunted and released his cum deep into her dripping pussy. She could feel the cum splattering out and covering her inner thighs and caking on to her small patch of hair.
"Ready for another man?" Tom whispered into her ear, giving her no time to recover her breath.
She felt the bed dip as another man approached her.
"She likes being fucked from behind?"
"Yes," Tom confirmed.
"Help me prop her over that chair. I want to see those legs and tight ass on full display with those heels on," the man all but ordered.
Tom leaned forward and whispered, "Ready for a new position, beautiful woman?" His weight shifted and Sam found her torso being lifted upright. Another set of hands slid her heeled feet on to the carpet.
"That's it, stand up," directed the man, "let's get that hot ass and long legs on display."
With Tom's guidance, Sam stood up and took a wobbly step. She heard another man grunt with exertion. It sounded like he was bringing the chair closer to the bed.
"Face the chair that way, so all of us get a good view," the bossy man continued to direct.
Tom placed Sam's hands on the back of the chair. She gripped the back hard, steadying herself on her shaky legs. The cum in her pussy was allowing gravity to take its course and dripped down the side of her legs. Sam almost laughed when a brief worry that she would get the carpet dirty passed through her mind.
The bossy man came up behind her, his stiff cock lodging itself between her ass cheeks. He humped her ass crack a few times and then backed up. She felt his hands grip her waist and pull it outwards.
"Come on, darling, let's get that ass on full display," he chuckled. With his foot, he spread her legs further apart, opening her pussy wider.
"Look at this well fucked pussy. All this cum dripping out. You're making a real mess, you know that, don't you, darling?"
Sam nodded. She felt so exposed. Her dripping pussy on display for complete strangers to see. It was so objectifying, humiliating, and intimate all at the same time.
The bossy man smacked her ass causing her to suck in her breath. "Look at those beautiful ass cheeks shake," he purred.The man smacked her ass several more times. She could feel it getting warm and the sting spreading over each cheek.
"Her ass looks so much better well spanked," Bossy Man declared. He rubbed his hands all over her cheeks, soothing the sting.
"Now, I think this pussy could do with another cocked shoved in it. You'd like that, darling, wouldn't you?" demanded Bossy Man.
"Yes," Sam murmured, her voice airy and her throat dry.
Bossy Man stood behind her, gripped her hips and raised her ass up a bit until Sam was almost on her tiptoes. He guided his cock into her pussy, sliding it all the way to the hilt with almost no resistance.
"This pussy is so well used. It's gaping, just letting any cock in with ease," Bossy Man continued to narrate. "I'm going to fuck you hard, make sure your pussy is filled right up with my cum."
Sam felt her breasts bouncing on her chest and her feet bouncing in her heels as she gripped the back of the chair to hold herself up.
"I'm going to cum soon. Line the next cock up quick. Don't give this pussy a minute to rest until we've all filled her," grunted Bossy Man.
Sam felt his load spurt into her. The load barely had a chance to slide out of her pussy before she felt another set of hands grip her. Without a word, a new cock was pumped into her. The owner of this cock reached around and rubbed her clit. She squirmed, her ass backing up against the man behind her. He held her firmly in place and kept pumping his cock into her pussy. She moaned, feeling her pussy tighten around the dick in her. The man continued to say nothing as he fucked her hard.
Sam's orgasm was slower to build this time. She felt the sensation build in her clit until finally the stranger's finger hit just the right angle, and her third orgasm of the night consumed her body. Even as her orgasm began to subside, the man didn't remove his finger from her clit. Sam's legs shook, her ass writhed at the intense situation, and she moaned. The man kept rubbing her clit until she could hardly stand the sensation. Finally, just as Sam thought she wouldn't be able to take it any more, the man groaned and came in her.
He backed up, popping his cock out of her pussy. Sam's legs bent at the knees and she had to lean over the chair just to keep from falling on the floor. Tom approached her side and wrapped an arm around her waist.
"Thank you, gentlemen. I believe this beautiful woman is well and truly fucked." He helped her walk to the bed. She sat on the edge of the bed and fell back. She knew her legs were lewdly propped open, but she was just too tired to care. Faintly, she heard the sound of zippers and rustle of clothing as the men got dressed. She heard a few good byes and chuckles, and finally the click of the bedroom door.
Tom approached Sam and lifted one leg to slide off her heel and then did the same to the other leg. "Come on, Sam, let's get you more on the bed."
Sam used her elbows to pull herself backwards on to the bed while Tom slipped his arms under her shoulders to assist her movement. Her head lay back on to the pillow and she let out a sigh.
Tom slipped the eye mask off her face. She blinked, clearing her vision. She noticed that Tom hadn't done his pants up, and his semi-erect cock still protruded from the fly.
"Hey there, beautiful woman," Tom greeted her, a smile reaching his eyes. He held up a bottle of water and offered it to her.
"Yes, please," Sam practically begged.
Tom moved forward, his cock rubbing against her arm, as he helped her lift her head so she could drink in a large gulp of water.
"Better?"
"So much better," Sam smiled. She looked down at his cock and tentatively asked, "Did you get off?"
"No," he smiled. "I was actually hoping to now."
Sam raised an eyebrow and objection forming in the back of her throat.
"Relax, Sam. I don't mean I want to fuck you. I was just hoping you would watch as I shot a load on those firm breasts of yours. They've been calling to me all night."
Sam smiled and said, "Sure, why not. My tits seem too clean anyway."
Tom set the water bottle down next to her wine glass. He leaned forward and gently kissed Sam on the lips. "Thank you for this evening, Sam. It was so erotic and you were so beautiful."
Sam didn't know how to respond so she kissed Tom again. He chuckled and pulled his head back. He sat himself upright on his knees and pulled his pants and boxers down over his ass. His cock had perked back up nicely. With a smile, he started stroking his cock slowly. Sam watched as precum dripped from its tip.
She reached down and began playing with her tits. Sam tweaked her nipples, lifted her breasts, and then pushed the globes of flesh together. Tom's breath caught as he watched the show. She continued to make sure her nipples were tight little buds.
Tom picked up the pace, stroking his cock so fast his hand blurred. With a groan, he released a load of cum. It arched upward and then splattered all over Sam's tits. Tom gave his cock a few more lazy strokes, releasing every last drop of his cum, and then laid back on the bed next to Sam.
Sleep claimed Sam's body as her eyes closed. She was woken by a knocking on the bedroom door. Tom sat up right and then stood up. He pulled up his pants and zipped them. Slowly, he made his way over to the door and opened it a crack.
"Hey there, Tom," Will said through the door crack. "You wouldn't happen to be keeping a hot woman in this room? Brown hair, blue eyes, tight body, and I would guess she's well fucked by now."
Tom opened the door wide enough to let Will into the bedroom. Sam squinted her eyes against the light of the hallway. Will entered and Tom promptly shut the door.
"And there she is. How are you doing, babe?"
"Hey Will," Sam mumbled.
Will sat down next to her with his smirk firmly in place and asked, "So how many guys used that luscious pussy of yours?"
"Will," Tom interjected, "perhaps you could help me get Sam to the bathroom. I think she may like a shower."
"Yes, please," agreed Sam.
Will helped Sam sit upright and slide her to the edge of the bed. "Wow," he exclaimed, "that's a lot of cum decorating you."
Sam smiled weakly, exhaustion pulling at her limbs. She wobbled as she stood up and nearly fell back on the bed. Will grabbed hold of her arm and held her steady.
"Hey babe, how about we shower together. I can't have you drowning in the shower before I get to hear all the details of your first gang bang."
Sam nodded, her eyes barely open. Will led her to the bathroom and helped her step into the stall. She leaned against the tile while Will undressed. Tom stood in the doorway, watching.
"I assume she had a good time?" Will casually asked.
"I'd like to think so," Tom responded.
"The best," Sam said with a sleepy smile.
Warm water sprayed onto Sam's body and Will's gentle hands spread soap all over her, washing away the night's activities from her skin. Will dried her, dressed her, and placed her in the car. Soon she found herself in her own bed with no memory of how she got there. Sam sighed contentedly and fell into a deep sleep.
* * *
On Monday morning, Sam found herself sitting at her desk typing away to finish a project by the end of the day.
"Good morning, Sam," Mr. Ellick said from the entrance of her cubicle.
"Good morning, Mr. Ellick. I hope you had a good weekend," she responded, looking up at Mr. Ellick with an overly innocent smile on her face.
"Mine was wonderful," he smiled back. "And yours?"
"Very wonderful. Definitely something worth repeating."
Mr.Ellick continued smiling, and said, "I expect the report by the end of the day," and then left her cubicle without waiting for a response.