I decided to pick up the Crossroads DVD at Best Buy last night just before the store was closing. Most people in the store had moved to the front registers to check out. I wandered back to the music section.
Just as I arrived, the store manager approached me and asked if he could help me. I told him what I was looking for. He smiled and said "This way".
As he handed me the DVD, we struck up a conversation about Eric Clapton. He became relaxed, out of that store-clerk-helping-the-customer act. We seemed to have the same interests in music and it was fun sharing good times each song reminded us of.
The lights started to go out in the back of the store and he asked if I was in a hurry to leave. I said no, why? He said he would be right back. So I smiled to myself thinking, hey, he's kinda cute and I realized I wanted to see where it would go.... Hmmm. I looked through some more music DVDs while I waited.
After a bit, he came back and we shared names, smiling at each other. He explained that he had arranged to close the store and let everybody else go. Was I okay with that? I said, yeah, sure, okay, thinking that I did just meet this guy and now he's saying that the store is empty of everyone. (cough, cough)
He suggested we talk some more and led me over to where the TV section is located and there are some couches there. He had placed some bottled water on the table and picked up a remote and all the TV screens were suddenly playing the Crossroads DVD, in living color, and through incredible speakers.
I was enveloped in the music. I started to sway, then out and out dance to "Lay Down Sally". Ha! How appropriate! My new friend joined me and we danced and sang, playing an air guitar or two, laughing and just goofing off.
We went through some great guitarists; Booker T, BB King, Jimmie Vaughn, John Mayer, Allman Brothers, and on and on. It was such a release to just let go and jam.
My body had become pretty tense just before, overthinking the situation. Now, my head was in tune with my body and I wanted to stay and get to know my new friend better.
We grabbed some water and sat down on the couch, watching Jeff Beck rockin' out! Toe tapping, I'm talking! Whew! As we caught our breath, we looked at each other at the same time, eyes locked. His were warm and twinkly at the same time.
My head started to feel a buzzing all around my scalp. I shivered and we both laughed! He leaned over to gently kiss me. I leaned into his mouth and his hand traveled up my arm to my neck, then my cheek, deepening the kiss to a hot exchange of lips and tongues.
My head was spinning now. Thank God I was seated! We came up for air and all of a sudden I felt kinda shy! Weird. He said he loved my kisses and we went at it again, this time he pulled me to him, running his hands up and down my back and down to my hips and around to my thighs and back up.
Clapton is crooning in the background but the picture is lost on us. I begin to run my hands up under his shirt and feel his hard body and soft, warm skin. His muscles flex under my touch as he continues what has now become a pleasurable torture of his hands all over me.
I pull his shirt over his head and toss it away. Mine!! All mine!!
I start kissing his neck and down to his chest, rubbing my nose and face in his furry chest. Yum! My hands are traveling just ahead of my kisses. I move to one of his nipples and lap and lick and he groans.
Then he places his hands gently on either side of my face and pulls me up to his mouth and our tongues and lips continue the lap and lick motions. He moves his hand under my shirt, sliding it up to the bottom of my bra and quickly pops it up and away from my breast and squeezes! Ahhhhhh!
An electric volt races from my nipple to my groin and now I'm feelin so hot! He removes my shirt and bra in one movement. Then he cups my breasts and moans as he licks, kisses and sucks his way from one to the other and back again!
My skin is on fire and I can feel myself getting wet between my legs; squirming a bit against the sofa to ease the throbbing.
I reach for his pants and unzip them. His cock springs free in my hand! Oh my! He is so very hard and I start to stroke him, loving the feel of his head and long length.
He gives my breast another pinch as he slowly stands in front of me to remove his pants. After he kicks them away, I gently run my hands up from his knees to his inner thighs and brush my hand over his bush and balls.
My other hand is moving up the back of his thighs to his buttocks. His skin kinda prickles with goose bumps and I smile as my mouth moves to his head, licking and kissing. My hands are enjoying the texture of his balls and I grasp the base of his cock as my mouth sucks him fully into my mouth.
He lets out a deep breath with a groan. I'm encouraged to continue and begin to set a pace of sucking and licking. My tongue licks his head and sucks; then I lick my way down his length to his balls and suckle there, tonguing each one, kissing and gently letting them fill my mouth.
Then I use the flat of my tongue to lick and tongue my way back up the bottom of his length, my hand is sleekly pumping his shaft. I spend more time on his head and then he stops me, pleading for me to stop before it's all over.
I smile and he lifts me to stand beside him for a kiss. Yummy! Sucking his cock has made me sooo hot and wet. There's only one place where this is going.
Somewhere during all that, he used the remote to play some music off of Pandora. The TVs are all set now to the in store cameras. He notices that I've stopped to take in our surroundings, wall to wall TVs.
He gives my breast a squeeze and chuckles and I turn back to him smiling and we kiss again. My arms move up over his shoulders and his hands slide down my waist to my hips and around the front to the zipper on my jeans. We keep the kiss going as he pushes my panties and jeans down my legs.
He moves from my lips to suck my tits as he helps me step out of my pants. As he stands back up to continue a deep kiss, his hand moves up my inner thigh. He cups me and ever so slightly flicks his middle finger against my slit.
Tap, tap, tap. Each tap takes his finger deeper between my lips and once he strikes wet, he starts a very, very slow motion of his middle finger along the slit easing his way in so gradually. My wet pussy is offering little resistance now, no friction encountered.
My hips have begun to move in counterpoint to his finger, feeling this incredible urge to throw him on the couch and slide onto him.
But I wait and just whimper when his finger FINALLY touches my clit. I practically jump away I'm so jarred! But his other hand on my lower back helps me stay there and feel so excited as he is now circling my clit, brushing over it, circling, brushing.
Then his other fingers gradually follow the same route from circling my clit and lightly rubbing it to my pussy and dip in, wetting his fingers with my hot juice. It is so slick and I shudder at its goodness.
The pleasure has plateaued – suspended, there in such a pleasurable place. With senses heightened, I grab his cock and gently stroke and pull him toward my pussy. It's a primal urge to want him sliding deep inside me. But he's got another idea... He whispers in my ear, "You like watching porn?"
"Huh?" It took a moment to understand what he said through my pleasure infested brain. "Yeah, I love it, why?"
He chuckles. "Would you like to star in your own porn show?"
He kisses me and squeezes my breasts. I'm just staring at him, mouth open in wonderment.
He takes my hand and pulls me over to one of the cameras. He extends his arm away from the camera, leading me to stand in front of it. He touches a few buttons on the remote; the TVs all flicker to the same picture of the cash register, and he reaches for the camera.
Suddenly, I get what is about to happen and giggle a shriek, turning my back to the camera just as he focuses it on me! I pull a Marilyn Monroe pose like when she's over the sidewalk grate with the wind flying her dress up. Only I don't have anything on and my back is turned toward the camera.
I'm looking back over my shoulder at the camera with this amazed look. Eyes big, mouth pouting a little moue (red and wet from our kisses) and a giant flush has raced up my butt cheeks, along my back, to my neck and across my face.
And I can see my look because it is all over the TVs!! I'm kinda frozen in time it seems. But eventually my friend comes over into the line of fire of the camera and pulls me into a hug. Now I can see us all over the TVs over his shoulder.
Slowly I begin to breathe and watch as my hands slowly slide up his back to his shoulders and down his arms. I can feel his cock spring hard against my belly and he leans back and kisses me gently, stroking my back.
Ooooh that feels good. I close my eyes and just feel his hands on me and my hands on him. With my eyes still closed my hands move to his chest and I begin to kiss his chest and rub my face against him while he is running his hands all over my body.
I shiver pleasurably. We kiss more and I run my breasts against his chest and enjoy the springy texture on my sensitive nipples. My eyes open lazily and I catch myself with him on the screen again and I feel myself flush again but I'm looking at our movements now and I start to feel tingly and a little bold.
So I kiss his chest and move my kisses down his belly to his cock and take him in my mouth as I position us sideways to the camera, kneeling in front of him. He chuckles softly and groans his encouragement. I start licking and sucking his hard cock.
Suddenly I hear a little whirl and the TVs all zoom in on my mouth, chock full of cock! I gulp and bear down! I am sucking him fully in my mouth while my hand is pumping him and he has taken up the motion and pushes his hips in and out of my mouth, perfect timing.
My tongue flicks his head each time I pull away and then sinks back onto his hard length. His head touches the back of my throat and I suck and lick as much as I can. He slows me down by touching my head and I look up at him.
He smiles, breathing hard, and helps me to stand. He gives me another luscious kiss, grabbing me to him and squeezing me tight.
He glances at the couch and looks at me, inviting me to join him there. I smile back eagerly. He adjusts the camera while I pose on the couch.
Then he joins me as The Steve Miller Band plays in the background, "Jungle love in the surf in the pouring rain; Everything's better when wet".
I smile bigger hearing the words. Then a kissing and touching frenzy ensues. Any time I look up at the TVs, I see us on the couch. Then he has me on my back, kissing me, and then moving his mouth to my nipples.
His hand moves to my still wet pussy. It doesn't take long before I realize that he is kissing his way down my belly to my mound. He parts my lips and uses his tongue on my clit with the same expertise that he used with his fingers.
Over and over, he laps me and my hips are pushing up against him as I start to feel that building of electric tingling and a warm sharp spiraling in my belly down to my clit.
He dips his tongue into my wet pussy and I come undone! I am cumming and cumming and he is back on my clit and then to my pussy. Aghhhhhhh!
I finally gasp, gasp, and gasp out my final breaths of my little death. Whew! It feels as though I came apart into shattered pieces. I slowly open my eyes and he looms up over me to give me a musky kiss with a huge satisfied and proud look in his eyes!
Simultaneously we look at the TVs. There's silence and then we bust out laughing. He nuzzles my neck and I run my hands down his backside.
"I want you inside!" I whisper. "NOW!" He laughs again. He takes me in his arms and kisses me. I use my hand to guide his cock to my hot wetness that is still throbbing from my orgasm. I feel his head squeeze past the entrance.
He eases out and back in, in small measure, gauging my reaction. Our eyes are locked and I feel the desire in my nose, a kind of sharp sting that ignites my clit, (what?! – Wow!)
Excitement is building again. I hear the familiar whirl as he uses the remote to zoom in on us. We adjust ourselves to better see on the TVs and he keeps his intense penetration.
When he slides all the way in to the hilt, he stops and we smile in a heavily anxious and totally relaxed feeling at the same time, knowing what is coming. Ha!
He grabs my hips and pulls me under him better to get the feel he wants. I wiggle my hips enjoying the feel of his cock filling me up. He starts a slow thrusting motion and I watch his face as he is starting to feel the sweet pressure begin to build.
I turn my head to watch us on TV and he feels my movement and follows suit. We are both watching him fuck me senseless! I can hear his breathing and the slap of his balls on my cheeks and anus, tickling me there.
I become even more excited as I watch and hear him; and feel him fucking my hot tight pussy. I'm starting to feel that familiar build of excitement. I'm watching his close up wet cock on the TV as he plunges in deep and then pulls out, pulling my inner pussy lips outward as if the suction is so tight I'm being pulled inside out! Ooooooh!
Breathing harder now, hips grinding to reach that elusive point ... Where is it? My clit starts to tingle and my pussy starts to tighten uncontrollably around his hard cock and I'm cumming again, a rush of sensation races up to my head.
I throw my head back and scream just as there is an explosion behind my eyelids and my pussy is convulsing around his cock.
He starts to moan and grunt as he fuck, fuck and fucks me hard and I feel this glorious warmth filling my pussy with his cum; I'm still in a tingly mode, feeling such intense sensations throughout my whole body!
He collapses on top of me. I love that feeling as he relaxes, jerking a little in response to the final ripples of the orgasm. I slowly stroke his back and butt as we both relax and breathe.
After a while, he rises up and looks at me smiling. I return the grin as he kisses me long and sweet.
He gets up and pulls me into his lap and we chat and laugh softly about what we loved about the whole thing! We drink some water and both walk through the store to regain our equilibrium. From time to time he reaches for me and gives me a warm and rocking hug! It feels so good!
After putting our clothes back on, he suggests we go have a drink at Chili's and watch the Duke Basketball game. Great idea, I'm thinking! Meanwhile, he puts everything back in place in the store. I return my dvd to the music section.
I will look forward to watching it again when I visit Best Buy next time. As we drive to Chili's, I share with him that next time we should watch ourselves in other positions, say, doggie or reverse cowgirl. He raises his eyebrows in surprise and we both laugh feeling entirely comfortable with each other.