It was a hot, very hot day in Southern California. Most of the time the weather is nearly perfect, but the temps are highest, the wind doesn't blow as much and the smog seems to be at its worst in August and September.
Even though we have a/c and a wonderful pool, we just couldn't seem to cool off. I was feeling a bit agitated and wanted to get out for a while.
So we took the kids to the movie theatre and gave them enough money for a couple of shows and have them filled up with enough junk stuff to be satisfied and then my husband and I went shopping at the mall.
And it was good to get out and reconnect. Kids can be wonderful but they can absolutely dominate your life too and as a couple, need to enjoy being a couple.
My husband was a great guy to go with me-hell I was being a bit of a bitch and I loved him dearly for loving me so much. So I wore one of his favorite summer time outfits to please him and let him know that going to the mall with his wife wasn't such a bad thing after all.
I have this great maxi goddess style dress-its white-kind of sheer with silver, gold and shiny black accents. It hits roughly at my ankles and at the top cuts straight across held up only by spaghetti straps. To go with it, I had on a strapless white bra-very sheer also underneath. I also had on white heeled sandals with kind of a cute gold metal trim.
I didn't wear regular hose today which at some level disappointed my husband a little I think. It wasn't just the heat but also because my sandals had a toe strap for the big toe so I wore capri hose which end right below the knee. Otherwise they are just like regular nylons. My husband has a real and strong fetish for stockings, pantyhose, lingerie, sexy clothes and heels on his woman. I love to please him however I can and know that he would approve. I was wearing the nude shade from Assets-they are like Spanx but are more sheer and light. I forget I'm wearing them they are so comfy!
I went to several stores and tried on any number of tops, blouses, blue jeans, dresses, you name it-and I have to say, I bought my share.
After that we texted the kids and knowing that they were fine kept on shopping.
We went into the local Macy's and they happened to have some preseason fall items already marked down. I saw a black distressed leather skirt that I immediately fell in love with. I tried it on and my man loved it on me when I came out of the dressing room to show him. He saw the very bottom of my Capri hose as my skirt was knee length and gave me "that grin" and I knew that he liked the skirt as well as what I had on underneath!
Even though I had already blown the budget with my purchases, I decided that I wanted to have this one too! I went back to change and my husband who had been rooting around in the skirt rack, found another one for me to try on-this one in a very light buckskin tan. He came back into the dressing rooms and came in. I was in the middle of changing, but the look on his face made me feel like I needed to reward this sweet man who put up with me all the time. So I stood there half dressed-I had on my bra, heels and capri hose but hadn't put my maxi dress back on yet. He closed the door and walked the skirt over to me. I put it on the hanger and threw my arms around him and gave him the biggest kiss. I worked my arms down to his shoulders back and butt-I love his hard firm little butt! After several several handfuls of his cute cheeks, i worked my way around to his crotch.
He very was hard through his cargo shorts. I loved the feel when I grabbed his dick the first time today. I undid his belt, unzipped his fly and let his shorts and boxer briefs fall to the floor. After rubbing his fine hard cock, I slowly went to my knees and came face to face with his manhood. It was thick-if not super long but very thick and it was very purple.
I stared at it for a brief second, seeing it tremble and move a tiny little bit, like it was a being all its own apart from my husband.
I took it into my mouth. It was so hard and full feeling. I wrapped my tongue around the head of his cock, then I opened my throat a bit and took it further into my mouth past it's head .
My husband was up against the wall with his cock in my mouth. His hands were wrapped around my hair guiding me to where and how he wanted to have his cock sucked. I was really enjoying this-being in the women's sportswear dressing room of Macys giving my husband a hummer. It was a real 1st for us! There was the normal activity around us. Girls and women going in and out of the other changing rooms, sales ladies walking around, helping and giving advice. We were kind of sort of in front of the mirror and I wondered if anyone was behind it, trying to catch shoplifters. At that time, neither of us really cared.
I cradled my husbands balls and while I was feeling his cock fill my mouth as it went in and out of my mouth. I felt his balls alternatively harden and loosen, kind of expand and contract in my hands or when they were up against my chin.
It was almost like he had this monster shaped like a cock attached to his body but that this appendage had a life of its own. It didn't take long really. Within 30 strokes or so down into my throat, I could feel that he was ready-I grabbed his balls very hard and moved my lips back to the head of his cock. My tongue was moving underneath it-he always told me that is the most sensitive area. He came-rivers and rivers of cum. I actually gagged a bit and most of it came out of my mouth and straight to the floor.
We kind of caught our breath and took stock around us. We really hadn't planned anything like this at all and I wondered vaguely what would happen if someone knew...but then I didn't care either-we just had some real fun! My husband didn't make any noise but how can people not know that you are kind of having sex right next to them! I decided that we were ok and got dressed. We left the dressing room and from what we could figure no one saw or heard a thing. I bought both the skirts by the way along with everything else I had already purchased! Lastly, we retrieved our kids from the movies. That night, my husband made sweet love to me and gave me some release too. Everyone was satisfied! After that we kind of laughed, wondering if some old man security guard got his mind blown-wouldn't that make for a great story from his point of view sometime?