Everyone in the story is at least 18 years old, and the story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental. This story follows the relationship between John and Laura first introduced in "New neighbors Pt. 01' in which they meet. Constructive comments are welcomed.
John woke up before Laura, but he didn't want to get out of bed. Since meeting Laura two days ago, and having sex all yesterday afternoon and evening, his life had changed. At least, he hoped it had. He loved having her in bed with him when he woke up. She was so beautiful laying there with her breasts uncovered, no make-up with messed up hair. He watched her breathing as she slept. He felt so lucky to have met her.
As he watched her, she opened her eyes and said, "How long have you been awake? Were you watching me sleep?"
He snuggled up against her firm body, kissed her, and said, "Good morning. I've been awake for a few minutes. Yes, I was watching you sleep. You're beautiful when you sleep."
Bo, realizing that someone was finally awake, leaped on the bed, licking and stepping on both of them.
"He just wants breakfast," John said, continuing to kiss Laura, running his hand down her back. Bo sat at the end of the bed and started whining and pawing at them.
"He's not going to give up," John said. He sat up and looked at Bo and said, "Just wait until you have a lady friend over Bo," and got out of bed. "I'm going downstairs and feed him. Do you want some breakfast?"
"No, that's OK. I'll get something later. I'm just going to take a quick shower and brush my teeth, then I'll be down."
John went downstairs, let Bo out, filled his food bowl. While Bo was eating, he got coffee started. He splurged on the best brewer he could find, and it made coffee, better than any he'd had at a coffee house. While that was brewing, he put on an apron, as he neglected to put on clothes this morning. He made scrambled eggs and bacon - enough for two. Bread was waiting in the toaster, and he had a bottle of fresh squeezed orange juice. He set the table and went outside to get a flower for a bud vase on the table.
John was tired today. He usually got up early to go for a run, but considering his house guest, he thought he could skip it today. Bo wouldn't like it.
Laura finally forced herself to get up. She took a quick shower and brushed her teeth. She was sore from yesterday's activities, but it felt good. The sex with John had been unbelievable. She couldn't believe how fast she was falling for him and wondered if that was a good thing. Heading downstairs, she smelled coffee and food. She was hungrier than she thought.
Laura came downstairs looking fresh and gorgeous. She had put on one of John's running shirts, very light-weight and almost transparent.
"You didn't have to dress for breakfast," John said.
"You're looking good. I see what you mean about a cook only wearing an apron. You look hot. Twirl around for me, so I can see that tight ass," she said.
John turned all the way around, and Laura whistled and clapped. She noticed the apron was tented in the front.
She looked over at the table and saw all the food on it.
"I told you I didn't want any breakfast. You'll make me fat."
"Anything you don't want, I can feed to Bo. At least sit and have some coffee with me. I make great coffee," John said.
She sat down at the table where a place had been set, with her cup of coffee. A few minutes later, she took some eggs and bacon and a piece of toast and some orange juice. Poor Bo didn't get any extra food.
"Are you ready for a tour of the house?"
"Actually, I need to go home for a little while first. I need to get cleaned up, and I can't walk around naked all the time."
"You can be naked around me anytime."
"Then where would the mystery be? Tell you what, I'll be back around four o'clock for the tour, and we can have dinner."
"Great. Bo and I can get a run in, and I can straighten up a little. What would you like for dinner? I'll run to the store."
"I like everything. I'm going out the back. We wouldn't want to upset the neighbors."
John and Bo went for a seven-mile run. It was a little farther than his usual five miles, but he was feeling great after last night. He had no idea where things were going with Laura, but it felt wonderful to have her in is life now.
After his run, he went to the grocery store in town to stock his refrigerator. For tonight, he bought everything he needed for an Italian dinner and stocked up on all the staples. He needed to keep the kitchen stocked if Laura was going to be around as much as he hoped. The cashier noticed that he looked happy today and asked him if there was a reason. He told her that there might be.
Stopping by the small florist shop, he bought flowers to be delivered to the house. He never bought flowers, but he thought it would make the house look nice for Laura. He also had roses sent to her. Before heading home, he stopped by the barber for a trim and a shave.
By the time he finished shopping, it was three o'clock. His housekeeper, Marge, was just leaving, and she gave him a big smile. The flowers had been delivered, and Marge had seen to their placement around the house. There was even a bouquet in the bedroom. He thought about it and realized that Marge knew why he was looking happy from the state of the bedroom and bath. She had found an extra toothbrush holder and placed it next to his in the upstairs bath. Marge knew about everything in his life.
Just before she left, John asked, "Marge, do you know where the china and silver are?"
"Not offhand, but I can find them for you."
"That's not necessary."
Marge ignored him and set off to find the china. "I take it a special guest is coming for dinner. Do I need to stay and cook?"
"Yes, a very special guest is coming, but I want to do the cooking myself. I hoped you'll meet her soon."
Marge smiled like she was happy for him and curious who his guest was.
John grabbed a shower and his mind drifted back to last night. He was hard by the time he got out and dressing in the bedroom didn't help. Her scent lingered in the room. He finally got dressed and headed downstairs to start dinner.
He went into his photography studio to straighten up and picked out the portfolios he wanted to show Laura. He daydreamed about her posing nude for him. His erection was never going to go away.
The doorbell rang and Bo barked. John almost ran to the door but tried to calm himself down. He didn't know how Laura was feeling about last night and about him. Opening the door, he was overjoyed to see her, as was Bo. He seemed to really like her. Bo didn't like everybody. Maybe he could read John's mind.
Laura was dressed beautifully as usual. Every time he saw her, she seemed more elegant.
"Hi, come on in."
"I'm not sure if I can," she said, looking down at Bo blocking her way, demanding attention.
"Bo, for god's sake, let her in." Bo came over and sat by him, vibrating with excitement.
Laura came in and gave him a big kiss.
"Thank you for the flowers."
They went into the den to talk.
"So, what did you do today?" John asked.
"Mostly I made phone calls. I had to call my girlfriends to tell them I had met someone. I should have just had a conference call or a Zoom meeting. They all wanted to know the same things. How we met and what you were like. They are dying to meet you. I had to tell every one of them to not come by today."
"What did you tell them about me?"
"Only good things. We need to have a housewarming/meet the boyfriend party, so everyone can see the house and more importantly, meet you. If they don't approve of you, I'm afraid you're out," Laura smiled.
"This is Tuesday. I can't get everything ready by this weekend, so how about a week from Saturday? We'll make it a pool party and start about four o'clock. Some of my friends are a little wild, so it will probably go on until the wee hours. You're going to love the girls. I'm so excited to show you off."
John was beside himself. She called him her boyfriend and told all her friends about him. He couldn't stop smiling.
"Sounds great. What can I do to help?"
"Nothing. Just bring yourself. Who do you want to invite?"
"Most of my friends are back in New York or scattered around the country. I've not been good at keeping in touch. I know some of the neighbors, but I don't think they'd fit in. By the way, are you going to enforce the 'no clothes in pool or hot tub rule'?"
"I don't think so. It might discourage people from coming, especially if they bring dates or husbands. My model friends will get naked anyway, even the ones who bring somebody, but I'm not sure about my college friends. I don't think I'll say anything one way or the other. I bet all the clothes will be gone by evening. But if I get naked, I expect you to get naked too."
"Guys might have a problem, 'staying relaxed', with a bunch of naked models lying around a pool," John said.
"Don't worry, I'll make sure you stay satisfied, so you won't have any problems."
"As long as you keep that problem well in hand," he said.
"What did you do today?" she asked.
"I went for a long run with Bo, and then bought some food. Oh, and I started dinner."
"Is that what smells so good?"
"Yes. I hope you like Italian."
"Love it. How long before dinner?"
"A couple of hours."
"Good, you can give me a tour of the house."
"Well, you've already seen a lot of it. There's not much more upstairs other than a couple of extra bedrooms which are really junk rooms. Downstairs has the fun stuff. This is the den."
She followed him to the other side of the entry. There was an entrance to a grand living room. "This is the living room. Its only purpose is to be cleaned." He opened a couple of doors into a room that had a huge table and chairs and said, "This is the dining room. The architect made me put this in, along with the living room. He said that I could never sell the house if it didn't have one. I've never used it."
"Over here is my office. I use it mostly for home bookkeeping and some investing in the market."
The room had a large desk that had a computer with four monitors arranged in a square.
"This is nice," Laura said. "I don't really have a good room for an office. I don't think I need that much of a computer system."
"I don't either. I just got used to a setup like this at the investment firm."
They went down a long hall. John opened the first door and walked inside.
"Wow." Laura said. "This is quite a workout room."
It was a large room with a full set of weight machines, a treadmill, a bike, a stair climber and a rowing machine, along with a set of free weights. There was a large area in the middle for exercising.
"There's a bathroom and a sauna over there. I don't really need all of this. There's a well-equipped gym in town. But I do use it."
Laura squeezed his bicep and said, "I can tell."
"You know you are more than welcome to use it anytime. You'd make a great workout buddy."
They walked back into the hall and went to the next door and went inside. There was a space at least as big as the workout room that was mostly empty.
"This is my photography studio. I keep all my equipment in here. I had plans to shoot more studio style portraits, but it never happened."
It was setup to have one wall that had background paper on it with plenty of room in front of it. The rest was filled with equipment, like cameras and lights. There was a large area with all kinds of props, including big items like couches and tables and smaller props for models to hold in their hands. There was even a changing area and a makeup table. One wall had a desk and computer with shelves above it for his portfolios and books about photography. Large prints were on the walls, mostly landscapes.
"Wow. This is a nicer studio than most professionals have. You said that you had some portfolios I could see."
"Sure. I picked some out for you. Let's take them to the den, where it's more comfortable."
John excused himself to go feed Bo, and to tend to dinner. Laura sat down and started through his portfolios. The first one was "Landscapes." As she looked through the photos, she was impressed by their quality as well as the diversity of the locations. In some, she recognized the location, like Paris or London, but since most were landscapes like mountains, deserts, forest, waterfalls, etc. she asked him often where they were taken. She was surprised by all the places he'd traveled.
The next one she picked up, was "Dogs" and she absolutely adored it. Of course, there were quite a few pictures of Bo, but most of the others were of shelter dogs. There were also shots of dogs involved in dog sports.
The next one was "Headshots." Surprisingly, she recognized several people from the neighborhood. Women, men, couples and even some of their adult children. They were especially beautiful because of the way they captured the spirit of the people in them. On the back of some, were notes about the subjects. One, in particular, was of an older man and woman, dressed to the nines. They were obviously in love. On the back was a note that said, "Paul and Linda Swanson on their 50th Wedding Anniversary. Paul died 14 days after this picture was taken."
Laura started crying. John had gone to the kitchen to check on dinner. When he came back and saw her crying, he ran to her, asking what was wrong. Laura was crying so hard that she was having a difficult time speaking. John just held her as she cried with her head pressed against his chest. He had no idea why she was crying, but she needed his support. She recovered some, and John asked her what was wrong.
She showed him the picture she had been looking at and said, "I wish I had a picture of Bernard and I like that. They were so in love," and started crying again.
John said, "I'm so sorry" and just held her. It was all he could do.
After a while Laura got up, went to the bathroom to get cleaned up. John was in the kitchen. When she came in, John said, "Should we postpone dinner?"
"No. It just that picture is so beautiful and the note on the back was so sad, it just got to me for a minute. I've gone through a lot of emotions in the last few years and more in the last few days, with moving, my friends and with you. I just got overwhelmed. I'm OK now, but it's going to happen again. Just so you'll know what you're getting yourself into."
"I'll do anything for you. Are you ready for dinner or would you like to wait a while."
"Let's wait awhile. I'm going to skip that portfolio for now and look at the glamour shots. They should be interesting."
Laura carefully put the headshots away and picked up "Glamour." They were gorgeous. The subjects varied. Some were of older ladies in formal attire, some were figure studies, and some boudoir type shots. The boudoir shots were interesting. They ranged from pretty tame shots of women fully covered in expensive lingerie, to women in lingerie who wanted to show some skin, to women tastefully dressed in only jewelry. There were even some bridal boudoir shots. He had a good eye.
She walked into the kitchen and said, "Is dinner ready?"
"It will be in 5 minutes. Shoo."
Laura went back to the den. John scurried around setting the table and getting the food out. He'd gone all out. Beautiful tablecloth, real china, real silverware, candles in silver candelabras, crystal wine glasses and flowers on the table. He cooked a lasagna, Italian bread, roasted vegetables, a green salad and a fine red wine. For dessert, he made panna cotta with a chocolate sauce and a nicely paired white wine.
He went into the den and announced, "Dinner is served."
When Laura walked into the dining area, she said, "Oh, John. You're going to spoil me. No man has cooked me a dinner like this - before our first date."
John pulled a chair out for her, and she sat down.
He served her some lasagna and roasted vegetables on her plate and some salad on her salad plate. He filled her glass with wine and told her to help herself to bread.
"Do you set out a spread like this every night?"
"No," he said, slightly embarrassed. "Marge had to find the china and silver. I can't remember the last time I used it. I usually use Corelle and the microwave."
"Well, thank you. It makes me feel special."
They talked over dinner about his portfolios.
"I noticed that the "Glamour" portfolio wasn't full, but it had some beautiful models in it. Should I be jealous?"
"No need for that. I don't even know most of the models. When I first started, I took a few classes in studio photography. Several of the models were hired for that class. The ones in the gowns and suits were neighbors. I joined a photography club for a while, and the club would hire models for us to shoot. A couple shots are of an old friend that came out to visit just before she got married. I took pictures of her to give her husband."
"How come so few?"
"It's not like I'm shooting for a magazine, and they send over models for a job."
"I can hire models. But what's the point. There's no connection. My pictures have to mean something to me or to someone else."
"Did I tell you that I was a model for a while?"
"I think you did mention something about it, but we didn't really talk about it. When were you a model?"
"After my first two years in college, my father died suddenly. Money for college was scarce. I needed to earn extra money and still have time for classes. I saw an ad in the art department for nude models both for drawing classes and photography classes."
"I called and got an interview. I was a bit nervous that it might be a bit sketchy," she giggled, "but the head of the department made me feel completely at ease, and it paid well for a couple of hours at night. I've never been shy about my body, so I accepted. Posing for fine art students was a little weird at first. I just stripped down and stood nude in whatever position the professor put me in for twenty minutes. After a short break, I'd pose in another position for twenty minutes. The nudity didn't bother me, but the standing motionless, did. I didn't realize how physically hard posing was. After the first five minutes, my muscles started to cramp. If I moved, it would be hard for the artist because I'd be in a slightly different position when I reset. But they were understanding, and everyone was very nice and professional. After a couple of weeks, I built some muscle up, but before that I'd be sore all over the next day.
"I liked the modeling for the photography students better. I was encouraged to move, try different poses, and express myself. If the photographer was after something special, he would direct me. Even then, I had the opportunity to try different facial expressions and body moves to see how they worked. Digital cameras give you so much more freedom to experiment. Students would show me their shots and would give me prints of their favorites. Sometimes, I would sit in for teacher critique sessions. The professor would critique the students' work and my posing choices. I learned a lot about posing for the camera and got much better over time."
"Do you still have any of those prints?" John asked hopefully.
"Yes, and a portfolio. Maybe I'll let you see them sometime."
"One student approached me and said that his father was a photographer for a national magazine. When his father, Saul, saw my pictures, he wanted to talk to me."
"I ended up working on a few fashion shoots with him. That really tested my abilities. I learned from the professional models he used and learned to take direction better. Posing with the others made me realize I still had a lot to learn. Several of the models have remained friends. I considered continuing as a pro, but I really couldn't and stay in college. I quit the pro work but, I continued with the art department until I finished grad school."
"Didn't you worry about the photos ending up on the internet?"
"Not really. Like most students, I didn't worry about consequences too much. The student photographers signed an agreement that required my permission for any use of my pictures other than class. But I'm sure some are posted somewhere."
"So, you haven't modeled since college?"
"It wasn't that long ago! But, no. I got a job and then got married. I miss it a little. It was fun and a little sexy."
John went to the kitchen to get dessert and wine.
Laura asked, "Would you like to take pictures of me?" She smiled at him seductively.
"I'd love to. How about tomorrow afternoon?"
"That would be perfect. That will be a good reason to unpack more of my clothes," she said.
"I bet you have some good-looking clothes. We can have you posing in lots of outfits."
"Or none at all," she said.
After dinner, they went to the den to relax.
"John, you have to stop feeding me like this. I'm a model you know. I'll get fat."
"I guess we'll have to figure out an activity to burn those extra calories." He leaned over and kissed her.
"I can guess the activity you have in mind," she said, and scooted next to him. "Let go get in the hot tub. Then you can help me pick outfits for the photo shoot."
"Sounds like a plan."
After John cleared the dishes and put up the leftovers, they headed to the door. John saw Bo looking sad and said, "Can Bo come too?" John said as he looked at her with puppy dog eyes.
"Sure, he can come. I guess you two are a package. I don't want to steal away his man."
"We haven't spent a night apart since I got him."
"I hope you're that loyal to me."
John grabbed a bed for Bo, and he leapt up. They all headed over to Laura's and went straight to the bedroom. Bo followed John around, not sure about where his place was. John put his found a good spot for his bed, and he snuggled down in it. John and Laura took off their clothes, grabbed towels and headed out to the hot tub. Bo followed them down the spiral stairs.
As soon as they slipped into water, Bo headed off to explore this new terrain, while John and Laura relaxed in the bubbles.
"I'd like to take night shots of the backyard. It's so beautiful with all the lights."
"That would be great. I'd like you to take pictures of the whole house while it's still new. Why don't you take them right before the party when the house is decorated."
"Good idea." He put his arm around her. "I'm not sure, I could be any happier."
After relaxing in the hot tub, they jumped into the pool to cool off then took a quick shower. It was still early, so they went back upstairs to look at outfits for Laura's photo shoot. They went into her closet and John saw that she'd had already unpacked most of her clothes.
"What kind of outfit should we start with."
"Speaking as a man, I think we should start just as you are, in all your naked glory. But as a photographer, I think we should start with something that you'd wear to a formal event. Maybe something flowy."
Laura thought for a second then picked out a long white dress. Made from a lightweight material, it had a flowy skirt that was slit-up the side to her hip. It had a plunging v-neckline and was open in the back.
"Would you like me to try it on?"
"Yes, that's beautiful."
Laura was teasing him now. She could have just slipped the dress on, but she decided to get completely dressed. Pulling out a pair of stockings, she slowly rolled them up her naked legs. A pair of beautiful white, lacy panties went on next. Glancing over at John, she saw him unsuccessfully trying to hide his erection.
"Do you think I'll need a garter belt?" she asked.
John, trying to act professional but failing, said, "Let's try it and see how it looks."
Laura went over to a bottom drawer and bent over with her legs straight and looked for a garter belt. Finding one, she slipped it over her panties and attached it to her stockings.
"You like?"
"Let's see how it looks with the dress."
She took the dress off the hanger and stepped into it and pulled it up her body. There was a small tie that she needed John's help with. He walked to her, his cock bouncing in front of him, and tied the dress.
Laura put a simple gold chain around her neck, looked at herself in her triple standing mirror, then turned around. Striking a pose that showed her leg and garter, she said, "What do you think?"
"You look...I'm not sure if there is a word to describe how good you look."
"Do you think the garter is OK?"
"It's great. Do you know how much your nipples show through that fabric?"
"Yes. It's one of the things I really like about it. I can cover them if you like."
"No, no. They're perfect," he said.
"OK. One outfit down. What should I try next? Maybe an outfit for clubbing?"
First, she had to remove the dress she was in. John stood behind her, untied the back and kissed her on the neck.
"Now now, John. There's plenty of time for that later," she scolded playfully.
She stripped completely, put on a pair of black panties and pulled another dress off a hanger. This one was a little-black-dress made from a stretchy material, with a V-neck and spaghetti straps. It hugged every curve of her body. She pulled it over her head and shimmied into it. It was stretched so tightly that it hid nothing. The bottom of the dress was just inches below her pussy. She looked at it in the mirror and pulled and tugged on it.
"I haven't worn this since college. I can't remember what I wore under it. These panties won't do, they show a panty line. I guess I can wear a thong."
She reached down into another drawer, again bending only at the waist. This time the dress rode up, and her panties were on full display. She pulled out a black thong, pulled the dress up, replaced the panties with the thong and rearranged the dress.
"Better?"
"If I say no, will you bend over like that again?"
She bent over and looked back at him.
"I like that better than the panties," he said.
"OK. How about a negligée now?"
"Great, but I think I'll wait out in the bedroom for you to change before I completely lose control of myself."
John went into the bedroom and sat on the bed. Minutes later, Laura followed him, dressed only in an impossibly flimsy white cover-up. She pushed John on to his back and straddled his cock, covering it with her wetness. She bent over and kissed him and then whispered in his ear, "Did watching me change, turn you on?"
John grabbed her and flipped her over. He touched his cock against her entrance and hissed "yes" and he entered her with one powerful thrust. She groaned as his body pressed against her clit. Thrusting into her, he felt like he couldn't get enough of her. He plunged into her harder and harder, he knew he wouldn't last long, but he didn't care. His hunger and thirst were in control of him. His lust was overwhelming. He needed her, and he intended to take her and make her his.
Laura loved the feeling of him being so forceful as he used her. She could feel the unbridled lust in him as he pounded into her. His need was unmistakable. She pushed her hips hard against his with every thrust. It wasn't about her need right now; it was about him. She had teased him into this fevered state. Her moans were becoming screams now. She was approaching a climax too. Surrendering herself to his lust, was fueling her own desire. This was not making love. This was fucking. He was fucking her, and she wanted to be fucked. He was grunted each time his cock filled her. Her screams became continuous as his grunting grew in intensity. She could feel his cock twitch as he emptied into her.
But he didn't slow down. He kept thrusting as if he couldn't get enough. Her back arched and her toes curled, as a wave of pleasure crashed over her. The pleasure of her orgasm, mixed with the pleasure of being taken by him and the pure joy of a good hard fucking. Emotions that had been long buried inside were released. She couldn't think straight, or she was thinking clearly, or she wasn't thinking at all. Her emotions were in control.
She threw her arms around him and squeezed him tight to her chest as she rode out her pleasure. He was no longer thrusting into to her, but pleasure continued rippling through her. He tried to roll off of her, but she wouldn't let him. She just held him against her until she could think straight. She slowly released him and started crying.
"What's wrong?" he asked, confused.
"Nothing John. Everything is perfect." She snuggled against his strong arm.
They got under the sheets and slept until morning.
John woke up with Bo staring at him. Laura was still asleep, and he didn't want to wake her. He slipped on his clothes and went back to his house to get Bo breakfast.
Around nine o'clock, Laura called to see where he'd gone.
"Are we still on for the photo shoot this afternoon?" Laura asked.
"Sure, how's noon?"
"Great. I'll see you then. I'm going to bring some more outfits. It will be faster if I pick them by myself."
"But not as much fun."
"I think we'll have plenty of fun this afternoon," she said.
John took Bo out for a run. He thought about what he needed to do before the shoot. It had been a while since he'd worked in the studio, and he didn't want to forget anything. He wanted to look like a professional, and it was going to be hard to think once Laura was in front of the camera. He needed to get the lights out, format his memory cards, charge batteries for his cameras and setup up the background for his first shots. An image was forming in his mind, of how he wanted for her to pose and the lighting.
Just before noon, Laura called and asked John to help her with her clothes. He went over to her house and saw her dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. She had rolled her hair to add some curl and body. John imagined how it would look, flowing over her shoulders. She had done a fantastic job with her makeup. He saw a garment bag and a suitcase full of outfits, along with a makeup case.
"Wow. It's going to be quite an afternoon with all these outfits."
"I couldn't decide without your help, so I brought more than I'll need." She smiled.
John lugged everything over and hung the garment bag on a clothes rack in the studio. He put the makeup case on the table and the suitcase in the dressing room.
"What outfit do you want to start with," John asked.
"Let's start with the white outfit I tried on last night."
"Perfect. While you change, I'll replace the background."
"Don't you want to watch me change?"
"Not if we want to get any pictures taken."
Laura pulled the dress off the rack and went into the changing room. John got the area ready by putting a roll of chestnut seamless paper on the wall. Off to the side was an ornate straight-backed chair with arms and a small couch for the next shots. First, he wanted to get some full-length shots along with some head and shoulder shots. His camera was set up so that as the pictures were taken, they were displayed on a forty-inch TV.
When Laura came out dressed in the white outfit from last night, John's jaw dropped. She looked magnificent, even better than she did last night. In addition to her hair being styled, her fingers and toenails painted, and her makeup applied, she was wearing a stunning diamond and gold necklace with matching earrings that dangled from her ears.
"Let's start with some full-length shots. Can I get you to stand right here?"
"I'm going to take a couple of test shots," he said.
He took a couple of shots, inspected them on the computer and made a couple of changes to the lights and started shooting. He took her through some standard poses giving her instructions of how he wanted her to move. He shot her standing and sitting. The beauty of digital cameras is that you can shoot as much as you want and see the results instantly. The pictures were nice, but there was something lacking. Laura looked stiff, and John was having a tough time figuring out how to fix it.
"Laura, you seem stiff, and it's coming through in the pictures," John said.
"I really want to be a good model for you, but I'm feeling stiff. I can't seem to get into modeling mode."
"I'm going to get some wine," John said.
He came back in a couple of minutes with wine and poured them each a glass.
"I shouldn't have said that you looked stiff. That's not the problem. I have images in my mind that I can't capture. I want to show off my skills to you but I'm not doing a very good job.
"If you were just any model, I might do better. I wouldn't care what you thought of my work. You probably wouldn't even see it. But you're not just anyone. I care very much about what you'll think of the pictures I take of you. I want to impress you. I don't want to just take your picture; I want to take pictures of you that are special. Ones that show what I see when I look at you. This is so set up and unnatural."
Laura said, "I know what you're saying. I'm trying to impress you too. I want to be sexy for you and a perfect model. I feel like a teenage girl that wants to get the good-looking jock to notice me. I always care what people think of me but not in this love-struck childish way. Hell, one of the reasons I haven't wanted to run with you is that I'm afraid I'll trip on my shoelaces in front of you. I'm not good at running." John laughed and spat out a little wine which made Laura laugh.
"Let's get out of this studio and go into town."
"Why?"
"To have some fun. Do you have a camera?"
"No. I've never had one."
"Great," John said, and walked over to a cabinet and pulled out two identical small cameras and handed one to Laura.
"This the first of many presents from me to you."
"I don't know anything about cameras."
"You don't need to. It's all set up. You just look through here and push the button."
"Why do I need a camera?"
"To take pictures of me. You do want pictures of me, don't you?"
"Of course."
"Do you have any comfortable shoes for walking. Like running or hiking shoes?"
"Not really."
"Great, that will be our first stop. I'm buying you comfortable shoes."
"But John..."
"You can't have fun without comfortable shoes. Get out of that dress and put on what you came over in. And take off your makeup."
"John..."
"You're not very good at taking directions, are you? Hurry."
She put her hands on her hips and glared at him. He pulled up his camera and took a picture.
"That's the best picture I've got of you so far." John said and laughed. Laura laughed too and went off to change her clothes in the changing room.
A second after going in, she popped back out and said, "John?" As he turned around, she took his picture, and stuck her tongue out at him and popped back in to change.
Laura came out and said, "Let's go."
They walked out to the garage for the short trip into town. Laura had only lived here a few days and hadn't seen the area surrounding the neighborhood. Laura was surprised when she saw John's car. It was a little bright red, two-seat, convertible sports car with the top down. Somehow it didn't fit the image she had in her head of John. He opened her door, and she got in. John got in on the other side, opened the garage, and they headed out.
Laura instantly loved the car. It was low to the ground and the wind was blowing all around her head. It felt open and free; sexy and fun. She took out her camera and started taking pictures of John driving with his hair blowing around. When they got to a road with a higher speed limit, her hair really began flying in the wind. John saw her trying to control it and reached over to the glove box and pulled out a scarf. She pulled a hairband out of her pocket, tied her hair back and put on the scarf. Decked out like that, she felt like she was in an old Italian movie.
They came to a stop light and John took a picture of her. He pulled out a pair of sunglasses for her to wear and took another picture. She knew that she must have looked awful, but it was somehow OK. It was a blast posing in all sorts of goofy ways like she was a movie star in the sixties. Letting herself go, she was playing to the camera for John. It wasn't long until they pulled into a parking spot. John got out and ran around the car and opened the door. She took his picture as he bowed and extended his arm as a gesture for her to get out.
They were in front of a running shoe store. John insisted that she stand in front of the store sign for pictures. They went inside, and John was greeted by a cute, little, blonde store clerk. She was maybe 20 years old. Laura took a picture of him talking to her. Laura could see that she had a crush on John. Why wouldn't she? He was tall, good-looking, in great shape and drove a cute red sports car. John had no idea how sexy he was.
"What can I get for you, John?" she asked.
"Oh, nothing for me. I need shoes for my friend here." He paused. "Don't you recognize her? That's just as well. What name are you using this time, dear?" He looked at Laura.
"Cynthia Wells," she replied.
"Cynthia, this is Joanne. Anyway, Cynthia needs some good shoes to walk and run in. She left hers in New York."
"Please have a seat. What size do you wear?"
"6a," she replied.
Joanne brought several boxes and sat on a shoe fitting stool in front of her. Laura, or Cynthia, put her foot on the incline and Joanne put on the first pair. John shot pictures from all angles. When she got up to walk around in them, she swayed her hips and struck fashionable poses for John. Joanne was confused but went with it.
"These are nice and comfortable, but they're so...blue. Do you have anything in pink? I wear a lot of pink."
"Let me see what I can find."
She brought out a new pair in pink. She put them on Laura, and she again sashayed about the store with John taking pictures.
"Your fans are going to love these when we get them online," John said. "Cynthia, put your arm around Joanne and let me take a picture."
Laura put her arm around her, and John took the picture. She gave Joanne a kiss on the cheek and John took another.
"Do you like those shoes?" John asked.
"Yes. They're very comfortable. I think I'll just wear them out."
"Great." John said and pulled out his credit card.
"Oh, I'll pay for those, John."
"You can't. You don't have a card with 'Cynthia Wells' on it." John smiled.
Joanne put her other shoes in a box. They thanked her profusely and headed towards the door.
Joanne said, "Weren't you in that movie..."
John put his finger up to his lips and said, "Let's keep that secret."
John said to Laura as they walked out the door, "I'm going to take you to my favorite little diner, 'Murray's Grill.' You're going to love it." He said it loud enough for Joanne to hear.
When they got to the car, they started laughing and couldn't stop.
"Cynthia Wells?" he said.
"She's one of my friends from school. You'll meet her at the party. I hope she doesn't want to buy any shoes."
"We're going to Murray's next. What do you want to bet that they know you're a celebrity by the time we get there?" John said.
"John, you're so bad and fun." She leaned over and kissed him. "By the way, Joanne has a crush on you."
As soon as they walked in the diner, Murray himself greeted them and said, "Hi John. This must be Miss Wells."
"I must be, but please call me Cynthia." Laura said.
He showed them to a booth and said, "What can I get for you two?"
John said to Laura, "How about some greasy burgers and fries. And iced tea to drink." Laura nodded.
Murray left with their order, and Laura said, "What do I owe you for being right?"
"I'll think of something." John raised his camera and took her picture.
A waiter came by with their iced tea. John felt a foot rubbing the inside of his thigh. He was getting hard. A few seconds later, he saw a flash go off underneath the table. Laura looked at the back of her camera and raised her eyebrows, and they both started laughing.
"I wish you were in a skirt."
"Next time."
Yet a third waiter brought them their food. John said, "They're trying to figure out who you are."
The burgers were indeed greasy and they both got pictures with burger running down their chins. When they went to the counter to pay, Murray asked them for a picture and of course, they posed for him.
They decided to go to a little ice cream shop for dessert. John got chocolate and Laura got vanilla with cherries mixed in. Laura ordered it in a cup, but John would not hear of it. A cup was neat, but a messy, melty cone was fun.
They strolled along the street, licking their ice cream cones and hands. The town had recently renovated Main Street to boost the local economy and encourage tourism. The work was done well, and it looked like a quaint old town now. As they walked, John pointed out the hot spots. They looked in the windows of little antique shops and clothes stores and he showed Laura the grocery store and the fruit and vegetable stand. As they passed by restaurants, John offered her his choices for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They stopped by the local bar, drank a beer, and threw some darts. He showed her the gym, but suggested she use his. The staff was much nicer and always available if she needed a helping hand.
What interested Laura was that every person they passed, greeted him by name. Store owners would come out to greet him. A police car drove by, and the cop slowed down and waved to him. From talking to John, she thought he was a bit of a loner. But that obviously wasn't true. He seemed to be friends with everyone.
"How do you know all these people?" she asked.
"I don't know, I come into town once in a while."
After a couple of hours, they made it back to the car.
John said, "Are you OK walking a little more in your new shoes?"
"My shoes are great. Why?"
"We're going out of town. Up to a hiking trail near here."
Once they hit the main highway, the little car picked up some speed.
John said, "Rolling up the windows will be easier on your hair."
"But not as much fun," she replied. That made John happy.
After about 10 minutes, John pulled off onto a much smaller highway. It was very curvy with only sporadic traffic. John pushed his little sports car fast up the winding road. It was exhilarating. She took his picture, and he was smiling ear to ear.
He pulled off the highway onto a dirt road and continued up the hillside. He made one more turn off that road and on to a grass-covered trail that showed little use. He continued for a couple of hundred yards, then stopped. It looked to Laura like they were in the middle of nowhere. Laura saw no sign of civilization, nor could she hear anything but the wind and birds. John opened the trunk and grabbed a backpack.
"It's beautiful here. Where are we?" she asked.
"I don't really know. I mean, we're not lost, but I don't know why this place is here or why no people come here. Come on. I'll show you."
He jumped out of the car without bothering to use the door and ran over to open hers. He was as excited as a little boy on Christmas, and his excitement was contagious.
"Come on." He said as he pulled her along. They walked for a while, and he pointed out an old, worn, concrete picnic table. The area was overgrown with weeds.
"See. This must have been a park or something a long time ago. I don't know why it's no longer in use. I've never seen anyone here, and it's the most beautiful place for a hundred miles. Come on, there's more."
They went into the woods on a little overgrown trail that she could barely see. The woods were dense and hard to navigate, but John knew where he was going. Laura heard running water in the distance and John headed towards it.
"Slow down, John."
"Sorry, I'm just so happy to show this to you."
They rounded a little bend and entered a clearing. Laura saw it. There was a small pool about ten yards across, fed by a little stream. The water was crystal clear and the stream that fed it made a delightful sound as the water fell into it.
Laura went to the edge and touched the water with her hand. John took her picture.
"The water's warm. Do you know how deep it is?"
"In some places it's about six feet deep, but most of it is shallower."
"If we had some towels, we could go swimming."
John pulled two towels and a blanket out of the backpack.
"You thought of everything."
Laura started pulling off her clothes as John took pictures of her.
"Hey, no fair. I can't take pictures once I'm in. It will ruin the camera."
John pulled another camera out of the backpack and held it up. "I have an waterproof camera."
Laura slipped into the water and said, "Bring that camera here and strip for me. I want to get a picture of your cute little ass."
He took the camera and then slowly took off his clothes. Laura took pictures of him as he played it up for the camera, and then slipped in next to her. John got the camera from her and ducked under the water to shoot her naked body.
"You can shoot underwater?"
She grabbed the camera away and ducked underwater to shoot a closeup of him. When she broke through the surface of the water, the curl was gone from her hair. The water flowed from her hair onto her shoulders and breasts. They started wrestling for the camera and dropped it and started kissing instead.
"Remind me to get that camera later," John said, as Laura started rubbing his cock.
Right next to the bank there was a small ledge where they could relax and snuggle. Even though the water was warm, after a while, they got chilled and got out. They got on the blanket to warm up in the sun. Laura lay down on her back and John sat cross-legged, looking at her.
As she warmed up in the sun, Laura's hand moved up to her breast. She pinched and pulled her nipple. John reached for her other breast, but she grabbed his hand. She looked at John and said, "John, have you ever seen a woman get herself off?" She continued to play with her nipple.
"No."
"Would you like to?"
"I think you know the answer to that."
Laura slid her other hand between her legs. "I've never done this in front of anyone."
"Have you shown anyone what you do, alone?" Her finger ran up and down her slit.
John shook his head "no" and started rubbing the head of his shaft as Laura watched. She moved around so that he could get an unobstructed view of what she was doing, and she could see him well. She spread her legs wide. John saw her index finger disappear into her opening. She pulled it back out and rubbed her wetness in circles around her clit.
"I usually have to use my imagination when I do this. I imagine a strong, handsome man that wants to fuck me. Lately, I've imagined you. It's nice to keep my eyes open and see a strong, handsome, well-hung man right in front of me stroking his cock. I've never seen a man jerk himself off."
She reached up and pulled on her hard nipple. She was breathing hard, and her hips were rolling rhythmically as she played with her clit. Looking at John's face, she knew she was playing with his mind too.
"Does this look hot John? Do you like seeing me play with my body?"
John was staring at her as he slowly stoked his cock. He was mesmerized by what she was doing. His hand was moving very slowly. He didn't want to come too quickly.
Laura slipped two fingers into her opening and spread her lubrication up and down her slit. Her two fingers disappeared into her and her thumb rubbed her clit. She was breathing more quickly now. She took her eyes off John's cock for a moment and looked at his eyes. He was in a trance, staring at her. His only movement was his hand slowly moving up and down.
"Do you like watching me finger-fuck myself? I like seeing your hand on your cock. Does it feel like you're fucking me? It doesn't look like you're going to last much longer. I'm almost there, too. Do you want to see me come while I watch you stroke yourself?"
John nodded and began to speed up. "I want to see you come," he said, his voice shaking.
Laura started moaning as she shoved her fingers in and out and rubbed her clit faster. "Oh, John, this feels so good. I'm thinking about your tongue on my clit, moving faster and faster." John could see her toes curl and her hips lift off the ground. "Now John. I'm coming," she screamed. John looked at her face in ecstasy and came too. His first spurt of cum landed on Laura, but most was on the ground and his legs. John fell on his back. Laura crawled over and sucked his cock to get the last drop.
"That was wonderful. It was so exciting to have you watch me and I never knew how exciting it would be to watch you. But it was not nearly as good as having you inside me."
It was getting close to sunset. They slipped back into the pond to clean themselves off. John retrieved the camera. They dressed for the short walk back. The hike back was harder since it was now darker under the trees. As they passed the old picnic table in the fading light, John had Laura pose on it, in her t-shirt, jeans and pink running shoes.
By the time they got back on the road, they needed the headlights. It took less than an hour to get home. In the garage, Laura leaned over and kissed him.
"Thank you. Today was the best day I've had in a very long time," she said. "I'll never forget it."
"I loved it too," John said. "We didn't go anywhere I haven't gone before, but it all seemed new to me because I was with you."
Arm in arm, they walked into the house, Bo jumped on them. "I'm sorry I'm late Bo. Let me get you some food. Bo bounced beside John while he gathered his food dish and filled it. He opened the back door and left it open so Bo could go out after dinner.
"Are you hungry, Laura?" John asked. "There should be plenty of food in the fridge."
"Not right now."
"In that case, how long would it take to make your hair look good enough for a picture in the studio? It doesn't need to be done up like earlier, although that looked really nice. I want you to look like you do every day, happy, and natural - pretty without much makeup."
"I think I know what you want. I'll be back in thirty minutes," she said and slipped out the door.
John spent a few minutes playing with Bo in the backyard lights. "I'm sorry big guy, but you're going to have to share me with Laura, I hope for a long time. You're going to love her. I know, I do."
He went in the studio and loaded the pictures they'd taken today onto a laptop. As much as possible, he didn't look at them. He wanted to wait until he could look at them with Laura. She gave them meaning.
He set the studio up the way he wanted with the sofa and the chestnut color paper. He jumped when he heard a voice. Laura was back.
"Sorry to scare you."
"No, you didn't. I was just lost in thought."
"So, what outfit should I wear." She was still in her t-shirt, jeans, and pink shoes.
John paused then said, "The one you have on. I want to remember your pink shoes."
"This? OK," she said skeptically.
"Go relax on the sofa," he said. Once she was there, he continued, "Lean back in the corner on the right side with your legs stretched out. Put one arm along the back and the other on the arm of the couch. Great. Now, scoot your butt farther back on the couch and rotate your hips towards me. Cross your legs at your ankles." He stared for a second and said, "God you're pretty."
He picked up his camera and took a quick shot so he could check her position and said, "Think of one thing today that really surprised you and look straight at the lens."
"There's so many..."
"Think, don't talk."
When she thought back on the day, she felt a deep sense of relaxation and peace. The tension drained out of her, and the most beautiful smile appeared on her face.
John took several shots and continued to talk. "Let me guess what you are thinking about. Was it when I asked what name you were using?" Laura's eyes lit up and she started laughing a little. "Soften your hands a little and bend your back leg a bit more. Or was it when you decided that only pink shoes would do for you?" She was having a difficult time not laughing. John just kept taking pictures. "Chin up a little. Or how about when Murray called you Miss Wells, and you asked him to call you Cynthia?" He got a few shots before she dissolved into laughter.
"Sorry, John. Thinking back, everything was surprising and funny."
"OK. You can change now."
"What should I wear?"
"Nothing," he said.
She raised her eyebrows, gave John a little smile and walked off to the changing area. She returned, naked, and was surprised to find that John had put a large pink feather boa on the couch.
"Get back in the same position and drape the boa around your neck, over your breasts and between your legs."
When the boa touched her hard nipples, she jumped and said, "That tickles." She continued wrapping the boa between her legs.
"OK, play with the boa. Move it around, hiding and exposing parts of your body. Hide parts from me then show them to me. Tease me."
This was turning Laura on. He was the one in charge, telling her to entertain him. She gave him her best sexy looks. The boa tickled every part of her as she teased him.
John just let her vamp as he took picture after picture. Her inner model was coming out and she was damn sexy.
To get the expression he wanted back on her face, he asked, "Since I didn't guess what the thing that surprised you most was, tell me."
She pulled the two ends of the boa apart exposing her breasts and said, "Your car, I would never have guessed that you would have that car." He laughed.
"OK. Let's lose the boa but stay in the same position." He went over to her to help her with the boa but she wouldn't let it go between her legs. She kept her thighs squeezed together as he pulled in through her legs and over her pussy. With it out of her grasps, he picked bits of feathers off from her body.
"Thank you, sir."
"My pleasure."
He went back to the camera and told her roll her back leg over her front and to rotate her hip towards the back of the couch. She asked him to show her. When he went back and positioned her hips, he felt a hand on the inside of his thigh.
"No, this is work time. Just a few more shots." She stuck her bottom lip out and pouted.
He went back to the camera and said, "Think about the first thing today that felt naughty," and he started taking pictures.
"Relax your legs just a little while I try to figure out what you're thinking about. Was it the ride in the car with the wind blowing her hair around? Move your chest a little more towards the camera and pinch your nipples to get them nice and hard." She moaned when she pinched her nipples. "It must have been something good from the expression on your face. Was it taking my picture under the table at Murray's?" Continuing to shoot, "Was it the cold, sticky ice cream dripping all over your fingers? Tilt your head to the right. Maybe it was the moment you saw the little pond in the woods? Or when I took the underwater picture of you in the pond."
He walked over to her and sat on the edge of the couch. He bent down and kissed her. I think we're done for tonight. These pictures came out well. "What was the first thing today that made you feel naughty."
"You, opening the car door for me at the shoe store. I hope you have some energy left because this really turned me on."
"That's why I work out. I loaded all the pictures we took today on a laptop. Do you want to take them upstairs to the bedroom?" John asked.
"OK, but I don't think we'll get through all of them tonight."
Laura said, "John, do you treat all your models this way?"
"Just Mrs. Humbert across the street. She looks good for sixty-five."
She slapped his leg and said, "Let's go upstairs, so you can show me what you do with Mrs. Humbert."
Author's postscript: Thanks for reading my story. I plan to continue adding more stories to the "New Neighbors" series. Please vote below. You don't have to be a member to vote.