Sarah sat up straight in her fully adjustable ergonomic desk chair. She breathed deeply and tried to focus her scattered mind. Her body was fully supported in moulded plastic and foam and she should have felt comfortable....but no amount of physical comfort could distract her from the fact that she was unhappy. She had long ago decided that her job as an office temp was entirely unbearable yet she continued to don her white blouse and tight grey skirt every day. She was a university student and her apartment, which she shared with her boyfriend Devin, was expensive, relatively speaking. Devin's job as a bicycle courier didn't pay much so she had no choice for the time being.
Sarah closed her eyes and tried to imagine that she was somewhere else.....a faraway place like Italy....or maybe a beach nearby with Devin. She could lay on the sand and read while he surfed. She allowed herself to drift away, caught up in her fantasy. She could almost feel the hot sun on her skin. She could almost see the bright blue sky, spattered with thin wispy clouds..the kind that take the edge off of a hot day but don't block out the sun....a very light occasional breeze....a drink in her hand... Devin now beside her on a soft warm towel...It made her feel calm and overcome by a rush of happiness.
Just then her boss burst into her thin walled office without knocking. Maybe the word "office" was a bit of a stretch since it was technically a large boardroom of some kind that nobody used. The room looked as though it knew if was forgotten and unimportant. An ancient coffee maker in the corner of the room, an inch of dust on everything, old paintings on the wall that were askew. Being in this room, completing these menial office tasks made her feel forgotten as well. Sarah opened her eyes and tried desperately to look busy. Her boss, Ben, was good-looking and confident. A combination that always made Sarah feel nervous and self-conscious. Plus, he had walked in while her eyes were closed, which didn't look great as she was supposed to be organizing the Jensen file by date and search for a particular document that mentioned a merger of some kind. Ben always had an expectant look on his face. Sarah stood up awkwardly and approached him in an attempt to fake some enthusiasm and engagement in her work.
"Sarah, I'm wondering if you might help me out with a new account?"
He looked her up and down as his smooth voice rolled over her and his eyes pierced through her. His glance paused at her breasts and she couldn't help mirroring his glance. Looking down at her own low cut tight white blouse....and feeling even more self conscious as she realized how transparent it was and that she had, dressing in a rush this morning, paired it with a black bra. It wasn't the first time someone had looked at her breasts....nor was it the first time that Ben had. There was even one time at the Christmas party when Devin had commented on the way he looked at her. There was something about the whole thing that made her want to give him anything he wanted. It made her feel out of control. But at the same time, she wanted to hide under the desk as it was hard to handle his intense gaze. He was so sexy that Sarah felt guilty even thinking these thoughts. She felt her face flush red.
"Ummm.....yes...I....yes I could probably...yes." She managed to mumble.
"K, great then." He said briskly, glancing down the hall. "Well, I've just got to get to a meeting so see you in a bit" And he was gone as fast as he had appeared.
It was then that she noticed how exciting it had been to see him, even for a few minutes. It filled her with a sense of euphoria. She couldn't help but let her mind wander to thoughts of what naughty things she wanted him to do to her. If he could make her feel that way just by looking at her, she couldn't even imagine what if would feel like to feel his strong hands on her body. His mouth pressed against her own....
Sarah's eyes started to close again as she was swept away by her fantasy....she slowly slid her hand down the front of her skirt....inching up her legs to her panties. She brushed lightly against her pussy though the fabric and felt an intense desire. Sliding her panties to the side, she started to rub herself back and forth, thinking about Ben and his sexy body, the way he looked at her, what it would feel like to feel his touch. As she made circles while touching herself, she couldn't believe how wet she was nor that she was doing this at work. Even though her "office" was out of the way, the door wasn't locked and Ben had just burst in not fifteen minutes ago. What if he came back to ask her something? The thought of this excited her even more and she slid her fingers inside, moaning and throwing her head back. Her breathing was fast and erratic. This felt so good, she just couldn't stop. Sliding her fingers in and out and making circles around her clit....picturing Ben catching her.....she could feel the intensity building and building....until she suddenly came and let out an audible gasp at how amazing it felt.
* * * * * * *
As soon as she pulled into the parking lot, she knew that Devin would be home. It was late and he wasn't supposed to be home until Friday but she could feel it. He had been away for 2 weeks on a surfing trip with his buddies and she could not wait to see him. Her sexy fantasy about Ben earlier had really got her going and she was so full of intense desire, she though she might explode. She ran up the steps to their apartment two at a time and bounded gracefully down the hallway until their she reached the door. She could already smell that he was cooking dinner and she was overcome by a million different feelings: lust, affection, appreciation....love. She was so in love with Devin. She opened the door as quiet as she could and tiptoed in. Glancing around the corner, she spotted him at the sink washing dishes. He was such a beautiful man. She was so attracted to everything about him. Just thinking about his dark hair and strong muscular arms made her instantly wet. Sarah snuck up behind him and wrapped her arms around his torso.
"Hi babe" he said softly as he turned around towards her and reached for a towel to dry his hands while simultaneously flashing her a sexy but very genuine smile. He had missed her. She could tell.
Their lips met frantically and they kissed passionately. Sarah loved kissing Devin because, even though they had not seen each other in 2 weeks, it always felt intense like this. Every time. They had this connection that transcended anything else that was going on around them and Sarah had never felt this way before. While they kissed, Sarah's hands groped down until she felt Devin's rock hard cock. She couldn't believe how big and hard he felt. She began stroking him through his board shorts, which he was still wearing. He had probably been out on the water this morning. He moaned audibly and his cock felt even harder. She buried her head in his neck and inhaled. He smelled like the beach and it was an immense turn on. It was like a mix of sunscreen, sand, sun and salt. His skin looked tanned and still felt warm.
When he kissed her, she could feel how much he wanted her. The way he would come in forcefully but then pull back and tease her. It was like a sexy dance of some kind and it drover her wild. She could feel his hands all over her, making his way to her breasts and to the front of her tight white button up shirt. The top few buttons were undone and he felt purposefully down and ripped open the remaining buttons, exposing her black bra. After a few more minutes of kissing, she let her shirt drop to the ground and started to let her mouth wander around, exploring Devin's amazing body. She kissed his neck and then her kisses moved slowly down his chest. As she approached his stomach, she lifted his shirt a little and kissed and licked all around the top of his board shorts. She was fully on her knees before him now, pulling his shorts down hungrily ( Side note: I needed to use that adverb at least once in an erotic story)
His big stiff cock sprang up in front of her and she reached forward and let her tongue dance lightly around the head, letting her spit run all over him. She opened her mouth and slid his whole cock in slowly. She felt him right at the back of her throat and held it there for a minute before starting to bob her head up and down smoothly. She could feel his eyes on her.
"Oh my god, that feels so fucking good."
Sarah looked up at him and they locked eyes while his cock throbbed in her mouth and slid further inside her mouth. She reached her fingers down and immediately felt how wet her pussy had become, even through her black thong panties. She started rubbing lightly, sliding her fingers around and letting him watch. She was so excited that she just couldn't wait much longer.
" I want to feel your big hard cock inside me. Please. I want it so badly."
Devin reached down and pulled her up towards him. He kissed her slowly and more deliberately this time, then he pulled her back to look deeply in her eyes.
"Fuck I missed you."
Sarah smiled and felt a rush of sheer happiness.
"And now I'm going to have my way with you."
He turned her around abruptly and pushed her down so that she was leaning on the counter. Now it was his turn to kneel down and taste her. Sarah could feel his mouth all over her and it felt amazing. She was sure that she was probably moaning his name too loudly but she just couldn't stop. He swirled his tongue around her clit over and over until she almost couldn't stand it any longer, she was so overcome with pleasure. She felt dizzy and lightheaded but still wanted more.
"Devin, Devin....it feels so good. Oh my god. I can't...I'm going to cum so hard"
As she came, he stood up and slowly thrust himself inside her from behind. Feeling his hard cock inside her was exactly what she wanted and she began to yell as he started to fuck her against the counter. It was slow at first, rhythmic. She could feel the counter digging into her but it almost turned her on a little. Devin was so excited, he started to go faster which only made her moan more loudly. He leaned forward and spoke into her ear.
"Do you like that? Do you like when I fuck you a little rough?"
"Yes, I fucking love it. Keep fucking me just like that." Sarah replied breathlessly.
She loved the way he could be rough sometimes but also slow and tender and sweet at other times. Sex with Devin was similar to the experience of kissing him. Whatever happened, she could always be assured that it would be intense. He reached forward and grabbed a fistful of her hair as he fucked her faster and faster until she could feel him cum inside her.
* * * * * * *
"Where are the wine glasses, hun?"
"On the top shelf Dev" Sarah replied.
The Summer had been flying by. There had been long days at the office under Bens' seductive gaze and hot nights spent with Devin. It was the weekend and they were preparing to have some friends over for a party. Devin's parents were out of town and had asked Devin and Sarah to housesit. They had what could only be described as a fabulous estate and staying there was like a mini holiday. Especially with his parents away as they could pretend it was their own- a big step up from their one step apartment. It wasn't a mansion exactly, but it came pretty close. They were planning on having some drinks, making burgers and using the hot tub. Devin's parents had one of those extra large hot tubs from the movies...surrounded by rock so that it appeared to be set right into the ground. Sarah had invited everyone from the office and a few others and Devin had invited his surfing buddies who were mostly unable to attend as many of them were away at a final competition of some kind.
As the guests began to arrive, the drinks began to flow. Devin was an excellent bartender and was serving up all kind of blender concoctions and people were starting to get comfortable and well, drunk. Some people danced and several intense drunken conversations popped up around the house. From the kitchen, Sarah decided to check on the guests in the living room. As she passed down the long hall, Ben appeared suddenly, headed in the opposite direction.
"Well hello there"
"Oh hi Ben. Hope you're having a fun time so far?" Sarah cringed under her own self-consciousness. He brushed by her as they passed even though there was plenty of room in the hallway. Their bodies were in direct contact in the dark hall. He leaned in close so that their faces were inches apart.
"I am having an amazing time. I can't wait to see you in the hot tub."
Sarah's heart was racing and she felt dizzy again. Just then Alyssa, the office receptionist, appeared and they broke apart instantly.
"So yeah, the hot tub is open and you can head out any time guys." She said awkwardly before heading upstairs to put on her bathing suit. As she changed, she calmed herself down. What was it about Ben that made her body feel this way? She felt so out of control. She loved Devin and had no interest in cheating on him....but why was she reacting like this? Sarah put on her bright blue bikini and regarded herself in the full length mirror. She was overly pale but she liked her body overall....and she especially liked the way Devin looked at her when she was naked....the way he touched her body, the way he used his mouth.....All she could think about was sex these days!
As Sarah slid into the hot tub, drink in hand, she could feel Ben's eyes on her. She tucked her body in next to Devin who was already deep in conversation. The guys looked like they were getting along well.
"Dude, that is completely wrong!" Devin exclaimed. They were having some kind of debate that seemed very friendly and lighthearted. Plus they were probably a fairly drunk at this point.
Time passed and the number of party-goers dwindled. Finally, the only people left besides Devin and herself were Ben, Alyssa and one of Devin's surfing buddies, Steve.
Steve and Alyssa had been flirting all night and as the rest of them continued with their heated conversation, the two had moved closer and closer until her legs were resting on his. The boys were so involved in their whatever it was they were talking about, they didn't even notice what was going on. Sarah couldn't help herself as she watched. Alyssa was one of those granola types who looked unassuming but was actually very beautiful. She had a nose ring and a very feminine face. Steve was a surfer with an amazing body. It was impossible to take her eyes off them. Her legs rested on his and he began to run his hand along her leg. She leaned into to it and they started to make out. Sarah watched, transfixed as his muscular hands slid up to her blue bikini top. Pulling the fabric down, he touched and squeeze her exposed nipples. Alyssa's breasts were the most perfect breasts Sarah had ever seen. They were perfectly round and natural and her nipples looked amazing. Alyssa stood up slightly then, rearranging herself so that she was straddling Steve as they continued to make out intensely. Sarah felt so curious and wished in a way that she could join them. She wondered if they noticed that she was literally starting at them and this was turning her on to a ridiculous degree.
Steve whispered something in Alyssa's ear and all of a sudden they were getting out of the hot tub and heading inside. Suddenly, Devin pulled his attention away from Ben long enough to noticed that they were leaving.
"Have fun, you crazy kids! There are like 17 bedrooms in this place." Devin yelled at Steve as they went inside.
Sarah slid over further next to Devin. Even though it was just the 3 of them in the hot tub, Ben also slid in closer. She wasn't sure if it was the alcohol but Sarah was suddenly feeling more comfortable, here, between 2 sexy men. She couldn't believe that the guys had missed the whole show that had unfolded before them, and were currently ignoring her as well. They were so engrossed in their bro connection, she was started to feel left out. She reached her hand down to Devin's cock, feeling confident that that would get his attention. As she touched him, he glanced at her and smiled but kept talking. Ben's eyes were on her, watching as her arm moved back and forth. She couldn't believe how bold she was being. That she was doing this right in front of Ben. She waited until Devin was done talking and she leaned in to kiss him seductively. She didn't care that Ben was watching. She wanted him to watch. Ben was silent for a few minutes as her and Devin kissed. Devin reached up and began to untie her bikini top and suddenly if was off and he could feel his hands squeezing her breasts. She opened her eyes to see that Ben was staring right at them, just as she had watched Alyssa and Steve so longingly. Devin leaned forward and whispered in her ear.
"Maybe we should all go inside?" Sarah felt light-headed at his possible implication....but she also felt silly, drunk and very horny. Anything could happen.
They headed inside wrapped in fluffy towels.
"Let's go hang out in our room for a bit. Do you want another drink?" he asked, looking at Ben, who still had his eyes glued to Sarah.
"Yeah, that would be great."
"K, you guys get a drink and I am going to take a quick shower" she said while giving both guys a suggestive look.
"Well that sounds more fun than a drink" Ben teased as he pretended to follow her. She pushed him back lightly.
"You can only come if Devin says" Sarah said jokingly.
"I'm in if you are." Devin stated bluntly.
Sarah could tell by the look on his face that he was serious and she was suddenly unsure.....this made her feel excited but at the same time, this was so unlike her and she just wasn't sure if she should listen to her intense lust or not.
"Well, I'm going to just start with a shower" Sarah said laughing and trying to make things light again.
The shower felt warm and soothing and helped to clear her head. She had been so overcome that her thoughts were running wild. She tried to calm herself and convince herself that she was just imagining things....the moments that had happened between the three of them had been innocent....and she was just getting carried away. Her head was spinning as she left the shower wrapped in a towel and found Devin lying on the bed naked.
"Hi babe. Ben went to get dressed and then we can all hang out for a bit. I guess I should get dressed too."
He got up and approached her. Leaning forward they kissed and he could feel him loosening her towel until it dropped to the floor. Just then Ben entered.
"Oh Sorry I..."
"Oh....no....it's ok" Devin said before Sarah even knew what was happening.
"I didn't realize....I'm sorry" Ben apologized but continued to move towards them.
"Please stay. Watch us." It was an invitation but it kind of sounded like a command.
Ben said nothing but turned and sat in the armchair in the corner in the room. Devin turned back to Sarah and began kissing her as intensely as before. His hands were all over her body and she reached down to stroke his cock as they continued to kiss passionately.
"This is so fucking hot." Ben said as he started to unbuckle the belt he had just put back on after the hot tub.
Sarah knelt down before Devin and basically right in front of Ben, who now had his big cock out and was stroking it. Sarah did not know where to look.
"Oh yeah. Put that cock in your mouth" Ben instructed.
Sarah opened her mouth and began to slide her wet tongue all over Devin as he moaned with pleasure. Ben moaned beside her as well, leaning forward and stroking himself. This was so exciting and like nothing Sarah had ever experienced. She worked her way all around, taking Devin in her mouth as deep as she could and looking up at him, then over at Ben. Finally, Devin pulled her up and directed her onto the bed.
"I want you in my mouth. It's my turn." He said.
Complying, Sarah straddled him and began inching up until she was directly over his mouth, at the head of the bed. She arched her back and leaned into how amazing his mouth felt.
"I bet that pussy tastes so good" said Ben as he stared directly at them.
Sarah moaned loudly as she stared back, unable to look away. Emboldened by his look of desire, Sarah turned around so that she could suck Devin's cock while he went down on her. She realized that this would also give Ben a full view of her pussy and ass but that only excited her more. She couldn't believe how much this was turning her on.
It was Devin's turn to be bold now and when he couldn't waiting any longer, he pulled her off and spread her legs wide. He slid his hard cock all over her soaking wet pussy and she writhed around as he teased her.
"Fuck me. Fuck me Devin."
Devin thrust forward with a long stroke and Sarah felt waves of pleasure like never before. As he began fucking her, she was anything but quiet. This felt so amazing to be fucking her sexy boyfriend while having someone watch them. Devin was being so forceful with her and it was driving her wild. He lifted her up on all fours so that he could take her from behind. Sarah's was facing the head of the bed and was only a foot or two away from Ben who was leaning forward, still stroking his big hard cock and moaning.
"I think you should put his cock in your mouth, Sarah" Devin suggested....but again, it seemed more like a command. It was like he had read her mind...she wanted nothing more in that moment....Ben stood up and leaned forward and she took his cock in her mouth intentionally very slowly at first. She could tell that this excited Devin and he began to fuck her faster. It felt amazing to have him fuck her with Ben's cock in her mouth. Ben was equally excited as he watched her intently. He grabbed her head and pushed himself deep in her mouth.
"I want to fuck you" Ben said, breathlessly.
"I would love to watch that, as long as it's ok with Sarah" Devin said. Sarah was shocked but also definitely excited.
Ben stretched out on the bed, his cock still standing straight up. Devin moved to the chair and began to stroke his cock. He watched from a slight distance as Sarah moved closer to Ben, as though hypnotized. She hovered above him and then lowered herself until she was straddling him and they kissed, for the first time. It was not as intense as when she kissed Devin but the fact that he was watching them kiss sent shivers through her whole body. She brought her wet pussy closer to him and began to slide it up and down around the outside of his cock. This apparently drove him insane and made Devin more excited than she had ever seen him.
"You are such a tease." Devin said as he shook his head, laughing a little.
She slid onto Ben's big cock now and began to ride him slowly. She was so wet and this felt wonderful. She leaned forward to kiss him as she fucked him. He raised his hips, thrusting inside her and this time, it felt more like electricity was running though her. Sitting up, she motioned to Devin to come close so that she could have him in her mouth at the same time. He approached her and shoved his cock deep in her wet mouth. He wanted her so badly, he knew this would not last long.
Ben was squeezing her breasts as she bounced up and down and Sarah made circles and rubbed her clit. The pleasure was building and building and suddenly she was cumming hard on Ben's cock. Her gasping and moaning drove Devin crazy and he couldn't hold out any longer. He came into her mouth and she swallowed it although some ran down her chin. Sarah continued to rock her body back and forth but watching this all had been like a chain reaction and Ben followed suit, arching himself forward and deeper inside her as he filled her with his cum.
Exhausted, they all then collapsed on the big bed. Sarah could not conceal the huge smile that stretched across her face as she drifted off to sleep.