My wife and I have a normal marriage and we have been married for over 30 years. I have a high stress job, own my own company and make literally thousands of decisions every day so when I get home, I don't really want to make any more decisions. Just tell me what to do and let's go do it. I have a kink in that I like to be teased and denied. She has resisted this, but has started to come around lately. It hasn't been in her comfort zone, but every once in awhile she can tell I really need a stress release and we will have a kink weekend. She could tell that I was in need of one of those weekends and laid her plans. She really enjoys herself, in more ways than one, on these weekends.
Our son, who is 24, was coming up for the weekend to our summer cottage to do some fishing and boating. He asked if he could bring some friends and of course I said the more the merrier. We like to entertain and we hadn't seen him in months as he was busy and working two jobs. Beer and barbecue would be fun and he has good friends and it would be nice to get some fishing in as well. I was unaware that she had planned this to be a kink weekend when I spoke with him. However, that would play right in to her plans that she had for me, as I would find out later.
We got to our cottage early and after dinner, she told me to go put my chastity device on and come back down so she could lock it on me. I did as directed and returned to the kitchen for her to lock it on me. Whenever she does this, I never know if it will be on for twenty minutes or twenty hours. That's what makes it exciting. She knew I needed this.
I handed her the lock and she said, "No, I'm not using that one. You may have made an extra key for it. I will use my own lock." With that, she locked it on and continued, "The key is at home, so you are locked in until we go home on Sunday. You look like you could use a kink weekend, so that's what this shall be."
We started to play some board games and card games and drinking. I forgot to mention to her that our son was coming with friends. To say she was pleasantly surprised when he walked through the door is an understatement. She looked at me with a smile and a wink and I knew I was in trouble. While she was happy to see him and his friends, this would definitely change her plans for me for the weekend. As she hugged and welcomed them all, I knew things had just turned upside down for me.
We were both pretty messed up from drinking margaritas and playing board games. I recognized one of his friends from hunting camp, but the other two I did not recognize. He introduced them as they were people he knew from the golf club he worked at. One was TJ and the other, probably the largest man I have ever seen, was David. He was six feet six and weighed 310 pounds and black. As it turns out, David was on the NFL team in the town that my son lives in and they met at the golf course and he just wanted to come up and hang out before training camp. Once that kicks in, his life changes dramatically.
My wife asked to speak to me upstairs in private real quickly. "I didn't know they were coming? Did you? Doesn't matter, you won't be. You know the rules. When there are other people in the building, you aren't allowed to orgasm so I am glad I locked you up. This way you can't sneak off and take care of yourself. I, on the other hand, can and will be having orgasms this weekend. Jim brought some friends and I intend to have some fun, just like at hunting camp last year. Remember how much fun I had then? You even seemed to enjoy yourself, although not the same way as I did."
I remembered what happened on that weekend, and while I was aroused, I was also nervous. I spent the weekend in chastity and she had lots of fun with our sons friends. They actually came up without him and a good time was had by all. Actually, some more than others.
My wife was down to just a bikini top and short shorts as it was hot. She has a very funny sense of humor and can be quite forward, especially when drinking. At 51, she can still turn heads. She is slender, a little soft in the middle, tight ass and long legs and nice C cup tits. She is a great hostess and made sure that they all had drinks immediately so they could catch up. She was not shy with her flirting and innuendo, which caused my son to drink faster than he should have and he decided to go to bed early as he wanted to take them fishing in the morning.
We decided to play a card game called 31. It's pretty easy and works well when you have been drinking. Everyone starts with three chips and you try and get as close to 31 all of the same suit with three cards. When you think you are close, you knock and try and catch someone else being lower than you. If you are the lowest, you pay a chip to the pot and when your chips are gone, you are out.
We played a few hands and it was pretty even, but then my wife started to lose and she was all out of chips. She asked if she could play on her honor and we said sure. She lost the next hand and I said, "Well, you lost, what do you suppose we do now? You are out of chips and just lost your honor play."
She gave me a look as if to say, really, and then said, "If I take my shorts off as payment for me losing that hand, will that get me another hand?"
The guys were stunned and didn't answer, so I said, "Sure. I think I can speak for everyone."
With that, she got up from the table and turned away. She undid her shorts and slowly and deliberately worked them over her hips and slowly started to remove them as she made sure to bend over showing us all her tight ass. She got them all the way down to her ankles and then quickly pulled them up and turned around. All of us were staring at her ass and with how quickly she turned around she caught us all staring. "Are you sure this will be alright and I can play another hand if I take my shorts off?"
The consensus of the table was definitely yes this time.
She turned around again and started her little show one more time, only this time she didn't stop and pulled them all the way to the ground and stepped out of them. She then tossed them over on the couch and adjusted her thong, making sure we all watched as she pulled it out of her pussy. "Sorry about that, just getting comfortable."
She sat back down and we dealt the next hand. As luck would have it, she lost again. Not sure if she was doing it on purpose or not, but she didn't even have two cards of the same suit. Without even hesitating, she stood up again and turned her ass to the table, ran her fingers into her thong and started to remove it over her hips. She got it halfway down and turned around facing the table and said, "Can I play one more hand if I take my thong off?"
Again, the consensus of the table was yes.
She didn't turn around this time, but rather stayed facing the table and slowly worked her thong the rest of the way down her legs totally exposing her pussy to all of us. As we were all mesmerized, she said, "I sure hope I don't lose again as I will have to take my top off then." She then sat back down and acted as if nothing was happening. She was pretty smart because when she sat back down, we couldn't see anything, although we knew that she was naked beneath the table.
We dealt the next hand and she didn't have the lowest hand so she didn't have to take her top off. However, the next hand she did have the lowest hand and the guys got pretty excited at the fact that she would be taking her top off. She stood up to make sure they got a great view of her pussy. She reached behind her back to take off her top and just as she was undoing it, she turned around so she was facing away from us, showing us her ass, and then tossed her top over on to the couch with the rest of her clothing. As she turned back around, she kept her hand over her tits prolonging the wait. She looked all of us up and down and said, "I can tell by the bulges that you guys are looking forward to this." She removed her hands and put her arms up in the air as if to say ta da and gave us all an unobstructed view of her tits and whole front of her body. "Well guys, I guess I'm going to bed as I have no clothes left to wager with. I sure hope my luck is better tomorrow fishing and with cards. If this happens again tomorrow, I'm not sure what I will do to pay my debts." She looked at me and said, "Are you coming to bed?"
As she walked across the cottage to the stairs to go to our bedroom, every eye was locked on her as she wiggled and jiggled her way across the room. "See you boys in the morning." She waited for me at the bottom of the stairs.
The three of them retired to the bunk room and my wife and I went upstairs to ours. As she was walking up the stairs in front of me, I could see her juices were flowing and I could tell she was enjoying this. She turned around and was watching as i was fidgeting with my chastity device. "Well, well, well. Looks like the little guy wants to come out and play. Would you like to earn some brownie points and maybe earn an early release?"
"Yes I would."
As she got to the top of the stairs, she sat down and then laid back with her legs hanging down a couple of the steps. "Well, why don't you service me before bed. Showing myself off to those young guys got me wound up and really wet. You won't be able to fuck me, so you might as well eat me out. At least I will get to have an orgasm tonight."
"Seriously? You want me to eat you out right here on the steps? What if one of them comes out to get another drink or something?"
"Don't care. You want points, you need to follow orders. Or not. But if you don't, then there is no way you will get out early this weekend. This is your only chance."
Knowing what I had to do, I started to go down on her right there at the top of the stairs. This wasn't anything new and I enjoyed doing it, but, it wasn't what I wanted to be doing by any means. However, I was going to make sure that she enjoyed it and I gave her an orgasm as that was the only way to possibly get an early release. I licked and sucked for all I was worth and serviced her as best I could. I thought she was getting close and she pulled my head tight to her pussy and said, "Deep. Stick your tongue in deep and finish me off!" I did as she said and when her orgasm hit, she didn't let go of my head and held me tight right there riding wave after wave of her orgasm to completion spreading her juices all over my face.
As she recovered, she said, "That was great. Probably your best yet. Let's get some sleep as I think tomorrow is going to be a busy day. Who knows, maybe tomorrow I will have a nice cream filling for you. It's a nice way to finish the day. Brings us closer, don't you think?"
I had an epiphany and remembered she said the key was at home. How could I get an early release if the key was at home. I said, "Wait. I thought you said the key was at home? So how will I get an early release?"
"Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. That's a chance you'll have to take if you possibly want an early release before we get home. Follow orders and maybe the key is really here."
As we drifted off to sleep, I could hear them talking in the bedroom downstairs. I couldn't make out what they were saying, but I'm sure it had to do with the show my wife put on for them and the fact that they probably just heard her orgasm at the top of the stairs.
I awoke the next morning and got the coffee going and started with the bacon and eggs. The smell woke everyone. My son was up and out the door before even eating. He was out on the dock trying to catch the first fish of the day. My wife hopped in the shower before the guys came out of the room. While she was showering the guys came out of the bedroom and were sitting around looking at their phones and waiting for breakfast.
When she came out of the bathroom, she was wearing the customary wrapped towel. It was rather short and she was surprised seeing the guys as they weren't up when she went in. The towel came open in the front because it was so small and with each step she took, her pussy was clearly visible.
She came in to the kitchen to give me a kiss and dropped her brush on the floor to get everyone's attention. She bent over to pick it up, making sure to give the guys a nice show as she knew they were all watching her. As she stood back up, I grabbed the towel and yanked it off of her leaving nothing to the imagination.
"Good morning, boys. Hope you slept well. I know I did," she said. "Where's Jim? He doesn't need to see me naked?"
"He's already fishing off the dock."
She looked out the window and confirmed that he was and then she felt a little better and wasn't so shy. As she walked across the room, she made sure to walk in front of them so they could see everything. As she stopped at the bottom of the stairs, she said, "I hope you boys are up for some fun today. The fishing should be good and there may even be a party out on the sandbar this afternoon. Hopefully you will all "cum", as she put air quotes around the cum in her sentence as she walked up the stairs.
After breakfast my son said, "Why don't we have a fishing contest today. I'll take Mark in the fishing boat and you and mom can take David and TJ in the pontoon. We'll see who can catch more fish."
"Ok. But you picked the teams, so I get first pick of fishing spots. We'll take the slough. It's quiet, secluded and lots of fish. You go somewhere else," I said.
My wife went upstairs and changed. She wanted to work on her tan while fishing. When she came down, she was wearing a bikini top that I hadn't seen before that was very revealing and a bottom that was a boy shorts type swimsuit.
"When did you get that suit?"
"Just recently. I thought it would come in handy at some point and this is it. I love teasing you and this should do the trick nicely."
As we pulled in to the slough, she went to the bow and was getting ready to lower the anchor. She bent over the side to reach down and grab it, giving us all a great shot of her ass as the shorts really didn't cover much. I noticed the two guys, TJ and David were fixed on staring at her as she bent over the side dealing with the anchor.
TJ and I got our fishing poles ready quickly and started fishing. We were taking it seriously.
My wife stood in the front of the boat, where she had lowered the anchor, and kept her ass facing us. She reached in to her new suit and slowly started to pull it over her hips and down her legs revealing the fact that she had a thong suit on underneath. She made no attempt to hide that fact from any of us on the boat. She then removed her top and showed her beautiful tits. They glowed white compared to the rest of her body.
She grabbed the sun tan lotion and walked over to David and said, "Seeing as you don't have worm stuff all over your hands yet, could you please put some sunscreen on me? I want to make sure everything gets covered, especially my boobs and ass."
David started with her back and quickly moved to her tits. His massive hands had no problem spreading the lotion all over her and he definitely worked her over in the process. He would gently, but firmly pull her tits and spread the lotion to her nipples. He would then squeeze and tug them to ensure they were being covered evenly. It was very erotic watching his huge black hands gliding all over my wifes' body, especially her glowing white tits.
She was really getting in to it and allowed herself to moan and lean back in to him.
TJ hadn't seen what was happening until she moaned, but then he was watching intently as David continued working her over.
David then had her stand up on the bench so he could do her legs without having to bend over. He started at the tops of her thighs and worked his way down each leg, making sure to not miss a spot. As he was doing that, she stood in the sun and allowed herself to feel its' warmth and had no inclination to cover her tits. When he finished her second leg, he turned her around and said, "I should make sure to get your ass too. We wouldn't want that to get burned, now would we?"
"Absolutely not. That would be bad."
He started to rub her ass with the sunscreen and she instinctively bent over and leaned on the back of the bench to make it easier for him to reach. He was using both hands rubbing and spreading it all over her ass. As he continued to work it all around, he gently pulled her thong down and said, "I want to make sure I get between your cheeks too. In case your bottoms move or something."
She moaned her agreement.
As he started to apply a little pressure and spreading her cheeks, she was definitely getting aroused. He could sense this and after circling her anus several times, each time getting more insistent, he slid one of his thumbs in. With how large his hands were, his thumbs were equally large and she absolutely loved the sensation of being penetrated in her ass. He worked it all the way in and then started to fuck her ass with his thumb. It didn't take long and she had an orgasm standing on the bench with his thumb in her ass while TJ and I watched.
After she came down from her orgasm, she looked at David and said, "Thank you for that. Now I can lay wherever I want and not worry about getting burned."
"No problem, ma'am. It was my pleasure." With that, he turned and started fishing.
She got down from standing on the bench and laid down. "I'll be over here working on my tan, honey. You have fun fishing," she said to me.
TJ was stunned at what he had just witnessed, but was also very aroused by the prospects of the day. My wife looked over at him and saw his predicament as he was sporting a hard on under his swim suit. "Oh sweetie, why don't you come over here and I'll take care of that for you," she said. As he was walking towards her, she looked over her shoulder at me and gave me a wink knowing all too well that I was under her control.
He walked over and pulled his suit down and allowed his hard cock to pop out. She sat back up on the bench and proceeded to pleasure him with her mouth. She didn't take long to have him pumping his cock in to her mouth. TJ let out a loud moan and held her head tight to him, forcing her to swallow his whole load. When he finished, she said, "You didn't need to hold my head there. I was going to swallow all I could anyway. I always do," as she looked at me knowing that I know that she hardly ever swallows.
She laid there tanning and the three of us began fishing. It was a real hot day and the fish were biting like crazy. We were really pulling in the panfish as my wife laid with her ass on display for the boat to see. I went over near her and started to fish and she whispered up to me, "How's the little guy doing in his cage? Based on how much you fidgeted last night going up the stairs, I bet he's really straining against his confines today?"
"Yep, he is. Do I really have to wear this all weekend?"
"Yes you do. I don't know why you like when I do this, but I'm going to really enjoy teasing you and being satisfied this weekend. Maybe if you do everything I ask, you can have an early release. I may or may not have the key."
After about an hour, we decided that we should head back to camp and grab a cooler as the day was getting quite hot. I had my wife go to the front of the boat and pull the anchor giving all of us a great shot of her ass. She pretended to struggle, but was able to pull it up eventually. Knowing the effect she was having, she really took her time and made sure to lean way over.
As I started to head for open water to head across the bay to camp, she didn't cover up and talked with the boys while sitting in just her thong. Her boobs were out on display and they couldn't take their eyes off of them. When we reached the dock, she had to lean way over the side to grab the dock and this allowed her boobs to swing freely and her ass was up on display nicely. .
"I'll go fill a cooler," She said. As she walked up to the cottage, she really took her time and gave us nice long looks at her ass which was highlighted by her thong. As she walked back carrying the cooler full of beer, her tits swayed and moved rather nicely and by the time she got back to the dock, David was watching her intently, as was TJ and I.
We shoved off and she started to put her top back on and I headed towards a different spot on the lake. David, said, "If you put your top back on, then you should take your bottom off. We need some sort of show and now that we've seen how nice your tits are, we should see the bottom. You didn't stick around last night after you lost, so I want a closer look."
"Um, no. We're going out in to the main part of the lake and other boats will be able to see."
"We don't get that close to other boats and if you take your bottoms off and stay low, no one will see," I said.
She hesitantly took off her thong and David grabbed it out of her hand quickly and said, "I'll hold on to this to make sure you comply. In fact, why don't you come over here and sit on my lap. That way no one will see you don't have your bottoms on."
As she turned around to face him, she could see that he had already taken his shorts off and was sporting quite the hard on. It was what I expected. Large and black and growing rapidly. "What do you want me to do with that?" she said.
"You can use your imagination, but if it's inside of you then it won't get sunburned. Might want to hurry, we are coming up on another boat."
She turned around and backed towards him and slowly lowered herself onto his rock hard black cock reverse cowgirl fashion. It was't easy as it was so big, but she managed to get herself settled on it just as the other boat went by. Just as she lowered herself on, she looked me in the eyes and I could see hers roll back in her head in pleasure. I'm pretty sure they could tell she was sitting on his lap, but I don't think they could tell she was being impaled by him. She was definitely enjoying herself as she started to grind and slowly raise herself up and down on his cock. It was obvious she was nearing an orgasm.
As we came around a bend in the lake, I noticed our son was fishing a spot just up ahead. "Hey, there they are. Let's go over and see if they have caught anything."
She got panicky and tried to separate herself from David, but he wouldn't let her. Not that she wanted to as she was on the verge of an orgasm. "No. You stay right where you are. I want to be inside of you when we talk to your son. If you stay still and don't fidget, I'll lay back and he won't see me and he'll never know. That boat is quite lower than this one."
I made sure to stay back a little bit so they couldn't see over the side, and David was definitely still in her. She was trying real hard to concentrate on the conversation as he was moving ever so slightly keeping her on the edge.
"What did you guys do with David?" asked my son.
"Oh, he's sleeping on the bench. A little tired from last night, I guess," my wife said. "We should head back to camp for lunch."
They had caught a few fish, but not as many as us. He went ahead in the fishing boat and would get the fillet table ready. As we puttered along in the pontoon boat, my wife was now full on in to it and was doing everything she could to come. She was bouncing and grinding for all she was worth trying to get over the top. David reached up and ripped her bikini top off and she didn't care. There she was on the tooner, bouncing up and down on his cock completely exposed to the whole lake. He reached up from behind her with his massive hands and firmly started to pull on her nipples. She came with a shudder and a very large orgasm that nearly caused her to go limp.
As she was coming down, David lifted her up and leaned her over the bench so she was facing out and started to pound her hard from behind. He was relentless and wanted to cum deep inside her. He was slamming her so hard that her tits were smacking each other and I'm sure any of the other boats could tell what was going on. Fortunately we weren't close to any of them. As he was increasing his tempo, I could hear is big balls smacking her pussy lips and I could tell she was getting close to another orgasm, which was real odd for her. As he started to cum, he held his massive cock deep inside of her holding her hips and pelvis tight to him. Feeling his cock dumping its load deep inside her pushed her over the top for her second orgasm in a matter of minutes and she collapsed on the bench with her tits hanging over the side of the boat.
As they were both coming down, we rounded the corner to our bay and could see the dock. "I will need my clothes back, please."
David gave her her suit back and she dressed quickly.
As we pulled up I said, "We caught more fish, so you get to clean them. Put the table in the shed so the bugs won't get you and we'll go make lunch."
TJ and David said they would help my son and Mark could help make lunch. As they walked in to the cottage, my wife looked at Mark and said, "Do you mind if I take these shorts off? They're a little tight with my suit on underneath." She didn't wait for him to answer and quickly removed them showing off her nice ass and thong. It had the desired effect as Mark started to adjust himself as his cock was now stiffening.
I saw what was happening and said, "I'll go check on the fish."
She looked over and said, "Would you like me to take care of that for you? I already gave TJ and David some relief, and you look like you could use some too."
He didn't hesitate as he pulled his shorts down and my wife didn't waste any time. She was down in front of him immediately taking him full in to her mouth and sucking for all she was worth. Then she would back off and work the tip and swirl her tongue around it and use her hands and jack him up and down. She would then gobble his dick again and pull him all the way deep in her mouth. I was watching from on the deck making sure our son didn't head over and catch his mom blowing one of his friends. He didn't last long and when he came, she didn't try and pull back but rather pulled him deep in to her mouth so he she could swallow all of it. As he was coming down, she slurped the last little bit out of him and said, "There, that should make you feel better. I hope you can make some more later."
I fumbled with the door as I was coming in, giving him the illusion I was unaware of what had happened., "Wow, did we catch the fish. What are we going to have for lunch?"
My wife said, "Well, I just had mine, a little hot lunch if you will, and I don't think you would like it. But, I will make sandwiches and chips for all you guys." She looked over at Mark and gave him a wink and smirk and he chuckled.
Mark said he would go check on the fish cleaners and let them know lunch would be ready soon.
As she stood at the counter making lunch, I came up behind her and she could feel the device pressing at her ass and said, "Why do you like wearing that thing? Isn't it uncomfortable and sometimes hurt?"
"Yes, it does at times. But, I like not having to make decisions and being teased. It gives me so much energy and I like watching you having fun. I don't know, it's a kink. Give me a break."
After lunch, a storm blew in and kept us off the lake. We decided to make the most of the rest of the day and started drinking and playing games in the camp. As the day wore on, the drinks kept flowing, to the point that my son couldn't keep up and went to bed early again hoping for better weather in the morning so he could fish some more before having to head home. He wasn't happy that I had caught more fish than him.
As the storm raged on, my wife went upstairs and changed as her swimsuit was not quite warm enough. She came back down wearing a t shirt and leggings, which really highlighted her ass and I noticed her nipples were quite erect. That seemed a little odd as she normally wears a bra, but obviously she wasn't at this time.
For some reason, my luck had run out and I was unable to keep up any more and had to head off to bed myself. The day of drinking had caught up with me.
I awoke at some point during the night to my wife crawling on top of me and sliding her way up so she was kneeling with her pussy right in my face. She had her legs over my arms pinning them down and she was looking straight down at me. "I want you to eat me out while I tell you what happened. I need one more orgasm before I can go to sleep and I want it to be from you."
With that, she moved forward so I could reach her pussy with my mouth and she started telling me what happened. I could smell that she had been used, and was sure I was going to have a little cream surprise...
"After you went to bed and left me alone with our guests, I felt I needed to be a good hostess and stay up with them for awhile. We started playing 31 again and I lost quickly. Just like yesterday though, I negotiated if I took my clothes off I could keep playing."
"Oh, that feels so good with you licking my pussy."
"Anyway, I ended up losing my leggings first. So I had to stand up, and I slowly turned around so they could see my ass as I took them off. I slowly pulled them down to the floor and I could tell they were all watching. But, with the long t-shirt, they didn't get much of a show and were kind of bummed out. I won a few hands, but then lost another one and had to remove the t-shirt. I just whipped it off over my head as quickly as I could. I didn't even make a show of it. However, they did notice that I had my nipple jewelry on, you know, the ones that dangle. They really loved that. I let each of them inspect them to ensure they wouldn't come off. They all tugged at them, which really caused my nipples to get real sensitive and I had to stop them because I thought I might cum just from that. But I didn't want that yet."
"Wow, you are making this very hard to tell the story with you licking me like that." She moaned her pleasure, which drove me on to continue.
"So, there I was, standing in front of them naked, but still wanting to play. As long as I won, they said I could keep playing. I won a few hands, but then I really thought I had a good hand and knocked. I ended up losing and because I was the one who knocked, they said it was time to pay up."
"David said that he wanted to feel my mouth on his cock as payment and the other guys thought that was a good start. So, I got down on my knees as he was sitting at the table and pulled his cock out. I started to lick it up and down like a popsicle, but there was no way I was going to get the whole thing in my mouth. As I was kneeling there trying to give him a blow job, the other two got behind me and started to fondle my breasts and ass. It felt soooo good. With the nipple jewelry constantly teasing me and having hands on me and licking that big cock was getting me so hot, I told David to take me from behind. I needed to feel his big cock in me again."
David told the other two, "Let's get her on her hands and knees and do her like a pig roast."
"I got on my hands and knees and David started to work his big cock over my pussy lips trying to slowly push his way in. The other two, moved in front of me and dropped their clothes. Staring at those two lovely hard cocks right in front of me, I couldn't help myself and reached out and pulled them to me. I started to work the tip of whichever one I had. I didn't even care as I was so wanton with lust. I was pumping one with my hand while sucking and licking the other with my mouth. David was making progress as his cock was almost all the way in. As he started to pump me from behind, I was able to take the cock in my mouth all the way in as well. I felt like such a slut being filled up in both holes. I would switch cocks in my mouth every few pumps by David. When he would pull back, I would switch and then when he would pump forward, it would slam the new cock all the way down my throat."
"Oh my God, you've never licked me that way before. It feels so good," she said to me. I was licking and slurping for all I was worth as I was sooooo aroused by her story.
"As David kept pushing deeper and deeper, I could finally feel his balls hitting my pussy lips and it was amazing. Just then, one of the guys I was working over with my mouth, let go and came hard and shot his load straight down my throat. The other one, being a little jealous, pushed him off me so quickly and shoved his dick right at me that I barely was able to swallow all of his cum. I didn't hesitate and sucked him straight in. David was moving much faster and hitting all the way in, which caused me to take the second one deep in my mouth. He didn't last very long and shot his load deep in my mouth as well. I swallowed his load and then he too pulled out of my mouth."
David said, "Now I want to cum as well." He lifted me up and laid me down on the table on my back. He put my legs up and over his shoulders and wasted no time entering me. In that position, he was able to push in to me soooo deep, it felt like he was splitting me in half and poking his big black cock all the way in to my ribcage. The other guys started playing and tugging my nipple jewelry and wow did it feel good.
"Oh my God, sweetie, you are bringing me real close to an orgasm. Slow down. I know you are excited hearing the story, but slow down."
"So David was now really pounding hard and his big balls were slapping my anus like I have never felt before. I don't know how we didn't wake you or our son up, but he was like an animal. All of the sudden, he pushed real deep and I could feel him shooting his second load of the day deep in my pussy. That pushed me over the top and I had another huge orgasm as he was emptying his balls in me."
As she said that, she removed the nipple jewelry and allowed complete blood flow back to her nipples causing a warm sensation, which helped her to have the orgasm I was desperately trying to give her. She lowered herself down on my face and the contractions of her pussy squeezed all of his cum out and into my mouth. I have done this before, am not a fan of it, but sometimes you just don't have a choice. She made sure I couldn't get out from under her and I was forced to swallow his cum. It was more than I had ever swallowed before. She was moaning and squealing like I had never heard her do before. By the time she came down, I had leaked so much pre cum from my chastity device, that I could feel it all over my balls and running down to my anus. My balls were so sore, I didn't know if they would ever work again.
"After he finished, they all went to bed and I came right up here to reward you with a nice cream surprise like I told you yesterday. Based on your enthusiastic performance, I think you like the way this played out."
"Because you have been such a good boy this weekend, I have a bag with three keys in it. You can draw one key and if it unlocks your device, then I will let you fuck me in my ass. If it doesn't unlock it, then we go to bed and you get nothing tonight. Deal?"
"What choice do I have?"
"You can choose to not draw one, I guess."
"No, no. I'll draw one and see." I studied the two keys in the bag and picked the one I thought would fit in the lock. It didn't.
"Oh darn. Looks like you will have to wait until we get home." She let it hang in the air for a minute and then said, "You know what? Because you have been soooo good and ate that cream pie. I'll let you try another key. You have a 50/50 chance."
I grabbed the other key and it slid in to the slot without any problems. However, it wasn't the key either and it wouldn't turn.
"What do you mean I had a 50/50 chance? There was only one key left in the bag."
"What do you mean? There should have been three keys in the bag. I brought three and you only drew one, so there should have been two left."
"There wasn't. There was only one."
"That's not good. One of them must've fallen out somewhere. Oh well, I guess we are going to sleep then, huh?" She rolled off me and said "Good night. I won't give you a kiss tonight as I have more cum in me than you and I don't want anymore. Tonight anyway."
I awoke Sunday morning and took a quick shower before anyone else got up. I went outside to survey the damage from the storm and had some cleaning up to do and had to gather up all the fishing gear so we could head out. My son Jim came out to help me.
----------------------------------------------------------
Evidently everyone else woke up when the door closed, and my wife noticing that Jim was outside helping me didn't get dressed and just went and took a shower. She was unaware that the rest of the guys woke up while she was showering and when she walked out of the bathroom without a towel around her this time, she was surprised.
"Good morning, boys. Hope you slept well?"
They all responded in the positive and watched her intently as she went about making some coffee for everyone. As she was doing that, she could see that Jim and I still had quite a bit to deal with outside and asked if anyone "wanted a quickie for the road?"
David immediately said, "I wouldn't mind another one. Why don't you get up on the chair and lean over the back. That way your hands and mouth will be free for those two, if they are up for it."
My wife got up on a kitchen chair, leaned over the back and wiggled her ass for him. He was hard by the time he got across the room and was gently parting her pussy lips with cock. She was sore so he had to go slowly.
While he was doing that, TJ was the first to get in front of her and she wasted no time taking him in to her mouth. She was getting it from behind and was sucking off another cock in the front. TJ didn't last long again as she was playing with his prostate while pleasuring his cock with her mouth. He shot his load deep down her throat and she swallowed it all.
Mark then came over and waved his cock in her face. David was picking up his pace and his balls were hitting her pussy lips and clit with each thrust. She took Mark all the way down to his base and played with his balls. He wasn't going to last long either as she wasn't going to let him. She was racing the clock now as she knew Jim and I wouldn't be much longer and she didn't want him to see her sucking and fucking his friends.
Just then David pushed real deep, causing her to open her throat even a little more and that gave Mark just enough to get a little bit further and caused him to start shooting his load. With that, David was also letting his load go deep in her pussy. Her orgasm would come soon as now she was done swallowing Marks cum and pushed his cock out of her mouth. The sensations and the knowledge of what she just did rushed over her and pushed her over the top of her own orgasm. As she was moaning and pushing back against David's black cock, I happened to walk up on the porch and got to see the ending. Watching her orgasm with another man's cock in her was a very erotic sight and I was leaking pre cum in my device again.
As they came down and separated, she put her bathrobe on and just sat down on the chair and started drinking her coffee like nothing had happened. The guys all got dressed quickly and packed their bags and got ready to go.
When Jim and I walked in, they all acted non-chalant and Jim said, "You guys all packed up and ready to go? We have a long drive ahead of us."
"Yep, all ready and packed. We got everything we came for and your mom was a wonderful hostess."
"I apologize if I don't get up and hug you guys before you go, but I don't have anything on under this bathrobe and I don't want anything to be exposed. I hope you understand."
They all agreed and off they went. Jim stopped at the door and said, "Thanks for entertaining my friends. I wanted to fish and Mark talked them in to coming up and they seemed very excited to come with. Bye."
After they had departed, my wife beckoned me over to where she was sitting. As I approached, she opened her bathrobe and climbed up on the table and spread her legs.
"I have another camp breakfast for you. David gave me another load this morning for you to clean up. I have enough in me, especially if you want to put one in me too. I did find another key under the bed this morning. If you do a good job, we'll try that one and see if you any better luck. I forgot that I took it out last night to try and give you better odds."
I proceeded to sit on the chair and moved in to do my cleanup duties. She does like when I do this now and leaned back and put her feet up on my shoulders. This really exposed her pussy and I could see the surprise already starting to come out. I knew I didn't want to do this, but I also knew I couldn't resist. I started at the bottom and licked her pussy all the way to the top, just like an ice cream cone. When I found her clit, I spent a few extra seconds on it licking and flicking with my tongue. I did this several times and had her writhing in no time at all. She had another fantastic orgasm and squeezed all of David's cum in to my mouth again.
As she came down, she handed me the key and said, "Here you go sweetie. I sure hope you can get it hard enough to fuck me in the ass."
I inserted the key and it wouldn't turn. "Are you sure this is the key?"
"That's weird, I could swear that was the key."
"Didn't you try it before locking this on me?"
"No. It slid in and I figured it would work. Sorry honey, I guess you will have to wait until we get home for your release. We should finish cleaning the cottage so we can get going. I hope I'm not too sore by the time we get home to let you cum in my ass."