The Hotel
He stood at the bathroom sink, smiling at his reflection in the mirror, and replaying the events of the day in his mind. He listened to his girl humming happily in the next room, and smiled again, remembering the feel of her strong naked thighs, which had so recently been wrapped around his waist. He shifted his weight, adjusting the position of his rigid cock. Part of him still couldn't believe that less than an hour ago, he had been driving his shaft mercilessly into her sweet, yielding pussy...shoving her up against the cold concrete wall of that deserted airport corridor. Images of her face, twisted in ecstasy still raced through his mind, making his heavy balls ache for release. His hand roamed idly to his groin, squeezing his erection gently as his sinful thoughts urged him on. Suddenly, he was interrupted by the sound of her voice.
"Honey, could you come here for a moment please?" she asked sweetly through the door. He quickly adjusted his uncomfortably hard manhood and moved toward the door.
"I'm on my way, doll." He replied.
He entered the main room of her hotel suite, and stopped dead in his tracks. He stood stunned in the center of the room and looked around. The spacious area was bathed in golden candlelight, and there she was, reclined lucidly on the black satin sheets, dressed in a red lace teddy which clung shamelessly to every curve of her body. Her hair tumbled in loose, raven-dark curls down her back and she smiled seductively at him as she slowly rose up onto her knees in the center of the bed. A small black travel case, and a bottle of champagne sat on the nightstand, sparking his curiosity into an inferno of anticipation. He stood frozen at the foot of the bed, staring at her as she drew both of her hands slowly across her lovely tits.
"So...," she asked coyly, a sexy, inviting smile curving the corners of her crimson lips, "do you still like to watch?"
His mouth was cotton-dry and his cock was rock-hard as he nodded in response. His eyes remained locked on her body, so blatantly displayed for him. She stared intensely into his eyes and parted her lips in a tiny soft sigh as she ran the palm of her left hand down her body, pressing it boldly between her thighs. She felt the dampness of her arousal seeping through the sheer fabric of her lingerie and gasped softly.
"Oh god..." he moaned, watching her excitedly touching herself. He settled into a plush armchair near the bed to enjoy the show. He eased his way out of his pants, releasing his thick cock and rubbing his thumb slowly around the swollen head. Shocks of pleasure jolted through his body and beads of precum glistened on his hard dick. She watched in fascination, licking her lips and wanting desperately to wrap her mouth around that tempting shaft.
"Mmmm...baby I love it when you stroke that cock for me." She purred, her fingers disappearing under the thin red lace of her teddy to pet her slick wet clit. The sight of him –overtaken by lust, with his hard-on gripped in his fist- made her incredibly hot and wet. As her hand teased her pussy, one thin shoulder strap slipped down her arm, exposing one of her full, firm tits. She cupped it in her hand and massaged it, gently pinching the hard little pink nipple. She intently watched his every movement as he stroked his thick cock harder, pumping it in and out of his clenched fist. She bowed her head slightly and began to suck and lick her nipple while sliding two of her tapered fingers deep into her wet little pussy.
"Oh god yeah...baby, let me see you finger that sweet little pussy." He moaned, his hand moving faster up and down his cock, using his thick slippery precum to lubricate it. She leaned back a little, giving him a gorgeous view between her legs as she stripped out of her teddy and knelt on the bed in front of him, her fingers eagerly fucking in and out of her little shaved pussy. She moaned and humped against her hand, making her tits bounce rhythmically. She laid down on her back, her legs shaking and her back arching as she feverishly fingered her pussy, and he knew that she was about to cum. She reached out with her free hand and pulled a sleek silver vibrator out of her travel case. She swiftly switched it on and pressed it against her clit, letting her moans and whimpers of pleasure fill the room. She pulled her fingers from her pussy and hungrily licked them, tasting the sweetness of her sex.
"I want that big hard cock in my mouth baby! Come over here and slide it down my throat!" She begged, and he obliged, approaching the bed with his cock still throbbing in his fist. He knelt next to her pretty face and gently rubbed the head of his cock across her lips. She slid her vibrator deep into the gripping tightness of her pussy, fucking herself hard and deep as she opened her mouth and began to lick and suck the head of his cock as he stroked his rigid shaft. He watched as her red lips wrapped tightly around his dick and she started to suck him hard, shoving him deeper and deeper down her throat. He moaned and pumped in and out of her mouth, reaching over to grope her inviting tits. He gazed down her body to watch her drive her buzzing vibrator into herself ruthlessly, the plastic shining and coated with her sweet juices. He placed his hands on the sides of her face and guided her head up and down on his cock, the vision of her bringing herself to orgasm was almost more than he could bear. He could feel a huge load of cum boiling deep in his balls. He fought the urge to shower the back of her throat with cum, and instead pulled his cock free of her skilled mouth and smiled down at her.
"Your turn, babe." He said, running his fingertips down her nude body. She grinned at him and made her way up the bed and sat on the headboard, her legs parted wide, beckoning his hungry mouth to the promised land of her glistening wet pussy. She reached over and grabbed the bottle of champagne and took a long sip straight from the bottle as he licked up and down her slit, stopping to suck gently at her clit. She moaned and whimpered with delight as he flicked his tongue rapidly across her ultra-sensitive little clit He glanced up at her and she grinned wickedly and slowly started pouring a trickle of champagne down her body. It ran in thin little rivers down her skin and straight into the welcoming folds of her pussy and onto his tongue. He eagerly lapped it up, pausing to thrust his tongue inside her tight hole. He took her vibrating toy in his hand and began to work it into her pussy as he shifted the focus of his sucking back to the hardened little bud of her clit, eagerly feasting on the continuous flow of sweet champagne cascading across the tingling flower of her pussy. She screamed in ecstasy as her body tensed and he knew that he was taking her over the edge of another orgasm. Instantly he pulled the vibrator from her spasming tunnel and pressed his mouth hard against her, driving his tongue as deep as he could and sucking hungrily, eager to taste her sticky sweet juices flooding his mouth. She gripped him tight against her, clamping her thighs around his head as she came hard, screaming his praises and begging for more.
As her orgasm slowly subsided, she eased him onto his back and straddled him. She smiled down at him and began to slowly gyrate her hips, sliding his hard and throbbing cock up and down across her clit.
"How bad do you want to fuck me, baby?" she asked, her voice a smoky purr as her body hovered above his. He was amazed. This sweet little thing that had once so shyly bared all to him over the internet, was now a hot blooded sex kitten lusting for his cock. He felt a further shock of arousal at the thought and positioned the head of his cock at her wet entrance.
"God damn, honey I want your pussy wrapped around my cock....I wanna pump it into you so hard..."he growled, rapidly losing all of his self control as he leaned up and bit her neck softly. She sighed happily, mercilessly teasing the head of his cock with her welcoming hole. He felt as if he was ready to explode right then and there.
"That's what I like to hear." She said with a smile and she dropped her weight on his cock, driving it to the hilt into her amazingly tight pussy in one thrust. He let out a cry of surprise as she immediately began to ride him hard. She slowly raised her self until his dick was nearly dropped from it's snug home, then slammed it back in, over and over. He grabbed her hips and pumped his cock into her, meeting her every thrust. She leaned down, laying her body against his, kissing him deeply as they fucked. He quickly rolled on top of her, never missing a thrust, and kissed her lovingly as he pounded her pussy deep and hard. He had one arm wrapped tightly around her, his hand buried in her soft dark hair, while his other hand roughly gripped her pale toned ass, his fingertips trailing around her tempting asshole. Their tongues hungrily massaged each other as their bodies thrashed together. He heard her whimper excitedly as he slipped one finger into her ass. He gripped her tightly and fucked her more urgently, feeling his impending orgasm building. He matched the pace of his cock in her pussy with the finger deep in her ass. She moaned and writhed beneath him, moving her lips down to the side of his neck, kissing and sucking tenderly. It was too much for him to bear and she felt his cock swell inside her.
"Oh fuck baby, I'm about to cum in your hot little pussy!" He panted, his body flexing and bucking against hers. She dragged her nails down his back, her back arching severely, forcing his twitching cock and thrusting fingers deeper into her holes. Her nipples hardened with excitement and she felt yet another orgasm wash over her body. She tossed her head back and screamed his name, and he felt the hot honey of her orgasm bathe his cock and her ass gripped his fingers as he lost all control and fiercely pounded his dick into her, shooting load after thick load deep in her supple little pussy. He moaned loud and buried his face in her hair as he drove his cock home one last time, emptying his aching balls into her.
They were both breathless when he reluctantly rolled off of her, kissing her softly and holding her in his arms. She laid her head on his chest and smiled contentedly, draping her arm across his body. He held her hand and lifted it to his lips, kissing it softly.
"Goodnight, doll." He whispered. She leaned over him and blew out the candles. She then kissed him sweetly on the mouth and smiled.
"Goodnight cutie. Get LOTS of rest, because you'll be needed ALL your energy tomorrow. He grinned, intrigued by what naughty ideas she had brewing in her lovely, filthy mind. They both drifted into a blissful sleep, comforted by the warmth of being in each others arms, and the possibilities the morning would bring.