SUSAN & EDWARD-GO TO PUNTA CANA CH. 05
Susan flirts at the Theatre and Edward benefits
NOTICE: Copyright © 2021 - This is an original work by EdwardKalb and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized any submission to any other site.
Author's Note: This is the continuation of the journey of a man and a woman trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In Part I, the experiences of a vacation to the Caribbean a year ago proved life-changing and marriage saving. The flame ignited in that trip began to burn a bit hotter each day since. Now this couple wants to explore new erotic adventures and see where this road takes them...
(This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you. These stories are based on my (real) life experiences)
If you haven't read the previous chapters, I'd suggest that you do so...
----------------
Edward and Susan actually decided to keep their reservations for dinner at the nice gourmet restaurant. They had a great meal and great conversation. The food, the service, the wine, and of course the romantic surroundings were top notch.
But it was Susan's performance in the Lobby earlier that remained in the forefront of Edward's thoughts. He felt a heightened level of love and lust for his wife that he hadn't felt in years.
Meanwhile, Susan's heart was still pounding from her earlier bravura in the Lobby. The experience was completely foreign, never dressing so sexy in public. To her own shamelessness, the combination of alcohol, her husband's wanting her to show herself off to other men, and her own newly discovered exhibitionistic tendencies had collided in a perfect storm.'Things may have gotten out of hand,'she thought.
Yet as Susan lowered her conservative wall and her inhibitions, a revelation had been discovered. She came to the realization that she too enjoyed other men's attention to her body. Her husband's insistence for her to dress provocatively may have not only released a hidden exhibitionist side to her, but a desire to be wanted.
But she simply did not have the courage to admit this vice to her husband. She convinced herself this should remain her secret. At least for now anyway.
After dinner, Edward and Susan rode the resort tram to catch the show at the Theater, which was located within the large resort complex. The Theatre was quite a distance from the gourmet restaurant, about a twelve-minute ride by tram.
The Theater had a roof but was open air on the sides and quite large. Although most of the seats were taken, Edward and Susan were able to find two great seats in the middle of the Theatre. People rose to allow them to slide to their seats. Susan smiled mischievously as she slid by; brushing against others, acutely aware that there was but a thin piece of material separating intimate parts of her body from strangers.
They barely made it to the seats when the house lights dimmed and the Cirque de Soleil type show started. The bright lights of the stage naturally focused everyone's attention to the performances. The show was actually quite good. The large crowd seemed to be enjoying the various acts consisting of amazing stunts and tricks.
Edward noticed the female performers, in particular, had costumes that were quite provocative. Very low cut tight-fitting tops and thong backs on the young ladies kept everyone's attention. He reached over to hold Susan's hand, but as he looked down, even in the dark, he noticed Susan's dress had ridden way up.
Susan really enjoyed the show as well, which served to bring some 'normalcy' to the night, taking her mind off her tawdry performance earlier in the Lobby Bar. However, that quickly changed when two very muscular black guys, in tight spandex, came onstage and performed a series of incredible strength moves.
She fidgeted and craned to get the best views of the action. And she could not help but notice the prominent bulges in the front giving a clear indication what each was packing.
Edward watched as his wife clearly was focused on the performance. He watched her reactions closely, trying to gauge her thoughts.
He looked down again. As she fidgeted and seemed distracted by the show, the dress had risen higher and was now barely covering Susan, her indecent exposure imminent. He knew she would be on display if anyone in the row in front of her, just an arms length away, would turn around. If they did, they would be treated to a perfect shot of Susan's neatly trimmed pencil-thin blonde-haired landing strip and smooth shaved pussy lips.
He placed his hand on his wife's lap and rubbed her leg, from her knee then all the way up to the top of her thighs. Susan did not object and seemed to remain focused on the movements of the two men on stage.
After several minutes, Edward decided to be even bolder. He once again moved his hand up her thighs, but this time instead of stopping, he continued straight to Susan's pussy. He felt his wife tense up as he stroked gently the soft spot centered between her legs. He found her mound very soft and smooth, evidence that she had shaved the area before they went out.
And still, she did not object; and she still did not adjust her dress.
Edward became even bolder. He worked his fingers from her outside lips towards her inside lips. He found her pussy to be extremely wet. Susan's excitement was obvious.
As he continued rubbing one or two fingers from her outer lips to her inner lips, he noticed her breathing becoming quicker and shallower. He then took one finger and pushed it inside her pussy, easily penetrating her sex. Susan shivered and let out a slight purr as Edward rhythmically stroked his wife, softly working his finger in and out.
All the while, Susan's eyes remained fixated on the two black guys on stage.
He always believed his wife had a thing for black men. She told him a few stories about black guys hitting on her. And now he wondered if those guys hitter on her were the product of outright subliminal messages she sent; her demeanor implying she was 'available.'
Not that it mattered to him. Everyone has a kink. But Susan always remained very private when it came to her sexual kinks. It was enlightening to watch this unfold.
He looked around. People to either side also remained focused on the show. However, anyone that chose to look would see what was happening right there in the center of this row, in the middle of a very crowded theater.
Edward kept alternating between rubbing his wife's upper thighs, then moving up to caress her pussy lips, to inserting one or two fingers into her pussy. By this time, Susan's dress had ridden so far up that Edward could even see her landing strip.
Unfortunately, or fortunately, the show came to a close and the house lights came on. Susan quickly pulled her dress down, both shaken and unsatisfied by the untimely timing.
As the performers took their curtain calls, she nonchalantly stood up, turned and gave Edward a long kiss. He felt the tip of her tongue lick slightly across his upper lip. He was ready to reciprocate when she expectantly broke away.
Instead, Susan nuzzled against Edward's neck and whispered, "Let's go back to our room. I am horny and want to fuck!"
This was not the prim and proper wife Edward knew. This was not the conservative PTSA woman from home. She NEVER said she wanted to 'FUCK!'
Edward affectionately touched the side of his wife's face with the back of his fingers and kissed her. Susan pulled her husband closer to her and kissed more deeply, their tongues swirling hungrily around each other's mouths.
On the tram ride home, Susan propped her heels on the seat in front. Without panties she suddenly felt the ultimate coolness of the night air directly flowing across her bare crotch. It tingled and felt fantastic.
The tram was about half full and stopped at various locations at this large resort to let people on or off. At one stop, an older fellow got on in the row in front facing Susan. Susan kept her heels on the bar, but closed her legs so her knees were touching.
Edward saw the old man checking out Susan's legs. He leaned in and whispered, "Don't stop. Go ahead...give the old man a show."
Her husband's words simply added fuel to her mischievous feelings. Strangely, Susan felt the need to show off and tease once again, her wanton desire overtaking the shy part of her. With a burning desire to give this man a little something to remember, she parted her knees slowly.
With utmost interest, Edward waited to see how far she'd go, and how the man would react.
As the man watched, his eyes grew wider with each passing street light that lit up the cab. Susan knew she was giving the old man a full view of her pussy every time they passed a street light. She immediately felt a thrill course through her body, emanating from her core.
As she looked back at the man's face, he grinned sheepishly. He nodded, not only acknowledging, but also offering thanks to Susan for his gift. At least now she didn't feel wrong for openly exposing herself. She couldn't resist smiling back and looking at him knowingly.
The tram continued moving, to the next stop. The old man smiled, nodded, rose from his seat, and said good night in a Spanish accent, then got off the tram.
As the tram started moving again, the cooling breeze once again tickled Susan's soaked pussy. Who knew that it could be such a turn-on teasing and flashing in public like this?
Meanwhile, Edward had a front-row seat to watch his wife's playfully brazen act. God was it exciting! He was witness to his wife transformation into a sexy vixen, one that he was proud to show off, and a woman that other men lusted after. And it was hot as hell!!!
He placed his hands between his wife's legs and moved them northward to her pussy. He could not believe how wet she was - absolutely dripping wet.
With the Tram rounding a turn, he inserted a finger. Susan let out a muffled purr and spread her legs even more. He played with her clit as his wife relaxed with her head back and eyes half closed, relishing the attention on her swollen sex.
It was incredibly erotic seeing his wife opening herself to him. Looking at her intently he then whispered, "You are the sexiest woman alive!"
Edward, grinning triumphantly as his fingers continued his assault on his wife's pussy.
Susan exhaled deeply, as her body began to quiver from her building orgasm - both from Edward's fingers as well as her subconscious lascivious thoughts.
Soon the tram reached their stop. Susan fixed her dress and Edward helped her out off the tram. Edward pulled his wife closer, his arms hugging her tightly. He kissed his wife again. As their tongues danced an erotic dance, Susan's mind and body were being overtaken by the reassuring love of her husband, and perhaps fueled by both the show and the excitement of the tram ride.
Even though Susan knew people could come by at any time, or may already be watching, she allowed her husband's hands to roam down her chest, resting on her left breast.
"So, tell me. What other surprise do you have for me next?" Edward asked as he playfully caressed her tit and flicked her nipple.
"Mmmmm..." she sighed into another kiss from her husband. Her entire body was on fire -- begging for, and in need of, immediate relief.
Edward moved down, leaving her mouth and kissing his way down his wife's chest until he was kneeling. He pushed up her dress and buried his tongue into her hole, and swirled around her clit. He sucked it gently into his mouth and could feel her shudder.
"Ohh, Yes..." Susan sighed again running her fingers though her husband's hair, relishing the attention from her husband's tongue and soft kisses.
Susan moaned as her husband's fingers gently touched and then circled her crotch. And when he did finally slide an exploratory finger into her sex, the pleasurable tingling was immediate.
Susan had completely forgotten they were in public. Another time, another place Susan would have stopped Edward. But not here, not now!
She looked up and saw a young couple across the street. The couple was watching and giggling. So engulfed in the moment, she had not noticed they were there. Strangely, she no longer cared who was watching and freely accepted her husband's finger finally entering her eager love tunnel.
Susan gasped when her husband's fingers found the mark, the intimate sensation allowing her pent-up arousal to now freely flow through her. She moaned involuntarily as one of his fingers then pressed against her clit, her body almost melting on his hand.
Edward found his wife's pussy oozing with her sex juices. Strangely, her body was reacting to being groped in front of an audience. His lubricated fingers easily glided in and out of her open pussy and along her clit, and his hands and fingers quickly became soaked.
As her intense arousal once more came to the forefront, her body tightened eagerly for release, her mind no longer worried about her shameless display.
She felt her breathing quicken and heat building deep within her loins as her husband's fingers orchestrated a dance around her pussy. Suddenly, a flood of images from her wanton display in the Lobby Bar began to play through her mind.
Edward withdrew his finger and brought it to his nose. He could smell the sweet musky scent of her arousal. "Why honey, you are so aroused!" he said in a teasing voice.
He moved his finger to his wife's lips. Susan opened her mouth and enthusiastically sucked his finger clean of her own juices while looking directly into his eyes.
"What's happening to me?" Susan asked.
"I don't know, but you are the sexiest and most satisfying woman I could have ever asked for. Lets just go to our bed. I too need to fuck!"
Susan looked down and saw Edward's trousers tenting from his erection.
"I'm glad you're enjoying yourself," she said coyly to her husband.
"I think we should go back to our room so we can take care of this," she teased as she reached out and began stroking Edward's cock over his trousers.
*************
Arriving at their building, they climbed the stairs to their 3rd Level room. Being the gentleman he is, Edward allowed Susan to go first up the stairs. As she climbed a few steps, he paused to admire his wife, her ass and pussy now on display as he was a few steps below her. His gentlemanly act provided an unexpected bonus.
Susan stopped at the open area at the end of the hall to take in the moonlit night. The moon cast a glow off the water and highlighted the waves.
Edward walked up behind and pressed against Susan's ass. Holding his wife tightly, they slowly moved to the rhythm of the sound of the waves. His hand followed her thighs to her pussy and again started finger fucking her in the hallway.
Susan heard someone down the hall, but she did not want Edward to stop. Instead, she started meeting each thrust of Edward's finger and turned her head to tongue kiss Edward. Edward's magic fingers played with her pussy and clit until Susan squealed and shuddered with the new rhythm of her orgasm.
They kissed deeply and Edward again told her how sexy she looked in her dress. With that, Susan playfully reached down and grabbed the hem of her dress pulling it slowly and seductively up until her pussy was exposed. Susan looked so seductively sexy.
Edward loved his wife's playful sexiness and pulled his pocket camera out and asked for permission to take a few photos.
Usually Susan shuts down those requests, but this time she actually continued and actually started posing, turning around showing off her ass, then again her pussy. Edward loved this and could not believe how seductive his wife was acting. He hoped no one would interrupt this, but at the same time he really hoped someone was watching. Once again, he craved for others to see his sexy wife.
Susan moved to their room entrance and posed seductively at the door. Then before opening the door, she pulled her dress up and over her head. She opened the door, tossed her dress into the room, and stood in the doorway completely naked except for her high heels.
Edward took in the glorious sight of his wife, and she looked to him. There was an eroticism in that moment; his sexy wife wearing nothing but high heels that added no modesty to her appearance, facing her husband, demanding him to take in the sight of her fully naked body.
Then Susan playfully ran to the bed to continue the photo shoot. She lay back, cocking her hips and moving her legs seductively providing glimpses of her pussy.
Edward continued taking photos until he could not stand the strain of his cock any longer. He threw down his camera, and frantically attempted to unbuckle his pants.
Susan saw this and quickly helped Edward out of his pants and unbuttoned his shirt. Keeping eye contact with him, she slowly let her tongue wash over the shaft of her husband's cock. She teased the sensitive underside of his mushroom head, before she opened her mouth and sucked his entire cock into her throat. She slid up and down nearly its entire length a few more times until she withdrew, laid back, spread her legs and, with a seductive look, invited Edward to fuck her.
Edward kneeled before his wife, who was now panting with anticipation. His pulsing hard cock was fully engorged and easily slipped into Susan's drenched pussy.
As he pumped long strokes, Edward noticed the turn down service did not close the draperies at the large triple sliding door. Everything was wide open. And while with the room lights on he could not see outside, he knew people could easily see in.
After a brief moment of panic, the thought of someone watching him fuck his wife once again aroused him. He tried to shake the thought from his mind and continued to plow his wife.
His orgasm came quick, unable to hold back and catching him by surprise. As he grunted and erupted, spurting his load into his wife's welcoming pussy, Susan gently whined and wrapped her legs around him.
The sex was quick, and missionary, just like she liked it. She pulled him to her, relishing the feeling of his body against hers. It felt so good feeling her husband's skin against hers, and gave her a feeling of comfort and protection. She relished and felt thankful for the love between them.
After catching his breath, Edward laid in bed cuddling his wife. He smiled to himself and wondered how many people had once again watched him fuck this incredibly sexy, beautiful woman lying in his arms.
The memories from the afternoon and evening were still fresh in his mind. The more Edward saw other guys noticing his wife; the more his desire to show off his wife grew even stronger - and provided the fuel for other, more sordid, fantasies.
With endorphins flowing freely, and without thinking, Edward blurted, "Did you notice several men checking you out today, and especially Stan?"
Susan blushed. She was still relishing in post-coital bliss and was not anticipating a discussion of her audacious actions.
She sighed, "You always think people are checking me out," trying to dismiss the thought of any attention on her.
But Edward was persistent. "That's because they are. I mean, I can't blame Stan, or any man for staring. You are an incredible and sexy woman. And I suspect with Janet's frumpy demeanor, he probably doesn't get much action at home."
"Edward!" Susan playfully slapped Edward before turning off the light.
Staring at the ceiling, Edward again asked, "So did you enjoy yourself today?"
"I guess...a little..."
To be continued...