Beforehand, I need to offer my gratitude to CIAOSTEVE, for his editorial skills and a lot more. Without his patience and suggestions this piece would have been non-publishable
Early April,
There I sat, on her porch, six weeks into our isolation, trying to make the best of this crisis. I was feeling mellow as our little 'happy hour' had led us to consume a bit more wine than we should have. It was late afternoon and thank God that it was only a mile drive down the gravel road.
Our neighbors from the adjoining ranch had fled the city and left for the country with their eighteen-year-old, seeking a safer environment.
I had not been intimate friends with Helen before the Covid-19 crisis, but being the only outlet for face-to-face contact, we often visited each other.
"Tell me about your first time," she blurted.
I was a bit taken back as she usually came across as very prim and proper. I leaned back feeling the buzz, closed my eyes, and thought back to that weekend thirty-some years ago when an 'older guy', probably in his early thirties, seduced me and took my cherry.
"It was beautiful," I told her, reminiscing about that day; it was spring break, and I met him at South Padre Island.
"He had a way with words... he was sweet... he lavished me with attention and never made a move against me until I asked him to. When it finally did happen, I was so primed that it felt natural, so easy, so meant to be. I didn't go through the trauma that many of my friends tell me about."
It was her turn to tell her story.
"I fumbled around with some kids early on," she told me, "but my best experience was with a married man that worked at the place where I did my summer internship. He swept me off my feet, and I spent a good part of my afternoons in his arms, learning the finer points of sex."
As we traded stories, her son walked in, plopped himself onto a couch in the corner, and started playing with his phone. He was a tall, good-looking college student who had headed home for spring break, unaware that it would turn into weeks, then months of isolation.
"Mathew, mind your manners and say hello to Anna," she told him, and I was treated to a 'Good evening Mam' that rudely reminded me that I was more than twice his age.
"How are you coping?" I asked.
"Shoot, thank God for the phone because I haven't seen my friends since school let out."
He leaned over to ask his mom something, smiled at me, then got up to leave. As he walked past me, I couldn't help but notice his tight little butt.
Helen must have seen the look on my face because she smiled.
"Quite handsome, isn't he?"
All I could do was to assent, a wine enhanced blush on my face.
She leaned over, still smiling, a mischievous glint in her eye.
"He is a bit shy, but perhaps a young man can benefit from an experienced woman as much as we did from older men."
The comment threw me for a loop. We had consumed way too much wine, but I must confess, the comment led to a sensation of butterflies between my thighs. As I headed home, my feral instincts must have taken over because I began to feel a glow in my belly as inappropriate thoughts flooded my mind. I shook my head, dispelling the very idea.
'Never mind,' I told myself, 'by tomorrow morning, a raging headache will replace your lust.'
However, this was not the case. Instead that night I had pleasant dreams and woke up thinking about nothing but our chat.
It took me a few days to gather my courage. I was tempted to call Helen, then would hesitate, but each day of this isolation increased my distress. I finally broke down and called her, still not quite sure about how I would handle the conversation.
My hesitation was unfounded as she was the one to bring up the subject,
"You think you have cabin fever! He has been pacing around the house like a caged lion. Can you imagine what his hormones are doing?"
"I'll be over early tomorrow morning," I told her, "this is something best we discuss face to face."
I took our Polaris Ranger next morning and headed down the road and invited her for a ride. We parked in a pretty bluff overlooking the river and had a heart to heart.
It was a beautiful South Texas spring day, not too hot, not too cold.
Again, I came armed with a bottle of chilled white as to ease the conversation, and we settled down and talked.
As a mother, she was concerned about his needs and felt that with her complicity I could concoct a plan to soothe them.
We took the opportunity to pick a bucket of dewberries, and as we foraged, I came up with the idea of baking a couple of dewberry pies and have her send him over to pick one up.
Well, she wholeheartedly agreed, and the plan was set.
I headed home and ignoring all the scratches from foraging the berries, I set about baking, and putting my plans in motion.
What first crossed my mind was the notion that this kid is less than half my age and has been dating girls even younger. How is he going to react to the body of a woman my age, plus the lockdown had taken a toll, I had not been to the hairdresser in months, nor had I indulged in a manicure or pedicure and my bush was overgrown.
I stood in front of a three way dressing mirror we have in our bedroom and did an honest evaluation. My face, well my face is my best asset; my eyes and lips are a frequent target of compliments. I have long lashes, and I have been told sexy eyes while my lips are full and pouty.
The rest of my face looks good for fifty and as I continue to scan downwards, my breasts are full. Not as perky as they once were but not a problem. My belly is flat, and I have a good waistline, the skin is pristine as I have never carried a child. My legs are not long but they are muscular and defined thanks to my past dancing. I needed enough primping to keep me busy for a couple of hours, so I got busy.
The last step was to get my bush prettied up and then decide what to wear. By then the pies were cooling so I just threw on a white terrycloth robe, a pair of high heeled slippers and very light makeup.
I was as ready, yet still had doubts, so I made the call. It seemed to take forever before she answered.
"Yes, it's me. It is all set up. Are you sure about this?"
"I am positive, Anna. Enjoy yourself and make sure the two of you have fun. I'll send him on his way."
She hung up. I could only imagine her follow-on conversation, as she asked Mathew to be as kind as to pick up a pie that Ms. Anna had baked for us.
I waited and soon heard the put-put of his ATV approaching. I had set the table on the porch, my chair positioned slightly higher and facing his so I might have a visual vantage point. I prepared some lemonade for him, poured a cup of Sancerre for myself, grapes, hummus, and chips for both, and waited.
He strolled in, seemingly oblivious to my plans. To set the tone of the visit, as soon as he arrived, I gave him a peck on the lips, grabbed his arms with my hands, and suggested he took a seat. As I encouraged him to sit, I made sure to brush my covered breasts against his arm.
I sat across from him and started a conversation, but due to our age difference, I could find little common ground, so I concentrated on small talk. The more we chatted, the more I crossed and uncrossed my legs, allowing my robe to ride a little higher each time.
I inquired about school, then tried to steer the conversation in a more personal way.
"Tell me about your girlfriend," I asked.
He became a bit evasive.
"Well, it's nothing serious. We have only been dating for a few months."
I pushed on, leaning forward to appear more attentive but really with the intention of allowing my gown to drape open and expose more pale skin.
"I was just curious," I added. "Do you miss her? At your age, it must be hard to be locked up with your parents for this long, and... you know... without company."
"Yes, it sucks. I came home for spring break, and then this Covid thing happened, and I have been a prisoner ever since."
His eyes were wandering. I could see that he was trying to get a better look down the front of my robe but being subtle about it. I gave him the opportunity, but it was obvious that this wouldn't go anywhere unless I became more brazen.
'He is eighteen,' I thought to myself. 'He can decide for himself. I am going for it.'
I stood, inches away from his face, took his hands in mine and motioned him to stand. As he did, I let the top of my gown fall open, naked breasts dangling free inside the soft fabric.
"I feel lonely at times too," I whispered, pulling him towards me as I gave him my best come fuck me smile.
He got it. Oh yes, he took the bait and his eyes shined. I looked up at him, my lips sensually parted in an open invitation. He didn't miss the opportunity. We kissed; our tongues intertwined. Our lips devoured each other hungrily. My gown now hung open at the top, my full breasts on display. I guided his face downwards and soon had him kissing and nibbling across my neck, my shoulders, and then towards my breasts, where my nipples stood like hard rocks awaiting him. He kneaded my breasts with fascination, and I dropped my first bomb.
"Suckle me."
He lost it, latching his mouth to my nipples, rolling them, sucking. Every touch sent shockwaves through my body, fueling excitement and desire in equal measures. I felt that squirming feeling between my thighs that made me squeeze my thighs together.
I had him, but I wanted so much more. I took him by the hand and walked him towards my bedroom, motioning to him to sit on a dressing stool I had on one side. I took a seat on the edge of the bed, facing him. The gown was now no more than a hindrance, so I let it fall off my shoulders, soft fabric piled over my legs, keeping my womanly sex out of sight for now. I reached forward and unbuttoned his shirt, marveling at his muscular build as it fell open. His belt was next. He took me by surprise, standing without being asked. I drew down his shorts to see a wet stain on his briefs overlying what looked like a very nice cock. I looked up into his eyes as I pulled them off, but my focus soon shifted to a magnificent rod, hard as steel, throbbing in my face.
"My God you look so beautiful" I said as I sought the source of his wetness to find that lo and behold, the young man was uncircumcised. My interest increased another notch—I was like a girl with a new toy having spent years enjoying hubby's circumcised cock—and I found myself toying with his foreskin, easing it back and forth over his shiny glistening head.
Holding his cock in one hand, I leaned forward and placed a kiss on his exposed head. Pushing my tongue forward, I flicked the tip across his engorged head, feeling him twitch with my every touch. Without warning, I felt a string of wetness seep out, the saltiness of pre-cum exciting my tastebuds. By the time I slipped my Dewberry-stained hand around his balls, the knot behind his sac was throbbing as if he was about to cum.
If my attention was getting him all hot and bothered, you cannot fathom the effect the young man was having on me. I could feel the ache down below, that tell-tale tingle of desire. I didn't have to look to know that I was swollen and wet, and I wanted him to see just how aroused he had made me. I gasped as he slid his fingers down my belly towards my hidden sex. I mentally urged him onwards as he slid his fingers beneath the half-discarded gown. The moment he caressed my mound, his expression changed.
"Yes, I have hair," I told him.
This comment led to a jolt, he stopped for a few seconds then began to fondle me. Wanting to exploit his curiosity, I leaned backward and spread my thighs, pulling open the remainder of the gown, giving him a full view of my pussy. He was treated to a halo of moist hairs, framing my engorged and now glistening lips. I could feel the entrance to my pussy rhythmically contracting, beckoning as an invitation to invade.
All the time, I had continued to hold his huge manhood, stroking from time to time as I felt his excitement build inside. He leaned over to kiss me. His quick breathing was a bit of a giveaway. I knew he was about to lose it, and I was not going to miss the opportunity to have him spill himself inside me. Surprising him, I pulled back from his attempted kiss.
"Come here! Come here now!" I told him as I shuffled my ass towards the edge of the bed and, with one hand, guided his manhood towards my pink funnel.
I held my breath, anticipating the feeling of his youthful manhood as he inched towards my engorged lips. I gasped as our bodies met, his shiny head nestling up against my moist pussy. Easing back his foreskin, I worked his head between my soft folds and placed him at my entrance. Lifting my hips slightly I released my grip on his cock and placed my hands on his waist. I waited, hoping, longing to feel him slip inside.
"Yes," I screamed as, in one firm movement, he leant forward and sank his cock into me.
My wet folds engulfed him, feeling every inch of his girth fill me out. I didn't wait for him to fuck me yet, but simply held him there, enjoying the sensation of fullness. Slowly, maybe subconsciously, I eased my hips back and forth, letting my pussy walls work his shaft. I listened to his every sound, how his breathing was quickening again, a soft moan leaving his lips as I continued to caress his manhood. And then I said it.
"Do you want me to be your other mommy?"
For a moment there was silence as he pondered what I had said. I took my hand off his waist and waited. It didn't take long to feel his answer, as he pulled off then thrust hard into my sodden sex. I moaned myself as he started to pound excitedly at my pussy. Within seconds his eyes had gone wide, his back arched and he stiffened. One moan, one final thrust, as deeply as he could, and then I felt it, his seed flooding my waiting pussy. It was all I needed to push myself to the peak of that rollercoaster, before suddenly dropping me to rise and fall in waves till I collapsed into a sweaty, breathless mass.
We lay there, spent, sweaty, in a state of post-coital bliss for a while. Once our breathing normalized, we recovered from the intensity of this first encounter. We both dressed again. I led him back through the kitchen, picking up a Dewberry pie on the way, and out onto the porch. He stood there, staring back at me, a muddled look on his face as if contemplating just what had happened and what he should say next. I didn't leave him pondering too long. With warmth still inside, and a flow of juices seeping down my leg, I smiled back at him saying.
"Go now. You are expected at home, with this pie... but I would love for you to visit again."
He nodded in agreement, not saying a word. I gave him a peck, a hug, and he left with a brisk spring to his gait.
I spoke with his mom the next morning and told her that she should be proud, and that I would love to be his mentor. That was the start of his education.
***********************
Two days later Yesterday afternoon, his mom and I conspired on the next step. As she was unaware of my husband's complicity in my sex life, I told her that he would be away. Perhaps it's time to digress, so you may better understand our relationship. I have been married for twenty years to a wonderful man, twenty-five years my senior, and twice divorced before we met. We are madly in love with each other. Yet, early in our relationship, we realized that neither of us was equipped to deal with monogamy, and being acceptant of each other's needs was critical for our relationship's success. We had shared a little one-to-one private ceremony, and in our vows, we promised to be emotionally faithful to each other but to leave a door open to explore our sexual needs outside the marriage. It worked for us, and here we are twenty years later, we remain together, and although his age and diabetes have taken a toll on our sex life, we still indulge in what we call 'domestic sex.'
Back to my narrative, she was to tell him he needed to blow off some steam and why not go out on his bike. When she phoned me the following morning, there was an exciting edge to her voice. She told me he couldn't have been more eager, how he had said that it was a great idea, that he needed the exercise, and hauled his ass quickly out the door. I went back to working in the garden, hoping his eagerness would lead him to cycle my way. He didn't disappoint. I greeted him dressed in a blouse and shorts. The days were getting warmer, and I felt scuzzy and sweaty. I invited him to sit and share some tea, but he had come on a mission and made that very clear by the way he looked at me. We were way past pretenses, so I walked him to the bathroom, turning the shower on as we entered. As he stood there, I undressed in front of him, teasingly removing my blouse, shorts, and knickers until I stood naked in front of him. Just as I disappeared behind the shower door and into the misty waters, I turned back to the lad and smiled.
"Aren't you going to join me then?" Moments later, I was no longer alone. We kissed, hugged, laughed, and soaped each other, and soon I found myself holding a steel bar again. Today, I would take my time and thoroughly enjoy that beautiful cock that nature had blessed him with. I grasped him only to find I could not get my hand completely around it, peeled his foreskin back as to admire his shiny, smooth engorged head with a stream of viscid fluid oozing from his pee hole.
"You should be so proud," I whispered as I looked deep into his eyes. Slowly I knelt. Torrents of warm water cascaded over my neck and shoulders as I lowered my lips towards him and fondled his sack with my other hand. I began to work on him, bent on the idea that I would give him the best oral experience he had ever felt. I licked his shaft, kept him wet while my lips surrounded him, urging him, and my hand felt his sack contracting, then rippling with a life of its own.
I did my best, nibbling at the bottom of his knob, licking, sucking till I felt him tense, then stopping. I would wait until he calmed down and then resume my efforts. I kept him at the brink until I saw a pleading look in his eyes, the young lad breathing deeply as I tormented him. I redoubled my endeavors, and the lad took it as his cue. He began to thrust, practically fucking my mouth as I knelt there. I tried to take him in completely, feeling his head nudge against the back of my mouth.
Still, I sucked at his cock, working him with my lips as he continued to work his head in and out. I felt his balls contract, his shaft jerk, and then the inevitable. I swallowed as best I could as he flooded my mouth with a torrential amount of warm young sperm. He fell back spent, and as he caught his breath, he said to me, "You swallowed it! You swallowed every drop! None of my girlfriends have done that."
And then I sat between his knees with my 'the cat that got the cream.' look on my face. If he thought that was it, a quick blow job, then a ride back home, I had other ideas. Dried, I took hold of his now limp cock and, using it as a handle, guided him to the bedroom. I climbed up onto the bed, rolled on my back, and smiled. "My turn now!" He confessed his curiosity and fascination for my furry pussy, and I was more than eager for him to explore to his heart's content.
All he needed was the right encouragement. "I'm all yours. Do anything you wish," I whispered to him, pouting my lips seductively and spreading my thighs. He was like a kid with a new toy. He gazed at me, played with my lips, eased my folds apart, slid two fingers in me. I took his hands in mine and guided his fingers to that magic spot. I encouraged him, and he began to massage my magic spot till he must have felt me tighten, then loosen, tighten once more. I had taken his hand in both of mine and was thrusting with desperation when I arched my back, gasping, screaming, exploding, and squirting like a fountain. He looked bewildered, then caught on and became so proud of himself!
A welcome result of his efforts other than the mind-blowing orgasm was that his member stood again at full attention. He rolled me onto my belly and nibbled my neck, shoulders, and back, working himself down my body, making me squirm against the mattress. He bit my buttocks, spread me, and started lapping at everything, snuck his tongue into my behind, and had me panting and wanting more. I wanted more, I needed release. I shuffled up on the bed to position myself, shifted onto my knees with my chest against the mattress, spread, rotated my pelvis to make myself more accessible, and gripped the sheets with both hands. Glancing back, I admired his once again erect cock and felt the tingle of desire flood through my body. I thought I would encourage him further and did so by blurting. "Your new mommy wants you inside her."
This must-have triggered an urge within him. He gripped my buttocks and spread them, exposing my glistening pink funnel framed by that halo of dark hairs. He plunged into me, I swear up to my navel and began to pummel me as if possessed by an inner demon. He was acting as a stallion and I as a mare in heat when I dropped my next bomb. "Your mommy wants you to cum inside her." Gripping my hips harder, he strove to reach my deepest crevices and began to empty himself inside me as I simultaneously let go screaming, "Yes baby, yes baby. Cum inside your mommy like that" The mommy card worked very successfully but was something we swore to secrecy.
************************
Long days go by. I was looking forward to seeing him again, yet Saturday and Sunday kept him busy with family plans, so it wasn't till Monday when I gave Helen a much-edited version of the events. I told her that he was potentially a great lover, to which she replied that his demeanor had improved considerably over the last few days and that he was even volunteering for outside work. Once both her husband and mine had left for work, and with her complete complicity, I texted him. It read, simply, 'Baby?' And he soon responded, 'Mommy?' I got prettied up, picked a sheer, black gown and matching panties that had cost me a fortune on Agent Provocateur. I had never had the opportunity to show them off before. Suitably dressed, I waited for his arrival.
We sat in the kitchen, where I coaxed him into sharing a cup of white wine and began to chat. Before long, we were making out and, in minutes, I had him by the hand, trailing him towards my bed. I assumed that being the experienced one in the room, I would take control, never suspecting this kid was both inquisitive and had a dominant streak. He had come a long way and had developed into a great kisser. He was also very tactile and loved to explore. We kissed, long, slow deep kisses with our tongues intertwined. He ran his hands down my breasts, my belly, and my thighs. Slowly, he inched the hem of my gown upwards, fingers tracing lines up my thighs as my black panties came into view. He cupped me and began an intense massage, rolling my mound with the flat of his hands through the skimpy fabric. It was not difficult to read me. My skin flushed, my nostrils flared, a sheen of sweat formed on my upper lip. My nipples were painfully erect, and I ground back against his hand.
I felt him pry at the elastic of my panties and gasped as two fingers slid inside. Almost instantly, as he swirled his fingertips inside my sex, he had me panting and begging. My gown came off at some point, my undies too. Mathew rolled me over and started working the back of my neck, my shoulders. He kissed his way down and began to nibble at the back of my thighs and cheeks. I felt his hand prying at my ass cheeks, pulling them apart. Then a finger nudged against my rosebud, and I tensed. It wasn't what I had in mind. It's not that I hadn't tried. It's just that... well... it's just that it was awkward and didn't set the world on fire. I'd experimented and put that one back in its box, yet now I had a decision to make. Should I go with the flow and see where it took us, even if it wasn't what I had planned, or should I insist I have my way. My mind told me the latter, but the way my body was reacting told me something else
'Damn, why do I let it do this to me?' I thought to myself, as I felt his mouth return to my ass, his tongue probing between my full cheeks. My heart was pounding at the thought, not the notion of anal sex, but at the idea of relinquishing my control. For sure he was man enough to simply hold me there and force himself on me, yet there was something so gentle about his manner, so understanding, so appreciative, so... exciting.
Mathew asked me to be still, to relax, that this is something he had been dreaming about. He returned to kneading my buttocks. I had a choice to make. Should I follow my mind or my heart. Actions told of my answer. I complied, relaxing to his firm yet tender touch. There was no resistance as Mathew spread my cheeks a second time and began to lick. Up, down, around, he was pushing boundaries. He began to concentrate on my bud, rimming my tight opening with his tongue, a constant pressure against my puckered hole. I held back a soft moan. The licking and kissing felt good, and I soon found myself getting all excited down below. I could feel the dampness in my pussy as he worked at my rosebud, and I was sure it was more my juices than his.
I gasped as he pushed the tip of his tongue against my clenched hole, seeking access. It didn't hurt, it's just... well, it felt unnatural. He persisted and, more for his benefit than mine, I bore down, relaxing my sphincter as much as I could. This time I gasped as his tongue slipped in. I had submitted.
He moved his tongue in and out of my rosebud, his movements both firm and gentle at the same time. I could feel myself relax, accepting his invading tongue, and before long I began to enjoy myself, eyes closed as I felt him pleasure me.
I didn't mind, when he moved on. The tip of a finger came next. Already relaxed, and slick from his tonguing, the tip slid easily up inside. There was no pain, no discomfort, just a feeling of fullness in my back passage. He let it sit there, then moved it in little circles. The sensation was divine and soon I was breathing hard.
I took a second finger and felt him gradually working both in and out, stretching slightly as he went. There was a tingle in my sex, an aching excitement, as my senses flickered into life. In my mind I longed for him to continue, to work those fingers in and out of my back passage, to fuel the fire which was building deep inside. There was even a touch of disappointment when he removed his fingers. I was desperate for more but all I got was a sudden emptiness down below and the chill of air against my wet rosebud. I glanced back, just in time to see him position himself.
'Oh, god,' I thought to myself, a pressure back against my rear passage. My heart was pounding once more. I didn't need to look to know what was on his mind. All I could think about though was his size. In my pussy he was divine, but in my ass? Could I even take his girth? He had knelt behind me and put his tip at my entrance. I felt him lean in slightly, his hard shaft pushing his head up against my slick opening. Even in my relaxed state he was stretching me wide, a strain now in my sphincter as he pushed forwards.
"Wait, wait, there is some lube on my bedside table" I told him He nodded, pulled back for a moment, returning with a handful of lube. I felt his finger back at my anus, slipping in easily as he coated my opening. What remained of the lube coated his cock.
My past attempts at anal sex had been awkward, a lot of fumbling, misses, and difficulty, but this kid was determined and also stiff, eager, ready.
"Gently," I mouthed back at him, "Be gentle" an apprehensive smile on my face.
Mathew positioned himself between my legs once more and I felt his head up against my opening. I lifted a bit, trying to give a better angle. He slipped a pillow under my belly. Eyes closed, I spread my arms, gripped the sheets, and resigned myself. Steadily, he applied pressure. I asked him not to rush, to keep still, that I would help as I bore down. There was some discomfort as his head stretched me wide. It seemed to go on forever, his head pushing wider and wider at my opening. I was panting hard, yet, wondering if it was just too big.
I asked him to stop while I took a deep breath, then relaxed, and bore down again. I gasped as finally, just when I felt I could take no more, his head pushed past my sphincter.
The rest of his shaft now slid in slowly but effortlessly, maybe only an inch at a time, Skewering me to the mattress. I swear I could feel him halfway up my back. The feeling was so different. If his finger had made me feel full, then his huge cock had me feeling stuffed. My breathing shallow as I got used to the invader.
I adjusted to his huge manhood pushing tight at my inner most walls. It was strange but pleasurable. I could feel the warmth building inside as he rocked against my ass. Before long, the rhythm picked up, longer faster strokes in and out of my ass. I was gasping against each thrust, a definite fire now deep in my loins. He slid his hand below us and began to rub my clit. I didn't want to prolong this for fear of becoming sore, so I spurred him on, and as to force him, I screamed. "Yes, yes, your mommy likes it like this." The effect was immediate. He pumped hard against my opening, at the same time his fingers working magic on my clit. I could feel myself clamping down, pulses of excitement rippling out from inside, when he grunted and leaned into my ass. I screamed as I came, my euphoria multiplied by the sensation of his manly seed as he emptied himself into my bowels, a feeling of warmth spreading deep inside.
As we lay recuperating, my ass gaping and oozing cum, everything felt good, meant to be. My ass had been owned by him. I thought about my husband. He had never gotten away with anal sex but was now in for a rude awakening when I tried to explain how I had found a new outlet.
The following weekend,
It was a beautiful day in South Texas. I was with my husband, basking on a pool chair, lying face up, bare ass naked, letting the sun warm my skin. I let my knees fall apart, and the heat on my belly and thighs felt good. It got me thinking about the events of the past two weeks.
I needed some sunscreen and was going to ask Paul when a thought hit me. 'Hell no, I would rather the kid do it!'
With a mischievous look in my eye, I told Paul I was going to text him. We didn't keep secrets, and Paul knew full well that I had been seeing the kid.
'Your new mommy needs you,' I wrote, then hit send.
Not two minutes later, I got a response.
'On my way,' I read.
I went into the poolside storage box to get the sunscreen and, among other things, found a travel size bottle of silicone-based waterproof lube.
This kid had managed to please me anally. There was something about the kid, his size, his stiffness, his enthusiasm. I am not quite sure what it was, but that made it not only more comfortable, but very pleasurable.
I asked Paul to make himself invisible. I would stay by the pool and he was welcome to watch me from the upstairs window. He just shook his head.
"You are incorrigible," he responded.
I decided to tease him further, so I continued.
"Could you put a little lube on me, just in case?"
'Just in case' meant that I was 100% sure he would have me skewered before long. I rolled on my side, handed him the bottle, and let myself go as he spread the cream over my lips, and then surprised him with my next request.
"Put a bit in my behind."
At first, he looked bewildered, but having heard about his previous visit he spread the cream around my anus, and then with the tip of his finger, made sure it reached deeply inside. Between the massage and the waiting, I became quite aroused.
Paul left to take position at his observation post, whereas I lay down and let my mind wander. There was something about this young man. Oh yes, he certainly aroused me, but that wasn't it. The something was the emptiness I felt when he wasn't around, an emptiness not only in my pussy but now also in my bowels. I remember the feeling of joy, of thankfulness when he finally penetrated me, dilated me and especially when I felt his seed, spurt and bathe my innermost cavity. Now I longed for him to be with me again. I knew my husband would understand—with the age gap he struggled to keep up with the pace these days—and to be honest I suspected he would get off at the idea of watching.
Their ranch must be a mile and a half away, and Mathew didn't have a car; however, not fifteen minutes had gone by when he rode in on his bike. I glanced up nonchalantly at the window. Paul was already there, strategically positioned on the second floor with a great view over the pool. I winked up at him. Whether he noticed or not, I couldn't tell, but now I was going to give him a show which he wouldn't be able to miss.
I was lying on the lounge. No preliminaries were expected, and none taken. Mathew left a trail of clothes as he strode purposefully towards me. He had developed a fascination for oral sex, but when he attempted to dive in, I shook my head. He looked at me questioningly, so I took his hand and guided him towards my ass. A look of understanding came over his face.
"Mommy wants you inside her," I said. "Mommy wants you inside that place that only you are allowed," I continued.
I took the lube, eased his foreskin back, and applied a layer around his head. It made him even smoother.
"Roll over," he whispered.
The chaise lounge wasn't the most comfortable, but I rolled over onto my side and lifted one knee up towards my waist, wriggling back a little, pressing myself into him.
With one hand, he spread my cheeks. I could feel his hard cock nudge up against my sex.I reached back and took hold of his shaft, butterflies suddenly running through my stomach at the thought of giving my ass to him once more and doing it willingly. I turned my head towards him and pouted. As we kissed, I placed his cock up against my back entrance, making sure his lubricated head was exposed.
"Do it," I whispered. "Fill me up like the other night."
He pushed a bit and I pushed back. Whether I was more relaxed, or more prepared, I wasn't sure, but this time it was so much easier. There was no pained moan as he penetrated my dark passage, nor any thought about delaying the inevitable. Not only was it exciting but knowing that Paul was watching him take me where he wasn't allowed, made it naughty as well. There was only one problem; this damn lounger was most uncomfortable and didn't allow him to go fully inside... and really did I want him deep inside.
The discomfort was just too much, and I mean my back, not the feeling of his cock up inside my ass. There was only one thing for it.
"The pool," I whispered to him, "in the pool."
With that, I waded towards the shallow end, stood and flashed an inviting smile'
Our lips locked in a most passionate embrace, tongues entwining as we kissed. Oh yes, I loved my young lover and his well-toned body. Any other day, I'd have him ram his cock up my pussy as I clung on to his muscular torso, but today I had promised myself something else.
"Take me, Matt. Take my ass with that beautiful cock of yours."
I clamped my arms and legs around him, as he shuffled towards edge at the shallow end. Then it dawned on me that there were more than the two of us. I had to consider my voyeur and the view he would get. I so wanted him to read my every expression as my lover took me. I spun around bending over the ledge.
A quick glance up at the window told me that my audience was still there. Another glance, this time over my shoulder, made sure that my lover understood what I wanted.
"What are you waiting for?" I whispered back at him, in a gesture of come and get it.
I didn't have to ask twice. I soon felt the tip of his cock pressing hard against me as he stood behind me. He grabbed my ass and pulled my cheeks apart again. I held my breath, waiting for him to plunge deep inside. His tip nudged at my rosebud, then a little pressure as he leant into me, then... yes, a gasp as pushed through my well lubricated sphincter. (Yes, I had to remember to order a large tube of this stuff.) Once more, he was buried back inside. Once more I glanced back up at the window, a knowing 'I'm about to get fucked' look on my face.
I could feel his strong hands on my hips and his rock hard cock up my backside. I wanted to work him in and out but sandwiched between the edge of the pool and his manly body, I was at his mercy. He could take me long and slow, or hard and fast, whatever took his fancy. I was preparing myself for the latter, when my body shivered with the most exquisite of movements. He would withdraw till I was about to lose him and then plunge deep back inside, spearing my ass in a single slow movement. Then he would churn in circles like he was stirring my insides with a wooden spoon and would begin the cycle again.
I must have cum twice before I felt him stiffen, grip my shoulders, push himself halfway up to my chest and begin to spurt.
Wow, this kid was a blessing. We left the pool, sat on the pool lounge, and chatted. Before long, he was hard again. It was my turn to play a little. I just couldn't resist getting my mouth around that cock of his, and I knew he couldn't resist when I did. I licked and sucked his penis, twirled my tongue around the knob, played with the foreskin—even now an uncircumcised cock is something rather fascinating to me—and gradually worked him into a fervor. By the time I brought his balls into play, squeezing gently as I worked his cock in my mouth, pressing on that hard knot behind his balls. I got just what I wanted, a mouthful of salty cum. Teasingly I held it there , looked him in the face and swallowed.
It was the perfect ending before I sent the young man on his way home.
As I texted his mom to say he was on his way back, I signaled to my husband, who ran down from his viewpoint. Needless to say, he was sporting his own hard cock, and needless to say he found his way into my as yet unused hole. One more orgasm and one more creamy load.
It was a lovely Saturday afternoon.
***********************
The next weeks,
This kid had made my isolation not only bearable but most enjoyable. However, I still felt guilty because my husband did not share the fun and had no outlet for his own frustrations.
On Sunday and Monday, I texted with the kid sporadically; he had tests online that week, which kept him away and busy.
Wednesday morning, he began to text back, wanting to visit. He told me he had been dreaming of me all night, that he had not cum since Saturday and had a bad case of blue balls.
'Perfect,' I thought to myself, 'a young guy with a pair of swollen, full balls... mmmmm... all for me.'
I was in a mischievous mood, so I came up with a plan to keep my husband entertained. I sat the heavy chair from our bedroom in front of our three-way mirror and adjusted it, so each panel gave a different view.
I hadn't enquired about this kid's kinks, so I would have to investigate the effect of lingerie. I chose a gorgeous black lace with red trim bustier-the pervert of my husband had mail ordered it for me—and a set of thigh high stockings with a matching garter belt and closed high held shoes. I mulled about wearing a pair of lace panties that go with it, and decided, yes. It would prolong the tease and his anticipation.
ETA was four PM, which was good because it would still be light. I raised the blinds to have a brightly lit bedroom.
3:30 PM, and I went through my ritual of getting ready. As I brushed my bush and put some musk on my inner thighs, I found that the preparations had made me wet. I wanted to be very aroused, so my physical changes would be undeniable. I wanted him to get a thorough look at me. I glanced down at my now puffy lips, the sheen of arousal seeping out from within. Easing them apart, my clit was swollen and sensitive. It took all my willpower not to play for a while, but that joy was going to be his.
I waited for him on the deck again. I put on a robe over everything, in order to keep it hidden till I sprung my trap. I had a gin and tonic as I waited; a small amount of alcohol dulls the minor guilt I might have felt for using his young body.
When he arrived, we skipped the niceties. We both knew why he was here. I walked him straight to the bedroom where I sat him in the chair. He had on a pair of shorts that hardly hid his hard-on and a polo shirt.
I stood, looked at him, and then dropped my robe. The silky fabric tumbled to the floor and I transformed from elegant housewife to seductress as the red and black bustier came into view.
Bingo! The look on his face said everything. This was going to work.
I put my foot on his lap and asked him to take off my shoes and peel down my stockings, making sure he could see the glistening on my thighs, then turned my back and asked him to unhook the bustier. I made him undress me little by little. I'd tease him by letting the weight of my breasts caress his face. Lastly, I asked him to pull down my panties and made every effort to lift my knees, treating him to a very inviting sight.
As I looked down, I saw myself dripping, swollen, my outer lips were now large and puffy, yet my inner lips and clit were so engorged that they protruded.
Yes, I was primed!
I ordered him to undress, and it took him about five seconds to do so. I sat him down again and took in that beautiful sight of a hard young body, his cock standing up like a tent pole.
I knelt, kissed his face, neck, and chest. I worked myself down his belly and groin, then took that magnificent thing in my hands, eased back his foreskin, and began to lick his precum as I held his balls.
I was eager!
He was ready! No time to waste.
"I want us to watch ourselves," I told him.
We had felt, we had listened, we had smelled ourselves having sex, but this time it was to be very visual.
I stood over him, both of us facing the mirror, making sure he had a good view, lifted my foot, and placed it on the chair. He got a full view of my pussy, so ripe for sex, hovering above his cock.
I eased his foreskin back again, spread my lips, and winked at him. "Watch!" I said, as I placed him at my entrance and began to tease him by rubbing his head across my opening. Then slowly, inexorably, I sank down on his hard shaft, all the way until he bottomed out.
Oh god, it felt as if he had reached my navel. Then, just as slowly as I had taken him, I leaned back and withdrew him again.
We were both enthralled by the sight of his wet shaft pushing my pink lips in and then his mushroom-like head drawing them out on the outstroke. It looked like he was turning me inside out. The wet sounds, the queefing, and the smell of sex soon permeated the room. The feeling was so intense that before long we just got lost in the moment, dancing together with me impaled in his manhood.
I wanted to feel him deeper, so I climbed on the bed and presented myself on my knees, chest against the mattress, hands gripping the sheets. In this position I could return his thrusts, while he could reach my deepest crevices and could fill me to the fullest. Before long he found the spot and I was soon pleading,
"There... right there... don't stop, don't you fucking stop," as I began to climb that peak towards my summit.
He was panting as he pummeled my sodden sex, I felt that this was not to be a simple orgasm, my entire body and my emotions were stoked. It rose in waves and as I reached the brink I begged him to empty himself. The final straw came as he groaned and thrust deeply. I felt his cockhead slip past my cervix and lodge in my deepest recess. Our floodgates opened in unison, His scream joined my whimpering, when his warm seed flooded my insides as I was engulfed in a physical and emotional whirlpool. We fell to our side, him sweaty, catching his breath, while as if by some deep rooted instinct my walls had enveloped him and were milking him relentlessly. The after play was sweet, whispers, gentle kisses and caresses, we hugged, we got lost into each other's eyes and yes, the shear intensity of what had transpired led me to a state of profound contentment. By 6:00 O'clock in the evening, I returned a spent, exhausted young man home to replenish himself for the next visit. As I lay in bed, also exhausted, happy, stretched, and flowing, in walked my husband, unsurprisingly hard from watching our show on the baby camera he had camouflaged over the mirror.
He took one look at my distended cavity, a pool of seed glistening deep inside and before long he was on his knees adoring and worshiping me. He kissed, nuzzled, lapped with abandonment, then looked up, smiled and whispered to me,
"I love you. I love you so much, and more so when you fuel my fantasies."
When satiated it was his turn to re-claim me, making love to me in a gentle, caring way.
All good things must come to an end, Oh no! I just heard that his virtual classes had ended, and his College was to begin on-campus activities. I had been looking forward to enjoying this young man and reaping the fruits of my lessons. Sigh, all good things must come to an end, but I enjoyed myself while it lasted. We met a few times before he left, but the mood was a lot more subdued. It was a bittersweet experience as we had developed, at the least, a fondness for each other. As we parted, he couldn't have been more effusive and made his departure more palatable by telling me that it had been the best few weeks of his life and that he would never, ever, forget me. "Goodbye, Mathew. I also feel I have much to remember you by."
Little did I know at the time how true those words were, but a few weeks later I soon realized. Oh my God, I was two weeks late...