Mary Beth sat on the old couch in the living room of her mother's house. She was turned sideways with her hands together on the back of the couch and her chin resting on her hands. Her eyes were sweeping the rain soaked front yard and the narrow two lane black top road beyond that. Everything was wet to the point of being soggy. It had rained every day since she had been home or so it seemed.
She tried to remember if it had ever rained while she had been in Iraq. She couldn't remember that it had. Nine months of sun and sand were all she remembered. She tried to keep her mind away from the explosion that had shortened her left leg by an inch but she couldn't stop the memories of the sudden flash and loud bang and the searing pain.
Turning away from the window, she stood up and shook her head trying to clear the memories away. The old clock on the mantel chimed noon and she walked over to look at it. Her built up shoe made a different sound from the other on the hardwood floor. She frowned at the reminder and turned toward the kitchen.
Her mother and sister were gone to town and she was home alone. She had stayed at home to have some alone time or at least that's what she had told her mother. Actually, after being in the Army for five years, her mother and sister got on her nerves with their constant chatter and arguing. They had put her out under a medical discharge but she was contesting it.
It was lunchtime but she wasn't hungry. Her appetite had gone somewhere and forgot to come back. Lack of exercise, her mind said as she walked to the back door and looked out. The backyard was just as soggy as the front and the skies were just as gray and cloudy. The old barn even looked grayer than normal.
With the front door open, there was a nice cool breeze blowing in the back door. She opened the screen and stepped out onto the covered back porch. It was even cooler out here, she thought as she felt her nipples harden under her t-shirt. She didn't have a bra on, which was normal when she was out of uniform. You have to have boobs before you need a bra, she thought with a grin.
Her mother always frowned and looked at her hard whenever she said that out loud. It was always her answer when her mother got onto her about not wearing a bra. Her mother and her sister both had large full breasts so they had to wear a bra or so mother always said.
Mary Beth grinned as she raised her shirt up over her chest and bared her breasts to the cool wind. She shivered and turned slightly so the breeze angled across her chest and teased her rock hard nipples. She shivered again from the tingle in her nipples and then there was a loud bang.
She was on her face before she knew it and scuttled sideways over to the rail and tried to hide behind the two by four at the bottom of the rail and the double four by four post at the end of it. Her heart was pounding and she was breathing short and fast. She could feel her nipples rubbing on the damp painted wood floor as she peeked around the side of the post.
There was no one and nothing in sight except the barn. Then she noticed the hayloft loading door swinging out a short ways and then back in. She shivered and came up on her knees as the door swung a little more out and then back in with a soft dull thudding noise. As she straightened her upper body the t-shirt fell down to cover her breasts at last.
She used the handrail to get to her feet. "That was fun," she whispered to herself and then grinned. "At least the reflexes are still good."
The door on the barn swung wide open and stayed that way. She didn't know if there was any hay in there but if there were, it would be ruined with the rain. She eyed the soggy ground and the mud by the barn door. Then she looked down at the only good pair of shoes she had. Ones with the lift built in that is.
She moved over to the rocking chair by the door and sat down to take her shoes and socks off. It wasn't raining hard but it was raining steady. Without her special shoe she couldn't run well at all and her walk was a drunken rolling gait. She would be soaked by the time she reached the barn, not to mention her feet being muddy.
Her mother had an umbrella but she could not remember where she kept it or if they had taken it with them when they left. It wasn't as if she hadn't been wet before but it had been a long time. As a kid, she had loved walking in the warm rain of summer. This was autumn and a little on the chilly side.
She stuck her shoes under the rocker and stood up. It still felt funny to have most of her weight on one foot when she stood up straight. The six steps to the edge of the porch steps made her frown. Step, roll, step, roll, step, roll. She hated that.
She stuck her hand out in the rain; it was cold on her palm and made her shiver. It would be even colder in the barn with wet clothing on. With a grin, she whipped her t-shirt off and balled it up in her hand. "I've always wanted to do this," she whispered as she started down the steps one at a time.
Cold rain on her back and breasts made her gasp. By the time she reached the ground, her nipples ached they were so hard and she was shivering. She headed out across the yard, which warmed her slightly. She could feel the cold wet grass on her right foot more than the left. There had been some nerve damage on the left side.
By the time she reached the gate in the fence between the house and the barn, the cold rainwater was soaking her shorts and running down the crack of her ass. The strange thing was, she found herself grinning like an idiot. When she stepped through the gate, the mud on the other side squished up between her toes.
She laughed and took another step. Now there was mud between all her toes. She stood there a moment wiggling her toes in the mud. It felt good even if it was cold. Still grinning like a fool, she hobbled on toward the barn. The cold water running down her face and body was suddenly exhilarating. She hadn't felt so alive in a very long time.
At the barn door, she pulled the rope latch and opened the door just enough to squeeze through. Closing it, she paused to let her eyes adjust to the dim light. Without the cold rain and the light breeze, she was warmer. She shook her head to sling as much water out of her short spiky hair as she could and then wiped her face and head with her free hand.
She crossed the barn to the tack room and opened the door. There was a light switch on the wall to her left if she remembered correctly. It was and the light was bright from the bare bulb. Looking around she found a fairly clean rag and wiped her upper body down. She laid the fairly dry t-shirt on the work bench and took off her shorts.
Standing there naked as she wrung the shorts out, she felt wild and free. She had never been naked in the barn or the yard anytime during the whole of her life here. It felt wrong in one way but exciting in another. Her mother would have had a fit. That made Mary Beth smile as she hung the shorts over the back of an old wooden chair.
She used the rag to wipe her lower body and her legs. The scars on her left thigh were long and deep where they had repaired her leg. The thigh muscles were twisted looking and lumpy. The mud on her feet made her grin. There was a horse trough in one of the stalls but she couldn't remember which one.
Naked she went in search of it. It was in the second stall she checked. There was no water in it but the tap worked when she turned it on. She climbed in the tub and sat on the edge as she washed her feet. The water was surprisingly warm. The pipes ran underground, she realized. Too bad there wasn't hot water. A hot bath would have warmed her up nicely.
Mary Beth started to step out of the tub but stopped when she saw the loose dirt on the floor and very little fresh hay. Her mother had gotten rid of the two horses and the three milk cows that used to call this place home. There wasn't any need for hay in the stalls. There were still a dozen or so cows in the back pasture though.
She eyed the rail around the stall and climbed out of the tub onto it and moved around to the front of the stall. She climbed to the top and sat down facing the center of the barn. Her knees were spread in this position and she could feel the cool air on her sex.
Sex? Now there was a subject she had shied away from since she got hurt. Not even masturbation had crossed her mind. Not having a lot of privacy had more to do with that than anything. First the hospital in Germany, then the hospitals in the States, and now home with her mother and sister always hovering over her.
Mary Beth sighed and slowly shook her head. Pity would be so easy. Then the thought that she was alone now crossed her mind and she smiled. Her hands were holding onto the top rail on each side of her hips. She let go and checked her balance. It was good. The two by four top rail was a little narrow under her butt to be comfortable.
"The hayloft door," she muttered and then sighed. One part of her mind said she was stalling. That she didn't need or deserve pleasure. Another part was yelling bullshit. Mary Beth shook her head hard and almost fell off the top rail.
She grabbed the rail and held on as she caught her balance. She looked down at the hard packed dirt floor and then looked at her feet. They looked fairly dry. She rocked her toes down as far as they would go and then lifted them as high as they would go. The right moved several inches father than the left in both directions. Tight pain in her left thigh stopped her toes in both directions.
Mary Beth looked around the barn, her mind trying to keep away from thoughts of therapy. She was supposed to go to the VA hospital three times a week but it was a long drive and she hadn't even tried to drive a car since she had been home. She most likely could but...
Therapy hurt! When she had first started it almost a year ago she had cried it hurt so much. Stretching those lumpy muscles was a bitch. It was so much easier to just sit with her legs curled up under her. It hid her leg also. That thought brought her back to the other thing she didn't want to think about. The head doctor. She had hated talking to the shrinks at the other hospitals so why would the one here be any different.
She wasn't crazy and never had been. That thought made her smile as she looked around the empty barn again. "Yeah, you always sit on the stall rails naked," she whispered to herself. "Anyway, it's not crazy, it's fun."
Mary Beth climbed down the stall rails and started for the tack room and the t-shirt. Halfway there she changed her mind and angled toward the ladder leading up to the loft. Climbing the ladder hurt her left leg even though she used her right for the push up on each step. She groaned as she made the last two rungs.
The loft was one big room with two stacks of hay. One was toward the rear and the back loft door and the other was toward the front loft door. The hay to the front was newer, still green in places and smelled wonderful. The stack to the rear was smaller and probably the one her mother was using as supplemental feed for the cows.
Mary Beth took her time as she crossed the lowest part of the hay bale stack on her way to the front door. The hay was prickly on her feet, hands, and body. Memories of playing up here as a kid crossed her mind and made her smile. Hide and seek with her sister had been fun but back then there had been a lot more hay bales.
The door was still wide open and the floor was wet. The water wasn't reaching the hay but it was very close in places. Mary Beth stood off to the side of the door and wondered how she was going to get it closed without exposing herself to the whole world.
"I should have brought the t-shirt," she whispered and then groaned softly as she thought of the climb down and back up to go get it.
She moved closer to the open door and looked out. She could see down the road in one direction for several miles, the house, and the fields to one side. There were woods past that but no one was in sight. She quickly moved across the opening and then leaned on the wall, a shiver running up and down her spine that had nothing to do with the cool wind and the few raindrops that hit her.
With a grin, she turned and looked out the door in the other direction. The woods were closer to the house in this direction and she could only see a short ways. There was no one in sight in this direction either. That a car could come down the road at any second crossed her mind and she shivered again. What if someone saw her, her mind asked.
Mary Beth groaned softly at that thought and without allowing herself time to think, she stepped out into the open doorway. The cold rain shocked her for a second and she gasped as she reached up and placed a hand on each side of the opening as high as she could reach. Holding on, she moved one foot to the side and then the other.
She felt so exposed in this position but her mind was on fire as the heat grew in her sex. She looked one way down the road and then the other. She shivered hard but there was no car in sight. She stood this way for several minutes and then straightened and stepped back.
Was she happy or disappointed that no car had presented itself? She wasn't sure as she sighed and moved to the edge of the door. She leaned out and pulled the door closed. With the latch closed, she turned to sit down on a bale of hay. It was prickly on her ass. The stack behind her felt the same on her back as she leaned against it.
Her eyes were on the door but her mind was on the therapy, both mental and physical. Climbing the ladder and crossing the hay bales had pretty much convinced her that she needed to go. Standing in the open doorway naked did seem strange and out of character for her but it had excited her beyond words. Her hands came up to caress her wet breasts and very hard nipples. She whimpered softly at the warmth of her hands and the tingling they caused.
The palms of her hands making circles on her nipples made them ache and tingle even more. When she pinched and rolled them around, she groaned as little jolts of pleasure shot straight to her sex. Her hips flexed and the hay stuck her ass and back as she moved. She wished she had a blanket so the prickliness would go away and not distract her. She grinned at that as she realized she wanted to masturbate.
Her right hand roamed down across her wet stomach to come to rest on her mound. Her short fingernails combed the short neatly trimmed hair there and made her shiver as the inner muscles of her sex tightened up at the thought of masturbating. She continued to tease her mound but allowed her fingers to crawl slowly downward until she felt the top of her slit with the middle finger.
When her fingernail brushed along the bundle of nerves tight above her clit, she jerked her hand away from her sex and groaned softly as three faces chased each other across her mind. Betty Harper, Mark Waters, and Jill Sinclair would never have sex again in any form.
Mary Beth found herself crying for her two lost friends and her lost lover. She had not been alone in the HumVee when the bomb went off. It was not the first time she had cried for them, nor was it going to be the last. She would never forget them. Others might but not her.
It was nearly ten minutes later before Mary Beth could pull herself together. Her eyes were blurry with tears but she was down to sniffling by then. A few minutes later she whispered, "Maybe... maybe I do need to see that shrink."
She stood up quickly wiping the tears out of her eyes and off her face. She staggered and had to steady herself on the hayloft door. She opened the door and looked down at the muddy ground twenty feet below. She had the sudden urge to jump and slammed the door.
"No! No! No!" she said loudly and backed up to trip on the hay bale behind her. She sat down hard, the rough hay poking her ass. She gave out with a sharp yell of surprise and pain.
Mary Beth stood back up and ran her hands over her ass. There was no blood but a couple of spots stung. "Stupid hay," she said aloud as she started back across the hay toward the ladder.
When she was about halfway across there was the sound of the barn door below creaking open and then closing. Mary Beth froze where she was and then slowly started to back up. She knew the door had latched because she had checked it. Someone was in the barn with her. She backed up faster and then turned to climb up on top of the stacked bales.
There were two bales laid end to end and she laid down behind those with her head sticking out just enough to see the ladder. She listened carefully but didn't hear anything but the wind around the tin roof. A minute or so later, she heard steps on the ladder. Then a man's head appeared. Mary Beth wanted to back up but she also wanted to know who this guy was.
He climbed on up and paused as he stood up to take off an old yellow slicker suit. He had his back to her. The pair of overalls he wore were faded, as was the Levy work shirt. He had looked familiar but she couldn't put a finger on it. Hanging the slicker on the end of the ladder, he turned and looked around. She was high enough up that he could not see her in the dim light.
When he turned and started to walk toward the far end of the barn, he walked with a stiff leg on the left side. Mary Beth gasped in recognition. It was Jerry Gates. He was several years younger than her and about three grades behind her in school. He had been a Junior Rodeo Champion before a bull stomped on his knee.
He went out of sight around the stack of hay bales and then there was bright light as he opened the loft door. There were the sounds of hay bales being moved and restacked. A little later she heard the sound of the hand winch as the hay was being lowered out the door. A minute or so later, he came around the end of the stacked hay and headed for the ladder.
Mary Beth held still hoping he wouldn't see her head. When he was putting his slicker on, he said, "You could crank up the winch and close the door. It would save me a trip back up here."
She moaned softly and then said, "I really can't do that. You might say I'm not dressed for the job."
"Uh huh," he replied, looking up at her. "I figured as much since your shorts and t-shirt are in the tack room."
"I came out here to shut the loft door on this end but I was warmer without the wet clothes," she explained.
"Your t-shirt was pretty dry," he said with a grin.
"Uh yeah but..."
"I've often wondered what you would look like naked," he said straight out. "I had a big crush on you back in high school."
"I... uh... didn't know that. The crush part that is."
"No one did, I was too shy and dumb to do anything about it. Anyway, who would want a guy with a gimp leg?"
Mary Beth heard herself giggle and clamped her hand over her mouth for a second. "Sorry, that wasn't directed at you. It was directed at myself."
"Uh huh," he said as he turned to start down the ladder.
"Hey Jerry, wait a minute. It really was aimed at me. I got hurt in Iraq and..." She let the sentence hang, as she didn't want to go any farther.
"Ok, I believe you," he said as he started down the ladder with a hopping gate.
"Hey Jerry, unload the platform and I'll winch it up after you leave."
"Who says I'm ever leaving," he replied with a chuckle. "I've got you trapped."
Hey, no fair," Mary Beth said quickly.
"Who said I had to play fair," he called out from below.
A minute or so later, the barn door creaked again as he when out. Mary Beth contemplated climbing down and getting dressed. He would be outside loading the hay and covering it with a tarp for a while. But would it be long enough? There was also the possibility that he had hid her clothes. That would be the worse case of all. All she could do was lock herself in the tack room. He'd have to leave sooner or later; he had cows to feed, if he was getting hay.
Mary Beth groaned softly in indecision and then pushed up on her hands and knees. It was her own fault. She had left the tack room light on and her clothes out in plain sight but then again, she hadn't expected anyone to come here. She groaned again and started down off the hay bales.
She was at the ladder but changed her mind suddenly and headed for the open loft door. How much hay did he have to load? A few bales would be quick and he would hurry to get back inside. At least she didn't have to climb over bales on this end.
At the door she hugged the wall and eased her head around the edge of the doorway to look down. There was an old muddy white flatbed truck parked close to the wall and Jerry was unloading the hay and stacking it close to the cab. An old green tarp was already covering part of the load. He had four bales left. There was not enough time to get down the ladder and dressed, she realized.
As he picked up the last bale and turned to stack it, Mary Beth hurried across the open doorway and stood to the side as she started to winch the platform up. If she got it up and closed the door, maybe, just maybe he would go on about his business.
When she had the platform up high enough to swing inside, she realized she would have to reach outside to pull it in. The same for the wide open door. She looked down to see where Jerry was. He was not in sight. She groaned softly. Was he somewhere she couldn't see, like the other side of the truck or was he on his way back to the loft?
With a deep breath, she stepped toward the platform and leaned out to grab it. Pulling it inward, she reached over and released the winch. The platform swung inside and dropped to the floor with a thud. She pulled it back away from the door and looked outside. Jerry wasn't in sight so she stepped up on the platform and leaned out to close the door. A loud wolf whistle from below almost froze her in her tracks but she managed to grab the door and swing it closed.
She shivered hard as she held the door closed. "Beautiful, just beautiful," she heard Jerry say from below.
With a groan, she opened the door a crack and peeked out. He was standing next to the side of the truck grinning up at her. He must have been hiding behind the hay bales when she reached for the door.
"Open the door back up," Jerry said. "There is no need to hide now."
"Go feed the cows and then go home and do whatever it is you do," she called down to him.
"Looking at you is much more fun than feeding cows or reading a book or even watching TV."
"For you maybe but not for me," Mary Beth replied and then shivered as she realized that wasn't exactly true. Her heart was beating fast and her sex was squeezed tightly on nothing. She shifted her hips and felt the slipperiness of her inner lips rubbing together.
When he didn't reply, she peeked out the crack again. She didn't see him and opened the door just a little wider. She still didn't see him. Was he on his way up to the loft after all? She opened the door far enough to stick her head out and look along the side of the barn. Still no Jerry. Where had he gone? That was the burning question.
"Don't make me come up there," he said suddenly from directly below her.
Mary Beth looked straight down and saw him grinning up at her. "You're tricky," she said with a laugh but she stayed where she was. She knew he could see her from the waist up at the very least. Her nipples got even harder, as if that was possible.
"I thought they taught Army people tactics?"
"They do but I'm not an Army people anymore. The gave me the boot for medical reasons."
"Ah! They finally figured out you were crazy."
"No, if I were crazy, I'd push open this door and stand here in all my radiant glory."
Jerry laughed and said, "That would work for me."
"I just bet it would," Mary Beth said with a grin as she leaned back and closed the door.
"That's no way to be," Jerry protested.
"How should I be?" Mary Bert asked in return.
"Well, I... uh... Then again, you..." he fumbled around for an answer to her question. "That's a good question," he finally said.
"Where is your good answer?"
"Well..." he said and then went silent. A minute later he added, "I don't have one so I guess you win."
"Is that right," she replied and pushed the door open wide as she took a couple of steps back and sat down on a hay bale. This hay was older but seemed softer and less pokey.
A minute or so passed and then she heard, "Hey, are you still there?"
"Where else would I be?" She asked with a grin.
"I figured you went to get dressed."
"Why would I do that? This is my family's barn after all. I can go naked in it if I want."
"I wonder what your mother would say about that?"
"You can ask her when she gets home," Mary Beth replied with a laugh. She could just see the fit her mother would throw at that question from anyone but especially from a guy. The shit would literally hit the fan.
"Uh... I don't think so. Your mom just tolerates me as it is. She thinks I'm trying to carry your sister off to sin and degradation."
"Well, are you?" She asked with laughter in her voice.
"Uh... not really. Your sister talks too much. I never get a word in edgewise."
"Tell me about it," Mary Beth said with a sigh.
"What are you going to be doing Saturday night?" He asked suddenly and quickly.
"Why do you ask?" She shot back.
"There's a dance over at the Community Center."
Mary Beth felt a grimace cross her face. "I can't dance."
"Like I can? I just wanted the pleasure of your company and a chance to talk face to face."
"We're talking just fine this way."
Jerry chuckled and said, "Maybe you are but I have all these pictures running around in my head of this beautiful naked lady in the hay loft."
"You need your eyes examined. Not to mention your head."
"The head part is probably true but my eyes are fine."
Mary Beth sudden wondered what was wrong with going to the Community Center with Jerry. He seemed to be a nice guy. If he weren't, he would have come back up to the loft and gave her no space and no options. The three pictures of her dead friends flashed through her mind with the words, "No Fun," in bold letters following each one.
With a shiver she stood up suddenly. She had to stop that before... Before what? She didn't want to think about that. Her eyes focused on Jerry. He was standing by the far side of the truck just staring up at her with his mouth hanging open. It was a look of awe if she had ever seen one. It made a hard shiver run up and down her spine and a whimper to pass her lips.
"Awesome!" Jerry said suddenly.
Mary Beth grinned and walked over to step back up on the platform. "You're the crazy one," she said as she raised her hands and placed them up high on each side of the doorframe. She felt her breasts rise on her chest and her stomach flatten.
Jerry was back to staring with his mouth open. "Do you know about Barn Rules?" She asked.
When Jerry just shook his head, she said, "Barn Rules are like Vegas Rules. You know, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. Only in this case, what happens in the barn, stays in the barn."
Jerry nodded and Mary Beth laughed. "The cats got your tongue."
"Cat, no, you, yes," Jerry said softly.
"You'd think the guy has never seen a woman before," she said more to herself than to him.
"Uh... Never one standing naked in a hay loft or one so gorgeous," he replied slowly.
Mary Beth laughed and shook her head. "You are so full of shit."
"Well, my eyes are brown after all."
"So are mine but..."
"Uh... speaking of which, could you... uh... turn around for a second?"
Now it was her turn to have her mouth hang open. A moment later she giggled and said, "Say what?"
"Uh... Turn around so I can see the other side of you."
"No way. With my luck I'd fall out the friggin door."
"We wouldn't want that," he said hurriedly.
Feeling bold and a little crazy, Mary Beth said, "You could always come up here. So we can talk, understand."
"Yeah I could but as you said earlier, I have to go feed cows. You could come down and ride with me. We could talk that way."
A vision of her riding naked in his truck flashed across her mind and she whimpered softly. The word exhibitionist jumped to her mind and she shook her head. That didn't help the surge in her sex and butterflies in her stomach all of a sudden. Then memories of flashing Mark float across her brain and she moaned softly.
Looking down at Jerry she whispered, "Do I have to get dressed?"
"What?" He asked. "I didn't hear you."
Mary Beth groaned and stepped back off the platform. She sat down on the hay again and shook her head slowly. "What the hell are you doing?" She asked herself in a soft whisper. When no apparent answer came, she stood back up and stepped forward.
Looking at Jerry, she grinned and said, "I'll be right down." She reached out and grabbed the door, closing and latching it. She stood there and took several deep breaths. Was she actually going to go with him? Why not, a part of her mind asked. Naked or dressed was the next question and it made her shiver and whimper softly.
"We'll see," she said as she turned and headed for the ladder.
*****
Mary Beth was crossing the barn floor when the front door creaked. "Are you decent?" Jerry asked from outside.
"No but come on in anyway," she replied.
"Are you sure," he asked.
"No but come on in anyway," she said a second time but this time she grinned.
The door opened and he stepped inside, shutting it. Mary Beth stopped and looked at him as his eyes adjusted to the dimmer light. He had on his slicker suit and held another one in his hand. "I thought you might need this," he said.
"Sure, why not," she said as a wild idea crossed her mind.
"Uh... should I bring it over there or do you want to come get it?"
Nary Beth chuckled. "We could meet in the middle."
He started forward, his stiff left leg swung out on every other step. She started forward, her upper body leaning as she took a step on her left foot. They were both grinning as they watched each other.
They stopped about three feet apart and he held out the raincoat. "Is that the real reason for the medical discharge?" He asked softly.
She nodded as she took it from him. "Yeah, wars a bitch."
He nodded and sighed. "I'm sorry it happened to you."
"So am I," she replied as her eyes started to burn at the memory of the truly unlucky ones. To cover her tears and to get her mind off her friends, she whipped the raincoat around and draped it over her shoulders.
"I lost a cousin and a couple of good friends over there."
"I lost some friends also," Mary Beth whispered and then sighed deeply as she looked at the sad look on his face from under her lashes.
"They wouldn't take me because of my bum leg."
"Lucky you," Mary Beth whispered as she turned toward the tack room.
"Why did you join up?"
Mary Beth grimaced at the question and shot back at him, "Because I was stupid." She took a couple more steps and then stopped and turned toward Jerry. "I joined to get away from this farm and my mother. I had nowhere else to go and no future here."
"I can understand that. I've started to leave several times myself but like you, I have nowhere else to go. I guess I could go to some big city but they just don't appeal to me."
Mary Beth nodded. "I've been to a couple and I wasn't impressed. Well, I was in a way since I'd never seen such tall building and so much to do but they were too noisy and everyone was in such a hurry."
"That's kind of what I figured. A good place to visit but I wouldn't want to live there. I even thought about moving into town. It's not that big but what would I do for a living. I know cows and farms, that's about it."
"There's nothing wrong with cows and farms."
"But you said—"
"Yeah, I know what I said. It was my mother mostly. I like the quiet life on a farm but without her it would be a lot better."
Jerry nodded. "My mom left when I was about five. It's been just me and dad ever since."
"I didn't know that," Mary Beth said and then sighed. "That must have been rough."
Jerry shrugged. "Not really. She wasn't there even when she was, if you know what I mean. I guess some people just aren't cut out for the farm life or married life, or kids."
"I'll go to that dance with you," Mary Beth heard herself say and then she grinned. "I'll even wear a dress."
"Alright! This is my lucky day in more ways than one," Jerry replied with enthusiasm and a grin bigger than hers.
"Now that that's settled, I need to get my clothes."
As she walked towards the tack room, Jerry asked, "Does your leg hurt you?"
"Only when I walk, climb a ladder, or climb over hay bales," she replied. "How about yours?"
"Only when the weather is cold and or wet."
Mary Beth paused at the tack room door and looked back. "You know we're coming back to the barn when you're finished feeding the cows, right?"
"Uh... we can if you want to."
"I want to," she replied and went inside the tack room.
"Wouldn't it be easier for you to get in the house if I dropped you off in the driveway?"
"Easier, probably but I want you under Barn Rules and that goes for in your truck also."
"Ok, but I really don't understand."
Mary Beth had been folding up her shorts and t-shirt. She put one in each coat pocket and buttoned the slicker up. "You'll understand later," she said more to herself than him. She was grinning as she came out of the tack room.
*****
Her feet were even muddier than before as she climbed up in his truck. She had protested about making a mess and he had laughed. "There's no carpet in a field truck. It's made to get dirty."
She tried to make as little mess as possible as she got in and held her feet up off the floor. "Find a clean puddle and I'll wash them off," she told him as he closed the door.
He got in on his side and started the truck. He pulled forward past the end of the barn and then turned left toward the back pasture. Mary Beth had thought he would turn right down the driveway toward the highway. He stopped at the pasture gate and looked over at her.
"You can wash your feet in the ditch and open the gate."
"You're feeding mom's cows? I thought you were feeding your own?" She asked as she opened the door and climbed down.
"I'm doing both actually. I bought the hundred acres behind your place from your mom. It connects your place with my dads. I've got my own road built but I'm short on money to get the white rock finished all the way, so I use this road to feed. I can't come in from dad's side because of a deep creek. A bridge would cost more than a new road."
Mary Beth took a few minutes wading in the cold clear water of the ditch to get the mud off her feet. Then she opened the gate and waited for him to pull through. When he was clear, she closed the gate and latched it. She was smiling as she climbed back up into the truck. It was nice to be of use for something.
The cows headed for the truck as it crossed the pasture. They knew it was feeding time. Jerry pulled the truck up close beside a covered hay feeder and got out. The heater worked well in the old truck and Mary Beth had warmed up quickly. They were several hundred yards out past the barn and out of sight from the highway.
Jerry was pushing cows out of the way with his shoulder as he dropped several bales in the feeder and then cut the strings holding them together. He spent a moment shaking the hay out and then got out of the way so the cows could get to the hay. There was still plenty of grass so they weren't starving. They were more curious about what was in the feeder.
When he turned back toward the truck, he froze in place and grinned. Mary Beth was sitting on the end of the seat with the door open and a shy smile on her face. The yellow slicker was nowhere in sight. She was once again naked. Her knees were slightly spread as she had one foot on the front side of the seat and the other toward the rear side.
"Are you always this outgoing?"
Mary Beth shook her head. "I've never been naked anywhere on this farm in my life except my bedroom and the bathroom. That is until today."
"What makes today so special, other than me being able to see you naked."
With a shrug, Mary Beth shook her head. "I'm not really sure except this is the first day I've really been alone since I got hurt. That is until you showed up."
Jerry grinned. "Yes, my very lucky day."
With a shy smile, Mary Beth whispered, "Maybe mine also."
Jerry moved toward the truck. He stopped a few feet from Mary Beth's knees and reached out to trace her scars with a fingertip. "You got chewed up worse than I did."
"Bombs and shrapnel have a tendency to do that, even through what they laughingly call armor. I was the lucky one," she whispered with a soft sob at the end.
Jerry started forward with his arms held out as if he was going to hug her and then realized he had on the dirty wet slicker. He stepped back and shrugged the coat off. He tossed it on the tarp covering the hay bales and moved toward the young woman again.
Mary Beth opened her eyes at that moment and hurriedly retreated to the passenger side of the seat. "I'm sorry," Jerry said quickly. "I didn't mean to startle you. You looked like you need someone to hold you."
With a shivery breath, she shook her head. "I... uh... yeah... I probably do but..."
Jerry nodded and whispered, "The naked thing right."
Mary Beth shook her head and replied, "More like a dead friends kind of thing."
With another nod, Jerry whispered, "Yeah, I guess I can understand that." Then he stepped away from the door and stuffed the slicker under the tarp.
When he got in the truck, he said, "They died and you blame yourself for living."
Mary Beth gasped at how close to the truth that statement was. "I... uh... I... Yeah, kind of, sort of."
He closed the door and put the truck in gear. They rode in silence as he crossed the field to a second feeder. When he stopped and put the truck in park, he said, "You're supposed to be doing therapy and seeing a head doctor but you're not doing either one. Been there, done that, including shutting everyone out completely."
"Climbing that ladder in the barn convinced me I need to go to therapy," Mary Beth whispered.
"How about the shrink?"
Mary Beth nodded but didn't reply.
"Did you decide that today?" When she only nodded again, he grinned and asked, "Before or after you decided to go native and run around naked?"
Despite herself, Mary Beth grinned. "A little after I found out I had an exhibitionist streak and after I thought about jumping out the loading door."
Jerry's eyes grew wide and his mouth dropped open. A moment later, he closed his mouth and groaned softly. "I have to admit I had a few of those thoughts after I got hurt but..."
"Yeah, they were just thoughts. I'm too chicken to do anything. With my luck, I'd just hurt myself worse," Mary Beth replied and then sighed. "It is good to know I'm not as crazy as I thought I was."
Jerry nodded. "Just keep doing the crazy good stuff and everything will be great."
Mary Beth looked over at him and then looked down at the front of his overalls. There wasn't a tent but there was definitely a ridge angling across the front of his lap. She wondered why she had not noticed before. The answer that came was that she hadn't let herself and the rain gear had hid it. She chuckled and nodded her head as she looked back up at his face. "Don't you have hay to put out?"
"Uh, yeah I do but now I wish I had my slicker suit back."
"It isn't even raining much," Mary Beth said looking out the windshield and up.
Jerry laughed and shook his head. "It's not about the rain and you damned well know it."
Mary Beth turned her head and looked at his lap again. "Yeah, I do."
With a chuckle, Jerry opened his door and got out. When he turned around, there was a tent in his overalls where his dick stood up. He shifted his hips from side to side and the tent moved back and forth across the front. He groaned softly and shook his head. "I better quit that before there's an accident."
With a giggle, Mary Beth slid across the seat to sit right in front of him as she had been sitting earlier, except her knees were even wider apart. "I'll, uh, take that hug now," she whispered softly.
Jerry grinned and leaned over to wrap his arms around her, his head next to hers. His hands were on each side of her upper back, his rough palms flat against her skin. She shivered hard, put her arms around him the same way, and scooted slightly forward. That brought more of her chest in contact with him. His hips were between her knees, which made her moan softly. It had been so long... She clamped down on that thought sharply.
They held each other for several minutes and then both sighed as Jerry stepped back. He smiled shyly and then whispered, "I'd better get to that hay."
Mary Beth returned his smile shyly and nodded. "Thank you," she whispered as he turned away from her.
With a nod, he pulled the tarp back and grabbed a bale of hay. Turning her way, he said, "And thank you and not for just the hug either." Then he turned and carried the hay bale over to the feeder and opened it.
He put out two more bales and then covered the remaining bales. He returned to stand in front of Mary Beth. She had a smile on her face and had had one ever since he started moving the hay bales. Her eyes had followed the sway of the tent in the front of his overalls. Now she reached out and undid the two buttons on each side of the overalls by his hips.
Jerry watched as she did and then looked at her face questioningly. She grinned and said, "I'm just trying to cool you off a little before that accident occurs."
"Uh, huh," he said with a grin of his own. "Jumping in the pond might cool me off but undoing those buttons just adds fuel to my imagination."
Mary Beth chuckled and backed up across the seat until she reached the door with her back. Her feet were on the seat in his direction, her ankles, and knees tightly together now that she stopped moving. His eyes had followed her sex as she had moved. Her hands had been behind her and she had raised her ass slightly as she backed up so he had a good view. It had excited her to no end that he had stared so openly.
He had licked his lips several times and Mary Beth had felt her vagina tighten up each time he did. Mark had been a good lover in most ways but eating pussy did not appeal to him most of the time and when he had, it was rather tentative and halfhearted. She did not think that applied to Jerry from the way his tongue moved. She shivered at that thought and scooted back a little more so she could wrap her arms around her legs.
Jerry sighed deeply and chuckled. "You are driving me crazy but you already know that."
"I'm doing the same thing to myself," Mary Beth whispered in reply. "Now, get in and lets go feed your cows."
*****
The old truck followed the field road on across. It was rough in a couple of spots, so Mary Beth moved her feet wider apart as the truck swayed. With her feet the width of the seat, she knew Jerry could see her sex clearly. He kept glancing that way as often as possible. Several more times he licked his lips. It was all Mary Beth could do not to groan or moan when he did.
When they reached the gate in the back fence, Jerry stopped the truck and reached for his door handle. "Whoa, that gate is my job," Mary Beth said with a big grin as she released her hold on her legs. The left knee moved over against the seatback as she lowered her right foot to the floor. Her thighs were spread wide for his viewing pleasure and hers, of course.
"It's, uh, raining again," he whispered, his eyes fixed on her openly displayed sex. It had a wet look to it and all he could think about was diving head first between her thighs. Her clit was peeking out from between the folds of her inner lips. He wondered how many licks it would take to make her come. Probably not many, was the reply his mind made.
Mary Beth giggled and then groaned as he licked his lips. "I'm... already very wet," she whispered and then groaned again as he licked his lips again. When he groaned right along with her and started to lean in her direction, she laughed and scramble to get turned in the seat and to open her door.
Jerry straightened back up and chuckled. "If you only knew..."
"Oh, I know believe me," Mary Beth said as she got out of the truck. She shivered as several large cold raindrops hit her skin. The gate had a large oak tree on each side of it and the large drops were falling off the bare limbs and few remaining leaves.
"You just stay there and behave while I open the gate."
She shut the door and walked around to the front of the truck. The old iron gate from years ago had been replaces with a shiny new tubular metal one. It opened easily as she walked it open and held it as Jerry drove through. She walked the gate shut and latched it. The stray raindrops might have been cold but the heat in her sex more than made up for it.
Rinsing her feet in the cold rainwater of the ditch didn't cool her down one bit but it did make her shiver. As she climbed up into the truck Jerry asked, "Did the cold water help any?"
"Not one bit," Mary Beth replied with a laugh.
"Then I guess I can rule out a swim in the pond to help me cool off."
As she settled herself in the seat, Mary Beth said, "Ya know, I've fished in that pond, waded in it, played in it, but never swam in it."
"I used to sneak in there years ago, before I hurt my leg, to go swimming. After I bought the place, it was a good place to cool off on hot summer days. Of course with the stiff knee, I don't swim nearly as well as I used to."
"I hadn't thought about that," Mary Beth said as they followed the old road through a short section of woods. Her dad and an uncle had used this land to hunt on in the winter and too pasture the cattle during the hotter parts of the summer.
"Swimming is good exercise for therapy," Jerry pointed out.
Mary Beth chuckled and shook her head. "The rain is cold enough."
"The pond water would be a lot warmer. Just getting out would be colder. I was swimming there just a few weeks ago after we got the last load of rock I could afford spread over a section of the new road."
Mary Beth grinned at him. "Go feed the cows."
They exited the tree line and Jerry angled to the right across a long narrow opening to a covered feeder. It was newer than the ones in her mom's pasture. The grass in the field looked thicker than it had in the other pasture with the brighter green of new growth mixed in. The feeder was on the passenger side as Jerry stopped the truck.
"Winter rye grass?" Mary Beth asked as he opened the door and got out.
"Yeah, the ground is harder and rockier over here. I'm hoping the rye grass will break it up a little and give it something for the coastal grass to spread into. I ran a disc over it to help even more."
Mary Beth knew exactly what he was talking about. She grinned at that realization and opened the passenger door as he came around to grab a bale of hay. Four or five cows came to the edge of the woods to watch him carry it over to the feeder. They were all Brahma stock.
As he broke the bale and shook it out, one of the cows came over to the feeder. He walked back to the truck for a second bale. "I'm planning on rising rodeo stock... in part anyway."
"Is there enough of a market?" Mary Beth asked.
"I think so," he said as he stopped in front of her. "I still know some people in the rodeo game and I mentor a couple of young guys on the circuit. Good stock is hit and miss at the lower levels."
"But is there enough money to make a living at the lower levels?"
"There are a ton more low level rodeos than major ones so volume is the way to go."
"It sounds like you've thought this through pretty well."
Jerry grinned and went to get the second bale. As he carried the bale to the feeder he said, "I've had plenty of time to think on it."
"No girlfriend except my sister?"
"Not even your sister, except in your mother's mind. Anyway, the girls my age in town that are available... Well, lets just say the picking are slim and none."
"If I remember the girls from school, there is nothing slim about any of them," Mary Beth said and then grinned as Jerry nodded.
He went around the back of the truck and opened the driver's door. "All the good looking ones get married or leave town right after they graduate."
"I understand that," Mary Beth whispered.
Jerry chuckled and got in the truck. "You're cute." When Mary Beth looked at him sharply, he laughed. "Ok, ok, you're also good looking in a tomboyish way."
Mary Beth chuckled as she turned in the seat and closed her door. Her hands came up and she brushed her palms over her small breasts and hard nipples. "Yeah, until I left here, I could almost pass for one of the guys up top."
Jerry licked his lips and sighed as he put the truck in gear. "The lower half is all female, believe me."
Mary Beth grinned as she turned in the seat and brought her left foot up onto the seat and leaned her knee against the seat back. Her legs were spread wide and her sex was spread the same way. "Do you... Uh... With no girlfriends how do you know about... Uh."
Jerry laughed as he stared at her well displayed sex. "I've dated. Just nothing permanent or long term."
Mary Beth licked her lips and closed her eyes for a moment as thoughts of her relationship with Mark flashed across her mind. "Friends with benefits," she whispered and then her eyes popped open as she realized she had said it aloud.
Jerry nodded and let the clutch out on the truck. "Something like that," he said as he headed for the next feeder.
"I... uh... I..." Mary Beth stammered and then swallowed hard. "I had one of those."
Jerry glanced her way and nodded. "One of the ones that were killed?"
Mary Beth's eyes burned as she nodded in reply. She didn't trust her voice as she suddenly felt like crying.
"That sucks bad," Jerry whispered as his right hand came over and patted her ankle.
Mary Beth blinked as she looked out the window to hide the tears on her cheeks. "They were all friends," she whispered and then sighed. "I was the lucky one."
"Sometimes lucky is better than good," Jerry whisper back.
They rode on across the open ground in silence. Jerry pulled up to the last feeder and shut the truck off. "I have to be careful around this feeder. I have an old friend around that would love to stomp on my other knee."
Mary Beth's head snapped around. "You have the bull that broke your knee?"
"The very one," Jerry replied with a grin.
"Are you crazy?"
Jerry laughed. "Crazy like a fox. Good bulls breed good bulls."
Mary Beth giggled and then laughed. When Jerry looked at her funny, she winked and said, "Bulls breed cows not other bulls."
"Well, no shit!" He shot back at her with a grin. "I meant..."
"I know what you meant. I was being a smart ass."
"You do have a beautiful ass," Jerry said and then sighed. "What a waste. If I had just had the nerve to talk to you way back when, you wouldn't have joined the Army and neither of us would be so lonely."
"No nerve says the guy who rode bulls, won championships, and now owns the bull that stomped him. Don't mix up shy and courage." Mary Beth paused the grin. "So you think I would have settled for the likes of you, huh?"
Jerry's eyes grew wide as he stammered, "I... I... I..."
Mary Beth laughed, scooted over next to him, and kissed him on the cheek. "I was too fixated on getting away from my mother, otherwise I probably would have seen you for what you are. A really great guy with a heart of gold."
"Hey now, there's no reason to insult me!" Jerry said sharply with a grin on his face. "I'm really a lecherous and horny farm hand trying to get into your pants."
Mary Beth giggled. "I ain't wearing any pants."
"Uh yeah, that's what has me confused and dazed."
"Tactics can do that," she whispered as her left hand slipped in the side of his overalls and she wrapped her fingers around his hot hard dick.
Jerry gave a jerk and then moaned as she gave his dick a squeeze. "That's... uh... loaded and there ain't no safety," he whispered a moment later.
Mary Beth giggled as she pulled her hand out of his overalls. "That would be a waste, now wouldn't it."
Jerry shivered and nodded, his eyes locked with hers. A few seconds later, they were kissing passionately. She was twisted around, her arms around his neck, his hands roaming over her back. When one hand roamed down and cupped her butt cheek, Jerry stiffened and moved his hands up to the sides of her rib cage.
Mary Beth felt Jerry's hands pushing at her sides. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she wondered what was going on. Confused, she broke the kiss and relaxed her grip on his neck and head. He pushed her away and then groaned softly. "I... I don't want to take advantage of you."
Mary Beth grinned and said, "I thought I was taking advantage of you."
Jerry did a double take and then chuckled. "You're right, I am a nice guy. Too nice for my own damned good probably."
Mary Beth smiled and leaned in to kiss him softly on the lips. She broke the kiss with a sigh and sat back. "No, you're a nice guy that thinks about others first. I find it very appealing."
Jerry seemed at a lose for words, so Mary Beth said, "Why don't you go feed that bull of yours and then we can head back to the barn."
With a nod, Jerry opened the truck door. He got out and looked around. "Dazed and confused is not good around a rodeo bull."
"You need some fences."
"They're in the plans right after I make some more money so I can finish the road. Road, fences, and a house."
"Road, fences, and a travel trailer while we build a house," Mary Beth said softly.
Jerry's head snapped around her way. Mary Beth nodded and whispered, "Yeah, I said we."
"It'll be after I sell the Spring calves before I have any extra cash."
Mary Beth looked confused. "If you sell your calves, where is your rodeo stock coming from?"
"No, not my calves. I have a fifty percent interest in my dad's place. I also have leases on a dozen hay fields. That'll bring in more money," Jerry explained.
"Maybe I can help out," Mary Beth said and then chewed her bottom lip. "I was working on a nursing degree in the Army. I'm rated as an LVN, which pays pretty good in the civilian market. I have a pretty healthy college fund to continue my studies."
Jerry grinned and whispered, "Maybe we should see how our first date goes before we make too many plans."
Mary Beth wiggled on the seat and then moved over to sit on the end of it as she had earlier. Her knees were spread wide. She shivered as her hands came up to caress her breasts. Jerry's eyes darted from her sex to her hands several times. "Go feed the bull," she whispered softly.
Jerry gave a little jerk and looked around. "Yeah, the bull," he said more to himself than anything. Looking back at Mary Beth, he grinned as his hand went to the front of his overalls. He gripped his dick through the cloth and sighed.
"The rodeo bull," Mary Beth said with a giggle.
Jerry laughed, let go of his dick, and went to the side of the truck. He lifted a bale of hay and carried it over to the feeder. He looked around as he cut the ties on the bale and scattered it in the feeder. A second bale joined it a few minutes later.
As he walked back to the truck, there was a snort from the edge of the tree line. Jerry looked that way and kept walking toward the truck. The bull was standing in an opening and slowly pawing the mud as he watched Jerry.
Jerry reached the door and turned to look at the bull. "You might want to move over so I don't run over you if I have to get in the truck quickly."
From close to his ear, Mary Beth said, "I already have," as she put her hands on his shoulders and her head next to his. She was on her knees on the seat. "He's big and beautiful," she whispered a moment later.
"Yeah, he is," Jerry replied and then grinned. "I hate him and love him at the same time."
"I can understand that. He's the past and the future," Mary Beth said and kissed Jerry on the neck.
Jerry turned slightly and looked at the young woman behind him. "Speaking of futures..."
Mary Beth grinned and kissed him softly on the lips. "Things are sure looking up," she whispered a moment later as her right hand snaked its way into the side of his overalls. Her fingers gripped his dick and squeezed it gently. "Speaking of up..."
Jerry chuckled as she squeezed his dick again. "I'm not sure who's more dangerous, you or him."
"I won't stomp you. I'll just kill you with kindness."
"Promises, promises," Jerry whispered as he slowly turned sideways, his right hand finding her thigh. It moved over and then up until it cupped her sex.
Mary Beth moaned softly and flexed her hips, rubbing her sex against his hand. His middle finger felt slippery where it rubbed in her slit. She moaned again and moved her hips back away from his hand. "Speaking of hair triggers," she whispered as she took her hand out of his overalls.
Jerry shivered as he raised his hand to his face and sucked on his middle finger. Mary Beth groaned as her hips gave a sharp jerk. He smiled around the finger and then pulled it out of his mouth. "You didn't, did you?"
Mary Beth shook her head and whispered, "Not yet but it's still close."
There was a snort and Jerry's head snapped around. The bull was next to the feeder. "I think that's our cue to leave," he said softly as he slowly sat down on the truck seat. Mary Beth backed up to give him room, her eyes on the bull also.
Jerry eased the truck door closed and started the truck. The bull was motionless as the truck slowly backed up. He made a half circle and then stopped. "He charged the truck the last time I was here, when he was. He didn't hit it but..."
Mary Beth took a deep breath and shivered. "Yeah, we're going to need fences."
Jerry chuckled as he eased forward and started back the way they had come in. "Given time, he'll settle down."
About halfway back to the first feeder, Jerry angled to the left and pulled to a stop in the edge of the woods. Four large oaks made a rough square. "This is where I want to put a house," he said as he turned in the seat and looked at Mary Beth.
She looked around and then looked to her right. The land slopped gradually down to the large pond. Where the truck sat it was level. She looked back at the pond and whispered, "A beautiful view."
"Yes, it is," Jerry said and the added, "It's very private also."
Mary Beth looked at him and grinned. "As in always naked private?"
"Sounds good to me," Jerry replied as he reached up and unsnapped the straps on his overalls.
Mary Beth whimpered softly as he unsnapped the front of his shirt. Jerry winked at her as he opened his door, turned in the seat so he was facing out, and took off his shirt. He took his time taking his boots and socks off. Mary Beth chewed on her lower lip as her eyes ran over his muscular back and arms.
Jerry stood up and the overalls fell down out of sight. Mary Beth moaned softly as his bare butt came into view. Jerry looked over his shoulder and grinned. "So you like my butt." Mary Beth nodded. Jerry bent at the waist to retrieve his overalls. He rolled them up and bent over to get his boots.
As he turned to put the clothes and boots under the tarp, Mary Beth got her first glimpse of his manhood. She shivered. It was standing up hard against his lower belly. It looked larger than she remembered Mark's as being. Not much bigger but... She shivered again as she remembered the first time they had made love. She hadn't been a virgin but...
Jerry stepped over in front of the door. "Want to get out and have a better look around. It's quit raining for the moment."
Mary Beth shivered as she slid across the seat in his direction, her eyes on his hard dick. "If it looked any better, I'd be in big trouble," she whispered.
Jerry laughed. "I was talking about the building site."
"Uh huh, that too," Mary Beth whispered as she stopped on the edge of the seat.
Jerry was grinning as he held out his hand and stepped back. When he moved back, Mary Beth's eyes dropped to the big X of a scar on his left knee. It was obviously older than hers by a long shot. The lines were a lighter color than his tan where hers were pinker than her white skin.
Mary Beth shivered and looked up at Jerry's face as she realized something. She hadn't really noticed his stiff legged walk since they had left the first feeder on her mom's property. She told him that.
Jerry nodded. "I haven't really noticed your rolling gait either. Its just part of who you are. But then again, with you being naked... I've... uh... been a little distracted."
Mary Beth smiled and took his hand. As she stepped down from the truck she whispered, "And you told me I didn't have any tactical skills."
"Female wiles and tactics aren't the same thing."
"I got you naked and out in the woods all alone, didn't I?"
"Uh, wait a minute. I thought that was my plan."
Mary Beth giggled and whispered, "I just let you think it was all your plan."
Jerry laughed. "I think this relationship is going to be a lot of fun."
"And very therapeutic," Mary Beth whispered as she squatted down slowly, her hands going to his hard dick.
Jerry's eyes grew wide as she pulled on his dick. He took a half step forward and she looked up at him as the tip of her tongue brushed lightly over the head of his dick. Jerry groaned softly and then groaned even louder as she sucked on the head and swirled her tongue around it.
"I... I... I..." he stammered and then moaned as she sucked even more of his shaft into her warm wet mouth. When she bobbed her head about three times holding suction on him, he came with a gush, his hips moving back and forth to a rhythm of their own.
Him suddenly coming caught Mary Beth totally off guard. Without thinking she swallowed and then moaned loudly. She had never done that before. She had always been a spitter. Her eyes closed as his dick continued to move in her mouth and she moaned even longer and louder. Her hips were shaking and shivering as she came right along with him.
*****
Mary Beth sighed deeply and then giggled. Jerry's dick was soft but still in her mouth. She was still squatted down but her head was resting against his hip. She raised her head holding suction on his dick. It came out of her mouth with a slurping sound. She looked up to see Jerry looking down at her with wonder on his face.
"I've never done either of those before," she whispered.
"Uh... what?" Jerry replied.
Mary Beth felt her face grow hot as she stood up. "I've uh... never swallowed before and I've never came while giving a blowjob either. Not that I've given that many of them."
Jerry opened his mouth and then closed it. He groaned softly and whispered, "I've never came so fast in my life. I... I tried to warn you but it was too late."
"Over stimulation on both our parts would be my guess," she whispered.
Jerry nodded and said, "Uh... ya think so?"
Mary Beth looked down and giggled. "I think I broke it."
Jerry grinned. "With you being naked, it'll be back up in no time at all. I love looking at you."
Mary Beth shivered as she whispered, "I love you looking at me also. That's what got me so turned on in the first place."
"And I thought it was my irresistible charm."
"You're cute but... I'm almost twenty five and only today did I figure out I had an exhibitionist streak," Mary Beth said as she turned and walked to the front of the truck.
Jerry watched her walk away and then chuckled. "So I guess that makes me the voyeur."
"It's a dirty job but someone has to do it," Mary Beth whispered as she looked at Jerry.
Jerry walked over and stood behind her. He put his arms around her and she leaned back against him. "So what do you think of this as a building site?"
Mary Beth moved back until her ass was against his hot dick. She shifted her hips from side to side and then shivered as his dick settled between the cheeks of her ass as it hardened slightly. She sighed as she moved his hands farther up to cover her breasts. He gently squeezed the small mounds and she whimpered softly.
A moment later she whispered, "I think this is perfect and uh, the building site is great also."
Jerry laughed as he squeezed her breasts again. "Distractions are so much fun."
"Speaking of distractions... We need to be especially careful until we get the house built. Accidents can screw up more than..." Mary Beth paused and sighed. "Maybe bad things happen for good reasons."
Jerry leaned in and kissed her on the side of the neck. "You have to make the best out of the hands you're dealt, as my grandpa always said."
Mary Beth grinned and squeezed his hands, which squeezed her breasts. "My mother is going to have a fit, ya know."
Jerry chuckled and kissed her neck again. "And how is that different from normal?"
"What's your dad going to say?"
"He'll throw a party to end all parties."
"So he's that anxious to get rid of you, huh?"
Jerry laughed. "Get rid of me, no. Anyway, where else are we going to live until we get this place livable."
Mary Beth groaned. "I, uh, I... hadn't given that any thought. My mother would have a cow."
Jerry kissed and then nibbled on her neck. She shivered and tilted her head to the side more. More kisses, licks and nibbles made her whimper softly. He lifted his head and asked, "So are we getting married or living in sin?"
Mary Beth gasped and turned around quickly. He had a serious look on his face so she took the question as serious. "Uh, we're, uh, moving a little fast here aren't we? We're getting to know each other quickly but..."
"When something is right, it's right no matter how little time is involved."
"But, but, neither of us have even used the "L" word."
"Lust or love?" Jerry asked with a grin.
Mary Beth laughed and shook her head. "Lust has been so thick you could cut it with a knife."
"Love is something you grow like a flower. It takes time and cultivating," Jerry said softly.
Mary Beth's eyes grew wide and then she blinked several times rapidly. "Yeah," she said with a little awe in her voice at what he said. Then she grinned and added, "It also takes fertilizer and I ain't talking bullshit."
Jerry chuckled and winked at her. "What do you think the lust is for?"
The next thing she knew, Mary Beth was up on her toes with her arms around his neck, kissing him passionately. Jerry wrapped his arms around her and kissed her in return. Soon they were both whimper and moaning as his hands roamed her body and she rubbed her body against his sensuously.
As suddenly as she had started to kiss him, she broke the kiss and looked up into his eyes. "We're crazy," she whispered.
"And?" He asked with a smile.
She leaned her head on his chest and sighed. "I think I've wasted enough time on ands."
Jerry nodded and kissed the top of her head. "I do love you."
Mary Beth nodded against his chest. "As crazy as it is, I believe you. I also love you."
"See, that wasn't so hard, now was it?"
Mary Beth grinned as she rubbed her lower belly against his hard hot dick. "There's hard and then there's hard," she whispered with a giggle.
The wind swirled around them and it started to rain hard. They were both laughing as they scrambled to get in the truck. The drops had been large and cold. He started the truck so they had heat. She dug out her t-shirt to use as a towel.
Jerry grinned as he took the t-shirt out of her hand, leaned over, and licked her wet breasts with his wide hot tongue. Mary Beth groaned long and loud as he did. She moaned as he licked and sucked on her sensitive nipples. Shot after shot of pure pleasure headed straight for her sex.
Somehow she ended up laying flat on the seat with him between her thighs as his tongue worked down across her belly to the short hair on her mound. His hands under her ass cheeks lifted and his tongue speared into her sopping wet sex. The building orgasm crashed down on her so suddenly she couldn't breath. When his tongue found her clit, she took a deep gasping breath as the orgasm rolled on and on.
*****
The fluffy pink endorphin induced hazy in Mary Beth's brain was a wonderful feeling. Her body felt well and truly satisfied but... She wiggled her hips. Something was tickling her anus. A hot lick up the length of her ass crack made her whimper softly and to wiggle again. She opened one eye to see Jerry's head still between her thighs.
Jerry saw her eye open and grinned at her. "Things were so messy, I had to do a little cleaning up." He dipped his tongue between her ass cheeks for another full lick.
Mary Beth groaned and wiggled her hips. "You're trying to kill me right?"
Jerry chuckled. "Far, far from it."
"That's virgin territory back there," she whispered.
"Ah, that explains all the moaning and wiggling. I thought you just liked it," Jerry said as he licked her ass again.
Mary Beth wiggled and moaned. "I do, I do. It... was never done before. Mark wasn't all that oral, shall we say."
Jerry grinned and lowered her ass to the seat. "I'm oral enough to be considered a lesbian in some circles."
Mary Beth gave the young man a sharp look and asked, "What do you know about lesbians? In this town, where do you know about lesbians?"
"There is a group that comes over to the Community Dance ever so often. I've made friends with most of them over the years. Two of them own the farm across the road from my dad's place. They're great with a garden but don't know much about cows."
Mary Beth came up on her elbows and asked with a grin, "So you taught them about cows and they taught you what?"
Jerry laughed and shook his head. "I think I'll keep my mouth shut and save myself some hurting."
Mary Beth took a deep breath and whispered, "I know all about lesbians. There are quite a few in the military. Not that I ever did anything but I had offers, you understand."
"Your other two friends?"
Mary Beth nodded. "They were a couple even before they joined up."
"Nothing wrong with that," Jerry said as he backed up and turned to sit down. He then asked, "How are you getting to therapy?"
Mary Beth's eyes were on his hard dick. "Why didn't you... uh... you know?"
Jerry looked down at his dick and then over at the young woman with her legs still spread wide. "I was... uh... sorely tempted but no birth control remember."
Mary Beth grinned. "When I call the VA to set up my appointments for therapy, I'll make an appointment with the doctor."
"How about your appointments with the shrink?"
Mary Beth pushed up on her hands and grinned. "Those too. The conversation about today should be interesting."
Jerry chuckled. "Only in the fact that you'll find out you're more normal than you think."
"You're the best medicine I've found ever," she whispered as she sat up. Her eyes dropped to his hard dick. "Since I can't have a shot, I guess I should take my medicine orally."
Jerry groaned softly as he turned sideways in the seat. "You won't ever get any complaints out of me."
Mary Beth grinned broadly as she took her time moving over and laying down on the seat with her head right above his dick. As she raised his dick up, she whispered, "I wonder if I'll come when you do again?"
"Only one way to find out," Jerry replied and then groaned loudly as she tried to swallow him whole.
It took twice as long to get him off this time but they both enjoyed every minute of it. He came, she swallowed, and came, not as hard as before but satisfying in any case.
*****
Mary Beth had a big smile on her face as she got out of the truck to open the gate between the pastures. Jerry pulled through. She closed the gate and got back in the truck. "We really should get dressed," he said with a grin. "I'd hate to roll up to the barn naked and find your mamma and sister have gotten home."
"In which case, we make a run for it out the driveway."
"Uh, that would be hard to do with your mother's truck in the way."
Mary Beth picked her t-shirt up off the seat and made a sour face. With a sigh, she shook it out and slipped it on over her head. Looking at him she smiled. "I'm half way there."
Jerry chuckled and opened his door. He took his time putting his clothes on as he watched Mary Beth. She had turned in the seat to face him, had her legs spread wide, and was teasing her pussy. She wasn't sure which made her shiver harder, her fingers or his eyes.
By the time he was dressed, Mary Beth was close to coming again. Jerry grinned at her after he had his boots on, reached out, and grabbed an ankle with each hand. The next thing she knew, she was flat on her back on the far edge of the seat with her feet high in the air.
It only took a few minutes for Jerry's tongue on her clit to set her off. Her hips were flexing so hard that he lost contact with her clit. The next thing she knew, she was rolled up with his tongue fucking her sex. That just kept the orgasm rolling.
*****
Jerry stopped by the end of the back porch and put the truck in park. Mary Beth's mother's truck wasn't in the driveway. With a grin, Mary Beth turned and crawled on top of him as best she could with the steering wheel in the way. The kiss was long lingering and filled with promises of things to come.
As she broke the kiss, he asked, "What about the barn rules?"
Mary Beth laughed. "After what all we did, I don't think either of us will talk out of turn."
"Your mother would kill me," Jerry said with a grin.
"Make that, both of us, if she knew any of it. Me running around naked would be enough, believe me."
Jerry pulled her head forward for another kiss. This one held more passion. With a groan, Mary Beth broke the kiss and backed up off of him. "No, no, no," she whispered as she turned and sat down on the seat. "You need to get out of here before mom shows up and we have to make up some half assed lies."
"Uh, how about Saturday night?" Jerry asked.
Mary Beth grinned. "I'll be ready by seven so don't be late."
"That's good to know but I was talking about your mom's questions when I show up for us to go out."
Opening the door, Mary Beth slid over toward the edge of the seat and turned to wink at him. "That's easy. I'll start early with how I saw you coming in the driveway and how we got to talking as I rode around with you as you fed the cows. You asked me out so..."
Jerry grinned at her. "Keep it simple and use the parts of the truth that don't incriminate us. You're one devious lady and you'll go far believe me."
Mary Beth laughed as she got out of the truck. "As far as the back pasture anyway."
When Jerry laughed, she looked at him hard with a serious expression on her face. He stopped laughing sharply and said, "What?"
"You better have a brand new box of condoms and a can of wet wipes in the glove box of this truck or your dancing days will be over shorter than a New York minute," she said and then grinned as she shut the door.
Jerry just stared at her for several seconds and then laughed as she blew him a kiss and turned to walk down the porch with her rolling gait.
She bent at the waist to retrieve her shoes. As she straightened up, he blew the horn and waved as he pulled away. She had a big grin on her face as she went in the house.
"I think a nice hot bath is just what the doctor ordered." She paused to sniff at her armpit. "Not to mention I smell raunchy and mother has a sharp nose."