It all started from watching groping porn on the internet.
One night, I stopped by the local adult theater, a young couple came in behind me, the guy dressed in jeans and shirt, the woman in a sweater dress that left her shoulders bare. After buying tickets, we headed in together, after looking at the choices, they went to one theater, I to a another. 15 minutes later, they came into the screen I was in, stood to the side for a few minutes, then sat down in a row, like nothing was out of place. On the screen, a brunette was in the midst of a 3 some with a couple. The theater wasn't full, maybe 10 guys. After a few minutes, the guy sitting behind them leaned forward and started to rub her shoulder and neck, when she made no move to stop him, he leaned in further, then whispered something in her ear.
He then moved to their row, sitting beside her, standing to the side, I could see as he began to rub her breast over her sweater, he leaned over and said something to her, she smiled, he pulled her sweater and bra strap down to one side, fully exposing her breast, he played with it, then began to suck on it, then started to rub her thigh. Her husband sat beside her holding hands, then as if on cue, he got up and stood at the wall, within seconds, another man took his place, he too said something, she smiled, he pulled down the other side of her sweater and bra, fully exposing her breasts, then began to suck on her other breast, the first guy had his hand under her dress, spreading her legs he was rubbing her pussy, she was ploughed her seat, letting out little moans, enjoying it, this went on for maybe 15 minutes, then she had enough, she started to sit up, moving them away, as she moved out of the aisle I could see she was flushed, she fixed her clothes as they left.
This was a massive turn-on, I wondered if I could get my wife Dee to try it. In our younger days, when dating we had gone to a couple of adult theaters, but I would never have thought of doing something like this. Although on a few occasions I rubbed her pussy, or got her to rub my cock before going home for sex.
That weekend, we went to dinner and a movie, since it was summer, Dee wore a light dress, not very revealing, that came to her knees. On the way home, I spontaneously turned into the adult theater. She gave me a sly grin, had she known my plan, she might not have. After perusing the videos and toys, we bought tickets to the movies, and headed to the first screen. We stood to the side letting our eyes adjust, I could tell, the attention shifted from the blonde being railed on the screen, to the woman standing by the wall.
When we sat down, my hand on Dee's leg, she had hold of my arm. Nothing happened for probably 10 minutes, suddenly Dee jumped and shifted forward. She said someone behind her was rubbing her neck, then tried to move her dress strap. I whispered if she didn't like it, we'd leave, she said it just startled her. Instead of watching the movie, now I was watching her, minutes went by and she squeezed me again, turning slightly, I could see a hand on her right shoulder. When neither of us moved to stop him, he got bolder, then got up, came around, he gave her a smile and sat down. After a few minutes, he started to rub the outside of her breast, she didn't move, but had a firm grip on my arm. When he reached to full on fondle her breast she had a tight grip on my arm, he then reached up to move the shoulder of her dress, then she had enough.
I gave it a few weeks, lying in bed one night I was watching a groping video online, Dee came in to bed and asked what I was watching, she cuddled in, we watched 3 or 4 videos. When they ended, she said she wanted to fuck, as I got between her legs, she quickly pulled me into her, she was already wet and ready to go, when I whispered in her ear how wet she was, and that the videos must have turned her on, she immediately orgasmed.
Few nights later, watching the same videos, I made a sly comment about what happened a few weeks earlier. Dee said that the whole experience was weird, it kind of creeped her out, but also was kind of kinky. She then reached down and started to stroke my cock, which quickly led to fucking.
That weekend, coming home from the dinner with friends, as we drove by the theater, I abruptly turned in. In the summer Dee always wears some type of summer dress, either ankle length, or just above the knee. Tonight, it was knee length, but whereas the previous one was more modest, had sleeves and shoulders, this one was more of a sweater on top and shifted to one side. Before entering, we had worked out, that she would squeeze my arm if someone touched her, and again if she was uncomfortable we would leave. Once in the theater, we stood against the wall, Dee was on my left, I felt her jump, she whispered a man was behind her rubbing her ass. She then led me to a row and we sat down. Within a few minutes, someone started to rub her shoulder, and tried to slip the sweater aside. She reached back, moved the sweater back in place, but let him keep rubbing.
I felt a second hand on the other shoulder, she said it was the same guy, he was rubbing her shoulders and playing with her hair. After a few minutes, he came around to sit beside her. He smiled at her, but didn't say anything, then started to rub her arm, then the outline of her breast, he moved to fondle her over her dress, she had a tight grip on my arm, but whispered she was still fine, after a few minutes her gripe relaxed. He then said something to her, she smiled, he moved to pull her dress and bra strap down so he could bare her breast and play with it. Then a guy behind her on my side leaned up, tried slide the sweater over, but couldn't do anything more.
Not content to play with her bared breast, he leaned down to suck on it, her grip on my arm would alternate, I felt her squirm a few times, she was getting turned on. He put his hand on her leg and started to rub it, when he moved his hand between her legs, she grabbed it and told him no, when he didn't take the hint, she pushed him away and was ready to go. She led as we walked to the car, despite being in flats, I could see she was a bit unsteady, as we left the parking lot, she leaned over and started to give me a blow job. As soon as we were in the house, she yanked off her dress and pulled me to the sofa, she was ready to fuck.
We didn't talk about that night. A few nights later, I was watching more of the groping videos when Dee came in. As she cuddled in beside me, watching, we started to talk about what happened. She said as long as no one tried to fuck her, force her, and that when she said enough, we left, she kind of enjoyed it.
Life caught up to us over the next couple months, two months went by, early fall, we were invited to a nice dinner party, Dee wore a snug fitting off the shoulder sweater top, a strapless bra, a short skirt, and a shawl on her shoulders. Around 10 pm, on the way home I detoured to the adult theater, she didn't say anything, but grinned. We walked the store, then bought tickets for the theater.
Entering the theater, Dee was ahead of me, another man had walked in as well, instead of being directly behind her, I was slightly to her left, holding her hand, he stood beside me, in the theater light, I watched as he reached out to rub her ass. She lightly swatted it away, then walked to a row with 3 seats. Dee in the middle, myself on the end. We sat, my arm on her leg, her hand holding my arm, on the screen a young redhead was in a 3-some with another couple, within seconds, I felt a hand brush my shoulder as it touched her shoulder, she had left her shawl in the car. He was rubbing her shoulder, and started to play with her hair. When he couldn't reach any further, he came around and sat next to her. He started to rub her arm, then the outline of her breast, he whispered something, she smiled and nodded, he slid the sweater down (I didn't realize that as I got out and came around the car for her, she quickly unsnapped and removed the bra), one arm, once her breast was exposed he began to play with it. I watched what was happening, watching her expression, as he bared it she had a tight grip on my arm, then quickly eased off. He then started to suck it, his hand was rubbing her other breast over her sweater, he pulled it down completely to play with her other breast. Her grip on my arm totally relaxed, she slouched slightly in the seat, enjoying the attention.
A second hand came over her right shoulder, but couldn't reach very far. The guy on her left started to rub her leg, her skirt was almost knee length, when he started to slide it up, she grabbed his hand, didn't push it away, just stopped it, actually holding it in place. He then took her hand and put it in his lap, she pulled it back, when he put his hand back on her leg, she grabbed it told him not to move, just leave it. She shuddered, gasp, a few squirms, she was done, ready to leave, she took my hand and pulled her sweater up, as she unsteadily walked out, a man by the door rubbed her ass as we passed by. As soon as we were in the car, she begged me to fuck her, she didn't care where, she needed to fuck. I stopped on a dark road, got her out of the car and bent her over the hood, I yanked her panties down, I couldn't recall her being this wet as I slipped inside her. We fucked like animals before I filled her pussy with cum. She pulled her panties up and we headed home. Once in the house, she dropped to her knees, sucking me hard, I lifted her on the table and fucked her again, this time shooting on her stomach and tits. The next morning, she wanted to fuck, she told me how good the previous night was, that she was still turned on.
Couple months went by, it was early winter, a chilly night, we had dinner with friends. On our way home, Dee pointed out the theater, I said we should stop. Just before we left the restaurant, Dee went to the restroom, since she had on a long coat I didn't pay attention. As I went to help her out of the car, she removed her coat, she was wearing a sweater dress that was slightly off-shoulder, came to almost her knees, but buttoned down the front (when we left for dinner, she was dressed modestly in slacks and nice top), she gave me a wicked grin, and strode to the door.
We bought our tickets and headed in. Dee entered first, inside the door I was behind, to her right, I'm not sure she realized there was a man to her left against the wall. I watched him reach out and feel her ass, she didn't move, he lifted her dress to feel her bare ass, he continued for a few minutes, finally she headed for a row. As before, Dee in the middle, me on the end, she had hold of my arm. The movie, a brunette was in a threesome with two guys, blowing one while being fucked by the other. This time, though, a guy came across the row in front of us and sat leaving a seat between him and Dee. He wasn't doing anything, just sitting there. After a few minutes, Dee, squeezed my arm, I glanced and could see he had pulled down her sweater, and playing with her breast (I hadn't seen him move closer). As she squeezed me again, I felt a hand on her right shoulder rubbing her shoulder and neck. I leaned over, making the hand leave, I whispered for her to fold her in her lap, if she was uncomfortable or ready to leave, just say. I removed my arm as I leaned away, the hand came back.
The man to her left then pulled the sweater down fully, I knew already she wasn't wearing a bra, exposing both breasts. He leaned down to suck on one, and play with the other. The man behind reached over to grab her breast, but couldn't quite reach. The guy took his hand away and moved to her leg, rubbing her thigh over her dress. He moved his hand to the hem, I could see as he inched the material higher, briefly, she gave resistance, before letting him. She then slouched a bit in the seat, by the look on her face, she was enjoying the attention. He then took hold of her hands, then taking her left hand, he moved it to his lap, she made no effort to pull back. He moved his hand back to her leg, her dress now pushed up to mid-thigh, his hand rubbing bare skin, he tried to spread her legs but she refused, he moved back to playing with one breast while sucking on the other. Her eyes were slitted, she was enjoying the attention.
As carefully as I could, I got up moving to the wall, watching her as I did, I'm not sure she knew I left, the man behind her quickly took my spot, the guy on her left moved his hand and the newcomer started to play with her right breast, then suck on it. Her eye's opened, I think she thought it was me, and made no move to stop him. There were maybe 15 guys in the theater, the movie now forgotten, everyone was watching her. The guy on the left reached to undo his fly, pulling out his cock, he put Dee's hand on it, she pulled back, but then relented and began to slowly stroke it. He moved his hand back to her leg, rubbing her thigh, when he reached further, she willingly spread her legs for him.
He pushed her dress up higher, exposing her fully, I could see his hand rubbing her shaved pussy, she let out a moan and spread her legs fully, the man on her right began to rub her thigh as well. Suddenly she let out a squeal, from my vantage point, I could tell he was fingering her.
The man on her right moved her hand to his lap, she was squeezing his cock through his pants. She was in heaven, one man sucking each breast, her pussy being fingered, she made no attempt to hide her actions.
This lasted for 15 minutes, she was squirming, moaning, her body shining with sweat, then it hit, she orgasmed, her whole body convulsed, she screamed. Both men pulled back, I stepped towards her, thinking that was it, she was done for, covered in sweat, a sheen to her, slouched in the chair panting. The guy on her right got up so I could sit down, she came too, turned and pulled me in for a kiss. I asked if she was ready to leave, she was still floating, her eyes barely open, she didn't respond at first, she said no, she wanted to fuck. She was still squeezing the bare cock next to her, he started to get up, she said no, but pulled him to her, she sat up to blow him, while reaching to rub her own clit.
I sat and watched, she proceeded to give him the best blow job she could, sucking him like a champ, his hands tangled in her hair, she didn't let up. She started whimpering, and doubling her efforts to suck him off, he was groaning, I could see several men rubbing their crotches or openly jacking off. Suddenly Dee let out a squeal, the guy groaned, pulling her head in tight as he shot his load down her throat. Dee made no effort to stop him, keeping her lips tight around his cock. When he was done, she leaned back, he quickly zipped up and left, after a few minutes she came back to earth and said she was ready to leave.
I helped her up, she fixed her dress, pushed back her hair, she unsteadily headed for the door, several men still stroking cocks, but all smiling at her as we left. Instead of heading straight to the car, she wanted to walk around the store for a few, we left with a couple of new toys. When I opened the car door for her, she pulled me in for a kiss, grabbing my cock, saying she expected a hard fuck when we got home. She got her wish, twice, again in the morning.
We've gone back a few more times, but the furthest she's gone since is to allow her breasts to be bared, she said the mood hasn't struck her again.