This story is the third and last of the Elsa - Tomb Raider series. The first of the series is "A Promise by Moonlight", and the second is "Trapping the Raider". As in the other stories, Elsa's curiosity and passionate nature get her into trouble, but Professor Ken Connors and love of her life is always there to protect her.
This is a new genre for me, and I was not sure what category to fit this story into. It could be erotic horror, Sci-Fi or BDSM, but at its core it is always an erotic love story, with some erotic horror mixed in. Of course, all characters are over 21. It will definitely not start out as a love story, but it will get there. Please vote often (fives are most welcome) and of course please leave constructive comments.
PS -- If you have fantasies, ideas, etc. for new stories please let me know, that includes twists on existing stories, and I will see what I can do. Many of my stories have started out that way. This story is the last of the Elsa -- Tomb Raider Series.

Ghost in the Tomb

Chapter 3

Present Day

Elsa along with her mentor, lover and husband Ken were on a major dig in jungles of Columbia close to the border of Panama. They were working on an Inca site that was supposed to be a sacred place for the Incan god of the underworld. The god was in the shape of a large serpent and his name was Uku Pacha.
Uku Pacha was at different times the God of the underworld or Inner world, the dead, new life, harvesting, fertility and was one of the trilogies of Inca Gods. The other two Gods were: Hanan Pacha or the Condor who ruled over the heavens, and Kay Pacha or the Puma who represented the earthly world. Uku Pacha or the serpent ruled over the inner world. Together they were the Pacha God Trilogy or ruler over a sphere of the cosmos, with three spheres defining the cosmos.
The least studied of the God Trilogy was Uku Pacha. Elsa and Ken were determined to make a breakthrough in the study of the large serpent. They first flew into Panama City and stayed there three days while they gathered everything necessary for a dig in the jungle. On the fourth day, they drove three hours on horrible roads to La Palma, where they spent the night. They laid out their maps and discussed their plan.
The route followed the Pan-American highway until they reached the Darién Gap. The Darién Gap is a geographic region between the North and South American continents, consisting of a large watershed, forest, and mountains in the northern portion of Columbia. Roadbuilding through this area is expensive and detrimental to the environment. Political consensus in favor of road construction collapsed after an initial attempt failed in the early 1970s, resuming in 1992 only to be halted by serious environmental concerns.
The geography of the Darién Gap on the Colombian side is dominated primarily by the Atrato River delta, which creates a flat marshland approximately fifty miles wide. The Panamanian side, in stark contrast, is a mountainous rainforest with terrain reaching to heights of over six thousand feet at the tallest peak.
The Darién Gap is home to at least five vicious native tribes, bloodthirsty FARC rebels, Narcos Traffickers and also includes Pumas, black scorpions, Fer-de-lance pit vipers, Brazilian Wandering Spiders, ticks, and Botflies. Then there is the heat, dirty water, spiked Chunga Trees and even unexploded cold war bombs. In other words, it's one of the most dangerous places in the world.
After their discussion of the plan, they had dinner. The food was tolerable but not very good, but that is what happened in the jungle. Both were excited about the prospect of a great discovery and for Elsa that translated into being very horny.
She seduced Ken (not that it took to much effort) and he spent hours teasing, playing with her incredibly sexy and responsive body. She had already been so turned on that it didn't take long before she felt the orgasm coming to claim her. All of her excitement was a kind of foreplay and by the time he began flicking her clit she was more turned on that she had ever been. Her cum hit like a freight train, taking her whole body by storm and while her legs quivered dramatically, the rest of her body jerked once, then twice and yet a third time.
The orgasmic convulsions shook the bed, her screams of satisfaction echoed through the tiny B and B and there was no doubt to anyone what had happened. She felt the euphoria hit her like a tsunami and likewise it swept her away on a wave of glorious rapture. Elsa was trying to bask in her afterglow when her husband took her again and again with his perfect cock. Her orgasms were many, vocal and wildly exuberant as he played her sexy form like a fiddle. When they were both finally satiated, they cuddled until sleep took them.
The next morning, they drove to Yaviza where they spent the day gathering additional supplies, diggers, guides, and porters. Early the next day, they took four boats down the Rio Tuira until they reached its headwaters in Darien National Park. Once they entered the national park, they made their first camp and for Elsa and Ken it was a rude awakening.
Their guide posted guards at the four corners of the camp and kept a large fire burning. They didn't understand all the precautions until they heard the night calls of all the animals. The jungle teemed with growls of the Pumas, snorting of the wild boars and thousands of monkeys. What they didn't know was the dangers that lurked silently. In the morning they found that out.
The guides methodically began checking everyone's shoes and to Elsa's surprise a black scorpion and a wandering spider came out of various people's shoes. A Fur-de-Lance pit viper was found underneath one of their luggage packs and now everyone was on high alert. At this point, it was bushwhacking through jungle, and it was hard, hot, and sweaty work. The second day they only made five miles through the dense jungle.
Every day afterwards they increased their speed until they were doing seven miles a day. The nightly camps were serious business to keep them safe, and sleep was hard to come by, but exhaustion eventually took over and they slept. At some point, they crossed into Columbia, but only the GPS let them know that.
Elsa had done extensive research on possible locations of the Inca site they were looking for and she had five sites clustered about fifty miles inside Columbia. She also had GPS coordinates and after ten grueling days, led the group to their first potential site. Ken set up a search grid and handed out assignments for the various members of the expedition to search. The first night was spent catching up on long neglected sleep, but the nights were still full of danger.
They spent the next two weeks searching the site for clues and any potential hints of what may lie buried in the jungle. Some days they found an artifact or two, but nowhere did they find the large serpent statue that would mark the entrance to Uku Pacha's chamber. After fourteen grueling days in the heat, they gave up on this site.
After being unable to uncover any clues to the whereabouts of the Uku Pacha chamber, they decided to try the next location Elsa had uncovered. During their hike through the jungle, they barely missed running into some drug traffickers, and they hid for an hour before they felt it was safe to move on. They also found a fresh Puma kill that made them even more wary of this dangerous place. After two days of bushwhacking, they located Elsa's second site coordinates and set up camp.
Once again, Ken set up a search grid and they methodically worked the grid until there was none left. Another two weeks with nothing to show for their work, morale was low. Elsa felt all the pressure on her, after all it was her research and she had come up with the potential coordinates. However, Elsa and Ken knew glorious finds and eureka moments came at the expense of hard work, so they still worked hard and kept up the morale.
At the end of the two weeks, they bushwhacked to the third site. Still, Elsa really hoped that the third time was the charm and when they reached the coordinates, she had a substantial feeling that this was the place. It only took two days before they found a huge serpent carving and knew that this was the place. The carving led to an apparent stone wall, but Ken found a crack that he eventually widened into an opening. After a lot of hard work, they uncovered a ritual chamber for Uku Pacha. That night they celebrated with a good meal and slept late into the morning. Ken spent the rest of the day photographing the find and laying out grid coordinates for anything they might find.
The next day began the drudge work of archeology, slowly and methodically unearthing artifacts, cataloging them, photographing them, and preserving them. On the fifth day, Elsa found a weird looking structure away from the main dig. It didn't fit with the rest of the Uku Pacha find. She began to study it in earnest and things got even stranger. Nothing fit the Inca architecture, designs, or any kind of religious artifacts. It just didn't fit, and she was perplexed.
So, she began the expand her search beyond Ken's grid structure and within a day she found something that totally didn't fit. It was a carving of a feathered serpent. She didn't have any knowledge of a feathered serpent in the Inca God structure. However, in the Mayan religious structure the feathered serpent was the symbol of Kukulkan, but that was ten decades earlier than the Incan empire.
She sat down trying to understand what she was seeing. Is it possible that the Inca's and Mayans worshiped the same God? If so, this would break open the studies of the Incan and Mayan empires. But could it be something else? Could it be that the Incan's built their Uku Pacha chamber on top of the Mayan Kukulkan worship chamber? If so, why?
Was it a way to bury the Mayan influences or maybe it was a practical reason and they wanted to use the solid structure as a base for their Uku Pacha chamber? Either way, this was a huge find and the mixing of Incan and Mayan empires was unprecedented. What did that mean? Was Kukulkan a precursor to Uku Pacha or were they trying to hide or destroy any sacrifice to Kukulkan. Her mind began to hurt thinking about all the possibilities and decided to begin her study of the site and let the artifacts show her the truth.
Elsa began to lay out a rough grid and carefully searching each area for clues. She knew that she should go and bring in Ken, but she really wanted this to be her discovery. She already had three huge discoveries and had already made a name for herself in the archeological community, but this had the potential to blow conventual history away.
Her search didn't reveal any startling artifacts or real discoveries, but the carving of Kukulkan appeared to be more sophisticated than previous carvings that she has seen. Was the timing different from previous Mayan empire timelines or just a better artist? Still, no clues as to what is going on, but that was when Elsa dug in and worked harder to confirm her discovery.
It was getting late when she discovered a sealed door that apparently led to a secret chamber. The hairs on the back of her neck stood up with excitement. This could be it; this could be the reason why the Incan's built on top of the Mayan structure. As she examined the door, she found an inscription and without her research notes she could only guess at the full meaning. It seemed to say, 'Stay away, you will be taken inside'.
She contemplated what all of this meant. Could it be some diabolical boobytrap? She shivered as she remembered the tentacle monster that tortured her sexually when she found the Conquistadors treasure in Panama. Could this be a similar trap? At this point she knew that she needed to get Ken and go into the chamber ready for anything, but she wanted this to be her find. Elsa sat on her haunches and thought about what her next step would be. The thrill of discovery overruled the logic of what she knew needed to happen and she began to search for ways to open the door.
After an hour of searching, she found a loose stone that when removed revealed a release to the door and without giving it a second thought she pulled the release. With a hiss of moldy, stale air the door opened. Before she chickened out, she stepped through the door and turned on her flashlight.
The interior was filled with artifacts and the thrill of discovery shimmered through her body. She excitedly panned her flashlight around the room taking in all the items. The chamber was dominated by an altar at the farthest point in the room. It looked like a typical Mayan altar used for the sacrifice of young women to Kukulkan. Next to the altar, laying on a bench was the mummified remains of a young lady.
The remains on the bench did not look like the typical virgin sacrifice. She looked a little older, but it was hard to tell with the remains so mummified. Still with her fine bone structure she looked as if she had been a rare beauty. In addition, she did not look butchered like so many other sacrifices had been, as a matter of fact her skin did not appear to be cut at all. Who was she and why was she here?
As her flashlight continued to pan around the room, she saw a mummified man slumped against the wall. Even in his mummified state, he was huge by Mayan standards and must have been well over six feet tall when alive. Is that why he was buried here? Was he a deity, king or special warrior? It was then she noticed his monstrous erection and even mummified it was still imposing. Then she remembered reading about a myth in which a special death was imposed on errant lovers that touched a king's harem, wife, or queen. Could this possibly be a validation of that myth?
Elsa took a step forward to examine the mummified remains when she tripped a release and the door slammed shut with a loud bang. All the light left the room as the door shut and Elsa was left with only her flashlight. She turned and immediately began searching for a release to open the door from the inside, but she couldn't find one. A cold wind washed over her, but there was no wind in the chamber. The cold wind seemed to settle over her breasts and between her legs.
It was then that she remembered the rest of the myth. The lover would be doomed to wander the afterlife with an erection until released via an orgasm, but the other part of the myth stated that an orgasm was impossible to achieve without a live host. As the cold chill began to open and seep through her clothes, Elsa muttered, "Oh Shit, what have I gotten into?"