During a recent trip to the city Todd and Shelly decided to stay the night at a local Motel because they had doctor appointments two days in a roll. Shelly had been teasing Todd the whole trip about some sexy outfits she was bringing. Todd was super excited because it had been a while since they had stayed the night away from home. They got to the motel and checked in and just rested for a while before they decided to go out for some diner. They ate at one of their favorite restaurants and it was a nice romantic meal. Once again she was teasing Todd about when they got back to the motel asking if he was ready for a great night.
After they returned back to the motel around 9 Todd laid down and Shelly went to the bathroom to change. He immediately got naked as he was very excited about all the teasing and flirting she had done that day. Shelly came out in some sexy lingerie and laid down in bed with Todd. They kissed several times and it didn't take long before she noticed he was naked.
Their motel room had a huge mirror and Todd knew how much Shelly liked to watch as they made love. After several passionate kisses he climbed on top of her and slid his hard cock into her wet pussy. She gasped for air she didn't expect him to go right to it but after all the teasing he couldn't stand it any longer. He slipped the straps off her shoulders and pulled her lingerie down around her waist. Todd didn't have to worry about her panties because she knows Todd likes it when Shelly don't wear any and she didn't have on any this night.
After several minutes of passionate sex Todd turned her over and placed pillows under Shelly's stomach for comfort and to get her butt in the air so It would have easy access to that pussy. Now she was facing the mirror, watching him as he screwed her pussy doggy style. He stuck his cock in as far as he could and reached down and pulled her hair pulling Shelly's head back so she could get a better look at Todd slamming her pussy. He screwed her as hard as he could without cuming. Todd was getting so close that he had to stop a few times. After reaching the point of cuming he stopped and laid down on Shelly's back and whispered in her ear "Now that you have watched me screw you, now it's someone else's turn to watch." Shelly thought he was just talking dirty but Todd was not just talking for he had other plans!
Todd immediately took Shelly to the window and sat her down on the window seal. It was actually a extra bed with a big window, and they was on the ground level. He had checked earlier to see what was on the outside of their window and noticed that less than 5 feet away was a seating area, perhaps a break area for the workers at the motel or a smoke area for people staying at the motel. Whatever it was it was a obviously frequently used area.
After Todd got Shelly to the window he pulled the curtains half way open got between her legs and continued making love to her. Todd told her to lean back and see if anyone was out there. Shelly leaned back and said "YES, they're four men out there!"
Todd could tell by the sound of her voice how excited Shelly was about this which in return had made him even more excited. Shelly began thrusting her pussy hard against his cock making him harder than before. Todd asked "Do you wish the men were watching?"
"YES" Shelly said without hesitation.
Todd asked again "Do you wish they would join us?"
Again Shelly said "YES, YES!" Todd was so close to cuming but he was trying to wait for her.

Todd asked "How many could you handle?"
"ALL FOUR OF THEM" Shelly screamed. Todd immediately pulled his cock out and came all over Shelly's wet pussy! Shelly just laid back covered in Todd's cum with the curtain still opened. He kissed Shelly and turned around to go to the bathroom to get something to clean her up.
Todd hurried to get back with a warm wash cloth and was shocked at what he seen when he came out of the bathroom. Apparently while he was in the bathroom Shelly had let four men into their room. He assumed that it was the four men from outside their room window. Shelly had moved from the window to the bed with two men on each side of the bed. Todd walked to the end of the bed and said "what is going on?" Shelly was just laying naked on the bed with four strangers standing around her. Todd was scared and started over to where he had earlier placed their gun thinking they had broke in on them.
"I let them in Todd, This is the four men that was watching us. THEY noticed that you cumed and I didn't so I pecked on the window and told them to come around to the door and I would let them in!" you said.
"You did what" Todd screamed! Todd just stood there looking at Shelly thinking she must be crazy.
"Thats right, you heard me! They are going to finish what you started!" Just then the men grabbed Todd and threw him on the other bed and tied him down. They then placed a ball gag in his mouth so he couldn't scream and blind folded him. Unfortunately that was the last thing Todd remembers, as they hit him over the head knocking him out. What happened the rest of the night Todd may never know unless Shelly tells him. Todd, afraid to ask because not knowing may be better. Will Shelly decide to tell him? Maybe she will tell her side of the story?
The End or To be continued!
TODD