Eliza and the Family Holiday - The Journey Chapter Two
New readers can read this part on its own as well as it does not include any references from the previous part however to be familiar with the whole family and their bond I would suggest you read the previous part as well.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
I kept running and running, I am sure I never ran as fast in my life. After a few minutes I realised nobody was after me so I slowed down looked around and confirmed my suspicion. I got so glad that I was safe. I returned towards that hut slowly.
I looked through the same window once again but the table was empty and Eli was nowhere in the room. I naturally got worried and started going around the house but couldn't find any other place to peek inside.
As I was passing the front door of the house I saw one of the women coming from front, she also saw me and shouted somebody's name and only in few moments I heard the door opening at my back and at the same time someone just grabbed me from the back.
They took me inside in a room and as I entered I saw Eli sitting on a chair among all of them. As soon as Eli saw me she screamed "Jamesss..." and she just came running to me and hugged me so tight while crying. I forgot my surroundings for a while and was just focused on my sister as I couldn't bear her crying. She was trying to tell me how she called and screamed for me and how relieved she was feeling seeing me.
In that moment I realised how much I actually loved Eli. I kept her in my arms for many minutes, I couldn't let her go I just kept squeezing her in my arms trying to take her in my cover. In that moment it was just love, no lust or anything only pure love for her.
We were brought back by sounds of others. They were all standing around us now. My anger reflected in my eyes probably because when I looked at one of them another one quickly said "look mate we are sorry and we apologise for this, we did not mean to scare you guys this much specially this young lady".
They offered me a chair and when I sat down Eli refused to sit in the other chair so I made her sit in my lap but she was sitting in a way as if she was now realising that she was naked so she was trying to cover up with her hands and all.
They told me that they were some actors and were filming some scenes at that place, and when they noticed us, they thought to play a prank on us, but it went a bit further than they anticipated. No matter how much they apologized, it couldn't have been enough, but Eli had calmed down now and asked me to just take her back.
They asked us why we were roaming around naked, and after a while, they offered to do anything to compensate, so I quickly asked them for fuel, and they agreed to help, but reluctantly, I felt. I didn't really care about their reluctance; for me, it would have been less even if they walked all the way to our holiday home carrying Eli in their hands.
We reached back to our car, but dad and mum had not returned, so I just filled the car and started waiting for them, along with Eli, who wasn't letting go of me at all.
Eli was alright, but still a little scared. I felt so because she asked me for her bra, which was hanging on the rear view mirror, and I thought I needed to cheer her up.
I had lost her bra somewhere while running, as it wasn't around my neck anymore. I looked around for a place to sit, and I came to Eli's back, wrapped my arms around her, put my hands on her tits, and said, "Hey, no need for a bra when I am here for you, sweetheart."
I then lifted her in my arms and walked towards a grassy patch. I sat down, keeping Eli at the front, and while talking to her, I started rubbing her tits and nipples gently just to take her mind off that horrible experience.
She still wasn't back to her refreshing self, but her nipples had become quite hard in my hands, so I moved one hand down on her pussy and started rubbing it.
Once I noticed that she was getting horny and a little wet, I turned her around and made her lay on the grass. I made her spread her legs wide apart and asked her to keep her arms over her head. I then moved myself over her, and I kissed her pink lips.
Her lips felt so sweet and delicious. I kissed either side of her neck, which tickled her. I then moved down on her chest and tits. I kissed her all over her tits, but not the nipples. I then kissed her tummy, her belly button, and the top of her pussy.
I kissed her thighs and moved back up and caressed her tits, then, sliding my tongue on her tummy down to her pussy, I licked her yummy pussy lips. While my hands fondled with her tits, I took one of her pussy lips in my teeth and started pulling it gently, to which she responded by moaning.
I slid my tongue out and inside of her pussy lips, and then, looking up at her, I pushed my tongue inside the warm yet sloppy valley of her pussy. I kept eating her while my fingers played with her nipples.
Suddenly I heard dad calling us both, so I looked back, and there he was standing next to the car with mum. I got up, helped Eli back on her feet, and walked to dad and mum.
They said a few things about how we should have a little control, telling us that they had been standing there for a while looking at us. And then dad announced that they couldn't find anything and asked us if we were in luck.
I happily told him that we found some help, to which dad responded with a long sigh of relief and said, "Son, come on, drive now and let me take the back seat for a little while."
Eli quickly said, "No, dad, let James sit with me, please." I looked at dad and then Eli, but mum interfered, scolding Eli, to which she didn't say anything, and dad smiled and put his hands on Eli's shoulders and said, "I will keep you company, my princess; don't you worry," and he kissed her on her forehead.
Both mum and dad drifted to the grassy patch and just laid there to relax. I took Eli in my arms once again and made her sit on the bonnet of the car, but she climbed off as she wanted to stay in my arms.
After a little while, dad got up and said, Let's go, but when he was about to hop in his seat, Eli asked him to sit with her and said she was sorry for saying no earlier.
Dad said, "It's alright, princess; I wanted to rest, and I am freshened up now." Eli insisted, and Dad agreed.
Even though I wanted to sit in the back with Eliza, I still felt quite comfy sitting in a better space. Dad, however, struggled to adjust to the little space in the back with Eli in his lap.
Dad asked me to drive slowly on this patch of road due to it being bumpy, but soon he got settled.
I was looking in the back mirror again and again, trying to see what dad and Eli were doing. Mum noticed it and laughed while saying, "Eliza, your brother is worried about you. Tell him how you are back there."
Before Eli could answer, dad replied, "I am trying to be your good replacement son; I am holding her by her tits." I laughed and replied, "Why are you telling me that?"
We kept teasing each other about different things when dad asked me to stop the car. Once stopped, he got out along with Eliza, took his shorts off, and threw them in my lap. He then got back in and got Eli back in his lap while adjusting her pussy on his cock, and then asked me to drive again.
Dad was enjoying the ride most among us as Eli was moving a little up and down on his cock due to the bumpy road. A little later, I said, "Dad, look at the road sign. We will reach the highway soon, and you will need to come back in this seat as I can't sit naked in front.".
Dad replied, "Yes, I was just going to tell you the same thing," and then he said, "Eliza, honey, lift yourself up.".
And then I heard Eli say, "Oh, dad, go slow in there," and I was like, "What?" But then I heard dad say, "I know, sweetie, just sit on it slowly and adjust yourself to the motions of the car."
After a little while, dad said, "Sweetie, is it okay now?" and then continued saying, "I think I need to talk to Brian; your ass is too tight, sweetie.".
I responded to that in a little angry voice and said, "So you want that douchbag to take her ass too?"
Eli quickly responded, "Behave James," and dad laughed and said, "I think I should make you responsible for talking to him about it."
I just frowned at it and stopped the car and said, "Highway is just up ahead, so come on, let's just swap our seats."
Dad and Eli got out, and so did I, but then dad pushed Eli against the side of the car and said, "Sweetie, come on, bend over," and then looked at me and said, "Let me just finish with her.".
As dad was pushing his cock in and out of Eli's ass, she was looking incredibly sexy with her tits swaying while she was bent.
Looking at my hard cock dad, he said, "Sweetie, why don't you move closer to your brother and maybe help him a little too?".
Eliza looked at me, smiled, and then started licking my cock while dad was fucking her in the ass.
Eliza was still blowing me away when dad cummed with a groan. He pulled his cock out and started rubbing Eli's ass cheeks, then spanked her a few times, and then put his shorts on after picking them up from the seat.
Dad then said, "Hey, I couldn't do it, but you two can finish this in the car, so come on, hop in.".
I got in and adjusted Eli in my lap once again.
Nothing major happened until we stopped for fuel in a little while. Dad got out and started to fill the car, and mum went out to find out if we could buy a gallon from the store here so we could fill it and keep it as a reserve.
There was one car and one van as well, so me and Eli stayed in the car. There were two kids and a middle-aged man in the car adjacent to us. A woman looking a little older than Eliza came out of the shop. She was wearing a bikini top and shorts. She was coming towards that car, and the moment she tried to open the passenger door, the atmosphere buzzed with whistles and some cat calls. There were five topless men doing all that and cheering on that sexy woman. Soon as she sat in the car, they drove off quickly, and all of them started laughing.
Right then, mum popped out and shouted from the shop door that she couldn't find any gallon and asked dad if he wanted anything.
All those men diverted their attention to mum now and whistled, but she went back inside after Dad told her to get beer.
One of them said to dad, "What do you need gallon for, mate? She has 2 jugs on herself," and they all started laughing. Mum was also wearing a white bikini top with long shorts. Dad toned those men down, and soon they were talking like friends.
Suddenly, dad shouted, "James, Eli, are you going to remain in the car or do you want to stretch out a little?" Now all of those men were looking at our car, as they hadn't noticed us before.
I shouted back that we are alright, dad, but then Eli said, "Let's go get some snacks. I am feeling hungry.".
When Eliza got out, all those men started whistling again and came near our car, but once I got out, they were all like, Wow, wow, take that thing away. I pulled Eliza in front of me, and they started laughing and saying, "We are joking, mate; you have quite a big fella," and they started patting my shoulders.
Then one of them said, "Can she take all of that inside her?" I smiled, put my arms around Eli, and said, "She makes it disappear inside her in seconds," and they all started cheering.
Dad also joined us and once he told them where we are heading they said they are also going at same spot for their vacations and when they got to know how Eliza was traveling in my lap they said They have a spare seat Eli can travel with them and they all laughed at it. Another topless guy came out from store and joined us and once he looked at us he was also amazed.
He also said that they could give lift to Eliza, but we said no, and to change the topic, dad asked them about their vacations as if they were on business vacations or family vacations. One of them said, "You can call us friends and family because we are also 3 couples."
Eliza asked, "I guess then your girls are also traveling like me and you were offering me a seat." They laughed and repeated that it was just them and they were 3 couples. Dad then intervened and said, Sweetie, they are the 3 couples themselves.
After understanding, Eliza said, "Wow, why is it so that all guys who are built like you chase only men?".
One of them said, "Maybe girls don't understand us.".
We kept talking to them for a few more minutes, and they left, so we also went into the shop, bought some sandwiches, snacks, and drinks, and came back to our seat.
Only after a couple hours mum fell asleep. Eliza also started dozing off while dad and I kept talking about different things.
It was getting dark now, but the weather was still quite warm. We reached a motel, and dad said, Let's just spend the night here if they have any rooms available, and he pulled over in the parking lot.
I looked around and said it would be a miracle if they had an empty room given how many cars and vans are parked out front. Dad got out, saying, "Let's try our luck; otherwise, one more hour of driving.".
I was happy to see a few topless girls coming in and out of the rooms in front, as it meant me and Eliza didn't need to hide around here at least.
I saw dad walking back to the car, and the look on his face told me that he couldn't find any room, and my guess was confirmed when he got back inside the car.
Dad said, "I am quite tired, and I can't sit in the back seat either, to be honest." I responded, "Did you push him hard enough?"
He replied, "I did, but that wanker wouldn't listen.".
Then it was as if some idea hit him, and dad turned around and said, "James, son, go take Eliza with you and ask him for the room; that twat is a pervert; he was gawking at those topless girls over there. Maybe Eliza can lure him."
I was like, Come on, dad. but since there was no other option, I started rubbing Eli's hair and said, "Hey, come on, get up, baby, we are here.".
Our conversation woke mum as well, and in the next few minutes, Eliza understood the situation and got out of the car.
Mum also got out to stretch, and so did I. but then mum suggested it should be dad going to that clerk again because apparently I was hot-headed and I would spoil any chances if there were any.
So dad said okay and spanked Eli's ass, saying, "Come on, princess, cast your spell and get us at least one room.".
After a wait of 10 minutes or so, dad and Eli returned, but this time with a smile. Dad said, "Well, it's not a proper room, but the pervert agreed to let us spend the night in his little rest room.".
Mom said, "As long as I get a bed to sleep on, I am fine.".
I said, "Do we need to know how you convinced him to let us use his room?"
Dad replied, "You will see it in a while yourself, son.".
Upon questioning again, he said, "The pervert wants to spend some time with Eliza, and in return, we will get his room.".
I knew what the answer would be, but I still asked, "Spend time with her for what? Does she need to sit with him at the desk for some time?"
As I asked this, we reached the clerk's office. He didn't look like a typical pervert to me at first, but then the way he looked at Eli and mum changed my opinion.
He high-fived me for no reason when I passed; maybe he was excited a bit too much.
There was only one bed and a couch in the room. Mom and dad just fell on the bed, and I sat on the couch. The counter clerk walked in and said this was all he could offer and we would need to manage. I looked around; the couch was not much for me and Eliza, so I asked if he could get us a mattress. He thought for a few minutes and said, "Let me check and come back, and oh, I am Mark, by the way.".
"Okay, Mark, come back with good news," I replied.
Eliza went in the loo, saying, "If he doesn't find an extra mattress, I am taking the couch." I just looked at her and laid on the couch.
Mark came back and said, "Well, I found one mattress, but I am not really supposed to give it.".
I said, "Don't try to exploit the situation, mate; you have it for your guests, not to keep it in your warehouse. Or you are trying to charge us a higher amount for that, right?"
He took a few seconds to select his words and finally responded, "As I said, it's not to be given out, but I can give it to you, and I am not charging you more than what's written in that office, but I need that girl twice, and that's the price of it.".
I looked at him and on the couch again, and I said, "Okay, wait, I have to ask her," and right then Eli came out of the loo and I said, "Eli baby, he has a mattress, but he won't give it to us unless you see him twice." Eliza sat next to me and said, "Whatever.".
Mark quickly disappeared, came back with a mattress, put it next to the couch, looked at Eli, and went out.
Eli was feeling a little hungry, so she suggested we go out for dinner, but both me and dad were too tired; we wanted some rest first. I soon dozed off on the mattress, which Mark had brought earlier.
I woke up around 3:00, and when I looked around, dad was sleeping on the bed, and neither mum nor Eli were in the room. I walked to the loo and saw mum inside. I asked her about Eli, but she didn't know. Instead, she said both Eli and her returned a while ago, and she just slept, but Eli could have gone back out as she was really pissed because some guys rejected her in a bar, and she took that to heart.
I got worried a little because I knew Eli always had what she wanted; she had been the darling of all our family for the whole of her life. I was also feeling hungry, so I freshened up and decided to go out and check on Eli and find something to eat.
When I stepped out of the room, I saw Eli on her knees on the floor next to Mark's chair. She had his dick in her mouth and was moving her mouth back and forth on it. Mark had one hand strolling in her hair and the other next to his dick.
Mark and Eli both looked up at me, but Eli didn't stop what she was doing, and Mark just smiled. I came back inside the room, telling Eli to let me know once she was free.
I didn't need to wait long. When Eli came into the room, she said, "Thank goodness you are up. I was dying to be with you," and she sat in my lap.
I kissed her on the forehead and said, "Let's go out; my tummy is rumbling, honey.".
It was pretty quiet outside at that hour, but down the road I could see a few lights, and I said, "I hope that's a restaurant."
Eli replied, "No, that is a bar full of weirdos, and we are not going there."
I asked her why, but she got angry and said, "That is the worst bar she ever saw in her life."
I put my arm around her and said, "Okay, alright, sweetie, we won't go there; let's find someplace else." We walked to the end of the road, but there was no other place, and when I told Eli how hungry I was, she agreed to go to the bar, which was also closing, but upon requesting, they agreed to give me a couple of sandwiches. While we were waiting for my sandwiches, I asked why she was upset, but the first time I noticed that her eyes looked a little out, so I took her face in my hands and asked, "Eli baby, what really happened? Why are your eyes looking so odd?"
She touched her eyes to check and said she didn't want to talk about it, but upon insisting, she told me that she had been crying.
We got the sandwiches, and while I ate those on the walk back, Eli told me what happened. It was really silly of her because she saw those guys in the bar and thought they liked her because they were flirting back at the gas station and in the bar as well, but once she tried one of them, they told her they didn't like her sexually and none of them would touch her. It was silly because they were gay, and I found them very sweet, but still, it was cruel of them to tell her off like that.
I consoled her as much as I could and told her those guys are also living in our motel, and if I see them in the morning, I will make them apologize for misbehaving toward my angel sister.
After a while, we reached back at the motel. Mark was waiting for us, and the moment he saw us, he started walking towards us. He said, "I have bad news, mate; your car's tyre is busted. I couldn't catch the person, but I was waiting for you to help you replace it."
It was a strange and weird thing to happen, so I said, "Is that serious? Are you sure it's not you so you could take more money from us?".
Mark didn't like my comment and said, "Look, mate." I offered my help just as a good gesture, and I am not charging you for a little hand, but if you don't want, I can go back inside. When I heard the tyre bursting, I came out to check, and I couldn't find anyone around your car. It wasn't just me; there were people from those rooms who also saw it."
I asked Eli to go inside, and I brought the keys so we could change the tyre Once we were done with it, something just hit me, and I asked Mark about the rooms of those gay guys. I showed him their van and told him how they looked. At first, he was reluctant to tell me, but then he told me where they were staying. He said, "But it's not them, so try not to fight them." I laughed and thanked him for advice, as I did not think it was them who did it.
As I reached near the door, I was thinking of peeking through the window to see if they were up or not, but I heard loud laughter coming from the room, so I knocked at the door, which silenced all of them.
Anyway, the door opened, and when the guy saw me, he welcomed me with a smile and cheerfulness. He offered me to come inside, so I went in and saw them playing with the bottle.
After a little chat, I went straight to the point about how my sister was crying and that you guys were mean and all. One of them got up and sat next to me and put his hand on my shoulder and said, "Oh man, we are so sorry. We never meant that, but we are just not into women. We told you, but if you give us that (he pointed at my cock), we can think of something for her.".
I was not expecting that at all, and looking at my face, they all started laughing, asked me to relax, and said they were just joking. Then one of them said, "We loved her; she was so sweet. Why don't you call her if she is awake and we can spend some time with you two to make things pleasing between us?" I thought for a moment and agreed.
I pulled Eli out of the room and said, Come on, let's go again. She asked me where, but I didn't tell her. When we entered their room and Eli saw them, she was both shocked at first and then a little angry.
They all hugged her, kissed her on the cheek, and one of them even squeezed one of her tits, saying, "Honey, we could never say no to this beauty, but we told you earlier in the day we are not into women.".
While this guy was talking to her, another one of them came at his back and started sort of cupping his chest and pinching his nipples, and the one talking kissed him and said, "We like this honeypot.".
I smiled, asked them for a loo, and went in to pee. When I returned from the loo, Eli was still standing at the same place, but this time one of the men was behind her with his hands on her tits, squeezing them and pinching her nipples exactly like the first guy did to the other. And then another one of them replaced him at Eli's back and repeated the same. I was told all of them were squeezing her tits so they would stay equal to each other on their terms.
I walked up to them and said, "hey, hey don't take away my girl." And the one squeezing her tits spanked her butts and said, "Here you go, mate, she is all yours." I pulled her towards me and then sat on the sofa, keeping her in my lap, and then I also put my hands on her tits and started squeezing them.
After a little conversation about different stuff, things started getting heated and intimate between them, and when two of them got naked, I thought that if I could get them to get blowjobs from Eli, it would make her happy, and I could see in her eyes how she was lusting on them.
My cock was already hard, so I asked Eli to get on her fours in front of me and raise her ass more. The objective was that they would see her ass and pussy from the back while she sucked my cock. Eli started licking my cock, and everyone whistled. After a little while, the other two couples also got naked. I bent a little to spank Eli's ass and to finger her pussy.
I then started playing with her asshole to grab their attention, but it wasn't working, so I thought I should also move close to them and keep Eli there; maybe then it would work, but then it seemed too desperate, so I remained in my seat and kept playing with Eli's asshole and pussy.
A little later, one of the couples started having sex, and soon the other two also started going at it.
I looked at Eli and nodded her to look back at them, and once she noticed they were fucking each other, I clearly saw the disappointment on her face. I bent a little and whispered, "Baby, understand that they are gay; they are not interested in girls at all.".
Because Eli was somewhat turned off, I pulled her up and then suggested we leave, so we announced that we were leaving, but nobody really noticed.
On the way back to our room, I tried explaining to her how beautiful she is and how any guy would be lucky if she just smiled at him. After a little effort, I was able to bring the smile back to her face, so we walked in, and the moment Mark saw her, he stood up and welcomed her as if she were her queen. That actually made her smile even bigger. He asked her if she could stay with him for a while.
Eli looked at me. I just gave her a smile, kissed her on the cheek, spanked her ass quite a bit, and said, "I am going to sleep, baby. You can fuck him all you want.".
Mark quickly responded, "Oh no, no, I didn't mean that I was just asking for her company, you know.".
I almost stared at him and said, "What?" but right then he said, "Not that I would mind that, but it would have been indecent to ask her that straightaway." We both laughed, and I once again spanked Eli's butts, walked into the room, threw myself on the couch, and dozed off pretty quickly.
When I woke up, mum was telling dad what he should wear. I asked them if Eli hadn't come, and mum told me she was in the loo.
I opened the bathroom door and saw Eli brushing her teeth. With every move of her hand and arm, her tits were swaying and bouncing a little, and they still had some dried cum on them, which made them look even sexier.
I said to Eli, "Hey, want to try what your boyfriend does on the loo?" She looked at me, smiled, and said, "Are you sure you are ready to try that huh?"
I took a step inside and replied, "Well, you can guide me, and I can do it."
Right then I got a nudge from back, and dad said, "Come on, son, where is the man in you? I saw them once, and I knew what they did," and then he moved past me, saying, "Let me show you how it was done."
I just laughed and said, "Okay, then it's show time."
Dad pulled his shorts down, took them off, and sat on the toilet seat with his back resting against the back of toilet seat. Then he moved a little forward and pulled Eli towards him and turned her around, saying, "Sweetheart, come here, let me see if your pussy is wet enough," and he rubbed his fingers on her pussy and said, "It would do; I am in a rush anyway."
Dad then brought her onto him in such a way that Eli had each of her legs on either side of him, and by holding her from her waist, dad started adjusting her pussy on his already hard cock, but then Eli helped by holding his cock at her opening. Soon he started lowering her onto his cock between the little moans of Eli, and once it was all inside her, Eli put one of her hands on his neck to hold herself.
Dad then looked at me and said, "Any problem there, son?" and he went on, saying, "You have to man up and impress your woman and show her what you have got."
He then started two things at the same time: one, he started rubbing and squeezing her tits, and second, he started pooping, and Eli started moving a little up and down on his cock. While doing so, dad looked at me and said, "This is what Brian likes to do with her."
Once he finished pooping, he took a few more minutes like that, and then he said, "Sweetheart, I need to go, so you will have to finish it with your brother. I just wanted to give him a demo while I used the toilet." And saying that, he asked me to help Eli get off of him, which I quickly did.
Dad's cock was still hard and shining due to the juices from Eli's pussy. Once I took her off, Eli started rubbing her pussy with her hand. I stayed behind her and put one hand on her tits and the other on her pussy and started rubbing while dad started peeing, and then he wiped himself, got up, and went out.
I shouted, "Dad, your shorts," and he came back in, took his shorts, and went out again.
I then kissed Eli on her cheeks because she still had the toothpaste in her mouth. I came around and sat on the toilet seat the way dad did, and I also started lowering Eli on my cock.
Once my cock was all inside her wet pussy, Eli started moving up and down on my cock, and I was so mesmerized to see her tits bounce up and down with her movements. I wasn't seeing her tits bounce the first time, but God, now they were looking so sexy, so perky, and so ripe and ready to be sucked and played with.
Dad's groping had removed dried cum from her tits, so I just took her right nipple in my mouth, and every time she moved it slipped from my mouth, but catching it back in made me more horny, so I put my hands on her waist and started pulling her up and down on my cock with more thrust and force.
I bit her right nipple, then the left, and her aaahhhhhhh was so sexy. I sucked and bit her nipples and tits like an animal.
Pretty soon I was ready to cum; she could feel my cock twitching in her pussy, to which she said, "No, no, no... Don't cum yet. I want you to cum in my pussy; I want you to fill my pussy like Brian, but not just yet. I want you to fuck me more." And while saying so, she started moaning louder and sexier, and I could only last a few more seconds before I unloaded my cum deep in her cunt.
I had no idea when I stopped pooping. I took Eli's lips in my mouth and started sucking them, and then I pushed my tongue deep into her mouth as if I were tongue-fucking her mouth.
Eli still wanted more, as she had not orgasmed yet, but my cock was losing all its erection, and I knew I was unable to pound again. Soon my cock had become soft, but it was still inside her cunt, and she started to rub her pussy and stroke my cock as well.
I kissed her tits again and lifted her off me. She was a little disappointed, but I was so unable to help her.
Then I brushed my teeth, freshened up, and went out before her.
I went out of the room for air and saw many topless and completely naked men and women walking around the motel. A Norwegian girl came up to me and started asking me about me. I started walking with her. While we were chatting, one of the gay couples from last night walked up to us, said greetings, and asked me to stop by their room with Eli.
So a little later, me and Eli went to their room. They offered us breakfast, but we politely passed. They were sorry that they couldn't attend us properly last night, and they thought that was rude of them. Now, to make up for that, they wanted to give Eli a small present to Eli to remember them by and to tell them how they liked her.
I was genuinely impressed by their ethics, and both Eli and I told them they didn't need to give her anything; just their gesture was more than enough for us, but they insisted, so we agreed to accept.
One of them went to the corner of the room, went through some stuff, and came back with a two and a half-inch silicone butt plug in his hand. They said they wanted to give that to Eli to thank her for she offered herself to them.
I laughed a little and teased Eli if she liked her present and said, "Thank goodness it wasn't me who they liked last night," and everyone laughed.
When Eli was thanking them, I pointed towards Eli's ass and said, "Guys, I think it would only be fair if you placed it where it is supposed to and not just handed it over to her." They looked at each other, and then one of them said, "Okay, but Eli, are you okay if we push it in your butt?".
She responded by getting up and then getting down on her fours. She raised her ass high and kept her arms and chest to the ground to get in position.
One of them quickly brought a bottle of lube, put some around her asshole, and started rubbing it with his fingers. I sat next to Eli and started rubbing and fingering her pussy from beneath her. Then all of them, one after the other, pushed that butt plug in and out of her ass, and Eli had such an expression on her face as if she had won something.
By the time all of them were done plug-fucking her ass, I was still fingering her pussy so I made her lay on her back and started fingering her at a much higher pace, which soon resulted in Eli orgasming and making a mess on their bed.
Once Eli got back on her feet, she hugged them all and thanked them for the present. Before leaving, I said, Hey, why don't you just push it back in her ass and let's see for how long she can keep it in? They didn't think Eli would agree to walk out naked with a butt plug in her ass, but she agreed, and one of them pushed it in her ass, and we walked out of their room.
I kept walking around only because I was feeling turned on by the fact by the fact that she was walking beside me with her ass openly plugged. Some people gave her encouraging whistles, and one elderly couple even walked up to us and patted her shoulder for being confident.
On our way back to our room, a group of three women and a man shouted at us to stop, and when they came close, one of the women started yelling about how couples like me and Eli were tarnishing the good image of naturists by getting sexual so openly bla bla bla. It was really hard to get away from those knuckleheads, to be honest.
Once we reached back, dad asked if we wanted to have breakfast here or somewhere along the way, and I replied, "I think it's better to do it here so we will have more time to be free.".
Dad responded, "Cut the shit, son, just say that you want to ogle at those titties around you.".
I laughed at it but noticed Eli staring at me angrily, so I quickly said, "No, dad, I have the sexiest titties by my side, so I am not worried about oogling at ugly ones.".
Mum cut me short, saying, "I think let's move and have breakfast on the way so these two can practice and try to be in some clothes before we reach our holiday home.".
Dad replied, "Okay, then let's roll everybody.".
Then he looked at me, laughed, and said, "Good save, son.".
Mum asked us to wear something, so I borrowed one of dad's shorts, and Eli, from her newly shopped items, chose to wear a triangular sky blue bra with a matching sky blue mini skirt. When Eli came close to me, I picked up her skirt from the front to see if she was wearing any panties but she wasn't. Before I could comment, mum asked her to wear panties too, and after a few back-and-forth arguments, Eli reached for the shopping bag and pulled out a pair of transparent pink panties and wore them while looking at me angrily.
Once we reached the nearest place for breakfast, dad stopped, and all of us just ate more than the regular breakfast intake because everyone was quite hungry.
While we were at it, something hit me so bad and made me sad that only in a few hours Eli will be gone from me and it will be Brian who she will be spending time with. On the way back to the car, Eli noticed and asked me. I first tried to tell her it was nothing, but then she got it on her own and asked me if I was worried that she wouldn't be with him anymore. I told her yes, and she said, "Look, I really love you, and I loved every minute we spent together. I am even happy that Brian didn't pick me, but I have to be with him now, and you need to understand that he is my boyfriend and I love him.".
I took a deep breath, smiled, and said, "Yes, I understand, and I won't bother you, honey. I am happy that I could spend time with you this close, and I am happy that we could get so close due to this trip."
Eli also smiled while blushing, and then she asked me to come on a side with her, but right then Dad honked at us, and mum yelled from the car to call us. Eli then said, "Okay, go on. I am coming. I just need to drink a little more water," and she went back to the café.
Once Eli came back and sat in my lap, she whispered that I give her my hand, and when I did, she put her rolled panties on my hand. I gave her a questioning look while smiling at her, and she whispered again, "So you can have more fun till we reach there.".
I totally welcomed that and kissed her lips so passionately. Mum looked at us and said, "Hold your horses, you two, and get sober now.".
I thought to tease Mum a bit, so I asked Eli to hang her panties on the back view mirror, and as expected Mum didn't like it, but Dad intervened, saying, "Let them relax, Michale; they still have a few hours to sober up.".
I then quickly got Eli up and removed my shorts down to my feet, then moved my hands inside Eli's bra and started squeezing her tits, eventually moving her bra above her tits. Eli was rubbing my cock and balls with one of her hands.
Soon her pussy got wet, so I lifted her up a little, adjusted her pussy on my cock, and slid her down on it. She started moving up and down on my cock in a slow rhythm.
I was enjoying her tits, twisting her nipples, and her pussy, I kept fucking her for quite a while this time. Once I was about to cum, I just cummed inside her pussy and kept her sitting on my cock without taking it out.
A little later, dad announced we would reach her in half an hour, so I got Eli up and helped her clean my cum on her pussy. I helped her wear her panties and adjusted my shorts back up.
Soon we reached our holiday home; we were the last ones to reach.
I was happy to meet my uncles, aunts, and cousins. I clearly noticed they were more interested in meeting Eli than me, but that could have been due to her outfit, as her triangular bra was not covering her tits entirely, and even her nipples were a tiny bit visible through the fabric. Other women there were also wearing bikinis tops, but Eli's was the skimpiest.
I was just going to go inside to get some nap, but right then Brian came from outside, and Eli ran to him and jumped on him, hugging him so tight that I got both jealous and angry, but thankfully remained in control. Brian spanked her butt and kissed her lips, but I couldn't watch that anymore, so I just moved inside to get my nap.