Pete woke up to an empty side of their bed. Traci loved to sleep in after one of the club events but this time she was already at the table when he came in the kitchen. "Look who's up and ready for the day."
"Sit down, Pete," she said in a subdued voice that made him uncomfortable, "We have to talk."
"You're making me nervous, Traci, what's going on?"
"I have to talk to you about something I should have told you long before now. For the sake of our marriage I have to be honest."
"Oh no, what?"
"A couple months back I ran into Eric at the grocery store and even though the conversation wasn't much more than small talk, standing there I felt myself getting turned on."
"Nobody would criticize you for that, I mean, I've been tur..."
"Stop! Pete, I broke the rules and...I...I gave him a blow job in his car in the parking lot...and what's worse, I wanted it to go further but I made myself get out of the car."
Pete was silent for a moment. "Are you in love with him?"
"No."
"Are you sure? Because watching you two last night I'm fairly certain he's in love with you."
"Yes, I think you're probably right. I have a hard time resisting him sexually but I'm not in love with him. You're my love but I fucked up and broke the rules."
"Okay, so what are you going to do?"
"I don't know. I think I just have to stay away from him. I'm so sorry, Pete. You're so wonderful indulging all my urges and fantasies and I go and do this."
"I do it because I love you, Traci, but to be fair it goes both ways. We entered all of this together. I have a suggestion though about the Eric issue. I wouldn't just try and avoid. That's too hard because he'll keep coming. I'd tell him clearly what you told me so he knows where you stand. I have to say, when we first started out the thought of something like this happening crossed my mind. The way we protect our marriage is to have rules. I'm glad you told me about this. I feel closer to you for doing that."
"Petey, you are the best pimp/husband a girl could ever have," she said with a laugh of relief.
"Ah...you're welcome...I think?"
Just then the text alert went off on her phone.
"Eric?" asked Pete.
"No. Dave."
"Really? Just how many crazed admirers do you have? Does he still want back in your panties?"
"He wants to run away with me."
"How often does he text you this?"
"A couple times a day."
"Do you have any plans of going away with him?"
"No, of course not. I don't even answer the texts."
"Then give me the phone."
"What are you going to do?"
"Just hand me the phone."
He typed: 'Dave, this is Pete. I'm not even going into the many reasons your daydream is never going to happen but pay attention to this one last word. Stop.'
"That should do it. I edited my pissed off self for the sake of your friendship with Isabel but if there's another one of these texts my response won't be so civil."
She put the phone down and hugged him, "I rarely see you angry about anything but I like this new Pete."
***
Pete and Traci had to fly out Friday morning on route to a rural chapter of Slut Wife Club. Nearly all club chapters were based in larger cities for obvious reasons, the principal one being the fewer number of interested people in socially conservative towns. This particular club was an anomaly, in a town adjacent to a larger city but tucked away in the mountains, being more of a resort. The town was small but the interest was unusually great and poster girl, Traci, was coming to town!
Pete really didn't want to go, thinking that Carrie Nation would come marching into the club event and clean the heathens out of town with one stroke of righteousness.
Traci took a matter of fact approach. "Most people have the desire but lack the opportunity. Remember, everyone has either a dick or a pussy. Some are just more active than others."
Pete would laugh every time she delivered her biology lesson.
"And maybe you can sell me once on Friday like last time!! Please!?"
"I don't think we'll have time, Traci. We're traveling most of the day and then having dinner with the club managers at seven."
"How about afterwards?"
"I don't know. Why don't we see how we feel?"
"Okay, but I know how I'm going to feel."
***
After reaching the hotel it was late afternoon and Pete was exhausted so he decided to take a nap before dinner. In contrast, Traci was pacing around the room, "And while you're doing that I'm going down to the bar, have a glass of wine and flirt."
"Where do you get the stamina, Traci? Compared to you I should be in a nursing home."
He kicked off his shoes and settled back into a pillow love affair. Traci redid her makeup and slipped quietly out the door.
The bar was empty save for a couple at a deuce and another couple right at the other end of the bar. "Glass of Chardonnay, please."
As she sipped the wine she noticed the man at the bar looking past the shoulder of his presumed date in Traci's direction. Whenever they'd make eye contact he'd smile to the point that the woman, sensing a distraction, turned back to see her. This went on for awhile until the visibly annoyed woman grabbed her purse and got up and left.
In a minute or two the bartender set a second glass of wine in front of her. "Courtesy of the gentleman over there." She thought to herself how easy it was to attract men and how much fun it was to do.
At the last club event she and the cocktail server, Anna, got into a girl's meeting on the glories of sluthood and the endless pleasure of being fucked by one, two, three men...who's counting? They had bonded and she looked forward to calling her once she got home. The only disappointment was that Anna was visiting and going back to the UK. Traci's goal was to get her to stay longer.
Traci lifted the wine and saluted the guy. That was all the tall, burley businessman needed to come and sit next to her. "Hi, I'm Art."
Traci introduced herself and thanked him for the drink. "So," she teased, "what happened to your date? Couldn't handle a big boy like you?"
"Well, you're what happened actually. You're a gorgeous woman."
"But was that your girlfriend/wife who left?"
"No, she's a working girl who hits this bar often."
"You weren't interested?"
"Oh I was interested alright until you sat down and then everything changed."
"How so?"
"A beautiful girl, alone, maybe??"
"But maybe I would cost you too much."
"Wait! You're a hooker?!?!"
"To the right guy I am. Consider me more of a specialty item."
"Oh for fuck's sake, I would never have believed it. Well, let's go, I'm ready!"
"Easy, cowboy, at the moment I'm like an off duty cab. I'm not taking any riders right now."
"You've got to be kidding. I've got a boner with a crush on you and you're going to turn me down?"
"Sorry, I'd love to do something with this," she said, touching the front of his pants, "but it would have to be later."
"You're cruel. C'mon, baby, let's stop fooling around and go up to my room."
"If you want what's on the menu you're going to have to wait. I can tell you, Arthur, that underneath these clothes it gets even better..."
"Oh fuck...this is brutal. Can you at least tell me why I can't have you right now?"
"Sure. My husband's asleep and can't be here until later."
"What?!?! You're married and you're coming on to me?! This is crazy. You're husband????"
"Let's just say, he oversees my activities."
"Your husband is pimping you out?"
"I know, isn't it amazing? Let me ask you this, do you like what you see?"
"Fuck, yes."
"And you want some of this," pulling the hem of her dress just slightly above the white of her panties.
"Fuck, yes."
"Then maybe I'll see you back here sometime tonight and I'll make your dreams come true." She stood up off the stool, kissed him on the cheek and sashayed out of the bar looking back over her shoulder. "Thanks for the wine, Arthur."
He sat there with his mouth open and his dick on high alert.
***
She barged in the door, "Petey, Petey, wake up! I sold myself at the bar!!"
Groggy and disoriented, "What?? You what? You fucked some guy? What??"
"No, I didn't fuck anybody but I sold myself for tonight. I told him you had to be there."
"Oh my god, you are unbelievable. I'm starting to think you can't be satisfied at anytime of the day."
"No I can't. Petey, I'm so excited! I feel so alive!"
"What am I gonna do with you?"
She jumped on the bed like a cat. "How about love me and enjoy the ride."
***
The club managers were a local couple, Randy and Trish, who met Pete and Traci in the hotel dining room. One thing was clear from their introduction, there was a subtle attraction. Pete was clearly taken by the petite pixie, Trish, and Traci found Randy to be the irresistible stud that she would spread her legs for.
After ordering drinks they got to know one another a little bit.
"We're so happy to meet you, Traci," said Trish. "Everybody at the club is out of their minds waiting to meet you! Even the women. I'm sorry, Pete, that was rude."
"Don't worry about it," said a magnanimous Pete, "she's an incredible girl, the star of the family for sure. I'm lucky to be married to her. I am interested to know though, how in the world were you able to have a club like this in such a small town? Doesn't everybody know everybody?"
Randy and Trish looked at each other, amused, before Randy said, "I guess I'll field this one. Trish and I both had affairs. Me with my secretary and her with...ah...."
"Many men in town," chuckled Trish.
"What I didn't realize was that she had a voracious appetite for sex and I was hardly any better, fucking my secretary on a regular basis. At the same time we knew we loved each other and didn't want to divorce. We just needed a different approach to accommodate our desires so we sat down and talked it through and decided to give each other what we needed. We both said what we wanted. Trish strongly identified as a submissive and l wanted to fuck a slut so really it was a match made in heaven!"
Everyone laughed uproariously. "Sounds familiar," said Pete.
"Once we got over the jealousy part and realized what we were giving each other we actually got closer. Then when we looked at the amount of cheating going on in town a light went on when Trish stumbled onto a Slut Wife Club ad. We worked out a franchise deal and were surprised how many couples wanted in. It's basically word of mouth and on the down low for obvious reasons but it works."
"And here we are," continued Trish, "sitting across the table from the girl in the ad with the hot bod. Randy studied those pictures very carefully..."
"With that guy doing you?" said Randy, "Wow, you were soooo beautiful...oh, I'm sorry..."
"You'll have to excuse Randy, he has been drooling over those pictures since he found out you were coming."
Riding the wave of flattery, Traci said, "He's fine, that's what the pictures are there for. I'm glad he liked them."
"Liked? Randy hasn't put his dick down since he saw those pictures."
Traci blushed ever so slightly, "Well thanks, Randy," and added provocatively, "Maybe Trish will let you come out and play with me."
"Oh god..."
"Well now you've lit the fire," laughed Trish.
The banter over dinner stayed along the same lines except that everyone got a lot looser and the martinis flowed more freely. Pete was hardly masking his interest in Trish, complimenting her in every way he could. "That's a beautiful dress, Trish," he said, staring at her bountiful cleavage.
"Thanks, Petey," getting familiar enough to use Traci's affectionate nickname for him, something Traci found slightly annoying.
"Look," said Traci, "would you guys care to come up to our room for an after dinner drink? I could attack the mini-bar."
"Ya! That would be great." said Randy in the midst of a Traci trance.
Trish apologized but, "I think it might be more fun to wait until tomorrow night at the club ...sort of a fun anticipation. If we go up now I think we all know what would happen."
"Well, sure honey, but would that be so awful?" begged Randy. "Besides, tomorrow night I'll have to fight off guys to even get close enough to Traci to shake hands. Remember what I told you before we left."
"I remember."
"Don't want to be nosey but what did he say?" Traci asked.
Pete stepped in, "Traci, if you don't want to be nosey then don't be. Leave them alone and we'll see them tomorrow..."
"Cover your ears Pete," jumped in Randy, "I said if I got the chance tonight to drop my seven inches into Traci's pussy I wouldn't hesitate."
"Randy!!!" said an embarrassed Trish. "Have some class for god's sake! You sound like Floyd!"
"Who's Floyd?" asked Traci.
"He's nuts about the pictures too," Trish said.
Traci began to giggle and then it started to feed on itself and then she couldn't stop. "I'm sorry, you guys but I think I've passed my martini quota. I get like this and everything seems hysterical. I think Trish is right, let's save it for tomorrow. It's pretty clear that we want to swap spouses so let's make time for that during the club event. In case anybody missed it, Pete is lusting after Trish and I'd love to be on the receiving end of Randy's cock."
"You would? Oh fuck..." said a randy Randy.
"Yes, baby, Just like the pictures."
"Oh my god!" he screamed with delight.
"Your hard right now aren't you, Randy?"
"Traci!" Pete said, trying to slow down the runaway train.
"As stiff as a two by four, Traci!"
Traci jumped up from the table and grabbed Randy's hand, "C'mon, let's go, I can't wait until tomorrow." She pulled him right out of his seat and out of the dining room leaving Pete and Trish with conversational whiplash and the other diners watching.
Pete, at a loss for words, "She gets a little impulsive."
"Yes, I can see that. We should probably let them have their party. I have a question though."
"Ask away."
"When Traci said you were lusting after me, is that true?"
"From the moment I met you...Waiter? Could we see the dessert menu please?"
***
An hour later Randy found Pete and Trish in the lounge, "Wow, wow, wow. Thanks a lot for sharing her. You get that everyday? Wow!"
"Glad you enjoyed her."
'Well we have to be getting home. Big day tomorrow! Let's go, Trish. Oh, Pete, she told me to tell you, if you were in the lounge, stay put, she'd be right down. Thanks again!"
Traci came in about ten minutes later wearing, as Pete dubbed it, her 'hooker uniform.'
"Uh oh, don't tell me you still have more juice in the box?"
"I kinda made a date."
"Was this the guy you sold yourself to?"
"Ya, but I don't see him. Maybe he gave up and went home."
"How was the stud muffin?"
"Oh, Randy? He was right about his cock. A good seven and he was a beast!"
"So you had a good time?"
"Oh hell ya. Came twice. Did you end up in Trish's pants?"
"Nope, she's first on my dance card tomorrow night."
"Excuse me," said a big man, "is this seat taken?"
"Arthur! You came back to find me!"
"Had to, couldn't get you out of my mind."
"Oh, Art, this is my husband, Pete."
"So this is the guy I have to thank for this sweet thing here. So what's the damage?"
"You can fuck my wife for six hundred bucks and I get to watch and video it. Otherwise it's eight hundred and I still watch and I'm standing outside the door in the hallway for a thousand:"
"It's like going through a fast food drive-thru. You're some weird folks but here I am. I'll take the six and a side of fries."
Traci put her hand on Art's chest, "Are you going to cum all over me, Arthur?"
"That's the plan, sweetheart...By the way, what do you two do with these videos?"
"We fuck while we watch," said Pete.
"Let's go," said an over ready Art.
***
In the room Art helped Traci lift her dress over her head. "Fuck me, what a body on you, girl," growled Art as he went about removing her bra and panties. "Holy..." He turned her around and slapped her ass.
"Oooo, Arthur," yelped Traci, "you've got big hands."
Art leaned back against the couch, "On your knees and suck my dick..."
She unbuckled his belt, unzipped his fly, yanked his pants down and went on a tear. Seeing that she was skillful he pushed the envelope, "Take it deep and look up at me." She took him as deep as she could go and then with both hands he pulled her head into his belly and smothered her.
When he let her up she gasped for air. "I like that. Again!!" he ordered her, "Take it down your throat!" He face fucked her until her eyes began to water. When he finally let her up she smiled, "Good for you, Arthur?"
He pushed her back on the bed and, diving between her legs, ate her pussy furiously until she screamed, "Oh god, you fucker, ahhhhhh, fuuuuccckkk, Arthur! uhhhnnnnnnnnnn!!! Right there, baby!!!!!!!!!!!!! Uhnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!"
He got up and unceremoniously drilled her, his big belly slapping against her. "You fucking hot little cunt!!!" he yelled. He kept the pounding at a blistering pace and she screamed, "I'm cummmming again, fucker!!!!!"
His ass bounced up and down as he hammered her for quite some time. She was astounded that he never let up. He stopped once to flip her onto all fours and hit it again with the same energy. "Fuuuuccckkk me, Arthur!!!!!!!"
She came for a third time.
Pete circled them with the camera like a vulture but they lost all sense of him. Watching Traci get railed Pete could feel his cock throbbing to get out. There was a part of him that couldn't get past the fact that this was his wife under that beast but another part of him wanted her to take even more.
Art's assault was punctuated by her screams and his deep grunts. Finally his breathing got loud and more frequent and, "I'm cuuummmiinngg."
He pulled out, she turned around facing his cock with her tongue out and he let loose a torrent of thick white cum that dripped off her face and onto her nipples, all caught by Pete in a glorious closeup.
"My my, Arthur," said a satisfied Traci, "you do everything big."
"You bring out the best in me, girlie. Next week again?"
"Sorry, we're going back home Sunday morning but keep me in your dreams."
When he left Pete was sitting on the bed looking at the video. "He fucked you so hard I'm surprised you don't have a concussion."
***
The next evening they waited outside the hotel for the limousine to take them to the club. "Maybe it's a log cabin." cracked Pete.
"Now Pete, they're horny men and women just like us. If they're anything like Arthur and Randy I'm going to have one tired pussy. God I love what we do!"
"I know you do, baby. I love to see you so happy."
"Even when a total stranger is fucking me?"
"Even then."
"Petey's in love, Petey's in love..."
"Yup. Love my beautiful slut!"
When the limo driver picked them up there was an immediate recognition that this was Traci from the club ads. They began wondering just exactly how many men had seen the ads? While there was still no video of her, the pics with Robert had taken on a life of their own.
"Pete, I think we should consider giving the club a video."
"I thought you didn't want to do that?"
"I'm changing my mind."
"I've got a better idea than that. How about we give the club a link to our website? 'Wanna see more of Traci? Click here' and then they get directed to SlutTraci.com or something like that?"
"How about SlutHusband.com with pictures of you watching me?!"
"Are you mocking me?"
"Only in a loving way," she giggled.
***
At the banquet hall, the driver went around to the back of the building "to draw less attention' and guided them up a freight elevator that emptied out in the hall. When the door opened everyone cheered her, Pete following along as usual.
Randy and Trish greeted her and the other members crowded around. They went to a small riser with a microphone and Randy introduced them:
"Hey everybody, we're so happy to have Traci with us tonight. Of course, I had her last night so I'm even happier."
Everybody laughed and Trish whacked him on the arm. "So, here she is, poster girl, Traci!"
Everyone applauded and thanked them for a warm reception. "I'm so happy to be here but I really have to thank my husband, Pete, for getting us into the club in the first place. He not only helped bring out my inner-slut but has loved me all these years. You girls won't regret taking a ride on my Petey! And you guys can thank him for sharing me. Tonight I'm just another cock hungry slut so let's see where the night goes!"
The place went nuts. Offers came from every direction and then someone yelled, "How about a gangbang, Traci?"
"That can probably be arranged. Have fun everybody!!"
She stepped down off the riser into a circle of 6 or 7 anxious faces, some absentmindedly playing with themselves.
Two or three couples were already going at it but most of the members were following the celebs around. For the first time that he could ever remember Pete was in the middle of a reverse gangbang. The group had stripped his clothes off and jockeyed for a chance to ride his pole. Ones waiting sometimes licked his balls or tongued his nipples. They all seemed to be having the best time of it with their boy toy.
Traci was on her back on a twin bed and was entertaining with whatever holes she had available. She let their base instinct wash over her delectable body. Nothing was off the table.
While Trish was in the saddle she leaned into Pete and whispered, "I want you alone to fuck the daylights out of me." Her pussy wrapped around his bone like they belonged together. "I want you too," he replied.
The bangers kept a low level running commentary about Traci as if they were discussing car parts at an ice cream social. "Fucking beautiful rack on this girl." "Hell ya." "I'm fucking her ass." "Oh c'mon Floyd you don't even fuck Denise in the ass." Traci said nothing to the men, her mouth trying to manage two dicks at once.
While Denise straddled his shaft, she tried to grind her clit on him. Trish dropped her tits from over his head so he could suck them. Pete lasted for awhile but eventually lost his restraint when he was mounted by a petite redhead who bounced up and down on him until he began to cum. "I can't hold back," he warned them.
"She got ass-fucked in the pictures," said Floyd, "and I want some of that." Another banger had the good sense to swab a dollop of jelly on her anus just before Floyd brutishly rammed his cock into her ass, her scream muted by a mouthful.
The girls all gathered around Pete, jerking him en masse, all their hands finishing him. The sperm shot up, "fuuuuccckkk," and onto a couple of girls.
The crudeness of the gangbang was driving Traci to that monster orgasm that often occurred when she was being ravaged and used. She felt it growing in her belly, "Uhhhhnnnnnnnn, you fuuuuccckkkers" until it exploded into ecstasy and juice glistened on her thighs. "She likes it!" "Ya, she loves it just like the pictures."
Floyd couldn't stop.
No sooner had he left her ass than he went right back in her pussy. "Geez, Floyd, leave some for the rest of us!" Floyd ignored them until with a thunderous growl he blew his cum up her chest. Like lemmings the rest of the men followed suit until Traci was covered in man spunk.
Pete caught the last part on video, "For our family album," he explained to everyone's amusement.
***
The evening was a success but by the end of the night even Traci, the sex machine, was weary.
"I'm ready to go home," she told him in the limo back to the hotel.
"What have you done with my Traci?"
"I feel like I fucked my way through an entire town. Not to mention 'tipping' the bartender and Byron."
"Who's Byron?"
"He's our chauffeur." Byron waved in the mirror smiling. "She's very good," he said.
"By the way, Traci, in an effort for full disclosure I need to tell you that Trish gave me her business card and said she'd love to see me again...alone. I thought you should know I'm going to toss the card."
"Don't do that right away. At the rate I'm putting out I might die of a cock overdose and you'll be single again."