So with the cat, or whatever you want to call it, out of the bag now, the team was on the top of their game and also having quite a bit of fun together. They won their next two in a row then there was a Friday night game late, under the lights.
Ally arrived straight from work again and found her usual spot. She was the first to arrive this time and started undressing right away. Down came her pants and panties, then her top and her bra. She had a moment to walk around the dressing room nude and was looking forward to the thrill and tonight's game.
The guys began arriving a few minutes later and got an amazing view right off the bat.
"Hey guys!," she said, as she stood up from the bench.
She still had some oil on her hands from work, so decided to walk over to the bathroom to wash it off.
As she finished, Ian walked in.
"Oops, sorry tiger," he said, putting his hand on her bare hip with a smile and standing behind her.
He was already nude and happy to see her.
"Hey to you tiger, do you mind backing up, I feel something poking me," she said putting her hand behind her and on his stomach.
She looked up and smiled at him, enjoying the attention.
"Not a bad way to spend a Friday night anyway!" she thought to herself.
In the last few games, the dressing room atmosphere had definitely gotten more playful. Having a naked girl in the group kind of lit a little fire in the team, and what happened in the dressing room stayed in the dressing room.
As she started turning from the counter to leave, Eric walked in.
"Hey cutie," he said, as he placed a hand on her butt cheek.
She grinned as she felt his warm palm.
Ally was pretty much in a steady state of arousal around the team now and the guys had gotten accustomed to coping a feel as they moved by her. She actually really enjoyed it, usually egging them on when they did it. The problem was she wasn't getting any relief and she could feel the energy all the way down to her toes.
The team had a big game that night and after the shenanigans they got more serious and dressed for the game. This team was known for being rough and it was going to be a tough game...
And, it didn't disappoint either, Ally was always an aggressive goalie and played out of her net a lot, this seemed to attract a lot of cheap shots against her that finally came to a head.
She was at the edge of her box to put pressure on one of their forwards and he decided to pivot and go right through her instead of going around her. He was a lot bigger and knocked her to the ground so hard she was winded and rolling around catching her breath.
Curtis saw this and immediately tackled the guy to the ground beside her, he started punching the guy and the ref quickly ejected both of them.
Ally slowly got up and brushed herself off and actually managed to play the rest of the game, but her pride was hurt pretty badly.
In the locker room after the game, the team wandered in. They lost by a goal and spirits were down across the board.
When they arrived, Curtis was already there waiting for them in his uniform and the team sat down and got undressed.
Ally was feeling a little adventurous, and also had strong feelings that he protected her in a fight. She wanted to thank him and made a point of talking to him to break the ice.
As she finished getting undressed, she put everything in a pile on the bench and walked over to him.
Sitting down, she said, "Thank you, thank you for what you did out there, it was amazing that you stepped in like that and got that guy," she said with a smile.
He was still looking down and sulking but noticed her nude figure beside him.
"I wanted to tell you that I thought you were the player of the game for what you did, and I won't forget how you protected me like that," she said, while reaching over and holding his hand.
Ally could feel his wedding ring around his finger, then she put her hand on his thigh.
"I could see you limping off the field today after you got sent off, is everything ok?" she said, leaning in to draw his eye.
"I just injured my hip when I jumped the guy, it's just a sprain," he responded looking back at her.
"Do you mind if I take a look, I'm almost done my hours for massage therapy and I see athletes all the time," she said with enthusiasm.
"I guess, ok...What do you need me to do?" he responded.
Kneeling down in front of him, she placed her hands on his knees.
"This is going to be a little unconventional, but we're in the dressing room. Can I get you to pull your shorts down?" she said looking up at him with a smile.
"Ok, sure," he said looking around at the other guys.
He pulled down his shorts, then his compression shorts next. Ally helped him get them off his feet so his legs were free. Curtis was no longer covered, and she could see he was soft and hanging down, probably average size amongst the guys on the team.
"Ok, great, just let me have a look," she pressed on several spots on the front and side of his hip.
Trying to keep it professional, she noticed his penis slowly starting to rise and tried to not bump it.
"Ahh, that's the spot," he said, as she found the pain.
Smiling up at him she started to work over the area with her hands. But as he stiffened, it had a slight bend in the shaft and it was rubbing up against her forearm as she massaged his hip..
"Sorry, you're getting in the way," she said as she put her hand on his shaft and tried to move it away.
It sprung back into place.
As Ally knelt she was forming a bit of a crowd behind her. Since she was sitting back on her heels, her cheeks were spread open, and the guys had the perfect view of her lips from behind. A few of the guys were stroking themselves at the sight, one of them was Eric.
"So what does our player of the game get tonight?" Eric said with a playful tone towards her.
She looked back and noticed the guys behind her with their hands full. Ally was pretty turned on at the sight and decided to see where this would go.
"I don't know, what do you suggest?" she said, with a curious smile.
"Let's make it a game!" he said with his hands on his hips, "I'll present you with two pieces of paper, you choose one and then follow what it says."
"Doesn't that give you all the control?" she said, understanding what she might be agreeing to.
"Ya, but don't worry, I'll play nice, I mean you could always walk away if it's too much," he said with a grin.
Ally already had a slight crush on Eric, now acting on his every whim like this was a huge turn on for her.
"Ok, I think I'm game, let's see where this goes," she said, staring right at Eric with a smile, noticing his rather large boner.
"Great, just a sec, let me get a pen," he said, reaching down into his bag.
He wrote down two scribbles and tore the sheet of paper in half. Scrunching the two pieces up in his hand, he opened his palm for her to make her choice.
"Ok that one," she said pointing at the left one.
He handed her the piece she selected. She slowly opened it and began reading it to herself.
"Bj then Cowgirl to finish," she said to herself, eyes now wide, "what the hell Eric, I'm not doing this, "she said, showing him the piece of paper.
Covering his mouth, "OMG honey you have the worst luck I've ever seen,".
"What? Give me the other piece of paper," she said, grabbing it out of his hand.
He looked down, putting his face in the palm of her hand.
She began reading aloud to the group, "a kiss."
Ally couldn't believe what she had just read, and dropped the piece of paper.
""Like I said babe, terrible luck," Eric said, grinning at her.
The room had a quiet tension as the guys waited to see if she would accept the dare. She looked down at the floor and took a deep breath.
"Ok," she said, in a quiet voice.
"What?" Eric responded, with a curious look.
"I'll do it," she said, lifting her head and looking him in the eye.
"Incredible, let's get them something for the floor," Eric said, throwing some of the guys' jackets down.
Curtis could hardly believe his luck. He would never had a shot at Ally in reality, and this was his reward for punching a guy.
Curtis slowly moved down and laid back on the floor, then sat up on his elbows so he could watch.
Ally joined him, moving his legs apart so that she could kneel between them. She leaned down and put her hand around the base on his penis and brought it down to face her. She slowly lowered her head down and met him with an open mouth. At 6 inches, he slid in easily and she closed her mouth around his head.
The room was in awe, most of the team gathered closer, for a front row seat, stroking as they watched.
Curtis let his head fall back as she began working up and back along his shaft. Ally was a lot more creative than his wife, he couldn't remember the last time he'd gotten a bj.
She went up and back several more times and circled his head with her tongue, closing her mouth on it again. This just about put him over the edge, but at the last second, he regained his composure.
"Is this ok for you?" she said, making eye contact with him.
All he could do was nod his head silently.
Then she leaned forward and slowly crawled up his torso, lifting her knees one at a time over his thighs until she was straddling his hips. She made eye contact with him as she lowered her bum down onto his lap. Her lips now resting along his shaft, she could see his head pointing up between her legs.
"Let me know if it's too fast or slow ok," she said softly to him.
"K," he responded, trying to catch his breath.
Slowly she began rocking her hips up and down, making her lips slide up and down his shaft. She could see pre-cum leaking from the tip of his head, the time was right.
Next, she lifted her bum off his lap and leaned forward, putting her hand between her legs. She lifted his penis slightly and then backed her hips down. With some pressure, she could feel his head slowly parting her lips, then she slid back, letting him enter her.
Looking up, Curtis was pretty overwhelmed, so she decided to start raising and lowering her hips on her own, letting him slide in and out without any effort. She felt her first contraction and a rush, he was now sliding more easily.
She took a moment to look across the group. Many of the guys were standing quite close in a circle around her, penis' at attention. Ally had never seen anything like this before and was trying to take it all in.
Inside, Ally could feel Curtis starting to flex and knew he was close to finishing, so she lowered her hips down, fully taking him in while sitting on his lap. She rocked her hips back and forth, braced herself on his chest.
"Ally, I'm cumming," he said in a hushed tone trying to keep it from the others.
She let out a sigh and looked over at Eric with a grin. Then she could feel Curtis release.
As any girl would admit, it's amazing when a guy finishes inside her. Ally could feel pulse after pulse flooding into her, and how warm it felt inside. She closed her eyes, focusing on this feeling and put her hands on her tummy, just below her belly button.
Coming to rest, she slowly opened her eyes and smiled down at him. He was in ecstasy, and although not her best, it was fun, especially in front of the group left watching.
She lifted her bum slowly, feeling his penis slide out and fall down. Next, she lifted her leg and slowly lifted herself off of him and to her feet.
The guys were in awe of what they just witnessed, including Eric.
Looking at Eric in the eye with a smile, she said, "So was that what you had in mind?"
Taking a breath, she could feel cum starting to leak out and down the inside of her thighs.
"I wonder what the next dare is," she thought to herself.