It had been a while since my sister, Sarah, and I had seen each other, much less made love. I took another job, so I don't get to see her near as much as I did previously. I really miss those instant message chats that we had, that almost always turned sexual or erotic in some way. We are both leading very busy lives now, so our time together has been extremely limited. I have missed her dearly, and not just sexually. I miss her company. Not having her there always has been painful. I love her. I have missed her companionship, and just hearing her voice. Yes, I also miss seeing her beautiful naked body whenever I want, and getting the most amazing blow jobs from her. My sister sucking my dick has been the topic of many dreams I have used to jerk off, just to get some sense of relief. I would much rather cum in my sister's pussy, or in her mouth or ass, but the way things have been of late, her sweet holes haven't been an option.
Sarah called me the other day, maybe 2 weeks ago. She said she missed me, and our time together. A plan soon developed for us to meet and have dinner together. I was going to take her out for a night on the town, and get reacquainted with her. She was coming to my house to leave her car, and we were going out from there.
"What time should I be there? What should I wear," asked Sarah.
"Let's meet here at 7, and I would prefer you come naked, but since we're going out, just dress casual. Nothing too fancy. I just want to see you."
"You want me to come naked? You must have missed seeing me naked. What would you do if I did show up that way, I mean completely undressed?"
"Oh Sarah, the things I would do to you! The better question might be what would I NOT do to you. Sweetheart, if you showed up here naked, it's likely I would fuck you in the driveway, where everyone could see. Do you remember when we fucked in your driveway that night? The time I pissed inside your ass?"
"Yesss..." Sarah replied, clearly remembering that night.
"Like that, but here, this time. I would kiss your body all over, never taking my hands off of you. I would suck your nipples, and slip my fingers into your pussy, while you stand exposed in my front yard. I'd make you spread your legs, and get down on my knees, and eat your sweet pussy. I can imagine you caressing your breasts while I dip my tongue inside of you, tasting you, drinking you..."
"Mmmm... What else?"
"I would fuck you, Sarah. I would fuck my sister from behind. I would turn you around, reach around you to grab your tits, and slide my hard dick inside you."
"You'd fuck me where we might be seen by anyone? You like taking risks now, don't you?"
"Well, truth be told, I haven't taken any risks with anyone but you. I have stroked myself outside in the open until I came on the ground, though. The neighbor lady saw me once, but she just smiled and walked away. I kept pulling until I came."
"Were you thinking of me?"
"Of course I was! I came so hard thinking about you being there with me."
"I want you to cum on me next time. The next time you jerk off, I want to be on my knees in front of you in your yard, and I want you to cum all over me."
"Sarah, I would love to coat your tits with cum."
"Good! Then it's a date!"
We finished making plans for her to come over for our real date, and hung up. It was so good to hear her voice again. Just hearing her gave me a huge boner. Something about her voice does that to me. I did not jerk off, though. I hoped that when I saw her tomorrow, I would get some relief then.
The next day, I was home relaxing, naked in my living room. About 6:30, there was a knock at my door. It was a buzz-kill, because I just wanted to chill until my sister showed up. Hesitantly, I went to answer the door. I was still naked, but didn't care. I wanted whoever was there to go away. I opened the door, and there stood Sarah. There stood Sarah completely naked, in all her glory, not a care in the world. I was tempted to whisk her away inside, but since she clearly didn't care who saw her, I didn't either. I immediately went full hard-on.
"What the hell, Sarah?" I asked, shocked a bit.
"But you said..." her voice trailing off, feigning rejection.
I went to her, and embraced her in the most erotic kiss I could remember. Brother and sister, naked, kissing as lovers, in front of everyone who cared to look. I ran my hands over her bare body, down to her sweet round ass. I pulled her cheeks apart, and dragged my fingers across her exposed hole. My hard cock ground into her tummy as I played with her most delicate parts. Sarah ground her rock-hard nipples into my chest as we made out, sliding her naked body up and down mine. My cock slipped between her legs, and was met with abundant juices that flowed from her horny pussy. I wanted to enter her so badly, but the angle was all wrong, so I just enjoyed her hot juices flowing over my dick, coating it thoroughly.
I turned her around slowly, kissing my way down to her breasts, the her shoulders, and to her back. I continued to kiss her shoulders, and reached around her to caress her tits. I lightly pulled her nipples as my cock nestled in between her ass cheeks. Crouching a bit, I pressed my dripping penis against her asshole, and pushed gently. Sarah moaned, and said yes, encouraging me to push further. I did not. I slid one hand down to her pussy, never leaving her breasts alone.
"Please, J." Sarah begged. "Please push more."
I just groaned, and kept ravishing her body with my hands, my dick still applying pressure to her hole.
"Put it in me, please. It's been so long, J. I need this. I want you so bad," she trailed off.
Slowly, as if time was barely moving, I pushed harder. Sarah leaned forward more, allowing me to be in better alignment with her ass. I pushed more. Sarah bent over more. She now had her hands on her knees, her amazing tits pointing at the ground. I rubbed her back, and watched as the head of my cock penetrated her butt. A slow centimeter at a time, I eased myself into her steaming depth. Once my head popped through, Sarah let out a deep breath, and started breathing harder as I continued to press myself into her delicate ass.
"Fuck me, J. That feels so good. Please put it all the way in. Please fuck me. Please?"
In a single smooth motion, I pushed forward, and buried myself in her butt. It was so erotic, seeing my cock deep in my sister's ass. We were exposed. Sarah, with one hand on her knee, and the other on her breasts, taking my penis up her ass. The reality of it almost made me cum right then and there.
Slowly, I started fucking her beautiful derrière. Her dripping pussy soaked my balls every time I bottomed out inside of her. My sister moaned with desire as I fucked her ass. She was truly lost in bliss with my cock buried in her backside. I watched my dick slip effortlessly in and out of her tight ass, and the sight of it brought me to the edge of no return.
"Sarah, I'm going to cum!"
True to her word, she spun around, and hit her knees. She smiled up at me as I stroked my sticky penis, and I came load after load all over her tits and face. My sister had my cum dripping off of her still hard nipples, down onto her pussy.
It was still plenty daylight outside, and I had just fucked my sister's ass outside. No one came by, but I can't say if any of the neighbors we watching from their windows. This new exhibitionist thing is becoming more and more appealing, and I can't wait to do it more.
"So...should we get dressed and ready to go?" I asked Sarah.
"I didn't bring any clothes..." Sarah replied. "I thought maybe we could just order pizza or something, and spend time together here. Is that ok?"
Of course, I said it was, as I thought about my gorgeous sister driving to my house naked. What a vision! My naked sister...lover...out there driving naked!
"I'm not really in the mood for pizza, though. How about sushi? We can use Grub Hub, and get some sushi delivered."
"Oh man, that sounds amazing!"
"Let's get your sweet ass inside, then, my love."
"What did you just call me?" Sarah asked, clearly taken aback by my new pet name for her.
"My love. Sarah, I love you. You know that, but you're more than my sister and the girl I fuck sometimes. You are my true love."
Tears welled up in her eyes, as Sarah got to her feet and wrapped her arms around me. My cum mashed between us, making both of us sticky. She kissed me, and returned the name, calling me her brother, her lover. Pulling away and smiling up at me, she noticed the strings of cum connecting my chest to her breasts.
"We should get cleaned up. I'm hungry!"
"I have something you can eat."
"Haha, no offense, J, but I really need to eat food. I'll have you for desert," she said, winking at me, and starting towards the door.
"I'm going to hold you to that," I said, following her inside.
Sarah went to the shower while I took out my phone to order sushi. Satisfied that I had ordered enough for us, I put my phone away, and went to join Sarah in the shower. There, I found her still licking my cum off of her body while she rubbed her pussy. I had not yet seen my sister masturbate, but it was an amazing sight. She saw me watching, and noticed my again erect penis, and invited me to join her. I stepped inside, and replaced her fingers with my own in her pussy. Sarah leaned back against the wall, and spread her legs, allowing me better and deeper access to her steamy wet pussy. I stuck two fingers inside her, causing her head to go back and her eyes to close, as the water cascaded over her body. I leaned in and captured her left nipple in my mouth, and sucked gently while fingering her. Her hand came up to hold the back of my head as I sucked her nipple. I looked up at her. She looked so gorgeous, standing there with wet hair, and eyes closed in erotic bliss. I had to stop, though. I pulled my fingers out of her sopping slit, and rose to kiss her.
"Why did you stop?"
"The food will be here soon. We don't want to miss it. Besides, we have all night, right?"
She agreed, but had a puppy dog look on her face, as I had not yet let her cum.
"Patience, my love," I told her, making her smile at me with her sexy green eyes.
I washed her quickly, and shut the water off. As I handed her a towel, she asked what she was going to wear.
"You're dressed perfectly for me, sweetheart."
"You're so good to me," Sarah replied with a beaming smile.
She wrapped the towel around her hair, and proudly pranced out into the living room, still completely naked. I joined her there, finding her now carelessly flipping through channels on the TV.
"A drink for my lover?" I asked.
"Please! I'll have sex on the beach, please."
"Ha! That would be awesome, wouldn't it?"
"J, you can have sex anywhere you want to with me."
Considering all of the places we could have sex, I went to make us some drinks. We had already fucked in a car, in her driveway, in a conference room at work, in my front yard...how many other places could we make love? The possibilities are endless, I thought, and I get to explore all of them with my sister! The thought made my cock grow again, and it bobbed in Sarah's face as I handed her the drink. She grabbed my penis, and pulled me to her. She dipped it in her drink, then took me into her mouth. She sucked the booze off my dick, and teased me with her tongue. It was brief, though. She wasn't there to blow me. She just wanted to tease me, which drives me completely nuts for her. She dipped me again, and just licked it off this time. If it was possible to grow harder, I surely did, watching her grin, and lick alcohol off of my dick. All too soon, the doorbell rang.
"Ooh, I'll get it!" Sarah said, putting her drink down and jumping up from the couch.
"This should be good," I thought to myself.
Seeing the look of surprise on my face, Sarah said, "what?"
"Nothing!" I replied. "Go ahead!"
She dropped her towel, and headed to the door. The sway of her ass was intense as I watched her walk away. Needless to say, the delivery guy was taken by surprise when she swung the door open wide. His jaw dropped when he looked past her, and saw my boner standing proud. She took the food from the delivery guy, and said, "honey, pay the man," and walked away to start digging into the food. I got my wallet and paid the man, leaving him a healthy tip. His mouth was still agape as I closed the door, and went to join Sarah.
"That. Was. Amazing!" Sarah said. "It felt so free to purposely let someone else see me naked!"
"That was crazy," I replied, "but sexy as hell. Hey, before you dig in, let's eat on the back patio."
Smiling at me, she took the bags, and headed outside to the glass table. She sat down, and I walked to the seat across from her. There was just something about being able to see her nakedness though the table as she sat there. It was incredibly sexy. We ate in tense silence. I was enamored, thinking about how much I missed my sister, and how I never wanted her to leave. Eventually, we started talking about our lives, and what all has occurred since we last spoke. I think she was more talkative now that she had eaten. She must have really been hungry. We chatted about my job, her job, and other things, like what the rest of the family was up to.
"Hey J," Sarah inquired. "Can I stay here with you tonight? It's Friday, and we don't have to work tomorrow, so can I just stay with you?"
"Baby girl, it doesn't matter what day it is, you can always stay with me any time you want."
She got up, and came around to hug me from behind. Her breasts pressed into my back as she leaned down to kiss my cheek and thank me.
"I love you, big brother," Sarah said. She reached down and grasped my boner, and whispered in my ear, "I want you to make love to me under the stars tonight."
She left her lips close to my ear, and slowly stroked my aching member with her clenched fist. I could hear her breathing. I could feel it in my ear. She slowly let go of me, leaving me bobbing free in the air. She started clearing the table, and taking things back in the house. She asked if I'd like another drink, and I told her I would have a beer this time. While she was away, I moved to a more comfortable chair, and awaited her return. Soon, she came back carrying two beers, and sat on my lap, trapping my cock between my stomach and her ass. I was nestled neatly between her cheeks. She lay back against my chest, resting her head on my shoulder. I brought my free hand up to cup her breasts, and tease her nipples. After a short time, Sarah lifted her ass up, and pushed my cock down so it stuck out in front of her. Resuming her position laying against me, she reached between her legs, and played with my cock and her pussy at the same time. She coated me in her abundant juices. I could feel her wetness running down between my legs. I kissed her shoulder, and set my beer down next to me. I took hers, and set it next to mine. One hand joined hers between her legs, while her free hand joined mine on her tits. As we played together with her pussy, she started subtle humping motions against me. Her breathing increased as she humped against our hands. My fingers slid back inside of her moist folds, as her wet hand wrapped around my dick. We masturbated each other as the sun set before us. When I added a finger, she stopped stroking me, and just squeezed my cock. I pulsed in her hand as I felt her body tense up. She drew in a sharp breath, and held it as an orgasm rocked her body. She raised up off of my lap a bit as she was rocked with orgasmic bliss. Finally on full release, she settled back down, pulling me up between her pussy lips.
"Make love to me, J. Make love to me right out here on the patio. I want to come with you when you come inside my pussy. God, J, I want you to come in my pussy."
We stood up, and I went to lay on the patio couch. My penis was still soaked with her juices, and I could see it glimmering in the moonlight. Sarah climbed atop me, and immediately sat down on my dick. Her hot, wet pussy slid right over me, swallowing me within her depths. Slowly, she rode me. Sarah lowered her tits to my mouth, and let me suckle her nipples, and lick every inch of her amazing breasts. We weren't fucking. We were making love. I slid a hand between us, and stuck a finger inside of her pussy along with my cock. I was able to tickle her clit while she rode me, driving her crazy. She came hard, quivering on my penis. I could feel her clench around me as she rode the wave.
Sarah got up and lay down beside me. We were sort of spooning, her head on my left arm. I reached around her to play with her luscious breasts. I kissed her neck and shoulders as I snaked my hand down between her legs. She scooted her ass back closer to me, trapping my cock between her legs. With my fingers on her pussy lips, her new position had me well out in the open, and I pushed my cock up between her lips, not penetrating, but teasing. I gently moved back and forth, and let my stiff wood glide across her exposed clit. Her breathing increased once again, as she rocked to meet my movements, masturbating herself on my penis. She grew wetter and wetter, and I felt her juices coating her thighs and my rod. I finally pressed up on my cock, and let it enter her again, and made slow love to her. My sister raised her leg up, and rested it on my thigh as I pumped myself into her. Bringing my hand back up to her tits, I coated them with the juices from her pussy. I rubbed the slippery juice across her nipples, and pulled and released them repeatedly. Sarah was beginning to get louder, almost screaming as I penetrated her. I started grunting as I pumped into my sisters hot cunt, getting closer and closer to the edge.
"Yes, yes, YES!" Sarah screamed. "Cum inside me, J. Fill my pussy! I want my brother's cum deep inside me."
Eager to oblige, I pumped harder and faster into her moist folds. I felt her whole body tense up, and I knew she was gripped by orgasm. She held her breath as she rode wave after wave of pleasure. I scooted a little lower behind her, so I could get deeper inside of her. As soon as I rammed myself deeper in her pussy, she came again. I pushed in as hard and as far as I could, and emptied burst after burst of hot cum deep inside my sister's pussy. Cumming with my sister was the most amazing feeling ever. Lying on the ground in my back yard, brother and sister as naked as the day they were born. I had just dumped loaded of semen inside of her. I started slow humping motions again, pushing my cum back up inside of her, not letting any escape. Once Sarah started breathing again, she strained to turn her head to kiss me full on the lips. She sucked on my tongue as we both came down from our amazing cum together.
"J, you're still hard. I can feel you inside me," Sarah said, as I continued to caress her amazing body.
"You do it to me, sweetheart. I mean...look at your gorgeous self!"
My still hard cock slipped out of her hot pussy as she turned to face me.
"You really think I'm gorgeous?"
"I do, my love."
Sarah rolled closer to me, and pressed her lips to mine again. We embraced in a passionate kiss, me wrapping my arms around her and pulling her close.
She broke our kiss, looked into my eyes, and softly spoke, "I have my brother's cum in my pussy."
I just grinned at her, and kissed here again.
"I love you, J," Sarah told me. "And I love the things you do to me with your big penis. I want you to come all over me next time, ok?"
"Any place in particular?" I asked her.
"All over me. I want to feel your cum on my ass and pussy, and I want to rub it into my tits," she replied. "Also, I want your cum in my mouth. I want to taste you before we go to bed tonight."
"I can do that," I told her. "It's getting late. Should we go in?"
"Are you sure you don't want to do me again? I mean, you're still hard."
"I know, but I need to rest a bit, then I'll do things to you again."
"Please," she begged. "Please put it in my ass again. But this time, don't cum in me. Pull out so you can cum in my mouth."
Silently, I got up, and helped her to her feet. I lead her to the table, and stepping behind her, gently bent her at the waist. I ran my hands up and down her back while my cock nestled between the cheeks of her firm ass. As I gently massaged her back, she leaned over on the table, pressing her hard nippled into the glass. She spread her legs apart, letting my cock graze over her hole as I humped her cheeks. My cock started drooling precum all over her, making her extremely wet. She was so aroused that her pussy was dripping to the ground below us.
"Please, J. Put it in my butt. I need to feel you there again."
I stopped rubbing when the tip of my cock was perfectly aligned with her puckered hole. With precum still steadily running out of me, I pressed against her. I felt her relax to receive me, and I pressed more. My head just slipped inside, and I kept pushing slowly into her. She held her breath until I had bottomed out, my cock buried completely in my sister's ass, my balls pressed against her sopping pussy. She only started breathing again when I started to fuck her. I watched by the moonlight as my cock slid effortlessly in and out of her butt. It was so erotic fucking my sister in her ass under the moon. I pulled her up by her shoulders. Taking the hint, she lifted up for me. I reached around to paw her breasts while I continued to pump her ass. I leaned over and gently bit her shoulders. I pulled her nipples and fucked her ass even harder. I had just cum, so I started pounding her harder and harder, hoping to draw another cum. Sarah stood and leaned back against me. She leaned back and kissed me briefly, but with a hunger. She looked at me with gritted teeth, and smiled, encouraging me to fuck her ass harder.
She leaned down to the table again, and spread her legs even further. It made it more challenging for me to keep fucking her, because I had to squat down a bit. I grabbed her legs, letting the table support her fully. She wrapped her legs around my back loosely, and let me get full into her. I was deeper than I had ever been in my sister's ass. My cock touched places inside of her that had never been touched before. She came. Sarah's ass tightened around my penis as she was again overcome with lust. I continued to fuck her through her orgasm, feeling her contractions squeeze and release me. Concentrating on the image of my naked sister spread out over that table, taking me up her butt is what I needed.
"Baby, I'm going to cum," I warned.
"Finally," she said. "Stop. I really want you to cum in my mouth. I want to eat you."
I stopped fucking her, and let her legs down, gently so she didn't hurt herself. She got down on all fours, and I knelt in front of her. She crawled to me, her breasts gently swaying as she hungrily approached. Catching my eyes in the low light, she just opened her mouth, and took my tool inside, her tongue running down the length. She didn't stop until I was deep in her throat. She continued to look up at me, and swallowed. And again. And again and again. The swallowing action of her throat was jacking me off right into her throat! I was the most amazing feeling witnessing that. She was certainly hungry for my cum. I impulsively started gently humping as she kept sucking me. And then it happened. I erupted. I shot cum directly into her stomach. Nothing spilled, nothing wasted. She said she wanted to eat me, and she literally ate me. I shot loads of cum straight into my sister's eager throat. Sarah continued to suck me as I softened a bit, and slid from her throat. My cock was only damp with here saliva, as she sucked me completely devoid of any cum. As I slowly withdrew from her mouth, she even sucked that little dribble that remained at the tip.
"Best desert ever," Sarah said. "Thank you. I love you, J."
"Awe, baby, I love you, too! And you're welcome to that desert any time you want."
Sarah said, "I'm sleepy now. Can we go to bed? I want a shower, then I want you to hold me in bed. Can we do that?"
"Of course, baby girl. Go on in, and I'll clean up out here. I'll be in shortly."
I watched her as she stood, and headed for the shower, her beautiful recently fucked ass swaying as she went. I gathered our mess, and dropped it in the trash. When I finally got inside, Sarah was just coming out of the shower. She had only a towel wrapped around her hair, and looked incredibly sexy standing there naked but for the towel.
"Shower's all yours," she said. "I'll be waiting for you in bed."
My sister spending the night with me was going to be great! I had missed her so much, and I couldn't wait to get her in my arms, and just hold her. When I had finished my shower, I found my sister bundled up under the blankets, sleep just having overtaken her. I tried to let her sleep as I joined her, but she wasn't deep enough in sleep and woke when I got in.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart. I didn't mean to wake you."
"It's ok. Hold me."
I crawled in behind her. My sister raised her head, and laid it on my arm, turning her back to me. I slid my free hand down her side, as she snuggled close to me, pressing her sweet as into my once again stiffening penis. It nestled snug between her cheeks. As I smelled her freshly washed hair, I brushed it away, and gently kissed the side of her face as she lay there with her eyes closed. She purred like a kitten as I kissed her, and reached around to cup her breasts. I gently toyed with her nipples while placing light kisses on her face. I'm a boob guy, so feeling her naked breasts brought me full on erect again.
"Again," Sarah asked me.
"I know...it's what you do to me. I love you so much," I replied as I nudged the head of my penis up inside her butt again. I pushed all the way in, being well lubricated by my copious amounts of precum. Her body stiffened under me as she allowed me access. I just bottomed out inside of her ass, and lay there, not pulling out. I felt her muscles working me as I remained still in her butt. I pulled her close to me, still cupping her breasts, and lay my head down on the pillow behind her, her damp hair emanating a fresh scent. Still buried inside of my sister's ass, I drifted off to sleep.
Sometime during the night, I had fully softened, and slipped out of her, but as I woke, I found myself full staff again. Sarah was nowhere to be seen. The sunlight shown through the windows, and I wondered where she had gone. My cock throbbed as I smelled evidence that she was in my bed the previous night. I knew she hadn't gone far, so I took my time waking up. I started to smell coffee and bacon, so I knew then where she was. I got up, and let my morning boner lead me to the kitchen where I found her. She had donned one of my tank tops, and looked sexy as fuck. The tank top she chose was one I had ripped up out of an old t-shirt. The front was plunging, and the arm holes were wide, and showed the best side-boob as she poured me a cup of coffee. The bottom didn't even start to cover all of her ass, and as she turned to hand me the coffee, I could see her puffy pussy lips peaking out from underneath. What a beautiful site first thing in the morning. My sister's pussy peeking out at me.
Sarah stepped up to me, and handed me the coffee. She kissed me and stroked my bare penis. When she said good morning, she still didn't let go of my cock, but just smiled at me.
Sarah turned to flip the bacon and asked, "what do you want to do today?"
Without responding, I walked up and slipped my cock into her pussy from behind. I pumped into her a few times as she fiddled with the food, her pussy already soaking as though she expected me to fuck her. It was only then that I replied, "I can probably think of something."
I reached around her, and set my coffee on the counter, placed my hands on her ass, and continued to pump her tight pussy. She kept cooking as I fucked her, making it only slightly awkward as she moved around working on the food. Sarah moaned constantly as she put the bacon on a plate with paper towels to drain, and cracked eggs for us. When she got the eggs, I fucked her slowly so she could better focus on that. I don't like broken eggs, so she needed that focus. She turned the heat way down, and let the eggs cook. Once satisfied, she spun around, ripping me out of her pussy. She was flushed as she took a barstool, and climbed up on it, sitting facing me and spreading her legs. Taking the hint immediately, I stepped to her, and buried myself back in her pussy. She pulled the shirt up to her neck, exposing her tits to me. Both of us pawed at them, while I fucked her. Her eyes closed, and her head lay back on the counter as I pounded her pussy. I bent down and took a nipple in my mouth, and sucked gently. I slobbered all over her breasts, licking every inch. Sarah's hand pulled my head tighter to her as I adored her amazing tits.
"Hey J?" Sarah asked.
"Yeah, baby?" I replied, never slowing my pace.
"I want you to cum on my tits," she said as her body tensed with her first orgasm of the day. "Cum all over me! Cover me with your cum," Sarah howled as she rode out the orgasm.
I pulled out, and stroked my cock, jerking off to the image of my naked sister spread out in front of me. I came. I shot ropes of cum all the way up to her neck, leaving a streak of cum from her neck to her pussy, the trail right between her tits. I kept cumming, coating her body with streaks of cum all over her breasts. Once I had finished, I pushed myself back into her dripping pussy, and stroked a few more times, letting myself go soft inside of her.
"SHIT! The eggs!," Sarah said as she pushed me away and jumped up to get them.
They were cooked perfectly, so there was no worry. The shirt dropped back down to cover her cum-covered body, immediately sticking to her. It became wet with my cum, and clearly showed her hard nipples underneath.
Sarah made us plates, and we sat to enjoy breakfast together. Sarah took a shower when we were done, so she could wash the dried cum off of herself. Again, I got a boner watching her ass as she walked away. Being with my sister in this way felt more right than ever. We belong together. I'm in love with her, and she with me.
Sarah shaved her pussy while she was in the shower. She found me in the living room, dozing on the couch. I heard her come in, and saw the she wore just the towel on her head again, drying her curly brown locks. She didn't have much hair on her clam before, but now, it was smooth. Completely bald. Her puffy lips exposed to my viewing pleasure. I stood to welcome her, wrapped my arms around her warm naked body, and kissed her like my lover. She melted into me, and I felt her nipples harden against my chest, her bare breasts pressing against me. My erect cock pressed between us, and leaked precum as she ground her body against mine.
"I love you, Sarah," I told her as I broke our kiss briefly. She leapt into my arms, wrapping her legs around me, letting me support her full weight. Her hips above my waist put me in perfect alignment with here freshly shaven pussy. I put my arms under her legs to help support her, and upon feeling my sex beneath her, she wiggled herself into position to allow me to penetrate her. Slowly, I lowered her onto my pole, bearing full depth into her spread pussy while we stood there in my living room. We continued to kiss like long-lost lovers, and she used my arms to provide the leverage she needed to fuck me. Gently as we stood embraced, we made love again. It wasn't hurried at all. It was just erotic copulation, brother and sister connected by their sex. Exhausted from lack of sleep from the previous night's fucking, I was still tired. She was, too. I walked us to the couch, and sat, rather suddenly. The drop and impact shoved my cock so deep inside her pussy that she immediately came. I felt her pussy contract around me, and pulse as she rode it out. I leaned down to take her nipples into my mouth, paying special attention to both. Sarah stopped riding me as she recovered from her orgasm.
"That was amazing, but I'm so tired," Sarah told me.
"I know, baby, I am, too. Why don't you take a nap, then we'll go hike at the lake this afternoon."
A huge smile spread across her face, and her eyes lit up at the prospect of the great outdoors.
"But you didn't cum yet," she told me, showing clear and apparent concern.
"It's ok, love. Take a nap, and I'll finish later, on you, in you, or wherever the lady prefers. Just lay your head in my lap, and we'll nap in front of the TV."
Sarah rose, and let me slip from her sticky pussy. She lay her head in my lap, with her back against the couch. I pulled a blanket from the back of the couch, and spread it over her beautiful body. I toyed with her hair while I found something boring on TV. I could feel her body heat against my rigid pole, as my cock nestled between her chin and neck. Her hand came up to grasp my wet penis, and she gently toyed with it as she fought sleep. Her legs were restless, as she rubbed them together, fighting to stay awake, even though she needed to rest. I put the remote down, and with my left hand, I cupped her breasts, encouraging her to sleep. My right hand drifted beneath the blanket, and stroked gently up and down her bare body. Sarah raised her head, and took as much of my penis into her mouth as she could comfortably stand. She didn't swallow me this time. She just wanted me in her mouth while she tried to sleep. Her lips were soft, her mouth wet and warm around me, and she applied subtle sucking motion as though she were a baby on a pacifier. The gentle sucking motion was enough to put me over the edge, and I erupted in her mouth. Sarah eagerly gulped blast after blast of sperm down her throat, swallowing all I could give her.
After I had finished cumming in my sister's mouth, I started to soften between her lips. I attempted to pull my limp but swollen cock from her mouth, but she wasn't having it. She continued to suck my dick as she finally drifted to sleep. I could tell, because her sucking stopped, and her breathing became deeper. Knowing she was sleeping, I again tried to dislodge myself from her mouth, but the stirring woke her, and she again refused to release me. I resolved myself to the fact that I had become my sister's human pacifier, my cock in her mouth being what puts her to sleep. I lay my head back, and wrapped my hand around as much of her upper tit as I could, the nippled pressing into my palm. I watched whatever was on the TV only briefly before sleep overtook me as well. My dick still in my sister's mouth, we slept together on the couch.