It was a sunny, cold Saturday afternoon in November. There had been a bit of early snow that was still on the ground. I was on my way home from work when the smell of some kind of spiced coffee drink lured me towards a little cafe.
I was rooting around in my pocket to see if I had enough change to feed my caffeine addiction when suddenly from behind me someone put their hands over my eyes and said "guess who?"
"Oh my god," I said, "did I stumble into a movie or is this something people really do in real life?"
"Oh shut up," said the voice. "Be a good sport and play along."
It was a girl's voice, and it was definitely familiar but I couldn't quite place it.
"Can I have a clue?" I said.
"Who do you know that lives near here?" she said.
"Oh!" I said, "Nikki?"
The hands moved away from my eyes. "No fair!" she said, "the hint made it too easy."
I turned around to see for myself, and it was definitely Nikki. She's a very distinctive person.
Nikki is short. Barely five feet tall. I like to tease her about that a lot. But for her size she's a dynamo. She tackled me into a pool once, and even though I saw her coming and braced for it she took me down anyway.
She was a third year sociology student at one of the local universities. I'd first met her just over two years ago when she was doing frosh week. She came into my store doing some kind of freshman scavenger hunt. She was cute and charming (and just a little drunk) and we hit it off right away.
She started coming into my store on a regular basis to bug me, and we'd gotten to be friends outside of the store too. I would definitely have considered asking her out, but she'd had the same boyfriend since I met her.
They were high school sweethearts, and decided to go to the same university. Against all odds, they had survived as a couple so far. I'd met him a few times. I didn't have anything against him, except he seemed a little boring. Especially for someone like Nikki, who was anything but boring.
Case in point, Nikki liked to dress in flamboyant colors. For example today she was wearing a bright green parka and a neon yellow hat. Bright pink sunglasses and lipstick completed the ensemble.
"Geeze did you have to stand on a box to reach my eyes?" I asked as I finished looking her over. Like I said, she's short. I tease her about it often.
She kicked me in the shin. Which she often does in response to my teasing.
"Ouch," I said, "you may have crippled me."
"Oh no," she said in mock concern.
"You could at least buy me a coffee to make up for it," I said, gesturing towards the cafe. Yes I am that shameless when it comes to getting enough caffeine.
"Not from here," she said, shaking her head. "I've got better stuff at home. C'mon."
She led me around the block a couple of streets over to her place. It was a typical student house, meaning it was always at least in moderate need of repairs and cleaning.
One of her roommates was outside making a snowman in the yard. She looked very cold, but smelled strongly of pot and booze, which might have been influencing her decision to keep building.
We passed by without comment and went inside.
Nikki led me to the kitchen, dropping her parka and hat on the floor along the way. Underneath she wore jeans and an actual tie-dyed t-shirt. Sometimes I wanted to ask her what decade she thought it was.
As she tossed her sunglasses on the counter and started making coffee I noticed that the place was quieter than usual. When I mentioned this she nodded. "Two of my roomies are at a film festival for the weekend and Greg is at his parents' house."
Greg was her boyfriend. "You didn't want to go with him?" I asked.
She shrugged. "I was going to go, but I wasn't really in the mood to deal with his mother. Plus we had another argument."
"You and Greg? What about?"
"Oh you know already," she said, looking frustrated.
"The same thing as last time?" I asked.
She nodded.
I knew that recently she had bought a vibrator and Greg for some reason was unhappy about this.
None of my business certainly, but drunk Nikki had no filter when it came to sharing stories from her personal life, so I'd heard the whole story when we last went to the pub.
"So what is his problem exactly?" I asked.
"I don't really know," she said. "I guess he doesn't understand why I want it. I think it makes him insecure."
"What really?" I said. I couldn't help laughing and she smiled back.
"Is it like twelve inches long or something?" I asked.
She laughed loudly at that, almost dropping the coffee tin she was holding. "No, no," she said, "it's...well c'mon."
She put down the coffee stuff and led me into her room. I'd never been in here before but it clearly reflected Nikki's personality. Lots of bright colors, walls festooned with band posters and Van Gogh prints screaming the universal language of "I am a poor college student expressing my individuality as best I can with minimal budget."
There were a couple of bookshelves one of which was covered with stuffed animals and also creepy clown dolls.
"You actually sleep in here?" I said, gesturing to the clowns. "Well this explains everything."
"Shut up and sit down," she said, "I don't want you breaking anything or geeking the place up." She winked as she said this and pointed at a sort of loveseat thing across from the bed.
I did as I was told and sat down while she rummaged in her bedside table. After a moment she produced the vibrator. It was about six inches long, multi-colored (of course) with smooth sides, tapering to a rounded edge at the tip. It didn't look particularly daunting.
"That's it?" I said. "Does it roar like a dragon when it's running or something?"
She laughed again. "No, of course not. Here," she twisted something at the bottom and it came to life. It made a buzzing sound that was not very loud. She fiddled with the controls and the buzzing changed. Now it ran through a sequence of rhythmic buzzes: four longer slower ones, followed by half a dozen quick ones. "That's my favorite setting," she said, blushing slightly. That was rare, Nikki was normally pretty immune to being shy or embarrassed.
"So what's the big deal?" I asked.
"I don't know!" she said. She sat down on the bed, then flopped dramatically down on the huge pile of pillows up against the headboard. She dropped the vibrator on the bed next to her, where it continued buzzing merrily away. "It's so frustrating," she added.
I shook my head. "Seems to me Greg is missing out on a golden opportunity to use it on you, or watch you use it on yourself. Or to make you tease yourself with it until you can't take it anymore."
She looked confused. "How would that work?" she asked.
Inwardly I sighed. Apparently Greg was not so big on foreplay it seemed. "Well you know, you would use it on yourself, but only where he told you. He would have you move it around your body slowly getting to the more...um...sensitive places, but never letting you stay there for long."
She still looked blank. So I gestured for her to pick up the vibrator and so she sat up and did so. "Well for example," I said, "He would probably tell you to start by running it along your arm, starting from your shoulder, down past your elbow to your wrist."
She started doing as I described. "He would tell you to go a little slower," I suggested. She slowed down.
We kept on like that. Each time I would phrase it as "he would tell you to" and then tell her what I wanted her to do.
She ran it back up the inside of her arm, giggling a little as it tickled her near the armpit.
Then - over the pants - I had her run it down the outside of her thigh down to the knee. Then up the inside of her thigh almost - but not quite - to the goods. I had her repeat that pattern on the other leg, noticing that she had started to breathe a little harder.
I had her run it down the small of her back, and then across each butt cheek. She shifted into a kneeling position to do so. Then I had her run it very slowly between her butt cheeks. She giggled some more and then coughed, which almost sounded like she was trying to hide a moan.
I couldn't really believe she had gone along with it for this long. I was hesitant to push my luck, but eventually I suggested she run it along her upper chest. She did it. I had her move a little lower, onto the tops of her breasts, which she also did.
"He would want you to touch your nipples with it, but only briefly."
She touched it to her left nipple, taking a deep breath as she did so. I let her leave it there for a few seconds, then told her "okay now switch to the other one" and she did. Again after a few seconds I said "Okay, now take it away." She made a pouty noise, but did so.
I froze up for a second, not sure what to suggest next or how far she would want to take this.
After a moment of silence she said, "What would he want next?" Her voice was a little husky, and I decided to risk going further.
"Well at this point he would want you to take off your pants. But leave your panties on."
She looked at me for a second, and I thought she would refuse, but then she smiled and pulled the sheet from the bed over herself. A certain amount of rearranging took place, where I heard her jeans unzipped, and presumably slid down. Then she was leaning back against the pillows, her knees up in front of her, holding up the sheet like tent poles. All I could see of her lower body was her bare feet poking out from the end of the sheet.
I had her repeat the pattern of her legs again, only this time on the second leg I kept saying "a little further" until I could tell by the shift of her knees and arching of her shoulders that she had it pressed right up against her pussy. I let it stay there a second and then told her to move it away. She made the pouty sound again, but she did.
I had her run it along her arms and armpits again, getting another giggle for my troubles. Then it was back to the nipples, slightly longer than the last time. She moaned again, with no real effort to hide it this time.
By this time her bedside clock was telling me it had been over twenty minutes, and I figured maybe it was time to let her get there. I was also kind of worried about the vibrator battery dying, which would have spoiled things.
"He would want you to run it along the inside of your thigh again," I said.
"Can I take off my panties first?" she said. Apparently she also thought it was time to get there. Great minds think alike, I guess.
"If you want to," I said.
"I do," she said. "Do you want me to?" That was significant. It was the first time she had referred to me directly instead of asking what 'he' would want her to do next.
"I do," I said.
More rearranging. With a little smile she got them off pretty fast. Only when she did, something about how she moved her legs caused the sheet to ride up a little more in front, leaving more of a gap for me to look into. I realized I could see a lot of her inner thigh, almost to her pussy.
Trying to look casual I slumped a little lower in the loveseat. That brought my eyes down just enough that I could definitely get a good view.
I saw the vibrator slowly slide along her thigh, and then directed her to keep going until it touched her clit.
She started to breathe very fast, her eyes closed and her hips started to move in time to her breathing.
"I want you to slide it inside yourself," I said. I immediately thought that was too bold, and I was sure I had ruined everything when her eyes snapped open to look at me.
I raised an eyebrow, not sure what to say.
She let out an embarrassed giggle. "Sorry," she said, "I just haven't done that before."
"Are you...wet enough?" I asked.
"Oh yeah. Definitely," she said.
"Try it," I said.
"Whatever you say," she said.
From the angle I was at, I could see her pussy lips part as she slipped the toy inside herself. As she did the blanket slipped a little more, letting more light in. I could see her pubes were trimmed into the shape of a heart, which I thought was pretty cute.
"Oh yeah," she moaned, thrusting her hips up as she took the whole length of the toy inside.
"Fuck yourself with it," I said.
She did exactly that. Slower at first, and then faster, she fucked her tight little pussy with that multi-colored vibrator. Even as I enjoyed the view I couldn't help smiling, because there was just something so very Nikki-ish about this moment, even though I could never have expected to see what I was seeing.
She was moaning consistently now. "Oh god, I'm so close!" she cried.
"Cum for me," I said.
"I'm going to cum for you. I'm going to...I'm cumming!" She thrashed on the bed, still fucking herself with it, her moans loud enough that I hoped that roommate was still outside in the snow.
Finally she wore herself out. Her knees dropped as she slid her feet forward, blocking my view again sadly. She lay quietly for long enough that I thought she might have fallen asleep. But then she sat up a little, propping herself up on the headboard. She took the vibrator out from under the covers, turned it off, and then dropped it beside her on the bed.
She smiled at me, but very shortly after that her expression shifted, and she started to look like guilt might be setting in. "I can't believe I did that," she said. "Oh god, I really shouldn't have done that."
"Done what?" I said with a shrug. She looked like she was about to reply but I held up my hands to stop her. "No really, done what?" I repeated. "We didn't do anything to each other. I didn't see anything." Okay, that last part was a white lie in a good cause, but she seemed to believe me.
"As far as I'm concerned," I continued, "we had a hypothetical conversation about something you and Greg might do together and that's it. We also don't ever have to have this conversation again if you don't want to." I smiled at her.
Her face relaxed a little. "Ok, I guess that's true." She looked thoughtful for a moment, her eyes far away. Then she shook herself a little and laughed. "That was intense," she said. "If I could think of a way to suggest it that wouldn't get us both in trouble I'd have you give Greg lessons."
I laughed out loud at that. Then I suggested we go back to our coffee, and then maybe see if her roomie wanted to go out to get some food with us.
Nikki got up, remembering at the last second to wrap the sheet around herself so she wouldn't be on display, then kicked me out of the bedroom so she could put her pants back on.
I went, thinking as I did so that Greg was more of an idiot than I would have believed...