It was nearing summer and water wasn't cold anymore for anyone to heat it for bathing. So, Irfan had very little excuse to come into the backyard and stay there for some time. Nisha was still bathing in her birthday suit. Irfan was just looking at her when going and coming back from the toilet. He would say hi and leave.
Irfan was frustrated to not spend time with her naked sister. He was wondering how he now wants to see her sister naked. It was not like this some time ago. He however got some distraction in the form of his friends(Vijay, Naresh and Babu) moving in next door. Irfan was the one who was asking them to move when it got empty.
Irfan would spend most of the time at their place. When the parents aren't home, he would bring them home to play some video games. Nisha also joins them from time to time. They were very shy and nervous around Nisha. After some time they got used to her and loved spending time with.
Nisha's thoughts wandered again and wanted Irfan's friends to get involved in her escapades. She was conflicted. She didn't want to involve someone so close to home.
The college semester exams started for Nisha. She had to start to college early again. This meant her morning bath was earlier than her brother would wake up. He could also wake up early to watch his sister bath nude. But why does he have to do that. If he was smart he wouldn't take the chance.
She was disappointed. She had gotten used to him seeing her and loving the attention. Now she took bath alone undisturbed. She however bathed naked, to maintain the story if someone were to enter the backyard unannounced. She was naked without an audience.
Being busy studying for her exams, Nisha didn't concentrate much on her escapades. But Irfan was very frustrated because of it. Some days he was also busy with his exams. Both their exams got over in about the same time.
The semester holidays started. Nisha had a full 2 months of holidays. Irfan however had courses aligned for entrance exams for higher studies. He wakes up like usual and gets ready for classes in the morning. He however comes back just before noon.
Nisha on the other hand enjoyed her holidays by waking up late. She gets through her morning routine at a leisurely pace after everyone has gone out for the day. She undresses at her room, walks to the backyard, bathes naked, dries herself and stays naked until Irfan gets home. They play some videogames or watch a movie after.
Couple of weeks later, Nisha was getting bored as well. Preethi also went on a vacation to her grandparents'. Parveen also noticed that her daughter was getting bored at home.
Parveen had an idea. The helper that Parveen had for her shop had not come to work for a couple of days. She probably absconded because of some reason. Parveen needed some time to hire a replacement.
Parveen said to Nisha, "I need someone to look after the shop in the afternoon. You can relax in the morning, then after you have your lunch, you can leave for the shop. I will then come home have my lunch and rest up and come back to the store late evening after preparing dinner." This plan was good for Nisha as she was getting bored at home. Nisha agreed to it.
"Ok, I'll do it. How much are you paying me?", asked Nisha grinning.
"Aah, my daughter the entrepreneur", Parveen laughed.
"Ok, I will bite. Whatever you sell. You get 10 percent of the profit", Parveen added
"It is less than what I expected. But I will manage", Nisha replied.
"Don't worry. Sell more and you earn more. You can start tomorrow", Parveen said.
The next day Nisha was ready for her job. She told Irfan about the plan. Irfan was disappointed to hear that. He was also frustrated her was not able to see his sister naked anymore. Now he was not even going to get time to spend with her.
For the first day, Parveen asked Nisha to come to the store to teach her some basics. So, Nisha finished her lunch and went to the store. She went to the store and learnt about the billing and pricing.
Parveen also gave some info on how to handle the customers to sell goods. Nisha was interested. She was ready to take care of it. Parveen left her to it and went home.
There weren't many customers. The afternoons were a dull period. She tried to sell the merchandise to the customers who were visiting and she succeeded in that.
The shop had sarees, dresses, kurtis, innerwear and other accessories. Mostly women showed up to the store. Occasionally some men also showed up.