Black Rose Society: Chapter 2: Hot Chocolate
"Make the next right up ahead" Johnnie said from the passenger side as he looked at the gps on his phone.
"wow this place is huuuuggggeee" Suzy remarked from the back seat.
"Yea. I wonder what this guy does" Jenny commented next to her.
"He's a linebacker for the Titans. I recognized him right away," I said.
"WHAT?!" Suzy shouted. "Why didn't you say anything?"
"I guess I was preoccupied" I said while shooting her a look through the review mirror.
"Oh" Suzy giggled while Jenny shot us a weird look.
As we pulled into the driveway the massive red log cabin came into view. Two huge statues depicting Greek titans guarded the big red door. A big black iron door knocker in the shape of a horseshoe hung over the door. A strange crest with a black flower was hung against the side of the house. Two black Mercedes were parked next to a bright yellow Ferrari in the driveway. I felt out of place as I parked my beat-up jeep with over 300 thousand miles on it.
The girls whispered something back and forth and giggled before hopping out of the car.
I watched them hobble up to the front door in their snowboard boots with huge smiles on their faces. Jenny was dressed in a white snow suit. Her beautiful platinum blond hair was in a perfectly braided bun between her white fluffy earmuffs.
Suzy was wearing a bright pink snow suit with a pink winter hat. Her mittens were tied to her hip and swung about as she made her way to the door knocker.
"Hey sis what do you think we are your personal chauffeurs?" Johnny joked.
Jenny turned and smiled at me, "Harry do you mind grabbing my stuff?"
Suzy chimed in, "Can you grab mine too? I'll owe you one" she said with a wink.
Johnny shook his head as he handed me one of their boards. He laughed while he stuck the other one under his arm, "I don't know who these chicks think they are."
Just as Suzy wrapped her fingers around the big iron door knocker a posh voice came over a hidden speaker, "The master of the house is expecting you. Please come in."
The girls looked at each other smiled and rushed into the house.
"The master is expecting us" Johnny said with a proud smirk.
We stepped inside to a huge foyer. The floor plan was wide open, and you could see the ski mountain through a massive window in the back. The house sat directly off the trail. You could see a steady stream of skiers carving up the snow-white slopes through the back window. There was a big plush red couch near the window. Four cups of hot chocolate were letting off steam on a modern glass table alongside the couch.
"Please have a seat and enjoy the view while the master prepares himself. He apologizes for making you wait. He had urgent business he needed to attend to this morning that kept him later than he planned for." The butler stated flatly.
I was so taken back by the luxurious house that I missed how oddly dressed the butler was. He wore a red velvet vest, short black shorts, and huge mirrored sunglasses that augmented his chiseled jaw line. The vest exposed massive biceps and forearms. His shorts were strained by huge quad muscles and a vulgar bulge. The strangest thing was a red leather collar he wore around his neck with a black rose on it.
"Hi I'm Suzy, what's your name?" The pink clad girl said as she leaned in on the butler.
"I am here to serve madam. Please enjoy the hot chocolate while you wait" he answered flatly.
Jenny grabbed Suzy and pulled her to the couch. Johnny followed them over. I remained standing where I was and continued to take in the room.
As I was admiring the décor the butler stuck a cup of hot chocolate in my face. "Aren't you going to enjoy some hot chocolate sir?" he asked me flatly.
Sir bulge a lot is sure pushing these cocoas I thought to myself. "You working on commission bro?" I joked as I took hold of the steaming cup.
I heard the girls giggle between sips of hot chocolate.
"I'm here to serve" the butler responded flatly.
I nodded and put the cup up to my mouth and faked a large gulp. I was lactose intolerant and didn't need to be running to the bathroom mid slope session. I made a thank you gesture to the butler before continuing to look around the room. The walls were covered with sports memorabilia mixed in with pictures of Barry posing with various famous people. One of the pictures was of Barry with his arm over Jenny and Johnny's mom, Miriam. I felt a bit of jealousy that Barry had his arm around that sexual goddess. Her platinum hair framed her shining blue eyes and juicy lips. In the picture, Miriam wore a white dress that barely contained her mythical breasts. Her perfectly smooth legs were exposed just enough to reveal their alluring curves. God... what I would do to empty my seed into that glorious woman.
I brought myself out of my fantasy and yelled out "Hey Johnny did you kn.." but before I could finish, I was interrupted.
"I hope you are enjoying the view" Barry said with a flourish as he entered the room. His massive 6'7'' stature immediately commanded the presence of the room. He was decked out in designer snow gear and wore a futuristic watch on his left wrist.
Immediately after him Sheila entered the room and asked, "Everyone ready to hit the slopes?" She was dressed in a beige one-piece ski suit that struggled to contain her voluptuous curves. Her pair of enormous tits were strapped tight against the winter fabric. Her massive round booty filled out her one-piece into perfection. I couldn't get over how huge her ass was while still remaining athletic and bubbly.
She walked over to me and placed her hand on my neck and leaned into my ear, "how about you honey? You ready to show me your moves?" she whispered with a smile.
"You bet." I felt my balls swell as I noticed how intoxicatingly good she smelled.
Barry wrapped his tree trunk arm around my neck and pulled me under it and away from his wife. "I like you Harry, don't end up like the last guy that tried to show my wife his moves!" Barry said while he let out a menacing laugh. "Come on kid, lets see what you got" he said with a smile.
The butler opened the glass door that led directly onto the slopes for us.
We snowboarded down the mountain and it became clear, that of the bunch, I was the least experienced. It didn't stop me from trying to lead the pace, but Barry was having none of it. Every time I tried to take the lead, he blitzed past me.
After the trip down the mountain, we started pairing up for the two-person chair lift to take us back up to the top. Barry paired with Suzy. Sheila paired with Jenny. That left me and Johnny to pair up together. Damn, I could have paired up with any of these sexy ass women and I end up with this joker.
We watched the chair in front of us lift up, and we got a nice view of the backside of Jenny and Sheila.
"What an ass..." Johnny muttered next to me.
Which one I thought to myself before responding, "I got to see her in the hot tub yesterday. You have no idea how hot she is under those clothes." Truth be told I was also picturing his sexy sister half naked.
"I need to fuck..." Johnny muttered to himself with a dazed tone.
I looked over and saw him move his glove over to the inside of his thigh.
"Dude. Get a grip" I joked.
"yea....." Johnny drunkenly muttered as he slowly rubbed back and forth over the inside of his thigh.
I looked over at Johnny and saw that his pupils were massively dilated.
"You ok bro?"
Johnny just stared ahead as if in a daze.
Did you take something this morning I should know about? You are acting funny." I asked him concerned.
"Only thing I had this morning was the hot chocolate...." Johnny answered with a deepening daze on his face. He continued in a slur, "Hey you think my sis likes to suck on nipples? I bet Sheila would love it if Jenny unzipped Sheila's huge black titties and started sucking on them."
I looked at the chairlift ahead of us and saw that Sheila's arm was still around Jenny. Jenny had moved over so that she was right next to Shiela. Just then I heard a moan come out of Jenny.
What the fuck is going on?
"I bet sis is getting wet just thinking about having Sheila's rock-hard nipples in her mouth." Johnny continued while his glove moved back and forth over his hard on. "I know she would work really hard to make Sheila feel amazing. She would flick her tongue back and forth over her hard nipple like a good little sex slave. She would make our family so proud serving the Master."
I looked ahead and watched Barry and Suzy get off the chair lift. Suzy was clearly tipsy and was helped off by Barry. After they rode away from the off ramp, I watch Suzy fall onto her knees in front of Barry's crotch. I saw a huge evil smile come across his face.
"That's enough fun for now" Barry said to himself as he held his futuristic watch up and pressed a button on it with his other hand.
As our chair neared the off ramp, I watched consciousness blink back into Johnny's eyes as he pulled his hand out of his pants. "We are at the top already? Must have zoned out" he said.
"You don't remember anything?"
Johnny turned to me before he boarded off the chairlift, "dude you look like you've seen a ghost. Relax man and enjoy the slopes."
A terrifying realization of what was happening dawned on me. This motherfucker drugged my friends with that hot chocolate. Somehow, he can control the effects of the drug with that futuristic watch of his.
When everyone was gathered at the top of the mountain Barry asked with a huge toothy smile, "How did everyone enjoy the ride up?" He then helped Suzy to her feet who had a confused look on her face.
Sheila flashed a smile at Barry while she rubbed Jenny's shoulders.
"I must be really excited...to snowboard" Jenny said with a blush. She must be struggling to figure out why her panties were soaked. "I didn't even notice the ride up" she said bashfully.
"me neither" Suzy answered while she stood up.
Barry's eyes turned to me. They felt like ice.
"yea, I don't remember the lift up at all" I lied.
Barry released a huge smile. "Just taking in the scenery is all. Get ready for a wild ride" he said.
My heart was already racing before I kicked off and started my run down the slope. I was overwhelmed and filled with more than a little bit of fear. Who knew what Barry and Sheila were capable of? It also filled me with rage to think that Barry might use mind control to take advantage of Jenna and Suzy. Surprisingly, having the world open in such a mysterious way, also filled me with quite a bit of excitement....
I made sure to keep an eye on Barry as we skied down the slope. Though, that was quite difficult. He seemed to genuinely enjoy the activity and constantly raced ahead as fast as he could. I finally caught up with him at a winding bend in the trail. He was stopped, off the trail and next to the woods, hands on his ski poles, waiting for us to catch up.
"How is everyone enjoying the mountain so far?" Barry asked with a grin.
"Good," everyone said with a drunken slur. Oh shit, I thought. He must have activated the watch again.
Sheila let out a hearty laugh then hugged Barry. She put her hands behind his head and pulled him in for a kiss. Everyone else just stood still, half drooling, like they were under hypnosis. Sheila and Barry grew more passionate in front of the group. I decided it was best to play along, pretending I was under the spell as well.
Barry reached down and squeezed Sheila's big beautiful ass through her beige ski suit. She moaned then grabbed his beefy ass in turn.
A pair of skiers flew by them with big smiles on their faces. Apparently, they enjoyed watching the couple make out on the slopes.
"You're getting me all worked up baby," Barry said in a deep rumble. Sheila Giggled than turned towards the four of us.
"Who wishes they could squeeze my wife's sexy butt?" Barry asked.
"Very much," Johnny said automatically.
"Yes, please" Suzy said with her eyes in a daze.
"I've been fantasizing all day about it," Jenny answered with a drunken giggle. Wow. I never would have thought Jenny was attracted to women. The thought of Jenny playing with Sheila's big ass sent a jolt through my huge balls. I was broken out of my fantasy by Barry's booming voice.
"And you Harry? I can't believe you haven't thought about grabbing a thick handful of this delicious cake." Barry said.
Another group of skiers went past, grins large on their face as they watched Barry slap his wife's ass.
I realized the mind control was putting the others into a state of complete compliance, making it unable for them to lie. Here it goes, I thought. Then I committed to speaking truthfully in order to play along.... "Yes. Ever since I saw your wife in the hot tub, I've been fantasizing about grabbing her all over her voluptuous body. I would love to grab her ass while I buried my cock deep into her pussy."
I noticed Sheila blush, then lick her thick juicy lips at me. Her brown eyes were filled with a naughty lust.
Barry grinned. "Of course you have, and I enjoy watching her tease you. But you and Johnny are not to touch. I am your master, and my wife is off limits to you. I allow her to tease you because it excites her, but nothing else is to happen. Is that understood?" He asked.
"Yes master," Johnny said in a slur.
"Yes master," I said with a nod.
"But don't worry," Barry continued. "I will use you just as hard as I use these girls. I will take great pleasure in perverting and dominating all of you." He let out a maniacal laugh. "You won't remember any of this, but what happens will seep out to you in your dreams. It will slowly pervert you into creatures of my molding. I have learned that the quickest way to pervert a soul is not to immediately make them do things they would never do. Rather, it is far more effective to find kernels of perversion that are already in them. Then water them, and watch their nasty lust take over their mind from there. Now everyone get on your knees."
The four of us immediately dropped onto our knees. I felt my fall cradled by the soft snow.
"You know... one of the first things I did when I was put on the governing board of this ski resort was to make it an 18 and over to enter. I told the board that it was to pat the bottom line. I told them that parents enjoyed the excuse to leave their children at home. But the real reason was so that I could carry out my dirty little experiments on the slopes." He paused as he watched a couple ski past the group. "I've fucked across half of this mountain" he said with a laugh as he dialed up some controls on his watch. "But back finding kernels of perversion to water.... Which of you has fantasies of cumming in public?"
Jenny and Suzy raised their hands. I caught myself fighting the urge to raise my own hand. What the hell.... Where did that come from.
"Good now sit back into the snow and rub your pussies for me like good little slaves."
The two girls fell to the ground.
Jenny began rubbing her pussy through her white snow suit. "I'm so fucking wet," she said in a low moan.
"Me too Jenny," Suzy said as she stroked her fingers up and down over her cute pink snow suit.
"The next time someone skis past us I want you to tell them what dirty little whores you are." Barry said.
A group of women skied past the group.
"I'm such a dirty whore!" Suzy moaned.
"I'm a whore, please watch me, I want you to watch me as a rub my pussy." Jenny released through moans. She was laid back in the snow with her legs bent at the knees.
The woman at the back of the group slowed down and came to a stop to watch. Her face was flushed full of embarrassment.
I felt my balls filling up and my cock grew incredibly hard. Listening to the girls moan in pleasure was making me want to rip their pants off and fuck them.
"Do either of you boys want to change your mind?" Sheila said with a devilish giggle.
"Yes," Johnny replied in his lusting haze. "I need to jerk my cock off. So badly. I need to cum. I want to cum while you all watch me. Especially that woman over there. It turns me on that she is embarrassed to watch us but cant bring herself to look away."
Sheila looked at me and I nodded. I really do want to stroke my shaft and release what is inside of my balls. But I know its wrong.... This is all so wrong....
"I give you two permission to stroke your cocks for the stranger who is watching you." Barry said, making sure to speak loud enough so the woman could hear him.
"You can stroke as long as she watches you, but you must remain on your knees."
Johnny immediately unbuckled his belt and whipped his dick out into the open air. He had a nice long cock that was nearly 7 inches long. He wrapped his hands around his thick shaft and started to stroke. "Fuck it feels so good to listen to Suzy moan.....and.....and you too sis." He said in a drunken lust. "Fuck...."
Another group of skiers went past. Most of the group looked away in shock and embarrassment but a couple of them gave blushing smiles. As they past, the woman who was watching went to turn down the slope but changed her mind. She looked back at the boys and remained.
My balls were throbbing. I heard the girls' moans turn into the sounds of wet kisses. I turned and saw that Suzy had mounted Jenny and was rubbing her pussy against Jenny's leg while she kissed her. She rode her leg up, down, and around in a circular gyration.
"Do you like Suzy rubbing her pussy against you sis? Does it make your pussy even wetter?" Johnny said as he stroked his cock furiously.
"Yes...." She released through a break in the kissing. "Her using me like this.... It's going to make me cum Johnny."
The sound of Jenny's sweet voice sent a ripple of pleasure from my anus to my balls. This caused me to give in. I released the buttons on my ski pants and rolled my winter trunks away to expose my dick and balls to the cool winter air. My 8 inch cock was rock hard. I grabbed my dick with a lusting hand. I could feel the engorged veins of my dick throbbing with need.
I saw Sheila smile and bite her lip. Her eyes stared hungrily at my big dick and massive balls.
"I didn't say you could look at my wife while you jerked off. Keep your eyes on the stranger," He said.
I felt my face flush, but I didn't care. I was too horny. I looked at the woman who was watching from the side of the ski slope. She was a little plump but had a pretty face. Her face was bright red and her eyes full of lust. I was overcome with an animal urge. It had released from a deep repressed place inside of me.
To my side Suzy started grunting like an animal. "ahhhh fuckkkkk Jenny," she moaned between the sound of ski fabric rubbing madly against each other. "fuck Jenny I'm going to cum all over your leg.... fuck!"
"Fuck I'm coming too Suz...." Jenny said before getting cut off by the press of Suzy's lips. The girls came together while Suzy's tongue was inside Jenny's mouth.
Johnny moaned then shot a huge rope of cum into the air. The woman who was watching gasped and covered her mouth. Then he shot another long stream and another. "Fuck sis.... I'm coming," he said while he shot his final load of cum over the snow.
I felt a pressure building in my balls. Electric pleasure currents rippled through my legs and over my ass. I locked eyes with the woman who was watching. "You want my cum?" I moaned. "I know you want to come here and let me cover you in my cum." The woman gave the tiniest of nods. It caused my loins to churn with a deep and repressed pleasure. I stole a glance towards Sheila. She too was giving the tiniest of nods. I looked back towards the stranger and lusted into her eyes. When I saw her eyes lock with mine, I finally released. My colossal balls shot a long thick rope of cum into the air. The woman blushed but didn't look away. I released another load and another. Pleasure continued to ripple through my body. I stroked out three more long ropes of cum. The snow was covered in a pool of my seed.
When I was at my most vulnerable a group of guys came skiing down the mountain. "What the fuck?" one said with disgust. "Get a room you sickos!" another said. They laughed then continued down the mountain.
The comments from the guys showered the woman who was watching with new embarrassment. She gave me a nervous smile then took off down the mountain.
What the fuck came over me. Who am I? I quickly pulled my pants back up, suddenly flushed with deep shame.
"We are going to have so much fun with them Barry." Sheila said with a sensual giggle.
"You have no idea baby. I have plans for them that are so perverted, even you will flush with bashfulness."
End of Chapter 2