Now it's PIZZA AND PUSSY, maybe--
Later that Daytona Bike Week 1995, we parked across the street from the pizza place again. With luck no one usually parked at the end spot along the narrow road. Maybe the guy wire and telephone pole scared them off. This was back when street parking for non residents was still legal. Now it's all about money and parking lots wanting a small fortune to park.
To do what we've done and raise a family we had to learn to conserve... Be cheap! We soon learned that food and drinks from vendors and in the event bars is very overpriced.
After spending hours in the Main street bars and shops, it was back to the van so Dollie could change. Even though she already had a very revealing outfit on she'd noticed skimpier clothing on other gals. She always had to compete.
Dollie was in an especially wild flashing mood by this time of day. She showed her tits to several bikers in bars and other places where biker babes were doing the same. She laughed as some biker chicks showed me their pussies. It's the way it was back then.
Dollie put on another very low top. But this time a micro-mini-skirt. Panties? Heck no! We walked across the street to the tiny pizza joint. I ordered another small supreme and drinks. I'm thinking they didn't serve liquor. So we probably ordered sodas.
Pizza guy number 'One' recognized us... Dollie's tits, and welcomed her by name. Yelled something to the cook like "hey Geno, Blondie with the nipple rings is back."
The skirt was very short. As I remember, it was up to her ass as she sat in the pizza joint. Yes, noticed by Pizza guy number 'One' and number 'Two', as number 'Two' peered out thru the opening between the kitchen and counter area.
So now it was Dollie's tits and ass they were talkin about. The table was one of those tiny round wrought iron things so we could look right through the spaces at her. But just like a proper lady, her legs were crossed.
Not sure who to blame, maybe the beer earlier. Dollie was soon sitting there, both nipples peeking out, her skirt hiked up, and now her legs spread very un-lady like. At least Dollie's chair was aimed so anyone coming in the front door didn't get a beaver shot or worse! But anyone behind the counter could.
If another gal tried something kinky Dollie had to copy. The gals downtown showed me their tits and pussies so now Dollie had to show men hers. One young lady was especially wild as she sat up on a transformer box with her legs and her pussy spread wide as I took close up photos. Dollie told me later she was going to try something like that. Okay, blame the wild biker babes -- and the beer! Blame me for teaching her this stuff! It was now time to copy the naughtiest of the naughty!
Pizza guy number 'One' was one of those guys who doesn't hold back what he's thinking or seeing. As he came back from the kitchen he got both eyes full of Dollie's pussy and a shiny navel ring dangling from her pussy lip!
I don't remember his words.
But something like "holy shit, Geno, look at this pussy. It's got jewelry hangin out of it."
Geno, pizza guy number 'Two', rushed out to stare at Dollie's wide spread cunt.
I said something like "Dollie do you realize they can see your fully spread pink hole?"
Calmly she answered something like. "So, is there a problem?"
We all pretty much answered "No problem."
She didn't move. Although she was squirming around more now. I'm sure we knew what that meant! A sign that she was enjoying herself.
Remember this was in 1995, who knows exactly what was said. I just figured it seems right and the notes were fresh. As the pizza guys stared and described what they were looking at, Dollie was squirming more on her chair.
I believe the two pizza men also knew what was happening, as Dollie sort of whimpered and grinned.
Maybe it was Geno who said something like, " we're gonna have to clean that chair off when she leaves."
Teasing, Pizza guy number 'One' said "yea Geno, after you get done lickin it."
Geno snapped back "I'd like to lick something. But not the chair."
Now Dollie had the hots!
As most people do out of curiosity, both pizza men bent down for a closer look at Dollie's hanging lip piercing jewelry. An excuse to examine her pussy closer. At times like this, many either ask or just reach out and tug or wiggle hers and my jewelry. Great attention getter's and conversation pieces.
A biker couple maybe in their 40's came in. Dollie put her legs together, even though they were seated off to the side more. Small talk with them, ate our pizza and left.
From that first time in 1995 until just a few years ago we stopped several times a year and ordered a pizza. Dollie teased the two pizza guys by showing her tits, ass, and spread cunt. They were thrilled and thanked us each time. Seemed like harmless fun!
A few times other bikers or a few old men got a free show too. But only because one of the pizza guys begged Dollie to spread her legs and show them her jewelry.
Now you see why people have these strange piercings and tattoos! I regret not letting Dollie get tattoos years ago.