Part 10. Film Show
This Part refers back to previous chapters of the story. It may only make full sense in context if read after the foregoing Parts in the story.
Chapter 27. Freshening Up
An afternoon of totally unexpected eroticism was morphing into an evening of yet more sexual promise. So far, Rita and I were the only ones to have got it together. Ruby had been my target for the day, following a previous encounter which had satisfied her but left me unfulfilled.
She had thrown me and a late arrival, Rita, together, to prepare Rita to join our nude party. I interpreted that as her not having any sexual interest in me any more. She been sending me contradictory signals during the afternoon: at times teasing then distant.
It was her daughter Sylvia who had suggested a film show, aware that I had brought some sexy family videos with me. She assumed that the contents were of an epic naked horse ride of hers. She was about to get a big surprise.
Ruby had been told about her daughter's ride by her friend, Rita. She also had every justification for thinking that would be the subject of the videos. Yet she was about to get an equally big surprise.
Her husband, Sebastian, was oblivious to all of these antics. Ruby had never got around to telling him of her adventure with me and a horse, let alone Sylvia's reckless erotic horse riding sexcapade. So the question with him was how would he react to the revelations to come? Would it satisfy his voyeuristic desires, or fill him with jealousy
Only Rita had seen Sylvia's epic horse ride video. Her arrival had complicated the evening, which had been designed by ruby for two couples, one of whom - Sylvia - had initially been a reluctant participant. I, too had been unaware of the wider agenda the Boxing Day lunch entailed.
Sebastian clearly had a healthy sexual relationship with his wife, but appeared to want to get to know his stepdaughter better. Yet Sylvia had resented his intrusion into her already difficult relationship with her mother. He had shocked Sylvia in the past by trying to persuade her to join their nudist lifestyle
Sylvia and I also had a troubled relationship, based largely on her dislike for perceived professional inequalities, but also due to her mental barriers to sex. She had been hostile at seeing me that afternoon on her arrival at her parent's house. Yet it had not affected her increasingly sexy mood towards me during the family games.
Ruby's teasing attitude towards me left me suspicious of her motives, since she was evidently smitten with her husband, and might be winding him up by making faux advances to me.
That Boxing Day lunch had been conceived with Sylvia in mind, and for two couples, two generations: perm any two from four, assuming the greater likelihood of heterosexual couplings. Rita was the recently dealt wild card, who had persuaded Ruby to let her gate-crash the proceedings. Would she remain a bystander as she had volunteered to be, or get drawn into them?

~*~*~

Ruby had declared timeout from the increasingly raunchy proceedings to take Sebastian upstairs to be fucked, although she did not admit that at the time. I suspect that she had instigated it with deliberate intent: to spike Sebastian's immediate sexual cravings towards his step-daughter. She wanted to be in sole control of the conclusion to the evening.
She returned fifteen minutes later from their temporary disappearance, carrying a pile of large towels. Since we were not likely to be engaging in water sports, and we were not about to watch a Disney movie, the towels were clearly to protect the furniture from whatever secretions might be triggered by naked bodies during the film show. She was bent as always on organising us.
"Now that we are all nude, I would like you all to stay that way. So you should each sit on one of these towels. Sebastian is freshening up just now. I suggest you all do the same. I'll be back in a few minutes"
Ruby had gone to shower because she had formed a clear idea of what sort of movie was about to be shown. Little did she know who would be one of the stars
Sylvia wanted to freshen up as well. When I declined to join her, she looked at me questioningly.
"No, I don't need to," I said. "I'll keep Rita company. Don't be long, though."
I wanted to talk privately to Rita. When we were alone, was sat on a sofa, on supplied towels, of course. She smiled as she studied me, glancing down at my crotch.
"I see your friend is getting interested again. Do you find my body that desirable? I rarely care to find out when men think."
"Ah, well I can say without fear of correction that mankind's deprivation of the delights of your body would be a crime against nature. You're simply stunning, Rita."
She frowned. "But Ruby's and Sylvia's bodies are both far more exquisite in their different ways. How can I compete with them?"
"Don't try. Your attractions are far more primeval for men. Your body is sex on legs and beautiful, perfect to attract males for procreation."
"Well, your first attempt failed to advance nature's cause. I didn't get pregnant. I'm glad that I rediscovered heterosexual pleasures though. There's nothing quite like a real, throbbing, big, fat cock. My only reservation is the quality of the man attached to its other end.
"Would you have minded getting pregnant?"
"I don't think so, provided the man stays on hand to help out. But of course, he would have to have a bearable personality. You, my sweet young man, are just a tad too young for me."
"You look full of vitality to me, and you stimulate me with ease. Was it your visit to my house that achieved that change in your sexual tastes?"
She gave an amused smile. "Quite a bit, but not all; I now know that that I'm bisexual, as I always suspected. I was just a poor judge of men in my youth. But thanks partly to you, I've lost my animosity towards men in general. I know what you were thinking - that I owe it all to you. In fact, it was Sylvia that challenged my thinking, although she was talking about you at the time. Her comments intrigued me enough to want to meet you, and see for myself whether I could stomach intimacy with a man again. You might have given me short shrift, sent me packing. But you didn't, and I think it worked out very well. I've decided I must just be more discriminating about my men."
"So why did you refuse to see me again when I asked?"
"Pride, pure and simple; you'd disturbed my equilibrium. I gave you the brush off and then later was too proud to phone you back and admit I was wrong. I'm humbled that I could be taught a lesson in relationships by a much younger man. How did you get to be so wise?"
I laughed out loud at her absurd assumption. "Far from wise, I'm still inexperienced, but I'm learning all the time. If you'd known me before I met Sylvia, you would not recognise the present me. It's her and Ruby - and you - who've widened my horizons. Call it happenstance.
"I'm really pleased you're here, but are you really content just to sit and watch what develops for the rest of the evening? Ruby hadn't planned for a fifth person to be present. I think her games were designed for a foursome."
Rita sighed. She had such a lovely sexy contralto voice. "This evening, and our, er, invigorating shower, has salvaged my Christmas. I wouldn't miss being here for the world, now that I've witnessed how you four have gelled together. It's very entertaining to watch - and stimulating, all your lovely, sexy naked bodies. I wouldn't object though if I got roped into the fun. My encounter with you has been satisfying enough, though. I shall sleep happily tonight. And your cock appears to want more. Is that the famed powers of recovery of a younger man?
"You've been a great inspiration for me."
"Why, what has he done?"
That wasn't Rita.
We both turned our heads in surprise.
Sylvia had returned. I didn't think it politic to reply, and tell her that I'd fucked Rita in the shower room soon after her arrival. Rita stepped in to cover our tracks.
"I'm a confirmed voyeur, darling. I'm enjoying watching your sexy antics. Your boyfriend being here is just the icing on the cake."
Chapter 28. Is this something you should show your parents?
Sebastian and Ruby returned. He was looking relaxed, all over, whilst she was still keyed up from the earlier teasings. He set up the DVD player and projector whilst Ruby set about organising everybody in her customary fashion. She handed out towels and directed me to position long footstools in front of the sofas facing the drop-down screen.
I suspected that this was a normal routine at many of their parties. I could only guess at the events of those past occasions. Were they as erotic as the day so far had been, and what was about to be revealed?
The sight of the footstools reminded me fleetingly of my first meeting with Rita whose bottom displayed whilst kneeling had so inflamed my passion. I dragged my mind away from that arousing memory to see Sylvia giving me a questioning look. Too late I realised that huge boner had sprung up. They were becoming such a regular feature of that day that I hardly noticed them by then. It was apparent, though that Sylvia was using them as a gauge.
I had labelled the DVDs with cryptic phrases that would not disclose their contents to a casual discoverer of the disks. Sebastian had selected 'Exotic Dancing'.
"I have a suspicion these are not Hollywood movies, so I've started with the tamest title, to acclimatise us."
He sat beside Ruby on one long sofa. Sylvia cuddled up next to me on the other. That left room for Rita on either. She chose instead to kneel on the floor with her back and bottom to me, leaning on her elbows on a footstool. She was reminding me of our first encounter, which was confirmed when she turned to look back at me, with an enigmatic smile.
Sebastian hit play on the remote control. Sylvia appeared on screen in the living room of her old house, dressed in the sexy, revealing shiny gold belly dance outfit. It provoked appreciative noises from Ruby and Sebastian as she posed for the camera with a flushed face, before beginning her dance.
Sebastian was intrigued. "Wherever did you get that sexy ensemble from?"
It was a good question to ask since at that time High Street sex shops were nowhere near as ubiquitous as they are now.
The gold metallic wire bra of thin vine branches had just two vine leaves each covering a nipple, so the bra showed a great deal of her breast flesh, and left little doubt as to the desirable shape of her tits. Her bare right leg pushed out from beneath the thin gold tassels of the grass skirt, suggested little or nothing behind the tassels.
Ruby was impressed. "That's a very suggestive outfit, Sylvie. I'm sure if I arrived at a party dressed like that, there would be little doubt of my intentions."
"Do you normally dress like that for parties?" asked Rita.
"I don't normally go dressed to undress," she replied. "It should be spontaneous when it happens."
Sylvia's tassel skirt on screen was in layers. As she shed them during her dance it became increasingly evident how scantily she was dressed, as Sebastian remarked, "My god, she's got nothing on underneath. I'm stunned how sexy you look there, Sylvia. I'd never guess that you would dare to be so teasing."
Sylvia and I exchanged glances as we recalled that evening. She had bought the digicam and that outfit primarily to arouse me enough to finger her to an orgasm. It proved a big ask at the time. The reaction at this premiere of her outfit and her strip dance now took her as much by surprise as the revelation did the others.
She gripped my penis tightly to gauge its effect on me. My shaft pulsed vigorously within her grasp. This was her first chance to see her semi-naked body on screen, and she was getting excited about it. And there was much more to come.
Ruby was gently stroking Sebastian's cock as well, as they watched Sylvia's on-screen strip-dance spellbound. When she donned the semi-transparent grey-black gauze body veil and removed her bra, the tantalising sight on screen of her bare breasts beneath the gauze caused more excitement than her first unveiling of her nude body earlier that afternoon.
By the time she removed the tassel skirt on screen and her figure was barely concealed by the semi-transparent body veil, Sebastian's bottom was lifting from the sofa seat cushion. He seemed to be imagining copulation with her so desirable young body. He was certainly entranced by her performance. Her body looked stunning on the screen, and all the sexier for being partially obscured behind the veil.
"Sylvia, would you indulge me by kneeling alongside Rita at the footstools. "Then we can enjoy your twin displays on screen and live in front of us at the same time."
It still seemed odd to me for naked parents to be asking their equally naked daughter to how off her body to them, but that was what Sebastian and Ruby had hoped for all along. Sylvia glanced at me for guidance. I nudged her gently and said, "Indulge your father-in-law - and me."
She moved to kneel beside Rita, casting me a backward glance; for her step-father, nothing. She and Rita made an odd couple with the marked disparity in their body sizes, but I could not tear my gaze away from Rita's larger, less subtle but far more erotic anatomy.
The video recording caught frequent close-ups of Sylvia's bottom, which was arguably her best feature. Her breasts were so perfectly formed that I had to remind myself that they were real. Sebastian leant back on the sofa and stared intermittently between Sylvia's bottom on the screen and in the flesh in front of him. She turned her head to check on him at last, then parted her knees and arched her back to push up her bottom and improve his rear view of her pussy within her gloriously shapely bottom cheeks.
The recording ended with Sylvia naked and letting the gauze veil slip from her body. We applauded her stunning performance.
It was followed by another recording on the disc, whose contents had taken me by surprise when I first viewed it many months before. I had given Sylvia her first male-induce orgasm, albeit exhaustively with my wrist and fingers. She had then fallen asleep before giving me the opportunity to take up her offer to "do whatever you want".
When she later visited my bed early the following morning, she had brought the camera with her and recorded her arousing me and my tool from our slumbers and sitting astride me, riding my cock until I came, noisily.
She turned her head now to say, "That was my surprise for you, Simon. I hope you enjoyed it."
I chuckled. "If I hadn't, I wouldn't be showing it to you all now. For months, these videos were my only inspiration. I can only thank you for arousing me so often in your absence."
Sebastian leapt up to change the disk, saying, "great start, and there's two more to come. How can you top those performances, Sylvia?"
When he went back to the sofa, his cock was so engorged that he knelt behind her on the carpet instead, and began an uninvited assault on his stepdaughter's pussy from the rear. The younger Sylvia would never have allowed him near her. She did not react now, other than to lift her head and arch her back. It appeared that she was going to allow his sexual advances, and in full view of the rest of us.
Ruby took the opportunity of his move to come and join me on the other sofa. I suspected that was how their dinner parties tended to develop once Sebastian made the first move. She lightly stroked my cock as we watched her husband tease Sylvia's body towards full arousal. The two couples had formed, perhaps just as ruby had intended?
Having been offered no resistance by Sylvia to his caresses of her pudenda, Sebastian lifted her bodily and flipped her onto her back along the length of the footrest, close to where Rita knelt. Sylvia's bottom overhung one end of the stool and her legs were raised aloft. She moaned as he knelt on the floor and tongued her clitoris. She stroked his hair as he moved his head up her body and sucked on her nipples. She was going to allow him full access.
She sighed long and deeply as he stretched out his body, balancing on his hands on the footstool either side of her waist, his toes on the carpet. He penetrated her with a gentle but decisive thrust. The stepfather had attained his objective for the evening.
Sylvia gasped but offered no resistance. Instead, she turned her head sideways to gauge my reaction. I should have been repulsed by a naked man attacking Sylvia's body. But Sebastian had a very attractive, tanned physique that even a heterosexual man could appreciate. My tummy was performing internal belly flops, and my cock pulsed, as I watched him making love to his stepdaughter. I smiled, and sought to control my suddenly overwhelming desire to masturbate as I enjoyed their spectacle. I didn't feel any jealousy, only a pressing need for personal gratification. It looked such a natural progression of events of that afternoon that I had to remind myself that this was my first live sex show.
Ruby leant forwards and whispered solicitously, "Can you feel anything, Sylvie?"
Sylvia let out a strangled groan, then lapsed into a regular rhythm of quick intakes of breath then sighs, as Sebastian repeatedly thrust inside her. His voice trembled with emotional relief at her acquiescence, as his long-cherished ambition appeared about to be realised. He alternated gasps with grunts of increased effort as his body began to assemble its forces for a spermal assault on her womanhood. They increased in volume and intensity as his climax approached. Sylvia's gasps grew louder as well, sounding confusingly like cries of pain. Their conjoined bodies were captivating to watch, as Sylvia's slender but shapely frame was attacked from behind by Sebastian's powerful, tanned, muscular physique.
Rita, Sebastian and I leant in, captivated by their impromptu display, and their evident commitment to this intimate act. It was pure, unforced sensuality. The atmosphere was so relaxed that any potential embarrassment at watching such intimacy quickly passed. It was replaced with my growing arousal. Nor did Ruby appear in the least surprised or put out that her husband was fucking his step-daughter. She was fully involved in their maiden coupling. It was as if she and Sebastian had both connived to this end. She had relinquished my cock and was massaging her breasts, her normal primary source of self-arousal. Rita kept casting backward glances at me as she watched, enthralled.
My heart pounded as my stomach churned with irrational fears that I would be left with the penetration of Sylvia's pre-filled vagina, awash with another man's spunk. I must confess to having had a very sheltered upbringing. Would Sebastian offer selfish resistance to my attempt to possess her mother's body as an alternative?
My cock pulsations declined as I watched them. My blood pressure eased. I watched the impending culmination of this coupling approach with a strange sense of sexually aroused detachment.
Sylvia's gasps were increasingly followed by cries of evident excitement. Jealousy gripped me, in case Sebastian proved the beneficiary of my patient past nurturing of her libido. Would she come for the first time for him, rather than for me?
Then she cried out loudly between pauses as she gasped, "Oh, Poppa - I want you - to come - I want you to - be satisfied - but not inside me. Come on my breasts if you want - but not inside me."
He groaned at the late delivery of her unanticipated request, since he was already very close to his climax. With a few more thrusts, he seemed to jerk his body backwards, to disengage his cock unwillingly from her womanhood. He moved hurriedly round the side of the footstool clutching his engorged penis, to stand facing his wife and me over her compliant body. He resumed his ascent to his climax, masturbating his cock whilst he drank in the glorious sight of his stepdaughter's trim but busty body before him. His cries quickly changed to a continuous, increasingly loud "ohhhhhhh," as his climax hit him and he directed streams of spunk up her front from her belly to her breasts and chin. His stream seemed to last for an eternity as I watched it in mesmerised horror. I had never imagined that I would want to watch another man get satisfaction; and it would take much mental processing for me to come to terms with that first experience.
Then my mind cleared, with realisation that Sylvia's cervix remained primed for my own ejaculation - a culmination of hours of my pent-up desire. A new mix of fears arose within me. Had my body recovered from my earlier unplanned tryst with Rita in the downstairs shower room? What if I managed to bring Sylvia to a climax but not have one myself? What if the febrile atmosphere in that room caused me to climax too soon despite already once shooting my bolt, before Sylvia managed her own? How would any of those alternative scenarios look?
Sebastian looked at his wife to check her reaction to his plundering of his stepdaughter's love channel. Ruby looked flustered, though whether that was with arousal or surprise at the outcome was not clear. Perhaps they had not discussed it after all? Perhaps she was mentally running through her daughter's reasons for refusing his sperm inside her?
He meekly picked up the remote and stopped the DVD.
Sylvia lay for a while, staring sideways at me and stroking her belly. The she stood up and announced that she was going to clean off. Her face was flushed and she looked excited.
Whilst she was away, I sat on a sofa whilst the two MILFs remained kneeling against the footstools, with Sebastian sandwiched between them. He stroked both their bottoms, leaning back from time to time to admire their butts at close quarters. Both ladies seemed entirely comfortable with his hand and voyeuristic exploration of their butts.
When Sylvia returned, she proposed, "Can we look at the next disc now?" She was clearly still close to the boil and lusting for more stimulation. Perhaps she had not yet orgasmed.
She was expecting no to watch the premiere showing of her epic horse ride, in company with her closest family and friends.
And so the weird, stop-start events of that strange evening continued.
Chapter 29. Great Unexpectations
Sebastian loaded the next DVD. Ruby had refreshed our drinks, not that we needed any more priming. We had so far enjoyed Sylvia's belly dance performance and its aftermath. Her 'main feature' (coming soon to a screen near you?) was yet to be shown, and she was content to share its intimacy with us all.
I sat back alone on a sofa, with some trepidation at how my edited version would be received by this unsuspecting audience. It would be interesting to watch their reactions in front of me.
But as it began, Ruby came and sat beside me again. What did that signify? Sebastian looked confused by her choice of seat, despite having just fucked his stepdaughter. He took Sylvia's hand and moved to the other sofa.
Whether or not Rita felt the odd one out, she elected to continue kneeling the floor at the footstool just in front of me, resting her elbows on it. When Ruby saw me staring at Tita's luscious butt cheeks, Ruby grasped my cock to test its rigidity. Oh, to be a mind reader at those moments.
Sylvia obviously wanted the video to tell the whole story to her parents of her means of release from her mental restraints. This was to continue to be her story, or so she thought.
Sebastian hit play. My extensive editing had interspersed captures of recordings of images on a television screen, with 'live' action. It was clear that some of the events taking place were while watching a television. I had labelled the disk obliquely, 'Screenwatch'. I had edited the intro into short sequences, to move along the action and avoid a premature climax. That was reserved for the third DVD.
The video began with Sylvia appearing on my television screen at home, nakedly mounting her mare, Marshi. Prominent in the shot was the dildo pointing skywards from the centre of the saddle. She sat behind it with it pointing upwards towards her belly.
She turned to cast me a confused, quizzical look. This was not what she had been expecting the video to be about.
"Ohmigod!" exclaimed an unsuspecting Sebastian, "What's this?" He had not been suspecting any naked horseback action at all, let alone one featuring a dildo springing up from the centre of a saddle. His voice sounded shocked, but he then leant forwards on the sofa as if eager to get closer to the action.
I gave Sylvia a noncommittal shrug. She turned back to watch the screen.
After a minute or so of 'scene-setting', the screen view zoomed out to show the television in its physical context - my living room, and Rita sitting with me on my long sofa. She was fully dressed in a shapeless smock.
Only Sylvia and Rita had ever been in that room. It would be a mystery to Ruby and Sebastian, even to who was filming, although they might suspect that it was me. The gap on screen between Rita and the camera looked as if she and the camera operator were disengaged from each other, as would be appropriate for a confirmed lesbian and a male.
"You've already showed Sylvia's ride to Rita?" The question came not from Sylvia, but from Ruby. Her tone was of astonishment. She might have assumed that I would give her that honour.
Both mother and daughter were staring in confusion at me. Sebastian looked stunned at his wife's prior knowledge of the recording, which she had never mentioned to him. Rita simply wiggled her naked bottom with delight at her sudden prominence in proceedings.
Sebastian was astonished at seeing his stepdaughter naked on a horse with a saddle encasing a dildo. Naked horse riding was a rare subject for videos in those days, but with the added prospect of a dildo to mount later, it propelled the subject into the realms of extreme '80s porn.
Sylvia sat transfixed, with a nonplussed look on her face. This movie within a movie was not what she had been expecting.
The scene switched between Rita's face in my lounge, viewed from a distance, and Sylvia on the TV screen riding naked on the saddle behind the dildo. I had edited it deliberately to lessen the immediacy impact of Sylvia's ride on the viewer. I was building towards something even more spectacular.
When the moment came for Sylvia to lift her bottom sufficiently to lower her vulva onto the dildo for the first time, the recording switched to an aroused Rita standing up as she stared at the TV screen, and removing her loose smock top. Her body underneath had been encased in a matching black shiny top and yoga pants that clung to every contour of her curvaceously MILF shape. The sunlight from the lounge window lit her body on screen from the side and cast shadows that enhanced the eroticism of her shape within that outfit. Her body looked spectacular.
Rita looked at Sebastian. "What do you think of that Sebby?"
He kept silent. He did not want to be distracted from his viewing of the scene.
Ruby then spotted the detail on the yoga pants. She exclaimed, "Ohmigod!" followed up by, "and you've got a cutaway crotch, Rita, you slut!"
At the time of first seeing her in that costume It had taken me many minutes to spot that detail in the flesh, and its inference for Rita being in my lounge.
Ruby was smiling at her friend. "I take my hat off to you Rita, for an inspired move. You can be a sexy cunt when you try."
I had edited the shot to zoom in sufficiently to show Rita's naked crotch without too much loss of definition. When the scene resumed to the distant shot, a part of my clothed body could be seen in the foreground.
Both Ruby and Sylvia thought that extremely amusing, having noticed the detail.
Sylvia voiced their shared thought. "His bulge is missing. He hasn't noticed her state of partial undress yet."
Sebastian was entranced by the story unfolding on screen, of Rita and me watching Sylvia seated on the dildo saddle; then Rita energetically frigging her pussy whilst kneeling over a footstool in my living room. The camera perfectly caught her body freezing when she felt my fingers slip between her upper thighs. The expression on her face when she turned to look at me and the camera lens was one of astonishment, but not anger. Only when the camera panned downwards was my, by then, total nudity and sexual arousal apparent.
Sylvia gasped at that, then gasped again when the on-screen Rita pulled off her top, causing her voluminous breasts to spill out, like two bountiful bags of mammarial delight. The camera faithfully followed the now naked Rita's half-naked vocal direction to me to move in front of the footrest and lie on my back with my head to the camera. That was when I put the digicam down near the television to record how events continued to unfold in the room.
The scene interspersed more frequently now between the 'live' action of Sylvia trotting on horseback with the dildo high up inside her vagina, showing her elation as the monstrosity excited her nether regions and aroused her, and Rita riding my cock with naked abandonment to the accompaniment of the television screen playback. There were frequent gasps from the members of the Willcocks family at this developing sex action.
I had enhanced the sound at that point to pick up Rita's refusal to let me come in her vagina, then proceed to lean back enough to relocate my knob at the entrance to her anus. Again, I zoomed in the recorded image for a moderate close-up of my cock in her arse with an unrestricted view of her vulva above, and her labial flaps quivering under her exertions.
The other three in the audience were uttering astonished comments at this. Sylvia exclaimed in awe, "That's illegal! You can't show buggery. Oh, Rita, it's so sexy!"
Sebastian was intrigued. He spoke softly to Ruby, "Look at how lovely her cunt looks above that cock in her arse. Would you have the courage to do that?"
Sylvia and Ruby were now alongside Sebastian and Rita on their knees at the footstools, bringing their heads closer to the action. Four pairs of hips were pressed together in a line touching, in some form of group physical camaraderie.
They saw me on screen lying naked on my back on my lounge carpet, looking over my head at the stationery camera. I looked agitated, though whether with concern at Rita's taking me into her anus or its consequent effect on my loins was not clear. I felt obliged now to explain.
"I didn't expect any of that, but when you forced me inside your butt, Rita, I couldn't resist being excited by it. I gave me an unrestricted close-up view of your lovely pussy as your ass fucked me. It was a voyeur's dream. I was checking that the camera was still working."
The camera sound faithfully recorded the impact it was having on Rita as she cried out at the strength of her climax.
There were sighs of appreciation from my audience as the movie-within-the-movie Rita left the room, holding a hand to her bottom.
Sebastian was stroking Sylvia's bottom again in front of me.
Ruby was curious. "Rita, did Simon's cock in your bottom really give you that orgasm?"
Rita chuckled. "Not entirely. I was already roused by the occasion. I dressed provocatively on purpose, on the off-chance that being there in his house would arouse me, and him. What Sylvia had told me about Simon had excited my interest. It was his naked body and his frigging my clit with his fingers that sent me over the edge. But I still had reservations then about allowing a cock in my vagina, despite his earlier, uninvited intrusion doggy style. I didn't want sperm near my cervix."
Sebastian paused the recording to follow the ladies' discussion. That particular movie was not yet concluded. I knew what was coming next and I slid onto my knees to force a space beside Ruby. All five of us were now kneeling and leaning on the footstool in a naked row.
It was still the same day. The shower room scene with Rita began.
I sensed Sylvia staring at me. She smiled when I caught her eye, then wiggled her hips to show that she was enjoying Sebastian's continued attentions. I smiled back, and slid two fingers between Ruby's butt cheeks, into her sodden womanhood.
Ruby let out an unrestrained cry of excitement, which was only partly drowned by the echoing sound on the video from the bathroom tiled walls.
I had set the digicam to record through the mirror opposite the shower area. That gave more depth to the field of the recording. The bathroom tiling enhanced the clarity of our dialogue as I explored Rita's gorgeously sexy body more closely.
Rita's dialogue was crystal clear as she talked about Sylvia's problems with orgasms, and about her bisexuality.
Sylvia muttered ironically to the viewing audience, "Thank you Rita for sharing my intimate problems with the world on screen."
But she bucked up when Rita expressed a wish on camera to be treated as an equal. "So you're my kind of woman after all," she muttered.
Sebastian contented himself with a compliment. "Your body looks even sexier when wet, Rita. It's giving me ideas for future parties."
Meanwhile, the shower finished, Rita was agreeing to having vaginal sex with me upstairs on my bed, looking suspiciously at the camera. I suspect she might have been thinking then that it would destroy her reputation somewhat as a lately confirmed lesbian.
That was certainly the case now with her friends, this Boxing Day evening. It brought the second video to an end.
Sebastian leapt up excitedly to put in the third DVD.
"This is brilliant stuff. You aren't sparing anyone's blushes. Is there anything else I should be warned about?"
He didn't appear in the least upset by what he'd seen so far. It remained to be seen whether he would stay that way. Sylvia remained confused by the heavily edited scenes of her on horseback so far.

~*~*~

The third disk was my pièce de resistance. I had edited it several times and in several different ways. I had by then got my storytelling down to a fine art.
Sebastian read the third disk label. "Hoisted with One's Own Petard. Hm, a suitably obscure description. What does it mean?"
"It's from Hamlet," I explained. "Only in this case, Sylvia's petard, or bomb - the dildo - was intended for the purpose."
Sylvia wasn't impressed. "Hoisted by your own literary confusion."
I knew what was coming from the video. Sylvia hoped she did as well. Ruby was casting me nervous glances. Sebastian was oblivious to the implications of my story telling and was simply prepared to enjoy it. Rita was in her element, enjoying a rare sexy evening with her friends and finding her voyeuristic tendencies being well rewarded.
My editing was even pacier this time, to add to the drama and suspense of the action. It began graphically, showing Sylvia's naked body on the horse, with several closeups as she prepared herself to shift from sitting on the saddle behind the dildo, to mounting the obscene protuberance. There was tension now, as the momentous occasion was about to be crowned with a first in so many ways. A digicam microphone perfectly picked up her initial nervous gasps as her groin hovered above the silicone monstrosity then sank down to consume it within her lady part. Her initial gasps gave way lyrically to sighs of relief, then excitement, as her body responded to the relentless auto stimulation of dildo as Marshi moved off at a sedate pace.
Sebastian and Ruby gasped simultaneously at seeing the intimate action so close-up and in such vivid detail. Then Sebastian made a puzzled sound, and Ruby gasped. The scene had changed. Sylvia knew her own body, and realised that the flesh now displayed on screen was no longer hers.
She gave me a confused stare, then glared at Rita accusingly. But the truth was unexpected as the camera began slowly to pan out. It was not Rita's body.
I had intercut repeated shots of pussies rearing up as legs were slung over Marshi's to an upbeat backing track. It was an incredibly arousing compilation to watch, even for me, who'd seen it many times before. The background music complemented the scenes enough to enhance the sexy close-up images.
The scene panned out to record Sylvia's crotch descending on the dildo, intercut with another, tanned pussy doing the same at almost identical camera angles.
Sylvia exclaimed, "Who? What? When?"
Ruby took a deep breath, preparing for herself to be incriminated. Rita knew, or suspected that it would happen, because she had told Ruby about the saddle and where it had been left. Perhaps they had even discussed Ruby attempting to ride it, before Ruby asked me instead.
Suddenly the women were speaking across each other, all at once.
Sylvia, to Rita : "You didn't do as I asked! I told you to destroy it."
Then, to her mother : "You stole my idea. Momma! It was my therapy, for me!."
Ruby was accusing me : "You didn't tell me you were going to show this!"
Rita was justifying herself to Sylvia : "I had to ask Ruby permission to collect the saddle. There were questions. What did you expect would happen once it was discovered?"
It was a cacophony of noise, that persisted until a booming voice froze all three of them.
"What the devil's been going on?"
Sebastian paused the video and glared at the three women either side of him. Then he turned to stare at me. "Simon, can you explain?"
I sighed, knowing this moment would come at some point. It was part of the theatre of the occasion.
"Sylvia asked Rita to incorporate a dildo into a saddle as a last desperate attempt to trigger an orgasm. Ruby found out about it when Rita came to collect and dispose of the saddle, as requested by Sylvia. Ruby then asked me to film her riding it, as a means of showing common cause with her daughter. I edited the two episodes like this to show the similarities, in the hope that they would both be reconciled. I'm sorry now that I didn't warn anybody of what I was doing.
"Ruby only wanted my help filming her. We didn't have sex. Neither woman wanted it after such a physically taxing ride. Ruby told me that she was waiting for the right moment to tell you, Sebastian. This would, er... appear to be that moment."
Ruby was annoyed. "You didn't tell me in advance that you were going to show this."
I tried to look apologetic. "I'm so sorry Ruby, but you've just watched your husband fuck your daughter. Isn't it a bit late for secrecy? Your ride showed just how beautiful and sexy your body is, and it will show how expressive you were during the experience? Isn't that something worth sharing with your intimate friends?"
Ruby held my gaze for several seconds. Her eyes dropped to my stiff, thick cock. She inhaled deeply, before nodding and declaring, "Let's see it all, then."
Sebastian pressed Play.
The scene had cut back to a longer shot of Ruby preparing to mount the horse, displaying first her a full shot of her stunning body then her moist cunt as the camera closed back in.
A montage of rapid, intercut short sequences followed, comparing explicit shots of mother and daughter's bodies doing essentially the same thing on each occasion. Slow zooms in to their impressive breasts showed how captivating they were in that context, despite their differences in size. Both their bodies looked utterly stunning and arousing.
My cock stiffened again, and my heart pounded, not for the first time that day, as I watched the footage for the umpteenth time. I resumed my foreplay and exploration of Ruby's body beside me. But she had other ideas. Borrowing from Rita's inspiration of that previous occasion, she stood up and took my hand.
Whilst the movie continued, she emulated Rita's move from the first disk and led me round to the open area in front of the footstools. She gestured for me to lie down with my head away from the screen.
Whilst the others watched, she mounted my thighs and took my cock into her mouth, as far as it would go, whilst snatching glances at the screen. Her body towering over me hid the others' reaction from me. But I heard Sebastian's throaty growl of approval. I knew for certain then that they must frequently swap partners with others, and were accustomed to watching each other with third parties.
He got up to come and kneel beside us so that he could watch us and the screen at the same time. Sylvia followed him. Rita came to the other side of us.
Sebastian's nude maleness still made me uncomfortable, but only for a few moments, until Ruby made me forget all else but her superb body, orchestrating her pleasure on top of me. She sat upright, pushing her torso up by her palms on my chest. Her gorgeous light brown pussy lips hovered and trembled just above the tip of my vertical cock. My insides were going crazy with surges of excitement just from looking up at her exquisite breasts and her beautiful face. Then she sank herself down with deliberate slowness to encompass my cock within her channel of motherhood.
The startling thought struck me that Sylvia had once emerged from that very small and arousing gash. Ruby leant forward as she began to pump my manhood. Her breasts bounced gently but mesmerizingly just above my face. Her face bore a beatific smile. It was as if the setting and our act were pure and natural love-making. We were both lost in our own world for a time as our bodies focused on the sensations emanating from our copulation.
I knew than that this was the climax to her evening that she had been planning. She had managed to keep me guessing throughout the day, which had made my desire for her all the stronger.
Then she quickened the pace of her thrustings as her body responded, true to type, with a rapid ascent towards her climax. It was as if the action had suddenly speeded up, and reality was intruding on developments on the screen behind my head, which I could hear as disembodied gasps.
I wanted to shout out my elation at this moment of perfect sexual communion. The sounds from behind me told me that the screen was showing Sylvia's face in the throes of her momentous, horseback orgasm. Then Ruby's more mature voice expressed her much quicker, stronger climax in similar vein.
This Ruby in the room atop my cock was going through the same emotions, but her cries were less relief at reaping the fruits of her exertions on horseback, and more of ultimate triumph at her conquest of my cock.
I knew then that I must give Ruby the ride of her life, but reserve my own personal Everest for Sylvia. I had to fight to keep my self-control because Ruby's special body was doing things for my libido that I suspected might never be replicated. I had waited for this moment since our first meeting and that naked ride together.
I tried to calm my pounding heart, and to think down my rising sap, whilst lifting my hips to maximise Ruby's pleasure. I wanted to reward her with multiple highs, to persuade her to come back to me fr more and more.
Keeping control was a great struggle with only her stunning upper body to focus on. She rode me with an increasing frenzy of physical abandonment. Her cries as her body began its inexorable rise towards her first climax competed with the noises on the TV surround sound system. This was to be her second of the day, but her body erupted as if she had been starved for weeks.
When her orgasm broke, she threw back her head and arched her back. I struggled to prevent myself coming as well, as I stared at her magnificent chest and engorged nipples pointing skywards. She appeared to stop breathing for several seconds as her initial orgasm struck, before her body came back to life again and she resumed her milking of my erection for further orgasms. She seemed to be riding a perpetual high for many moments, before her gasps gradually diminished and her bouncing slowed.
Her movements subsided, and her torso collapsed, prostrate onto my chest. I caressed her back in a state of high sexual excitement, then groped her tight bottom cheeks, to try and memorise that feeling.
I waited for her to roll off me and onto the carpet.
Onscreen both she and Sylvia were nakedly talking to camera, volunteering their post-climax reactions to their rides of a lifetime.
Sebastian hit the remote to stop the DVD and we variously lay or knelt in silence for several seconds.

~*~*~