After Eleanor went through the humiliating experience in front of all her classmates they all became real good friends. All of them studied together throughout the semester. Eleanor kept on replaying that day in her mind when she is alone and she ends up playing with herself to orgasm. She really was humiliated but very turned on by the experience. The entire group kept on telling her how great she looked with her clothes off. She just thought they were saying that to have her undress again for them. Eleanor will not do that again. She has been studying so she could pass without having to do that for extra credit.
Eleanor could not get that day out of her mind. She could no longer help herself. She had to do something to have herself examined again. It came in the form of an ad posted on the bulletin board in the dorm some producer of medical films needed models for exams that will be filmed and they are paying a thousand dollars apiece for the films. Eleanor called the number on the card. They told her to come to their office the next day. It was not far from the campus only a 2-minute walk. Eleanor told them that she could be there at 2 pm. They said ok.
After class she walked to the address given it was a converted house. She went to the door and walked in. There was a girl in her early 20s at the reception desk. Eleanor gave the girl her name. She disappeared through a door marked no admittance. In a few minutes she returned with a gentleman about 40 years old who introduced himself as Doctor Sanford. He is doing some work on female sexuality and is looking for models to help him. Eleanor said she thought it was for videos of exams. He said it was but checking the sexual organs also. The Doctor wanted to know if she was still interested. She said yes. He asked her to come in the back with him to continue the conversation.
The Doctor had Eleanor follow him. They went through the door marked no admittance. Inside was a studio with lights and monitors. In one corner of the studio there was a set that looked like a doctors exam room cut away so the cameras can be set up. It had an exam table with stirrups on it. This made Eleanor turn red but she could feel her vagina get moist. The Doctor brought her to an office in the back of the studio. It had another exam table in it to one side.
We are looking for ladies that are willing to be examined over the next year. Each time they will get a thousand dollars plus a percentage of the sales of the videos. Are you interested in it. Eleanor figured she could use the money as she is just getting by even with the scholarship she has. She said yes. The doctor got up and gives her some papers to read and sign. They were a models release along with a paper to put her medical history on.
He then asked her to undress completely to see if he could use her in the videos. She was taken back by this, but she could feel the humiliation coming to her face in the form of blushing and that made her vagina moist she liked that feeling. She undressed for him. He had her get on the exam table. He had her put her feet in the stirrups and spread wide so he could see the interior of her vagina. This embarrassed her but it made her more excited. For the next hour he looked in all her cavities. He had her open her vagina with her figures so he could take pictures of her. He had her rub her nipples. She finally told him she had to cum or go crazy. He said he could help her if she didn't mind. She was in no shape to mind now she just wanted to cum. The doctor rubbed her clit 10 times and she climaxed with a vengeance it was many minutes before she came down for her orgasm high.
She got off the table almost falling over her legs were like rubber that Doctor had to hold her up for a while when she finally composed herself the Doctor showed her around the studio. He did not tell her to get dressed and she didn't ask if she should she just followed him out there. In the studio were a few technicians working on equipment. The Doctor introduced Eleanor to them. They did not seem to notice she was naked and she did not feel out of place being naked here. She liked it. The Doctor was taking this all in how comfortable she was being naked here. He asked if he could check her vagina again. She said ok and went to the exam table in the studio. Eleanor put her feet in the stirrups and slid down so he had a good view of her vagina. He checked her she was very wet. The Doctor told her she had the job if she wanted it. They stayed and talked for another two hours many people came through the doctor's office and Eleanor did not bother to get dressed until she was ready to leave.
Eleanor went home and could not believe what she had just done. She had totally humiliated herself at the doctor's office and enjoyed it. Hopefully she will not meet any of the technicians on the street. She will not even be able to look at them without embarrassment. Now she does not know if she wants to go through with it. Her vagina was telling her otherwise every time she thought of the day before she would get very moist she had to bring a change of panties with her to school the next day. She was in a constant state of arousal.
After classes she returned home to start studying. She checked her message and there was one from Dr Sanford's office asking her to call so they can schedule her between her classes. She got excited and embarrassed at the same time. Her vagina got like a swamp and her face felt hot with embarrassment. She picked up the phone and dialed the number. The receptionist answered and in a strained voice Eleanor asked for Dr Sanford. The Doctor got on the line and Eleanor gave him her schedule of classes. He wrote them down and told Eleanor to come into his office tomorrow after class and Saturday for the day. Eleanor Thanked him and she hung up. With shaking hands she put the times on the calendar she was to model.
Noontime did not seem to want to come today. Eleanor would be done at that time with class. She wanted to be done with class to get to Dr. Sanford's office to start her modeling job. In what seemed like two days the classes for the day was finally over. She left the building and walked the 3 blocks to the Doctors office. Eleanor walked in and was greeted by the same receptionist. She escorted Eleanor into the back studio.
The girl introduced herself as Tara she was not only the receptionist but also the hairdresser and makeup artist for the models. She told Eleanor to undress so she could start her makeup. Eleanor took off her street clothes and left on her bra and panties. Tara brought her to a room that had makeup mirror and hairdresser chair in it. She had Eleanor get into the hairdressers chair and started doing Eleanor's hair. Within a half hour Tara had Eleanor's hair done. Then she had her follow her to another room it had a different type of chair for Eleanor to sit in. Tara told Eleanor before she sits down to remove her panties as she is going to trim Eleanor's pubic hair. That is what this chair is for. Tara Trimmed then shaved Eleanor. She was getting so turned on by Tara specialty when Tara pulled on the lips of her vagina to shave her and running the shaver over her clit. After she was finished shaving Eleanor Tara had her get up and remove her bra to do a complete body makeup job on her.
Eleanor liked the way Tara put makeup on her nipples when she touched them Eleanor's nipple got hard. They were like large erasures. Tara told Eleanor it was better that she didn't get dressed as it would smug her body makeup. Eleanor walked around the studio looking at all the equipment while nude, the cameramen said hello to her not even giving her a second look. The camera and sound crews were working on the equipment throughout the studio. One camera crew asked Eleanor to stand in the center of the stage as to get the lighting right. The sound crew had her talk to them. She could not believe how excited she was yet how humiliated and embarrassed she would be if she met these people on the street. The wardrobe girl came to get Eleanor, so they could dress her for the scene. She was given a dress and blouse; she put on her own bra and panties. They were ready to start filming.
They walked out onto the set. She was surprised to see at least 10 people there on the set with the film crew. After she got over her initial shyness the director called roll them and they had Eleanor walk though a door and into what looked like a doctor's reception area. She went to the desk were the receptionist was and was given papers. Eleanor pretended to fill them out, and then gave them to the receptionist. Eleanor's name was called immediately. She was lead into an exam area it was cut away, so they could film this. The receptionist told her to remove all her clothes and the doctor will be with her in a few minutes. The cameras kept on rolling as she undressed. This was humiliating her having to undress and the humiliation was turning her on. She got on the exam table completely nude. Eleanor could feel herself becoming wet. This embarrassed her.
She put her feet in the stirrups and spread her legs for the camera. The camera man moved right in between her legs getting an extreme close up of her vaginal area. The camera picked up the moisture between her legs. The Doctor walked into the room and the camera man panned over to him. Following the doctor he started to give Eleanor a breast exam, and then had her spread her legs as wide as possible to start the vaginal exam. He took his time visually and manually examining her outer lips. She was becoming a virtual waterfall of moisture so much moisture that it was running down between her legs and forming a very large wet spot on the exam table.