2011
Barrica, Spain
I watched Oscar open the door to his condo and noticed his giant grin that wasn't there moments before. We had been friends for many years; he was a short man in his forties with wild untamed dark hair and skin the colour of beach sand.
I was in Spain for a conference where I ran into him. He absolutely insisted that I stay with him and his wife while his children were out of town.
"Follow me!" He declared showing me about his spacious condo, "Let me show you how I live."
I wanted to sit and have a glass of water; aside from the effects of jet lag on me, I actually wanted to do a hike. I had never been to Spain before and I wanted to explore it! Oscar's cheery demeanor as he opened doors and told stories however had me smiling and forgetting my worries, which at this point were legion.
"Come to my room," my friend declared leading me, "I want to show you a turquoise piece of jewellery I bought in a Kabul market."
I tried to stop dead in my tracks, if he didn't have a grip on my wrist I might have turned and ran. Long ago I swore I'd never to go near blue jewellery again!
"It has to be somewhere." He said pulling me through his bedroom. "Perhaps in the bathroom."
I understand that some folks would be uncomfortable being lead through a home in such a manner, however as I said Oscar and I had been friends for years, I knew he wasn't leading me astray, or at least I hoped.
Glancing about I did see that his bedroom wasn't as tidy as the rest of his home, there were gold coloured clothes on the bed and gold high heels nearby. His hand held me tighter; I could feel sweat forming on his palm.
"Sí, sí," He declared as if he remembered. "I left it by my shaving mirror."
"Maybe I'll wait here for you..." I tried to say as he pulled me into his bathroom.
Oscar pushed open the door and dragged me with him. Inside the room I did eventually see a nice non-magical turquoise brooch; what however caught my attention was his naked wife!
"Ualaaaaa!" She screamed as if the Umayyad's had returned. She was completely nude in front of us, her towel was on the counter nearby. "Ostras!!!"
Her skin like Oscar was a very light brown, and her nipples a very dark brown. Her body was slim and taught, you could tell she worked hard to look good.
Her light brown hair was wet and loose, it looked to be about shoulder length.
"I am so sorry." I said trying to leave; her husband however wouldn't let me go!
I brought my free hand up to cover my eyes, then regretted it instantly! I hadn't seen a fully nude woman in so long that I was hard! Very hard! So hard I feared that tent in my drawers was visible!
"¡Fuera!" She roared loud enough to make Hannibal himself blush.
"Venga Si." Oscar said meekly as he turned to lead me from the bathroom.
"Um..." I need to pack I said to my confused friend.
"Sí..." Oscar said in a defeated tone.
The last five minutes had been baffling to me, I sported a painful erection... and I didn't know why. Well I knew why, but I didn't know why Oscar led me to his naked wife. I wanted to ask him, but alas, I had somewhere to go.
I went to his living room and quickly unpacked my luggage as I packed my day bag. Oscar stood by and helped as best he could, neither of us spoke of his wife, or what happen. She quickly dressed to lurk in the shadows; with angry eyes at us.
"I am so sorry señora" I said to the fiery mad woman. She huffed in disgust.
"Where will you go?" Oscar asked.
"It's called San Carlos de Barclay..." I started to say.
"The abandoned church?" Oscar interrupted. "Why there."
In the background I could see that Oscar's wife held her breath, unsure if this were a good thing or bad. She wore a gold dress with a matching gold coat overtop, it was low cut displaying the tops of her firm breasts teasing me. I could still close my eyes and see them without any clothing covering.
"I have many friends from an island named for the Saint." I said my bag now packed.
"Ah yes." He said following me to the door. "Will you let me drive you?"
His wife seemed to follow us close enough to hear us speak. Her eyes seemed more full of anger than before. It seemed almost as if she feared I would defile the old holy place.
"No you go back to the conference, I will take a cab and be back for lunch." I said opening his door.
"As you wish. I shall see you soon my friend." He said as the door closed after us, I could see his wife's brown eyes staring at us full of fury.
"Oh take this for good luck." Oscar exclaimed jamming something into my hand.
I opened my palm to see the blue gem we invaded his wife's morning routine to find. I didn't want to be rude, but I also didn't want to keep it, much like all other blue jewellery I had encountered, it only brought bad luck.
Sometime later I was outside the city in what felt like the Wild West of America! It was arid and dry, there were even cactus! All that was missing were saloons and tumbleweeds. I was only a few kilometres away from the abandoned church; I wanted to clear my head before with a relaxing walk before entering.
From what I had heard of the Church, it was a place of pilgrimage up until the Spanish Civil war when it was used by one of the factions as a hold-out. After that it remained unoccupied.
I could already feel the walk refreshing me, literally the day before I was working in the Multi-National Head Quarters in Afghanistan. Days before that I was on a combat patrol; re-adjusting to a non-conflict zone took time.
I looked over and saw a shepherd with similar clothes to me; khaki shorts with a khaki shirt.
"He doesn't have to worry about camel spiders." I said to myself out loud laughing.
My mind wandered off as I continued to walk, I thought about Oscar's wife. Her body was so tight! I doubt she could run a marathon with me, but I had no doubt she could cycle one.
I mused about her firm breasts with their dark nipples; my penis started getting hard as it did before... she was beautiful! Too beautiful! I would need to find a hotel; staying there was mistake. If I stayed there the night more mistakes would surely follow.
A glint off in the distance had me spooked! I was on the ground and rolling away in the standard anti-sniper maneuver.
"Sniper! Sniper! Sniper!" I yelled rolling in the sand.
"Someone get some Whiskey Papa up on that hill!" I roared out as I took cover behind a large rock.
"Kanker!" I swore as I rolled, I didn't want to face a sniper again!
Safely behind cover I finally realized I was in Spain... and not Afghanistan! That glint was certainly a pair of binos, a pair that belonged to a bird watcher and not a gunman.
Laughing, I stood to dust myself off. I wondered if the shepherd had seen me and was chuckling at my silliness.
Looking over in his direction I intended to wave and say I was alright, instead what I saw shocked me! Three men were approaching him rapidly with angry looks on their faces far fiery than Oscars wife!
Instinct kicked in as I ran towards the unfolding melee! In hindsight I should have dialed the police, but it was too late for that.
"Hey!" I shouted at the four men in English. "Stop!"
No one looked at me. I decided to try something else.
"Stop-o!" I yelled, followed by, "Arret-o!"
I hoped that something I said was Spanish. The men looked at me with confusion in their eyes.
"Два?" One of them said, it sounded like dvah to me.
The three attackers looked at each other before wordlessly deciding that I was fresh meat. The poor shepherd was on the ground pleading for mercy.
All I could smell was cheap cigarettes and vodka as I tried to verbally chase them off. On a hill a way off I could see a blonde haired woman dressed in blue waving a pair of binoculars and shouting.
"Don't worry ma'am." I said waving back. "I got this."
The leader of the trio looked at the lady, then took a drag off his cigarette before motioning to his comrades to them get me. A tall muscular bald man ran at me, I easily tossed him to the ground then did the same to the black haired man with blue eyes.
Their leader puffed on his smoke as he picked the shepherd's pockets. I debated kicking him in the head, but his friends were back on their feet!
I took another step back then yelped as I fell on my ass, I then squealed as a sharp pain started at my ankle then shot up my leg! I had twisted my ankle!!!
The bald one leapt at me once I hit the ground! Instead of trying to punch me, he let his weight pancake me to the ground!
The other two rushed at me! I struggled to no avail! They cleaned out my pockets, then grabbing my day pack they ran off!
Sitting dumbfounded I dreaded how bad my new injury was. I also wondered why my attackers ran off so quickly until I looked over at the shepherd to find a pistol pointed at my face!
"¡Policía! ¡Manos arriba!" The policeman barked angrily, I could only sigh in reply.
Later I found myself in the last place I wanted to be... on Oscar's couch with his wife sitting next to me.
"Has sido, tan valiente..." She said stroking my cheek and looking into my eyes with less hatred then earlier in the day.
She still wore her gold outfit, leaving me struggling to meet her eyes. She however now didn't seem to mind presence now.
"¿Cómo estás? How is your ankle?" She asked running a hand up my leg.
Goosebumps fired up my body! I inhaled deeply as I squirmed under her touch; all I could smell was her perfume, my senses were overwhelmed! My penis could no longer remain asleep.
"I... uh... feel ok..." I said dumbly as she leaned in closer, her hand now pressed down on my hip.
"Sí..." She said her face so close to mine that I felt her warm exhale on my lips.
"Señora..." I said our lips almost meeting. "I must use the... Baño?"
She sighed as she slowly untangled from me to rise. I felt equal parts drunk and embarrassed; she had seduced me so greatly that my face felt flush. I had not been so close to a woman in so long that my brain could not process the sensations! Had a camel spider appeared before me, I would have no defence!
No thoughts of Oscar's, or violating his sacred bond with his wife crossed my mind as I attempted to stand. His wife saw my struggles and aided me.
"Gracias." I mumbled as we walked.
Born in Rotterdam, I lived in the US for several years before joining the Dutch Army. During my time stateside I picked up some Spanish, but it was mostly limited to menu items and... maybe procuring a prostitute... none of which would be of help in this situation.
His wife lead me to their bathroom, I was certain they had more than one, but I was too sore all over that I was in no position to argue.
"Speak Spanish to me." She said in a seductive tone, I looked at her and saw a growing smile.
I thought this a marvellous idea! My penis was too hard to urinate downwards, so it would be a welcome distraction.
"Dos cervezas y quiero la morena." I said then regretted it.
"Ostras!" She declared, followed by, "jajaja!" as she laughed out loud, slapping me on the arm.
She set me up in front of the toilette then stepped back to wipe her eyes... she was still giggling. I stood in the same spot she was that very morning, however I was fully dressed and she was not. I looked at her with my palm on the wall for support wondering if she would demand I strip, or perhaps just leave and let me urinate.
"Déjame ayudarte." She said noticing me staring at her.
I didn't know what that meant, however when she stepped closer I realized it wasn't to remind me to put the seat down afterwards.
Oscar's wife leaned down to unzip my fly, then to loosen my belt. I put my weight on my injured ankle to prevent my manhood from bouncing up and slapping her in the face.
She fished out my penis which thankfully was mostly flaccid, like most women who help a man pee she had no clue, she held it too tightly and her initial aim was terrible! I tried to focus on my breathing after glancing down. I could see that I hadn't drunk enough water. I also saw that dark space between her breasts and felt weak in the knees.
"¿Cómo caminan con esto?" She teased with unknown words.
As the last drops left me, she was a kind enough of a hostess to shake my snake to get the last of it. Unlike my usual visits to the water closet she didn't stop after three shakes, she kept going!
I could hear her breathing change as she squeezed my growing member. It grew as her shakes turned to strokes. As the American's say I was a grower and not a shower, my penis grew, then grew, then grew some more to her astonishment!
Looking down I admired her well-manicured hands which were several shades lighter than my dark bronze coloured manhood.
"Ostras!" She said loudly as she tried to stroke me from nut to well above my penis head.
"You don't have any... piel ahí?" She asked stepping back.
I didn't recognize the word, it was not something I had ever wanted to order at the drive-thru taco place. I did however suspect what the word was.
Not having a response I tucked my family jewels away then adjusted my clothes. She giggled at my difficulty as she helped me back to the sofa. I breathed a sigh of relief that all that happened was a handjob.
Sitting down I heard my phone ring nearby, she handed it to me.
"Hallo?" I said into my mobile.
"Hey brah!" Called out a distant voice. "You bangin the senorita's?"
Oscar's wife sat beside me staring into my eyes, I suspected she could hear my call.
"What do you want Kurt?" I said. "I'm to sore to chat."
Kurt was an American Staff-Sergeant I worked with back at the Multi-National Head Quarters in Afghanistan.
"Well Soldaat, this is your lucky day!" He said loudly amid laughter.
"It sure doesn't feel like it." I replied bruised and reminded that I just got a handy from a friend's wife.
"The mayor of that town wants to give you an award for saving that sheep fucke!" He said. "You get to stay there until they make it happen."
I groaned, publicity was the last thing I wanted.
"We also need you press Don Oscar for more funding for White Phosphorous." Kurt said.
Oscar's wife must have heard him, she may have found my Spanish cute, but his was abhorrent.
"I'll see what I can do." I said trying to disconnect the call.
"We need it to mask our movements!" He shouted sensing my intentions.
Hanging up, I turned my phone off completely then set it down. Oscar's wife seemed to beam with anticipation, I must have sent a mixed signal.
"Why did you do it?" She asked giving me that look of seduction.
"He was defenseless, and I couldn't stand by and see him hurt." I said referring to the shepherd.
"No..." She teased, "Not him... why did you go to that Church?"
If I were uncomfortable when she helped me pee, I was more so now! Her smile said she was friendly, but those eyes, they said she was dead serious.
"I went there to pray..." I said unsure of the proper response, I could feel her fingers curling into a fist... she was unpredictable!
Her smile was a mask concealing her icy and intense gaze from her eyes. Afghanistan was easy compared to her, I had no clue what to say next so I rambled.
"Well... I am not the deep practising..." I said feeling her out, she was unblinking as she looked at me. "Catholic... not like how my mother would like..."
She did finally blink and with it, her smile switched from fake to mischievous! Her pupils grew and that hunger reappeared in her eyes, much stronger than before!
Before I could react, her lips touched mine, and her body pressed against me. Her firm Spanish breasts pushed into me.
She then fumbled with my belt and zip as I laid there dumbfounded. I was not one to stop her; like before all thoughts of her husband and my friend were gone from my mind.
"Ostras!" She exclaimed when my thick black penis flopped into view.
Her hands were immediately on it as she spoke in Spanish too rapidly for me to pick out many words. Dumbly I moaned in deep pleasure.
Time seemed to slow down for me as I prayed that I didn't cum on her hands! I am usually good for two or more rounds, but jetlag and fighting thugs had robbed me of my vitality. As an odd benefit of the slowing of time I could hear her words individually.
"¡Dios mío! Tan grande... negra y gruesa! ¡Mucho más grande y más dura que la de Oscar! Necesito probarla, sentirla!! Métemela ya!!!" She moaned softly as she pulled on my hard cock with two hands.
I heard her use the N- word several times, I knew enough Spanish that it wasn't race play.
My hands were limp at my side initially as she double jerked me, now however they were awake and alert! I touched her hips and worked my way up her body, savouring each moment.
I removed her gold coat. I planned on pulling her dress up and off, the desire to see her fully naked again burned across my body! Like a drowning man swimming to the surface, her dark nipples were my air! I wasn't going to stop until I reached my goal!
Oscar's wife had another idea, she moved back from me, my hands instinctively went to the bottom of her dress ready to lift. She however laid back on her back pulling me on top.
I did lift her dress, but only high enough to free her legs. My penis attempted on its own to push into her pussy without success.
She moaned in deep ecstasy as I dry humped her.
"Métemela ya, por favor!!!" She cried thrusting her hips upwards.
I slid a hand down to find what was causing the jam up to discover satin panties. Damp and fiery hot to the touch, I pulled them aside as I thrust forward.
"Ualaaaaa!!" She cried out loudly as I put the head in.
I wanted to go deeper, so deep that I would emerge out on the Atlantic; however caution over took passion. I was certain that unless she had a giant dildo somewhere she wasn't going to accommodate me easily.
Opening my eyes I saw her staring back at me with a mix of fear, regret and most importantly powerful anticipation. I seriously doubted she would end things at this point.
I could see that she was like me, unbreathing, and lost in the moment! Knowing the solution to this I pulled out half an inch leaving just my piss slit inside her.
She exhaled deeply and smiled. I could see she was proud to have taken so much cock so far into herself. The joke however was on her, I had another eight inches to follow it!
When I pushed in a full imperial inch, she gasped loudly. Silence followed as I held it to allow her to adjust. I could feel her vaginal muscles quivering repeatedly, if she didn't cum, I would be surprised.
As I withdrew she exhaled as she did before; emptying her lungs in anticipation of what will happen next.
I didn't leave her wondering too long as I now jammed more of my man-meat deeper. Her grunt was loud enough to stop the running of the bulls! Even if it were occurring outside their window they would turn the other way! Her noise of pleasure told me that she had fully committed to our indiscretion.
During this time she didn't blink, nor did I, we stared into one another's minds trying to meld out thoughts. I'd like to think we did just that! My thoughts were of fucking her slowly before fucking her hard! I imagine her thoughts were much similar.
Two-thirds deep, I wondered if her vagina could accept more. I could feel her nails digging into my forearms. If it were any other woman, I would have adjusted my body to avoid her claws, I however was too far into this lioness' den to consider retreat or regroup.
When I finally got all eight inches of black sausage into her I paused to let her accommodate my girth. Her nails eased up, but her grip did not. Her eyes told me that she wanted me to stay still until I came. I had no plans of doing such a thing.
Leaning down I kissed her fully on the lips. Her face was sweaty, her lips quivering, I pressed my tongue into her mouth, as I pulled my penis back.
Oscar's wife froze in place, her lips didn't move, nor did her tongue. When I pushed all of my thick cock into her she awoke kissing me with just as much passion.
I wish I could say you could hear our sweaty bodies slapping together, however we were both dressed. I grunted, she moaned, sometimes she spoke in Spanish.
Bringing my face down from hers I sought out that nipple that had been in my thoughts all day. It was darker than my own flesh all scrunched up in a tight hard nippon. I ran it across my shaved upper lip; underneath me I could feel her body shake in pleasure.
When I could no longer resist teasing myself I stuck my tongue out to explore it further. It tasted sweaty and yet fresh. She did have a shower just a few hours previously. It felt incredible in my mouth as I rolled my tongue about it.
I may sound like a black man of romance and passion, full of stamina and orgasmic power. I however was not! I hadn't kissed a woman in so long that I was just as overwhelmed as she was!
There are many tricks to lasting longer in the bedroom, like stopping for a breath, or changing positions. I however did neither.
"OH GOD!!!!" I cried out as I came unexpectedly.
Oscar's wife squeezed her eyes tightly as I assumed she came with me. I could feel her powerful legs wrap tighter about me.
When I came I could feel a massive unloading of myself into her. My sperm flowed forth violently much like the running of the bulls throughout the streets of Barrica.
She may have moaned in unison with me, it was hard to say, I was now very drained and thoroughly exhausted. Between deep inhales of breath we kissed.
Our eyes met then we laughed at the incredibleness of what had just occurred. We kissed deeply again before she pulled my head down to her chest.
I'm very certain that I had passed out, dreams of snipers in foothills danced in my head.
Clink clink
My eyes shot open as I looked about, I could have sworn I had heard a weapon being loaded!
When I came to my senses Oscar's wife was pushing me off her as she spoke swiftly Spanish. I understood not a word, but I had an idea what she was getting at.
"¡Suéltame! Mi marido está en casa!!! ¡No digas nada!" She hissed as she stood up.
I pulled up my pants and laid back down to sleep. If Oscar wanted to avenge his honour he was welcome to do so. I was much too sore to fight back and beside I had gotten laid... I was ready to face the afterlife.
"Huh..." I mused as I realized that my ankle no longer glowed in pain.
As I fell back into a slumber I saw his wife dash away towards her bedroom in a gold blur. Oscar however seemed more content to put away his shoes and coat then to verify his wife's fidelity.