"Never in a million years would I have thought my life would sink this low. You recall last night, well still technically tonight, I went out dancing right? If you remember that you also know I was drinking with my brother hiding in the shadows because I forbid him to interfere. I got stupid drunk after I was snuck into the nightclub SINdiana and fed so many drinks my head was spinning. I couldn't keep my clothes on. Thank God for horny bouncers. LOL! They let it happen. I even found out I liked women more these days. SMALL DOSES. LOL! A bunch of equally horny bitches. I literally danced naked on the dance floor and got seriously groped by dozens of guys and girls. My brother just laughed and let me make a fool of myself. I don't even know who fucked me I was so wasted. That is until Chad showed me videos on his cell of a line of guys leading into the men's room, and me bent over a bathroom sink being fucked from behind, among other assorted contortions. He recorded things until his cell went dead, then his friends recorded more. I was even being fucked while hurling my guts up from all the alcohol. Some brother I have. HE'S SOOO COOL. LOL!
I'm not sure what to believe but counting dicks I'm guessing over thirty dudes nailed me. Another ten girls licked jism off my body right on the dance floor. SOOO FUCKING EROTIC. All I remember is guys laughing at my expense and guys saying TAKE IT WHORE. Even my brother said it while filming my facial expressions. It was pretty funny, some of the faces I was making. Still, I can't believe Chad would do that too me. He sort of whored me out just like the Larabee boys. RESPECT! LOL!
Anyways, you know that adventure so let's skip ahead...
Chad took me back to Dad's house after getting me there without bothering to dress me in my tattered dress that was already ripped by me. LOL! It was laying beside me on the lawn. All I recall was I was so messed up I was clinging to Chad just to walk, more of a shuffle, little stumbling...okay Chad drug me along. LOL! His buddies dropping us off led Chad to lay me down in the front yard and sleep it off while he woke up Dad and they came back out to get me. I think Dad picked me up and carried me in the house. Anyways I was so covered in jizz from Chad's friends that Dad bitched Chad out for letting me get laid. He lied and told Dad he lost me and found me later after getting laid by a few guys. He neglected to mention just how many dudes. Probably a good thing. Fucking Chad. LOL! He never left my side for a second. He was too busy collecting cash for my pussy, my mouth, and my ass. I better get my cut Pimp. LOL!
I barely remembered Dad yelling at me. Once he realized I was barely able to hear him he took me to the restroom and made me sit in the shower. Cold water sucks, but it sure did revive me. Once aware of my surroundings Dad stepped in with me in his underwear and bathed me clean. I'm talking everywhere. I felt so violated. NOT! LOL! Weird though letting my Dad touch me there, and there. LOL! After drying me off he made me crawl to the spare bedroom on my hands and knees, then helped me into bed. Pretty sure he got off watching me on all fours wiggling away. Dad or not, he's a man. I was out cold in seconds, but woke up later on top of the covers. Shivering under a very dim light he had left on in case I needed to hurl, I realized Daddy was sitting in a chair asleep. He stayed by me just in case I needed him. Awww! I LOVE MY FATHER.
Still under the effects of all my Sex on the Beaches that I drank, I crawled from bed to go pee. Stumbling quietly, trying not to wake Dad, I found the bathroom and tinkled. Last I remembered until I woke up with my head laying on the wall beside the toilet. I peed again. LOL! Who knows how long I sat there. Finding my legs...THERE THEY ARE. LOL!...I pulled myself up and took baby steps out into the living room. Chad was still up watching TV. Leaning on the back of the couch I peered over to see him beating off. He hadn't heard or even knew I was there until I sighed. Jumping to his feet he pulled his boxers up thinking it was Dad catching him. Once he saw it was me standing there nude he...Hey! Why didn't Dad dress me? WHAT THE FUCK? LOL!
Chad asked me if I was okay. I barely even heard him in my wonderment of still being naked, as I crawled over the back of the couch and fell to the cushions. I lay there snuggling up to a small pillow. Eyelids barely open, I saw Chad whip his dick back out and stand over my face. He started jerking off and I watched numbly. I couldn't even think, but I knew what I was seeing. Yawning just as he detonated I found jizz all over my tongue. I think I passed out right then. I don't remember more than that. All I know is at the time I didn't have a care in the world. Let him. I most likely swallowed it. I love cum so no Biggy. WAIT! WE'RE TALKING ABOUT MY BROTHER HERE. LOL! Naaa! I'm good.
I was in and out quite a few times after that. Chad went to bed and I was in the living room by myself. I didn't like being left alone so I crawled from the sofa, back on my hands and knees, and made my way back to the guest room. Daddy was still in the chair snoring. What I hadn't noticed before though was that he was only wearing boxers and his dick was peeking out. Hmmm! Me so horny. LOL! Tempted to crawl into his lap I somehow just went back to bed. Even intoxicated my hormones were on overdrive. After wrestling to get comfortable, I found myself unable to keep my fingers away from my overworked pussy. I don't think my cunt could ever get enough. So...I masturbated. Somehow it slipped my mind Dad was in the room. No lie on that one. I was in my own little world at the time. I'm not even certain how loud I was moaning, I just knew that I was. Even Chad heard me he told me the next day.
Cumming all over my fingers, my adrenalin high woke me just enough to realize my Dad was awake and had watched me, from beginning to end. I remember him saying ARE YOU DONE? Shaking my head negatively, I blurred out for a second as I tried to reply, not even knowing what words to use. If I could be ashamed I would have, but at the time I just couldn't relate. WHAT AM I SAYING? LOL! SHAMELESS! I mean come on Dad saw me get fucked over the hood of his car. Why hide now, right? GONNA HURL...
I threw up over the side of the bed missing the waste basket he had sat there. He rushed to my bedside claiming the can and held my hair out of my face. BEST DADDY EVER. Yeah, I remembered that. He hadn't treated me that fatherly since I was eleven and had the stomach flu. Same tender loving Daddy. As I think about it now I realize just how much I've missed him. He and my Mom split up when I was fifteen, she took me with her and left him to raise Chad who at the time was eighteen, nineteen shortly after. He was essentially an adult. Being four years older than me Chad would have chosen Dad anyway, even if he wasn't old enough to be on his own.
Shivering up a storm after my guts came up Daddy tried to place a blanket over me. FINALLY! Now I didn't want one though so my legs kicked it off. I liked being naked, even if he was my Dad. CALL ME WHATEVER YOU WANT I'LL ACCEPT IT. I wanted him to look at my body. Maybe I am a sad excuse for a daughter, but dang it I'm the new and improved Violet Calloway. At least I like to think I'm improved. I mean come on, I'm almost a hard body these days. If Daddy were really angry over this new me he would be more forceful over my actions of late. Personally, I think he's curious of what I might do at any given moment. Almost as if wanting me to be slutty.
As I laid in bed half aware, half where am I? I felt Daddy caress my cheek and guide strands of hair from my eyes. In my stupor, I think that's what my state of mind was called, I fed on that hand, I didn't want him to stop giving me attention. If he tried removing his hand my cheek followed closely behind, until he returned it to me as if obligated to. As he did I know me, my hands were roaming all across my body. He was watching me every inch of the way. Squeezing my tits I saw a hint of stress in his expression. He was struggling with what was right and what was wrong. So was I...that is if I hadn't been drunk still. Alcohol makes me really horny. I wasn't in my right mind, all I wanted was a stiff cock inside me. Daddy who? At that moment all I saw was a man. If I knew better I might...no, I probably would still see a man. LOL!
I squirmed all over Daddy's bed. Yes I did know I was in his room. He only has a two bedroom home in the burbs. Chad had the other one. My fingers found my pussy and I played with myself in front of him, my breasts dancing in my excitement, nipples hard and saying hi. Drunk or not I knew how to masturbate. LOL! Just like Daddy knew how to watch. Whatever I was thinking at the moment all I knew was I wanted to put on a really sexy show. Ever since Daddy caught me outside my Mom's house streaking and getting fucked by neighbors I've suspected that he had more interest than he was admitting. When he took me home that day and hugged me inside, barely covering me up, I just knew he had ulterior motives. Where this all suddenly came from I'm not sure, but I just know he's attracted to me. I've always thought my Daddy was handsome so it's only fair right? Probably not. But, to me it is.
Even with blurred vision I knew Daddy was watching me very closely as I fingered my pussy, three fingers to be precise. He would tell me tomorrow that I tried for four. The moans I was making were erratic so I'm pretty certain even Chad heard me. Of course he did, Chad saw me getting laid at the nightclub too so he knows my moans first hand. Daddy decided to move to the bed and lay beside me instead of just watching. He nestled his way under my head and pulled me to his armpit for a warm cozy cuddle, not even trying to prevent my masturbation. I loved Daddy so this comfort zone worked to both of our benefits. I was not stopping my touching myself, he was not stopping his observations.
I didn't realize it at the time but the bedroom door eased open and Chad stood back watching me too. Once Daddy noticed him he didn't even tell Chad to leave. Instead Chad moved in to the other side of the bed and sat down next to me. I was coherent enough to know they were both with me but my main concern was cumming. I was sooooo horny. Being drunk like this really sets my hormones into a frenzy. As I snuggled with Daddy his free hand reached in and caressed my cheek. I felt so very loved.
Chad on his side stretched out just like we were and laid there on his right side facing me. Even he chose to touch me with his own free hand, this time my tits. I responded with a sigh of contentment. Daddy seeing Chad pinch my nipple made him grumble under his breath. I think it was because Daddy was fighting with himself over right from wrong. Watching my reaction to Chad's touch let him know I wanted it. I found my voice in that moment. I LOVE YOU DADDY. That soft sensual moment made Daddy take the risk in toying with my other nipple. The second he touched it I moaned loudly. PLAY WITH ME. I begged.
As if looking for permission Chad got the okay from Dad. Instantly Chad began sucking my nipple. My body reacted by wiggling about as I gasped with a smile on my face. It sobered me up more for certain, enough to look up at Daddy and say IT'S OKAY DADDY. That convinced him I was fully aware now of what was going on. KINDA! LOL! I was ready to cum in front of him. Better yet I just did, loudly. Convulsing from my finality I reached out for Daddy's arm and hugged it with a sense of pure joy. Chad halting his suckling on my tit felt my exhilaration. It took my saying MORRRRE with a sense of urgency for Chad to return to my breast. In staring up at my Dad I dared to say LOVE ON ME DADDY. I started this. They were going to end it. Daddy pulled away from me and stood up long enough to remove his boxers. Seeing his erection I dropped my jaw and awaited him to return to the bed. Once he did I felt him take my hand and wrap my fingers around his cock. For better or worse I was going to make my Daddy happy. BIG COCK!! FUCK YES!
Turning away from Chad by rolling to my side to better attend to my duty over Daddy's gift, Chad reached down and hiked my leg up at the knee. Going under my thighs he found my pussy and began fingering me. I grew lost in his attentions, even as I jacked off Daddy. Chad hit my pussy hard with rapid finger insertions, I came on his knuckles shortly after. Feeling alive now, I took things further, lured to Daddy's big cock and gave Daddy head. It caught him off guard I know, but his hand in my hair gently thanking me proved I was doing the right thing. Palming and squeezing his balls as I got really into the BJ, I know I grew noisy. I was passionate about my satisfaction skills. Daddy knew very well I enjoyed him. I was a slobbering messy little whore. LOL!
I wasn't totally aware that Chad had removed his own boxers, until I felt a dick teasing at my ass from behind. I know I reacted by scooting closer to my brother. Leg lifted again, Chad took my pussy, his slow penetration making me whine over Daddy's girth. Chad had a worthy cock, just not as big as Dad's. Dad wasn't telling Chad no. I'm glad he didn't. I wanted fucked. My enthusiastic tone in my moans only lit them both up. Chad began hitting my cunt hard, it fueled my desire to feed on Daddy more ferociously. Finally, Dad's pleasant tenderness faded away. Grabbing the back of my head he face fucked me, slamming my jaw down until I took all of him. I loved it. Between their aggressions I was cumming up a storm and flooding Daddy's sheets. I'm pretty sure I heard Chad say, DAD LOOK. In my restricted eyeball space all I could do was briefly glance up at Dad. What Chad was getting at in his observation was all of the white cum I was leaving over his dick. I'd be amazed if I could see it. LOL! He wasn't recording me so no go this time. Dad I know would be against any real proof of having sex with me. Protecting all involved of course. Me? Show me off. LOL! I really should look into being a Pornstar.
Chad found my backside appealing because I felt him running his palms all over me. Then came the kisses. My brother was kissing his way down my spine to my ass, then biting and sucking at my cheeks. I know I yelped a few times even with my mouth full of Dad's cock, his tenderness giving me goosebumps.
Dad held me firm until he convinced himself to shoot his load down my throat. Holding me tightly against his pubic hair I swallowed his cum. I became ravenous then, even as he let go of my head I stayed on course trying to get more milk. Squeezing his balls I heard Daddy say FUCKING LITTLE WHORE. I know I nodded. I couldn't have agreed more. I even mumbled MORE DADDY MORE. I aim to please. LOL!
Chad began slapping my ass. Each loud crack I heard and felt I flinched over Daddy's cock. Tears came out of nowhere suddenly. Dad began to realize I was crying and attempted to remove me from sucking him off. NOOOOOOOO! I refused, my nails digging into his belly. Under no circumstances did I want this to stop. Tears or not, I stormed the cock that created me so fast I gagged and thrived at the same time. He could hear my enthusiasm. Chad did too, even as he kept spanking me. I even rose my ass higher just for him to continue. Seeing my clam as he slapped me Chad dug in and licked my ass and pussy from behind. Trust you me, Daddy knew I liked what Chad was doing. My moans were energizing my desire to get Daddy off again.
FUCK SHE TASTES GOOD I heard Chad tell Daddy. Daddy replied with WHO KNEW MY KID SUCKED SUCH MEAN DICK. I nodded and mumbled I CAN DO BETTER DADDY. I think I impressed him even more. My hand jerking him as I sucked made Daddy groan FUCK THAT'S NICE VI. MAKE ME PROUD OF MY BABY GIRL. Whoa! DAMN STRAIGHT I WILL...I SWEAR. My persistence paid off and for a second time Daddy nutted in my mouth. This time however I pulled away and showed him his load on my tongue. I LOVE YOU DADDY I informed him as I shared a froth from my lips with dramatic sensuality. To my shock Daddy yanked me in to kiss me on the lips, our tongues mingling amid his jizz. WOW! Daddy likes his own cum. SO COOL.
Rock hard, Daddy rolled me over on to my back and straddled me missionary. I bulged my eyes at how big his cock felt going in deep, stretching my pussy wide. I made certain he knew the effects of his stretching me had on my mentality, my yearning gaze lured him in to battle. Dad knew how to take charge that's for sure. Makes me wonder why Mom was so stupid as to leave him. He's fucking awesome in bed. Lifting my legs over his shoulders he hovered over me and hit my cunt straight down to the bottom. HOLY SHIT! I began howling like a dog in heat each time Daddy zipped past my G-spot. FUCK ME DADDY! I loved it, there was no stopping him now.
Chad even backed off the bed to give Dad room to use me like a puppet. Dragging my ankles behind my head Daddy pulled out and fed on my pussy. His teeth biting at my clit made me crazy, his tongue digging deep inside me. DAMMIT DADDY! THIS FEELS TOO FUCKING GOOD. I cum all over his face just before he launched back up over me and pounded my cunt for what seemed like forever. All I know is...I was sober. LOL! A pretzel, but sober.
HOW'S DADDY DOING CUPCAKE? He taunted me as I whimpered at his deep devastating thrusts. One hand holding my ankles behind my ears, his other choking me. I wheezed at my airflow being cut off DON'T STOP DADDY. I CAN TAKE IT. He smirked and destroyed my brain. I was so lost in the moment that my orgasm squirted everywhere without my comprehending it. I mean I knew I was heading in that direction but DAAAAAMN! I honestly think I blacked out again. I tend to do that in high powered orgasms. Quaking in my insanity I felt Daddy release my ankles and drag me along for the ride. With his dick still inside me he rolled us over, me on top now. I was definitely unable to react outside of spasms.
GET IN THERE SON is all I heard. The next few minutes was sensing Chad moving in behind me and penetrating my ass. OHHHHH HELLLLL! That revived me. LOL! I had two dicks in me, my Dad and my Brother. What a fucked up family. LOL! Thank God I didn't have any more siblings. Yeah, we all know how that would end up don't we? LOL!
FUCK MEEEEEEEEE! I cried hard as both of them did their best to share in my holes. Daddy gripping my throat again to steady my eye contact. He wanted to watch my facial expression with two dicks terrorizing my nerves. I gave him a damn good idea. Yelping, moaning, screaming, begging, yearning...shall I go on? LOL! I think not! Especially considering that thinking is hard to do during this. Hang in there people...gonna cum again. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! I LOVE YOU GUYS.
Chad who had my hair clenched in his fist, nutted in my ass seconds after I started shaking again. Daddy kept my head locked in his hands, draining me emotionally my tears returned. YOU ALRIGHT CUPCAKE? He glared torn between concern and a sneer. I replied with a straining voice DON'T STOP. They were tears of joy. He smiled then as Chad pulls out and slides away.
Daddy nodded his approval and told me I'M GONNA LET YOU GO. SIT UP AND RIDE YOUR OLE' MAN LIKE A PRINCESS. He unclasped his hands and I sat up on his dick and began my ride. At first I held my big breasts they were a little tender, but Daddy took my hands away LET THOSE BEAUTIES DANCE. I did. Even I like to see them bounce about. Tender or not I wasn't failing Dad. I bounced up and down on him hard and fast until finally he reached up and pulled me back down toward him. Surrounding my arms and upper body he crushed me against him and began thrusting up into me. GOD YES! I wish I could have seen his magnificent dick ramming my cunt. Eyes rolling back into my brain...be back later. LOL!
For the record? Chad was recording Dad at that moment. He showed me privately the next day and swore me not to let Dad know. No problem Bro just send me a copy. LOL! He captured some pretty sexy cock diving let me tell you. Even when I gushed all around him. Listening to that recording I think I rallied my cries louder than any man had ever gotten out of these luscious lungs. Daddy just...OH MY GOD! I'm definitely coaxing Daddy into more of this. He's taking my breath away.
Chad stopped recording when Dad rolled me off and took me doggy style, yanking my hair so hard I think I lost a few locks. His thumb in my ass made me crazy too. I wailed all night long I think. I bet he still kept fucking me after I blacked out. All I recall is waking up the next morning in his bed to the smell of pancakes. My entire body ached between Dad, Chad, and the 30 plus guys at the nightclub. Sitting up I found my destroyed dress on the floor and started to put it on when Dad came in to check on me. Seeing me holding the dress he walked in and snatched it away, hurling me back on to his bed forcefully. I looked up at him with shock and fear.
NO CLOTHING IN MY HOUSE he barked pointing at me, then shredding what was left of my dress right before my eyes. SOOO FUCKING SEXY OLD MAN. I dropped my jaw at his tone. FROM HERE ON WHEN YOU"RE IN MY HOME I WANT YOU NAKED. I shyly nodded and said OKAY. He then sat down next to me and yanked me close, kissing my forehead. I LOVE YOU CUPCAKE. DO YOU REMEMBER LAST NIGHT? I sighed YES DADDY, that led me to lift a bit to kiss him on the cheek. He then asked if I wanted breakfast. I said YES, followed by DADDY?
He looked at me with a puzzled look and said YES? I then crawled out from under his arm and stretched out on the bed. Lifting my legs I placed my ankles behind my head on my own then pried my pussy wide to let him view my hole. I WANT BREAKFAST IN BED.
Breakfast became lunch. LOL! Dad fucked me another two hours. He made me promise to fuck him more often. I told him it was wrong we have to stop. YEAHHHHHHH RIGHT! LOL! FUCK YES DADDY. You just got visitation rights Buddy. LOL! Now I know just how big of a slut I really am. There is no going back on this life. SLUT VIOLET IS HERE TO STAY. Well, my being a slut that is. I like my real home. LOL!
Later that day Dad dropped me back home, wearing only one of his button down shirts and kissed me goodbye. Ten minute kiss mind you. LOL! Right in front of my own house, Mom and David home. Nobody inside saw us, just a neighbor watering his lawn, the guy that fucked me over Daddy's car hood. LOL! I mooned him on the way up my sidewalk. Daddy honked. The guy whistled. HA! His wife yelled WHAT THE HELL JOHN?
HI!
At least I waved at her. Was it weird that she smiled and waved back?
"Interrrrrresting!