Chapter 16: Facial Interlude

Being the first one awake, especially on a Saturday morning, is the exception for me rather than the rule, so I had to crawl carefully out through the tangle of arms, legs, asses, breasts, bellies, and drooling mouths to ensure I didn't wake anyone else up. It also meant I had the bathroom to myself, which I have to admit I had mixed feelings about. I was grateful that I didn't have to negotiate the terms of my urination with another person, but I did miss feeling a beautiful woman's hand wrapped around my cock as she stroked my morning wood, or aiming so conscientiously while carefully squeezing and releasing the narrow neck just below the head to control the volume and shape of the stream, bending down closely to study the flow of the yellow fountain more closely than I ever had.
At least it reduced the amount of time I spent at the task, and as I returned to the bedroom I was greeted by a lovely chaotic tangle of three naked female bodies sprawled and splayed across the top of the mattress. It was hard to imagine the three of them fitting comfortably on this bed at the same time, much less having four of us sleeping there until just a few minutes before. Comfortable it must have been, though, because I had slept deeply and well, and I felt good.
My girls - I loved being able to call them my girls - really looked nice. Tethys lay on her back, arms flung out to her sides, legs flung almost as wide, her bald plump pussy as beautifully bronzed as the rest of her skin. She spent as much of her outdoor time naked as she possibly could. Her belly, flat and muscular, was framed by the arch of her rib cage and the ramparts of her hips, but her appearance was anything but bony. Her fat ratio was certainly somewhat on the low side for a woman, but it was compensated for by robust, curved muscles, the product of more than two years of regular heavy weight lifting. Yes, she had once been scrawny, but now she was simply dense, lean, and magnificently built. Her shoulder and chest muscles supported her perky, firm, petite breasts without any sign of sagging, even laying on her back, despite approaching her thirty-fourth birthday. She had a body to be proud of, and she was indeed proud of it. Her adorable, brown, round face looked angelically peaceful as she slept, open-mouthed, her breathing slow, gentle, and peaceful.
Megan slept on her right side, her left leg bent over Tethys' thigh, her left arm draped across her chest below the breasts, her face on her upper chest and shoulder, a line of drool oozing from the corner of her mouth which was nestled against Tethys' left nipple. Her skin was brown as well, but more naturally so, less bronzed and more umber. She had so recently adopted our lifestyle that I doubted being nude in the sun had made much change to her skin yet, I suspected that eventually she'd simply take on a darker shade of the same hue. Megan was almost as muscular as Tethys, and had enthusiastically embraced their thrice-weekly weight training session, but as she was still new to it, her muscularity, like her skin color, was more natural than acquired. Good genes and a generally active lifestyle had pre-adapted her naturally athletic physique, and we all knew it was just a matter of time before she would develop extraordinary strength and muscularity, while retaining her fundamentally petite build.
Hera was not the athletic type, and she approached most closely what might be considered "scrawny." But even that wasn't really accurate. A bit on the thin side, but with feminine curves and softness, she sprawled as gracefully as a sprawl can be, on her belly, her soft round ass mooning the ceiling, her pale thighs open to the breeze, her red hair splayed to the right, her head turned to the left, and her left hand wrapped in a few strands of Megan's dark tresses. Looking between her legs, I could just make out the beaded ring that adorned her clitoral hood. Her breasts were hidden from view, but I was already happily familiar with those small firm lumps capped by those pink conical nipples.
Yes, I was a lucky guy. All these women were mine. Not exclusively mine, but frequently and joyfully so. I wasn't exclusively theirs either, but my quality time with the three of them far exceeded that with any of the other wonderful female members of our tribe. These I knew the best, these I responded to the best, and while I shared them willingly, and they me, I knew that it was these three, with Tethys as the anchor, that truly made up my intimate family. Two Greek, one Hispanic, all passionate and uninhibited lovers, all made me feel loved, accepted, and desired, something that had so rarely been the case before I had met them. They were the very definition of wild and free, but being free, they always returned to me. How could I improve on that?
There was a pussy winking at me as I stood beside the bed. It belonged to Tethys, and it was facing me as I faced her. I knelt between her splayed legs and leaned close, making sure not to touch it yet. As far as I was concerned it was the most beautiful pussy in the world. I examined it as if my eyes were a drone hovering above her soft landscape. At the base of the smooth bronze hill of her mons, the clitoral hood rose gradually like a low ridge, a little darker than the surroundings. The apex of the ridge ended at the clitoral peak, only partly covered by the hood ridge, but slightly poking out above it. I knew when she was aroused how it expanded and lengthened beyond that protective flesh. The color here changed abruptly from golden brown to pink, the ridge divided into the two thin fleshy flaps of her inner labia which rose subtly above the fleshy hump that separated her muscular thighs. There was moisture on the insides of those lips, and the smooth valley that plunged downward into her hidden recesses glistened in the morning light.
I inhaled the sweet aroma of her sex. It wasn't the musky fragrance of desire, that would come soon enough, for now it was a mild, floral, almost tangy scent that invited me to explore further. Explore I did. Using just the tip of my tongue, and the gentlest, softest of touches, I came in for a momentary contact with her clit. I pulled back, and then dipped lower, following the ridges of her labial flaps, alternating left and right, barely licking, or nibbling, or kissing. Tethys didn't stir, but I could see the engorgement beginning in her flesh, her skin slightly reddened, her crotch heated up and became moister. Dewy little beads of glisten began to appear at the entrance to her dark pink tunnel, and I stared in adoration. The best pussy in the universe. So hungry, so demanding, so generous. So beautiful, so feminine, so lascivious. I extended my tongue, and dipped it into the rapidly oozing opening. I heard a quiet whimper above, a slight quiver as the nerve signals began to connect with the still-sleeping brain. Maybe I could gradually enter a delicious dream she might be having.
I slid a finger into her portal, and was rewarded with a low moan. I marveled at how the internal walls of that pussy tightened around it - a narrow finger, yet it clutched me. I imagined how much more firmly it would grasp a firm, thick aroused cock. I thought about its response to a thrusting male shaft, how it would adjust to a variety of shapes, girths, lengths, textures, and densities. Every cock that fucked her was so different, and yet she made each one feel completely at home, as if her pussy was made to accommodate it. It could grasp a cock so firmly, yet coat it with such slippery sweet nectar that its movement in and out of her felt smooth and easy.
I amazed myself, that I would be thinking with such admiration of her ability to fuck multiple men. But why not? She'd never been secretive about her polyamory. I'd known about it as long as I'd known her. When we began dating, there was one other man besides me that she was regularly fucking, Carl. Now there were six of us, and more would likely appear. I examined her pussy again as I inserted another finger. Knowing how that pussy was made to be fucked, how it needed and demanded a variety of cocks, how it stretched and squeezed and flexed differently for each one, to make each one feel it as perfection, did not make her less of a woman. It didn't make her less feminine, less desirable, less beautiful less joyful, less intelligent, or less loving. She was all these things in abundance, and whether she was fucking me, another man, or a woman, I felt privileged to be there with her, to be able to experience the expression of rapture on her face, to hear her laughter, to rejoice in those glorious orgasmic sounds. Tethys was made for sex, she was created to share her passion in the form of her body as much as her other artistic creations. Eroticism was her being, her soul. Every breath of air, every drop of water, every morsel of food, every dragonfly flitting over a pond, every song of happiness, all was sexual for her. I was part of that, and I loved her for it. Hera and Megan could invoke the Goddess, Tethyswasthe Goddess.
She moaned again as my fingers gradually increased their pace and their pressure inside her. My tongue lapped happily at her clit, dipped itself into her opening, then slid up and around her sensitive labial tissues. Her hips and thighs jerked, and she opened her eyes.
"How come you're not fucking me yet?" she demanded.
My cock was ready to go. As I had imagined the remarkable ability of her beautiful pussy to joyfully embrace and envelop such a variety of penises, bestowing her feminine blessings on each and every one, I had envisioned my own cock as being the chief of that number. Many men would fuck her, but it would be my cock that she would compare all others to. My cock, wide and flat and freakishly shaped, the one that women had once scorned and laughed at. Now when women laughed at the sight and feel of my cock, they were laughing with delight and excitement. My cock hadn't changed, but my mindset had, and the women that I chose to be with were much more to my liking.
As I plunged my cock into my lover, as she grabbed my ass to pull me in deeper, as her happy gurgles slowly woke the other women in the bed, I thought of how my life had changed in less than two years. I had almost resigned myself to a life of celibacy, assured by my previous experiences that no woman would want me sexually, that my odd-shaped cock was inherently unworthy, and that I might as well just throw myself into my work and live as a corporate drone. Then Tethys entered my life; I found myself desired, appreciated, respected. My cock wasn't so bad after all, I'd just been unfortunate enough to share it with unappreciative women. That had changed, and now I had access to no less than eight women of different ages, backgrounds, and personalities who all thought that both me and my "flight deck" were beautiful and who craved its attention. I could literally have sex now any time I wanted (except at work, of course). It had even enhanced my professional life. Rather than a corporate drone, my self-respect had influenced others around me, I had grown into a leadership position, and I was leading an important new project. And it was all because of this woman whose pussy I was now deeply embedded in, who some more narrow-minded people might consider a slut. If she was a slut, then sluts should be much more common. She had blessed my life, and in fact inspired better, happier lives for more than a dozen other men and women who now met regularly as a Tribe to celebrate our joyful sexual existence.
And of course, my laundry expenses were much decreased lately.
Hera crawled out of bed and ran to the bathroom. Tethys and I didn't miss a beat. Megan chose to pick up where she left off last night, caressing, stroking, kissing, and licking both of us, all over, as we fucked.
"You're so beautiful, you fuck so well. Taylor, your cock is made for that perfect pussy, I love how you disappear so deep into Tethys and pull out so wet and shiny."
She leaned down and lapped at my wet balls as they bounced of Tethys' padding.
"I love how your juices soak Taylor's scrotum, Tethys. It's making a lather that drips out of your cunt. It's delicious, I want it for breakfast! Maybe I'll offer it to the Goddess and she'll want to mix it with your cum when he spews in you."
I wasn't going to cum in Tethys just yet. That would wait until just before she left for Carl's, after breakfast. It was our traditional Saturday morning ritual, I would fill her cunt with my semen, she'd quickly get dressed and drive over to Carl's, who during the course of a weight lifting session, would fuck it out of her and deposit his own sperm in its place. Both of them got off intensely on that practice, Carl because he somehow felt that he was asserting dominance by replacing one man's cum with his own, Tethys because she liked to fuck, and she liked the extra musky aroma of the dripping fluids, and the mess it tended to make all over Carl's weight bench.
The last few weeks Megan had been joining her, and now Carl was training and fucking Tethys, Megan, Sonia, and now Megan's mother Rena during the training sessions. It was hard to imagine him getting much actual training in, but they all managed, and all were noticeably stronger and more muscular then they had been when they began. Tethys had been doing it for over two years now, she was the farthest advanced, and looked spectacular, although Sonia and Megan were probably more natural athletes.
Hera returned and relieved Megan, and kept up her own version of Goddess-chatter as Tethys and I fucked. Tethys had already experienced a pair of shuddering orgasms by now, and soon after Megan rejoined us it was time to wind down before either I ejaculated too early, or Tethys lost control of her bladder. As soon as I pulled out, she was off to the bathroom.
We managed to control ourselves through breakfast, but as soon as we were done eating, Tethys gave me "the look."
"Bend me over right here at the table," she commanded. "You know what you have to do."
She didn't want any preliminaries, but Hera and Megan were more than happy to get me hard quickly. Megan took me into her mouth, all the way to the hilt. Hera reached behind me to tickle my balls, while providing encouraging narration.
"Megan has that cock wet and slimy, it's so shiny and big and beautiful. It's as wet as your pussy, Tethys, and its so wide, it's going to open you up when he slides it in. I know you're ready. Maybe Megan doesn't want to give it up, it sure looks tasty. You may have to fight her for it."
"I'll kick her ass," Tethys laughed, but she was only half joking. Megan pulled out with a pop, and Hera guided and pushed me towards Tethys as she leaned over the kitchen table. She was more than just damp, the little bit of tease that Megan had provided had been effective.
I didn't try to make it last, that's not what Tethys wanted. She wanted my cum inside her pussy, the sooner the better. Of course, that didn't preclude her having an orgasm in the process, and with two sexy young girls encouraging and stroking her while we fucked, she managed a pretty powerful one. That was enough to set me off, and within a couple of minutes I had forcefully blown the contents of my balls and prostate into her tight slimy cavern. As I pulled out, I could feel the muscles clamping shut behind me, and she didn't spill a drop.
"You ready, Megan?" she called as she ran to get her minimal outfit that was waiting by the door. "Time to get dressed, unfortunately."
"I'm ready," Megan returned. "I'm going like this."
"What?" The three of us reacted simultaneously. "It's broad daylight!" Tethys added.
"It's ok," Megan smiled. "Nobody will call the cops. Anyway, my clothes are in my car, and I won't need them where we're going."
"Are you sure?" Tethys asked skeptically. "Yeah, it's a fantasy for me too, but it's kind of risky right now."
"I won't get out of the car until we get to Carl's, and I can borrow a towel from him if there are cops in the parking lot at Hippie Hollow. Otherwise, nobody will care if I'm naked. I want to wear clothes as seldom as possible from here on out."
Tethys looked from me to Hera as if waiting for a contrary argument, but neither of us said anything. I honestly didn't know what to say. We all preferred nudity at this point, but I didn't think we were going to try to make a social statement about it. I supposed Megan had another agenda.
Tethys shrugged, and pulled over he sundress. "Ok, come on then," she said. She and Megan gave Hera and I a quick kiss, and they were out the door.
"Back to the bedroom?" Hera suggested.
It was traditional, and by now habitual, for Hera to latch her hand onto the nearest available cock, whether talking or walking, and she followed that tradition now. We headed toward the bedroom, but then took a detour to the shower, considering all of the sweat and secretions we'd released over the night and morning. I loved the gentle and sensuous way that Hera was cleaning me, and my cock was rock hard in almost no time, but the challenge was in being able to return the favor to her, since in order to kneel before her and lather and stroke her beautiful pussy, thighs, calves and feet, I had to pry her hand off my cock. She reluctantly let go, just long enough for me to clean her off, and for me to get some pleasant pussy-tasting in, but as soon as I was back on my feet, her hand was once again wrapped around my shaft.
Finally dry and in bed, she had me lay on my back while she knelt between my legs, obsessively and unceasingly fondling my cock and my balls. Her touch was exquisite, and the expression on her face as she gazed at my genitalia was euphoric. I should have been used to it by now, we could and did discuss any subject under the sun, in depth and detail, whether politics, music, science, art, relationships, spirituality - yet whatever the topic I always had the impression that she was speaking to my cock. I think if I had asked her at the time, she would have insisted she was speakingthroughmy cock, it acted as her microphone, the focal point that allowed her to collect her thoughts and articulate them. If she spent too much time looking at my face, she would become shy and intimidated. She was a complicated woman.
After a few minutes of silence, during which she of course concentrated on tilting and twisting my cock at different angles while studying it intently, she shared her latest thought.
"It's not a flight deck."
"What?"
"Tethys calls it her flight deck, like it's part of an aircraft carrier, because the top is so wide and flat, and the bottom is deeper like a ship's hull. Megan's picked up on that, she calls it the same thing. I can see why they might think that, but they're actually wrong."
I chuckled. "I don't think they're trying to be technically accurate, it's just a bit of poetic license. I sure never thought of it that way until Tethys came up with it."
"That's what I mean, it's poetic license, but it's not good poetry. It's too military, you know, artificial, mean spirited, mission-oriented. An aircraft carrier is a thing, and not a very nice thing. Your penis is a living, breathing soul, with a mind of it's own, right?" She smiled at my face for a change.
"No argument here!" I agreed.
"Well, I'm seeing it now," and here she went back to full penile examination mode, "as something like a spitting cobra, except instead of spitting venom, this one spits a delicious elixir of life. Look at how it has a blunt head, like a snake, and its wide hood only expands and flattens out when it's aroused, the rest of the time it's nice and round."
"But it's not scaly," I protested.
"And it's not Navy gray, either," she returned. "It's so hard, but even when it's hard like this, it's still compressible and easy to the touch. Not like the steel of a warship. This is a blessed serpent, an emissary of the Goddess, not a war-making machine. I can't begin to describe how beautiful it is."
"You think all cocks are beautiful," I said.
"To a certain extent, that's true. I love how the naked male body looks, and a big part of that is that dangling set of cock and balls between the legs. Women are beautiful too, but it's such a different type of beauty. But I love cocks, you know that. I love how they look, I love how they feel in my hand, whether they're hard or soft. I love how dynamic they are, how they keep changing their shape and size, and alignment, and even their temperature. I love how they feel inside me, and I love how they taste. I love watching cum squirt out of them, I love it in my pussy, and I love it in my mouth. Sometimes I'm torn between wanting to watch it and wanting to feel it and wanting to taste it."
"It doesn't all taste good, does it?" I pressed her. "I've heard Megan and Tethys say they've experienced some pretty unpleasant tasting semen."
"You're right," Hera nodded. "I've had a few. Tobacco, alcohol, drugs, and hygiene are the main taste-killers. Somebody told me once that asparagus makes cum taste yucky too, but I don't know that from experience. The guys in our group are all delicious, I think we should be called 'The Sweet-cum Tribe.' And of everybody, you and Joe taste the best by far. I could drink your cum all day."
"Actually, I don't think you could," I disagreed.
"Poetic license, remember?" she gave my balls a gentle slap. "Anyway, I know your not ready to cum yet, and I know what I want to do with it when you do, but that's later. In the meantime, your cock is nice and hard and hot, and I don't want it to go to waste. I'm going to climb on you and fuck that spitting cobra at least untilIcum. We can do more when you're sure you've recovered."
She did as she said, and even without the need, or ability, to ejaculate, I thrilled to feel that bejeweled pussy kneading and squeezing my aroused spitting cobra as she slid up and down and forward and back and rolled from side to side over it. Spitting cobra... I liked that metaphor. Much better than flight deck. I had to agree with her logic.
"I enjoyed bowling last night," she gasped as she bounced vigorously on top of me.
"I thought you were a bit frustrated by the difficulties," I answered slowly setting the cadence of my words to time with her upward motions.
"Oh, yeah, it was frustrating." She took a deep breath. "But that's part of the fun. I get frustrated by my ceramics and my painting all the time. It never turns put the way I envision it, but that's why it looks so natural in the end. And last night I had a hot guy wanting to give me lessons. It got me horny, and I like that."
"Should I tell Ron Sanchez that you think he's hot and you got horny for him last night?" I laughed.
"Don't get his hopes up. I'm not going to fuck any of your coworkers," she whined, and then as if her fantasies contradicted her thoughts, she came with a loud, drawn-out orgasm. Hera is absolutely beautiful when she cums.
"Don't stop!" she ordered, and I rolled her over to put her on her back while I commenced thrusting from above. I was starting to feel like I might possibly cum soon, but until I knew her plans I thought it best to hold back. She quickly built up to another orgasm, and as she came she stared unblinking into my eyes. Funny how she's so shy about eye contact most of the time, but when the Goddess is enveloping her in joy, she is intensely bold.
"Fuck me deep, Taylor! You know I'm getting that snake so wet, that hooded cobra is exploring my hole. Let it make a nest there. Push it into me! Stop before you cum, though, I want to tell you where the cobra needs to spit its elixir. Oh, fuck me now!"
And another orgasm shook her. Her entire body quivered, and she groaned deep from her chest.
"I'm going to stop now," I told her. "If I don't, I'll either cum inside you, or I'll collapse from exhaustion."
"I'm so demanding," she panted. "Ok, let's stop and rest. We need to talk about your next cumshot."
We rested in silence for a few minutes, and then she surprised me with something she does all too rarely. She climbed up over me and began tenderly kissing my face and lips.
"I love you, Taylor," she sighed."I've never felt this much love for anybody before. Tethys is so lucky to have found you. And I'm lucky to have found her and Megan and everybody else, but especially you. If I'd met you before Tethys did, you'd be the center of my harem now!"
"I guess we all have overlapping harems," I responded. "It's not a bad life."
I was surprised by Hera's reaction. I knew she loved me, of course. She was a very loving girl. She loved Tethys, Megan, and apparently everyone in our tribe. As intense and raunchy as her sexual expression was, it was emotionally risky for her, and threatened to expose her fragility. It took a lot of courage for her to expose herself like this; to trust us, and me in particular I suppose, had been very scary for her at first. I knew that she felt safe in our group, and it was apparent to me that she had rarely felt safe in the past. So we all, together, meant something to her. But I didn't realize that it was so personal in my case.
Tethys was and always would be the center of my harem, the foundation of our Tribe, and the girl of my dreams. But I new that what I had with Hera, and Megan as well, was far more than just FWBs. I was fond of everyone in our group, and they were all important to me. But none had become as intimate as these three, and while I knew that the other tribe members might come and go over time, I hoped that Tethys, Megan, and Hera would be with me forever. It was strange, I reflected, that at the beginning Tethys had been the polyamorous girl, and I had been the faithful guy, the one subject to being labeled "cuckold." But now, here we were, as close and affectionate as any couple, yet sharing our joy, love and trust in overlapping relationships. Yet there was no contradiction to me being in love with each of these women. I didn't have to be reluctant to say it.
"I love you too, Hera. I'm glad you met Tethys, glad you got involved with her, and grateful that you've included me in your loving circle."
"So, are you rested yet?" she brightened.
"Um, I guess, but I do have to pee," I warned her.
"Great!" she smiled. "You know what to do."
At every opportunity, she was going to be at the toilet with me aiming my shaft. It was perfectly logical to her, she had her hand wrapped around my cock most of the time anyway, she may as well make it useful when the time came. By now, I had no qualms about letting her do it. She was conscientious and experienced, and never missed. Watching the pale yellow stream spewing from the same opening as my creamy sweet cum still seemed to fascinate her endlessly, and she stared intently at my dick as she directed the flow with the gentlest of fingertip pressure.
"It's just so goddam beautiful," she breathed as she watched me piss.
Shaken dry and patted with a bit of tissue, toilet flushed behind us, we ended up in the kitchen again, grabbing a light snack.
"Tethys and Megan and I were talking last night while you were thinking about mundane things like bowling," she began, as she smacked on a banana. "Do you know what their plan is for today?"
"The usual, workout with Carl and then head to Hippie Hollow with Rena and Sonia?" I suggested.
"Of course, but I mean while they're there."
"Have lots of sex?" I shrugged, not having expected any mysteries.
"Beyond that. You know how Tethys and Megan the last week or two started going on walks with cum dripping down their thighs?"
"I heard the stories and saw the pictures, yeah."
"You'll see more pictures today. They're going to do their walk with dripping facials."
"Facials?" In my recollection, I'd never seen Tethys with a facial. Nor Megan or Hera, for that matter. They'd always talked of semen as if it was a precious resource, to be swallowed or taken inside their pussies, taking full advantage of the absorbed mood and health-enhancing chemicals it reportedly contains.
"I'm not sure who's the bad influence - Megan on Tethys or Tethys on Megan, but it seemed like a fun and scandalous thing to do. It makes me wish I was there with them, but the only semen producers they have are Carl and Joe. So you'd have to be there too."
I could go if it were only for an hour or two," I reminded her. "But you couldn't even endure the sun that long."
"Maybe we can schedule a cloudy day, and then we can all make it. Anyway, even if I'm not there with them, I'm with them in spirit. And the thing is, I need to do some grocery shopping today."
"I do too," I realized.
"So while they're doing a cumwalk at Hippie Hollow, I could be doing a slightly less scandalous cumwalk at H-E-B."
"How is that less scandalous?" I wondered.
"I'll be fully dressed," she shrugged.
I wasn't convinced about the relative scandal levels, considering the context differences, but I knew who I was dealing with. And in my own way, I was curious to see how she would pull it off. The one concession she made to minimizing the scandal was her agreeing that we would do the deed, and the shopping, at a different store than the one we regularly shopped at (which was, curiously I thought, the same store, even though we had never seen one another there before), and instead visit the one in the University Hills neighborhood on Ed Bluestein Boulevard. We would go together, but shop separately. After comparing lists, she assured me that she had room in her own refrigerator for my perishables, and I could bring them home whenever we left her place. So with minor reluctance, but greater curiosity, I agreed to be her partner in crime.
Hera knew exactly how she wanted it to happen. She had me sit on my living room couch, and began a masterful blowjob. It wasn't just about depth or suction or even wetness, but included a variety of sensations from her lips, tongue, and fingers, massaging, kissing, licking, sucking, nibbling, flicking, squeezing. She paid special attention to my balls, then nibbling her way up and down my shaft as if it were a fleshy hot ear of corn. She licked all around the head of my cock, poking the tip of her tongue into the slit at my own tip, pausing occasionally to take breaths and provide verbal encouragement.
"Is that beautiful cobra going to spit all over my face? You cock is so pretty, it's so tasty. I love how it feels in my mouth, or slapping against my cheek, or resting on my forehead. It's nice and warm and hard but squishy. I can knead it like clay, look at those beautiful hanging balls. They're so heavy, so full of cum. Fuck, Taylor, you're so manly, so masculine. That's a real man's cock, a man's spitting cobra, a man's heavy eager balls. You want to see that cum dripping off my face? That hot creamy sweet cum shooting from your balls, spitting out of the mouth of your manly cobra? It will coat my pale pink flesh, it will decorate my dainty girlish skin. Your cum will feel so hot on my face, it will look so hot. People will see my face all streamed and smeared with dripping cum, and they'll know it came from your big hot cock. All the women will be jealous that cock didn't jizz ontheirfaces."
I had to giggle at the last sentence, which we both knew was well over the top. But it was cheerful hyperbole, and how could I deny such a beautiful sexy woman who considered wearing my cum to be a badge of honor?
She was in control, and between her lip suction, her tongue work, her finger massaging, and her throat friction, she decided exactly when and where I was going to cum. My knees shook and went limp, my hips bucked involuntarily, and I almost shouted my moans of ecstasy, while Hera placed the slotted tip of my cock exactly where she wanted it as I spewed. The first pulse splattered onto her forehead and into her hair, then she moved it around to her cheeks and the base of her nose, and then her upper lip. Some dribbled down to her chin and hung there, almost ready to drip but held back for now. She flopped my spent cock into her mouth and pulled out the remaining semen while slurping the excess off the outside of my shaft.
"Mmm," she hummed. "I did want to leave at least a little for tasting. I can see why I don't want to do this all the time. I'd be missing out on too much deliciousness."
She took a quick trip to the bathroom to admire her profile in the mirror for a few moments, and with a smile donned the outfit that she had worn bowling the night before. I wasted no time getting my own clothes back on.
"Ready?" she called.
It was about a fifteen minute drive to the supermarket, and the cum had started to separate into the more liquid and the more crusty components. A few drips had spotted her top, and from my perspective it was impossible to minimize her condition. Hera acted as though there was nothing unusual, and walked with me proud and smiling into the store. We each grabbed separate carts, as we were shopping for two different households, but we stayed together. I got my phone out and took a number of surreptitious photos, and a few short videos to send to our group. I knew that Megan and Tethys would be doing the same from Hippie Hollow.
As it turned out, the event was mostly anti-climactic. Very few of the people there looked at us at all, and of those who did, even fewer did a double-take. There were a few snickers and hushed giggles, and one look of whispered indignation, accompanied by a "that's so disgusting," but we were not interfered with or interrupted. The only question and comment directed at Hera came at the checkout stand, after the cashier's cheerfully scripted "did you find everything all right?"
"Everything we were looking for," Hera smiled back, and the cashier's expression faded to first puzzlement and then suspicion.
"What do you have on your face?" she asked in an undertone.
"Facial cream," Hera responded matter of factly. "It's good for the complexion."
The cashier raised an eyebrow and stared for several more seconds, then sighed and continued ringing up the transaction.
"Have a blessed day," she intoned as she handed Hera her receipt.
"Thank you, it's been a blessing so far," Hera responded brightly, and she giggled happily all the way back to the car.
"That was so fun, and I am so wet!" she sighed as we placed the refrigerated items in coolers that we'd put in the back seat. "I wish we could fuck right here in the parking lot!"
"I'm sure the folks watching the security cameras would be happy to see it," I chuckled, and Hera looked around to locate the nearest one pointed our way. She waved to it as we climbed into the car and shut the doors.
"Can we stop at my parents house first?" she asked once we were on the road. "I just want to check on them for a few minutes." She soon lapsed into silence, and when I glanced over her expression seemed focused inward.
"I don't know why I wanted to do that," she finally thought out loud. "I'm proud of my sexuality, and I like sexual attention, but I didn't pick a very friendly audience, did I?" she tilted her head and looked at me for an answer.
I laughed softly. "I would guess not, although it wasn't nearly as hostile as I'd feared. I think there were only a couple of explicitly negative reactions."
Hera nodded slightly. "True, but a lot of people hold their feelings inside. I know I do a lot of the time. Looking back on it now, I'm thinking I might have been rude to do that."
"Rude?"
"Yeah. I mean it was pretty much out of context. It's not quite the same as Tethys and Megan. Of course having sex in public is not strictly legal there, but everyone around them knows they're doing it, and it seems to be generally approved of, at least by the crowd in the immediate vicinity. So they're showing off, and it's part of the exhibition. It's almost natural. I go to the store with cum on my face, and it's completely out of place. Nobody is prepared for it, nobody expects it, and nobody really has a chance to deal with it emotionally before it's in their face. Or on my face, but you know what I mean. It feels good on my skin, in an icky sticky crusty itchy way, but I don't think I should be forcing my sexuality on others in a nonsexual environment. So on one hand I'm glad we did it, and I want to do it again, but on the other hand I'm sorry I made the other shoppers uncomfortable who were just trying to mind their own business."
"If they were really minding their own business, they wouldn't have even noticed," I responded.
She shook her head. "It doesn't work that way. Minding your own business doesn't mean being blind to your surroundings. Yes, I was in my rights to do it, but that doesn't make it not rude. If I was wearing a T-shirt slogan that said 'I support school shootings,' that would be my freedom of speech, but it would be a pretty low-life thing to do."
"I don't think the two statements are on the same level," I argued. "In one, you're expressing your joy and passion for goddess-level sex, on the other you're cheering for evil monsters."
"Of course they aren't the same thing. I'd much rather display the cum on my face than celebrate blood on my hands. But expressing my joy and passion isn't really sharing if it's done in a situation where it can't be embraced. I think my point is that I feel a lot more comfortable displaying my exhibitionism among kindred spirits, not as a way to make random people feel squeamish. In other words, I'm looking forward to showing it off to my Mom and Dad, but I don't think I'll be taking it to the H-E-B any more."
I'd only kept the dispute going to hear her explore her full line of thinking, it's not like I disagreed with her thoughts on it. In fact, I was a bit relieved to hear it. I'd recently experienced the joy of watching and being watched, and after some initial hesitation, I'd grown to like it, a lot. But, like Hera, I much preferred being watched by people who approved of what they were seeing. I like to think of myself as a person of good will, and people of good will don't seek to offend others needlessly. It was nice to know that my second girlfriend here was no different.
We pulled into her parents driveway, leaving the windows cracked as we exited the car. Early September, midday, it was stifling hot in central Texas, and even though the groceries were in a cooler, we knew they couldn't stay cold too long in this heat. Our visit would have to be short. The front door was unlocked, so Hera didn't need to use her key to lead me casually in. We weren't quiet, but apparently we weren't heard, either. As we walked into the living room, it was clear that Phoebe and Herakles were unaware of our presence. They were distracted, naked and happy. Herakles was leaning back on the sofa with his eyes closed and his mouth open, while Phoebe knelt between his legs, her mouth slobbering over his long thin cock.
We stood silent for a few moments, then Hera spoke up. "Mom and Dad, I am so proud of you!"
Phoebe pulled back and turned to look at Hera. After a few seconds she tilted her head and asked "What's that all over your face, or do I even have to ask?"
"It's a special facial cream that Taylor gave me. It's kind of dried out now, I should replenish it soon."
Phoebe turned to be and smirked. "You have so badly corrupted my sweet innocent baby girl!"
"Yes, I suppose, but who corrupted you?" I shot back. She shrugged.
"My sweet innocent baby girl, of course... and her friends."
She turned her attention back to her husband's cock, and Herakles gasped as she slid her mouth back over his shiny shaft. His eyes closed and his head lolled back.
"That looks nice. Does it feel good, Daddy? Does Mom leave you feeling passionate and erotic? Does she honor the Goddess when she pleasures your beautiful horny cock? Does she feed hungrily on your cum?"
Hera's voice seemed to have an effect on them both, because Phoebe suckled even more energetically, and suddenly Herakles went rigid, cried out, and bucked uncontrollably into his wife's mouth.
"Mmmmmmm," Phoebe let out several yummy moans as his nectar passed over her tongue and down her throat. Hera and I stood silent, watching with respect as Phoebe downed all but the last drop, which she squeezed out of the fading tip of her husbands dick as she plopped it out of her mouth.
"Last drop for you, Dear," she pointed the shiny appendage towards Hera. "You know how delicious it is."
Hera smiled and winked at me, then knelt beside her mother and took her father's tip into her mouth. "Mmmm, good as ever!" she smacked her lips as she withdrew and stood again.
"I've always loved your father's semen, for almost three decades now its been one of my favorite treats. I only recently learned, thanks to you two and then the rest of the Tribe, that the wonderful taste of a man is in fact a general male trait."
"It's really not, Mom." Hera shook her head. She obviously remembered our earlier conversation. Some men taste good. Taylor and the guys in our group all do. But nobody in our Tribe is typical. I've known some guys that tasted absolutely rancid and disgusting, so you have to be careful."
Phoebe's eyes flickered in disappointment. "Oh," she responded softly. "I didn't know that."
Herakles spoke up, as he recovered his breath. "Your mom was inspired by the messages she got from your friends," he nodded down to the phone that was sitting on the floor next to them. I hadn't noticed it until now. "Have you seen them?"
We hadn't, they must have come in while we were busy in the supermarket. Hera took out her phone, mine was still in the car. Sure enough, there were several messages from Tethys, Megan, and Joanne. There were images and videos, on of the first was a side by side pose struck by Tethys and Megan, both of them smiling at the camera with rivulets of fresh semen dripping down their cheeks, noses, lips and chins. I noticed that Beth was on the distribution list for all of them.
"I wanted to do something similar and take a picture to share with everyone," Phoebe said as she stood up. "But I can't bring myself to waste all that tasty cum. I just had to drink it."
"I can't argue with that, Mom. I had a tinge of regret myself when Taylor spurted on my face instead of in my mouth. Or in my pussy."
"I'm sure you'll correct that soon," Phoebe smiled.
"Not until this evening," Hera said seriously. "I have some work in the studio to finish first. When Megan gets here we'll both have a go at him. You can come by and watch if you like."
"I might, but don't count on it. Rena will be coming home tonight. This is her home now too, remember," her mother nodded.
We perused a few other photos and videos. There was a series of shots with Megan and Tethys walking down the path, smiling through the semen sheen, chatting casually with various men and couples they met along the way. One in particular was especially notable, with Megan talking to a boy that looked about her own age, who's cock rose to impressive proportions as they spoke. He was slender and brown, dark-haired, and his crotch was shaven as if he was already familiar with our tribal traditions. Near the end of the conversation, Megan grabbed hold of his erection, gave his foreskin a gentle tug, and then laughed as she flicked his swollen cock to the left and then to the right. She and Tethys then waved at him and continued on their walk. Had I been in that kid's place, I'm not sure if I would have been left frustrated or floating on a dream cloud, or both.
"We're in love with some very naughty women," I told Hera.
"Can't be helped," she shrugged.
The journey between Hera's parents and her own house was short, but she did manage to make one observation.
"My mom has a very selective memory, I think. Or maybe she's just spoiled by the taste of Dad's cum, itisvery good. But all those years she was pimping me out to the whole internet, I complained a number of times about guys who had foul tasting semen. In fact, I think it was close to half the guys I sucked off. Good tasting cum is not a general male trait, and I've told her so several times. I just happen to be lucky in the selection of males within our group."
"You weren't being pimped off to the whole internet," I snickered, deliberately missing the point. "I never caught you online."
She snorted. "You poor sucker. And instead you're stuck with that bitch Tethys."
My mouth dropped open and I looked at her with an expression of shock.
"It's sarcasm, genius," she sneered. "You know I love Tethys, and I much prefer to be a part of your relationship with her than to get to either of you separately." She looked winsome for a moment. "I kinda wish I had met you in those days. Would have saved me and my mom all kinds of trouble and heartaches. And then we both could have met Tethys at the same time, together!" she added brightly.
Back at Hera's place, we offloaded the groceries and got naked, but there was no sensual behavior for a while. Hera moved to a table in her studio containing dozens of newly bisque-fired teacups.
"These need to be decorated, then glazed," she pointed out. "I'm going to try some floral and butterfly patterns and such, she said. Not too erotic. These will be for the public, and sold on my website. My erotic stuff, of course, goes to the gallery. It's 'serious art'," she smiled as she air quoted the phrase.
"But you still want an erotic section on your website?" I clarified.
"When you're ready," she shrugged. "No pressure."
I let it drop for the moment. I didn't usually take my work home with me, but this database conversion had the potential to overflow well past working hours. I'd never doubted that it was a big project, but I had to admit to myself that I still didn't know how big it might become. Better to not get too committed to other projects until I had a better handle on what could be a career-defining endeavor.
While Hera busied herself with decorating her teacups, and I noted that her concentration was intense, I took out my phone and began browsing Stack Overflow for discussions on PostreSQL. There were a few details I wanted to bring up to discuss with my crew if and, more likely when, the database migration became a real thing. Most of it was implementation differences, but as long as we were rebuilding the system, there were some design ideas I thought worth considering as well. I lost myself in the research, and didn't even notice when Hera came into the room.
"I need a break, are you hungry?"
I was, but Hera seemed to have her own idea of what kind of a snack to offer me. She turned in front of me and spread her legs, bending down to touch her hands to the floor.
"Good!" she said. "Eat me!"
I couldn't say no, and I couldn't deny that she looked extremely appetizing. I leaned forward and pulled her towards me, and lost myself in the wet folds of her jeweled pussy. She was wet when she approached me, but she only became wetter as my lips, tongue and fingers indulged themselves in the beauty and pleasure of her sex.
I had completely lost track of time, and she was on her back on the floor with my tongue swirling with delight among her juicy folds when Megan appeared in the room above us.
"That looks delicious!" she chirped. "Don't stop on my account!"
She pulled her phone from her pack and threw her clothes off. They landed on the floor beside us.
"Keep going," she encouraged, as she began to record us.
Within the next few minutes, Hera was down on her hands and knees in front of me, and I was on my back behind her, pulling her her cunt down to my mouth, smearing my cheeks with her clear sweet fluids. Megan leaned close to her face.
"You've still got some crusties on there, girl," she giggled. "And ooh, I can smell it too. Old semen smells nothing like fresh pussy."
"Sorry," Hera gasped. "I... got... busy!"
"Oh, I see that!" Megan laughed. "I'm not complaining you know, it looks perfect on you. Like it belongs there. I can't say the same for the perfume, though."
Whatever her stated opinion about the residue on Hera's face, it didn't stop Megan from kissing and licking her, and she was quickly on all fours in front of Hera, the both of them exchanging tongue and saliva as if it were fine wine.
"Hey, you!" Megan pulled her head around to the side as Hera came down from a mewling orgasm. "Get off your back and fuck her. You've been playing around long enough on that external flesh, I want to see your cock plunge deep inside her and make her cum like the cockslut she is. Do it now, and cum inside her so I can lick it out of her pussy. You've managed to regenerate your cum today, haven't you?"
I had, and I was feeling cooperative, so I didn't argue. Without changing Hera's position I poised myself behind her. My cock had been solid wood for some time now, and there was plenty of precum oozing from the slit to add to Hera's already copious lubrication. Megan rolled onto her back and twisted herself, around, pushing her body into a 69 position below Hera, her face perfectly aligned with my balls as I slid into Hera's very slippery and liquid-sounding cunt.
Something about a cock inside her has always triggered Hera's most loquacious tendencies. She began narrating, emoting, proclaiming, orating, preaching, and calling down the most profane and lewd blessings from the Goddess to all of us in her circle of lovers. Megan had developed an ongoing tendency to sing pop anthems while I fucked her, but in her current position she was acting as a chorus and harmony with her sisterslut, calling out helpful phrases such as "preach it, baby!" and "Feel the Goddess inside you, along with the cock of heaven!" Often, though, she couldn't speak at all, making panting, choking sounds as Hera managed to hit just the right nerves around her clit between her own orgasms.
One thing I'd learned to love about both women, and Tethys as well, was that they were extremely orgasmic, much moreso than I'd thought women were possibly capable of in my previous limited experiences. Both Hera and Megan were cumming over and over again, which either interrupted their narration with gasps and moans, or simply replaced it with long drawn out wails. I was appreciating the fact that being capable of so many closely spaced orgasms was itself an athletic feat, such passion was not available to the weak or untrained.
When not singing the praises of the Goddess or Hera's sexual capacity, or distracted by her own ecstatic outbursts, Megan was loudly admiring the view of my cock stabbing in and out of Hera's still leaking vaginal opening.
"What a beautiful big wide shaft, it's shiny and wet and slippery. I love seeing those veins ripple! Ooh, Taylor, your balls are bouncing off my nose when you thrust deep. It tickles! Damn, fuck, I could breathe the smell of your fucking all day long. Just keep fucking like this for me. Hera, you just dripped more cum into my mouth! It's delicious. It's looks so beautiful, it sounds so beautiful, it smells so beautiful, it tastes so beautiful. I can feel the heat radiating off of his shaft as he pushes it into you, and when he pulls out. I wish you guys could fuck all the time, except when you're fucking me! I love watching people fuck, especially you, Taylor, and you, Hera!"
"Ahhh! I love to fuck! I love you watching me fuck. I love everybody watching me fuck. I love the Goddess watching me fuck! Fuck me harder Taylor! Faster! Cum inside me, let it drip on Megan's face!"
Both girls were on a roll, and my balls wanted nothing more than to oblige them. I let go, and the pulsing power I felt along my shaft equaled any of the most voluminous ejaculations I'd ever had. I couldn't be sure, of course, sometimes an incredibly intense orgasm yields only a moderate volume of semen, much depends on how well fed and rested I am since my most recent bout. But from my end, this one was highly satisfying. I quickly learned that the recipients were quite happy with my production.
Megan lay staring up Hera's pussy, with a wide-open smile on her face, while Hera straddled her upright. Whether Hera was dripping my cum into her mouth I couldn't tell from my position, since I was standing on the bed with my hands pressed up against the ceiling, while Hera's lips and tongue busily licked, sucked and nibbled all the remaining coatings from my cockflesh. I wasn't hard any more, but I was still swollen, and still sensitive. It wasn't long until all three of us were collapsed into a heap.
"Taylor, your cum is amazingly tasty, especially when it's blended with Hera's," Megan reported as I lay there catching my breath. "What are we going to do next?"
"Remember, we're going to the park tomorrow morning to meet my family, and hopefully to cheer Tethys after she's delivered her painting," I reminded them. "If you like, we can start out from my house, and meet Tethys and the rest there."
The idea was immediately approved, Hera grabbed a fresh outfit, and Megan fished one out of the bags she'd sequestered about the living room over the last few days.
"Monday is official move-in day, right?" she asked.
"I think you're already moved in, at least as far as I'm concerned. But for renting purposes, yes. We'll spend the day getting you all unpacked and organized."
I got dressed and retrieved the groceries I'd bought earlier in the day, when Hera's cum-face was a lot fresher. The girls having picked out their clothes, refused to wear them.
"I don't want to dirty them up, we haven't had a shower yet," she smiled. "We'll shower at your house if you don't mind, Taylor. We can go naked, it's not that far, and it's dark now."
Megan eagerly seconded the motion, and we piled into my Tesla and headed for my place. I looked forward to sharing my bed with two sexy young women, even if I was spent for now, I knew they'd be demanding more of me by bedtime, and I guessed I'd still have a little in the tank once I had a snack, a drink, a shower and a shave, and a bit of relaxation before going full-tilt again.
"Oh, by the way," I asked Hera. "I thought your mother was going to show up tonight, at least to watch."
"Rena came home, remember?" Hera answered cheerfully. "That distracted her."
"My mom is addicted to your dad's cock already," added Megan. "It's kind of funny."
"I think she's addicted to cocks in general at the moment," Hera rolled her eyes. "We're going to have to supervise her to keep her out of trouble."
Hera and Megan didn't seem like the best choices for keeping anyone out of trouble as far as I could tell, especially when it came to cock addictions. But I had no room to talk. I didn't seem very inclined to keep away from the lovely pussies I'd been finding myself surrounded by lately, either.
Three in my shower was a tight fit, but doable, and always worth the squeeze. I needed to pee, but the girls insisted I do it in the shower, and with the water rinsing them off continuously, squealed in delight as they took turns aiming it at each other. They played no such hijinks with their own bladders, simply letting loose where they stood. It wasn't really even that noticeable amidst all the other splashing and streaming hot water.
The shaving was a little more involved. It took some negotiation. We finally decided that Megan would shave me, Hera would shave Megan, and I'd shave Hera. Fair enough, it seemed to me. It only included genital regions, I took care of my own face (even though Megan offered to do it) and the girls shaved their own armpits and legs. Megan had already shaved me a couple of times before by now, and she was good at it. The way she tightened the skin, smoothing out the wrinkles on my scrotum and stroking the razor with assurance, actually felt pleasant. I was a bit more tentative with Hera's pussy, I worried a little that the blade would catch on her clit ring.
"Should I take it off?" I asked hopefully.
"No, it'll be fine," she assured me. "Anyway, it's kind of fiddly to put back in once it's come off."
The shower and shaving took longer than necessary, but I can't say I didn't enjoy it. We were feeling fresh and energized again when we dried off, especially after Hera brewed us all some of her signature fresh coffee (now that I knew her capabilities, I always kept the ingredients on hand). We sat around the den, actually using the coffee table for what it was intended, while we put on some archived videos of our previous tribal adventures. It was hard core and erotic, but it was also outrageously funny in places, and there was no shortage of peanut-gallery remarks from us. However, it had the desired effect, and before long my cock was standing upright, and the girls were visibly aroused.
"Bedroom or right here?" I finally asked.
"Bedroom!" said Hera.
"Right here!" called Megan.
"Oh, shit," I grumbled. "Is there going to be a naked girl fight in front of my eyes?"
"That's one pleasure we're not going to give you," sneered Hera. "Ok, right here, but on two conditions."
"We're all ears," Megan and I burst out simultaneously, looking at each other and laughing in surprise.
"First, the sound on the video goes off. You can turn the video off too if you want to, but it's not required. I just don't want the background porn interfering with the foreground porn. Second, Megan, you fuck Taylor by yourself. I'm not going to help, I just going to record it as if you two are professional porn stars. Fuck however you want, get on top of him and sing if you want to, Megan. Taylor, don't you dare cum inside her, because when she's spent, I'm going to give her the camera and you will fuck my ass, while she records it. That's where you can cum."
"That sounds like three conditions to me," I protested.
"The third one is a bonus I just thought of," Hera smiled. "So, three conditions."
Megan didn't look at all reluctant, in fact she was eager to watch me fuck Hera's ass. I tried to look reticent, but it was a poor effort.
Megan ran to the bathroom and returned quickly with a large fluffy towel. She spread it onto the den rug and ordered "Assume the position, old man."
I lay dutifully on my back, knowing how she liked to fuck me while she was singing. She straddled me and lowered herself down onto my broad flat shaft, making a face like one sneaking chocolate cookies from the cupboard. To my surprise, she didn't start singing right away. She moved silently and slowly up and down over my cock, then swayed sided to side, leaned forward, leaned back, and as she gradually ramped up the pace, the sounds began to come. Faint, thin and squeaky at first, they gradually became more full-throated, and more coherent. They took on the form of a prayer to our favorite Goddess.
"Oh Goddess, surround me with your passion, your love, your pleasure. Bless this massive wide cock as it blesses my tight wet horny cunt, show us your love through our bodies, our sweaty aroused bodies, and our slutty depraved minds! Let me bless Taylor with my love and pleasure. Let him feel my orgasms through his cock and his balls and his ears and his belly! Bless his beautiful flight deck as I impale myself upon it."
"Spitting cobra," interrupted Hera.
"What?" Megan opened her eyes and looked quizzically over at her co-lover, slowing down her bouncing, but not halting completely.
"Spitting cobra," repeated Hera. "That's what it reminds me of more than an aircraft carrier. Not so metallic, more organic, compressible, wet and slithering. Fuck, just saying it makes me wetter."
Megan continued her back and forth and up and down gyrations on my cock, her eyes closed, and her face contorted both in pleasure and concentration. To help her think, I raised my hands to her breasts and began twisting her nipples gently.
"Ooooh! I think... Yeah, ok, yeah... I think you're right. But Taylor's cobra doesn't spit venom, it spits sweet nectar!"
"That whatIsaid!" Hera laughed. "Sorry, carry on, I didn't mean to interrupt."
Megan increased her pace again, and once more became loudly vocal. But this time it was only incoherent pleasure noises, and soon she was bucking and rocking in the throes of a massive orgasm. I felt her liquid flow over my cock and everything went squishy. All the girls in our tribe are exceptionally vocal when fucking, and especially when orgasming, but I suddenly realized that the volume increases even further when they are being watched while they fuck. That, as much as any of the prayers that came from Hera and Megan, made me feel blessed.
Megan slowed down enough to recover her breathing, then she pivoted on my cock so that her pussy was facing my feet. Hera now had room to position herself between my legs and assist in whatever way seemed best to her. In this case, what seemed best to her was recording our encounter. She brought the camera in for closeups, focusing on the entry of my cock into Megan's trickling cunt, she moved back for full context shots, she centered Megan's facial expressions as she sang and orgasmed, and my own face as I grimaced in the intensity of pleasure. And sing Megan did, loud, clear, and with perfect pitch, timing, and impressive range and volume control. I was wondering what new song she would sing this time, but it wasn't a new one. It was the first song she'd ever sung while riding on my cock, Jason Mraz's "I won't give up." It had become one of my favorite songs after hearing her sing it - and she didn't even have to be fucking me for it to sound great. I especially liked the lines
Well, I won't give up on us
God knows I'm tough enough
We got a lot to learn
God knows we're worth it
She sang it with feeling, in addition to what I was feeling with her on top of me.
I wasn't allowed to cum, even though Megan apparently managed three orgasms during and after the song. But then she stopped, and I was informed that it was Hera's turn. She and Hera passed the phone between them, and suddenly Hera was on her hands and knees in front of me, still on the towel on the floor.
"Lick my ass, lube my ass, then fuck my ass," she ordered. "Slide your cock in slow, but don't stop until you're all the way in."
This seemed like a big step up for her, after all, it was only her second attempt at anal sex, and she'd been a bit sore after the first one, despite me having been careful. She wasn't experienced like Joanne. I followed her instructions, and my broad shaft slid in surprisingly easily. She grunted and moaned, and pushed back against my crotch.
"Stroke it slow and deep, ahh, that's right. I think you're getting the hang of it. Now play with my clit. Tug on my ring - gently!"
I chuckled as I thrust. "I thinkyou'regetting the hang of it! Getting adventurous in our old age, are we?"
"Fuck you!" she panted. "Deeper, harder!"
As the first time I'd fucked her ass, she never invoked the Goddess a single time. There was nothing spiritual about it at all on my end, it was raw, it was craven, it was even brutal. Megan may have felt differently, though. She was diddling her pussy every chance she got as she kept moving the camera around to catch the action.
Raw and animalistic though it might have been, it was also effective. Within a minute or two Hera was bucking, moaning, and even screaming, then she was sobbing, and the tears streaming down her cheeks, like the drool oozing from her cunt, were those of joy. I have an instinctive reaction to a woman having a wild orgasm on my cock, it tempts me to release one of my own. When necessary I can hold it back, but at the moment that didn't seem necessary. I released, and shot deep, deep into her intestines. Hera felt the warm wetness, and responded with a long drawn-out howl. From immediately to my left, where Megan was getting a closeup of my cock and balls spasming and pumping into the void between Hera's cheeks came another high-pitched wail. Megan had brought herself to orgasm at the same time. I momentarily wondered if that was going to throw off her camera focus, but as the electric charge filled my brain and rolled back my eyeballs, I didn't give it another thought.
We took another shower, and spent some recovery time, chatting, laughing, comparing notes, and then of course grabbing some more snacks and drinks from the kitchen. Megan picked the phone up and sent all the unedited files out to our special group. Some would see it right away, some might not see it until later. As we relaxed, we decided to give it a look ourselves, there was probably some unintentional comedy there as well as well-preserved passion. It was good stuff for the most part, spontaneous and unprofessional perhaps, but for raw eroticism and excitement, far superior to the commercial dreck.
It wasn't long before we did get responses back. There were a few likes, Angela and Rick posted a short clip of themselves alongside her parents, Tethys sent a video of her sucking Carl, even Mimi and Ray returned a thumbs up. I hadn't realized Megan had them on her send list.
One person I should have realized was on Megan's send list, but I hadn't thought about until it was too late... When I saw the response my stomach dropped right out of my abdomen, and I momentarily felt sick. All my efforts, I realized, had been in vain.
"What a nice surprise! I already knew I had the world's sexiest coworker, here's proof!"texted Beth.