Strip-Off: Vengeance!
Part 4
"You know, maybe we should try working together for the jackpot prize. You know, like... try to ensure that everyone is equally naked at the end of the game."
Sam's suggestion brought out a look of surprise from Maya. "...that would require some of us to throw the game. Will Arrow even allow that?"
Just as they were about to discuss further, Arrow strutted out on stage. "Good evening, my fellow miscellaneous degenerate scumbags! Welcome to Strip-Off! And, Maya, to answer your question, yes! You are allowed to throw matches to try and win the prize."
Kyrie pushed up her glasses. "Ha! The host said it themself! Now, if we count up the amount of clothing still on our bodies, we can formulate a plan to win the jackpot prize together!"
Hina twiddled her fingers. "But... we don't even know what the prize IS... and would anyone here willingly lose a challenge...?"
Kyrie methodically took stock of everyone's specially-designed, segmented bodysuits. Kyrie had lost only one piece of clothing- she noted that she and Tanya had four pieces of suit remaining: legs, midriff, chest, and crotch. Hina and Rook had three pieces of clothing remaining. Maya had three as well, and Sam had but a single piece of clothing remaining on her body.
Kyrie grinned. "Okay, how about this. As a show of good faith, I will lose this round on purpose. Tanya, Hina, Rook, let's try to get one of you to lose with me. Fair?"
Rook shook her head. "No way, I'm not participating in this! ...I mean, maybe I could, but... I need the money, and besides... I'd have to be completely naked at the end, and... I'm a bit reluctant to do that. So I'm a little unsure..."
Tanya shrugged. "I dunno... gimme time to think about it."
Hina smiled. "I understand! Then, how about I lose with Kyrie this round, to give you some time to decide."
Rook narrowed her eyes. "Well... I guess it would be good for us if you two threw your matches..."
Arrow clapped their hands. "How interesting! It appears that the contestants have struck a bargain, giving up hundreds of thousands of dollars ON PURPOSE to try to earn the JACKPOT PRIZE! Will they be able to work together? Will they betray one another? Oh, I simply can't wait to see! Though, Kyrie, I must say- you are quite brave for volunteering to be the first person to lose..."
Kyrie threw back her hair and laughed. "What kind of scientist wouldn't be curious about a never-before-seen phenomenon like the 'Jackpot' you so speak of? I simply must see it for myself- ESPECIALLY since this is the last season of the show!"
Arrow grinned. "Well! If that's the case. Let me tell you guys this- the jackpot is NOT MONEY. You win the jackpot, and you get NO MONEY besides the ten grand you get from participating! It also means that the voters won't vote on who gets special punishments, so no chances to increase your money!"
Rook sighed. "I... need that money, guys. I'm sorry, but gender confirmation surgery is REALLY expensive nowadays, and I don't think I can stomach showing off my penis to the world. You really shouldn't count on winning the jackpot..."
Kyrie smiled. "Relax, Rook! You don't have to do anything. Just sit back and watch as we throw our matches. No need to worry about deciding until next week!"
Arrow laughed again. "Oh? I wonder if it will really be that easy! This round, we have... Female Bonding!"
Spotlights turned on, shining down upon two outlandish looking devices. They looked like wooden horses, except with a few modifications. First of all, the wooden horses were both shaped like a Y from above, allowing three girls to sit on each one while facing each other. Second, there were dildos on rails on each segment for the girls to sit on. And finally...
Rook pointed to one of the seats on one of the horses. "That one looks different..."
Rook was right- rather than a metal edge meant to wedge itself into a pussy, that part of the wooden horse was topped with a soft, rounded plastic cover, with small bumps on it.
Arrow shrugged. "Well, ah... wooden horses aren't designed with penises in mind, so I made some adjustments. That's your seat. Rest assured, it confers no unfair disadvantages or advantages."
Rook sighed. "Fair enough. Wouldn't want to shove a metal wedge into my balls..."
"Good. Now, here are the rules- you will be in teams of three for this game. Contestants on the losing team lose two pieces of clothing each."
The teams popped up on screen: Kyrie, Tanya, and Rook vs. Maya, Sam, and Hina.
Rook paled. "Uhh... Kyrie? It looks like we either win or lose together."
Kyrie scratched their head. "Well... if we want to win the jackpot, we HAVE to throw this round..."
Rook shook her head. "Can't let you do that. I was willing to let you throw a match, but I can't afford to lose with you..."
Kyrie sighed. "I... should I try to win, then? Yeah, I'll try and win this round. I can't force someone into a loss with me, just for the sake of my curiosity..."
Tanya scratched her head. "Well, isn't this a pickle, huh...?"
Arrow explained further. "Each team will sit on one horse. They will all be sitting on the dildos while facing each other, attached together in various places. The contestants will be wearing connected nipple clamps, and connected ankle shackles. They must also hold a rubber ball between their mouths the whole time. The dildos vibrate, and each team member will be holding a button that can reduce the speed of their vibrator- but, the button will increase the intensity of the other two!"
"The horse also shifts around and tilts with your movements, and a contestant may end up sliding backwards on the dildo. If they slide to the edge of the wooden horse, the team gets a stimulating electric shock through their bindings!"
Sam turned to her teammates. "In that case, we need to make sure to not move as much as possible. Any movement will stimulate the others..."
Hina nodded and smiled. "Yeah. We can't really rely on the other team throwing the match, but we can just do our best to beat them normally! Remember, we need to find a balance in order to win!"
The contestants took their places on the horses. They first sat on their respective dildos. Rook inserted it into her ass, lubing it up first. She groaned as it went in, the bumps on her seat hitting her balls as she got the dildo in. The others followed suit, until their pussies were all being split apart and stimulated by the cool metal.
Next came the restraints. All the girls got their hands handcuffed behind them. They were then forced to all kiss each other to hold the rubber ball in their mouths. Their ankles and nipples were chained to each other, completing the bondage.
And finally, they were each given a small button, which they held with their hands behind their backs.
Arrow grinned. "Ready! Set! Go!"
All of a sudden, the vibrators turned on. The contestants began to moan and shake their hips.
As Tanya wiggled around and humped her dildo, her movements tugged at Kyrie's nipples, causing her to moan in agony. She desperately struggled to lean forward and keep the ball in their mouths, but that shifted the weight, and Rook began sliding backwards as the horse tilted slightly...
Rook leaned forward with all her might and pushed her head and tongue further into the center. She made out passionately with the two other contestants, their tongues all stroking the ball sensuously and pushing on it in a desperate attempt to keep it centered.
The other team wasn't doing so well, either. Sam's eyes rolled back in her head as the dildo buzzed inside her. She couldn't help it- her nympho personality was taking over. She began deliberately humping her dildo and swirling her tongue around the rubber ball, causing the other contestants to feel pleasant sensations on their lips and nipples.
Hina leaned forward, struggling to keep part of the ball in her mouth due to her short height. The lip contact was making her horny, and she could feel an orgasm building up inside of her.
"Mmmph... mmm...!"
Hina endured and just pushed herself further into the center, despite the onslaught of tongue wrestling pleasure that was waiting for her there. She much preferred that to backing up and risking getting shocked, not to mention that her nipple chains had very little slack...
Suddenly, Hina's eyes widened- her vibrator had been turned up by Maya, who was squirming and struggling not to cum. Her clit perked up, and she shook harder, the nipple chain connecting her to her teammates clanking and tugging painfully...
...but luckily, the other team messed up first.
"Ahhh...!"
The other team's horse suddenly leaned to one side as Kyrie pulled back a little. The tilt caused Kyrie to slide backwards, causing a pleasurable shock to surge through the nipple chains. Tanya, being more used to applying bondage than BEING bonded, came fairly quickly from the shocks.
Arrow shrugged. "Well, that was fast. Game over! I'll turn off the vibrators and jazz."
Arrow turned off the vibrators and helped the girls out of their bondage. They then clicked their remote six times, and Kyrie, Tanya, and Rook all lost two pieces of clothing. Kyrie and Tanya were left only with their tops and bottoms, while Rook was left only with panties. Her bulge poked cutely out of her crotch as she covered her chest in embarrassment. The audience stared at her newly bare chest intently.
She stuttered. "Look, I know I don't have boobs, but it's still a bit embarrassing to have my chest stared at...! Don't just stare...!"
The crowd took that as a sign that they should cheer, holler, masturbate, and show appreciation for Rook's chest.
Rook smiled. "W-well, if you like it THAT much... I guess you can stare."
Rook slowly removed her hands from her chest, and the catcalls grew louder as her hard nipples peeled through her slender fingers. Her cock was now fully erect, straining against the fabric of her suit bottoms, barely contained by the meager fabric.
Sam, as soon as she got off the horse, started getting herself off, rubbing frantically until she came. Once she did, she realized what she had done, and looked down, blushing profusely.
Kyrie scratched her head. "Well! That was an interesting result. Uh, sorry we lost, Rook. I did try my best, I swear!"
Rook narrowed her eyes. "I mean, you didn't seem like you were trying to blatantly lose, sure, but I'm still suspicious of you. You seem like you're willing to go really far just to win that jackpot..."
Kyrie shrugged. "Well, since you have one piece of clothing left, I must ensure that you avoid losing for the rest of the game."
Arrow laughed. "Well, folks! Looks like our contestants still have a chance to win the jackpot! I wonder if they will make it...?"