This is the story of our continuing real life sexual adventures. All of the events described actually occurred. I enjoy reading your comments and hearing from you.
*
It had been a week since our encounter with Kevin and Linda. Kristen had connected with Lacey again and arranged to meet them. We were to meet at a local hotel for drinks and some teasing in the bar.
We met in the cocktail lounge. As soon as we arrived, Kristen and Lacey headed off to the women's room to freshen up. Brad and I headed to the corner where we usually sat, to avoid being easily seen. We ordered the drinks and soon saw the girls approaching. Both girls wore very sexy outfits again. Kristen wore a low cut, flimsy, peach colored sundress that buttoned down the front. It was knee length and she had it unbuttoned to mid thigh. As she approached us the light from the bar area shone through her dress totally silhouetting every curve of her body. One could easily tell she wore nothing beneath it by the way it conformed to her body. As she got closer, I could see the pronounced bumps of her erect nipples through the thin fabric.
Lacey wore a short black skirt and a black, striped silk blouse. Every other stripe in the blouse was actually a strip of very sheer fabric. As she got closer, it was apparent that she too wore no bra, as I could see the outline of her nipples through the transparent fabric.
We both told the girls how fabulous they looked as they sat down in the seats across from us. After some small talk and a couple of drinks Brad told Kristen that, he couldn't wait to see more of her. That was all the encouragement she needed. Kristen took another gulp from her third glass of wine, set down the glass, looked straight at Brad, and leaned over the table between us. Her dress fell away from her chest exposing almost all of her breasts to us. Her tan lines were quite pronounced, since we had spent quite a bit of time at the beach. All but the tips of her breasts were visible to us. Brad immediately said he wanted to see more.
Without hesitation, Kristen reached down and undid the top two buttons of her dress. Her dress slipped open even further allowing us to see both of her breasts in entirety. Her nipples are about an inch and a half across, and bright pink. They were standing out about a half inch, and as thick as my pinky. She leaned back into her chair and one side of her blouse flopped open leaving her breast exposed to us. I couldn't believe Kristen had so eagerly let another guy see her breasts, and that she was now sitting in a bar with a breast in plain view. I thought my hard-on would pop right through my pants.
Lacey casually began to slide her hand up and down over her breast squeezing her nipple as she caressed it. She pulled the fabric tightly across her breast making the sheer fabric even more transparent. I told her that her nipple looked delicious, but I wanted to see more. Lacey then undid a few more buttons on her blouse and opened it to show us her bare breasts. Her nipples were erect. The pebble sized center stood out from the rest of her light brown nipple.
She was playing with her nip when Brad told her the waitress was returning. Both girls pulled their tops closed. As the server placed our drinks on the table, I saw her glance at the girls. I looked over and noticed that one of Lacey's nipples was still peeking out of her blouse. I'm sure the waitress didn't miss it either. I kept my mouth shut because I was afraid that might put an end to their flashing.
After a few more sips of wine both girls nodded to each other and began opening their legs. They were teasing us mercilessly, only opening their legs a bit at a time. As our moaning increased, they began to show us more and more. Lacey gave in first. She put her hand on the hem of her skirt, and then slowly pulled it up, allowing us to see her freshly shaved pussy.
Kristen followed Lacey's example and pulled the fabric of her sundress away from her pussy. She spread her legs a bit more allowing us a look at her glistening, pink pussy. We could even see a bit of her small inner lips peeking out from between her smoothly shaved outer lips.
I couldn't take any more. I asked Brad if they wanted to get a room again. He told us he had already reserved one, but that he had to go see if it was ready. As he got up to leave, Kristen fastened the buttons of her dress and said she'd go with him.
I was surprised when Lacey began to play with her skirt again giving me a few more peeks. I told her how hot she looked, and moved over to sit where Kristen had been. She turned toward me, and slid a hand inside her blouse. She started fondling her breast and moving the sheer fabric aside so that I could see what she was doing. I really hadn't expected her to do anything without Brad there. I began wondering if Kristen was maybe doing the same thing with Brad as they checked out the room.
Lacey moved her hand away leaving her breast out for me to ogle. I placed my hand on her knee while pressing gently outward, and told her I wanted to see her pussy again. She told me that would be fine with her, so I slid my hand up her thigh. I slowly pushed my hand beneath her skirt, and watched her face for any sign that I had crossed the line. She kept on smiling and parted her legs a bit more. I continued pushing her skirt higher until I could see her pussy. I moved my hand a bit more, and lightly stroked the grove between her leg and outer lips.
Lacey took her wine and downed the rest of her glass. Since Lacey was still smiling, I figured I would get a bit bolder. I slid a finger lightly into the groove between her outer pussy lips and pulled her leg toward me. This opened her outer lips so that I could easily see her entire pussy from about a foot away. I continued stroking her pussy and gently separated her inner lips. Lacey let out a soft moan.
With that encouragement, I let my finger dip into her wide open, dripping hole. Her pussy was so wet my finger entered her easily. I couldn't believe I was actually sitting in a bar fingering my friends wife. I had barely gotten my finger into her steaming pussy when I saw the waitress begin to approach us. I hated to withdraw, but did, and told Lacey to cover up. We told the waitress we were ready for the check. I was ready for a lot more than that.
As I paid the bill, I saw Kristen and Brad approach. I thought Kristen looked a bit flushed, but maybe I was just imagining it. As I watched her approach, I noticed that several of her buttons were undone again. I wondered what had kept them, and was eager to find out.
Brad and Lacey said they wanted to run out to their car to get some refreshments. They had left a cooler with wine and beer, and some snacks in the car in anticipation of the evenings events. They gave us the key to the room, and said they'd meet us there.
As Kristen and I entered the room, I came up behind her and put my arms around her while kissing her neck. I slid my hand inside her dress and began playing with her extremely erect nipple. My hard-on was throbbing as I leaned into her.
I whispered in her ear, "How did your dress get unbuttoned again? You buttoned it before you left."
Kristen stammered a bit and told me that when she got into the room she sat down on the bed while Brad looked around. She said Brad came and stood in front of her. He began telling her what fantastic tits and nipples she had and started playing with her breasts through the flimsy fabric of her dress. Kristen said she wanted him to be able to see them since he liked them so much, so she unbuttoned the top of her dress and pulled it open. She said Brad took one look and started playing with her nipples and squeezing her tits. He pushed her back on the bed separating her legs with one of his knees. He then lowered himself on top of her while he continued rubbing her tits.
As Kristen continued telling me about her time in the room with Brad, her breathing was actually getting heavier. I could tell she was more than turned on. She said he pushed his knee upward, pushing her dress aside and began then began to grind into her now exposed pussy. She said she could feel his hard cock pressing against her wide-open lips, and that she knew if he hadn't had pants on his cock would have easily slipped into her soaked pussy. After a few minutes of play, Kristen told Brad they should get back to Lacey and me, and that maybe they could continue later on.
As Kristen replayed the events with Brad, I began reaching into her dress and tugging on her nipple with one hand, and sliding my other hand up her dress. As I touched her pussy, she separated her legs for me. I lightly touched her now erect clit, and slid my finger down into her soaked opening. I turned her around, slid her dress off one shoulder, and lowered my mouth to her breast. As I began to finger her again, I heard a key in the door. I pulled my finger out of Kristen and stepped away from her just as the door opened and Lacey and Brad entered.
They looked at us and said, "What have you two been up too?
I turned and looked at Kate. She still stood there with her dress hanging off one shoulder and her breast exposed. She quickly pulled it up. We looked like two kids caught with their hand in the cookie jar.
Lacey laughed and said, "I hope we're not interrupting anything."
Brad added, "You didn't have to pull up your dress. I preferred it the way it was."
We laughed, and I grabbed the cooler from Brad. We all sat down and had another drink. I tried to honor Brad's request by pulling Kristen's dress from her shoulder. Kristen covered her breast with her hand in mock shyness, but removed it quickly and left her breast out for Brad. Brad quickly returned the favor by unbuttoning Lacey's blouse all the way down and pulling it open. It was really very hot sitting there drinking with both girls exposing their breasts.
We decided that playing strip poker as we did last time seemed a little bit lame at this point. I suggested that we each draw a card from the deck, and who ever drew the high card got to tell the others what to do. Everyone agreed.
Lacey drew the high first high card. She asked that Kristen and I show them what we were doing before they arrived. I pulled Kristen to her feet, moved my mouth down to her nipples, moved her dress aside exposing her vulva to their watchful eyes, and slid my hand to her pussy. As I began to finger her, I spread her lips wide to offer them a better view. Kristen's knees began to buckle, so she sat back on the bed. I spread her legs even more and deliberately stroked her hard, little clit. I pulled my finger out of her and said, "Let's draw again."
Kristen drew the high card this time. She said that she and Lacey had been doing all the showing off and that now it was our turn. She told Brad and me to remove our clothes. We couldn't do it fast enough! She then told Brad to stand in front of her, and me to stand in front of Lacey. We did as instructed, and both stood about a foot in front of them. Kristen told us it was their turn to check us out as we had them.
With that, she reached out and grabbed Brad's cock. I was surprised, and excited, since she hadn't ever done this before. Lacey and I watched as she moved his dick around examining it from all angles. As she squeezed his dick, it got even larger. His dick was at least 8 inches long, and thick enough to keep her fingertips at least an inch apart as she encircled it. I knew she liked his cock and had wanted to play with his bulbous, mushroom like dickhead. She began to run her finger lightly around the quarter of an inch of head that stuck out beyond his shaft. His hard cock began to bob up and down with her light caresses.
As Kristen continued playing with Brad's cock, Lacey reached out, grabbed my dick, and began to check it out. It was such a turn on watching Kristen handling another's cock while Lacey was playing with mine. Lacey moved down and was playing with my balls with one hand while she dipped a finger on her other hand into the pre-cum which had begun leaking out. She then ran her slippery finger up and down the underside of the head of my dick. While my dick is quite a bit smaller than Brad's Lacey seemed to be enjoying herself.
I looked over at Kristen to see that she was now stroking Brad's cock. As she stroked with one hand, she kept grabbing the crown of his dick with the tips of her fingers on the other. I could see that he too was turned on. As pre-cum leaked from his dick, Kristen started rubbing the tip of his cock on her hard nipple making it even more erect. Brad reached down and began tugging on her other nipple stretching it out even further. Lacey suddenly released my cock from her grip and said it was time to see who would pick the next high card.
We drew again. My luck was not very good, Brad had won. Brad said he wanted to see Kristen and Lacey rub nipples and pussies like they did the last time we had met. I figured he also wanted us to finger the girls and have fun as we did the last time. Lacey pulled Kristen to her feet, slid her dress off both shoulders, and immediately pulled her closer, so that their bare breasts were touching.
I knew Kristen was not very comfortable with this but she played along. Lacey pulled back a bit and grabbed her own breast while squeezing her brownish nipple outward. She then began rubbing it firmly against Kristen's pink nip. Looking at the contrast between the two breasts and nipples was a big turn on for me. As she rubbed, she pressed one leg between Kristen's.
Lacey then said, "I think it's time for us to rub pussies."
Brad and I agreed, while Kristen made no comment. The girls lay back on the bed with their heads at opposite ends. Lacey moved so that her legs were separated by Kristen's, and began to inch forward. She continued moving until their pussy lips were lightly touching. I sat next to Kristen totally mesmerized by the sight before me. Watching their pussy lips lightly brush against each other was more than hot! Lacey began pressing her pussy more firmly into Kristen. She began reaching down and touching Kristen's clit. Lacey was definitely into this. I was surprised to see Kristen begin grinding her pussy into Lacey. She too seemed to be getting more turned on.
Brad got up from the bed as the girls continued. I thought he was getting another drink, but he returned with a thick, double dildo. Brad showed the girls. Neither had seen one before. It was about a foot long and easily as thick as Brad's cock.
The girls moved apart a bit and Kristen leaned up on her elbows and watched as Brad slipped one end easily into Lacey's hot hole. He then placed the other end against Kristen's pussy lips and slid it up and down her slit as she watched. I didn't see how he could get it into her considering how large the fat head on the dildo was.
Brad slowly started applying pressure. Her lips were stretched wider than I had ever seen them stretched. She said she didn't think it would fit, because she had never had anything that big in her. Brad persevered, and the head of the artificial cock literally popped into her pussy. He slowly inched the rest of the fat dildo into her drenched vagina.
Lacey and Kristen began pushing toward each other until their outer lips touched. They then alternately pushed and pulled, grinding their hot pussies into each other totally burying the dildo within them. Both Kristen and Lacey were moaning loudly as Brad and I played with their breasts and stared at the scene before us.
Lacey moved one hand down so that her fingertips were touching Kate. She touched Kate's taught lips and stroked them lightly. I looked at Kristen and sort of nodded in the direction of Lacey's pussy. She took the hint, slid a hand down, and began to touch Lacey. After a moment, she found Lacey's clit. It took all of about twenty seconds before Lacey started gyrating wildly. Her orgasm, while sudden, was very intense.
Lacey then sat up, and moved backward leaving Kristen with half of the dildo buried in her and half sticking out. I think she felt a bit bad that Kristen hadn't cum. She reached down, grabbed the protruding dildo and started moving the replica cock in and out of her Kristen. Brad and I both concentrated on Kristen's breasts. We alternated sucking on her tits and playing with her nipples.
Lacey turned around so that she could more easily play with Kristen. It certainly seemed like she was curious to do a bit more exploring. She rested her head on Kristen's thigh while she slowly worked the dildo in and out getting a nice close up view. As I watched, Lacey licked her finger and started running it down Kristen's slit from top to bottom. She remoistened her finger every couple of times to keep her well lubricated. Kristen was really enjoying all of the attention. I watched Kristen reach out and try to touch Brad. She couldn't quite reach, but Brad quickly positioned himself closer to her shoulders where she could easily touch him.
Lacey saw that Kristen was playing with Brad's cock again; she smiled at me, and slid her head up Kristen's thigh so that it now rested on her hip. As I watched, she continued to lick her finger and stroke Kristen. Her tongue was so close to Kristen's pussy. I left Kristen's tit and decided to watch Lacey more closely. I sat next to her so that I could see her every move. At the same time, I began to move my hand up her leg toward her pussy. She spread her legs for me, so I moved right up and cupped her vulva.
Lacey continued sticking her tongue out to moisten her finger. Each time it seemed to get closer to touching Kristen. I watched as her tongue finally brushed Kristen's clit. Kristen wasn't even aware it was Lacey's tongue that was touching her. Lacey then placed her tongue along one side of Kristen's clit and her finger on the other gently massaging her with both her finger and tongue.
By now, Kristen had taken her eyes off Brad's huge dick and had seen that Lacey was tonguing her clit. She went back to Brad's cock with increased vigor, and I began sliding two fingers in and out of Lacey's pussy. Lacey slid the big dildo out of Kristen, and inserted first one and then a second finger into her wide-open pussy. I watched intently as she gently explored all of the nooks and crannies inside Kristen's pussy. At the same time she lowered her mouth completely over Kristen's clit and began sucking and licking it.
I couldn't believe that I was sitting here fingering a woman who was eating my wife, while my wife was rubbing her husband's cock. This was something I only fantasized about, not something I ever really though would happen. Lacey moved so that she was kneeling between Kristen's legs. Her butt was up and her mouth down on Kristen, so I had easy access to her gaping pussy. She continued lapping Kristen's clit and slowly worked her mouth downward. She removed her fingers and then began lapping at Kristen's slit. Her tongue buried itself deep into her pussy. While Kristen continued stroking Brad, he had lowered his head to suck on her nipples.
I was amazed that Kristen was going along with, and actually enjoying being eaten by a woman. As Lacey's tongue plunged in and out of Kristen, I fucked Lacey with my thumb, and rubbed her clit between my index and middle finger. Kristen started to moan in a way that I knew she was approaching an orgasm. Lacey also new Kristen was close. She attacked her pussy with even more energy, lapping, sucking and fingering.
I was really working Lacey's clit as she ate. I could easily feel her hard bump between my fingers as she worked her pussy against my hand. Kristen began thrashing about on the bed as she finally reached one of the most intense climaxes she had ever had. As she collapsed back into the bed, Lacey began to show signs of an approaching orgasm. Kristen was still stroking Brad, but reached down with the other hand and grabbed Lacey's breast. As soon a she started to tug on her nipple, Lacey came again with another intense orgasm.
At this point both girls said they needed a bit of a rest. We decided that we'd have another drink and eat some of the snacks that Brad and Lacey had brought with them.
The rest of the events of our evening together are to be continued in Chapter 7. Thanks for reading, and I hope you enjoyed finding out more about how we continued to explore our sexuality.