When we organized the trip to the 10 band music festival I was pretty sure it would be the highlight of the summer. It wasn't as though myself and my two best friends liked all of the same music but the lineup was fantastic and offered at least one band that each of us really wanted to see. More importantly, the event was special because it was occurring two summers after we had graduated from university and between busy lives and living in different cities, our gang had slowly begun to drift apart despite an active online connection. This was to be the first time we would all be together again and I was really looking forward to it.
The concerts began in the early afternoon and were scheduled to go on well past midnight. When I arrived with my reunited besties we spent most of the afternoon and early evening toward the back of the venue and in close proximity to the beer and liquor tents catching up and partying with other random partygoers. The music was amazing and by dusk I was well into the drinks and feeling that this was to be a night with few inhibitions. Though each of us was well lubricated on alcohol the wildest of the bunch, Melissa claimed that tonight was a night we had to take Molly.
The group was unanimous that this had to be our plan but just as the conversation was being had my favorite band took the stage. Melissa and Susan agreed to go in search of our party drugs so that I could try and get close to the stage. We agreed that we would meet back at the booze tent as soon as my band was finished. And so, as I made my way towards the packed crowd my friends went off in search of someone to sell us some E.
The crowd was thick and pretty jammed together but I was determined to make it to the front. The back end wasn't so bad but as I made my way to about the middle of the crowd it became increasingly difficult to move forward. At one point I found myself basically roadblocked. The distance to the stage wasn't great but at my height I really couldn't see as clearly as I wanted to. Looking to my left and to my right didn't offer any clearer path forward and I'd begun to think that I'd made it as close as possible among a crowd that was dancing and thrashing about with endless energy and excitement.
It was at this moment of indecision that I thought I heard someone speaking to me. Looking just behind me I saw an incredibly attractive guy about my age. He was shirtless and well toned from head to toe. He was trying to shout something in my ear but the music and the crowd was so loud that I had to get closer to even have a chance at hearing what he was saying. As my body pushed up against his I suddenly became less focused on getting to the stage and had already begun to consider how I could get this attractive unknown male specimen to follow me anywhere that would allow for a good hard fucking.
Despite the noise I was able to figure out the hottie's name was Mike. We exchanged some noisy small talk about where we were from, how amazing the band was and what a great party it was. I was waiting for him to suggest running off behind a bank of trees I had spotted that looked like a convenient place to hike up my skirt and let this stranger take me with abandon, when I noticed he was holding the hand of the cute girl beside him. So he was friendly, quite handsome and totally doable but likely unavailable. I decided it was time to move on but the only easy path was in reverse and I still wanted to see the band up close.
I yelled at Mike that I was going to try to get to the stage to which he replied, "good luck."
"How bad do you want to get there", he asked? I explained that my friends would be gone for awhile and I really wanted to see the band up close.
"Ok then", he replied.
"The only way you are going to do it is to crowd surf."
"Are you good with that?"
I figured what the fuck. I was separated from my friends, it was my favorite band and I had had lots of alcohol for courage.
"Ok", I said. "How do I do it?"
And with that, Mike and several other guys around me had me hoisted into the air before I could think about any of the dangers of this plan. Though I'd never crowd surfed before I'd certainly seen it in videos. At first, it was an amazing feeling to be floating on the hands of many surfing forward among the mass of strangers. At times I would wobble to one side and worried that I might be dropped but there was a continuous relay of hands willing to continue propelling me forward. It was an amazing view for someone as short as I am and I was starting to make real forward progress though at the rate I was being handed from someone beneath me to the next set of bodies before me it would easily take a few songs to get all of the way to the front of the stage.
It couldn't have been more than a minute before I started to consider the vulnerability of my situation. What had initially seemed as a fun and convenient way to move forward soon presented the realization that the real convenience was for the opportunistic hands that were keeping me above the crowd. At any particular moment it felt like at least five sets of hands were shuttling me about but at times it felt like many more. The real point was that not only were the hands holding me aloft but many of them took the opportunity to roam freely across my body. At first I felt the unknown strange hands that were likely both male and female making grabs at my ass. It was though it had started out safe and just clean fun but as soon as one started grabbing it was like an unspoken invitation for those around to do the same.
My forward progress seemed to slow as the multitude of hands became more bold. At one point it was obvious that I wasn't actually moving in any particular direction and my body became a free sexual exploration for any who dared. Both of my breast were being grabbed and squeezed as other hands that had been satisfied with simply coping a cheap feel of my ass now dared to move under my skirt.
To say that the moment was surreal just doesn't come close to painting an accurate picture of my predicament though this story could not be told honestly without the admission that despite the evolution of the moment, I had done nothing to suggest I was unwilling or that I wanted down.
Held aloft and in place for the moment by the hands of unknown and uncounted strangers I simply submitted as hands moved under my light shirt and bra and now also under my panties. At least two fingers had found there way inside my wet lips as other strange hands pawed at my breasts and squeezed my nipples. I overheard several loud male voices scream out that they wanted a feel and so my body was propelled slightly forward for new sets of hands of whatever diverse ages to explore my willing body.
I can't honestly say if it was the alcohol that had turned me into such a wanton slut or whether deep down I simply realized that this was an opportunity to give my body up to the experience of being touched and enjoyed by strangers. Whatever it was, the moment was thrilling beyond anything I had fantasized about in the past and I was locked in the moment and willing to let it continue.
It probably should not have been a surprise but of course it was probably inevitable when I began to feel my panties being removed. As I looked over my shoulder I saw the proud young guy that had likely not yet enjoyed a body such as mine, claiming victory at having captured my panties while he unabashedly held them to his face as the immediate crowd cheered him on.
I was aware that my light summer skirt was now bunched around my waist and though it was quite dark by this time I knew that with the concert lighting, there were moments that my sex was both visible and completely on display and yet I made no move to try to cover up or bring my crowd surfing to an end.
There was an up and down depending on the changing height of my handlers and as I moved forward I noticed a consistent effort to have my legs spread apart whenever the persons to my right and left seemed to work together. I didn't bother trying to look to see who was holding and probing or fondling me. It only enhanced the thrill to close my eyes, take in the music and revel in the thrill of being the sexual object to so many unknown strangers.
At one point I cocked my head forward and saw that I was less than one hundred feet from the stage. Forward progress was slow moving as each passing person took the opportunity to either finger me or grab at my tits and ass. I lost count of how many men and women had touched my body and figured that at this point, it was pointless to stop it not to mention, that I was enjoying every minute of it.
I figured I was no more than half a song from landing at the very front of the stage when all of the sudden I was held in place by the current group of groping hands. I felt my legs stretched quite wide followed immediately by the unmistakable sensation of a tongue on my clitoris. My head jerked up to see the cocky expression of a guy who had decided to take my exhibitionist fantasies to the next level. It was an excited but impatient crowd but before I could even pause to conceive that I was essentially naked above a crowd of concert strangers having my pussy licked, my first benefactor was pulled out of the way so that his buddy could have a taste. Not to be outdone, licker number two's female friend announced she had to have a taste which created an eruption of applause equal to any the band had received.
So enthralled was the crowd at seeing one hot chick licking and fingering another that nobody tried to pull her out of the way. As for my part, I simply continued to submit and enjoy the feelings of her fingers and tongue while others massaged and grasped at my breasts and hardened nipples. When I came it was an orgasm unlike any I had ever imagined. I don't know how long I was held in place while the unknown dark skinned brunette licked me with great skill nor how much longer I was suspended while a mind shattering orgasm coursed through my body but eventually I ended up seated on the muddy grass surrounded the immediate crowd of onlookers who had witnessed my very public orgasm. The woman who I owed such great thanks for her oral pleasure was seated beside me and hugging me. Someone passed us a joint and we both took deep drags. I couldn't hear anything over the noise and was so lost in post orgasmic bliss that not much of anything was registering.
My newfound female friend asked me if I wanted to go up again but a shake of my head let her know I'd had more than enough of that experience. Strangely, I felt secure in her presence and though all manner of persons had taken liberty with my body while surfing, now back on the ground I felt secure and unthreatened.
There were many males around us and though it was obvious that they were horny beyond belief none of them made a move to take it further though I might have let one of them mount me if they had been so bold.