Mom looked sad as she came into the kitchen with two plates, setting one in front of me and then at her place before she sat down.
"Isn't dad joining us?" I asked.
Mom just shook her head. "That was him who just called. He's working late... again."
On one hand, I could sympathize with her. He had said he'd be home at 5:30 this evening and was looking forward to the chicken parm that mom had promised -- his favorite dish and with good reason. On the other hand, though, dad was an accountant, and it was tax prep season.
"Mom," I said hoping to console her. "It is tax season you know."
"I know," she said. "And I understand. Your father works hard, and this is his busiest time of the year."
She smiled at me, and I think she was actually o.k.
The chicken parm was incredible along with the home-made garlic bread she'd made. I could have eaten dad's portion too, but I did have to end promptly at 6:30 so I could get ready for, my umm, homework.
Did that sound like complete B.S.? Well, it was. Truth be told, I had a very un-healthy porn addiction and at 7:00, my favorite show was going to start. Mom and dad had no idea and really thought that I was shut away in my room every night studying away so I could graduate with honors from high school. I didn't worry too much about what they'd do when the grades came in, showing that I had dropped from an A-level student to a C-level. After all, I had already been accepted to the University of Maryland.
"Don't you want dessert?" Mom asked as I got up from the table.
"Dessert?" I inquired.
"Now Ken, I admire your good habit of starting your homework promptly after dinner, but I also know you love my tiramisu and I just happened to make one while you were at school today. Interested?" she asked.
Well, I did have a few more minutes and I could tell she wanted some company just a little longer so how could I have said no.
Being a good Italian American family, espresso after dinner was the norm and I took one with me upstairs. The extra shot of caffeine always got me a little more excited as I looked forward with anticipation to whatever Xandrina had in store for me tonight.
Xandrina. Oh Xandrina.
I had no idea what her real name was, but I had become obsessed with Xandrina's show on my favorite triple-X site. Xandrina is a beauty but not in the traditional sense: She's not some slutty looking, stereotypical porn star with fake breasts, fake blonde hair and too much make-up. No, Xandrina is a petite young woman with pale skin, a slender body and very, very tiny breasts. Maybe I've seen too much porn in the run-up to my 18 years but with all the big, fake breasts on the porn channels, I've started to take a liking to the smaller things in life. Then there is her face, that sweet-looking face adorned with sapphire blue eyes, full but natural lips, high cheekbones and all adorned with her naturally red hair presented in a pixie-style which makes her sweet face stand out more.
Xandrina may look sweet but she's a very naughty girl. Her show consists of her travels to un-named destinations where she teases the audience before inviting into her hotel room, her unsuspecting conquest of the night. How Xandrina pulls off the hidden camera from being noticed, I never could figure out, but she was no doubt a pro. The guys she had over were not porn stars faking to be amateurs and they seemed to have no idea they were being filmed for the whole world to see. Who knows how many relationships she had broken up after the girlfriends/wives found out about the videos? Who knows if she had ever been sued and arrested? All I knew was that I was in love with her and myself fantasized about being in a hotel room some day with her (but on a night when her hidden camera failed).
Up the stairs I went and into my room, closing the door tightly behind. Seven minutes to go. I sat down at my desk, put in the earphones, and clicked over to my naughty website and into the waiting room for Xandrina.
Xandrina was already there, looking as lovely as ever. She was using this time to engage in the chat room which had already filled up. Xandrina had a big audience for the evening.
Chat 1: "Hey baby, what's gonna happen tonight?"
Xandrina: "Hey baby, Xandrina is going to have a LOT of fun tonight."
Chat 2: "Who's the guy going to be?"
Xandrina: "Oh you'll see. Let's just say that he's hung. Really, really hung."
Chat 3: "What are you going to do with him?"
Rather than type back, Xandrina opened her mouth to the camera making an O with her beautiful lips. She then moved her head forward and backward, simulating fellatio.
Chat 3: "Hot! I can't wait to see your mouth in action."
I decided to give it a go and put in my chat.
Me: "Are you getting horny?"
Xandrina: "Yes honey, Xandrina is very horny tonight."
Me: "What turns you on more? Us watching you or what you're doing with your guests."
Xandrina laughed and didn't respond.
Chat 4: "Are you wet?"
Xandrina: "Very moist, warm and ready."
Chat 4: "Oh you bad girl you."
Like she did with me, Xandrina laughed again.
So many women in porn it seems, are just acting and acting badly. The orgasms are all fake and over the top and its obvious they're just doing what they're doing to get paid and probably aren't really enjoying it. I got the feeling by Xandrina's demeanor in her chats with us though that she was different. She was her own woman and wasn't some pawn being used by shady characters behind the scenes.
Xandrina sat back and looked at us seductively as she slowly raised her hands to her chest. She gently massaged her left breast through her low-cut, loose-fitting linen shirt. She wasn't wearing a bra and I immediately sprang to full attention in my pants with this very sexy method of tease and seduction.
Chat 5: "Show us your titties."
Chat 6: "Take it off."
Me: "No. Keep doing what you're doing."
Xandrina looked a little closer and smiled. I think it was in response to my note.
She made a heart shape with her hands around her breasts and then as she brought her hands together and downward, they slipped below the view of the camera. She looked directly at us for a minute and then her head started to roll back. Her long neck was on full display as she looked toward the ceiling. She was now masturbating, and I was tempted to join her, but I didn't want to get too worked up and release before the main event. The chat room was going crazy.
I neglected to say that Xandrina never had the sound on in any of her shows. While she was clearing enjoying her solo show, she stopped abruptly and looked directly at us, then started to type into the chat.
Xandrina: "My phone is ringing. I wonder who that could be?"
Xandrina reached out off-screen and picked up her smart phone. She wasn't on the phone long at all before she hung up and started to type.
Xandrina: "O.K. my sweet little audience. Xandrina is about to have company, so I want all of you to kick back and enjoy the show."
She stood up and did whatever she does to conceal the hidden camera. Then, she got up from the desk in front of the bed and moved beside the bed, into the light shone by the two lamps on both sides of the bed. She had a very short white skirt on that blended in nicely with her alabaster, smooth, long legs.
While she waited, she got down on the bed on her hands and knees and simulated getting fucked from behind while we awaited her stud for the evening.
She stopped, looked away off-screen, then back at us and smiled with a look of mischief. He had arrived we knew as she got up and exited off-screen.
Who would it be, I wondered as she was now out of view? All the guys before had been ones in their 20s and 30s and good looking.
She appeared with her hand outstretched as she led her victim of pleasure into the view of the camera. He was... Oh no.
Oh shit, it was my dad!
The chatroom really lit up as my 55-year-old, somewhat overweight father came into view. So, this is what "working late" looked like.
Chat 1: "Wow, Xandrina's standards have really gone down."
Chat 2: "Damn, that dude's kinda fat."
Chat 3: "WTF Xandrina!"
Yes, WTF indeed. My father, the very busy accountant was spending the busiest time of the year cheating on my mom. Was this his first? I wondered. How did Xandrina and he meet and wait a minute... if he and Xandrina are about to do the nasty, Xandrina is here tonight in Dayton.
"Oh man," I said to myself. "The love of my life is here in my own town but instead of me, she's going to fuck my dad and for the whole world to see."
What was I going to do? Should I stay or should I go and do some homework?
I couldn't bear to look at the chatroom anymore as most of the comments were about how old and out of shape my dad was.
Xandrina, on the other hand had her arms around his neck as she stood on her tiptoes to reach his mouth. He meanwhile had his big hands running down her back and was massaging her ass through her skirt. What they were saying to each other couldn't be heard but when he bent down to kiss her and she let him, my heart sank. I had never seen Xandrina kiss one of her others before. Why my dad? Did she really have a thing for older men and if so, why my dad who wasn't exactly stud material.
Dad and Xandrina separated as he walked across the camera and to the other side, out of the view of the camera. Xandrina stayed in her position by the bed and as she looked at him off-screen, she slowly unbuttoned her blouse, seductively opening it for him (and us) to see before letting it drop off her perfectly sculptured body and onto the floor.
There were those tiny little breasts that I loved so much. Alabaster white, smooth and capped off by those two succulent pink nipples. There was her flat stomach and the tiny waistline that stood above the top of her skirt which she started to slowly pull down... slowly. As it descended those long legs, her shaved pussy appeared and once again, the combox started to go wild.
Xandrina was now naked except for her high heels which she didn't remove. She said something to him and pointed to the bed and then dad re-appeared into the camera view.
Climbing into the bed was my buck-naked, hairy father. The combox's comments went from a hate fest to a WOW fest as they took note of his very large, very erect penis that shot out of his hairy pubic bush like a rocket.
"Damn," I thought looking at him. "I guess mine took after mom's side of the family.
Xandrina had dad where she wanted him -- positioned in the center of the bed, directly in front of the hidden camera, on his back with his erection up in the air. She seductively crawled into the bed and after kissing him again, she started to go down on him.
She put her tongue into his ear and then ran it down his neck, taking a gentle bite on it to not leave a hickey.
She was careful and strategic not to get on top of him because she wanted us to see the whole thing. My unsuspecting father just laid there, oblivious to the fact that he was now a hidden-cam porn star and let her have her way as she came to his hairy chest and proceeded to suck his right nipple before she made her way down to his not-so-flat stomach where she stopped to run that beautiful pink tongue around then inside his belly button.
Dad's big feet were closest to the camera, and I noticed his toes going crazy as she left his navel and coming down the slope of his belly, landed her mouth onto the big, throbbing, mushroom head of his penis.
Suck it. Suck it. Suck it, the combox said but Xandrina wasn't in a hurry.
She took her tongue and licked the mushroom top like a lollypop. Dad's whole body was now trembling as she did that and ran her tongue down the long, fat shaft. She licked both sides of his penis up and down while looking directly at us.
Dad was clearly in another world as he trembled and looked down at her, his mouth wide open as he surely must have been wondering how this was happening to him. He put his finger into his mouth which I thought was weird but then he took that wet, spit-glistened finger and his hand disappeared behind Xandrina's backside, thus explaining why he had gotten it wet.
Xandrina lifted her head up for a minute and sighed as he started to finger her from behind. She regained her composure for a minute and then lifted that head up and then with a wide-open mouth, took my father's penis inside that mouth.
This man had not only a long one but a thick one and I was impressed how tiny little Xandrina was able to go so deep as she bobbed up and down on his manhood.
I felt wrong looking at this and even worse that I was fully erect myself inside my jeans. There was no way I was going to masturbate while Xandrina was doing what she was doing with my dad. So why didn't I just turn off the computer and do my calculus homework?
Xandrina re-positioned herself on top of him so she could... Wow!... So, she could deep-throat him all the way down to his testicles!
Dad's big legs raised up and down and the muscles in his feet flexed as he realized what she was doing. I, a virgin, can't begin to imagine how good it must have felt as he felt her warm esophagus welcomed his throbbing penis all the way inside. Even though we couldn't see it, he himself was busy with his face between Xandrina's legs as hers was between his.
After a while of their heated 69, dad took control. He got up and pulled Xandrina to the edge of the bed where she was closer to the camera. What was about to happen?
With his back -- and his big ass -- towards us, he put one foot up on the bed and the other on the floor and then lowered himself onto her open mouth. Xandrina opened wide as he dipped his low-hanging, bull-sized testicles into her mouth. I had heard of tea-bagging before but had never seen it in a video until now.
"Oh Xandrina," I said quietly so mom wouldn't hear. "You break my heart sucking my dad's nuts instead of mine."
And that she did as she lifted her head and let him dip his testicles in and out of her mouth.
Chat 1: "Tea-bagging slut."
Chat 2: "Impressive."
Chat 3: "Now that's my girl."
Chat 4: "I wonder if he does that to his wife?"
No more looking at the chat.
I couldn't see dad's face but considering that I now considered him an asshole, I (and everyone else online) did get an up-close look at his very hairy asshole in-between his big ass. Not enjoying the site of that, I tried to stay focused on his nuts taking the plunge into Xandrina's mouth. Was she enjoying this? Did she like the taste of his sweaty, hairy balls? I dunno but there's no question dad was enjoying himself as he bent up and down, tea-bagging her as deep as he could.
As I continued to watch with my unwanted, petrified penis wanting desperately to be stroked, I noticed dad's testicles were starting to draw up. He was getting close.
It was at that point that he lifted up and shoved his penis all the way into her throat. I saw Xandrina's eyes open wide as she wasn't prepared for this, but he was in charge now and was down her throat as he bent forward and pumped her mouth as he now had her legs up and was licking her pussy.
"I won't jack off. I won't jack off, I won't jack off," I said to myself as he fucked her throat.
I was mad at him for being with Xandrina instead of me. I was mad at him for lying about working late. I was mad at him about cheating on mom. But I couldn't take my eyes off his big ass shaking, big testicles slapping Xandrina's chin and his big penis going down her throat as he...
Oh no.
Without warning, my throbbing member couldn't take it any longer and I started to ejaculate into my pants as my dad was ejaculating into Xandrina's mouth. It felt incredible and yet so wrong.
I hadn't ejaculated in a week, so it was a big mess in my pants and as I watched dad get up and withdraw -- still hard -- he had left a big load in Xandrina.
Dad exited off-screen and Xandrina rolled over and looked at us. She looked exhausted but opened her mouth to show some of his semen inside before she closed and swallowed.
After dad had gotten back into his suit, he bent down to kiss Xandrina -- right in the mouth -- who was still on the bed recovering from the ordeal. After he left, that was the end of that. Xandrina smiled and waved at us then turned off the show. There was no post-show chat like there usually was. I'm sure she WAS tired and needed some rest.
A half-hour later, I heard dad's car pull-up into the driveway and garage. The wicked cheating SOB was home at last.