It was 5:30 in the afternoon, I had worked all day, and I was tired, ready to relax, and glad to be home. I opened the front door, picked up the paper on the porch, and pretty much backed in. When I turned to go into the living room, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a figure standing by the hallway. I turned toward the figure and what I saw hit me like a runaway train. Standing at the end of the hall, facing away from me, bent over at the waist, naked and with her back arched, her legs apart, looking at me over her bare shoulder, was my wife, smiling at me with a look that said, 'What do you think? You like what you see.'
I could see her lovely pussy between her legs, shaved, pink, glistening, and splayed. Her long, sexy legs, and her wonderful bottom were there for me to admire. She was posed, standing still, looking at me over her shoulder and smiling. I approached her, put my hand on the small of her back, and said I liked what I was seeing. She stood still, said this was pose number one, and once a week I would get a new one when I got home each week on Friday. She held the pose as I walked around her, inspecting the living statue in front of me. I loved it. The living sculpture was beautiful and as sexy as a man could stand.
"How did you decide on the pose?" I asked.
Staying in the pose, she explained she had gone through my magazines and decided which ones she thought I would like. I said this was a good choice. "You seem to like 'pussy' shots," she said with a saucy grin, "so I decided to start with this one. So you like it?"
"I love it," I said.
"Each Friday, after you get home and admire your pose, I will stay naked until the weather changes and it is too cold," I will cook nude, eat nude, and be there for you to admire and ogle and worship. You do like me nude, right?"
"I love you anyway I can get you, but nude is my favorite condition. Nude and below me, that is," I said.
"What about nude and above you, like cowgirl?" she asked, still holding the pose.
"I love you above me, as well," I said. "So you will do one a week?" I asked.
"It will give you something to look forward to as you work," she said, still holding the pose and smiling. "I will give you fifteen minutes each Friday, then the rest of the night I will be naked for you," she said, "and do whatever you'd like for the rest of the day."
We had been married for five years at that point. Our sex life was good, but every-day-life had been taking a toll on our sexual frequency. We had been having sex less often than in the early years, but her pose-a-week idea put an immediate charge back into our lives.
Each week at work I thought everyday about what that week's pose would be. Each week, after the pose, we would have sex and it was intense and exciting. She came up with the idea of having it where I found the pose, so I not only didn't know what the pose would be, but I also didn't know where I would find it.
We had met in college and it was not instant for her. I fell for her, but she says now that she didn't like me all that much at first. She thought I was arrogant and full of myself. Most likely she was partly right, although I say I was more shy than conceited, more insecure than egotistical, more unassertive than self-centered. I think I was trying to hide a shy person by acting self-assured.
It took me a few months to get her to notice me. Once she did it got easier and she agreed to go out with me after five months of walking on egg shells around her. It was fairly obvious that it wasn't love at first sight for her. I spent a lot of time trying to convince her I was worth a try.
Finally, she agreed to sample the merchandise, and we went to dinner and a movie.
From the beginning our sex was extraordinary, and I thought I had died and gone to heaven. She was willing to try just about anything, although I tried to keep my requests away from kinky. She was willing to experiment with new positions, and we had sex often, probably five or six times a week.
The second Friday, after discovering my first backdoor pose, I came into the house, eager to see what my second week pose was going to be. I came in the front door and she was not at the hallway entrance. I looked in the family room, nothing. The house was quiet and I searched each room, not expecting the kitchen to be the place I'd find her. Finally, I went to the kitchen and there on the counter was Claire sitting next to the sink on a beach towel facing me, with her legs up and her knees wide apart, looking off to the side.
Her pussy was splayed open and wet, it looked like she had worked up an orgasm just before she struck the pose. She held the pose, but motioned with her head down towards her wet slit, as if inviting me to dine on her wares.
I moved towards her and followed her eyes down to her pussy, offering me a treat. There was a chair in front of where she sat, and if I sat in the chair my face would be right at the level of her mound. I sat down, leaned forward, and kissed her pussy. Then I put out my tongue and swiped it the length of her slit, going from the bottom all the way to the top, where her clitoris peeked out at me.
I put my tongue out and pushed it into her, going as deep as I could reach. She took in a quick breath as my tongue touched her clitoris. As I ate her she put a hand on top of my head and pulled me into her. My nose pushed against her mushy sex. I ate her for twenty minutes and she held the pose for ten more minutes as I set the table for dinner, which she had warming for us in the oven.
She stayed nude all that evening and we watched some television and she snuggled nude against me as we watched. We kissed some during commercials and at ten we went to bed and made love before falling off to sleep. It was the end of a wonderful day, one I always will remember.
All during the following week I thought about the next Friday's pose and nothing else. On the third Friday I came home at the regular time. Again the house was quiet and I searched through each room. I found her on the bed on her stomach with her legs up in back, her forehead down on the pillow, her eyes closed and waiting.
I sat down in the overstuffed chair in the corner and just admired the sight on the bed. I sat for five minutes before I went to the bed and kissed her on the bare bottom. She crossed her feet and arched her back, opening her cheeks so I could see her anus. I knelt on the bed and leaned over and ran my tongue the length of the sweet crack between her buns. My tongue came in contact with the warm circle around her anus.
I circled her anus with my tongue and then pushed it in her tiny hole as far as I could. She sighed and dropped her head. "Oh yes," she said as I licked around her little brown orifice. She parted her legs for me and I undressed without removing my tongue from her bottom. When I was naked, I settled on the bed on my stomach, keeping my mouth against her rear.
She came from my tongue and lips soon after and we collapsed on the bed in a naked heap. In a while we went into the kitchen and we fixed dinner, each of us nude and we ate without getting dressed. After dinner we sat and talked about our days, then went off to bed and once again had sex. It was more making love than fucking, but it was hot and delightful.
The following Friday, I couldn't wait to get home and find my pose. When I get to the family room I found Claire near the sofa, naked, sitting on a ball, her legs stretched out and with her hand between her thighs, her fingers in her pussy, clearly masturbating with her eyes closed and her mouth partly open. She was wearing only shoes and socks. I stood watching her quietly, enjoying the sight before me.
Clare opened her eyes and motioned me with her head to join her. I went to where she was and she took her figures out of her pussy and held them out to me. I took her fingers into my mouth and sucked the foam from her hand. I kept her fingers in my mouth and sucked them like a lollipop. She smiled at me as I held her wet fingers, licking them with my tongue, enjoying them and their lemony taste.
After we ate, we cuddled on the couch, had sex again and we went to bed and ended the week with a slow and deliberate session of end-of-the-week lovemaking. Saturday morning we stayed in bed, made love, and dozed for another hour.
The next Friday I found her in the laundry room, totally naked, sitting on the washing machine, her legs hanging down over the appliance and her head back and arms behind her and her hands on the top of the machine in back of her. I undressed as she posed on the machine, then I fucked her as she sat on the washer with her knees up and her splayed pussy open and available and juicy.
With one hand she reached over and flipped on the machine and it started vibrating and sending bolts of excitement through her. I was fucking her as the vibrating machine shook below us. I think the machine made her come even without me. We finished that night with dinner, a dessert of a pussy sundae, and a sleep inducing fuck after dessert.
Last night was Friday and I got home at 5:15 and found her in the backyard sitting with her legs spread out wide with her head tilted and her arms behind her back, with her hands on the deck behind her. She was in the perfect position for oral sex and I got between her thighs on my stomach and put my face at her slit. She placed both hands on my head and held me tight.
I lapped with my tongue and curled it to collect moisture as I moved it up between her labia. She brought her knees up and pushed them apart, giving me wonderful access to her pink and lovely opening. She cooed and groaned and took in a large breath. I put a hand on each of her thighs and opened her even more.
"Oh, God yes," she said and pushed on my head. After a few minutes I moved up until my cock was in position and she was on her back on the deck. She pulled her knees up and opened as wide as she would go. I began moving in and out slowly, then picking up the pace. We fucked there in the patio until we both came. She squealed as she climaxed and I held her tight against me. Our orgasm went on for a long while and we both were spent and we slumped into a mass of tired flesh.
She showed me the poses yet to come. In one she was standing, facing away from me, her hands on her sexy, naked legs, looking to the side, as if I wasn't there. Her bottom would be the focus and it would be scrumptious. There was one with her on her knees, her back swayed, her head hanging down, her bottom cheeks slightly spread and her legs apart. She asked me if I liked the one she showed me a picture of where a woman was sitting with her arms behind her, her knees apart, and her chin down on her chest and her eyes lowered, like she was shy and slightly embarrassed by showing her pussy.
Actually, if she was doing the pose, and was naked, I liked them all. She had given me weeks of creative attempts to make things interesting, and that is just what she has done. Each of her weekly poses have been in a different part of the house, in a different position, and each has inspired a great evening of sex and togetherness and lust. The poses are somewhat alike, but where they are in the house is as important as the difference of the poses. She is a devoted wife who I could not ask for more.
I have written down what we have done and tried to give you readers some idea of the creative and interesting things my wife will do to make our lives more fascinating. I could not ask for more from a mate, and I am so grateful that she finally saw something worthwhile in me. It has been an interesting life together, but her attempts to liven things up certainly added a dimension I could not have anticipated. She has been a marvel, going out of her way to make our lives entertaining, exciting, and anything but dull, and that is all a man can ask for. Nothing can be better.