At 07:45 Katie stepped out of her apartment and on to the sidewalk.
No more than 2 minutes after Katie had left the apartment her two friends returned laughing and giggling and clutching some clothes for her to wear on her first day to work. They hadn't realised what a state of panic she would have worked herself in to over the blouse and skirt and they certainly hadn't realised that in a panic of confusion and emotion she would have actually worn them on her first day!
Katie didn't want to be late and although it was still early she decided that she should leave and allow herself extra time to deal with any mishaps. She had only walked a few steps around the corner from the apartment, but already the panels of her skirt had begun swaying from side to side and exposing her to the world.
The slits on each side were opening wide and her legs were being left naked from ankle to hip. As she continued to walk she noticed was just how free her boobs were under the newly tailored blouse. They stood out proudly from her chest, pushing her achingly erect nipples forward through the thin fabric of her blouse. Each step she took swung them gently from side to side and with each swing of her arms she was in danger of them falling out of either the front or the side of the blouse. The openings below each breast were also causing her concern. The swaying motion was causing them to open wider and as the blouse moved from side to side they would ride with it and expose more and more of the lower portion of each breast. Unknown to Katie, the motion of her swaying boobs had actually caused the openings in front to tear and they now stretched across the full width of the blouse in front. A good 3 inches of lower breast was now showing at each time she took a step and she was now exposing the bottom of each aureola.
She had tried keeping her arms at her sides to hold down the sides of the blouse and skirt at the same time but the swaying motion of her boobs was starting to pull the blouse further apart in the middle and her mass of exposed cleavage was now wide enough that she was showing the edge of each nipple. She decided that she could not manage to correct both the exposure of the skirt and blouse and so had to choose one. Katie thought quickly and crossed her arms in front in order to cradle her boobs and to prevent any mishap. Her skirt panels were now free to swing from side to side whilst dancing across her thighs as she walked. Although safe in the knowledge that she had lowered the waistband on her hips to provide more cover, the material swung more freely from side to side and flipped around as she bounced along. She hadn't realised that she was now giving passersby a generous view of her gorgeous ass cheeks.
The office was only a 20 minute bus ride from the apartment. As she was arriving at the bus stop a bus was just pulling in. Not wanting to be late, and forgetting her dilemma, she began to quicken her pace to a walk/jog. For anyone lucky enough to have been watching, the sight was nothing short of spectacular. Her skirt panels danced and danced and now not only was she showing almost the entire lower portion of her ass, the front panel was being flicked up and down and from side to side and there was nothing to obscure the view of her pussy and her little tuft of hair.
As she boarded the bus she was relieved to see that it was almost empty. The driver was paying attention to the road and hadn't noticed her plight and there were just two young school boys and an elderly lady sat at the front. She decided to sit at the back out of sight.
Once at the back of the bus Katie began check her blouse and skirt to make sure they were still in place. Her antics hadn't gone unnoticed by the two school boys both of who had moved toward the back of the bus. They were now sat in front of her and both were both leaning over the seat for a better view. Katie's focus was still on her clothing, but some nearby giggles made her stop. She quickly looked up straight and found herself looking straight at two grinning faces that were now just a couple of feet away from her.
Katie tried to shoo the boys away and tried to secure some degree of modesty by wrapping her arms across her chest, but the two boys weren't going anywhere! After a few minutes the two boys were becoming more daring and one of them moved from his seat and came and sat next to Katie. He couldn't believe how gorgeous she was, but his main focus was now on her clothing...or lack of it.
Not wanting to miss the opportunity he quickly reached up and brazenly forced his hand inside her blouse and grabbed one of her huge boobs. Katie tried to resist but she was acutely aware of how a struggle might cause more damage to her blouse and so she could only feebly wriggled whilst the boys hand groped her boob, first one and then the other. Watching the amazing scene unfold before him the second boy joined his friend and without hesitation her thrust his hand under Katie's skirt and pushed his fingers between her thighs. Katie was fighting a losing battle and the probing fingers soon found her pussy. Despite her valiant efforts to pull the boys hands away, both her boobs were now clear of her blouse and were being groped whilst two fingers were now working between back and forward between her pussy lips.
Katie was beginning to forget her dilemma. The roaming hands were proving too much for her to resist, as was the heat forming in her pussy. The situation now had Katie so turned on that she had already dropped her arms from her boobs and she had also let the invading hands to pull her legs open allowing unrestricted access to her pussy. Both boys were also strugglng to contain their excitement. Each had raging hard-ons and quickly unzipped their pants to let there cocks spring free. Each grabbed one of Katie's hands and wrapped them around their cocks. Without thinking Katie began to pump each cock furiously.
Katie's head had rolled back against the seat and although she hadn't realised it, she was now forcing her pussy down and on to the probing fingers at her pussy. The two boys couldn't believe what they were seeing and began to increase their efforts. Within seconds it was a frenzy of activity. The hands on her boobs had had now been joined by the mouth of the first boy who had begun sucking firmly on each nipple. Whilst one hand roughly groped one boob his mouth sucked greedily on the other. He was sucking hard on Katie's erect nipples, moving quickly between each. The second boy was now bent at the waist allowing Katie to continue to pump his cock whilst burying his face in her pussy. With two fingers thrusting in and out he now also had his tongue flicking and sucking her clit.
Katie could feel an orgasm quickly building and within seconds she began to moan loudly as her body began to buck and tremble. Each boy pulled back and stared in awe at the sight before them. It was now proving too much for them and pulling their cocks free of Katie's grasp they began jerking them madly. Cum instantly erupted on to her chest. Within seconds Katie was coated in thick white cum, there was so much that her nipples were now barely visible. The boys kept jerking and endless streams of cum splashed on to her gorgeous body.
Katie's head was still rolled back and her eyes were now shut as her orgasm continued to crash over her. Each boy quickly took advantage of her disheveled state and using their phones they began taking photos. Her legs were parted and both boobs were hanging out of the front of the blouse, each dripping with thick cum. Their phones drank in the image before them and within seconds they had plenty of shots to remember her by.
As Katie began to regain her composure and the boys quickly tucked their cameras, and their cocks, away. As the bus pulled in to the next stop the two boys quickly turned and ran to the front. Fearing that Katie might raise the alarm they both quickly jumped through the doors as they began to open. Another older lady had boarded the bus and was complaining to the driver about the two boys that had almost knocked her down. Thankfully, neither had noticed Katie who was now sat staring at the two boys who were stood on the sidewalk. As the bus began to pull away they stood blowing kisses and waving their phones. It wouldn't be long before Katie became a celebrity in their school, their town...and on the internet!
For the next few minutes Katie sat motionless. Her breathing was beginning to settle and as her head had begun to clear. She soon realised that her blouse was wide open and both boobs were on full display. She was also embarrassed to see that she still had both legs wide open and her wet pussy was there for all to see. She quickly closed her legs and pulled her blouse back in to place.
She couldn't believe what had just happened. She wanted to report the two boys and was just about to go and speak to the driver when she stopped and let her mind run back over the last few minutes. What could she say; dressed as she was nobody would believe her. More worrying to Katie was the fact that she had enjoyed the assault, although she tried to deny it, her body had betrayed her. Her pussy was still on fire and her nipples were now so erect they were almost ripping through her blouse. She decided that there was nothing she could do and so tried to turn her mind to her first day at work and more importantly to her clothing.
She began to examine her blouse and skirt. The assault by the two boys had taken its toll, the stress and strain of wriggling in her seat had stretched them and she could see a couple of seams on the blouse had been pulled open. Worst of all though was that that her blouse was now stuck to her cum soaked boobs and it was now almost entirely transparant. Katie tried in vain to clean as much cum from her boobs as she could but with nothing to use to wipe herself clean she had no chocie but to scoop up what she could with her fingers and then lick them clean. At first she almost gagged on the taste but after a few of scoops she found that it was not that unpleasant and she actually began to enjoy it, so much so that she was now slowly sucking her fingers to in order to taste as much as she could. She had cleaned quite a lot of cum from her chest but the damange had been done and the blouse was soaked.
The skirt was doing better than the blouse, but not by much. The top button on the waistband had come off and the skirt was now riding obscenely low on her hips, so low that she thought she could now clearly see her tuft of pussy hair in front and there was an obscene amount of ass crack showing at the back. It was also now very loose and she didn't want to risk it slipping all the way down her legs. She decided that once at the office she would be able to find something to pin it in place but for now she decided to role the top of the waistband down again so it tightened slightly and so she could pull it higher on her hips without fear of it slipping down. It worked, but she had now just given away the half an inch of length to the skirt that she had achieved earlier by lowering it the first place. Perhaps she had actually given away a little more! Also, by rolling down the waistband the tops of the triangular slits had been widened futher.
Katie checked her reflection in the bus window. Her blouse was moulded to her boobs and the soaking it had received had caused it to stretch futher. Not that the soaked material offered much cover, but now what there was had been minimalised as the front gaped open to show a mass of cleavage. It was nothing short of pornographic. Glancing down she took more comfort from her skirt which had at least remained dry and had more or less survived the bus ride.
At the next stop Katie quickly left the bus and began a short walk to the office. She was glad that it was a warm day as the blouse quickly began to dry. It was still earlier and although she had gotten a lot of admiring looks from passersby, and an endless number of whistles and shouts, there were not yet that many people about and Katie managed to arrive at the office without further incident.