This is a 100% true story that took place quite a few years ago. Hi, I'm Belinda and this was an exciting sexual experience I set up for my boyfriend at the time. I was all of 19 years old, he was 21, and we'd been together for a little more than a year. We'd met at work. To be honest, he barely caught my eye, but we'd talk when he initiated conversation and when he asked me out I didn't see a reason to say no. He was quite the gentleman, above average in looks, built well and when we were together, he focused on me 100%. He opened doors for me, made me smile and held my hand when we walked anywhere. After dating for a few months, I realized I was falling in love.
Back then I was five feet three inches tall with a curvy body. I was nowhere near fat but my 36C boobs had no sag above my flat belly and 25" waist. My 38" hips were thanks to my high firm butt and muscular thighs I'd earned as a dancer. I am a natural brunette and "the carpet matched the drapes" as they say. Back then no one but porn stars shaved their pussy, but mine wasn't overly bushy anyway and my pubic hair was straight, not curly. It grew in toward my slit and formed a nice little criss-cross soft patch. When I spread my legs, my slit was open and free of any hair in the way, leaving my labia and wet pink opening clear of any obstruction at all. Darren was five feet ten inches tall and very fit weighing 175 pounds. He was muscular in a lean trim kind of way. "Down there" he had about 7" of circumcised length (I later learned) and he was thick enough that I couldn't quite wrap my hand around it when he was hard. He had light brown / dirty blond hair that he kept cut short and he wore glasses that kind of created a smarter looking side to his athletic appearance.
It may be hard to believe, but I was still a virgin. I'd been raised in a fairly religious household and while I had all the normal desires and curiosities, my fingers handled my needs until Darren and I started getting serious. There came a day when I decided that he was going to be the one I gave that virginity to, and I set it all up. I was house-sitting for a friend, at the house right next to mine, and before he came over one evening, I went next door and set everything up. I had candles waiting to be lit, condoms on the nightstand and the lighting just so. I even had music picked out. After we'd eaten dinner, I suggested a walk and took him all the way next door. He made me cum so many times that evening and the first orgasm I had while his cock filled me was (obviously) different than any I'd previously known. I knew I wanted a lot more orgasms while he was inside me and that began my sex life.
We were horny and adventurous. We fucked every chance we had, anywhere we didn't think we'd get caught. Darren was the typical horny young guy, happy to get some pussy anywhere and anytime we could manage. I learned to give him head as his was the first cock I ever sucked. My body learned that when he sucked and nibbled on my nipples, it meant my pussy was also going to be pleasured and soon I'd get dripping wet just from him caressing my tits. He could easily rub me, finger me, eat me or fuck me to orgasm. I realized what being multi-orgasmic was and could cum five or more times, easily, while we played. Once we were sexually active, I went on birth control so we could forego the condoms and I realized how much I loved the feeling of him cumming up inside me. I know some women only feel the swell and jump/pulse of the cock as it shoots, but I could feel the hot liquid ejaculate actually hitting my vaginal walls and cervix. He came hard and a lot. To put that in perspective, when I gave him a hand job once, he was laying on my bed and when he came his cum hit the wall about two feet above his head. We never measured the volume, but I'd have to guess it was almost a quarter cup of cum after he'd gone without for a few days. Like I said... he came a LOT.
But then, after about nine months, I realized our sex was getting... predictable. It was still a lot of fun and very satisfying, but it was starting to get, "I do this, he does that, we do this, and we're done," kind of sex. I wanted to do something to liven it up. I started reading various sexually oriented material with a lot of "how to" articles and experience stories from people in the porn industry. I wanted to know the secrets. The three things that caught my eye and are still very popular (as every reader knows) today were deepthroating, anal sex and sex in risky places.
Truthfully, the idea of anal sex did nothing for me, but I figured if it added variety to our play and turned him on, then so be it. I wasn't against it. I knew he'd freak if I could deepthroat his cock and the idea of sex in risky places had always turned me on. I would never admit it out loud (back then), but the idea of other people seeing me naked and doing something I wasn't supposed to was a huge stimulus. Having been raised in that religious household, sex outside of marriage was something I wasn't supposed to be doing and the kinds of sex... anything but vaginal intercourse in missionary position... was "kinky."
I began to practice with various techniques and there came the day where I finally did deepthroat his cock. The moan he let out when he felt my throat expand and my nose hit his pubes was so deep and guttural... I was so proud of myself. My practice had overcome my gag reflex and when I felt my throat stretch open for his cock there was no discomfort at all. The first time it happened I realized I couldn't breathe around him, but I quickly learned to balance the pleasure I gave him with breathing while I did so. I have to admit, the first time he came down my throat, without me having to swallow at all because his cock was past my mouth, it was different feeling. It took some getting used to.
To make sure I'd be comfortable giving him my ass, I bought myself a set of trainer butt plugs and began practicing with them as well. The small one was never uncomfortable, the medium one took a little getting used to and the big one... well, it was uncomfortable until I was experienced enough with the medium one, and the big one ALWAYS needed plenty of lube to work in. But the big one was about the same girth as Darren's cock so I knew that if I could take it and work it in and out without discomfort, I could do the same with his cock.
The night I gave him my ass was one I'm sure he'll never forget. We had been making out at his place and I started giving him head. Then we moved to a 69 and then we started fucking doggy style. Doggy style had become my favorite because it allowed me to feel him deepest and hardest. I was not ashamed of the fact that I loved to be fucked hard, deep and fast, and his cock had the perfect downward curve to hit my g-spot when he took me like that. That particular evening, while he was plowing me from behind I said, "Finger my ass," and thought he'd nearly fall over. He got his thumb wet with my pussy juice though and started fingering my back door. I moaned to encourage him. A few minutes later I said, "Fuck me... fuck my ass." Once again... he was shocked but agreeable. He took his time about it, making sure I was relaxed, and I really wasn't ready for how his cock felt so deep in me back there. The butt plug was only a few inches long. His cock speared me over seven inches and felt so different... but so good. I reached between my legs and rubbed my clit, sometimes fingering my pussy, while he fucked my ass for the first time; another virginity I'd given him. He'd had all three now: mouth, pussy, ass.... What else could I give him? The answer I came up with was adventure... I could give him adventure. So, I began planning...
A few weeks later, while we were sitting around on the sofa one night, I suggested we go for a walk. I was wearing short shorts and a tight tank top. I had on a matching thong and bra set, both of which were sheer... nearly see through. Darren seemed surprised that I was suggesting going for a walk so late; it was almost midnight. But when he saw that look in my eyes, he realized what was up. He never said no to sex so out the door we went. I put on some flip-flops, and he had his loafers on. He was wearing shorts and a t-shirt and I was sure he had on his boxers underneath.
Holding his hand, I led him up our block onto a path that led through a small stand of trees and onto our local golf course. There was no one around that we could see and there was a full moon overhead. We could easily see where we were going even though there were no lights on the course. The path let us out onto the 17th fairway. I knew the way and where I was going.
I let go of his hand and, without saying anything, I pulled my tank top off up over my head and dropped it. He looked, smiled but didn't say anything. I took his hand and kept walking, a big smile on my face because I knew what was coming... and that we both soon would be. I hoped we didn't get caught but the possibility made the experience electric.
About a hundred yards later I took off my bra and dropped that as well. It felt exciting and liberating to be walking along topless in such a public place. Sure... it was the middle of the night and there likely wasn't anyone around... but there could be. I was holding Darren's hand as we walked, and I caught him looking at my boobs bounce. "You're falling behind," I said to him. He caught on when he realized I was completely topless and he still had his shirt on. He quickly remedied that, dropping his behind him as we walked, just as I had.
Probably another hundred yards later I stopped and let go of his hand, undoing the button and zipper on my shorts and pushing them down and off, leaving me only in my thong and flip flops. He wasn't going to be behind the curve this time and by the time my shorts were on the ground, so were his. We held hands and walked some more, him letting me lead the way.
We were in the middle of the eighteenth fairway now, walking along only in our underwear. Mine, though, did nothing to cover my ass cheeks and I was sure that if it had been daylight, my pubic thatch would have been clearly visible through the sheer crotch piece. I felt naked... and soon would be.
Halfway to the 18th green I stopped and pushed my thong off, getting completely naked. He matched my actions, pushing his boxers off and I saw his cock standing out proudly. He was so hard that his cock barely moved as we walked, holding hands, to the 18th green. When we got there, I pulled him into an embrace, holding him close and tight as I kissed him hard, full of exploring tongue, my chest crushed against his. I could feel his cock smearing precum against my belly.
Stepping back, I looked him in the eye, said, "I love you," and then dropped to my knees. There on the 18th green, naked, I gave him some of the best head I knew how. I held his hips to steady myself and worked my mouth up and down his length. It was a sloppy blowjob to be sure. I coated his hardness with my saliva, letting it drool down over his balls, dripping onto my chest and running down my belly. He gently held my head and directed my movements for his maximum pleasure. Soon his cock was in my throat with every thrust, and I realized he was fucking my face; I was no longer sucking his cock. I wasn't delivering pleasure to him; he was taking it from me.
Then he pulled his manhood out of my mouth, and I looked up to see what he wanted. He laid down on the green and simply said, "Sixty-nine." I was in heaven. I quickly straddled his face and dropped my mouth back onto his cock. I felt his tongue on my clit and two fingers almost immediately penetrating my wetness. I kept up my work on his length as he ate and fingered me through two orgasms, adding a finger in my backdoor as he kept eating me. I had another orgasm as he did so, feeling my pussy and ass clench on his probing digits. I was wetter than I'd ever been.
After I came down from my third orgasm, I moved off him and got on my knees and elbows, positioning myself so I was actually holding the base of the flag in the 18th hole. I looked back over my shoulder at him, wiggling my ass. My knees were apart and my back arched. I knew he could see that my ass and pussy were open to him. He also knew he was welcome to take either. I watched him come toward me on his knees. I felt his hands on my hips, pushing my ass cheeks ever farther apart, opening me even more. I felt the swollen crown of his cock meet my pussy lips and his first push. Thanks to the downward curve of his length, his first push didn't actually gain him entry. Instead, it got his cockhead all wet and ran it down the length of my slit, across my buzzing clit. I moaned and humped my hips back at him. He pulled back, adjusted his angle and sank all of that beautiful manhood into my soaking pussy.
My body knew his well. We fit together like precision cut puzzle pieces. His balls slapped my clit as his cockhead banged against my cervix. We both moaned... and then he gave me what I loved and craved. He started stroking that steely hard shaft in and out of me as hard and fast as he could. He'd pull out until only his cockhead still kept my pussy split open and then he'd pound that thing forward until his pelvis hit my ass, his balls hit my clit and my pussy was fully penetrated.
I had another orgasm as he fucked me like that, and I realized that I was holding onto the 18th hole flag like it was an anchor in a turbulent sea. Idly, somewhere in the back of my mind, I was aware of the grass stains that must be growing on my elbows and knees... not to mention his knees as well. I didn't care. I just wanted him to keep fucking me until I felt that gorgeous cock of his spit all his hot cum up into me.
When my last orgasm passed... was it my third or fourth? I felt him pull out of my pussy and knew what was coming next. I did my best to relax as he smeared his pussy-slicked cock across my backdoor. He kept smearing more of my juices back there, using his cock like a tool to spread it, and then I finally felt him gently pushing his cock into my rosebud. We'd had enough anal sex that I was not only used to it but loved being able to give him my body completely; giving him anything he wanted; letting him experience every pleasure he could with me.
He began gently stroking in and out of my ass, not as rough as he was with my pussy, but not gentle either. I still felt his pelvis banging against my ass cheeks and, as we'd discovered we both liked, occasionally slapping my ass as he fucked it. Letting go of the hole flag with one hand, I reached down to rub my clit, knowing I'd have another orgasm as he ass-fucked me... and I did. It didn't take long and when I came, I knew my clenching muscles would make things tighter on his cock. It pushed him over the edge, and I felt his cock spasming as he dumped his load into me. I couldn't feel the hot liquid when he came in my ass, but I could still feel the swell and jump of his shaft as his climax pulsed through him.
When his orgasm was complete, he slowly and gently pulled out of me, my tight sphincter squeezing all his cum off his length. He rocked back on his knees and sat for a minute as I let the warmth and satisfaction of a great sexual experience settle over me. I had just been fucked on the 18th green of the local golf course, holding onto the hole flag. I was naked, ass up, with a freshly fucked pussy and ass feeling the cool breeze. I had sucked my man's cock and deepthroated him before he'd fucked me so good. He'd enjoyed every orifice I had to share with him. The only way I think it could have been better is if it had been noon instead of midnight.
We recovered and got back to our feet. We kissed again, passionately, and then held hands as we began to stroll back toward home. Neither of us found our underwear. My thong was gone from where I thought I'd dropped it, as were his boxers. I couldn't find my bra either. We found our shorts, his shirt and my tank top... so we didn't have to walk home naked through the neighborhood. To be honest, the idea of that excited me too. As we walked, holding hands, the warmth of our sex still filling the space between my legs as we walked, I wondered how he'd feel about having someone watch us fuck?