After Alice quizzes Alex about his love of masturbation, she reveals her voyeur fetish...
A few days after Alice had quizzed me about masturbation, I dropped home from work for lunch. None of the other housemates were in, but Alice was on afternoon-shift and as we ate, she was acting more than a bit frisky. Frisky enough that when I suggested we might have a quick visit to the bedroom, she readily agreed.
I had taken off my shoes and socks and was starting to unbutton my shirt when she walked in, gave me a strong, but brief, kiss and then sat down on the edge of the bed. Dressed in boots, tight leans and tee shirt, she was not wearing a bra and her pert nipples confirmed she was aroused. Alice crossed her legs, lent slightly back and with a devilish smile asked if I could show her what I "do" when I am by myself. I stuttered something about how this was rather different to my expectations of a few minutes ago; and I was not sure how to start. Without hesitation, Alice suggested she could get the magazines, and then see what happens?
I continued to undress; overwhelmed by the thought that Alice shared my fantasy of her watching me at play, and had initiated this new bedroom game. She returned with the stash of Playboy and Penthouse and I pulled out two or three at apparent random, although by now I was more than familiar with them. I sat on the bed, and began to savor the charms of one my favorite magazine models; a small breasted ravishing brunette, not unlike Alice.
I paused and looked over at Alice, still dressed and sitting on the other side of the bed. When she asked if there was a problem, I said something about the likely need for me to "clean-up." She laughed, recalling how this had all started when she caught me out three weeks ago, and a second later she was back with a box of tissues. She placed them next to the magazines and resumed her position.
I began stoking myself while I flipped the pages with my free hand. I was fully firm very quickly, the pace of my hand varying as the different poses took my attention. I looked across to Alice, and although I could tell by her smile she was enjoying the show, I asked is this OK? Her smile widened and she whispered that I was doing fine, and the intense look in her eyes told me to keep going.
I gave one of the hottest photos all my attention and my strokes became longer and faster. Finally, I grabbed a hand-full of tissues and fell back on the bed, saturating them with cum. As my body began to stop shuddering, Alice bent over and kissed me very softly. As she sat back, she said "Thank you, I enjoyed that very much."
As soon as I was steady, my years of "naughty play" guilt-training kicked in. I quickly packed the magazines away and disposed of the tissues to hide any evidence of my play. Alice thanked me again with another kiss and left for her afternoon shift, and I went back to work.
Over the next week I was constantly thinking about my first experience as an exhibitionist, and my desperation grew for Alice to say something, anything at all, about our new and very different sex play.
One night about a week later, I was already naked in bed when Alice came in and sat by my side. With that naughty smile, she asked softly if I would like to look at the magazines again.
Her words were like electricity, for I knew that that she was really asking if she could watch me at play again. I was thrilled that Alice had enjoyed my first exhibition, and I was happy to show her more. I grinned and nodded, and she quickly produced the magazines, and the tissues. I flipped through the magazines as I stroked myself and Alice, still fully-dressed, sat on the bed watching. This time things were less rushed and I took time to look at several girls. When I quickly by-passed one, Alice asked why some got me hotter. I answered that while I had my preferences in body shape, the main difference was that some girls looked genuinely excited, and were not merely posing. She also noticed that I was far more interested in those dressed in lingerie, rather than when they were fully nude. It was only a half-truth when I said that I found girls wearing lingerie very stimulating. This time, as I lay back to fill the tissues Alice leaned over, tightly griped my hand and kissed me passionately as I came.
While thoughts of this new secret naughty game constantly filled my mind, clearly Alice also found it very exciting. Only two days later, when I was home for lunch, Alice suggested I should meet her in the bedroom and when I arrived the magazines and tissues were already waiting on the bed. By now we were becoming more confident in our roles; Alice loved to watch, her fetish heightened when she watched fully clothed. But, as a committed voyeur, she did not like to be watched. I loved my role as exhibitionist, but I also liked to watch. So when we played I tried to keep my attention on the magazines, with only chancing furtive glances in Alice's direction.
Relishing another chance to give another show, I stripped down to my jeans and lay on the bed as I commented on the various models, rubbing myself through the denim. Alice sat in a chair next to the bed, enjoying the scene and my commentary as she puffed on a cigarette; but she became more animated when I loosened the jeans and started to stroke myself inside. After several minutes of looking, talking and stroking, I stood to remove my jeans and underwear and then I kneeling before the magazines, I continued to talk, now stroking myself forcefully.
While giving most of my attention to the magazines, just a brief glimpse towards Alice confirmed she was extremely aroused; her eyes glowed with pleasure and with her jeans now unzipped, one hand played between her thighs. This was the first time I had seen Alice pleasure herself. One brief glance was more than enough and I grabbed for the tissues, just managing to catch my cum before it sprayed everywhere. From the other side of the bed, Alice moaned softly, and though I was desperate to look, I managed to keep my eyes firmly closed. But I could hear her breathing deeply, and then she moaned again- this time stronger and slightly louder.
As we recovered, we were obviously very satisfied with our latest adventure, but I felt Alice was perhaps a little embarrassed, aware that I had probably noticed her wandering fingers. As we were both soon off to work, although I did not mention it, I was intrigued. Alice had said at the start that she did not masturbate, and I was excited by the thought or her telling me about her new pleasure, and even more aroused by the thought of watching her do it again.