FORWARD: This picks up immediately after the events in chapter 14.
ALL CHARACTERS ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
--------------------------------------------------
I'd only been in the shower for a few minutes when there was a knock at the door. "Tommy?" called Jenna, "can I come in?"
"Of course," I called back. I assumed she had to pee, so imagine my surprise when, a minute later, the shower curtain slid open and a fully naked Jenna stepped in to join me.
"I just wanted a little alone time with you," she sighed as she slid into my arms under the warm spray. My hands fell naturally around her body. Every time touching her still felt like the first time.
After a loving kiss, she looked up at me questioningly. "I also wanted to make sure you're okay about everything that happened. That there's no, you know, regrets or misgivings."
"None at all. I had an amazing time. How about you?"
Jenna's already bright smile widened. "No regrets at all. No jealousy. I was happy to share you with my friends like that. Although frankly, I was kinda surprised that Trish wound up being the only one who touched you."
"Well, in the spirit of honesty, Michelle did wind up groping me in the hallway earlier tonight."
Jenna's eyes widened, but didn't look upset. "Oh really?"
"Yeah. Only for a few moments, though. Just teasing me a bit."
"How did she grab you? Like this?" she asked playfully, taking my cock in her hand.
"Y,yeah," I stammered, "just like that."
"Did she stroke it like this?" Jenna purred as she caressed my still sensitive shaft.
"Yes."
"And did you get hard for her?"
I was already swelling in her hand as I again responded, "Yes."
Jenna let go of my cock and threw her arms around my neck. Her kiss was hot and urgent.
Our hands caressed each other's wet, naked bodies as our passion built, my now almost full erection pressing up against her belly. Jenna rubbed her warm, slippery skin against it, coaxing it all the way back to its full glory.
I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly my body had responded. It had been quite some time since I'd been having sex on anything resembling a regular basis, let alone multiple times a night, so of course I had concerns about being able to keep up with a much younger woman's sex drive. But so far at least, I'd been performing quite well in that regard. Maybe it was the regular workouts keeping me in shape.
"What are you thinking?" Jenna asked, bringing me back to the moment.
"What? Oh, sorry. Just thinking that joining the gym turned out to be a really good investment."
Jenna looked confused for a moment. Then my cock moved, pushing harder against her, and an understanding grin lit up her face. "Ah, I get it. Increased energy and stamina, huh?"
I grabbed her ass, pulling her even closer against me. "Damn right."
I caressed her ass for several moments, but as I started to slide one hand lower, between her legs, to explore her deeper, she stopped me.
"I'm...still bleeding," she explained with embarrassment.
I pulled my hand back and reached up to touch her face. "Hey, it's okay, no worries."
Jenna flushed even deeper. "Would...would you still...fuck me? I was gonna wait til tomorrow, but I really need you right now. Unless you think it's too gross, or..."
I cut her off with a kiss, then spun her carefully so that her back was to me. I hugged her close, my cock now pressed firmly between her soft, round bum.
"Jenna, I love you," I spoke in her ear, "and there's nothing gross about your period. As long as you're comfortable, I'm more than willing...if you can't already tell."
Jenna objected no further as my one hand fondled her breasts, feeling her nipples stiffen, my other sliding down over her belly to her rounded pubic mound, fingers twirling through her fine red pubic hairs before finding the soft pink folds covering her clit. Spreading them gently, I lightly teased her already swollen button.
Jenna moaned softly, her ass now working itself up and down along my shaft, the spray from the shower naturally lubricating everything.
After a few moments of playful teasing on both our parts, she was ready.
Jenna leaned forward, bracing her arms against the wall of the shower stall, bending low and spreading her legs, presenting herself to me. She looked back over her shoulder with imploring eyes. "Just fuck me, please."
Her pussy was warm and willing to accept me, and I was inside her in moments.
Jenna gasped as I eased my full length into her, and immediately began to rock herself back and forth on it, her pert breasts swaying with each thrust. I held her hips and worked with her, matching her movements.
Our pace was slow at first, allowing me to feel every sublime contraction of her vaginal muscles as they squeezed closed behind my retreating shaft, only to expand around it again as I reentered her. She was incredibly tight, and it was only the fact that Jenna lubricated so naturally that allowed my passage into her easily.
"Fuck, that's nice," Jenna cooed. "I can feel every inch of you opening me up, stretching me, filling me."
I was surprised to see there was very little blood as my cock slid in and out of Jenna's narrow slit. What did trickle out was washed away quickly by the shower spray.
As Jenna's moans became louder, her bucking became more urgent. "Fuck me harder," she pleaded. "I'm...getting close. So...fucking...close!"
I quickened my pace, my balls now slapping up against her clit with each deep penetration.
Jenna was supporting herself one handed against the wall; her other tried in vain to stifle her increasing squeals of pleasure.
She threw back her head and let loose a long, muffled wail and her pussy clenched around me, her climax rippling through her in waves.
I continued to fuck her for several more minutes until finally, despite having just had a mind blowing orgasm myself not all that long ago, I felt the tingling sensations that signaled the approach of another.
Jenna felt it too. She looked back at me, her desire palpable. "Cum in me," she begged, "I wanna feel it! I need to feel you fill me! Yes, yes, I feel you swelling up, oh FUCK that's deep, so fucking deep! Right there, yesssss..."
I lost control as my cock erupted for the second time that night, pounding her roughly with thrust after wet, smacking thrust, until my balls were again completely drained. Jenna kept matching my thrusts in intensity, and the sounds of our sexual lust echoed through the tiny bathroom.
Finally spent, I removed myself from Jenna carefully, then turned her back around to face me.
"I love you," she whispered.
"Love you too, princess."
We held each other close for a little while, kissing and lightly touching. When the water started to cool, we realized we'd better clean ourselves before we ran out of hot water.
As we washed up, Jenna giggled suddenly. "Well, THAT'S a new sensation."
Seeing my confusion, she explained, "I'm used to feeling blood trickle out during my period. But I'm not used to feeling cum dripping out of me. Strange, but not entirely unpleasant."
Reaching down, she parted her delicate pink pussy lips and squatted a little. I watched, fascinated, as she squeezed out a huge glob of my cum. It hung in a long string for several moments before dripping into the tub to be washed down the drain.
"That's a couple more firsts for me," she continued, sounding amused. "First shower sex, first time I've had sex on my period, and first time I've let a guy cum in me without a condom."
I'd been so in the moment I hadn't even considered that. "Well, I suppose it's the least risky time to do it," I mused.
Jenna shrugged. "Definitely lowers the odds of getting pregnant, although it's not impossible." When she saw my worried look, she laughed. "Don't forget, I'm on the pill, too. I think you're safe for now, cowboy."
I stepped out after finishing, but Jenna lingered. "You filled me up pretty good. Between your cum and my period, I may need a pad instead of a tampon."
"Sorry for the mess."
"Don't be," she smiled. "No regrets. But after this, it's back to condoms."
Giving her one more kiss, I wrapped myself in a towel and ducked out while Jenna remained behind to tend to her "lady business."
I almost bumped into Trish, standing in the hall. "I really gotta pee," she pleaded, "is she done in there yet???"
"She should be out any second," I said. "Sorry we took so long."
I turned towards Jenna's bedroom and had just grabbed the doorknob when Trish put a hand on my shoulder. "Tommy?"
She looked nervous, and a bit off balance as I turned to face her. "I'm more than a little drunk," she said, slurring slightly as if to emphasize her point, "and I'll probably either regret or forget this tomorrow, but..."
Trish moved in before I could react, put her hands behind my neck, and plunged her lips against mine, giving me a wet, sloppy kiss. Then taking two steps back, looked me dead in the eye and lifted her cami.
Her breasts were large, round, and almost milky white, so fair I could see the veins beneath her skin. They were capped off with large, dark areola and nipples the size of pencil erasers.
Trish shook them back and forth a few times, their firm, heavy flesh swaying left and right, then yanked her shirt back down and turned to the bathroom. "Jenna, I'm coming in, whether you like it or not!"
She was gone behind the door before I could so much as exhale from my shock.
I decided it was best not to mention what just happened to Jenna, at least not tonight. Trish was drunk, and while she'd broken the "no lips" rule, (come to think of it, so did Michelle earlier, but that was only a peck on the cheek) I don't think she meant any harm by it.
And she was probably right. She'd forget all about it by morning.
***
Jenna joined me in her room several minutes later. She looked at the tee shirt and sweat shorts I'd put on with mock disappointment. "Quitting on us so soon?"
"I think I've had more than enough of being Sir Thomas, Nude Butler, for one night," I laughed.
Jenna hugged me, her towel slipping away as she did so. I held her naked body tightly. My mind was already wanting her again, but I knew there was no way in hell my body would cooperate a third time.
So instead I watched her get dressed. Jenna saw me looking at the string of her tampon dangling between her legs as she slipped her panties on and blushed. "Should be gone by tomorrow, hopefully."
Instead of putting her romper back on, she dressed in a simple, cute pajama set. "Gotta wash that romper," she said, giving me an accusatory grin, "you got cum all over it."
Now I was blushing. I knew I'd cum a lot from the double handjob I'd received earlier, but assumed most of it had landed on me. It seemed I was much messier than I'd realized.
Once dressed, we went out to rejoin the party. We entered the living room to a round of applause, and now we were both blushing.
"Jesus, and I thought I was loud," cracked Michelle, producing laughter from the other girls. Moments later, Jenna and I joined in.
Trish waved us over to rejoin her on the couch. I'd only made it one step before Jenna held me back. "Let's get a drink," she said suddenly. I caught Trish's nervous glance our way just before Jenna grabbed my arm and directed me towards the kitchen.
Jenna poured herself a small glass of wine while I fixed a rum and Coke for myself. "Trish told me she kissed you," she said, so quickly and casually that I spilled soda all over the counter.
"Um, yeah, sorry. I was gonna say something when the moment was right. It was nothing, just a smooch on the lips. She did it so fast I didn't have time to react."
Jenna smiled. "Relax. I can't really get pissed about a drunken kiss when I just let her help me jerk you off, can I?"
Jenna helped me clean up my spill, and as we gathered up our drinks, she spoke softly in my ear. "She's got great boobs, doesn't she?"
I looked at her warily. Her face showed nothing but bemused smugness. "Trish told me everything in the bathroom. I'm not mad at you, or her. Just next time, don't be afraid to talk to me, okay?"
"Okay." I slowly shook my head, chuckling. "You're really something special, you know that?"
"Just don't you forget it," she said with a sudden seriousness that quickly erased my smile.
Then she softened, took me by the hand, and led me back to the living room.
The ladies had started a movie, one that apparently featured several half naked, buff young male strippers. Nothing I was at all interested in watching of course.
Exhaustion crept over me as I finished my drink, and I decided it was time to call it a night. Although I realized I hadn't really considered whether I was welcome to stay there or not.
Jenna, noticing my yawns and drooping eyes, solved my problem for me. "Michelle, you don't mind if Tommy stays here tonight, do you?"
"Of course not," said Michelle. "I know he didn't drink much, but it's way too late for him to be driving home. Besides," she finished with a grin, "looks like you really wore him out."
Jenna giggled, then stood and pulled me up from the couch. "Come on, sleepy head, let's get you to bed."
I said goodnight to the other ladies, all of them hugging me and thanking me for a wonderful time. Despite being exhausted and completely spent sexually, the feel of their soft, warm, scantily clad bodies against mine was still a special thrill.
Trish was the last to hug me. "Thanks, Big Guy," she said softly. To Jenna, she said, "and thank you for...sharing. Are we good?"
"We're good," Jenna assured her. The two girls embraced warmly.
With that, we retired to Jenna's bedroom. Her bed was much smaller than mine, but I didn't mind. It just meant we had to sleep close.
Jenna snuggled up beside me and kissed me goodnight. "Thanks again for making tonight so special," she said sleepily. "Best birthday present ever."
That's when I remembered the gift I'd bought her.
It would have to wait til tomorrow. Jenna was already snoring.
Minutes later, so was I.
***
Morning came and went as we all slept through it.
But eventually, we all stumbled out of bed. Although tired and a little sore from being on my feet most of the night, at least I wasn't nursing a hangover. The ladies weren't as lucky.
I was glad I'd showered last night, because the bathroom had become Grand Central Station, with all of them jockeying for positions to shower, do their hair, or simply pee.
I did my best to stay out of the way and planted myself at the kitchen table, sipping a cup of freshly brewed coffee while watching them bustle around, getting themselves together.
The ones waiting to shower were still in their outfits from last night, and I had an interesting moment of confusion when Nikki walked by, appearing completely bottomless. Then I realized that the G-string she'd been wearing had simply disappeared inside her ample round ass.
I tried not to stare at her, or any of the other ladies too long. They didn't make it easy though, especially when Michelle came through next, fresh from the shower and wearing only a towel.
Tammy joined me in the kitchen. Pouring herself a cup of coffee, she sat across from me at the table, still in her lingerie as she waited for her turn to shower.
The bright sunlight shining through the kitchen window made her lace top even more sheer and see-through, making it impossible not to notice her perfect breasts, as they were completely visible through the top, including her puffy pink nipples. Tammy either didn't realize this, or didn't care.
I decided to break the awkward silence by making small talk. "So how did things go at the club last night? Did you ladies have fun?"
"It was alright, I guess," she answered. "Not as crowded as we thought. And not a lot of cute guys. The DJ was pretty good, though, and we danced a lot. You should have seen Jenna, though. She was killing it in that red dress. Every guy in there was trying to hit on her or dance with her."
"Really?" I smiled, imagining the scene.
"Yeah, but don't worry, she blew them all off."
"Oh I wasn't worried about that," I said. "We have a very open and honest relationship, and I trust her. But she's a beautiful young woman, I'd be surprised if the guys weren't hitting on her."
Trish smiled, "Yeah, I noticed you two are very...free, and trusting about things. I don't know if I would have been as comfortable as she was last night if you were my boyfriend; I'd probably have been very jealous."
I shrugged. "We communicated a lot; before, during and after. Making sure we were both okay with everything. That's really the key."
Trish nodded with a sigh. "You know, Michelle warned me beforehand you were an older guy, and I thought it was kinda weird. But seeing you and Jenna together, I get it now. I may have to start dating older men myself," she laughed.
Before I could reply, Jenna came in, fresh from the shower, hair still damp but fully dressed in a simple tee shirt and shorts. "Shower's open if you want it, Trish."
"Thanks," said Trish, then turning to me, "It was nice talking to you."
I again had to avoid staring too long as she stood, because her lacy shorts were just as sheer as her top, to the point I could clearly see her soft patch of natural blonde pubic hair over top the folds over her rosy pink vulva.
Jenna took her seat as she walked away. "She really does have a beautiful pussy, doesn't she?"
"How do you always catch me looking?" I asked with a grin.
Jenna shrugged with a smug little smirk. "You guys think we don't notice when you look. But we always do."
"Do you think Tammy noticed?" I asked, curious.
"Oh, she did," Jenna said, "you were too busy staring to notice the smile she gave me."
All I could do was shake my head and laugh. "Sorry, but it's not my fault there's so much eye candy around here."
"You need a distraction," Jenna grinned, "Come on, help me start cooking breakfast."
***
After breakfast, everyone pitched in to clean up the place. Michelle then gathered us all into the living room. "Before everyone starts heading out, we never got the chance to give Jenna her birthday presents."
Jenna sat in one of the single chairs as her friends went and got their gifts. I debated on getting mine, but decided to wait until later, when we were alone.
Jenna opened Trish's gift first. It was a box containing an assortment of art supplies; pencils, brushes, sketchbooks, etc. "I couldn't decide what to get you, so I went with something practical," said Trish.
"Thank you," replied Jenna, "I really appreciate it. Nothing wrong with practical."
"Open mine next," said Michelle, " it's practical, too."
Tammy and Nikki gathered next to Michelle, giggling with expectation as Jenna took the rather large box and began tearing off the wrapping paper.
It opened to reveal a variety of sex toys.
Jenna sorted through the contents, blushing furiously but also smiling and laughing as she pulled out the various items.
The largest was a pink wand massager with a bulbous, vibrating head. "It has multiple speeds and settings," explained Michelle, "a USB charging port so you'll never need batteries again, and it's hell of a lot more quiet than your 'Old Faithful.'"
Next was a toy labeled "Breathless." It was smaller than the wand, slightly curved, with a small hole on one end. "This one sucks your clit," said Michelle. "It also vibrates, but really it's all about the pulsing suction. You'll get some mind blowing orgasms from it, trust me."
"I have that one, too," Tammy interjected. "Personally, it's my favorite. I get multiples every time!"
The third item was a very realistic looking penis, complete with testicles and a suction cup base. It wasn't overly massive, perhaps six or seven inches long. "For when you really just need to be filled," said Michelle. "It doesn't vibrate, but if you combine it with the clit sucker, you're gonna need to change your sheets after."
Michelle was still speaking to Jenna, but glanced my way as she continued, "I tried to find one that looked like it met your size preference." The wink she dropped was definitely meant for me.
Next came a small, chrome butt plug with a rose colored gem on the end. Jenna eyed it suspiciously. "Not sure when I'll ever use this," she muttered.
"Never say never," Michelle grinned.
Lastly, Jenna pulled out a box containing a very strange looking device. Like the first two toys, it appeared to be made from soft, pink silicone. It was C shaped, with one end slim and tapered, the other larger and rounded. There was also a small accessory, almost egg shaped.
Michelle again described it for us. "It's a remote control vibrator. One end goes inside you, the other over your clit. It has multiple settings you can change with the remote." Michelle again looked at me. "It also has an app you can download so your partner can use their phone to control it from long distances."
Now Nikki chimed in. "I've had some fun with that one in public. It's very quiet, so you can really be sneaky with it. I've even used it in class a few times."
I've always considered myself very open minded sexually. And it was nice to see young women comfortable enough with their sexuality to openly discuss it. But being the only guy in the room while they candidly discussed their sex toys and masturbation habits still felt rather strange.
Even Jenna seemed very open about the whole thing, although she was jokingly chiding Michelle. "Thank you, I love these! But Jesus, how often do you think I masturbate?"
Michelle smiled slyly before responding, "Well, once you start your Only Fans page, you'll..."
She stopped suddenly, looking almost horrified. "Shit!" she exclaimed, looking my way, "I'm so sorry, Jenna. I hope I didn't just cause a problem."
"No, no problems here," I reassured her, "Jenna and I have already had a discussion about that. So you didn't reveal any secrets."
Michelle breathed a sigh of relief. "Whew. Good. I knew Jenna said she'd talk to you about it, but I didn't know if she had yet."
The concern on her face was clear when she asked me, "So I'm hoping you're okay with it? That it's not going to cause problems between you two?"
"I do have some...concerns," I said, "but nothing to do with how it could affect our relationship. My only true concerns are about her privacy, and possible repercussions from it."
Michelle again relaxed. "Well, if you have any questions you want to discuss, both of you," she turned to Jenna, "you can come talk to me about it, okay?"
I'd had my suspicions that Michelle was the "friend" Jenna had mentioned of course, but was surprised she'd so openly confirmed them.
Michelle saw my surprise. "I'm not ashamed of having an Only Fans. But I also don't share that information lightly, for obvious reasons."
"Your secret is safe with me," I assured her, "and I agree there should be no shame in it. But I would like to take you up on that offer to discuss it more at some point."
Michelle nodded. "When you're both ready, let me know."
Changing the subject, Tammy spoke up. "Nikki and I got you something, too," she said, handing Jenna an envelope. "It's nothing crazy, just a gift card. Figured you could use it to get what you want."
Jenna thanked both the girls, and was starting to pack her items back in their boxes when Trish spoke up. "What about Tommy's gift?"
"He already bought me the dress at the mall, remember?" Jenna said.
"Yeah, but I saw a present in his bag," Trish blurted. She gave me an apologetic look. "Sorry, I confused your bag with mine last night. But they sorta look the same. And it was dark. And I was, well...wasted."
Jenna was looking at me, questioning. "I was going to give it to you later," I shrugged.
"Oh, hell no!" said Michelle. "We wanna see it!" The other girls cheered their agreement.
Jenna gave me a sympathetic look that said she understood my feelings but wasn't sure what to do.
I finally relented. "Okay, okay, be right back," I said with a resigned grin as I turned to go fetch it from my bag.
Every eye was on me when I returned carrying the small, colorfully wrapped box.
I didn't realize the mistake I'd made until it was too late. The only reason I'd gotten down on one knee was because it was easier to be close and comfortable as I handed the present to Jenna.
But when she ripped the wrapping paper off to uncover what was obviously a jewelry box, her face froze in utter shock, while the other girls let out gasps of surprise.
I quickly had to course correct. "It's not a ring," I said, "I love ya, darlin', but I'm waiting to propose until you graduate and get a better job than me so I can retire and live off your income."
That got a relieved laugh from Jenna as well as her friends. "Asshole," she said lovingly.
Then she opened the box, and her expression became one of surprise and joy. "Oh my God, it's beautiful!" Her friends gathered around and ooh'd and ah'd their agreement.
My gift was a small, white gold pendant in the shape of a bird. In the center, between it's outstretched wings, sat a small gemstone, twinkling with a brilliant greenish hue.
"It's Alexandrite, your birthstone," I explained. "It changes colors. Indoors, in incandescent light, it's green, but in natural sunlight, it changes to red. So it will match both your eyes and your hair."
"It's lovely," said Jenna as she lifted the pendant by the matching white gold chain and admired the admittedly small but brightly colored gemstone.
"Why a bird?" Trish asked.
"It's a robin," Jenna explained before I could, "that's my middle name; Jenna Robin Sinclair."
"True," I said, "but I was also thinking back to a conversation we had one night. You told me your father named you after the baby sister he lost, how he called her 'the little bird that flew away.'
"Well, I looked up the meaning of the name Jenna. It has several, but in some cultures, it does mean 'little bird.' And while I don't know for sure of course, I'd like to think your dad knew that, which is why he wanted to name you after her. Anyway, I got very lucky when I found this, and it just seemed...right, somehow."
Jenna was tearing up. "It's perfect. I love it so much!" Jenna pulled me up from the floor and, throwing her arms around me, kissed me tenderly. "And I love you, too. Thank you."
"Well," I heard Michelle say from her seat, "I know SOMEBODY who's getting lucky tonight!"
Another round of laughter followed as Jenna blushed but joined in her friends' merriment. Her eyes locked with mine as she spoke with a grin, "Oh, most definitely."
"Shit!" Michelle suddenly yelled. "Shit, shit, shit! I almost forgot! The birthday cupcakes! Dammit! Everybody hold tight! Trish, come help me!"
They scrambled to the kitchen and returned a few minutes later with a small tray of chocolate frosted cupcakes. The center one had a single candle in the shape of the number twenty. Trish quickly lit the candle as Michelle carried the tray into the room, singing, "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you..."
The rest of us joined in the song of course, Jenna blowing out her candle once we'd finished to cheers and applause.
"What'd you wish for?" Trish asked.
Jenna just looked at me and smiled. "Oh come on, Trish, you know you can't tell or it doesn't come true."
Gifts now given and cupcakes eaten, the girls started saying their goodbyes, sharing plenty of hugs, a few tears, and many promises to call and text and stay in touch over the summer.
Tammy and Nikki headed out first, then Michelle announced she was leaving as well. "Gonna go over to Dave's for a while," she explained. "Hopefully he's not too hungover. If he's not, I'll probably stay over and be back in the morning to pack up. I'll text you either way."
Jenna sighed. "I suppose I need to start packing as well. My mom is coming around noon tomorrow and I'm sure she'll want to get right back on the road to get home."
Trish, who was still lingering, volunteered to help, as did I. It didn't take long. All the furniture was staying, and all Jenna really had there were her clothes, books, art supplies, computer and personal effects.
Jenna packed a large suitcase separately with a good amount of clothes and personal items, including, I noted with some amusement, her new sex toys. "Would you mind maybe taking the boxes with the books and other clothes back to your place?" she asked. "I won't need anything in there til I come back anyway. It would be less to have to take with me to moms."
"Sure, I'll find some space for it," I said.
Once finished, we went back out to the living room to relax for a bit.
Despite there being plenty of room, I found myself once again in the middle of the couch with both ladies to either side. Not quite as close as they'd been last night, but certainly enough to remind me of the experience we'd shared.
Jenna must have seen something in my face. "Getting flashbacks, cowboy?"
Jenna and Trish laughed when all I could manage was a sheepish grin.
"Speaking of last night," said Trish, "I wanted to apologize again for what happened, when I, well..."
"Kissed him?" said Jenna. "Trish, we went over this last night. We're good. No need to apologize."
"I know, and I'm so glad you're understanding," said Trish. "I was so upset about it after," she continued, now addressing me, "that I had to confess to Jenna right away. Sorry if I didn't give you any warning about that. But I didn't want it to linger, or feel guilty about it all night."
"Nothing to feel that guilty about," I said. "You'd had a few drinks, got a little carried away. These things happen."
Trish sighed, "Well, it would be easy to blame the booze, I suppose. But you know what they say, right? Alcohol doesn't MAKE you do things. It just gives you liquid courage to do what you really WANT to do."
I wasn't sure at all how to respond to that. Thankfully, Jenna responded instead. "So, you WANTED to kiss him. Why?"
Trish looked ashamed and nervous. Jenna smiled at her friend warmly. "Trish, relax. I'm not mad. I'm not upset. I just want to know what you're thinking."
Trish relaxed a little, but still seemed embarrassed to answer. "I wanted to kiss him because...I see you two together, how he kisses you, how he treats you. You're always telling me how wonderful he is, how kind and caring, how good he is in bed, and..." Trish stopped suddenly, as if she'd said too much.
Jenna noted my surprise and simply shrugged. "Girls talk," she said to me, "get used to it."
"Anyway," Trish continued, "I see and hear all these wonderful things and, well, can you blame me for wanting just a little of that myself? For being a little jealous?"
Trish next addressed me directly. "Now, don't get me wrong. I'm not 'In Love' with you, and I have no interest at all in trying to seduce you away from my best friend.
"And I'm happy for you, for both of you. I truly am. Just kinda wishing I could find something, someone, like that for myself, for my first time."
It took a moment to register what she'd just said, and before I could ask, Trish answered my question. "Yes, I'm a virgin. Does that surprise you?"
"Yes. No. I mean, I guess I just assumed..." I stopped before I dug my hole deeper.
Trish laughed. "I suppose I don't act the way men expect virgins to act; all shy and demure. Just because I haven't gone all the way doesn't mean I'm a prude. It's just I haven't met the right guy, and I've heard too many horror stories from my friends, including Jenna, about how bad their first times were. I have no grand illusions about saving myself for my 'One True Love' or anything. But I just wanna find someone who treats me right, who treats me the way you do Jenna."
Jenna reached across me and took her friend's hand. "I understand completely. That's why I'm not upset. Because I want that for you too."
"I appreciate that," said Trish, "but I wanted to make it real clear I'm not trying to steal your boyfriend."
"Well, it's not stealing if I'm willing to share," said Jenna.
Trish and I looked at Jenna with equal amounts of surprise.
Jenna smiled back at us, taking our hands and holding them together with hers. "You know I love you both, right?"
Trish and I nodded emphatically. "We love you too," said Trish.
"Then let's play a little game," said Jenna "It's an easy one. It's called The Truth Game. For the next few minutes, we all agree to tell nothing but the truth, okay?"
Trish and I eyed each other nervously, but nodded in agreement.
Jenna turned to her friend. "How do you feel about Tommy? Be honest."
Trish looked at me as she answered. "I like you, a lot. You're a really nice guy. I love how happy you've made Jenna. And while I've had fun...exploring things, with both of you, I don't have any romantic feelings towards you."
I nodded. "I get that. I like you too, Trish. You're a good person and a loyal friend. And I've really enjoyed everything we've done together. But I don't have romantic feelings for you either." Trish smiled, looking visibly relieved.
"I believe there are various levels of love," Jenna now continued. "Too many people are afraid of that word. It doesn't automatically mean commitment or romance. It can also simply mean friendship and caring. And I'd like to hope you two can come to care about each other, to love each other, as much as I love both of you."
"Well, I suppose in that sense, yes," I said, "I do love Trish as a friend, and care about her well-being and happiness."
Trish nodded in agreement. "You're right Jenna. And I agree. I love Tommy's friendship, and love that you've both let me be a part of your relationship."
"And we've both enjoyed you being a part of it as well," said Jenna. Then, turning to me, "We've spoken about this already, but why don't you tell Trish your feelings on what we've discussed so far and where we both see it heading?"
Trish arched her brow as I turned to face her. It took a moment to gather my courage before I spoke. "Trish, I think you've already figured out I find you very attractive. You're a beautiful young woman. And I've really enjoyed including you in our little games as well. Jenna and I have discussed the possibility of you joining us in more...direct ways, and we're both very much excited by that. But obviously it would depend on your feelings and comfort levels, and I wouldn't want to confuse you with mixed messages about our relationship."
I paused here for a moment, trying to read Trish's face. When she didn't speak, I decided to simply state things as clearly as I could. "As I said earlier, I do care about you, and love you as a friend. And if you were interested in taking things further sexually, I'd..." I gestured towards Jenna, "...we'd be very open to that. But only if that wouldn't be too complicated emotionally. For either of you."
Jenna added, "If last night taught me anything, it's that I'm not jealous when it comes to you two. I love you both, and I want you both to be happy. And I've been enjoying our shared experiences too. And I'd be very open to continuing those experiences in other ways."
Trish looked at both of us in wonder, then broke into a wry smile. "So what you're trying to say in a nutshell is that you guys want a threesome?"
Jenna laughed softly. "I suppose that cuts right to it."
Trish blushed a bit. "I'm really flattered by that. And, being honest, I'll admit I find Tommy very attractive as well. But I'd really have to think it over. I've been having a lot of fun just watching you two, and I'm really grateful that you're willing to share him with me, Jenna. I just...need some time."
"Of course," said Jenna, "we understand completely. It's a lot to sort out; no need to rush into anything. But I really just wanted to clear the air on how we're all feeling, so there's no misunderstandings or tension between us."
Jenna reached out and pulled us in close. "Come on, get in here, group hug," she laughed.
Jenna looked suddenly playful. "So did you at least enjoy the kiss?" she asked Trish coyly.
Trish grimaced and rolled her eyes. "Not really. I was pretty drunk and sloppy."
"Well, why don't you try it again? He really is a good kisser," Jenna suggested.
Trish looked at me with a mix of embarrassment and desire. I took one last look at Jenna, then faced Trish. "I'm willing, if you want to."
Trish still looked nervous, but nodded. "Okay."
It was still hard to put aside my doubts, even after everything Jenna had said so candidly. But I knew her well enough now to understand that she wouldn't be encouraging this if she wasn't sure of herself and us.
Still, our first attempt was awkward. Trish leaned in, closing her eyes and tilting her head. I met her halfway and our lips just froze together for a moment. Trish felt tense and rigid, her lips barely moving. It lasted only a few seconds before I pulled back.
"You're both still too tense," said Jenna. She poked me gently in my ribs. "Stop being afraid of my reaction and focus on the kiss. Now, give her a REAL kiss."
I took a deep breath, let it out, then leaned in to Trish again.
This time, I stopped thinking and just let myself feel. And I did what came naturally.
Taking her face in my hands, I held her gently as our lips met again, and now we explored each other naturally. I still felt a little tension from her, but this time I took more control. Not forcing the kiss, no, but guiding it, and as my fears faded I became more confident, coaxing and inviting her lips and tongue to join mine in the delicate, passionate dance. Trish relaxed and followed my lead, her tongue entwined with mine for a while until I gently pulled back, sucking her bottom lip before fully releasing her.
Her eyes were closed and her lips remained parted for a few moments before finally breaking into a wide, satisfied smile.
"Much better!" Jenna exclaimed.
"Yeah, it was," sighed Trish. "But I have to know: how did watching that make you feel, Jenna?"
Instead of answering, Jenna grinned mischievously, then suddenly pulled me into her and kissed me passionately.
Swinging her body up and over my lap, we continued kissing, my hands instinctively beginning to wander across her body as she slowly rocked herself over me.
I was just about to slide my hands under Jenna's shirt to remove it when Trish interrupted. "You two want some privacy, or...?"
Jenna broke our kiss, laughing. "Sorry Trish. But watching you kiss Tommy really did get me hot."
"So I noticed," Trish snickered. "I'm getting a little...worked up, myself."
Trish was still sitting right beside us, her face only inches from mine. On a whim, I leaned in and kissed her again. She responded immediately this time, opening herself up to it without reservations.
Jenna leaned in between us, her face hovering close to ours. I broke from Trish and my lips found Jenna's, then Jenna broke from mine and found Trish's.
The three of us playfully traded kisses back and forth this way for several minutes, and I must say I took special delight in watching Jenna and Trish share their kisses so sweetly when it was my moment to sit out.
It was Jenna who finally broke it up, but only to suggest taking things to the next level. "I'm thinking maybe we should move this to my bedroom."
(To be continued...)
--------------------------------------------------
AUTHORS AFTERWARDS
I certainly don't mean to make a habit of these "cliffhanger" endings, but I've found myself with so much story to tell that at some point I have to choose where to pause things so I can edit, tweak, and get something submitted.
The good news is, I already have several more pages written, and am hoping to get the next chapter up shortly after New Years,if not before.
Technical notes: I've gone 14 chapters without giving any of my characters full names. So I figured Jenna's birthday party was as good a time as any to give her a gift of my own.
Imagine my dismay, though, when I realized I'd completely forgotten to include the "little bird" explanation of her name in the conversation they had back in chapter 12. I hope you'll forgive me for the slight ret-con.
Oh, and you can Google the surname "Sinclair" if you're curious as to why I chose it.
Happy holidays to all. Stay tuned.