Copyright © Daniel Choquet 2018
"So when do you expect to be home?"
"I don't know. Usual time, I guess. 6:30, maybe? Why?"
"I have a surprise for you."
Well, that was Sally. Full of little games and surprises. One of the things I loved about her. Maybe she didn't want things to get boring after 6 years of marriage. Didn't matter, really. Judging by past "surprises", it would most likely be fun to find out what this one was.
"Okay, honey. Can't wait to find out. See you soon"
She did one of those silly voiced air kisses, and hung up.
- - -
When I got home, she opened the door for me, and looked a little different. Same shoulder-length jet-black hair, of course, and her eyes always had that fiery look, but this time they seemed somehow ... more so. And it wasn't the usual lipstick. An intense red making a strong contrast against her light skin. And then I saw ... saw that we seemed to have a guest.
"Honey, this is James."
I offered him my hand. The man was clearly nervous, so I smiled as best I could. He was slight, shorter, and obviously younger than me. Not bad looking though. Had that "needing a shave" look that seemed to be getting so trendy.
"Good to meet you, James. I'm Donald."
I turned to my wife then.
"So what ..."
She came up close. Put her arms around me, and I could just sense the warmth of her affection, and I felt the same for her. But I noticed something odd. Why was she breathing so heavily? The words came slowly. Not a whisper, but it was a lower pitch than her usual voice.
"That's the surprise, Donald."
"What? What do you mean? You mean like James is the surprise?"
"Yes."
"I don't get it. How is this James a surprise? I mean I didn't expect him, sure. Didn't expect anyone but you. Why would he be a surprise for me?"
She waited to answer for the longest time. Then, finally,
"I'm going to fuck him."
That was a jolt, to say the least, but I tried to look cool. Apparently, Sally didn't have a very clear sense of the distinction between my favorite fantasy which, yes, I had often shared ... between that and the idea of actually doing something. I really didn't know what to say. So I said something ... stupid.
"Why?"
She cocked her head, maybe pretending to think it over. But then she just put both hands behind my head and kissed me. It was a hard kiss, and her tongue was there almost from the start. I sensed her quickened pulse, before she broke away.
"Because I want to."
I could see that the look on James's face had changed from nervousness, to more like ... fear. Looking to me, Sally tried to clear things up.
"You have to understand, Donald. It's just that I guess I hadn't made it clear to him ... that our mutual pleasure was going to be ... shared, you know?"
James seemed to have made a decision.
"I think maybe I need to go. I just remembered I had to ..."
Something had come over me. I was not about to let James leave.
"Don't go, James. You heard her say what she wants. I want to make sure she gets it. So you need to stay."
He hesitated. Apparently didn't know what he was more afraid of. That I would beat him up because he'd come to our house with the intention of screwing my wife, or that I would if he didn't.
Sally had apparently decided already that it was full steam ahead. She walked over to where James was standing, lifted the hem of her skirt and just stood there like that. James was frozen. So next, she pulled her panties down to about her knees, put her feet apart as much as she could, lifted the skirt, and again just stood there.
It seemed involuntary, as his hand went to his crotch and he began touching himself lightly through the faded jeans. Nobody was paying any attention to me any more. It was as if she was taking his cue. Continuing to hold the skirt with her left hand, her right went to the sex, her fingers moving slowly up, around, over, between, in, out. Not really masturbating. More like showing James the gift he was to receive. And showing me that she was showing him.
She put her right hand on his head and using just enough force, got him to sit down. Then the hand slid down to caress his neck and cheek. And moving ever so slowly, moved her pussy to his mouth, finally pressing hard against it. He hardly had to do anything at first, as she just rubbed it up and down. Didn't have to, but apparently couldn't help himself. He was clearly hungry for it, sucking, then licking, then sucking again. His hands were now on her soft ass cheeks, squeezing them hard as he ate her. And then her motions became ... became regular, rhythmic, increasing in intensity, gasping audibly, until ... until ... yes. Oh yes. It was unreal. She fell away then, gasping.
She was still more or less fully clothed, but that was not to continue. She unbuttoned the blouse, then unclasped the bra. They were not particularly large, but stiff with arousal. Then she skirt was gone and she was naked. She looked toward James and cocked her head as she caressed her nipples. I finally spoke, voicing what I knew she intended.
"So let's see it, James. Show us what you have now for my wife to enjoy."
And then she echoed,
"Yes, James. Take it out now and show me."
He rose slowly to his feet, and apparently decided that the proper order would be shirt first. Next he removed his shoes, unbuckled the jeans and stepped out of them. Finally, it was time. He had apparently gotten over his earlier fear, and pushed the boxers down to reveal ... My god. He may have been slight, but that certainly was not. He looked at me and could not conceal a grin, realizing that he did have something over me after all. Sally, seeming to be as taken aback as I was, spoke to me.
"Oh honey, look at it. Do you think it will fit? Do you think he'll be able to get that inside my pussy?"
"I don't know. Maybe if you're wet enough. Maybe if he's strong enough to push it in hard and slow."
"Check me, honey. Check if I'm wet enough for him to be able to slide that big thing into me. Lie down, honey."
I did, and she lowered herself over my face, so I could "check" her wetness. It was silly, really. No surprise, she was practically gushing. No matter how much I sucked, there was more. I finally pulled my mouth away so I could speak.
"Yeah, I'd say you're more than wet enough."
"Wet enough for him to fuck me?"
"Well, maybe you need to check him. Check to see if he's hard enough."
"How should I do that, honey?"
I put my lips into an 'O' and she got the idea. She walked slowly to where James was still seated, and kneeled in front of him. He moved his knees apart and she took that impressive thing in the palm of her delicate hand. Stroked it up and down, felt the weight of it. She'd obviously been trying to go slow, but now couldn't wait any longer. She took it into her mouth then and went up and down a few times. Then she took it out and turned to to me. She seemed to be in a trance of anticipation at this point. Didn't or couldn't speak. So I asked,
"Well? Is it hard enough? Hard enough to push into your very wet little pussy?"
She bobbed her head up and down in answer. But I persisted.
"Hard enough to fuck you? To fuck you really well?"
This time she spoke.
"Yes, I think he'll fuck me very well."
"Are you ready for him to do that, my love?"
Again, the silent but affirmative reply.
"Then tell him. Tell him what you want him to do now."
"But how should we do it, honey? How do you want me to be?"
"I think the two of you will be able to figure that out, sweetie. But I don't know. Maybe to start, lie down on the floor and hold you knees up and apart for him."
She did that and he just stood and stared for a moment. He was so hard, almost vertical. Then he kneeled down into the V she had made for him, using his hand to force the magnificent cock down to her awaiting slit. It was totally superfluous, but now she said it.
"Fuck me, James."
He rubbed it up and down slowly, making little circles each time it visited her clit, but finally she pushed it down right to where she needed it to go. James then looked up one last time to me. I couldn't tell whether it was for final permission or just to emphasize to me that he was about to do this thing. To my wife. Whichever, my words just came out.
"Fuck her, James. Fuck her like she'll never forget."
It was so big, it seemed hard to believe it would fit. But then it did. Almost magical the way a woman can just be opened like that. Such a wonderful amazed look on her face as it finally happened. She clearly wanted to look right at her lover as they fucked, but still, for a moment, looked to me.
"Oh honey! It's unbelievable."
But then she looked back to him, pulling him in quickly for a kiss. Held him in the kiss while they moved together. And then,
The doorbell.
"Donald, see who it is!"
Did it matter?
Oh well, I was the one who was "free" so I peaked through the hole.
"I believe it's your best friend."
"Cheryl?"
"None other, as far as I can see."
She extricated herself from the embrace, stood up, and still stark naked, headed for the door and just cracked it, carefully looking around the edge to be sure. Satisfied, she let her friend in without a word. Cheryl gasped.
"What on earth, Sally?"
... as she looked at her very naked friend and the equally naked man still on the floor. She and I, being the clothed ones, kind of seemed to belong together. Finally Sally grinned at her friend.
Cheryl looked pretty sexy in her tight white shorts and pink blouse, but then, I guess Cheryl pretty much always looked sexy. Short, sandy blonde hair. She had always been the wild one, the one who seemed to pick up some new guy every weekend, so maybe Sally was doing a bit of one-upmanship here. Pointing to the man on the floor,
"Cheryl, this is James."
He waved to her and nodded.
"We've been fucking. And Donald's been watching."
"Well, are you ... like ... are you done ... ah ... doing that?"
With that, Sally kind of rocked back and forth from foot to foot, playing with her right nipple with one hand, her pussy with the other, and said,
"Well, not really. I guess you kind of interrupted us."
"Then don't let me stop you."
Sally got on her knees then, and James, apparently getting the idea, came up behind her. Cheryl wanted to help. She grabbed it, gave it a few sucks and then guided it into Sally. As they resumed, Cheryl staggered back and quickly had one hand under her blouse, the other in her shorts. Soon the shorts were gone, then the panties, and her hand could then go to work in earnest.
Cheryl motioned me over and planted my hand firmly on her sex. I guess it's an understatement, but I rather enjoyed feeling her there. And I was uncomfortably hard under my clothes.
"Sally, may I borrow your husband?"
"Yeah, sure, whatever."
Now Cheryl was getting me out of my clothes, and then we were just feeling each other all over, while Sally, now on top, was too engrossed with James to see what her husband and her best friend were up to. So she just asked.
"So what did you want Donald for, Cheryl?"
"Uh, actually, well, what I wanted to ask was ... is it okay if I fuck your husband?"
Sally snapped her head over to look. Perhaps this had not been part of the plan. But she seemed intrigued at what she saw, her husband and best friend involved in what you might call very heavy touching.
"Oh, sure. I guess you could do that. But come closer and do it. Come as close as you can. I want to watch."