Just a Walk in the Park: Chapter 2


Thank you for all your editing help, Incredimeters.

"You sure this is the right address kid?" asked the Uber driver as we pulled up to a house that looked like it belonged to a governor or CEO of some major company.
"It's the address on his calling card," I said, showing the guy the card.
"Wow. Talk about old school. That is like 19thcentury shit. Up to you, I got time to take you home quick, before my next pickup but only if we leave right now," the driver asked.
"No. I'm good. Thanks though," I said as I got out.
The truth was I was not good. I was scared shitless that this was some kind of joke or misunderstanding and the moment I walked through the gates I would be set upon by guards or dogs or both. I walked up to a call box and pressed the button. It buzzed and the voice cracked like someone crumpling leaves in their hands. I am not sure what the person said but the gate started to open and I didn't see any Doberman Pinschers appear, so that was a good sign.
I got to the front door, a large oak thing that could probably withstand a shell from a Sherman tank. I looked down at myself. I was wearing what I normally do to a job interview. Black pants, black shoes, with a white shirt and tie. I probably looked like a bible salesman. I touched the bell and waited. Several minutes went by and once again I started to think I had the wrong house when finally, the door opened. "Well, this is a surprise, Riya. You have never been early before. We may even get to see a preview."
I saw who opened the door and I knew I had to have the wrong house, because I was standing face to face with Sandra Bullock. No kidding she truly looked like Sandra Bullock. She was 5'7' about 115 pounds. She had pale skin with a few freckles across her nose. Her long straight brown hair framed her face and set off her dark brown eyes. She had full lips and a brilliant smile.
"Oh, I'm sorry I thought you were someone else," she apologized. "Arthur is going to kill me for not checking the camera first again," she said to no one in particular.
I said the first thing that came to mind as she ushered me in. "I love your movies."
"Oh, I am not her. But don't worry, I get that a lot," she answered in a thick New England accent. "I'm Judith Class and you are?"
"At the wrong house," I said as I shook her hand, my mind whirling. This must be Arthur's wife. What was I supposed to say, 'I am here to see and have sex with your husband?'
She was so nice and smelled of Red Door perfume. My mother also loved to wear Red Door. "What address are you looking for? Perhaps I can help. If it's close, I might even be able to give you a lift."
Without thinking I pulled out Arthur's card and she saw it. I was then further incriminated when Checkers, Arthurs black and white cocker spaniel came out of nowhere, ran up to my feet and started begging for a scratch. I found her favorite spot to be scratched, right behind her ear, and her tail waged so fast it became a blur.
"Well, Checkers seems to know who you are and that card in your hand is one of my husband's, so I am pretty sure you have the right address. You wouldn't be Jason Swift by any chance, would you?"
"Yes ma'am. I am," I answered feeling so guilty I could not look her in the eye.
"My, my. You are handsome." I froze as she walked around me. She was eyeing me like a side of beef and Lord it felt good. "My husband has impeccable taste. I'll give him that."
"Ma'am," I started to say but she cut me off.
"Judy, sweetie." She paused at my look of confusion. "I get called ma'am all day at the office. In my house I am just Judy."
"Yes ma'... Judy." I corrected at the last minute. Then my conscience got the better of me and I blurted out everything I was think in a flood of disjointed phrases. "What I meant to say is that I never meant to fall in love with your husband. It just sort-of happened. I am so sorry if I have caused the destruction of your marriage. You would be well within your rights to order me to leave your house immediately and never return. I'm such a horrible person. I will try to stay away from Arthur if I can, but I am not sure if I will be able to as I like him and I am pretty sure he likes me."
"Oh, he definitely likes you." My heart almost skipped a beat at hearing that Arthur liked me from someone other than him, "or he wouldn't have invited you here tonight, to give you 'the speech.'"
"The speech...?" I began to ask but was cut off by the doorbell.
Judith held up a finger to stop me from talking, or moving or even breathing that much. Judith walked over and opened the door to a very attractive dark skinned Indian woman. She had jet black hair that was pulled back into a braid that hung down her back almost to her waist. She walked in saying. "I did it Judy. I'm two minutes early. Aren't you proud of me?"
The new comer stopped talking the moment she saw me. I was sweating bullets by then. She looked at Judith and asked with her beautiful brown eyes, and a couple of black eyebrows, 'Who's this?' Judith leaned over. She had to lean over as the new comer was a good half a foot shorter, even in leather boots, and whispered in the new woman's ear. I was pretty sure the new comer mouthed the words "Him? No?"
Judith walked back over to me with her friend, solidarity in numbers I guess, and said, "Now young man, I would like you to repeat what you just said to both of us." I did. Or at least most of what I said, if perhaps in a slightly different order as I was not sure how the other order had gone. They were silent.
"He is such a jerk to not have told him," the Indian woman said.
"I think it's because he thinks it's funny and we will all have a good laugh about it later," Judith purposed.
"In either case the kid's so sweet," the Indian woman commented, I assumed me. "I can definitely see why Arthur likes him." I was once again charged by hearing that Arthur liked me.
"Well then we should stop talking about him in the third person," Judith said, "and inform the poor boy of the situation before he has a stroke."
"Jason, it is absolutely adorable that you want to protect my feelings and I love the noble way in which you offered to fall on your sword for my honor, but rest assured there is no need," Judith began. "How can I put this? I have no interest in Arthur in, 'that way.' He is all yours."
I was more confused than ever. "What Judith is trying to say, Jason, it is Jason right?" I nodded affirmatively, "is that she is just Arthur's gay beard. Judy's has been covering for him since they were teenagers."
"Furthermore," Judith took back the conversation, "I have no problem with you being in love with him as I am a lesbian and very involved with the loveliest, smartest most understanding, woman God or Allah or whatever deity you pray to, ever created. This lovely lady standing next to me. Riya Khan."
"You know you give the most long-winded compliments I ever heard," Riya said. "Couldn't you have just kissed me?"
Judith must have thought that was a good idea because in the next moment she took her lovers advise and did just that.
"Oh my, look at the time, now we are back to being late again," Judith said looking at her watch.
"It was very nice to meet you, Jason," said Riya as she opened the front door.
"Yes, very nice. I truly hope we will be seeing you around here from now on," Judith added.
I heard Judith say to Riya, "If it doesn't work out with Arthur maybe you could introduce him to your Carl."
"Wouldn't work," Riya answered, "Carl still has eyes only for ..." I didn't hear the name Riya was about to say as the front door closed behind them.
The room was silent save for Checkers' breathing. Then even she left me, to sit at the feet of her master. Arthur's laugh cut the silence. I looked over to see him standing in an archway that led out of the foyer and into what looked like a hall way. "I am so sorry Jason. I am a jerk as my wife so bluntly, but accurately put it. I would not blame you a bit for walking out that door right now. The look on your face when you confessed to being a home-wrecker. That is not one I will soon forget."
He gave me a big hug. "Forgive me?" he asked.
I smiled by way of a yes. I couldn't stay mad at him. He kissed me and started to rub my back. "I missed you." He admitted. "I was afraid that you were not going to call and that one day in the park was all we would ever have together."
His hand was just about into my waistband when he stopped. I didn't want him to stop. I wanted to pull his pants down right then and there and suck his cock just like I had in the park. I even started to go down on one knee but he pulled me back up. "Plenty of time for that later," he smiled. "I want to do things in the right order this time, dinner is first."
Dinner was pork medallions in a lemon sauce, with rice and asparagus. I was very nervous and so I barely touched my food. Arthur explained in greater detail his arrangement with his wife, Judith. He explained to me that they were good friends and did love each other but more like he would love a sister and not a wife. She had her personal life and he had his. He admitted that there really was no reason for them to stay together, no kids or family obligations any longer. "I'm simply used to her being here and I could not imagine my life without her," he told me over dessert. "Is that a problem for you?"
"Not at all. She is so nice and I hope to get to know her and Riya better." I admitted.
"That is yet to be determined." Arthur mumbled under his breath.
After dinner we did the dishes like an old married couple. I washed and he dried. I wiped down the table and have to admit I made sure he was looking when I leaned over so he could look at my ass better. "Does anything else needs to be cleaned?" I asked looking at his crouch.
Arthur disappointed me again by answering, "Nope. You did a great job. If the college thing doesn't work out, you will always have a job opportunity here as a maid," he offered.
"Does it come with one of those cute, maid's outfits?" I asked, only half joking.
Our eyes met. He licked his lips and my heart started to beat a little faster. I couldn't think of any way to make it more obvious to him that I wanted him. "If that would seal the deal, then yes," he said, totally serious.
"I have to admit I have never worn woman's clothes before." I put my leg up on a chair and pulled up my pant leg to expose my hairless calf. I had been shaving my legs since high school. "But I'm pretty sure I have the legs for it."
Arthur walked over and ran his hand up and down my leg. His bronze skin toughed my pail skin and I swear I felt and electric shock.
"I think I would like to clean your bedroom first." I said in a husky tone. Too quickly as it turned out because it broke the spell.
"Later," he said taking his hand away from my leg. My brain cried NO! "This way," he said like a butler.
The house was very well organized. The ground floor was mostly shared spaces, kitchen, living rooms and dinning rooms. There was a workout room and game room, filled with board games, video games and a table that looked like it could be used as either a pool, foosball or ping pong table. Upstairs rooms were far more divided. Arthur had the rooms to the right of the main stairs and Judith had the rooms to the left. A vase of flowers on a table and very nice floral rug delineated the neutral zone.
He showed me half a dozen guest rooms all of which were bigger than my apartment. Most of them consisted of little more than a bed, a chest of drawers and a small bathroom. He stopped to explain they had a cleaning service and a laundry service but that they only came in on curtain days or as needed after an event or party. I have been taking care of myself for years and I don't need that much help. He was drawing the tour out for some reason.
We would stop in a room and he would ask me about my hopes and dreams. I told him that while I was likely to become a business manager of some kind, my true passion was writing. He asked me if I had any novel ideas and I told him about a few outlines I had in my head. He didn't say much about my ideas and I could see he was distracted.
Finally, after almost an hour we made it to his private office. I walked into Bell's wet dream. There were books everywhere. Hard covers filled the shelves with paperbacks littering the floor like leaves. One large book shelf was glass enclosed and had a digital gadget that showed temperature and humidity. The books it held looked old but very well taken care of. "These are my oldest and rarest books," he explained.
Arthur walked me through the maze of bookshelves to his desk at the far end of the room. He pointed to a bookshelf and said, "That one moves and behind it is a door that leads into my bedroom. The release mechanism is attached to a wooden plank painted to look like a copy of,The Secret Garden. "
"I'd love to see that," I said leading him in that direction.
"Patience dear boy, patience," said Arthur. "There are a few things I'd like to discuss with men I care for as much as I do you before we dive into a relationship. I hope you want us to have a relationship as well as sex, right?"
"Yes," I pouted. "I want a relationship, not just sex."
"Good." Arthur sat at his desk and started pulling open windows. "Then we need to talk first and then we can have fun."
"But we are going to have fun, right?" I said sounding more like a spoiled kid than I intended. I sat on a rolling stool next to him.
Arthur opened a window on one of his computer screens, he had four. "I believe in being totally honest with my boyfriend. You know about Judy and me. I want to tell you now, before we get to far into our relationship a few things that have caused problems for me in the past. I want to make you aware of my fetishes and the role I would like you to play so that you can decide if my plans are in line with yours. If at any time you are over whelmed and or just plain disgusted, please just say 'Aztec', That is our safe word, and I will take you home and we will never speak to each other again."
"Do many take the Aztec route?" I asked flippantly.
"Yes, unfortunately. I am looking for a very specific type of person, Jason, and because of my age and my money I can afford to be picky," he said completely seriously.
"Don't forget the fact that you're hot," I added.
He smiled at the compliment then stated his presentation. "I discovered a while ago that I like watching people. Like so many others at first," he clicked and 20 boxes filled a screen showing different rooms and different people. "I just liked watching sexual acts but then I found I liked watching every day activities as well." He clicked again and more boxes appeared on another screen. "I started by watching the security feed at my recycling plant. Then I branched out to my other companies and rental properties." He kept clicking and before long all four screens were filled with different people. "Today I have over a hundred cameras I can watch and it brings me great enjoyment and yes, sexual arousal, to just sit here and watch people."
I could see how much enjoyment it was bringing him by the size of the tent in his pants. I rolled my stool closer and put my left hand on his crotch. I started to pet his budge and he flinched a little. "Do they know you are watching?" I asked.
"It's all very big brother. They know I could be watching but not when or for how long," he answered getting excited at my stroking of his cock through his slacks.
"Is it legal?" I asked.
"Perfectly," he said as I undid the button on his pants and pulled down the zipper. "I have an entire legal team to make sure that it is. I can watch every inch of my company's property and my renters sign an agreement that allows me to watch them in return for a 10% discount on their rent." He clicked another button and the two outer screens went blank and the two inner screens filled with 30 or so cameras a piece. "But these are my favorites."
I had his cock out by now and was playing with it as Arthur went on. "These are people who know I am watching and enjoy being watched as much as I like to watch them. They are exhibitionists mostly and they jumped at the chance to let me put cameras in their houses or apartments."
He was distracted by a portly looking man who was about to get in the bath. I took the chance and it paid off. I leaned over and started to suck his brown cock. He watched the man disrobe and get into the bath. I glanced up from time to time myself but Arthur was moving from screen to screen. His member reached full erection as he zoomed in on a 30 something women trying on a pair of butt-kicking black leather boots.
I heard the chime of a cellphone camera being activated and looked up to see that Arthur was recording me. I looked up directly into the camera phone lens and kept sucking. My dick got rock hard and Arthur let out a moan. "That's it, Jason. That is what daddy likes. You dirty boy."
It took everything for me to focus on his cock but he was watching his screens and zooming in and out like a professional porn director. I saw my face appear on the main screen and he was holding the camera and typing. "Does Jason want my friends to see what a good cock-sucker he is?"
"Uh huh," was all I could manage with his huge cock taking up most of my mouth so I nodded, yes.
"You're a dirty little slut. I can't wait to see what else you're good at." He was play acting now and it was so hot.
My cock was rock hard. Out of the corner of my eye I could see a few people on screen move to computers or watching tablets and phones. I didn't know how many people, men and women were watching me blow Arthur but I hoped it was a lot. The thought of others enjoying this scene or recording it to watch over and over again later was getting me so aroused. I stopped trying to get my pants down and just rubbed myself through the front of my pants. Arthur popped some kind of kickstand and put the phone on his knee so people were now watching me suck his cock in super close-up mode. He grabbed me by the hair and started thrusting his sausage into my mouth. I let my neck go loose and he moved my head so that he could fuck my cheek.
He let go of my head and grabbed the camera. I licked his balls while he refocused and then started sucking his dick again. He stood up with me still affixed to his cock. Then he pulled his dick out of my mouth and started stroking it real fast. I had seen enough porn movies to know what was coming next. "I've got a special treat for you slut. Open wide for Daddy."
I open my mouth wide, following orders. He shot a series of huge glob of cum onto my face. It went in my mouth and up my noses and even a little bit in my eye. I had never done a facial before but it felt great. The cum ran down my face leaving a warm slick sheen in its wake. Arthur clicked the video to stop recording and he fell back into the chair. I locked its wheels just in time so that he didn't go skittering off.
The thankfully professional, politicly correct Arthur was now gone. Hopefully forever. I took my shirt off and used it to wipe my face. Then I sat in Arthur's lap. He was still pants-less. I kissed his neck and ears while he edited the movie he just made and read the comments of the people who had watched it live. People were very complimentary and I could feel Arthur's monster waking up again.
When he completed his edits, he saved it to a file he created labeled Jason and I noticed it already contained a file with the date we met in the park. He sighed and pulled up another document. It was quite long. "The last thing we need to discuss is,"Oh noI thought,not professional Arthur. "Is my dominating fetish."
"You're what now?" I asked. My heart started to beat faster.
"I like to dominate people, especially my boyfriends," he answered.
"How much control over me are you talking about?" I asked, my fingers literally crossed and my mind daring to hope.
"Well, we will start simple and work our way up," he said, nervousness creeping into his voice.
"Work up to...?" I asked. I was barely able to contain my excitement.
"Total submission. You will dress as I tell you. You eat when I tell you. You will fuck who I tell you to and you will always have to ask for permission to cum." He blurted out in a torrent.
"May I see the contract?" I asked.
"What contract?" he asked.
"The contract your legal team prepared; I've seen that fifty shades movie Arthur. And I know how you love to dot I's and cross T's," I remarked.
He walked over to a drawer and produced a thick stack of papers. I started reading and he went back to watching people be people.
I started reading through the document, asking the occasional question.
"If you are providing me with everything I need, why do I need an allowance?" I asked.
"To buy stuff..." he answered.
"Like what?"
"I don't know, stuff," he answered getting a little upset, more at his lawyers than me.
"May I buy food and clothes for the poor with it?" I asked.
Arthur smiled with approval. "Of course."
Ten minutes later, "it says here I am to move in with you. What about the lease on my current apartment? I still have 3 months to go," I asked.
"Don't worry about it," he said with a smile. "I own your apartment building."
"Since when?" I asked.
"This morning," he answered.
Twenty minutes later. "Will I be allowed to complete my courses at the university?" I asked.
"Yes, and I encourage you to do so, but I insist on paying for it. I don't want you saddled with student loan debt," he answered.
Thirty minutes later I asked my last question. "What about Judy? It does not have anything in here about her."
"With regards to what?" Arthur asked confused.
"She is very nice and while I don't feel the same way about her as I do you, I would like to please her. If I can, may I?" I asked.
"Of course," he answered with a smile.
I turned the last page and asked "May I have a pen, Daddy."
He was about to hand me one when he paused. "You don't want to think it over?" he asked.
"I do not need to think about it, Daddy. I'm ready to sign," I said.
Arthur was not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, but he wanted to make sure that I understood what I was accepting. "You are OK with all we discussed?"
"I acknowledge that you are a voyeur and I have no problem with you watching other people. In fact, I can't wait to watch people too, it's more fun than I thought. I am an exhibitionist as you and dozens of people are now aware and so I defiantly have no issue with you recording us having sex and showing it to anyone you want. As for you controlling me up to and including sharing me with other men to satisfy your sexual desires, I am totally for that. I actually crave it and can't wait to start being your boytoy," I confirmed.
Arthur stared at me dumb struck.
"Arthur, I have been dreaming of submitting to you since we met. I want you to tell me what to do." I got down on my knee and started to rub my face against his pant leg. I want to give total submission to you. You are, the sexist guy in the world and I swear I will live each day to serve you and only you. You are going to have to knock me out and drop me in the dessert somewhere to get rid of me," I said like I was high on meth or something. Which I wasn't and never would be. The contract clearly stated in the, 'Arthur cannot section;' drug me or make me take any substances that are not FDA approved or illegal.
He handed me the pen. I signed it, dated it and printed my name under my signature. I handed it back to Arthur and he put it back in the draw. "My friend Carl owns a moving company. I could see if he is available to move you in this week."
"Want to rent my apartment out as soon as possible huh," I asked.
"No, I just want you here as soon as possible," Arthur stuttered.
"Well, there are only a few things I want, a picture and my computer, of course. A few nick knacks and postcards, stuff like that. Other than that, I don't really need anything else. My furniture can go to Goodwill and my clothes will fit in a couple of suitcases."
"I'll call him then." Arthur reached for his phone.
I went and sat down at the computer and started to read more of the comments left by people.
"Wait, is this the same Carl that I see listed on the feed from our live stream earlier?" I asked.
"Yes," Arthur answered leerily.
"Is he hot?" I asked.
"Why?" Asked Arthur.
"Because then I can thank him properly for his services and his nice comments about our video, in person. Would Daddy like to watch that?" I asked.
His rock-hard cock said he would.
I used the secret passage and went into Arthur's bed room. I had to admit I was very underwhelmed. It was half the size of the library and looked a lot like a hotel room. It had a king-sized bed that was flanked on either side by end tables. The lighting was soft with lamps for reading on the end tables. A door led I assumed to Arthur's closet. Another because it was open, I could see tile and fixtures, must be his private bath. There was another that if I hadn't got too turned around must lead back to the hallway. The final door that was directly opposite the one that lead to the library was the one I could not figure out. What could possibly be in there?
I am a snoop by nature and the other door was calling to me. I couldn't figure out what it might be. Maybe it was Arthur's sex chamber. Maybe it was the doorway to Narnia. Most likely it was just another closet or way back to the hall but I had to know. I reached for the door handle. I turned the knob and Arthur's voice filled the room behind me. I let go of the knob.
"It's all set. Carl will meet you at your apartment tomorrow and bring you and everything else here. He has cleared the whole day for you, so you can drop stuff off at Goodwill or the shelters or where ever and then bring anything that is left here," Arthur explained.
"Where?" I looked around at the exquisitely decorated room and wondered where the hell would any of my stuff go.
Arthur nonchalantly opened the door I was about to open and said "Why, your room."
The lights were on motion sensors I learned later, but it was kind of magical the first time when they came on as if at the sound of his voice. The room was twice as big as his. Same king size bed but it was an old fashioned four poster job. Like his, there were doors leading to a walk-in closet and a bath but my bath was at least as big as one and half of his and the closet was as big as almost his entire room. There was a forest of built-in shelves with one big open space containing a TV. "This is all mine?"
"Yes, unless you want something bigger?" Arthur asked.
"You're going to knock down the wall and give me the next room over?" I asked sarcastically.
"I can't do that as that it the outer wall of the house and is a load bearing wall but the room directly below this one is a guest room so I could have a narrow spiral staircase installed over here," He pointed to the far corner, "And there your go." He answered perfectly serious.
"I think I can make this work. Do you mind if I share it with two homeless families? I could put one of them in the bathroom and the other in this closet." I opened the doors to my walk-in closet and stopped dead in my tracks. "Arthur. There are already clothes in my closet."
"Yes, there are Jason." He confirmed.
"Why are there clothes in my closet?" I asked.
"Because I wanted to make sure you had a few new things when you moved in. The rest are clothes left over from my last boy-friend, Ethan. He was about your size but if they don't fit or you don't like them, we can donate them to the local homeless shelters too." Arthur's mood turned pale.
All the clothes were modern and in very good taste. Organized by level of formality. I fingered the sleeve of one of the dress shirts. "What happened to him?" I asked.
"What makes you think something happened." Arthur asked.
"What happened?" I asked again, knowing that no man in his right mind would ever leave the sweet, kind, handsome man that stood before me on the verge of tears.
"Car crash. He was killed instantly," Arthur answered.
I hugged him. "I'm so sorry."
"I will never forget him." Arthur sniffled "I do still love him. I won't say that I don't."
My eyes went wet. "And I love you all the more because you can't," I admitted.
We stood there for a while just hugging each other. Then I went exploring a little. And came back with a women's summer dress. "Arthur?"
"Ethan was into ladies' clothes a little. He would put them on for me. I'm not sure if there's a maid's outfit in here but a number of nice stockings and ladies' knickers in those draws over there," he said pointing.
I walked over to the drawers he indicated and found everything was organized. Ethan and I would have been two peas in a pod. I pulled out a single black stocking and put it on my hand. I walked back to Arthur and took his dick in my now stocking clad hand. He leaned back against the door frame and spread his legs a little. "Oh, that's nice," he purred.
"Does Daddy like little girls with dicks?" I asked.
I stuck his dick in my mouth and started to play with his balls with the stocking. "Yes, Daddy does."
"Do you think Judith would teach me how-to put-on make-up?" I asked taking a break from sucking to stroke his dick.
Arthur let out a moan, "She showed Ethan. Judy and Riya took him shopping all the time."
"Well, I have no intentions of letting you talk me into surgery but we can defiantly play dress-up from time to time," I offered. The truth was the stocking felt so nice on my hands, I couldn't wait to have them caressing my shaved legs.
I resumed sucking his cock. His shaft was getting even longer than it had before. I inhaled the smell of sweat and soap. I wondered when we would get around to shower sex. I linked under his balls and he trembled. Then I kissed the small strip of skin between his balls and his anus. I must have hit a sensitive spot because he started to lift himself up. "Oh, Jason that is nice."
Still sheathed in the stocking I started to insert my index finger into Arthur's ass. Since I was busy fondling his balls with my tongue and playing with his ass with my fingers, Arthur was kind enough to take over stroking his own cock. I watched as he alternated slow long strokes with fast short ones, taking note for the future. I had a lot to learn but I was hoping to be teachers pet as soon as possible.
Once I had the pattern down, I started emulating it with the index finger I had put in Arthur's ass. He rewarded me by letting out a long moan. I was either giving him great pleasure or he was about to birth a baby calf. I assumed the latter as he kept playing with himself.
Eventually, I moved back to sucking his cock but only after adding another stocking clad finger to his ass. Arthur was really enjoying the anal exam I was preforming and he started to push back against my hand. My fingers went deep into his bowl and he started letting out a series of little grunts every time my fingers went in and out. I heard the stockings rip and Arthur say, "Shhhhiiiiiittt."
Before long I was rewarded with another special treat. Pavlov was right. I was quickly coming to classical conditioning. This load was not as big as the last load but it still tasted good. Arthur looked tired and I was tired from all the fun and contract reading so when Arthur asked if, 'we' wanted to go to, 'our' bed, I agreed.
I stripped off his shirt and then asked him where his pajamas were. I was looking forward to dressing my new daddy. Arthur responded by saying he hadn't worn PJs since he was twelve. I asked him where the dirty clothes went and he said there were hampers in each of our closets and he yawned He told me that he would go over the dry-cleaning and laundry schedule with me in the morning.
Arthur dimmed the light to low and I settled into bed next to him. Then I thought of his pants and boxers siting on the floor in the library and just couldn't sleep until they were in the hamper too. I retrieve them and walked softly, not wanting to wake Arthur, back to my new closet. I found a hamper in my closet identical to the one in Arthur's and put all his clothes in it. I also found the mate to the black stocking I had used to give Arthur a hand job with earlier and threw it away. Once again, I can't stand disorder and having an odd number of black stockings would just be weird. Then out of the corner of my eye I saw a sky-blue silk nighty with black lace trim. Turns out I am Ethan's size. It fit me perfectly. It is possible it was just my imagination, but I could have sworn someone fondled my butt as I looked at myself in the mirror. "Ethan?" I asked.
Now truly ready for bed I returned to Arthur, spooned myself behind him, and fell asleep to the sound of my new daddy softly breathing.