This story ended up being long and has been split into two parts, 'Two Friends Share Intimacy' Pt. 04' and 'Pt. 05'. This story resumes below.


Part 5


We had both showered and got dressed, and where each wearing our prefered mode of attire, sports shorts and a t-shirt.
'Ready?' she asked.
'I'm a bit nervous.'
'Me too, but I'm more hungry than nervous, let's go.'
We walked out the door and into the humidity of a tropical climate. We had familiarised ourselves with the map of the resort hanging on the back of our door, and walked through the villas towards the breakfast restaurant. Unlike when we went to our nude swim last night there were people around, doing their own things. Some were dressed more fashionably than we were, some were barely dressed at all, but none were naked. We were both wearing sunglasses to hide our eyes from darting every which way, taking in as much as possible, and getting as many clues as possible so we would understand this environment which was new to us.
We found our way to the restaurant and noticed a sign on the door requesting that clothes be worn in the restaurant due to health reasons.
'Looks like we made the right call about dressing for breakfast,' I commented.
'Yes, but I thought getting dressed was more a courtesy than a health requirement!'
Breakfast was good. Buffet with an omelette bar. The coffee was drinkable. We weren't in any hurry and ended up both just scrolling through the socials on our phones. Finally someone said something.
'I feel like I could have a nap,' I announced, breaking the silence.
'Don't you dare.'
'I was kidding. A bit.'
'Well, I don't care. It's not going to happen. Let's go for walk. We should try to burn off this breakfast, and it will give us a chance to explore.'
'Ok. That sounds like a plan.'
With the map of the resort in our minds, we started to explore. The first, and most important thing, was to find the bars. There was one near the restaurant, but it was closed. We then found the gym. Good to know it was there, though it wasn't much good. We then wandered towards the pool, and started coming across more and more people, though still all dressed.
'That looks like the pool bar, and it also looks open,' I said, and made a beeline to the bar. 'Two shots of tequila please.'
We clinked glasses, making sure to keep looking each other in the eye to avoid 7 years bad sex, as we always did, then downed the drinks. 'Ok, what now?' I asked.
'Let's keep exploring. Have a look around the pool, go to the beach, maybe walk along the beach?'
We looked around the pool. There were a number of people sitting and lying around it already. Couples, groups, individuals. People all seemed to be relaxing. Then as we continued to scan, we started noticing the nudity. Not everyone was naked, a long way from it in fact, but they were scattered around. We started walking through the pool area, towards the beach. As we turned a corner on the path we were startled by a couple walking along the path toward, us completely naked. They both had tote bags over their shoulders carrying towels and, presumably, clothes. They were calm and relaxed, while we just stopped in our tracks.
The guy walking towards us smiled, and said something quietly to his partner. They kept walking and we started walking again, trying to avoid eye contact and not accidentally bump them as we went past. But as we got to that point, the couple stopped and held out their hands.
'Hi there,' said the woman. 'You guys look like you might be new here. Welcome to paradise.'
We regained our composure and exchanged pleasantries.
'So what was it about it that made it look like we were new?' my friend asked.
'Well, we have been here for a few days, and we hadn't seen you before. But mostly from the expression on your faces when you saw us walking towards us.'
'Yes, sorry about that. You are the first people we have seen here walking around without clothes.'
'We figured that. Let me guess, you're curious about what the protocols are here?'
'Yes', we both said at the same time, obviously relieved.
'Haha. I thought so. We were the same when we got here. Firstly, you should know that when they said the resort is 'clothing optional', that is what they meant. You can wear clothes, or not. It is completely up to you. So far we haven't felt any pressure to do anything other than what we wanted to do. Except at meals of course!'
'So it is really a situation where no one cares at all?' I asked.
'Absolutely. Sometimes you see a guy with a bit of a hardon, but even that is just ignored. It's not like we can always control it, right?' he asked me.
'Haha. That's what I keep telling my friend here!' I replied.
'Friend? Not partners?'
'Yes, just friends,' she replied.
'That's cool,' he said. 'Probably the other thing you are wondering about is sex, though it won't be a problem for you guys,' and he laughed. 'Sex in public doesn't really seem to be a thing here. At least, not obviously. We have glimpsed things and hear things, but no one seems to do it out in front of everyone. So it's not like one of those 'Hedonism' places, which suits us pretty well.'
'So what you're saying is that people are respectful and mind their own business' I asked. 'That sounds just about exactly what we were hoping for.'
'Then you will have a great time', he said. 'Ok, we will leave you to your exploring. Enjoy your vacation. Maybe we will cross paths again.'
With that we kept walking down the path until we got to the beach. It looked different in the sunlight, but was just as beautiful. We walked onto the sand and towards the sunbed we stored our clothes on about 10 hours earlier. As we walked it was clear that there was more nudity here on the beach. We saw about half the people were naked. It seemed like everyone, with the exception of the couple we just met, were clothed until they got to the beach, and then took off their clothes there.
We stopped at the sunbed.
'Well, what now?' I asked.
'I was about to ask you the same question.'
'You know I don't like making decisions.'
'Haha, yes I do. Ok, now you will take off your clothes,' she said, a little more strongly than she would normally speak.
I looked at her. Then I started pulling off my shirt, and then my shorts. I was standing there naked in front of her.
'Ok, now I'm going to get naked and and you are going to rub sunscreen on me.' Then she pulled off her shorts. I wasn't surprised to see that she wasn't wearing any underwear. She slipped her shirt over her head, and was naked in front of me. As beautiful as always.
There was some sunscreen on the table between the two sunbeds (they think of everything here), and so I put some on my hands.
'Turn around,' I said. Then I rubbed sunscreen into her back, and her butt. She turned around and did the same for me.
'I don't think you need this as much as me,' she commented.
'Very true, but if we are going for a walk we should be careful. It would be a tragedy if we got burned the first day and couldn't leave the room.'
'Haha. Yes.'
Then we put sunscreen on the rest of our bodies. I watched as she paid attention to her breasts. Then as she protected her pussy from getting burned. Meanwhile I was making sure my cock wasn't going to get burned. We both finished then started walking towards the water.
'I'm a bit surprised you weren't harder while you were doing that.'
'I'm a bit surprised too. What about you? Were you turned on?'
'I was, but for me it was more from taking charge. I have to admit I found it a bit disappointing that you didn't lose control. Though it is probably a good thing on our first morning. I feel like I owe you a bit, seeing as I've come twice this morning and you have only come once.'
'Good point!' I laughed. 'Actually I don't think it's is important at all to keep score. I certainly won't be.'
'You know it is impossible for me not to keep score, right?'
My friend was the most competitive person I'd ever met.
'Ok, you keep score then, tell me when I'm winning.'
We got to the water and put our feet in. Then turned and started walking along the waterline. We walked past a number of people. Some naked and some not. A couple of women topless but not as open about their pussies. We even saw one guy with runners on, jogging nude, with his cock flopping around as he ran. Eventually we turned and walked back to the beach, to our clothes.
'Well, do we get dressed again before going back into the main part of the resort?' I asked.
'No, we just get our clothes and start walking along the path. Let's walk to the pool naked and go for a swim.'
'Are you sure?'
'That couple said that no one minded anything. I'm game. And if I'm game, then you are doing it with me.'
'Ok, now you're definitely turning me on.'
'Good,' she said. That's the idea. I want you to be walking around with a hardon, or I want you to be trying to get rid of it.
I smiled, 'Ok, let's do this.'
We collected our clothes, and started down the path.


Part 6


We tentatively walked to the pool, nervous about being nude in what seemed like a more orderly location than the beach. The pool was huge and there were many areas with sunbeds and deck chairs. All of the people walking around the pool were clothed, but we spotted a few who were tanning nude. We looked at each other and silently agreed that we were going to keep walking naked. We picked an area quite close to the bar, but where there were only 2 sunbeds next to each other. We stood there for a moment.
'So, I think it's your turn to get drinks, isn't it?' my friend stated.
'Like this? No one else is walking around nude.'
'No one else has to be. It is 'Clothing Optional'. We are choosing the option of no clothing. And I'm choosing to send you to the bar, naked amongst these people, to bring back 4 shots of tequila.'
I hesitated, but then committed to the bar. I walked casually, but didn't want to waste too much time. I was worried that I would have a full hardon by the time I was there if I didn't just concentrate on the drinks. I wanted to turn around to see what my friend was doing, but I thought that would just turn me on more.
I got the 4 shots and turned around. I was starting to get hard, but my cock wasn't sticking out much. When I turned round though, that changed. I saw my friend sitting back on the sun lounge. She was watching me closely, leaning back, with her tits sitting up perfectly. She had one leg straight out but the other was bent at the knee a little and twisted out. From the angle I had I could just see her pussy between her legs, but no one else would be able to tell. I was walking towards her and could feel my dick getting harder and harder. I was desperately trying to think of other things. That worked a bit but just stopped it from getting harder, unfortunately it was already sticking out at ninety degrees. I got closer and she smiled, then rubbed her hand over her tits, I could see she was paying attention to her nipples, but trying not to be obvious about it. She was as turned on as I was!
It felt like I was moving in slow motion but I finally made it to the area we had settled in. 'Your drinks ma'am,' I announced.
'Thanks, please put them on the table between our lounges. And while you are doing it, please keep your dick out of my face.'
I moved to the table and deliberately got as close as I could so that my dick was inches from her face. She smiled.
'So, the whole 'commanding what you have to do thing' works to send you naked over to the bar, but not to keeping your dick out of my face?'
'Haha. It seems that way, doesn't it. One was a turn on. The other was just funny to ignore.'
'It was a turn on for you, wasn't it. What was it like?'
'Gimme a second to settle down first,' I said. Then I lay down on the lounge, sitting up like she was. 'Shots first,' I said.
'Cheers', we clinked. Then I answered her question. 'It was definitely a turn on. I was doing everything I could to keep from getting a hardon walking over there. Then I ordered. The barman didn't seem remotely interested in what I was wearing or wasn't, so I relaxed a bit. But then I turned around and saw you watching me, with your legs slightly apart, and that got me going. I tried to walk calmly back to you but it wasn't easy. I knew I was hard and it was sticking out. I was walking past other people who were tanning or just relaxing with drinks. A lot of them seemed to notice but tried not to look. I think they didn't mind that I was walking around naked and semi-hard, they were just intrigued. And that didn't help me at all! Then I saw you rub your tits and realised that you were probably as hot as I was. What was it like for you?'
She smiled, 'shots first.' We had our second shots and she continued, 'I couldn't believe you did it, to be honest. I know you have a big exhibitionist streak, but the public is different to just being naked in the backyard at home. I was really impressed with how calm you were, but then when you turned around to come back I realised you weren't. Then I started to see the people you walked past. They were trying not to be obvious when you walked past, but once you did they all turned and followed you.'
'I'm so glad I didn't know that,' I said.
'I'm so glad I saw it! It was great when I made you walk over there. That made me hot. But then seeing everyone else's reaction to it was awesome. Knowing that I affected them all and turned a lot of them on, was awesome. It still is. It's everything I can to do stop myself from just reaching down and playing with myself.'
By now I was fully erect, and feeling self conscious.
'Jesus, this is turning me on. I need to turn over.' With that I flattened out the lounge and lay on my stomach.
'Oh, why did you do that. It was awesome seeing how hard you were.'
'It was making me uncomfortable.'
'Isn't that more uncomfortable?' she asked.
I smiled. 'Yes it is, in some ways. But in others I can put pressure on my dick without having to reach down and grab it, which I do NOT want to do out in public like this.'
'Aaah, of course. I'm very jealous.'
'How jealous.'
'Very. I'd love to masturbate out here, in front of everyone, but I can't to it.'
'I thought women could come just by squeezing their legs together, or something like that?'
'Really? How on earth would you know that?'
'From watching documentaries,' I smiled.
Then my friend suddenly got up and lay down the same was I was. We were facing each other.
'So, are you going to do this?'
'Are you?' she asked back.
I smiled. 'Ok, let's see if we can come out here in the open. How hot are you?'
'I'm hot. I'm not sure I'm going to be able to come, but I'm hot and getting hotter.'
I would see her butt cheeks squeezing together, just like mine were.
'I wish we were just sitting here facing each other,' she said, 'knowing that there are people around but doing it anyway. But this will have to do. Hey, I can see your butt squeezing, does that feel good?'
'It feels great. I can see you doing it too, is it getting you closer to coming?'
'Yes, but imagining I was playing with myself right here is helping too.'
'Keep talking then,' I encouraged.
'Well, I'd prefer to be sitting back how I was. I'd start subtly rubbing my nipples and gradually spreading my legs wider and wider. I'd tweak my nipples. Squeezing them harder and harder, then my hands would move down to my pussy.'
'Keep going,' I said, starting to get more breathless. I was pushing my cock against the lounge and flexing it. I could feel the precome making the towel a little wet.
'I'd start rubbing my clit. In circles, with one finger at the beginning. And while I was doing it I would look around to see if anyone was paying attention. If I noticed anyone I would keep looking at them, then push a finger into my pussy.'
I could see her butt cheeks squeezing and twitching. I was getting closer and closer. 'Keep going, I'm coming soon,' I panted.
'I'm seeing that more people are watching me. And I don't care. I just keep going. Every set of eyes is making me hotter. I pull a leg up high so I can get more of my hand between my legs, and stick another finger in my pussy. Oh god......'
I was watching the expression on her face and her come face put me over the edge too. My butt cheeks were twitching, I was panting. I opened my eyes and could see that my friend was looking at me.
'Jesus, that was incredible,' she said.
'I can't believe we both just came while sitting around a public pool. Do you think anyone noticed?'
'I kind of hope so. What about you?'
'Haha. Yeah. I hope so too. And I'm glad I can't see though. It is good not knowing, that way we can just pretend it never happened.'
'Yes. Agreed,' she said. Then after a few moments, continued, 'Well, I'm going to turn over and get some colour into my tits.'
'Great idea'
We both got up and reached for the town on our lounge at the same time. We pulled them off and replaced them with fresh towels, then inclined the lounge and sat back down.
'So, too messy to sit on?' she asked.
'Yup. You?'
'Me too,' and she laughed. 'I'm trying my hardest to look around and see if anyone is staring, but I'm trying not to move my head. What if we both look in different directions and tell each other about what we see.'
'Ok, I'm looking to my left a bit. There are about ten people I can see. All of them clothed. No one is staring over here, but there are a couple trying to subtly look. I think it is just that we are naked here though. What about you?'
'I can see 6 people. 2 are in the process of taking off their clothes. Looks like two girls on vacation together, getting the courage to nude up.'
'Not gay?' I asked.
'Not gay. But I bet they hook up before they leave this place. I don't think it is possible to get as turned on as they are going to get without some release.'
'We manage ok.'
'Haha. True. But girls are a bit different. It is easier for girls to just enjoy the moment and share an experience, even if they aren't gay. Guys operate differently. Anyway, whatever happens I'm jealous of them, because they are both pretty hot. You need to be looking at what I'm looking at.'
So I turned my head and could see what she was talking about. There were two girls of about college age in the process of taking off their bikinis. One of them looked over at us and then looked away quickly.
'She is easily spooked,' I said.
'Haha. Yes. But think about you and me. We are pretending we are experts but three hours ago was the first time we managed to get naked in public.'
'That's true.'
We kept subtly looking and the girls kept glancing at us. The next time, my friend smiled and waved. They looked a bit embarrassed, and said something to each other. They looked back and waved to us, smiling. Then they seemed to relax. They got on their lounges and started putting on sunscreen. I, of course, got a bit hard when they were going over their tits and between their legs, at which point one of them looked over and saw my semi hard dick sticking up. She just smiled and went back to her sun protection.
'They are pretty hot, aren't they,' my friend said.
'They are. But not as hot as you.'
'Ha, thanks for that.'
'Are you getting turned on again, seeing them rubbing their bodies like that?'
'I sure am.'
'Want to head back to the room where we can relax a bit?'
'That's a great idea.' she said, and immediately started getting up.
I joined her and very quickly we had our clothes, and we collected the used towels so that we could return them for cleaning.
'Should we put our clothes back on for the walk to our rooms?' I asked.
'Absolutely not,' she replied, once again in a commanding tone. 'We are going to walk out, past the two hot girls, then drop off our towels in the basket, and go to the room. And you are going to go first.'
I smiled, 'I love you,' I said. She smiled back at me, 'now get going!'
I started walking and she was following, we walked casually, without any hurry. I was trying to ignore my dick sticking out a bit, but also remembered what the nude couple we met earlier said, that sometimes you just can't help it.
My friend caught up and walked next to me. Reaching out for my hand, and we walked hand in hand towards the girls. When we got there my friend and I waved, and they waved back. As we kept walking my friend said, 'Enjoy yourselves girls, you guys are gorgeous. See what you've done to my friend?' pointing at my dick. The girls giggled but we didn't stop, and before long we had done the nude walk through the resort to our room.


Part 7


We got back to the room and went through the door. I closed it behind me and leaned back against it. I was exhausted. Not physically but emotionally. 'Wow,' I said, 'I didn't really know what to expect here but it has exceeded my expectations so far.'
My friend had dropped her clothes on the floor and dramatically flopped onto her bed on her back. 'Me too. I thought maybe we would just have a relaxing holiday and maybe a bit of fun in the room together, but this is crazy, and it's only the first day! I'm exhausted, even though we have done almost exactly nothing all day.'
'I don't know about that. We went for a walk along the beach. And we came in public without using our hands. That has to count as something!'
She sat up, 'good point.' Then hesitated for a moment and continued,'Go and have a shower,' she commanded.
I looked at her. It wasn't exactly a command to walk naked through a public area, but I didn't hesitate and went to the bathroom.
It was hot and humid outside so I had the water quite cold. It felt great against my skin, which had been tingling for much of the day with the excitement of being outside. I washed myself, enjoying cleaning my cock, but not too much. After a short time I looked up and put my face under the water, closing my eyes. I just held there for a while, enjoying the feeling. Then I felt a hand take my hand. I opened my mouth without thinking about what I was doing, then spluttered out the water. I looked forward and saw my friend in front of me.
'Wash my back,' she said, turning around. I took the soap and started rubbing her shoulders. She lifted up her arm above her head and I washed down her sides, trying hard not to reach around and clean her tits. I kept going down her back, and to her butt. She pushed against my hands as I rubbed her butt, squeezing her cheeks. Then she turned around.
'Switch positions,' she said.
We maneuvered around so that she was mostly under the water now. My cock rubbed against her as we moved, but she didn't seem to mind.
'Now wash my front,' she said. I looked her in the eyes and smiled, 'yes ma'am, with pleasure,' I replied.
I lathered my hands and went straight for her tits. I rubbed them gently, then squeezed them, one in each hand. I massaged them and tweaked the nipples. I bent forward and took each nipple in my mouth, in turn. I sucked, nibbled slightly with my teeth, then straightened up. She didn't say anything but was clearly relaxed and happy. I went back for more soap and started washing her belly, I went lower and lower, towards her pussy. I stopped just before getting there to lather my hands again. When I went back to it she had spread her legs to give me better access. I cleaned up and down the inside of her legs, then pushed up to her pussy. I rubbed back and forth along her slit. I pushed up harder, letting my finger slip slightly into her pussy, then back up to the top to clean her clit. I started rubbing her clit, faster and harder. Then abruptly I heard, 'ok, that's enough, I think I'm clean now.'
I looked at her and she smiled. I still had my hand on her pussy, but I moved it away.
'Thanks, that was nice,' she said. She leaned forward and kissed me. Then slid past me to get out, rubbing against my cock again in the process.
I turned off the shower and took a towel to dry off. She was doing the same.
'What now?' I asked.
'Well, what about a nap, and then some dinner? I know I was against naps this morning, but it's been a long day and yesterday was also a long day. I'd like to just relax and freshen up a bit.'
'That sounds like a plan,' I replied. We both left the bathroom and got into bed. I set an alarm for a couple of hours, so that we didn't sleep too long and ruin our sleep for the night. I automatically reached for the TV remote and turned it on. Then remembered my manners, 'Do you mind if I put the TV on?'
'Fine by me, just turn it down a bit. And no porn, I just want to rest.'
'No problem.' I flicked through until I found Happy Gilmore about halfway through. I settled back to watch and doze off. My friend came closer and snuggled against me. I put my arm under her head and she adjusted herself. Then both of us, completely comfortable, relaxed and dozed for the next couple of hours, until the alarm woke us.
We got dressed, that is, we put on shorts and shirts and didn't worry about any underwear, and headed off to dinner. Apart from the occasional sideways look from some of the other guests, dinner was quiet. The food was good and the company was great. We talked throughout, the conversation effortlessly moving from one topic to another, without once referring back to the events of the day. When we were finished we went to the beach. Without really thinking about it, we took off our clothes and walked naked along the beach. It was a perfect night, same as last night. We walked as the sun set gradually over the water, less talkative now, but comfortable in the silences. We turned around after about an hour, eventually getting back to the resort well after dark. We didn't bother putting our clothes back on as we walked through the resort back to our room. We walked past a few different people, exchanging the traditional eyebrow raise as we went past. Then we saw the two girls from the pool walking towards us. One of them was topless and the other completely naked. We stopped in front of them, everyone smiling.
'Are you off for a walk?' my friend asked.
'Yes,' the naked one said, seeming to be the more confident of the two.
'We are just coming back from one, just along the beach. It's beautiful there, and you are dressed perfectly for it.'
'Haha, well. After the pool this afternoon we both got a bit more courageous. Some more than others,' she said, teasing her topless partner.
'That's fine,' replied my friend. 'Each to their own. No judgements here.' Then she continued, 'well, we'll leave you to it. Enjoy your walk.' Then she took my hand and started walking past. She hesitated for a moment when we were past them, turned, and said, 'And by the way, you both have spectacular tits.'
They stopped and turned around, 'Thanks, so have you,' the topless one replied. Then we all turned and went our own ways.
'You're trying to turn them on, aren't you,' I said.
'Am I that obvious?' my friend replied. Then she giggled a little, 'but yes. Does that make me a bad person?'
'Of course it does! But that is why I love you.'
I took her arm and we walked the rest of the way arm in arm, sharing the closeness.
We got to the room and relaxed onto the bed.
I reached for the TV remote, as is my habit, turned the TV on and started flicking through the channels.
'See if you can find the one you found last night,' I heard.
I looked over and saw that my friend was sitting comfortably back against her pillows, with her legs crossed, exposing her pussy, but otherwise just relaxing.
'Are you turned on a bit by the girls outside?' I asked.
'Seeing gorgeous naked girls, and thinking about them having sex later, and knowing that maybe I contributed to that? To a gay girl with an authoritative streak, the answer to that is a resounding, yes.'
I turned, leaned over and kissed her on the cheek. 'I love you sweetie. You crack me up,' and smiled. She smiled back at me.
I eventually found the channel I found last night and it turned out to be another Girls Gone Wild movie.
'So tell me about what normally happens on these videos,' she said.
'I told you last night, there really isn't too much more to it than that. Just lean back and relax.'
'I will, but you have forgotten something. Where are our Christmas presents?'
I went to my bag and got my Christmas Present, and also some moisturiser. Then I went to her bag and got the vibrator and the ring. I turned around and looked at my friend, pussy exposed and sitting back on the bed. I licked the ring and turned it on. I briefly rubbed it against my semi-hard cock to see what it felt like, and then reached over and held it on her clit. She smiled, and took it from my hand. 'Thanks, but I can do that.' So I put the vibrator next to her and went back to my side of the bed.
I settled back down and sat cross-legged as well.
'Are we going to share that moisturiser, or do you need to get me some more?' she asked.
I laughed and moved the cream and fleshlight between us. I put some cream on my hand and started rubbing my dick with it.
'This looks promising,' my friend said. And I turned my attention back to the TV. There were two girls on screen. Both fully clothed and looking shy. The eyes are what got my friend's attention though. Both had beautiful blue eyes.
'You're right. So, what do you want them to do?'
'Kissing is great to watch. Two girls kissing in particular.' Then I noticed that she was rubbing the ring up and down her pussy.
'I don't think you will be let down. There is always kissing. Sometimes that is all there is, but sometimes it goes a lot further. Normally the hotter the girls are the earlier it stops.'
'So the hotter the smarter?' my friend asked. 'That hasn't been my experience at all,' she joked.
We settled back to watch what happened, both casually rubbing ourselves, by now quite used to being together while we masturbated.
The girls on the TV were both topless now, they were holding each other close, kissing, and rubbing each other's tits. The cameraman kept telling them how hot they were and they seemed to be getting more out of control.
I looked over again. Now she was rubbing her clit with one hand while pushing the ring into her pussy.
'Don't get carried away,' I said, 'there is probably a bit more to go.'
'I know what I'm doing,' she said. Then she switched the ring and her fingers, pushing two fingers into her pussy, and pushing the ring hard against her clit. I kept watching her and she was watching the TV. She pushed her fingers harder and faster into her pussy. She uncrossed her legs and spread them as wide as she could, which meant I couldn't see her pussy anymore. So I moved to the end of the bed and leaned on my stomach and watched her from as close as possible. I ground my cock into the bed to get that feeling pleasure, but I left it alone and concentrated on my friend. I leaned up on my elbows and looked at her face. She was looking at me. I smlied and she smiled back. I looked back at her pussy as she was continuing to work it hard with both hands.
'Get closer,' she demanded. So I crawled closer between her legs. My face only inches from her hands as they worked away at her pussy. I could smell her now. 'Tell me how hot you are,' she commanded.
'I don't think I have ever been this turned on. Watching you, this close. I can smell you. I can hear the sounds of your pussy, as your fingers are pounding in and out. I've never seen you work your pussy this hard and it is so fucking hot. I've never seen you this open, and it is incredible. You are incredible. You are so hot. Sexy. Alive,' then I looked up again and she was still watching me. Then I could tell she started coming. She was trying to stay looking at me, but kept closing her eyes as well. She was moaning loudly. The fingers pushed into her pussy stopped moving. The ring was still on her clit, but she was panting. Then suddenly I felt some wetness on my cheek. I looked back at her pussy and she squirted again, getting me in the face again. I looked up to her and she was looking at me, smiling. She squirted a little once more, but it didn't make it to my face.
'Jesus, did you know that was going to happen?' I asked.
'I had a good feeling about it, that's why I wanted you down there. I wanted to come on your face, and having your face down there, knowing what was going to happen, was what made it possible.'
I smiled up at her. 'Well, I'm glad I could help with your power play.' I licked my lips and wiped my face. I could taste her and that was great by me.
'What some?' I asked.
'No, I want you to wipe it off and lick it off your fingers.'
I moved back to sit up on the other side of the bed and did as she asked.
'Have I missed any,' I asked.
She reached over and slid a finger along the bottom of my chin. She sucked the finger and smiled, with her finger still in her mouth. 'I think that's got it all,' she said. Then she put the ring down and picked up the vibrator. She immediately pushed it all the way into her pussy. 'I'm ready to go again,' she said, and turned to watch the TV again.
I returned my attention to it as well, and by now the girls were both naked. They were taking turns kissing and licking each other's tits, as they were lying on a bed.
'You're right, it does go further than flashing tits on a beach,' said my friend.
'I think this one is still has a lot go come, so to speak,' I joked.
'Hopefully there is some of this that happens,' she said. Then she picked up my fleshlight and put it to her mouth. She licked the replicated pussy lips of Tori Black, and then pushed her tongue into it. She pulled it away from her mouth and pulled the vibrator out of her pussy. The vibrator was completely covered with her juices and slid into the fleshlight. She twisted it around then pulled it out and immediately put it back into her pussy. She smiled at me and handed me the fleshlight.
I smiled and thanked her. Then moved it down to my cock. I pushed it down onto my cock, feeling the different ridges as I did. Then said, 'let's get back to the movie.'
The girls on the screen were now in a 69 position. The camera was switching back and forth from each of their perspectives. One was fingering her friend and rubbing her clit with her other hand. The other had her mouth clamped hard on the pussy in front of her.
'Do you like this?' I asked.
'Do I like watching it, or doing it?'
'I'm assuming you like doing it. What's not to like? I meant do you like watching it?'
'Yes, I like watching it. I like watching it a lot. I especially like watching it with a vibrator in my pussy and a clit stimulator on my clit. I like that part a lot. And I like knowing what I just did to you, and what I'm doing to you right now. But mostly, I'm turned on by the fact that you are going to get up now, turn off the lights, and open the curtains.'
I didn't hesitate. I got up and did what she asked, then I went back to the bed.
'Keep doing what you were doing,' she said.
'No problem,' I replied. I got comfortable again and returned my attention to the girls on the screen. They were scissoring now and were clearly close to coming.
'I'm going to be done in about 20 seconds I think,' I said.
'No you aren't, you're going to let me come first,' she said, using that commanding tone again.
'Fuck. I'll try, but you need to get a move on.'
'No, you won't try!'
And so I stopped pumping the fleshlight and looked at her. She smiled and returned her gaze to the TV, then started pumping the vibrator in and out of her pussy.
I had calmed down a bit, so started pumping the fleshlight, but stopped every time I was getting close. Meanwhile she looked like she was getting close again, and the girls on the screen had miraculously found dildos, and were lying next to each other masturbating.
'Oh, shit, they are turning me on,' I heard, and I looked over. My friend had rotated the vibrator around and now had the clit stimulator pushed against her butt. With her other hand she had grabbed the ring and was working that on her clit.
'Jesus you look hot. So fucking hot. How far away are you?'
She looked over at me and her hips started bucking. She was riding the vibrator hard, the stimulator now in her butt about an inch.
'Fuck, don't you dare come before me,' she yelled. She was bucking her hips, trying to get the whole vibrator inside. She opened her eyes and looked at me. I was sitting there watching her, with the fleshlight on my cock, not daring to move it. I smiled, 'I love you.'
'Ohhhh...' was all she could reply with, and she came again. Thrusting her hips into the air, yelling out, louder than last time. Eventually calming down. Then she looked at me and smiled.
'Ok, it's your turn now, but not quite yet.' She pulled the vibrator out of her pussy and pushed it into my mouth. I sucked her juice off it, and she pulled it out again. Then she got off the bed and turned the TV off. Then she turned the lights back on. She turned to me and smiled, then got onto the bed and sat directly in front of me, with her legs spread.
'I want you to come, but I want it to be from me, not from the TV. Now, start pumping that thing again.'
I was watching her as she started to tweak her nipples. She moved her other hand to her pussy and started rubbing her clit again. She moved her fingers down and spread her pussy lips wide, and stayed sitting like that. Her back was to the window, and it was impossible to tell if there was anyone outside, but if there was they could see everything we were doing.
It was never going to take me long to come in that situation, but having been so close to the brink so many times already, it took about 20 seconds until I could feel it coming.
'Take the fleshlight off, and aim your cock straight up,' I was told, and I did as I was told.
It only took another couple of pumps to start losing control. I tried to aim straight up but had no idea if I succeeded. Though I did feel the splatter of come landing on my stomach.
I kept coming and coming, the orgasm seeming to go forever, but it had to end eventually and I started to relax back onto the bed.
I opened my eyes and saw my friend's face directly above mine. She leaned down and kissed me on the lips. I kissed her gently back and we held the kiss for a while. Then she took a towel and wiped my come off me. Some off my thighs, some off my stomach, and off my chest. Even some off my cheek. Then she kissed me again. I closed my eyes and heard the words 'go to sleep sweetie,' and that is the last thing I remember.


Part 8


The next few days flew past, and we settled into a routine. Up for breakfast then a walk on the beach. Back to the pool for a swim and some tanning. Back to the room for a nap, then dinner and another long walk along the beach. The only time we had clothes on was for the meals, and even there my friend started going topless about halfway through the week. We also noticed that more people were naked around the resort and the pool than there was when we first arrived. I wondered whether we had anything to do with this. We had long stopped worrying about when and where it was ok to be naked, and it was a long time since the curtain in our room had been closed. We weren't deliberately doing anything provocative, we just weren't concerned who saw what. The other thing I noticed was that the girls we had met at the pool earlier in the week were now holding hands whenever we saw them.
Quickly it became our last night at the resort. We had dinner as usual. Both my friend and I were just wearing shorts. We were the only ones going topless in the restaurant, but it wasn't against the rules so no one said anything. We would get looks from people from time to time. Always respectful and friendly. There were some knowing looks too, which made me think maybe they had noticed our curtain never closed.
Once we had finished we headed for the beach. As soon as we left the restaurant we took off our shorts and dropped them off on a sunlounge by the pool as we went past. I'd like to say the sunset was the best that night, but the usual clouds were not there, so it wasn't as good as previous nights. But, of course, it was still spectacular. We'd been walking for about an hour and a half, then decided to turn around. It was further than we had been before, but I guess neither of us really wanted it to end. We had been close before this vacation, but had definitely got closer during the week. It wasn't so much the sex, it was more the shared intimacy. Being constantly naked somehow made us more vulnerable and honest than if we were hiding our bodies. We talked about everything. About our fears and our secrets. About our dreams and dreads. I'd never felt so close to someone and I just didn't want it to end. But, like all vacations, it had to, and that day was almost here.
By the time we got back to the pool the resort was quiet. It was nearly midnight. We had been walking nearly four hours. I went straight to the pool and sat on the side, putting my feet in. My friend sat down next to me.
'What are you thinking?' she said, with a smile on her face, knowing that the question was genuine but stereotypical as well.
'Just sad that it is the last day I supposed. I've enjoyed having this week with you.'
'I know, I feel the same,' she replied, as put her arm through mine and leaned her head on my shoulder.
The silence was perfect, and we sat there. I'd never felt more relaxed and contented. I don't know how long we were sitting there, but eventually noticed that the two girls we knew were making out on a sunlounge in a secluded part of the pool area. I quietly pointed this out to my friend, who made them out as well.
'Looks like they are having fun,' she said.
'It sure does. I'm very jealous.'
'Jealous? After everything we have done this week?'
'Well, we have never made out in public,' I responded.
'Ok, that's true. I was thinking more of when we came while lying by the pool early in the week. Or all the times we masturbated in front of the windows with the lights on.'
I put my finger to her chin and turned her head to face me. Then I kissed her on the lips. She kissed me back, gently. Then pulled away.
'Sorry, but I don't want to do any more than that,' she said.
'I know. You don't need to be sorry. I just wanted to kiss you.'
'And I'm glad you did.'
I just smiled. I knew that she wasn't lying. And I knew that she meant it in that she didn't want the kiss to progress to anything. And I knew that I was ok with that, but it didn't mean I didn't want more sometimes, even though I was happy with what we had.
'What are you thinking?' she asked again, laughing out loud this time.
I laughed too. 'I was thinking that I'm happy,' I half lied. 'And that I'm going to miss this place.'
'Don't be so maudlin,' she said. 'We haven't gone yet!'
'Ha, very true,' I replied, and gave her a hug.
'Ok,' she asked, 'is there anything that you want for this last night?'
I think she was feeling bad about the kissing, and was trying to make up for it. It just happened that I had something in mind that I'd been thinking of for the entire vacation.
'Well, it is funny you should ask. I've had something in mind for a while now.'
She unhooked her arm from mine and turned to look at me. 'Really? That sounds interesting. I thought we had shared just about everything we could already. What is on your mind?'
'Well, this is an image I've loved for a long time. I want you to sit on the edge of the pool, on the corner, with your legs up, and masturbate for me.'
'Out here? In the open?'
'You asked if there was anything I wanted,' I replied, smiling.
She smiled back, with some mischief in her eyes. 'Ok then. But here is what you are doing. You will be in the water right in front of me.'
'That doesn't sound like an imposition at all.'
'And you can't play with yourself until I say you can.'
'Wow.' That was all I could say.
'Trust me,' she said, and she got into the water and swam over to the corner. The corner she picked was directly facing the secluded area where it looked like the two naked girls were progressing past just kissing.
My friend got out of the pool and sat on the corner. She had her feet in the water, and she looked up and beckoned me over. I dropped into the water and swam over. Once I was there she lifted one leg out of the water and told me, kiss my leg. I looked at her and smiled. The bottom of the pool was a perfect height for me to stand and kiss her leg. I started low and kissed my way up to her thigh. Then she stopped me with her hand. She lifted her other leg out of the pool and told me to kiss the other leg. Again, I started at the bottom and worked my way up to her pussy. She stopped me again, this time telling me to move back a bit. I moved back so I was about three feet from her pussy, and looked up to her eyes. She was looking at me too, and smiled. My face was just in front her her pussy. I could see her legs spread wide, with her feet on the edges of the pool. It was an image that I'd always loved and now I was right in front of it.
'Remember, no playing with yourself, you are just there to do what you are told,' she ordered.
'No problems,' I replied. 'Well, some problems, perhaps. In theory I'm all in, but it's not going to be easy!'
'Well, it's not easy for me either.'
'It looks pretty easy.'
'Ha. It is amazing how our barriers have dropped since we have been here. Remember the first night?'
'I remember. We were a bit nervous, even about walking nude through the resort.'
'Yes, and now I'm sitting in the resort, with my legs spread wide,' she reached down and put a finger into her pussy, 'playing with myself out in the open.'
She was right, of course. I was just standing in the water. She was wide open. Anyone could come past and see. I resisted the urge to grab my cock and start working on it, but it wasn't easy.
'You don't like being vulnerable,' I stated.
'No, but I will for you. Having said that, it is a huge turn-on too! And knowing you are there without any release is enough of a turn-on to counteract the rest.'
I was looking at her talk, then I dropped my head back to her pussy level. She had taken her finger out of her pussy and was rubbing herself.
'Come over here,' she said.
I walked over, wading through the water that was up to my chest. She reached forward with her finger and I immediately put it in my mouth. When I had finished sucking on her finger I pulled it out of her mouth and put it back into her pussy. I slipped my finger in along with it and left it there. For all we had done this week, and for all the intimacy we had shared, there had been very little physical contact between us.
She pumped her finger in and out for a while, with her palm pushing against her clit. Then she pulled it out. I looked up, wondering if she wanted me to pull my finger out too, but she just smiled. She started working on her clit again. I pushed my finger further in, then out, then slowly started pumping it. She leaned back with one arm, while the other was working at her clit. I pushed another finger into her and wiggle them around as much as I could. She sat back up and looked down at me.
'Keep doing that.'
'I can do more if you like.'
'What were you thinking of?'
'I was thinking of sucking your clit and pushing my tongue as far as I can up your pussy. That is what I was thinking of.'
'I thought you might have been. And I think I'd like you to do that, but back away first.'
I looked up at her, and reluctantly pulled my fingers out of her pussy.
'Let me have those fingers,' she said.
I went over and she took my hand, then sucked my fingers. She continued to suck them long after her juices were gone.
'I can give you something else to suck if you like,' I joked.
She smiled, 'I'm sure you can. I'm sorry though. I love you, but the thought of taking your cock in my mouth is horrible. In fact, let's not talk about it or I will get an instant soft-on.'
'Ha, 'soft-on'? Is that a thing for a girl?
'You know what I mean. Ok, now move back to where you were before.'
I moved back so that my head was about 3 feet from her pussy again. I could feel the currents in the water push against my cock as I moved. It was getting more and more difficult to keep my hands away from it. At least while I was fingering her I was busy, but not wasn't easy.
She leaned back on two arms and smiled at me. Her legs still spread wide. Her pussy lips swollen and open.
'You are still not allowed to touch yourself,' she said. 'Now, I have something to tell you, but you can't react in any way. You need to stay looking at me and talking as if nothing has happened. Agreed?'
'Of course.'
'Our friends over there have moved into the pool and are doing the same thing as we are. Right now I'm looking at the one sitting on the edge of the pool, and she is sitting exactly the same as me.'
'Jesus,' I said. Every fibre of my being wanted me to turn around but I resisted. As I was resisting my hand moved to my cock.
'Leave your cock alone,' she said.
I looked at her again, my eyes begging her to give me permission. She ignored me.
'Ok, come closer again.'
I moved closer slowly. Eventually getting to her pussy. I blew on it and gently stroked her inner thighs with the backs of my fingers. I moved closer and closer, blowing as I went. Then I kissed her pussy lips gently. With the tip of my tongue I licked her, but didn't go any further.
I looked up, 'what are they doing now?'
'One is sitting like me, the other is busy eating her out, just like you should be doing.'
'Do they know we are here?'
'Of course they do, idiot,' she joked. 'The one without a face full of pussy is looking at me right now,' and then she waved.
I couldn't resist and buried my face in her pussy, just like she said. I licked her from the bottom of her slit to the top, pushing my tongue into her. Then I started over, and over and over. I'd make sure I pushed against her clit at the top, but didn't stay on it. I just kept licking her. Bottom to top.
'Tell me what you are feeling, what you want. And tell me what they are doing,' I asked when I came up for air.
'I'm feeling so fucking horny. Out in the open. Legs wide. I know that from behind no one can really see what is going on, which is awesome. I know they would suspect, but they can't see. But the best part is that I'm watching to girls have sex in front of me, and they know I'm doing it.'
'What about the fact that it is a guy at your pussy?'
'Well, don't take this the wrong way, but I don't really think of you as a guy. Just as someone I love. And I love that the fact that someone I love is eating my pussy.'
'Well, I feel like I should be offended that you don't think of my as a guy, but I know what you mean.' Then I went back to her pussy. I opened my mouth wide and put it over her pussy. I left it there and licked with my tongue, pushing it up and down and in and out of her. I looked up and she was watching me.
'There are few things as hot as watching someone going down on you. Especially when they are doing such a great job,' she said.
I kept going until my tongue was getting tired. Then I released her pussy from my mouth. I pushed two fingers into her as far as I could, then went to her clit. I pumped my fingers in and out of her pussy and started sucking her clit. I rubbed it against the roof of my mouth with my tongue. Squeezing it while sucking on it. I heard a gasp, and took this as an expression of approval and also a request to keep doing what I was doing.
'Keep going, that's great,' she said, starting to pant a little while she was talking. 'Don't let this distract you, but you know know that both of the girls are now sitting on the side of the pool watching us and playing with each other. Their legs are on the edge of the pool and are overlapping so they are close enough to reach each other's pussy. They are looking at me while I'm talking, and I'm sure they know that I'm telling you what I can see.'
This turned me on even more and I was determined to get my friend to come as soon as I could. I kept sucking her clit and fingering her, but then I pushed my little finger against her butt. She squirmed a little as I pushed it in, then I pushed another finger in, only about an inch. I heard another groan. I started pumping all four fingers in and out of her pussy and ass. I could feel her starting to come, and kept going. After a short time she pushed my head back and I looked up.
'Keep going with your fingers,' she gasped. And keep close, I want to come in your face.'
I did as I was told, pumping my fingers and looking at her face. She was looking down, but starting to lose focus. I could feel her pussy starting to twitch, and kept going. Before long her whole body was twitching. Her hips thrusting against my hand. She leaned her head back and moaned again, loudly this time, and there could be no escaping what sort of moan it was if anyone else heard her. Then there was a moment of calm, before she squirted from her pussy. My hand took most of it so I removed it, then I got a spray in my face. I looked up and she was watching, as I licked my lips. She got me again, and I could see that she smiled. Then she leaned her head back again, and moved one hand to gently rub her pussy again.
'Did you like that?' I asked.
'Did I like having sex in public? Or did I like watching two hot girls have sex while I was, and then watch them masturbating as they were watching me? Or did I like you fingering my butt? Or did I like coming in your face, just like I told you to?'
'Yep,' I responded, 'did you like that?'
'I LOVED that,' she said as she dropped into the pool. She came over to me and kissed me on the lips. Then she started kissing and licking my face, cleaning her come off me. I put my arms around her and hugged her close. I could feel my dick pushing against her. She kissing my face for a while and I felt like she was deliberately pushing against my cock. She stopped and looked at me.
'Thanks, that was amazing. Now I need you to trust me one last time, ok?'
'Umm, I was kind of hoping to just be able to finish myself off now.'
'I need you to trust me. Leave your cock alone.'
'Ok,' I accepted her demand.
'Now turn around,' she said.
I turned around reluctantly, but trusting her. Then I realised what she was doing. I immediately saw the two girls. They were sitting just as she had described them earlier. Sitting on the side of the pool masturbating each other.
My friend hugged me from behind and whispered in my ear, 'now you can see what I was seeing when I came.' After that I felt a hand on my cock and it squeezed tight.
'Are you sure?' I asked.
'I'm sure,' she replied. 'It doesn't turn me on to do it, but I'm turned on watching them. And I figured I owe you something after this week. Then she kissed me on the neck.
The girls were watching us, while my friend was playing with my cock. They hadn't stopped what they were doing. I felt like I should acknowledge them, so I waved. They both waved back, but continued what they were doing.
My friend is doing a good job on my cock, particularly with her lack of experience and interest, and I'm getting close to coming. Then I feel a hand between my legs and a finger pushing against my butt. Then it pushes into me and I gasp a little. I'm not just about ready to come and tell my friend.
Suddenly she stops and lets go of me. I'm about to complain and she says again, 'trust me.' Then feel that she is moving. The takes my hand and starts to walk to the opposite edge of the pool. The two girls sitting there are clearly happy with this development.
'Hi,' they both politely say when we get close, their fingers continuing to rub each other's clits.
'Sorry if we offended you,' my friend said. 'We thought the area was empty.'
'Really?' they asked, obviously doubting the story.
'Haha, ok. I saw you over in the shadows making out, and deliberately positioned myself so that I could watch you while I was masturbating. I've wanted to do that from the first time I saw you by the pool and you were tentatively taking off your clothes to reveal your hot bodies.'
This time it was their turn to laugh, 'Ok, I believe that. Wow, that seems like so long ago. You know that your encouragement helped us experiment more in our room. In fact, seeing what you were doing in your room every night, masturbating without having sex, gave us the courage to experiment ourselves. It turned out that the experimentation felt better than anything else we had done, and, well, you can see the rest.'
'Yes we can,' I replied. 'And what we can see is two beautiful girls who trust and care about each other, and who are sharing a once in a lifetime experience with nudity and sexuality.'
My friend continued, 'And, to be honest, what we would like right now is for you to continue doing what you are doing, while I masturbate my friend. He has done such a great job of getting me off and I'd like to return the favour. The big plus for us is that we both like girls and so it will be awesome for both of us, and, to be honest, will distract me a bit from the pokey thing!'
They looked at each other and smiled, then turned back.
'Honestly I don't really know why you even asked, but I appreciate the politeness. Watching you guys has made us both come so many times this week, but you probably didn't know that. Anyway, we would like nothing more than to share that with you.'
My friend moved so that she was behind me again. She took my cock in her hand and started pumping. Then quickly pushed her finger back into my ass. I gasped and lost focus. Then started watching the girls in front of me.
They both had their fingers deep in each other's pussies and were using their other hand to rub their clits. I couldn't take my eyes of them. Meanwhile my inexperienced friend was doing a great job with my cock and started to gently pump the finger in and out of my butt. I couldn't take it any longer and I started moaning. 'Keep going,' I panted, and I felt the finger go further in. I came there and then in the water, sinking down, but being held up by my friend who was still holding my cock and fingering my butt. Then I looked up and saw that both girls in front of us were about to come. Both had their heads back and were starting to shake. Then they came together, losing control out in a public area, in front of two strangers. By this time my friend was next to me and we had arms around each other.
When they had regained composure my friend said, 'thanks for that, you guys are awesome. I'm so glad that you found each other this week, I was hoping you would. And don't worry about the future, experimenting this weekend doesn't mean a life change, but it does open some doors in the future. Besides, fucking a hot chick you care about shouldn't be a bad thing, right? I'm sure we all agree on that!'


Epilogue


Then next day was a sad day. Sad to leave the resort but also sad that we were returning to our homes along. We were at the airport, waiting for the flights that send us on our own ways.
'I hate this so much,' she said, clearly putting on a front to stop from being emotional. Then she softened, 'I love you so much. I wish i could get my head around actual sex with you, but I can't. But I am happy with what we have. We should move in together and just live like we are.'
I looked at her and my eyes started to water. I didn't know what to say.