Panama
Jerry was off duty for the next month, but he would never be completely out of the loop, as military attache. We still travelled around the country, with our eyes open.
He took me to the islands on the Caribbean side, and we enjoyed two weeks in a beachfront retreat in Bocas Del Toro.
We used water taxis and checked out every bar and restaurant in the Archipelago. It seemed like everyone knew a lot of English, but Jerry was fluent in Spanish, and Portugeze, so there was really no one that he couldn't communicate with. We even met with some traditional groups, and Jerry was able to talk with them, using his hands more than normal, but still getting his message across.
Jerry rented a small sailboat and he taught me how to sail in the little bay in front of our cottage. We made love in the cockpit, while the wind was the only sound, and nature our only guest. Every moment was both a confirmation of how wonderful our union could be, and a reminder that we could still be great friends.
When I became more comfortable, we decided to leave our land base, for a week or two on our own. There were so many islands that had no one on them, and nice beaches to explore. We had sun screen, bug juice, coffee, rum, basic cooking supplies and fresh water.
We set sail with no plan, no route, and no cares.
We snorkeled with turtles and rays, and among schools of purple and lavender and aqua striped fish, that moved like waves in the tide, feeding on plankton and oblivious to their own beauty.
We hunted for crabs and made fires on shore to cook the food that we had scrounged. It was only the sand bugs and mosquitoes that sent us scurrying back to our cabin, and our netting, to make love and sleep.
Two weeks went by in no time, and we wanted some time in the big city too, so we handed the sailboat back, and took the short flight back to Panama City.
Back at his apartment, Jerry got on the phone to find out where the party was going to be tonight.
The Government and the Military ran in one circle, in Panama, so Major Rodriguez was on everyone's list, when it came to parties. Ten minutes later he had dinner reservations at a rooftop restaurant with a 5 star Chief, then we would party at another waterfront bar, and play it by ear from there.
At the stunning restaurant the men were in their 60's while the women were either 20ish or with their husbands. . We nibbled on oysters and drank vodka sours, while watching the sun set over the Pacific. It didn't escape my notice that every woman in the room wanted to be with my date.
Before we could get to our table, Jerry redirected the maitre d and insisted that we would be dining with Mrs. Sipata and her daughter.
"Surprise Shylo, you are now involved in International Diplomacy!" Jerry announced both to me, and the table of guests.
Jerry introduced me as a Phycology Major, concentrating on Sexuality, which was probably more wicked than saying 'stripper', so I was happy to play the part.
"Jerry always has the most interesting woman at the party," Mrs Sipata told me, but he doesn't always leave with the one he brought," she confided much more quietly.
I could feel the tension between the Major and our host's daughter.
Jerry spent the next hour conversing solely with our senior member.
He gave a detailed account of our time over the last 2 weeks, while listening to every tidbit that Senora Rene imparted. I saw his hand go under the table, and I know that Rene took his hand and made use of it. Over the next half hour I watched as Rene achieved orgasm after orgasm, though she didn't move, she just closed her eyes, and hummed.
Yes, like a vibrator. The sound probably soothed her, but it made what could have been discreet, quite obvious to anyone at the table and to the waitstaff.
After what could have been a nap, her eyes opened, and she turned to Jerry to dismiss him.
"Would you please accompany Heather to the Smithsonian Foundation Party this evening, Major Rodriquez," Mrs. Sipata asked, "she won't mind the added guest I'm sure." She looked me over, with approval.
"Of course, we were going there ourselves Rene," he confessed, "but aren't you going too?" he queried.
"Oh, I was only going as a chaperone for Heather, but having found a man that I can trust, I am thrilled to give her over to Major Rod, and the Shy Temptress that he has graced us with." Rene finished.
Please take our ride there Jerry, I will go shopping, then have a car collect me.
Four heavy set men came to the table as if on cue, but more likely they were summoned on the headphones that they each had.
Rene left with her entourage and Heather introduced us to the Captain of our helicopter, who had joined us for our dinner!
Rene was the First Lady of Panama!
We headed for the roof, while momma headed for the boutiques that would be open for her alone.
"What rank is 007," I wondered out loud, as we went up the stairs instead of using the elevator with everyone else.
"He's a Commander in the Royal Navy", Jerry responded, "that's about the equal of our Lt. Colonel he continued.
"Was this planned", I asked, as I realised we had not even eaten!
"Well, it was a possible connection, and it worked out great," he concluded.
"You will like Heather, if you give her a chance," and my thoughts turned to sex again.
As the Captain went through the preflight checks, Heather pulled out a pack of smokes and produced a giant blunt!
Soon Jerry was standing with his jacket held high, to fend off the cyclonic startup of the helicopter, while Heather and I hovered 6 inches apart, in front of Jerry's expansive chest
"In your circles, is Jerry's dick big or small," she bluntly began our discourse.
Of course Jerry was only ten inches away himself, but I know that the best story is the one closest to the truth, so I went with it.
"He's far from the biggest, but he knows how to use what he's got," I answered, boldly myself.
"What about his tongue, Shylo," does he know what a woman wants?" she got right to the point.
"Once you have felt my tongue, you will stop wondering about his," I promised, and her eyebrows nearly burst through her forehead in surprise.
The ride was fast, but still, a thrill that I will not soon forget. The lights of the city reflected off the water, the shipping crossing the channel, and the sun setting in the distance was just surreal. The earphones forced you to rely totally on your eyes for input, and the reflection of the moon on the channel waters was just mesmerizing.
The helipad was 100 yards into a bay, for safety, so we had to take a little dingy to the restaurant after all. This party had its own security, which was attached to the military. The Smithsonian referred to the Tropical Research Center, on its own island near Panama City.
The ticket for this event was covered by the U.S. Gov. and could have funded a Panamanian family for a year. I got my fill of shrimp, though I hadn't thought that there was such a thing! Heather noted my appetite, and asked how I kept so fit.
"I'm on our swim team, and I work as an exotic dancer," I informed her. She nodded, and I wondered how much she already knew.
"The Majors mother came from humble beginnings," I know, Heather nodded, my own mother was a local singer, barely having risen above prostitution before my father found her, now how about a dance Miss Morra," she trailed off, "but I can't promise you a dollar!"
I took her hand and headed for the floor, giving Jerry a wink as we slipped by.
Young Miss Panama was a healthy 20 year old, and everyone knew her, as other girls and young men piled onto the dance floor to accompany us. Jerry gave us a lot of room, while always staying in sight. When the first boy grabbed her ass, I looked at her face and knew that she needed some fun. I could see Jerry, ready to jump, but I put my index finger up, hoping he would pause.
Soon Heather singled out a young man, and we all settled down, and relaxed.
Bobby, was a known player since his father was a Colonel, but he was not in the military himself, he would still be a Minister or Senior Consultant if his education was good enough.
We shook it out with some local tunes, and I was feeling the effects from that joint that we had shared, and wondered if there was something sprinkled or sprayed on it. Bobby was flitting in and out of our dance, while he was constantly being followed by Heather's eyes.
When a slower dance came up, Bobby was right there, to hold Young Miss Sipata.
Jerry showed up, and we swung around the floor, as if we had been partnered for years. I had no idea that Jerry had such moves. He found ways to twirl me, and spin me, and he even got to grab my ass a few times.
Heather finally had to go to the Ladies room, so a few of us went too.
As we pressed in Bobby grabbed Heather's hand and pulled her into a stall.
I was not fast enough to intervene, and I wasn't about to take down a bathroom stall, without any indication that there was trouble. Two other girls just giggled like it was a common occurrence, and they nipped into stalls themselves.
Within 60 seconds, there were sounds that could not be mistaken for anything other than passion, and that's spelled with a capital SEX.
I decided that patience was the correct course, so I reached down and grabbed Heather's purse. Sure enough there were a half dozen blunts in there, so I took four and transferred three to my purse and lit the fourth.
By now I could tell that the weed was just good, not laced, but just better than I could usually buy.
When the two other friends were done with their business, I waited for them to wash their hands, then handed over one of the blunts. I didn't feel that I needed to share mine with anyone.
Bobby needed ten minutes to satisfy himself, but I can't say that I heard any female orgasms going on, or maybe she was just super quiet?
Heather was relieved to hit my joint, which was actually her's, but I figured she had a good connection for Panama weed.
"Is he any good," I bluntly asked, while Bobby fled the scene.
"I don't have much to compare him to," she casually offered.
"Do you ever get a chance to really find out?" I asked.
"Daddy makes it difficult," she said, "he would rather that I find a Military man, but anyone they think would be a good match, is 15 or even 20 years older than me!"
Jerry was pacing outside of the women's room. I knew he would have come in, but he trusted my judgement.
"We are going back to Jerry's place for more partying, if you want to come, you can bring three girlfriends," I told Heather, without bothering to say a word to Jerry.
Ten minutes later our chopper pilot told us that he could only carry two extra, but when the three women were lined up, with their short skirts whipping across their narrow thighs he recalculated, and figured if he could come back to the party the risk would be worthwhile. That worked for us, so we trusted the good Captain to be a good judge of lifting limits, and overloaded the dingy with young pussy and tits, for the ride to the chopper.
As we flew across the water I made eye contact with the Captain and made the international call sign for the Captain to 'call me', you know, thumb to the ear, baby finger to the mouth, like a headphone.
"You have reached Captain Manuel Vasquez, beautiful lady, what can I do for you?"
"Is this a private conversation Captain?" I asked.
"I was hoping it needed to be private, so yes it is," he responded without turning to look at me.
"Well Captain, we need to party with some younger people, especially young men between 25 and 35. If they are officers with a bright future, and of course single, I want to see him!"
"I'll see what I can do Mam," he responded.
While I enjoyed the view, the Major had his staff on line, via the Captains com's. He set things in motion that brought a small staff to his apartment, which was just across the street from a bank that had a helipad.
Over the next hour, a half dozen 'off duty' marines, mostly female, appeared at the door pulling carts full of ice or beer or booze or food.
Then the troops started to arrive, beginning with the good Captain Vasquez and his Load Master, with two Captain friends that were in their early 30's. Those two could have posed for Panama's Ministry of Travel! Ripped abs over narrow waist lines and tree trunk thighs, yummy!
Jerry had also called a few of Panama's Marine Officers that he knew, to have them send a few young men, but he was smart enough to ask for women too!
I was so glad that we had slept in that morning, and even happier that someone had tidied up. The view from the Major's oversized balcony was spectacular, as I gyrated to some guitar music and breathed in the fresh ocean air.
I asked every person I met if they had Heather's number in their phone yet, she was going to have a much younger contact list before this night was over. Someone turned the music up, and the ladies got up, like moths attracted to the light. These young people knew how to have fun! Soon the rooftop pool was the focus. It was only one floor above. I had a dozen new bikinis and I brought them all out, with their tags still attached.
I offered them up, and suggested that anyone borrowing one could either pay for it, or replace it when they could, so most of the ladies wanted to enjoy the weather and the handsome men, so they grabbed up every one of them!
Soon we were all in the pool, or dancing near it, while slurping on a fruity cocktail.
I only knew high school Spanish, but most people spoke English. I made a point in my calendar to learn more Spanish! Why not, so much of our Hemisphere was Spanish, so I thought that I should be able to make myself understood.
Panama is rather a new nation when it comes to their military. Their highest ranking officers were two Generals. To be a Colonel in Panama was like being a Two Star General in the States.
They were invaded by American Forces when Noriega was in power, and their entire military was thrown into the meat grinder in 1990. The leadership in the Military was middle aged men, but not young enough to be suitors for Heather.
Jerry had a special man in mind. Carlos was a Frogman / Special Forces and part of Panama's Navy, which was mostly small vessels that could barely keep up with the drug boats coming up the coast. Jerry was certain that the Panama Navy was going to be much more substantial in the coming decades, so the Americans were cross training and paying for officer training of their entire force, as allies in the drug wars.
Jerry brought Carlos to me first, and openly told us both of his intentions.
He wanted to put Heather with Carlos because Carlos would probably be in charge of the Navy in the new force, which would skyrocket his career, and help America's influence in Panama.
Full disclosure was his intent, and there was no quid pro quo required. Major Rodriguez was not setting up a honey trap, he just wanted Panama to have the best leadership that they could have, with a friendship towards the U.S. and our needs, like retarding the flow of opioids from Columbia.
I was almost shocked at how good Carlos looked. He was a Spanish Adonis. He had come prepared with a speedo and he needed nothing else.
His face was young and full of spirit, and his body was corded with muscle, but not obnoxiously. Bottom line, it looked like he could make love all night long, and still carry me to breakfast! I mean Heather of course!
It was our job merely to chaperone, and we had failed miserably at that, but I hoped that we had given Miss Sipata a little help to find a good partner. In the meantime, I hoped she used birth control, so she wouldn't end up with Bobby, the flighty boy from the party. Panama was still a very Catholic nation.
It was two in the morning when Heather was whisked away in a military SUV. She would be fine, now that so many of Panama's next leadership level had made her acquaintance, and she hadn't fallen on her face.
I got to meet Jerry's 'batman', she was a first Lieutenant, recently married. Carla was a gymnast before joining the Marines. Her breasts were too big for tumbling when she was 13, but she was good enough to compete until she pulled a muscle in her chest, and her Olympic dreams were gone. I felt a deep empathy with this beautiful woman, and wondered how she escaped the Major's attention.
"The size of my chest when I was 13 and 14 kept any decent coach from training me," I confessed to Carla, "...so I didn't have any offers for college tuition either."
"I thought you were on the team, didn't that give you a scholarship?" she asked.
"I made the team, but I was not willing to give them too much of my spare time, so I set my own schedule," I explained. "I love my new job, and my new friends, and all the experience that I am getting at the Gingerbread House will go a long way towards my education on all things sexual."
Lieutenant Carla Simpson was essentially training to be an Executive Assistant. A job that would usually go to an unpaid college grad as an 'Internship', but Carla got paid fairly well, and the health benefits were a big deal to a young woman that wants to start a family. As an Officer she would also qualify for Government Bursaries that would pay for further education, to be the actual Executive, instead of some man's assistant. Her husband made his living 'on-line' so she lived with her husband, but she still had a heavy schedule.
"How many months?" I asked, to her surprise.
Her quick movement of her hands to her waist line confirmed my suspicion.
"Hey, just kidding," I jumped back in before she had to deny what was now obvious. She shyly smiled and nodded, perhaps to confirm?
"We just found out Shylo," she quietly explained, "...I just haven't had a chance to tell Major Rodriguez yet."
"The Major will have chosen you Carla, you are a part of his team, and your family is also part of his team, he will give you all of the time you need Lieutenant, so long as he knows what to plan for," I kept eye contact throughout my diatribe, but her smile and nod told me that she understood.
"Please give me a call if you find yourself in the Capital or New York," I suggested, offering her my number. "Jerry might not be the right partner for me Carla, but he will always be very important to me, so let me know if he needs me, please."
"Thanks Shylo, but of course I have it already, and now I will switch it to the 'friend' side on the contact list and send you confirmation so you'll have mine."
She was very competent, and would certainly rise in the ranks as Jerry did.
Two wonderful days later, I cried as I walked to my seat in the jet plane, then I cried myself to sleep for the flight back to JFK - to being Shylo Morra, Stripper, Student and future Sex Therapist.