Oh my God.
Today was even worse. I can't believe what's happening to me, it all seems like some kind of nightmare. Justine is actually sleeping in my bed now, but once she found out about my diary, she made me write down everything that happened today.
I started the day with the same confidence I had going to bed last night. I decided I needed to dress myself a little more carefully today. Up top I wore a lightweight cream colored turtleneck sweater, with a T-shirt and bra underneath. I wore a good pair of sturdy cotton panties, pantyhose, wool slacks, and a blazer. It was a touch warm for the weather, but I figured that it would be very hard to get me out of that outfit.
I drove into the office, and thanked God it was a different guard behind the desk. As I walked by the cube farm, Justine and the three clerks were standing around giggling. Justine just looked at me with a predatory smile, and all of my courage and resolve seemed to vanish. I decided to go to my office before confronting her. When I got there, there was a large envelope on my keyboard. With trepidation, I opened up, and was horrified to see several 8 1/2 x 11 glossies of me in the mesh outfit. Two were of me in the lobby, one from the front and one from the rear. Under the bright lights of the lobby that outfit showed absolutely everything. The other three photos were from the gas station, two of them with my boobs out, and one with me showing my kitty as well. I should have guessed that she would take pictures, but I never saw any cameras, so it was a real surprise for me. There was a note in the envelope saying I should come to her desk. I walked back there, feeling none of the confidence I felt last night.
Justine looked up as I approached, and frowned. She told me she was very disappointed in my outfit, but first she needed me to talk to someone. She picked up the phone, dialed a number, told the person on the other end "she's here, sir," and handed me the phone. I had no idea what she was up to, but I took the phone and said hello. It was Jared McIntyre. The president of our biggest client, and the defendant in the biggest case this firm has ever had. Getting assigned to this case was the linchpin of my plans to become partner. If I did well on this case, I'd be partner by the end of the year.
I listened to him as he talked (which he can do quite a lot of) and occasionally answered his general questions. Suddenly I felt Nicole and Melissa on either side of me, pulling my blazer off my shoulders. I struggled with them briefly, but then I heard a strange noise. Justine had a large pair of scissors out, and was snipping the air with them. The message was clear, let them undress me, or they would cut the clothes off. I started to panic, and tried to think of a way out of this. As the clerks relieved my of my blazer, I asked Mr. McIntyre if he could wait a second for me to go back to my office so I could look at my notes. Unfortunately he insisted that this would just take a few minutes, and that he just wanted to tell me his latest thoughts on the strategy for the case. By this time, Justine had come around to the front of her desk, and sat on it in front of me. Slowly, she lifted the bottom of my sweater up, up to about my navel. She then undid the side zip on my slacks, and they slipped straight to the floor. I made a little yelp, which surprised Mr. McIntyre, and I had to spend a few seconds explaining it was nothing.
As McIntyre proceeded to go on with his inane theories, Melissa and Nicole started to roll the top of my pantyhose down, until the waistband of my panties was exposed. Justine took the scissors, and with two quick snips, she cut the hips of the panties, and was able to pull them out the front. The friction of them sliding over my pubes reminded me that I was sore from all the time I spent diddling myself yesterday, but it also made me shudder uncontrollably. I tried to keep my composure as McIntyre asked me my thoughts, and I was forced to do more talking. As I tried to steer him back to our firm's established strategy, Melissa and Nicole pulled my sweater off my arms, and over my head. My T-shirt followed quickly. Much to my horror, I was standing out in the middle of our office, wearing only a bra and pantyhose, while I tried to persuade our biggest client not to do anything really stupid. I was totally humiliated, and even worse, I knew I was getting turned on again.
Justine pushed her knee between mine, forcing me to spread my legs a little. She held out her hand, palm up, about two inches in front of my crotch. For a few seconds I couldn't figure out what she was doing, and then it hit me. She expected me to hump her hand again. My mind was screaming "no," but after the multiple orgasm of the night before, combined with the frustration of no orgasms since then, my body just took over. Almost by themselves, my hips thrust forward, pushing my crotch onto her hand. I began to work my hips back and forth, while trying desperately not to let McIntyre know anything was up. Suddenly, Tina's hands came around me, and she began to kiss my neck and squeeze my breasts. It let out a moan that I couldn't hide from McIntyre. Tina pulled my breasts out of their cups, and began tugging my nipples in time with my pelvic thrusts. She also began nibble on my ear, which was almost enough to send me over. Thank God McIntyre started talking again, so all I had to do was keep him from hearing my panting. I started gyrating my hips faster and faster, and Tina was pinching my nipples harder and tugging them more ruthlessly. Even though it was hurting quite a bit, I found myself edging closer and closer.
Just as I thought I was going to cum, McIntyre wrapped his bizarre theories, and said good-bye. Tina stopped playing with my nipples and Justine pulled her hand away before I could climax. I whined in frustration as I realized I wasn't going to find release. Justine looked at her wet, slimy hand, and made a point of telling everyone how gross that was, and how she couldn't believe I had soaked through my hose. She proceeded to wipe her hand dry on my boobs. I hate to admit it, but even that almost made me orgasm, but she stopped too quickly.
While I was still catching my breath, Justine moved faster than I could imagine, took her scissors, and cut my bra in three places. The ruined garment fell to the floor. Justine took the phone from me, and told me to sit at her desk until she got back. I was so disoriented that I didn't say anything as I sat down and she walked off with my clothes.
The clerks went back to their desks and got to work. I thought of telling them that they were in big trouble, but since I was the one with nothing on but a sheer pair of pantyhose, that didn't seem too smart. I covered my boobs with my arm, and kept my thighs tight together, but there was no hiding that I was naked. I kept wondering where Justine could be, when I heard Derek's voice coming down the hall. Thinking fast, I grabbed Justine's copy of the newspaper from her desk, and opened up like I was reading it, hiding everything but my hands. I heard Derek say "hi," to Melissa, Nicole, and Tina, and then he said "hi Justine," to me. I froze and didn't say anything. I heard him whisper to Tina, "what's up with her?" Tina didn't really say, and soon he was hitting on her, the way he does with all the women in the office. I was just thinking that I might get away with this when I heard Justine say "hi," to Derek. Derek sounded confused, and then asked who was at Justine's desk. I lowered the paper to just reveal my face and said that I was just checking out the paper. Justine came up beside me holding my sweater, and told Derek that I had spilled some coffee on my sweater, and that she had been helping me out. As she said that, she grabbed the paper from me and said my sweater was ready. I was so shocked I couldn't even move as Derek stared at my exposed breasts. Justine commanded me sharply to put my arms in the air, and so help me, I didn't resist as she pulled my arms up, thrusting my bare boobs out. I think Derek was about to have an accident in his pants, when Justine acted like she just noticed him, and asked "could Heidi have a little privacy?" She made it sound like she was totally offended, and Derek became embarrassed, and left immediately. I couldn't believe that I had just let Derek see my boobs, but my brain felt like it was stuck in oatmeal, and no matter how much I tried, I just couldn't summon the will to resist Justine.
Justine started to laugh as she pulled the sweater over my head, and whispered in my ear how fantastic that was. She left the sweater above my breasts, and pulled me out of her chair and told me to get to work in my office. I tried to pull down the sweater, but she swatted my hand away, saying I could take care of that in my office. I can't believe it, but I started to cry again. I was planning to ask for the rest of my clothes back, to try to get control again, but I was so humiliated I just ran to my office. Fortunately, no one saw me get there, and I quickly sat behind my desk and pulled the sweater down. It was then that I discovered what Justine had done. She had cut the sweater off just at my navel. That meant if I pulled in tight to my desk, no one could see anything, but if I pulled away from my desk my pubic hair was completely visible through the pantyhose. In addition, the sweater was incredibly tight across my boobs, making my nipples point out dramatically. I quickly realized that she had used a safety pin (probably mine!) to gather the sweater in the back, making it obscenely tight. I contemplated removing it, but I decided I didn't dare cross Justine.
I was still incredibly horny, and if anything my current state of undress made me more so. I knew I should get some work done, but my hand drifted down to my crotch. As Justine had pointed out my hose were completely soaked at the crotch. I slid my hand inside my hose, and played with myself for several minutes, but I just couldn't get myself to cum. I decided I'd better get some work on my desk, in case someone came in. That's when I realized that I had forgotten to get more tissues. I tried to wipe my slippery fingers on my hose, but they really didn't absorb much, so I ended up wiping them on the inside of my sweater. I got out a couple files, and opened them on my desk, hoping no one would walk in while I was standing with my butt on display. I slid back in close to my desk, so the only thing noticeable was that my nipples were poking out my sweater.
I managed to get a little work done, although my hands kept drifting to my crotch or to my boobs. I would alternate between sliding a hand inside my pantyhose and working one up under my sweater and pulling on my nipple the way Tina had been. What's happened to me? Last week I was a serious career woman, and now I'm some kind of slut who gets undressed at work and plays with herself.
Fortunately I heard Bob and Steve talking with each other in the hall, and I had time to pull myself into my desk and look as presentable as possible. They came into my office, asking me about my conversation with McIntyre. Steve, the schmuck, basically stared at my boobs the whole time, while Bob tried to be a bit more discreet. In spite of my annoyance, I could feel my nipples getting harder and harder. I was so horny, I started to rub my thighs together. Thanks God, the meeting didn't take too long, and soon they stood up to leave. Steve shook my hand again as he left, but all he got this time was a jiggle show instead of a nipple.
Once they were gone, I reached under my shirt and pinched my nipples and started rubbing my kitty as hard as I could. I almost started to cry in frustration, but after a couple minutes it was clear I still wasn't going to cum. By this point, my hose were truly gross, and I decided they were worse than going naked. So I shucked them off, and tried to use them to wipe my crotch. I couldn't believe how much lubricant I was producing. It's not like I've ever had any trouble getting wet, but it seems like the last couple days that my crotch is more like a faucet.
I tried to get back to work, but Justine came in with my slacks and blazer, saying that we needed to take a trip during lunch hour. I was so glad to get them back, I didn't even ask what she had in mind; I just grabbed them and pulled them on. With the blazer buttoned, you couldn't tell that Justine had altered the sweater, and it wasn't even obvious that I was braless. The wool slacks were itchy without anything under them, but they were way better than being naked.
Justine grabbed a black work-out bag, and we walked out through the lobby to my car. Justine said she really admired my car, and wanted to drive it. I thought about defying her, but at this point it seemed like pretty small thing. I mean, I love my car, but if letting her drive would keep me dressed decently, then it seemed like a good idea.
At least, it did for a couple seconds. As soon as I had handed over the keys, she popped the trunk to put her bag in, and then she suggested I put my blazer in there. I started to tell her no, that I wasn't going to do it, but I had barely said the word "no" when Justine reached out and grabbed my nipple through the sweater. My protest ended in a whine, which I hoped wouldn't attract too much attention. Justine's not very big, but she has a super-human grip. The pain in my nipple was excruciating, and if I did anything to try and get her hand off, it became truly unbearable. After about five seconds I would have done anything to get her to let go. She hissed at me that I'd better do what she told me to, or not only would everyone I know see the pictures she's taken, but she'd strip me naked right there and leave me. Tears were falling down my cheeks again as I shucked off the blazer and tossed into the trunk. Justine gave my nipple one more crushing squeeze before letting go, telling me that I would be punished for that later. She proceeded to get in and lower the top of my convertible like nothing unusual had happened.
As I climbed in the passenger seat I asked where we were going. She told me that she thought I needed to tone up a bit, so we were going to do a step aerobics class over lunch. I protested that I didn't have any work out gear. She smiled and patted my thigh, telling me not to worry. She didn't move her hand away, she actually slid it up to my crotch, and to my horror, I started to uncontrollably thrust my crotch on her hand. Thank God we didn't pass any trucks as we drove! I didn't cum during the short drive, but I was flushed and breathing hard when we got to the health club. Justine grabbed her bag and I followed her in as I tried to catch my breath.
Justine used her membership to get me past the girl at the front desk, and we went to the locker rooms. She told me I could share her locker and that I should go ahead and hang my clothes in there. She proceeded to undress herself and pull on a leotard and some gym shorts. She never handed me anything to wear, so I hesitated, but then she gave me a stern look that told me I'd better do as she said. It only took a couple seconds to shed my two pieces of clothing. As I started to hang them, Justine started talking in a loud voice about what a slut I was, and that she knew I wasn't wearing a bra, but she couldn't believe I wasn't wearing panties. She kept talking about how I must have had a "quickie" on the way in to work. Other women in the locker room looked over at me standing there naked and either smirked or looked disgusted. I was so humiliated.
Justine handed me some shoes (my size!) and anklets, and pointed for me to sit down and put them on. I was seriously getting worried that she'd make me do aerobics in the nude, but I didn't really have much choice. As I tied the shoes on, Justine kept making comments on my nudity, and how I must be quite the slut. Once she was dressed, and I had the shoes on, she handed me the rest of my clothes. It consisted of a white sports bra, and a large pair of basketball shorts. The bra was very tight, and my brown nipples were clearly visible through the material. The shorts on the other hand, were very loose, and I wasn't sure they would stay on. They hung so loose on my hips that my pubic hair was at risk slipping out, and the crack of my bum was showing. Justine said that she just loved my outfit, and she led me to the class.
One other thing about the locker room is that I saw Justine naked. Since I was humiliated and nervous about my own state of dress (or undress!), I didn't have a lot of chance to look at her as she took off her sleeveless top and mini-skirt, but I did notice that she had very pretty underwear. Once she took that off, I have to admit I did pay more attention. Anyone who met Justine would say she was pretty, but with her undressed I was in awe. She is very fit but soft in the right places, her boobs were high and firm and her tan appeared to stretch to every inch of her body. I felt very pale and inadequate standing there.
The class was sheer hell. I'm in pretty good shape, and I jog most evenings, but this class was very intense. It was all I could do to keep up with the wild motions of the male instructor. On top of that, the shorts Justine gave me kept slipping down. I'm sure the people behind me got tired of seeing my bare butt, and the instructor even got to see my kitty a couple times. The bra I was wearing didn't really support my boobs very well, so they were bouncing around like mad, and as I sweated the material became even more transparent. Twenty minutes later I was soaked, and gasping for breath. As the class ended and the people filed out, Justine took my hand and led me up to the instructor, who she introduced as Trevor. Thankfully, Trevor was clearly gay, but he still made a comment about my sexy outfit and that it was always interesting when Justine brought a guest.
As Justine chatted with Trevor, she pulled my left hand around her and on to her shoulder, holding it with her left hand. She then wrapped her right arm around me, resting it on my right hip. It felt very intimate, and made me very uncomfortable. I didn't want everyone thinking we were a lesbian couple, but I didn't want Justine to make a scene in front of this guy. After a minute or so, her hand dropped down, and slipped inside the loose shorts. My right hand had a tight grip on the shorts at my hip, or I'm sure I would have lost them right there! Even so, she tugged them down on the left side, and from Trevor's glances I knew that a lot of my lower abdomen was exposed. Justine kept right on talking and joking with Trevor as her hand explored my bum. Then she began run a finger up and down the crack of my ass. I struggled to appear normal as she started to rub a finger around my anus, but I couldn't contain my gasp when she actually stuck her finger up my butt! Brad was always trying to get me to let him do me there, but it's just too dirty, I would never let him. There I was, though, with Justine slowly working her finger up and down in my ass. Unbelievably, I got turned on, and soon I was starting to pant from the stimulation. Fortunately I was still flushed and sweaty from the workout, or Trevor would have known for sure what was going on.
Finally Justine said that we had to go, and she pulled her finger out of me and my shorts. But instead of moving away from me, she pressed herself closer, and then used her right had (the one that had just been up my ass!) pull my head close to hers, and she started to kiss me right in front of some guy I'd just met. I moved my right hand up to hers, to try to free my head, but it was useless. Before I knew it, I was kissing her back, letting her tongue explore my mouth, and I hate to admit it, sucking on her luscious lips. I know that it seems hard to believe reading this diary, but I'm not a dyke, and I'm not turned on by girls. But I have to admit that I wanted desperately to kiss Justine. It's like she's a force of nature, and I'm helpless before her.
We probably kissed for fifteen or twenty seconds when my loose shorts finally lost their grip. Once off my hips, they fell straight down to my ankles. I squealed in embarrassment as I broke off the kiss, and after a few seconds got Justine to let go of my hands so I could reach down and pull the shorts up. Both Justine and Trevor were laughing hysterically at my antics, and Trevor kept telling Justine things like "you go girl," and "I don't know how you do it." I'm guessing I'm not the first of Justine's victims.
***
Justine said we had to hurry to get back to work, and she draped her arm around my shoulder and guided me out of the exercise room. Her finger tips started grazing my very erect, and very sensitive nipple. I put my hand over hers, but that just made her grab my entire boob, and cop feels all the way to the locker room. A couple women in the hallway gave us dirty looks, and I thought I heard one mutter "sluts," as we walked by.
We had taken enough time talking with Trevor that the locker-room was empty when we got to it. Justine told me to strip before she would even open the locker. As I stood there naked, she opened the locker, slowly undressed herself, and wrapped herself in a towel. Then she grabbed a toiletries bag, and pointed for us to head back to the showers. The shower room consisted of a dozen or so stalls, with a floor-length curtain separating a changing booth, and then another curtain separating the actual shower. They were all empty, and Justine motioned me to one in the back. It wasn't too big of a surprise when she followed me in. I figured she had something in mind. She pulled the curtain closed behind us, and then told me to start showering. She gave me some shampoo for my hair while I got the temperature right, and then she just watched me as I tried to discreetly wash myself off and shampoo my hair. She told me that I'd better do a really good job washing my tits, pussy, and ass, or she'd go find a guy to help me do it. Once my hair was clean, I soaped up my boobs, and then started to wash my crotch. I gasped as my fingers rubbed my lower lips, and I couldn't help rubbing myself. Justine laughed at me and called me a horny bitch, telling me that if I couldn't help myself, I might as well try to get off right away. I leaned back against the wall, facing Justine, stood with my legs apart, and started to masturbate in earnest. I don't know what came over me, but I was an animal, and my mind just focused in on how I needed to come. I was diddling myself with one hand, and squeezing and pinching my boob with the other, trying desperately to find sexual release. My head was back and my eyes were closed and I was very close to cumming, when I heard Justine say my name. I opened my eyes and there was a bright flash in my eyes. She had a digital camera, and she had just taken a picture of me jacking myself off. In spite of my frustration, I stopped and rinsed myself off.
Justine told me to pull the bench in the shower down, and take a seat. I was full of dread as I sat on the bench, facing her, with the shower running on my leg. She pulled a razor and a plastic bottle out of her kit, and then positioned herself in front of me. She spread my legs wide, telling me it was time to clean up my "pussy." She squeezed the bottle over my crotch, and a clear gel streamed out over my wet pubic hair. She said it was a lube to make the blade cut better, and keep my skin smooth. She started to rub it all around, making me even more slippery, and eliciting a moan from my as she rubbed my lips. With amazing speed, she started to remove my pubic hair. On one hand, it was so gross, since I have always been proud of my thick, womanly hair, and I thought it made me look like a baby. On the other hand, Justine played with my "pussy" as she called it the whole time, which made me feel like I was in heaven. She didn't actually masturbate me, but it was really hard for me to sit still. When she finished around my "lips," she told me to turn around and kneel on the floor. She had me rest my head on the bench as she prepared to shave around my anus. I was so humiliated as she spread the gel all around my crotch and anus. To make it worse she pulled both my hands back, and told me to pull my cheeks apart so she could be sure she got all the hairs.
Rather than the feel of the razor on my skin, the first thing I felt was a very slippery finger working along my slit. Within seconds it was inside me, and then pumping in and out as I started to thrust my butt back, helping her to finger fuck me. I felt a few quick swipes of the razor around my anus, and then Justine went back to finger fucking me, except this time she had two fingers in. A few more swipes with the razor, and then I felt a finger in my anus. It was so slippery back there now that this time it just slid right in, and I moaned loudly as I was probed in both holes. I had never done anything so dirty, much less in a public place, but it all felt so good. Besides, I was so desperate to cum I didn't care about anything except getting off.
But it wasn't to be. Suddenly I felt the fingers pull out of my vagina, and the one in my butt stopped moving. I whined in frustration, and wiggled my ass to get her to start up again. Suddenly I heard my name, and when I looked back, there was another flash. Justine was standing back in the changing booth, and didn't have her finger in me at all! I looked down and saw the razor handle rising out of my butt. As soon as I saw it, I realized that it didn't feel anything like a finger, but I swear right up to that point it felt exactly like a finger. It was very weird. Justine just started laughing, saying that was going to be her favorite photo.
I was so dumbfounded, and so frustrated, I didn't know what to do. I knew I just couldn't masturbate in front of the camera. So I stood up, and suddenly feeling very self conscious, I covered my boobs and my now bald crotch. Right then we heard a few women come into the locker room, and I started to panic. Justine pulled me out of the shower, slid the razor out from my rectum, and whispered for me to wait while she showered. She also moved my hands to my side, and said I had better not cover up any more. I didn't even have to hear what she'd do to me; I kept my hands at my sides. She pulled the shower curtain shut, and I stood there dripping wet, listening to the other women in the locker room. Justine showered quickly, and soon the curtain opened up and she walked out wrapped up in the towel.
She came close to me, and whispered she had decided on my punishment for disobeying her when she told me to take off my blazer. She wanted me to kneel down and kiss her pussy to make it up to her. I was totally shocked. Obviously I have crossed all kinds of boundaries in the last two days, but this seemed like too much. Kissing her, and letting her finger me was one thing, but me performing oral sex on a woman was something I could not imagine. I shook my head no, whispering please, hoping she would take pity on me. She told me I had five seconds, or she would start shouting, and then leave me here naked and alone. I was completely paralyzed, and after a couple seconds, Justine just started pushing down on my shoulders, until I was kneeling, and then guided my face up under her towel to her crotch. She clearly shaved her pubic hair too, since her lips were hairless. She did have a neat strip of hair going up her pubic bone, which I thought looked much better than the bald look I now had.
"Kiss it!" she said loudly, and she pulled my face in tightly against her crotch. It was hard to breath, and I knew I was in too deep to stop now. So I puckered up and kissed the folds of her vagina. "Lick it," was the only response. I can't believe I actually did this, but I tentatively stuck my tongue out, and worked it up her slit towards her clit. Her face made a half smile, as she grabbed my head, and worked my tongue up and down her crotch. Amazingly, she actually tasted really good, and although I've never even thought about girls like this, I found myself so turned on my hands went to work on my own crotch. After about a minute, she pushed my head away, and said that was a good start and we'd have to continue that later.
Without warning, she opened the curtain and walked out of the stall, leaving me on my knees naked, wet, and alone. I walked after her, getting several shocked looks from the other women in the locker room. Justine already had her panties on when I caught up to her. I asked if I could have a towel. She said she just had the one, but that I could use it in a minute. I stood there, shivering slightly as she got dressed in front of me. I was so humiliated as I stood there naked with nothing to do, and with that humiliation came a tingling in my crotch. I wished I could masturbate right there, but thankfully I held out. Once Justine was fully dressed, she handed me her wet towel. I asked about a hair dryer, but she said we didn't have time, that I just use the towel and comb it. My shoulder length hair has a fair amount of curl to it, and doesn't need tons of styling, but I knew I was going to look a little disheveled this afternoon.
I got myself as dry as I could, and combed my hair, and finally Justine gave me my two articles of clothing. They stuck a little to my damp skin, but at that point, I would have done anything to get out of there. We walked out to my car and climbed in. As we started to drive, Justine talked about how much she liked my shaved "cunt" (her word again,) and that she liked it almost as well as she liked my big tits. She kept using coarse language to describe my body, and then announce that she wanted to see my bald cunt again. I just looked at her confused, and she swerved suddenly to pull over at the side of the road. She told me to pull my slacks down to my ankles or she'd make sure that Derek was the first guy to see the photo of me with a razor up my butt. I knew that begging would just make it worse, so I undid the clasp and zipper, and lifted my butt to pull them down. She smiled and said that I should keep my legs spread wide so my cunt would get some sunshine, and she started driving. To my horror she pulled up alongside a big Hummer, giving the driver a perfect few of my newly shaved crotch. As Justine reached over and gave my lips a pinch, the driver of the Hummer swerved, and I thought he might have had a heart attack. Justine continued to play with me as she drove, but I don't think anyone else saw me. When we pulled into our office lot, she told me I could cover up, and she opened the trunk for me to get my blazer.
Unfortunately I was only allowed to stay dressed for a few minutes. We went back to the cube farm, and Justine took great delight in showing the other girls the pictures of me masturbating, and with the razor in my butt. Suddenly, Justine looked at me and asked what I was waiting for, and told me to give her my blazer. I pleaded with her that Mark from our software vendor was coming over, and couldn't I keep it. She said "okay now I need your blazer and your slacks. Would you like to make it your sweater too?" I do believe she would have sent me back to my office naked, so I stripped off the blazer and slacks. The clerks took every chance comment to comment on my shaving job, and Tina actually rubbed her hand in my crotch on the pretense of checking for stubble. Tina is no Justine, so the experience was just pure humiliation. As quickly as I could, I scurried back to my office, hoping no one saw my bare ass.
Twenty minutes later, Justine brought Mark back to my office. I had tried to masturbate, to get some release, but all I had accomplished was to make sure my office smelled of sex. Fortunately I was pulled in tight to my desk, and Mark sat across from me as he opened his laptop and showed me the document control software he was selling. Mark is actually a good looking, young guy, and I've always thought he was cute, but today I found myself wanting to jump him. It was so sexy, sitting right in front of him while he had no idea I was almost naked. He did take a few discreet peeks at my nipples poking out my sweater, but otherwise he focused on his pitch. I found myself rubbing my bald slit more and more furtively as the presentation went on. Soon he started asking me questions, and I had to stop, but I was incredibly turned on. His questions started getting specific about our documents, and the filing system we used, and I kept trying to answer them without moving from my desk. Finally he asked to see a certain type of file. I panicked, since the only place I could get a sample from was in the cabinet behind my desk. I looked at the cabinet, and at Mark, and thought it might just be possible that if I moved fast enough he wouldn't be able to see. I spun around, wheeled over, pulled the drawer open, pulled out a file, and started to wheel back as I spun around, when Mark said "Oh my God..." He was looking right between my thighs at where my pubic hair had been up until an hour before.
"You're naked..." he stammered. I was terrified. What if he told the partners? I decided to be nonchalant, and just said that some of the girls had dared me to not wear pants this afternoon, and that I had agreed before I remembered about him coming. I told him that once he had showed up, it was too late, and I hoped that he wouldn't make too big a deal out of it. He processed that for a few seconds, and then asked why I would go bottomless on a dare. I shrugged, and just said I felt kind of wild today.
Then the bomb dropped. He asked what would happen if he dared me to take off my sweater. My first reaction was to tell him off, but I realized that I was sitting here almost naked, so a lot of people would think I had asked for it. On top of that, Mark's really cute, and most important, I was enjoying teasing him a bit. I thought about it for a few seconds, and then said "something like this," as I peeled off my sweater. His jaw almost hit the desk as I did it, and I felt this huge rush of sexual energy and power at being nude in front of him. I decided to keep teasing him, and wheeled around to his side of the desk, crossed my legs, and asked him to keep showing the features of the software. His voice cracked and I thought he might faint, but he managed to pick up where he left off. Soon he was hitting his stride, so I decided to crank it up a notch. I uncrossed my legs, and spread them just a little bit, and then when he was looking at me, I raised my arms up and stretched, thrusting my boobs out in a way that made him stop his presentation and swear.
Right then, Justine opened the door, swearing, and calling me a slut and a cock tease. She asked what I was doing topless, and as Mark sat there dumbfounded, she demanded to know why I had taken my sweater off. I was so humiliated, I felt like I did when I was 13 and my Mom caught me with Petey Donahue's hand in my pants. I kept my eyes down and mumbled that Mark had dared me. She looked at me crossly, and started to go on about how teasing was unacceptable. She pointed at Mark's crotch, and drew my attention to his erection. She told me she would not stand for me getting a nice guy like Mark excited, and then not helping him out. Catching her drift, and hoping to make this go as quickly as possible, I apologized to Mark, and suggested that I could give him a hand job to get his erection down. Justine just laughed, and told me that I'd better give him a blowjob to make it up to him. I don't like giving blowjobs, but at least I like Mark, so before I could think better of it, I decided I could give him one. But when I suggested it, Mark looked really uncomfortable, and said maybe he'd better go. Justine told me I had better convince him, or she would make sure I regretted it. Suddenly I was worried about what she would do, and I knew I needed to convince Mark. So I grabbed his hand, and told him I felt really bad, and asked if I could please make it better.
He didn't answer, so I took that as my cue, and I unzipped his trousers, releasing his manhood. Now I'm not a real expert, but he was definitely as big as any guy I had been with, and he was very, very hard. I started to lick and bringing the head of his penis into my mouth, when Justine whispered in my ear that I had better take his entire cock in my mouth, and that I had better swallow every last drop, or she would make sure that I regretted it every day of my life. I had never deep throated anyone, and I had only had a boy cum in my mouth once, but I knew that crossing Justine was not an option. I started taking him in deeper and deeper, trying to relax my throat. A couple of times I gagged a little bit, but after about two minutes, I managed to get my lips all the way down into his pubic hair. He swore and started rubbing my hair. Justine whispered that he should fuck my face, and he grabbed both sides of my head, thrusting himself into my throat. It didn't exactly hurt, but it was awfully uncomfortable since I couldn't breathe as he kept pulling my face into his stomach. Fortunately, he came within thirty seconds, squirting what seemed like a pint of cum into my mouth and throat. I gagged a little, but somehow I managed to swallow it all down, and continue to suck on him as he softened and spurted the last few times.
"Much better," said Justine, and then she told Mark that she would show him out now. Mark looked like he might get whiplash, his head was spinning so fast, but he realized that she was serious, so he zipped up his fly, collected his materials, and she guided him out the door. Suddenly I felt incredibly ashamed and embarrassed. I couldn't believe that I had just stripped down and given some vendor a blowjob. I don't do things like this, it's like it was someone else. All of a sudden I was sitting on my floor, crying. I didn't even try to find my sweater to cover up a little bit, I just felt so horrible. Suddenly, Justine was back, kissing me gently and holding me, whispering that it was going to be okay. I leaned on her and cried for several minutes, until I felt like I had some control again, and I looked up at her, asking what she was doing to me.
Justine just smiled, and told me again not to worry. She helped me get my sweater on, and put me back in my seat, and gave me a stack of pleadings that I needed to review. Thank God, for the next four hours I managed to focus on my work. No one came back to check on me, and although I couldn't help running my fingers across my new baldness, I didn't feel the compulsion to masturbate that I had felt all morning.
I was lost in thought when I heard Elaine say "Hi." All of a sudden the tingling in my crotch resumed as I realized that I was just sitting there almost naked in front of my professional idol. She glanced briefly at my bosom, and then asked me how it was going with the McIntyre case. She opened her blazer and sat down, and I couldn't help noticing her own substantial bosom, although she was much more fully dressed than I. As we talked, I found my thighs squeezing together more and more. Soon I shifted position, getting my hand below the desk. God help me, but after a few minutes I was rubbing myself as we talked, getting more and more excited knowing that I was masturbating right in front of her.
Again, she gave me a sly smile that told me she knew something was up, and then she asked if I had forgotten underwear today, looking straight at my now rock hard nipples. I stammered out that my bra was uncomfortable, and since I was alone back here I had decided to take a chance. She laughed and said not to worry, but that I should be careful, that I might get people too excited. As she left I thought the problem was that I might get too excited.
Justine popped in my office a few minutes later, and said she and the girls were going to go out and get some drinks. She asked if I wanted to come along. I told her I'd rather not. She said fine, waved my keys at me, and told me good luck getting home. I completely panicked. I was nude from the navel down, and I wouldn't even have my car to get home. I told her to wait, and said I'd like to go too. Of course I was dreading what they would do to me, but at least it would probably be somewhere I didn't know anyone. Justine said great, and then waited expectantly at the door. After a few seconds, I realized she expected me to walk out of the office bottomless. I stammered out that I needed my clothes. Justine acted like it had never occurred to her, and then said that she didn't think so. I started to beg, and she asked what I was willing to do for them.
The empty feeling returned to my stomach, but the tingling between my legs did as well, as I realized that there was no doubt I was going to be humiliated again. I decided to beg and throw my self on her mercy, although it was clear that she didn't have any. I pleaded with her to not ruin me, not make me walk naked where the partners were sure to see me. To my surprise, Justine said that I had just about convinced her, and that she would get my clothes, as soon as I proved my gratitude. I told her I'd do anything not to be ruined, which put an absolutely wicked smile on her face.
She told me that she would be convinced of my gratitude if I stripped myself completely, got down on my knees and kissed her ass. I was repulsed, but I figured that she'd seen me naked plenty lately, and planting a kiss on her butt cheek would be way better then trying to walk out of here without clothing. Remembering the clothing switch from yesterday, I checked to make sure she meant the clothing I had worn in today, and not some tramp outfit. She laughed, and said that I'd get my slacks and blazer back, and though she insisted that I return the blazer when we got to the car, she promised that I would be wearing the slacks and turtleneck all night long. Satisfied, I got up, peeled off my sweater, handed it to her, and then slowly kneeled down in front of her. She turned around, and hiked up her short skirt. To my shock, she had removed her panties, and I had a close up and personal view of her womanhood. She told me to use both hands to hold on, and start kissing.
Somehow this was even worse than being forced to perform oral sex at the gym. I think it was because she wasn't actually forcing me, she was just waiting. I did however find that my crotch was throbbing as I considered what to do. I reached up with each hand to grab a perfectly formed, tan cheek, and then decided to kiss the right one. My mouth went up, and planted a kiss on her butt.
Instantly I felt two hands grab each ear in a vise-like grip, and pull my face into Justine's crack. I heard her say that she said her ass, not her butt cheek. She called me a stupid slut, and that I'd better kiss her in the ass right away, or I'd regret it. In the ass. I had never even considered doing such a disgusting thing before. Not even Brad had ever suggested such a thing. I'm sure Justine did not say that the first time, but it hardly mattered anymore. She pulled my face into her crack hard, making it hard to breath, and I honestly started to worry that my ears might come off. I struggled for a few seconds, but that just made Justine twist my ears in an agonizing way, and I felt despair settle over me. I had no choice, I could see no way out. So struggling not to gag, I use my hands to spread her cheeks, and pursed my lips against her small brown opening.
"Lick it!" She commanded. I didn't want to, but what could I do? Slowly, my tongue darted out between my lips, and touched her rectum. She moaned in encouragement and wiggled her butt in my face. Surprisingly, it did not taste as bad as I thought it might. It did not taste good like her vagina, but I it was not as repulsive as I might have guessed. Soon I was licking it, swirling my tongue around as she told me what a good ass licker I was. It was incredibly degrading, but it seemed survivable. Just at that point, Justine raised the ante. She told me to stick my tongue in there, to ass-fuck her with my tongue. I couldn't comprehend such a perverted thing, but the sharp pain in my ears focused my mind, and so help me, I stuck my tongue right in the center of her anus, and pushed. Justine let out a gentle moan as I felt my tongue slide up into her ass.
I have no idea how long she made me work my tongue in and out of her ass, but it seemed like an eternity. Finally she let go of my ears, and I pulled back. I started to yell about how that had not been the deal, but she grabbed both my nipples in that now familiar grip, and actually yanked me to my feet by my boobs. It was all I could do to not scream as my breasts exploded in a burning pain. Once on my feet the pain receded enough that I could focus on what Justine was saying. She told me that she hoped I wasn't complaining, because maybe she would leave me here naked. Again, panic set in, and I started babbling that no, I wasn't complaining, and could I please have my clothes. She let go of my aching nipples and started to massage my breasts, making me feel warm all over. She said that had been an excellent "rimming" (that's what she called it), and that I was a natural. She said she figured that I was going to be her "little rim girl," and that she knew I'd be a big hit with some of her friends. I was so humiliated, but with her attention on my breasts, I was getting too turned on to even focus.
Finally she said she would go get my clothes, and she handed back my sweater. A few minutes later, I was completely covered up again with slacks and a blazer, and feeling a little better. I walked out to the cube farm, where Justine, Tina, Nicole, and Melissa were standing. As I appeared, the clerks started laughing at something Justine was saying. I felt myself turn beet red as I walked up to them. Justine led us out, with Melissa and Nicole on either side of me, and Tina behind us. Before we got to the elevator, I told them I needed to run in to the ladies room. Justine just laughed, grabbed my hand, and said no way. I told her I really needed to go, that I hadn't been able to go since lunch, but the four of them just hustled me onto the elevator.
Once we were out in the lot, Justine popped my trunk and looked at me expectantly. I though briefly of defying her, but with four of them, I was sure they would strip me and leave me in the parking lot. Besides, Justine had promised I could keep the sweater and slackes, so how wrong could I go? I should have been more suspicious, but I was only just discovering how perverted Justine could be.
Justine drove my car, and the other three followed in Melissa's. We drove towards downtown, until we stopped at a bar that had a reputation for a pretty rowdy happy hour, and for being a meat market. Justine parked about a half a block away, and we waited on the sidewalk for the others to park and catch up. Once we were together, the clerks surrounded me, and Justine told me she had some more modification to make. Melissa and Nicole grabbed my hands, and Justine pulled a pair of scissors out of her purse. She let me know that although I would get to wear that outfit all evening long, she was sure that she could improve it a little.
She undid the clasp of my slacks, and then cut all the way around my torso, cutting the waistband off of the slacks. I begged her not to do it, but she just laughed. As she cut through the front pleats in the slacks, they opened up, causing them to drop an inch or more until they caught on my hips. Justine had turned my dress slacks into a pair of low riders. She knelt down, and proceeded to cut up the outseam of my slacks, stopping about an inch from the bottom of the zipper. Then she did the same on the inseam, stopping about two inches from my crotch. People walking by stared, and then stopped to watch, as my body was progressively revealed on the public sidewalk. As I fought back tears of humiliation, Justine snipped her way around my sweater just below my boobs, and then gave my nipples a tweak through the fabric. I felt so humiliated, partly because I was now dressed much more provocatively than I would ever do voluntarily, but also because I was so passive while this was done to me. I'm sure all those people thought I was some kind of exhibitionist slut. It was horrible.
It was pretty crowded in the bar as we walked in, but after a minute we found a table near the back that we could stand around. I got quite a bit of attention as we walked through the bar, with my nipples leading the way, and my legs peeking out of my newly opened slacks. As we got to the table, I tried to head to the bathroom, but they stopped me and Justine dragged me off to buy the beer. She draped her arm over my shoulder possessively, and started playing with my boob casually as we walked to the bar. She ordered the beer from the bartender, who barely looked away from her fingers caressing my breast. I felt like I wanted to crawl under the bar and die, as all the guys around stared at us, and the girls made motions of disgust. I heard several of them make the comment "dykes." The bartender set out the four beers, and Justine asked for a tray to carry them. As he set them out on the tray, Justine told me that I had to carry the tray back, and that I had better not spill one drop of the beer, or I would be punished severely.
I picked up the tray, and as I turned to carry it pack to the girls, Justine's hand brushed on my hip. I knew immediately that she had opened the zipper on slacks, and I felt them start to slide down. I clenched my thighs together and stopped, trying to figure out what to do. Justine pinched my butt, and told me to get walking, and I knew that I should just try and get through this. I tried to keep my thighs clenched as I walked, but I could feel the slacks slipping down, and soon my entire butt was exposed. I'm pretty sure my crotch was visible from the front, especially given how the girls were staring down there, but thankfully I couldn't see because of the tray. Right as I got to the table, I heard Justine shout "Heidi, you slut," followed immediately by a stinging pain in my ass as she gave me a hard slap on my bare cheek. I managed to set the tray on the table, but they did slosh around a bit. I pulled my slacks up, and rezipped them as guys around stood and cheered.
I circled my way around to the back to get away from the guys, and ended up between Nicole and Tina. I crossed my arms in front of me to cover my boobs, but Justine gave me a look, and told me that I'd better keep my arms at my sides for the rest of the night. It was hard for me to lower my arms, but I kept thinking about the photos that Justine has, and made myself do it. Justine made a comment about how my "headlights" weren't on any more, and suddenly Nicole and Tina each had one of my boobs in their hands. They pinched my nipples cruelly, making sure that they were hard and clearly visible. I was so humiliated, just standing there while these two young girls played with my breasts.
Justine told me I had five minutes to finish my beer, so I'd better get to work. While I drank, they all chatted, and Nicole and Tina switched to playing with my butt. They slipped their hands in through the slits in my slacks, pinching and pulling on my butt cheeks. Tina worked her hand in until a finger was pressing on my sphincter. I couldn't believe it! I've never let anyone touch me in such a gross way, and today I had two different girls do it, and in public! To make it worse, it was turning me on. Tina leaned over and whispered in my ear that she heard about me rimming Justine, and she couldn't wait until it was her turn. Then she nibbled on my ear. The whole thing was so twisted, but I have to admit that my body responded, and my knees buckled a little. I don't know what's come over me.
I finished my beer, and Justine sent me up to buy another one for myself. She told me that I had better keep my "headlights" on while I was at the bar, or she might not let me keep my sweater. So while the bartender was filling my glass, I tentatively reached up and played with my nipples through my top. One woman made a comment about how gross it was, and then dragged her boyfriend off, and the bartender just stared at me as he filled my beer. When he handed my beer over, he told me it was on the house if I flashed him my tits. Two days ago I would have threatened him with a lawsuit, but between the buzz I was getting, and the knowledge that Justine would probably make me do worse if she heard I said no, I complied. I gave him my best smile, and pulled my sweater up over my boobs. He grabbed his phone, snapped a picture, and said I could get as many beers as I wanted that way.
The girls were clapping and cheering as I got back to the table. This time I stood next to Justine, so I wouldn't have to see all the people in the bar staring at me. Justine said she never knew I was such an exhibitionist slut, and that she'd have to make sure I could show everyone my "bodacious titties." I felt like I was going to cry. She told me to drink up, because we were leaving soon. She openly massaged my butt and breasts while I drank as quickly as I could. Once I finished, we started heading for the door. The bartender made of point of telling me I could come back anytime. I told Justine that I really needed to pee, but she just dragged out to my car. Once we got there, she said that she wanted some pictures of me pissing on the sidewalk, so I should take off my pants and squat.
I was in shock. My mouth dropped as I tried to comprehend what she meant. She told me that I had ten seconds to strip down and squat or she would keep me drinking till I pissed my pants. I decided that a few seconds of humiliation was better than wetting myself, although it wasn't like I had a real choice. I tried to move quickly to minimize my exposure, pulling the remnants of my slacks off and squatting down. Justine reached down and pulled my sweater up over my boobs, and told me to spread my legs wide, and then use my fingers to spread my lips. I started to cry again as I assumed a pose that would embarrass a porno star. The girls started snapping pictures of my total exposure, but it took me a while to get the flow to start. I sighed in relief, and felt a sense of ecstasy as my bladder emptied on the sidewalk. All of a sudden I heard a woman scream, and I looked up to see a couple staring at me. The woman started to yell at me, telling me I was a disgusting pervert, but I just couldn't stop. After an eternity of being berated by this stranger, and threatened with arrest, the flow stopped and I jumped in my car without bothering to put my pants on. Justine got in the drivers seat, laughing at me. She drove and I put my slacks back on.
We didn't go very far before we parked about a half block from a Hooters. My stomach sank as I felt sure that Justine had plans for me there. She had me get out, and when the others caught up with us, she told me she had a few more modifications to make to my outfit. She told me to work on my headlights, while she worked on my slacks. So I just stood there on the sidewalk, tweaking my own nipples, while she worked with the scissors. She cut both the legs off, leaving me in a very short pair of cut offs. Then she came up, and cut more off the bottom of the sweater, so that it did not quite cover the bottom of my boobs. She then cut horizontally from shoulder to shoulder along my collarbones, and then cut from there to a "V" between my breasts. The result was a triangle of flesh exposing the tops and insides of my boobs. My nipples were still covered, but just barely.
Justine looked pleased with herself, and we headed into the Hooters. I've never been in a place like before, and before a couple days ago, I would have been shocked. I have to admit that the girls' shorts there covered even less than mine, but at least they had those thick hose on. And I was showing even more cleavage, with no bra! I attracted quite a bit of attention as we took our seats in a booth, with a lot of guys staring at me.
Our waitress showed up, started to ask us what we'd like to drink, and stopped mid-sentence as she stared at my barely covered boobs. She commented that I had quite the outfit on, that she hoped I didn't fall out. Justine asked "like this?" and reached over and pulled the top down so my nipple popped out. The waitress laughed, and said the boys were going to love us being here. After she left, Justine told me to get both my nipples out and leave them out. I felt like everyone in the bar was staring at me as I sat there with my boobs in plain view. By the time our hot wings came, Tina and Justine had taken to reaching over and twisting my nipples whenever they felt like it. We also had lots of guys come over and offer to buy us drinks, but they always left after a while.
Thank God, the manager finally came over and told me I'd better cover up, or she'd ask me to leave. I looked at Justine, who shrugged, so I covered up. Soon we paid the bill and I was glad to get out of there.
Back at my car, Justine told me to grab my nipples again, as she got the scissors out. She commented that the shorts now seemed pretty modest compared to the Hooter girls', so she was going to fix them. She proceeded to cut across the middle of my butt, exposing most of my cheeks. She left a strip covering my crotch, and then cut up the front toward my hips. When she finished my slacks were more like a thong bikini bottom, with half my butt hanging out in back. Then she cut a triangle out in the front of the shorts, to match the cut out in the sweater. This left a triangle of exposed flesh where my pubic hair used to be, pointing towards my crotch. I couldn't quite see the start of my slit through the cut-out, but I knew it was just a half inch away from being in public view. Justine stood back to admire the view, and told me that I looked like a perfect slut.
Nicole, Melissa, and Tina said they had to go home at that point, so Justine turned to me, and told me that I should kiss them all good-night, and do it like I really meant it. Now I had never kissed a girl before yesterday, and as I've said, Justine is different. I have to admit I am sexually attracted to her, but I am definitely not into women. Just her. So here she was telling me to kiss three other girls, and even though they are all pretty enough, they're ... girls!
It was clear Justine didn't really care whether I was into it or not, she pushed me towards Melissa, who grabbed my butt and my head, and pulled my mouth onto hers. While it wasn't like kissing Justine, I did manage to do okay. I opened my mouth and let her tongue massage mine while she squeezed my rear end. Next was Nicole, who flipped up my sweater, and held my nipples while making me suck on her tongue. I was flushed and breathing hard by the time it was Tina's turn. She gave me an evil smile, and slid her middle finger in the front of my slacks (what was left of them!) and slipped it up inside of me. I was so humiliated, not only to be treated like this, but that I was so wet! She grabbed a nipple, and pulled me to her by my boob and crotch. I did my best to kiss her as she pumped a finger in and out of me and twisted my nipple. My breast really hurt, but somehow the whole thing turned me on, and soon my head was back and I was moaning as I thought I was about to orgasm.
It was not to be. Justine pulled me away, calling me a horn-dog, and she waved good-bye to her friends. We got back in my car, and she immediately stuck her hand inside my shorts, and rubbed my very squishy crotch. She made a comment on how wet I was, and what a slut I was as she wiped her fingers dry on my boobs. This process repeated itself for several minutes. She would put her hand in my crotch, causing me to hump it uncontrollably, but before I could cum, she would pull her hands away and smear my ooze on my bare breasts. I had my eyes closed for most of this, so I have no idea how many people saw my bare boobies, but I'm sure that a few did.
I opened my eyes when the car stopped and Justine pulled her hand away. We were in a supermarket parking lot, parked far back, but under a light where everyone could see me. I hurried to adjust my sweater while Justine laughed at me. She got a notepad out of her purse, wrote a list and handed it to me. She told me that I should wait in the car for three minutes, and then come into the store. In no way was I to acknowledge her, or let anyone know that I knew her. I was to get a cart, and buy the items on the list. Under no circumstances was I to adjust my clothing. If anything fell out, then I had to leave it out. Also, if I needed to stoop down to get something, I should bend at the waist, keeping my knees straight.
As Justine got out of the car, and walked into the store I read the list. I was to buy a banana, a large carrot, a zucchini (at least an inch and a half in diameter), a Japanese eggplant (same diameter), a corn cob, a gallon jug of vegetable oil, a box of condoms, a large candle, and an enema kit. As I waited the three minutes, the enormity of my situation struck me. People were going to think I was some insane, perverted slut. I was barely dressed, it was likely my boobs would fall out during my shopping trip, and I would have a cart full of things that looked like I wanted to stuff them up my vagina! I felt like I was going to cry again, and I started thinking about not doing it. Just getting out, catching a taxi home, and not doing it. But I kept thinking about all the pictures that Justine had, and what she would likely do to me. Not only would I probably lose my job, but I'd probably never work as an attorney again. As bad as this was going to be, I thought I could survive it, so at three minutes, I walked into the store.
Well, I was right, I did survive, but it so bad that I started to hope that I wouldn't. I felt so stupid and humiliated as I walked around the store with everyone staring at me. Justine made no attempt to hide using her phone to photograph me, but I just ignored her. Soon a couple guys and another girl were doing it too. I got the vegetables first, and thank God my top stayed in place. The candle was next, and was on the bottom shelf. I took a deep breath and bent over at the waist to get them. I'm sure the people behind me got a great view of my butt, and probably the underside of my boobs. When I stood up, half of my left nipple was showing. The gallon of vegetable oil was on the bottom shelf, and after getting it my left nipple was covered again, but my right nipple was completely exposed. Fortunately the condoms were easy to reach, so I didn't expose myself anymore. The enema kit had me really worried. I couldn't find it! The thought of having to ask for it was unbearable, but the more time I spent wandering around with a boob hanging out, the more likely I would get arrested. Fortunately I finally found it on the top shelf, and went to check out.
As I stood there, the clerk and bagger just stared at me, the clerk giggling, and the bagger slack-jawed. The clerk made some rude comments about how it looked like I was going to have a lot of fun tonight. The bagger just kept staring. Finally he asked me if I knew that my breast was exposed. Fortunately I had prepared an answer, saying that I was on a dare, and I couldn't touch my top. The clerk scoffed, and told me I might want to cover up before security came to arrest me. Suddenly I was very worried, getting arrested would be almost as bad as Justine sending out those photos. Then I had a brain flash. I asked her if she could pull my top up. She made a disgusted noise, and said there was no way, and said that she was going to call security. Suddenly the bagger said that he might do it. The clerk called me a whore and told me that she didn't care how, but I had better get covered up right away. I asked the bagger to hurry up and do it. He came over, and proceeded to paw me in an awkward and bumbling manner, but at least at the end I was covered up.
I paid the bill, and raced back to the car. Justine met me outside, laughing at me, telling me how creative I had been. I was so embarrassed that I'm still blushing.
Justine resumed playing with my crotch as we drove, and I have to admit I would have done anything to cum at that point, but as we pulled into my garage, Justine stopped before that could happen. Justine made me carry all the groceries in, and she rubbed my butt as we walked. Just as we got to the door, my neighbor Kristy walked out with her garbage. She said something like "holy shit Heidi, what's up with THIS outfit?" Before I could answer, Justine introduced herself, and they started talking. Justine went back to rubbing my butt, and then worked her finger into my crotch. Kristy stared in disbelief as I wiggled on Justine's finger. Justine invited her and Jeff over for some Tequila shooters, but Kristy ust laughed saying not tonight. Justine told her that she hoped it would be soon, and then started to use my keys to unlock my door. I heard Kristy laugh again as she walked by my and got a view of my butt on display.
Finally I was in my own house, but somehow with Justine there I didn't feel any safer. Boy was I right on that one. As soon as we were inside, she told me to strip off what was left of my clothes. Given everything else that had happened, I did that without hesitation. She then told me to go to my bedroom, strip everything off my bed, lay out all the purchases there, and then get on my hands and knees. She told me I could play with myself if I wanted, and that she would be along in a moment.
When she came into my room I was kneeling on the bed, with one shoulder down on the mattress, giving her a clear view of my crotch as she entered. I had my hands back between my legs and was masturbating furiously, but I had not been able to cum yet. What I saw then made me stop cold. She had this diary in her hands and was reading it, laughing out loud. She told me that first she was going to have some fun, and then I would write down all that happened today. She slapped my butt (hard!) and told me to keep playing with myself.
She then proceeded to do the most perverted and depraved things to me. I never imagined that people could be so dirty, and I can't even bring myself to describe it. Even though Justine did make me cum several times, it makes me even more humiliated to know that it could happen from her treating me like that. Just as a snapshot of how evil she is, I have been writing today's entry while on my knees, because I have had an eggplant lodged in my rectum the entire time. Justine told me I had to keep it in until I finished, and it's become almost unbearable. Even worse, for some reason it's kept me turned on the entire time. I don't know what's come over me. Hopefully tomorrow will be better.