This is a slutwife story, so if you're not into that please confine your comments to writing style, grammar, development, etc.
*********
One of Christie's nursing students that had graduated the past semester was going to get married, and had asked Christie to be in the wedding party. Flattered, she'd agreed.
On the day of the bachelorette party, Christie dressed up in a purple party dress she'd bought but hadn't yet had the occasion to wear. It was a halter top, with a plunging neckline that precluded a bra, backless, and long enough to cover her ass and bits unless she went into a full squat. It was tight enough that panty lines would show, but she threw on a matching g-string anyways. As she finished her makeup and jewelry, she noticed it was time to leave. She slipped on a pair of 4 inch heels-also purple-and drove to Sam's house where most of the wedding party was waiting.
Sam was the bride to be, and had returned to nursing school after she couldn't make a living as an artist. She was one of the more conservatively dressed, although her fake wedding dress accented her trim, youthful figure. The women all had gotten to know each other on a superficial level throughout the preparations, and ranged in age from 24-38. Christie was one of the older ones, but one of the more provacatively dressed.
As the youngest finally arrived, they all piled into the rented limo to drive to the gay club they'd decided to attend. It allowed them to drink and have plenty of fun dancing and flirting, but without the constant groping that going to a regular club would have done. As the limo pulled onto the road, the maid of honor opened a bottle of champagne.
The bottle was finished as they pulled into the club parking lot after an hour's drive, and all were giddy and giggly. The atmosphere of the club was upbeat, and they all danced among the group, as well as frequently with people from outside the group.
Early in the evening, Christie caught sight of a taller blonde in a red dress. At first glance, the blonde seemed nervous at being seemingly alone in a gay bar, but as the night progressed Christie noticed that she was checking out a lot of the women, occasionally dancing with one of them.
The "girls" were all having a blast. Some of the guys-and several of the women-were a little handsy, but all agreed it was better than going to a regular club and being constantly felt up. Christie, however, didn't mind it at all-she actually got turned on whenever a stranger groped her, and she rarely discouraged anyone that tried it.
During one upbeat song, she and another girl from the party were out dancing, and the blonde was dancing nearby. As the song ended, Christie's partner left the dance floor, but the blonde grabbed Christie's hand to keep her out. She moved with a sensuous grace, and was an excellent partner. The song segued seamlessly into another fast song, and the two became both more handsy and more naughty. Several times, the blonde cupped Christie's tits through her dress, and when the opportunity presented, Christie reciprocated. This seemed to encourage the blonde, and she became even more aggressive.
At several points during the song, Christie found herself straddling the other woman's thigh, grinding down onto it. The other woman took the advantage of the situations to do the same, and Christie found herself becoming aroused. The other woman may have taken note of it, or it may just have been a natural progression for her, but soon the two frequently had their arms wrapped around each other, one spinning around in the other's embrace before grinding back into her, then vice-versa. As the song ended, the blonde pulled Christie in for a chaste but passionate kiss on the lips before heading to the bar.
As Christie returned to the party, she was greeted with hoots and catcalls from the other women. Another fast song came on, and most of the group headed back onto the floor. Christie sat to rest for a few minutes, but all too soon Allison, one of the bridesmaids, came and grabbed her by the hand to pull her back out as well. Allison wasn't the best dancer of the group, and was decidedly sub-par for the patrons of the club, but watching Christie seemed to have ignited a spark in Allison.
As they danced, Allison kept Christie tight in her arms, frequently cupping Christie's ass, and occasionally sliding her hands inside the sides of Christie's dress to run her fingertips along Christie's breasts. At one point, as Christie got a little farther away than normal, Allison reached out and grabbed the deep neckline of Christie's dress to pull her back close. The move served to further excite Christie, not only at the aggressiveness of the other woman, but also because the move threatened to expose Christie's top. It also served to jerk Christie into the eyes of the blonde, still seated at the bar.
For the next couple of hours, Christie danced often and with a variety of partners, but found herself dancing for the blonde in particular. She came out and served as Christie's partner a couple of times, although also danced with a couple of other women as well. However, she was more daring with Christie, twice going so far as to drag her fingers between Christie's legs and along her damp slit.
Eventually though, Christie needed to use the restroom. She had finished and was freshening her makeup when the blonde came in, leaning her full body against Christie's. Her hands traced up the sides of Christie's dress, and her lips brushed against Christie's bare shoulders. As her fingers traced around the curve of Christie's breasts, Christie's breath quickened and her bosom heaved.
"I think you're enjoying getting turned on by a woman, aren't you?" came the husky voice over Christie's shoulder, the lips tracing the words against her skin. Christie's eyelids drooped with arousal, and her panties became even more soaked. The hands tracing her breasts came to encircle her nipples, nudging the piercings and causing a gasp of pleasure. Deviantly, the blonde flicked Christie's nipples several times, then resumed circling them with the occasional flick or tug.
The blonde smirked in satisfaction. "I think the little slut also enjoyed putting on a little show out there, didn't she?" The hands slipped inside of Christie's dress to start tracing the outline of her nipples as Christie whimpered in arousal. Christie nodded, and the fingers gently squeezed then tugged the hard pieces of sensitive flesh. Suddenly the blonde reached around to grab the opposing side of the dress, turning Christie around but also exposing one tit.
The blonde in the red dress boosted Christie onto the counter, then stepped between her spraddled legs and kissed her, her tongue flicking out to taste between Christie's teeth as one hand rubbed Christie's thigh and the other her exposed breast.
"I think the little slut is ready to get out of here and put on a REAL show too, isn't she?" the blonde asked into Christie's mouth. Christie's eyes were closed, and her own tongue reached out to search for the other woman's even as Christie nodded. "Take off your panties first to show me that you are," the blond instructed.
Christie's hands went under her skirt to fish out the sodden g-string, bouncing a little to slip it over her ass. The blonde's eyes tightened appreciatively as she stepped back to allow Christie to slip it over her knees and noticed the bald and dripping pussy, then she was immediately back between them to kiss Christie again.
"Mmmmm...so the little slut is not only wanting to put on a show, but also have some fun, too..." came the words into Christie's mouth again. She stepped back after a long but deep kiss, pulling a cell phone from her bosom and snapping a picture of Christie, one tit exposed, knees spread and showing her arousal, and the skimpy panties hanging from the heels. One more kiss, followed by, "Let's get out of here."
Just as she said it, the door to the bathroom came open and Sam, the bride-to-be, stepped in. At a glance, she saw Christie's situation. "Christie?!? Are you ok?!?" The blonde's gaze swung in irritation at the intrusion, while Christie's was slower and filled with arousal. "If you feel you need to, we can leave any time. A couple of the girls are pretty hammered anyways."
Christie smiled back at her former pupil. "I'm fine," she responded. Sam came over and grabbed her hand, leaning her head against Christie's shoulder.
"I haven't really been drinking that much. If you need, I can just take you home, or come and get you any time. Just call," she promised.
Christie squeezed the younger woman's hand, then kissed her cheek affectionately. "I'm fine," she told her. "But if something changes, I promise I'll call."
With a penetrating glance at the blonde, Sam spun and left the bathroom. The blonde, however, ignored her, engrossed in her phone. Seeing that Sam had left, she quickly bent and pulled Christie's undies the rest of the way off, depositing them in her purse, before grabbing Christie's hand and leading her from the restroom.
Christie hurried to adjust her dress, covering herself just before entering the dance floor again, but not smoothing it over her ass until they were several steps out. The blonde hurried her outside, where an Uber was just pulling to the curb. The woman practically threw Christie in, her body moving directly with Christie's. Her mouth engulfed Christie's her tongue probing feverishly at Christie, even as her hand slipped into the neckline to paw at Christie's tit, the door slamming behind her almost simultaneously.
Within minutes, the blonde's free hand was untying the halter of Christie's dress, then pulling it down and exposing both breasts. The blonde quickly dipped her head to lap at one of the engorged nipples, her tongue expertly playing with the piercing. Christie noticed the driver-a male-adjusting his rearview mirror to enjoy the impromptu porno playing out in his backseat as he pulled from the curve.
The blonde's hand slipped down to Christie's thighs, pushing them apart before probing at her cleft. Finding the aroused nub there, the blonde rubbed her index finger from the base of Christie's clit all along until reaching the opening, gathering a bit of nectar before pulling back to swirl it around the pleasure hub.
Christie moaned with appreciation, pulling the blonde's head tighter against her tit while grinding down on the probing fingers, her eyes meeting the drivers. Quickly, the blonde had Christie on the edge of an orgasm.
"Are you going to be my little plaything whore tonight?" The blonde dragged her head up Christie's chest to ask, nipping at her ear as she did so. All Christie could do is nod as her hips ground down, trying to get that last little bit of stimulation so she could cum.
"I've got a husband at home who's really going to enjoy watching us," the blonde purred. "Be a good girl, and he can even join in a little." Christie whimpered, both in arousal at being watched while having sex with another woman, as well as the possibility of having another guy than her own husband join in, as well as from frustration at the orgasm that was just out of reach.
"Are you going to be a good little whore? Make me cum really good for him? Be our little plaything for the night?" The fingers edged Christie ever closer, and her whimpering became more plaintive. "Say it," the blonde commanded.
"Yes," Christie pleaded. "Please yes!" The fingers in her cleft began to rub more insistently, and the blonde's head moved back down so she could gently bite Christie's nipple. Christie came hard, the orgasm leaving her convulsing and gasping, trying to get the fingers actually inside her for the additional stimulation. The driver jerked the wheel suddenly, reminding Christie that she already had an audience and causing another wave to wash over her.
As she came back to normal, she pulled the blonde's head up so that she could kiss her in thanks, then bent her own head to expose the blonde's breast and return the favor. Her own hand went between the blonde's legs, her index finger curving over the other woman's clit to slide deep into the waiting pussy. Christie alternated between circling the aroused pleasure nub, to lightly running over it, to pressing it tightly as the finger slid deep inside the blonde.
The blonde was evidently about as primed to cum as Christie had been, because her legs soon clamped around Christie's hand to hold it inside herself, her hips spasming and her hand roughly grabbing Christie's hair to pull her into her tit. The blonde's moans of pleasure filled the car, and all Christie could do was wiggle her index finger inside the blonde and suckled the nipple in her mouth to make the orgasm last as long as she could.
Soon enough, the blonde released Christie, blowing a kiss that apparently had been held in her outside hand as Christie had nursed. "We'll be there in a few minutes, honey!" She said, before closing the app. She leaned over to kiss Christie, then looked critically at her.
"This won't do," she proclaimed, holding the top half of Christie's dress out from her body. "Sluts don't get to wear clothes while on their way to be fucked. Get out of it," she commanded. Christie flushed with humiliation, her eyes locking with the driver's in the mirror, even as her body responded. She lifted her hips to slide the dress down her legs, the blonde helping it the rest of the way off and holding it in her lap. "Think you can give the nice man a tip and cum again before we get to my house?" the blonde asked in a sinister voice.
Christie draped one leg over the other woman's, then splayed her opposite leg towards the car door. One hand opened her vaginal crevasse to show the opening and her clit, the other went back and forth between the honey pot and pleasure center. The blonde's arms went around her to play with Christie's nipples.
"Mmmm...you're such a good, obedient, little cunt," the blonde whispered into Christie's ear. "So open, so willing to please, so talented..." Her words trailed off as her hands clamped firmly on Christie's nipples, pulling them hard out from her body and twisting them. Christie shrieked at the pleasurable pain, her fingers flying over her clit as her orgasm once again grew near.
"And so EASY! You let yourself get picked up on a gay bar, wearing a wedding ring for crying out loud! You're naked in the back of a stranger's car with him watching you play with yourself, and you got off another woman in front of him! Such a SLUT!" With the word "slut", the pulling, squeezing, and twisting came again. With them and the dirty name, so did Christie's orgasm. She wailed in pleasure as her hips bucked and her fingers dipped inside.
As Christie began to come down from her peak, she noticed that they were parked in the driveway of an upper-middle class neighborhood. The blonde opened her door, then reached back in to pull Christie out. Her hand cupped Christie's bare ass to guide Christie in front of herself across the sidewalk and to the front door. The women's heels clacked loudly on the concrete. There, she fumbled in her purse, enjoying giving Christie a humiliating and naked wait on the front stoop in view of anyone that may be looking outside.
Finding the key, she unlocked the door and threw it open, pushing Christie inside before brushing past and melding her body to the middle-aged gentleman wearing a robe who appeared around the corner. Christie waited in the open doorway, unable to come in far enough to close the door behind her while the couple kissed.
After what seemed like an interminable wait, the blond turned around inside her husband's embrace, one hand holding his against her breast, the other reaching up and back to stroke his jaw.
"Isn't she adorable," the woman beamed to her husband. "So cute standing there, naked to the world, having just cum twice on the ride home. Once from me, and once from herself as a tip for the Uber driver. Plus she was able to make me cum on the ride home too."
The husband caressed the blonde's breast under her hand, his free hand going between her legs as he studied Christie's naked form, still standing uncertainly in the open doorway. She saw his fingers slowly diddling her beneath her skirt, and Christie's own legs spread slightly while imagining the sensation of it being done to her.
"Quite a pair of filthy sluts," said the man as his fingers made a sudden movement under the other woman's skirt. She gasped in pleasure, melting into her husband and her knees splaying slightly. "I think you did well tonight, dear."
"Mmmmm..." the blonde muttered to her husband. Pulling away with apparent reluctance, she moved to Christie and roughly grabbed her by the hair. "Come here slut, entertain my husband while I strip for him." She pushed Christie to her knees in front of a couch, which the man sat upon, knees straddling Christie's kneeling body. He opened his robe, showing his firm stomach and half erection.
Christie heard music start from the surround sound system artfully hidden somewhere in the room, and slowly leaned forward to start lightly stroking the man. She was dying to watch the blonde strip, and finally see the form that had been tantalizing her all night, but instead focused on the piece of man-meat slowly coming to life in front of her.
Once it was fully hard, she leaned forward and licked its length, from the lowest hanging part of his sack to the tip, then down the other side. Once at the base, she ran her tongue around to the side, then up and over and down the other side. Once there, she swirled it around in small circles, with it brushing her face while her tongue slowly travelled around it, progressing in a spiral towards the tip. She felt the pre-cum making her cheeks wet, and once at the top squeezed firmly to create a large dollop of the clear liquid.
Opening her mouth, Christie put the flat of her tongue on the underside of his shaft and licked up and out, the treat spreading itself along all of her taste buds. She then slowly sucked him into her mouth, working him steadily into her mouth until her nose was against his abdomen. She paused there as his hand came behind her head, gently running his fingers into her hair to hold her there. Her breath hissed through her nose while she waited, then just as slowly progressed off.
Suddenly another hand grabbed her hair, pulling her upright. "That's enough," said the blonde. "Time for the show to start." Dropping her grip on Christie's mane, the blonde spun and catwalked out of the room, her heels clicking on the hardwood flooring. Christie followed the swaying, firm ass down a short hallway to a staircase, then upstairs and to a large master bedroom. There, the woman pulled her into a rough embrace and kissed her deeply while the husband moved into the room and took a seat across from the bed.
Once he was seated, the woman guided Christie onto her back, her head at the edge of the mattress near the man. The wife then climbed onto the bed, her knees on either side of Christie's face, positioning herself so that her husband could watch Christie eat her out. Christie's tongue immediately buried itself in the warm folds above, plunging as deep as she could as fast as she could, and swirling it around inside the tight channel as much as possible.
"Fuck!" The woman exclaimed, "She's got a tongue to die for!"
The husband chuckled. "I could have told you that-she knows how to suck a cock, that's for sure."
Meanwhile, Christie was tongue-fucking the blonde, anxious to have her cum on her face. One of her hands went to the wife's hips, then caressed its way inward so that Christie could thumb her clit. The other went reaching for the tit far above. The woman realized what she was after, and leaned forward to accommodate. Christie felt a hand on the outside of her leg and splayed her own legs, eager for any sort of reciprocity.
To her relief, the woman above her began stroking Christie's slit, spreading more wetness from her gaping opening over her clit before flicking the ring there like a marble. Christie jumped at the startling sensation, causing the woman to laugh.
"God, she really is a slut," she moaned to her husband. "I just flicked her clit ring like a marble and she jumped like I'd branded her, but her tongue never quit inside me. You should see how wide open she is, desperate to be fucked, and leaking like she hasn't been fucked in months."
Christie's cheeks burned at the coarse description, but her tongue never faltered. Suddenly, she changed focus and instead dipped her head slightly to start tonguing the other woman's bean. Slowly at first, with broad strokes of the flat of her tongue, then more rapidly, with the point. She could feel the shudders of pleasure going through the blonde's body, and the rubbing at her own clit intensified in speed and pressure.
Without warning, Christie sucked hard on the clit above her, making the wife shriek in pleasure. Her knees clamped hard on Christie's head, and her weight came down on Christie's face. A warm and tangy flood came running out of the channel above, filling Christie's mouth with its taste. She drank it in, reveling in the ability to make the other woman cum so easily, and kept sucking and flicking the clit with her tongue until the other woman lurched off her.
"Enough!" The wife gasped. "God you're good at that!"
As she lay panting, the husband stood and circled the bed. Christie looked up at the ceiling and noticed a mirror there. She was able to keep watch on the husband out of one corner of her eye, even as she was able to take in her own wanton form. Her legs were splayed wide, and she could see a damp spot on the sheets beneath her ass where her own juices had leaked over her ass and down to the covers. Her clit was standing proudly at attention, aching to be stimulated, as were her nipples, with all three rings jutting out from their respective nubs.
Her face was shiny wet with the other woman's juices, the aroma of which still filled her nose, and the taste of which were still in her mouth. Christie licked around the outside of her teeth to gather it up, then around her mouth to get more. The man chuckled as he saw her doing so.
"Taste's good, doesn't she? Women can't get enough of her. Neither can I, for that matter," he informed Christie. "Let's see how you compare."
Christie felt the bed lurch as the man climbed onto it, directly between her legs. His tongue went straight for the nub at the cleft of her slit, tickling it's way from the base to the tip, his teeth catching and lightly pulling at the ring through the hood. Christie hissed a breathe of pleasure at the electric current that shot through her, her hands moving to her own breasts to stimulate them.
Within moments, she could feel an orgasm crescendoing, at the filthiness of being picked up for some random couple's pleasure, at the sensations of the man's expert tongue, and at her own hands. Before it could peak though, the man pulled back.
"When you cum will be for Tanya to decide," he chuckled. As the other woman rolled back on top of Christie, her body stretched out in the 69 position, Christie could feel but not see what she assumed to be the man's hardon sliding from her rectum to her clit. A set of fingers began to play with Christie again, nudging her back towards the top of the wave again.
"You can cum when I do," came Tanya's voice. Christie obediently stuck her tongue back out, lapping at the other woman to start building another orgasm for her, even as the man climbed from between her legs.
From her vantage point, Christie was able to watch as the phallus-coated in Christie's own juices-slid easily into the vagina of the other woman. Christie began to alternate between pleasuring the clit above her and the cock sliding in and out of the sexual orifice.
"She's tonguing my dick!" exclaimed the man to his wife. "God is she good with that thing."
The woman laughed shakily. "That's not all she's doing, she's got me almost ready to cum again by using it on my clit." Christie took encouragement from that, and sped up her licking, her hands reaching up and around to toy with the woman's anal sphincter.
A large, rough hand came down to play with her tit once the husband saw her doing so, and the woman moaned with pleasure. The fingers at Christie's gash became more insistent, even as the copulation above her intensified. She watched as the sack that had been dragging over her forehead began to contract, the man muscle sticking out above it also beginning to spasm. Her tongue became like that of a snake, flicking rapidly and lightly over Tanya's clit, until both parts of the married couple came at nearly the same time.
More quickly this time, Tanya climbed off Christie's mouth. "Too much," she gasped. The husband's cock flopped against Christie's face, and reflexively she began to tongue it, gathering up the mixed love juices of the couple.
"Cleanup on aisle 5 in progress," the man joked appreciatively as his hips moved around so that Christie could bathe his cock. He climbed on the bed, sliding her down as he did, so that he could slide himself directly into her welcoming mouth. Christie was grateful that her aching tongue could relax slightly inside her mouth, even as she worked it furiously around the penis inside it. It didn't take long for it to come back to life, and the man began thrusting slightly in and out of her throat.
"Go ahead honey, she's earned whatever you have left," Tanya said tiredly from next to them. The man climbed off and walked around to the bedstand at the other side of the bed, pulling out a drawer. For her part, Tanya opened the nightstand on her side, pulling out a vibrating wand. Switching it on low, she pressed it to Christie's pleasure nub, making small circles around it. Christie began to move her hips around, seeking more of the heavenly sensations, then felt an intrusion into her pussy. She recognized the greasy feeling of a condom encasing the man's cock.
She didn't have time to protest the disgusting feeling-she'd grown accustomed to bare cocks that her husband arranged for her-however. Tanya switched the vibrator to the next speed, and also began to play with Christie's nipples. The utterance that had sprung to Christie's lips turned into a gasp of pleasure, and the man began pounding in and out of her mercilessly.
It was the rough treatment she'd been needing after the orgasm denial she'd experienced only a short while before, although it felt like an eternity.
"Look at this cunt take your cock, honey," the woman crooned to her husband. "Such a slut, picked up at a bar, making me cum over and over again, and probably milking your cock for whatever it can get." Indeed, Christie's entire pelvic region was spasming in pleasure. She wrapped her legs around the man's waist, encouraging him to go faster and harder. She began to moan with lust, and Tanya flicked the wand up to its highest setting.
This was enough to push Christie over the edge, and she came with a wailing shriek. Her whole body convulsed, bucking hard against the man's cock and the woman's insistent wand pressed hard against her clit. The woman pulled hard on Christie's nipple, taking her to an even higher level and bringing another yell of pleasure.
The husband's thrusts became shorter and more forceful, until he too reached another orgasm. Once his pounding stopped, the woman withdrew the wand from Christie's clit, allowing her to come down. Tanya held the condom as her husband pulled out of Christie, making sure that not a drop spilled. She brought it to Christie's mouth, then tilted it. Christie understood that she was to drink it, and did, although she grimaced at the taste of the latex.
The woman noticed, and chuckled. "I know, I don't care for the taste of condoms myself," she confessed. "But it's hot to have a woman swallow it all the same. If we'd talked more earlier and could be sure you were safe, sometimes we play bareback all around. You were just too hot, and I couldn't keep my hands off you long enough to bring it up."
That said, Tanya reached over and kissed Christie deeply, her own tongue swirling inside Christie's mouth to taste the residue residing there. Now that they were all spent, a more tender side to the blonde wife came out. "Are you ok?" she asked. "I hope we didn't take too much advantage."
Christie gave a half laugh. "I enjoyed every second," was her own confession. "Well, almost. We usually play bareback too, but only after it's a guy that my husband has carefully researched and approved. I've only been with two other women, and he didn't say anything about me hooking up with them. So while you're safe," her eyes flickered to the husband, leaning on one arm across her body, "I may get in trouble for going a little too far."
At the look of concern crossing both the couple's faces, Christie winked conspiratorially. "I think I have a plan for getting around that though," she reassured them. "You'll just have to loan me your wife for a night," she said with a direct gaze at the husband. A surprised look passed between the two, then they laughed.
"Sure," he said. "Fair is fair. We had you, now you two can have her." The trio chatted as they cleaned up and called for an Uber to take Christie back to Sam's house so she could get her car. They remained casually naked while they waited, getting to know each other a bit. Tanya was a bank manager in the nearby city, while Steve, as the husband turned out to be, was the owner of a trucking company.
Christie related her own line of work as a nurse and nurse educator, and told them that her husband Chase was an business attorney. At that point, the ride was showing that it was waiting outside. The couple walked Christie to the car, with Tanya donning a robe before she accompanied Christie outside. However, she kept Christie's dress in her own hands. "Sluts leave naked, even ones as good as you," she winked teasingly as she opened the door, then handed Christie the dress.