A few years ago when my wife and I started to experience a decline in our sex life, I turned to the internet as many men in my situation do. I did the usual perusing of nude websites, looking at pictures of porn stars and such but eventually settling into viewing real wives posted by husbands and boyfriends. I began thinking about posting my wife's photos but feared others would spread them around the web. I began thinking of ways to expose her photos without causing any big problems.
One day I came across Craigslist. The personal section was a wonderful idea since it was localized. I started to place ads on Craigslist for others who wanted to chat or email about our wives or girlfriends. As things progressed I would show them photos of my wife in various states of undress. Once in a while I would actually find someone who was from our town or a neighboring one, alas I never found anyone who knew us personally.
I began getting bolder and bolder, as what excited me early on no longer did the trick. I was hooked, like a junkie, I needed a bigger and bigger fix. I wanted to find someone who knew us and show them my wife, a woman they had seen many times in person, in the altogether. It was a daunting task. I began vetting some of the men I was chatting with, getting more and more information about them and what they liked. Finding out who might be close and could be relied on to be discreet. Once I was sure they could keep things to themselves I began the task of getting them to ask personal questions of me, trying to get information as I had from them. That narrowed down the field even more, but I wanted curious men, ones who would pry into my personal life and get closer even than a lot of our friends.
Eventually I found one such person, I began telling him more and more about my wife and myself. He kept pushing, to the point of meeting my wife in local stores without her being aware of who he was or what he knew. I had basically succeeded in my quest. Here was a man who had met and seen my wife in person, even carrying on conversations with her, knowing what her naked body looked like. It was as close as any man besides my self had gotten to my wife, the only thing better would be him seeing her nude in person. I began plotting.
I thought more and more how I would be able to have this occur. He and I discussed it many times and he was as eager for it to happen as I was. I finally came up with a plan. The layout of our house affords a view of the bedroom through a sliding door from the deck outside, this deck goes around the house past the front door and to the walkway. It was possible for someone to stand outside of our bedroom and watch what was going on inside.
My new found friend and I began planning, we chatted online about how we could do this and when, but it never seemed like a good time. Then one night, my wife had just gone to sleep and it was still a bit early, not early in the morning but late enough in the evening that neighbors were retiring. I got online and there he was. I told him tonite could be the night. We chatted for a while as I got up the nerve to go through with this. I was going to expose my wife to this man in person, albeit through a screen. I nervously gave him directions to my house, giving away probably the last secret about my wife and I. He indicated he was on his way. I didn't know whether to believe him or not.
I went to the bedroom and waited, watching my wife asleep on the bed. She was dressed in her usual sleeping attire, panties and a tank top. As I waited I planned what I would do. I got a blindfold and a dildo from our play drawer and stood out of the way. Time ticked away very slowly and I thought that he had chickened out. But just then I heard a slight noise from outside.
I got into bed with my wife and slowly woke her up with kisses. I whispered in her ear that I was quite horny and that we should have a little play session. We kissed as I rubbed my hand up and down her body. I suggested that I blindfold her and that she lay back and enjoy. She agreed wholeheartedly.
After I blindfolded her, I got up and moved the curtain aside so my friend could get the full unimpeded view. He was there, grinning ear to ear.
I went back to the bed and started kissing her again, working my way down her body, being sure to keep his sight lines clear. He had full view as I removed her tank top, letting her large 40D breasts out into the air. He must have gotten an instant erection when I worked my way down between her legs and slid her by now, wet panties off. I spread her legs wide for him as I rubbed her pussy, running my finger between her moist lips. I rubbed and massaged her body for a long time, being sure that he got a good look at her now totally exposed body.
After about an hour of this, making sure that I had moved her around so that he saw ever inch of her, I undressed and positioned myself at her head. My engorged penis was at her lips, which parted to allow me to slide into her warm wet mouth. My friend told me later that he ejaculated streams of sperm at that moment, watching as my naked wife took my manhood into her mouth and started to suck like a whore.
I was now beyond caring what he saw and had her take me in and out of her mouth for about a quarter of an hour. I wanted him to know what a slut I had for a wife. I also knew that he was going to watch me get between my wife legs and fuck her! And that is what I did, I positioned her and myself so he had full view of her open exposed hole and could see as I slid into her sopping wet pussy. I started slowly going all the way in and drawing all the way out. I continued as I moved us about on the bed so he could see us from the side, even turning so I faced the door and could see him outside with his hand wrapped around his cock, stroking feverishly. This went on for as long as I could stand, but finally the feeling of her tight wet insides and knowing that someone was standing there watching us brought me to a full fledged orgasm, my wife followed along with about her eighth or ninth orgasm. I pumped streams of cum deep inside my wife, groaning each time I pushed in.
I finally collapsed and rolled to the side of her. She reached for the blindfold but I hoarsely asked her to please leave it on, I wanted her to just think of the experience until she was almost back to sleep.
In a while when I recovered, I got up and pulled the curtain closed and went back and removed the blindfold. We went to a spooning position and she fell fast asleep...
naked as the day she was born!