At the airport, Traci was practically in tears over her friend's departure back to the UK. "I don't want you to leave, Anna. We're a team and we need more adventures together and...and you're a good friend...."
"Traci. I love you too," said a subdued Anna. "When we came here to visit I never thought I'd meet somebody like you. We've had a bloody great time, haven't we?!?"
They hugged until the last moment when the final boarding call came over the intercom. Anna hugged Pete, "Take good care of her and thanks for every good fuck you gave me."
All of them laughed and Anna ran for the gate.
Driving home, Pete tried to console Traci. "We can go visit, you know?"
"I know, but you don't make a friend like that very often. We are two oversexed peas in a pod."
"My two favorite sluts in the whole world," he said smiling.
Traci's IM ringer went off. As she read the text, "Oh shit, fuck me with a broomstick, I can't believe it."
"What?"
"It's Casey."
"What does he want?"
"He says Robert is in the process of opening an international club chapter and wants to send us, all expenses paid, to where do you fucking think?"
"No...! You're kidding!"
"We're going to London!!"
***
They barely got in the front door than Traci skipped up the stairs and started laying out her London wardrobe. She was so excited that she was hauling out luggage and dresses were being displayed on the bed.
From the doorway, Pete reminded her, "We don't leave for two weeks."
"I know. Petey, don't distract me, I'm in fashion mode! I'm going to London and I want to look good. When I walk down the street I want every head looking in my direction."
"That's going to happen regardless of what you're wearing."
"You're sweet but stop talking. I need to concentrate on my outfits."
He went back downstairs, got a beer from the fridge and sprawled out on the couch, happy to finally come to rest from this wild roller coaster ride they'd been on since the decision to join the club.
Their approach to sex had changed exponentially and while they had always been sexually active, even watching porn together, the new version of their sexuality was supercharged. Traci was fucking anything that moved and, if he wasn't filming it, he was participating. Their sex radar was always being monitored.
Now she was the face of the club. Traci was that irresistible beauty that every man wanted to fuck and as soon as her pictures and video blew up on the Slut Club website, so did the interest in membership.
Pete remembered back to her asking him before they joined the club, "How would you feel if I fucked another man right in front of you?" Now it had gone from a rhetorical turn-on to 'how many?'.
Lounging on the sofa, he saw the light come on her cell sitting on the table. Oddly she never locked her phone, either out of disinterest or neglect. It was a text from ex-friend Dave across the street.
'Traci - I know I'm not supposed to text you anymore but I can't let go. I want you badly to the point where I'd leave Isabel to be with you. Don't show this to Pete. When we made love at the club it changed my life. Meet me somewhere. Please. You said you loved me inside you.'
He took the phone up to Traci, "Read this."
"Oh no...," she said reading it, "not again."
"Did you say that?"
"Ya, probably, but I say a lot of things when I'm being fucked. It certainly wasn't a declaration of love."
"That's what I figured but I had to ask. Would you mind if I take care of this?"
"Sure, but don't do anything rash."
Back downstairs Pete texted, "Dave, this Pete. I thought we cleared this up last time. Stop listening to your dick. You're confusing lust for love. She's not in love with you. Next time I'm getting a restraining order."
From up in the bedroom, "Pete, come up and see these bras. I need your eye for lingerie."
"Coming dear," he said, thanking his lucky stars for yet another Traci fashion show.
***
The next morning after she'd had breakfast and Pete had gone to work, Traci went off to do some serious shopping for the London trip. She didn't know what the men there wanted to see but she made it her mission to look as much like sex candy as possible. She spent the night before surfing the web for the latest.
She went to an upscale lingerie shop downtown called, Georgie's, a place she'd only visited once before because of the cost but this time was different. They'd be there a week and who knows how many times her adventures with Anna and the club would come down to showing off her underwear.
The store belonged, despite the name, to two men, John and Trent. Surprisingly, they were a couple of straight guys who got into the business to meet women but ended up learning a lot about fashion and how things fit on the body. They started loving the process and the business.
Even though she'd only been there once, John greeted her like an old friend, "Hi...Traci?!"
"How'd you remember?!?"
"Ah, forgive my brashness but I make it a point to never forget an exquisite body."
"Well thank you. I'm honored. You must see a lot of women."
Absolutely, or guys trying to make sense of all this. What can I do for you?"
"I'm going on a trip to London and might want to impress some admirers," she said with extra sexy on it.
"Something hot for your husband?!"
"Yes, and him too."
John paused a second after she dropped that little nugget. "Okay...," he said with a chuckle, "well I can show you some really sexy pieces we just got in. I'll hang some suggestions in the dressing room and you can give me your opinion when you come out."
"Great, but I'd like you to see each of them on me in the viewing room. I trust your vision of these things."
"Well we leave that pleasant task to the husband or boyfriend. Besides, my girlfriend might not be so fond of that idea. We have a protocol. Usually, I have my associate, Mimi, to do that but she's off today."
Teasing him, "So you don't want to watch me model the lingerie?"
"Well it's not that but..." he grinned.
"Are you concerned you might have a reaction?"
"Ahhhh, yes, you might say that. I try to keep things professional."
"Good, I want a professional opinion. I'll even text my husband and get his approval."
"Well I..."
She texted Pete: 'I'm at Georgie's downtown. I asked the owner, a very good looking man, to give me his opinion in the viewing room. Do you think that's safe?'
Pete: 'No, but have fun.'
She showed him the texts.
He laughed, "It sounds like he knows you."
"That he does. So are you going to give me that personal attention?"
"Sounds like I have no choice."
"Don't worry. I can guarantee it won't be painful."
"No, I imagine not. I have to wait until Trent gets back but in the meantime I'll gather some things for you to try on."
The dressing rooms were 4 across, each one with a mirror divider on a pedestal and a comfortable chair for the companion.
Traci waited while John ran back and forth loading the hooks with several suggestions. 'This will be fun,' she thought, 'having another man envision my sexiness'.
Trent dutifully manned the counter, keeping one eye on her ass, and John escorted her back. "I hung them in order of presentation. Hope you like my choices."
She emerged to the pedestal wearing an ornate red lace bra and panty set with a matching choker.
"Whaddya think?" she said, posing seductively.
"I think...if you're looking for attention you're going to get a lot of it."
The next outfit was essentially a purple crop top with nude shoulders and a g-string. On the slutty side but all done in navy blue lace.
On the pedestal with her back to him she bent over to where he could get a tiny glimpse of pink. Looking back at him she could see his desire grow while resisting an almost overwhelming temptation.
"Very hot but not my first choice," he said in his best attempt to remain neutral.
After three or four more outfits and her endless invitations she put on an emerald green velvet bustier that lit up her green eyes. The matching panty was on the skimpy side, just short of a g-string. She was stunning in the black stockings and she played with the angles in the mirror, never taking her eyes off him.
"I need to see it without the panties. Would you help me slip them off?"
"I better not," he said.
"What? Don't you think I'm pretty enough?" she teased.
"God yes."
"Is the door locked?"
"Yes"
"Do you want to fuck me, Johnny?"
"Honest?"
"Yes"
"Okay, I've wanted to fuck you since you walked in the store. It's been almost painful keeping my dick from exploding in my pants looking at you."
"Well I don't want you to hurt yourself any longer so why don't you help me remove my panties?"
He stopped talking and stood in front of her, slowly inching the panties to the floor where she stepped out of them. She spread her legs apart in the mirror, "Yes, I like this look the best."
He pulled his hard cock out and stroked it before her. Turning around, "Well, hello," she said, accepting the invitation. She squatted down and went after his meat like a hungry animal. He indelicately face fucked her.
It was frenzied and he wildly threw her in the chair. She stretched her legs up and he tasted her private delights with such intensity that she came quickly and he had to cover her mouth so as to mask the sound throughout the store.
With easy access for the taking he plunged his cock into her pussy and reveled in the way it clamped down on his manhood. Fucked as many times as he imagined she had been he was amazed at her tightness.
As he was thinking this she came again and he reached up one more time to muffle her scream with his hand.
"Fuck me in the ass, baby," she begged him. "Fuck me in the ass and drop your load in me!"
She turned around on the chair and offered her back door. He spit once or twice on her hole and eased himself in. She made a guttural sound as he pushed it all the way, which lead to her third orgasm, a slowly developing shudder that forced John to cover her mouth yet again.
"God, Traci," he said, breathing heavily next to her ear, "you're a fucking hot little bitch." As he said it he pumped her harder until..."fuuuccccckkkkk," he released a good amount of cum in her ass.
"Was that good, baby?" she asked.
"Fucking fantastic," he said. "Traci, that was probably the best fuck I've ever had. Thank your husband for me."
"I will."
"And pick out your three favorite outfits, they're on the house."
"You don't have to do that."
"I WANT to do that."
"You know, John, this doesn't have to be the only time. I'd love to drop by again and fuck you AND Trent. Maybe Mimi watches the shop?"
"Don't tempt me."
"I'm not tempting, I'm offering."
After she had done a quick cleanup and gotten dressed, she popped out of the dressing room like nothing extraordinary had happened. "Thanks for your help, John. I'll take these three!"
Trent was leaning back against the counter, arms crossed with the smile of the knowing. Two other giggling customers took time to look at her, having heard enough of it to put the pieces together.
When she got to the car there came a text from Pete: 'How did things go?'
Traci: 'Deliciously well. The salesman gave me three outfits for free!'
Pete: 'Geez, I wonder what could have prompted such generosity.'
Traci: 'I don't know. People just like to give me things.'
Pete: 'I bet they do.'
Traci: 'LOL. Bedtime story tonight!'
Looking through the bag at her lovely haul, she found John's business card and written on the back was his cell number and a message, 'Let me know when you're cumming again.'
***
Traci had decided, based on the 5 hour time difference, when to call Anna with the good news of their visit.
"Anna, girlfriend! I've got a surprise for you!"
"By all means, tell me."
"We hadn't gotten out of the airport parking lot and I got a text from Casey about a new club opening and that Robert wanted to send Pete and I there as representatives for the club."
"Wait...no...Traci...you wouldn't be telling me like this if it wasn't here?!?"
"Yup."
The scream was so loud through the earpiece Traci had to pull the phone away from her head.
"That's why Casey was acting so funny on the phone. I'm so excited," said Anna, "I could bust!I'm going to get you fucked in every pub on the island. We'll be the pint and pussy girls! Blokes will be lining up to empty their naughty bits all over us! Now D and I will pick you up at the airport!. What's your flight number?"
"We don't have all the details or the tickets yet but I'll let you know as soon as I do. And I can finally meet your husband!"
"Believe me, he'll be looking forward to meeting you. I showed him your video on the club site and he took the tablet into the loo for half an hour."
***
That evening at bedtime, Pete asked Traci for the promised story of her romp in the lingerie shop and she delivered a cock hardening recount fit for a pervert.
In the middle of the story he penetrated her and kept a smooth motion while she spoke.
"Wait," interrupted Pete, "so you asked him to fuck you in the ass?"
"I didn't just ask, I begged him."
"Fuck...that is so hot, Traci," and Pete banged her harder to where her voice was shaking. "And did he do it?"
"I can be very persuasive, especially when I offer up the goods."
As the story climaxed so did Pete. "Fuuuucccckkkk..." The cum shot out, casting white streaks across her tits. He went down on her and finished her off.
"Traci," he said going to get a towel, "with all due respect, you have to be the nastiest slut wife on the planet."
"Thank you, dear."
"I started thinking today when you texted me, maybe it's time to revise the rules. We've evolved in our relationship to the point where I think we trust each other more than ever. Yes?"
"Yes"
"I think we've moved into a new realm in our sexuality where spontaneity is important. It was cute how you texted me from the shop but I think from now on if the urge strikes and you or I want it, we just go for it. I trust you to make the right decisions. What do you think?"
"I think you're right."
"There's only one thing I ask and that's at the end of the day you tell me who and where. The same rule applies to me. Deal?"
"Deal"
"Bedtime fuck stories optional but encouraged."
"Got it. Just so you know," she said, "I'm going back to that shop and fuck both owners. John gave me his cell number to let him know when I'm coming."
"None of that surprises me. Oh, by the way I secured a domain name for our website. What do you think of 'TouchTraci.com'?"
"I like it but are you sure you want to get into porn?"
"You wouldn't? Look at all the men you could fuck at the shoots. Imagine the thousands of men jerking off to your videos, wishing they could be that guy. We could eventually use other girls but it would focus primarily on you and I would be in the stories, sharing you with other men for a variety of reasons."
"You've really thought a lot about this."
"Yes I have. I get turned on every time I think about it. Men from all over the world wanting to fuck my hotwife."
"It does sound good but let's talk more when we get back from London, okay? The way Anna's talking my pussy's going be in a sling by the end of the week."
***
To get a sense of what having her own website might be like she logged back into the Slut Club site to read more commentary on her pictures and the club video.
To herself, she acknowledged the huge buzz she got reading the lustful posts and as she read she felt herself getting wet and by the time she'd gotten halfway through she was fingering her clit.
You were required to register with the site to post anything even if you weren't a club member.
One of them read: 'Traci, you're the foxy girl of my dreams. I think about you all day, even at work. Sometimes I have to go to the work restroom to relieve the tension. Because of you I'm jerking constantly. - Jim' (In the post was a pic of his dick in hand)
She replied: 'Jim, I'm flattered you're so obviously moved 😜 by my pictures. Mmmmmm, I loved getting fucked like that! See you in my dreams.❤️ Traci'
A couple more reads and responses and she masturbated to climax. She began to seriously consider the website idea. After all, she was a self-acknowledged attention whore.
***
With departure day upon them, Traci was already packed and texted a photo of her outfit to Anna. A fashion homage to the Britain of the '60's; black and white horizontal striped shirt, yellow patent leather miniskirt with suspenders, white lace top stockings, black heels and a black tam hanging cockeyed on her head.
Anna replied, 'Miss Twiggy would be proud. Meet you in baggage!'
'Slight change in plans. They're sending a limo to Heathrow so we might as well live it up. Would you meet us at the Hotel Benedictine for a late dinner?'
'We'll be there! Don't forget to take a nap.'
***
The eight hour flight was uneventful except for a male passenger on the aisle opposite Traci who couldn't take his eyes off of her legs. She noticed him looking at her during takeoff and every time she looked over he was smiling. Pete had decided to nap as much as possible so he'd be fresh when they got there. During that time the admirer across the aisle continued to stare at her. The miniskirt was working its magic, or so Traci assumed so she subtly crossed and uncrossed her legs since she always enjoyed a tease.
Then she noticed he placed an open magazine across his lap and during that time occasionally adjusted his pants. The passenger to his left was taking the same 'wake me when it's over' approach as Pete so in effect he wasn't noticed except for her. Also, his scotch consumption seemed to embolden him and at one point he mouthed to her, 'Wow'.
About two hours into the flight he finally leaned over to her and said, "Excuse me but is your name, Traci?"
"Yes," she said, initially surprised he knew her name. Did he catch a glimpse of her ticket?
"Oh my god," he said, gushing, "I'm such a huge fan. I've watched that video over and over and you're amazing."
"Thank you." She thought, so this is what celebrity looks like. It caught her off guard that some random guy had been getting his rocks off watching her fuck video. At that moment she considered how that recognition would increase greatly if they started the TouchTraci site.
"I've been trying to convince my wife to join, we're pretty open to unconventional things, but she's on the shy side."
"Tell her that after about an hour she wouldn't be shy anymore."
"Thanks, I'll pass that along...say, you wouldn't be interested...," and he motioned with his head to the nearest restroom door.
"Oh, thanks, but I better not. You're a good looking guy but...we've got a long day. Thanks anyway."
"Could I get a picture?"
"Sure"
After the plane landed and they were in baggage the guy waved to her, "Bye, Traci!"
"New friend?"
"Just a fan," she said.
"I'm surprised you didn't meet him in the restroom like he wanted."
"Petey! You were awake!"
"Only with one eye."
***
After they had settled in at the hotel and gotten in a quick nap, Traci got a text from Robert:
'Hope you're enjoying the hotel. Only the best for my girl. Save some of that recruiting pussy for me. Say, hi, to Pete. Itinerary is attached, rest of time is yours.'
Pete, hearing her text ring go off, "Who was that?"
"Robert. He said to tell you, hi."
"Ya, right."
"Oddly, he did, and he sent along an attached itinerary. We meet with the management of the new club tomorrow for lunch, see the club itself after that and then the rest of the day is ours. Oh, and in the itinerary he said don't forget to fuck all of management, we want to make a good impression."
Looking at his watch, Pete said, "We better get downstairs so we don't leave Anna and her husband alone at the dinner table."
Entering the dining room, Anna jumped up and hugged Traci and the guys introduced themselves.
Anna's husband, 'D' as he was affectionately known, was a straightforward, plain talking man who not only loved to fuck but thoroughly enjoyed watching his wife spread her legs for virtually any occasion. The fact that their interests complemented one another made their marriage a successful and satisfying union.
"So, Pete, I hear you shagged my wife on several occasions." Pete was thrown off for a second wondering if it was an accusation or a simple statement. "Anna is not only good at it, she has an insatiable appetite for cock and cum. I hope you enjoyed her...most of my friends have."
Settling into the good natured banter, Pete said, "She was delightful."
"That's good to hear because after seeing that fuck video on the Slut Club website I'm sure you won't mind me getting off with your Traci."
"Not at all," said a polite, Pete, "but I leave those things up to her. Traci?"
"Ride 'em, cowboy!" said Traci, looking straight and sexy at D.
"D likes to make out like I'm the sex fiend in the family," said Anna, "but I've never seen him pass up an opportunity with some willing lass."
D laughed, "That's probably true. So tell me what got you two into this Slut Wife Club, Anna's always talking about?"
Traci fielded the question, "Both Petey and I have had a curiosity about having sex with other people. We used the idea as a turn on for our love making but the more we mentioned it, the more real it became and the more we wanted to try it. Then the Club came along and things took off."
Pete followed, "She would say, 'How would you feel if I fucked another man right in front of you?' and when she finally did I had a lot of ambivalence but the more I got used to it the more I liked it."
The waiter appeared and Anna asked, "Another round of drinks?"
"Absolutely!" answered Traci and turning back to the story. "So how did you guys get into sharing?"
"It was pretty much in play from the start of our dating," said Anna. "Like I told Traci, I was more or less bred into it and D loved watching me as much as doing me."
"Here's this smart, beautiful bird who fucked like a banshee. I was smitten," he laughed. "We were meant to be together."
They talked and drank for another half hour and because time had gotten away from them, Traci suggested sandwiches to go and everyone up to the room. "I have to say that jet lag's getting me a little bit and I don't want the night to get away from us without giving my best friend's husband a proper greeting."
She reached under the table and put her hand on D's thigh. She moved it slightly until she could feel his hard-on.
"Yes," he said, "you two have come a long way not to be properly welcomed."
"Yes, and Anna and I have some serious catching up to do," added Pete, gently sliding his fingers between her legs.
Anna broke the mounting tension, looking at Pete, "If we don't go up to the room soon, I'll clear the silverware and fuck you on this table."
Everyone chuckled, Pete signed the check and they hurried to the elevator. From the moment the the elevator door closed, D kissed Traci and grabbed her ass. "Are we going to make it to the room?" mused Traci.
Pete unlocked the door and stepped out of the way as D, in one swift motion, picked up Traci, her legs wrapped around his waist, and carried her to one of the sofas. Putting her indelicately on her back, he grabbed her panties and pulled them off, voraciously eating her pussy. "I've wanted to rip your knickers off the whole night."
"Oh, god, D, that feels so good...you're going to have me cum...uhnnnnn."
Anna and Pete sat on the adjacent sofa, enjoying the show before Anna stood up, stripped down and helped Pete off with his clothes. "Fuck me, Pete, I'm just getting hornier watching those two."
D removed Traci's miniskirt that had been riding up her waist. With nothing left but her stockings he went on a blinding tear, laying her over the arm of the sofa, taking both her wrists behind her and hammering away.
"Damn, D, fuck me, babe, fuck my juicy cunt..."
Her dirty talk only made him crazier and he slammed his cock in her, shaking her buttocks with each hit. "Is this what you want, slut?"
"Fuuuuccckkk, D, fuuuuccckkk I'm cuuummmiinngg, uhnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!"
Anna was riding Pete as he suckled her tits and bit her nipples until she screamed. "God, that hurts good," she said bouncing her ass up and down on him.
Soon after Traci's second orgasm, D, sounding like a fierce bear, marked his territory with a huge wad of cum on her face. After wiping her off with a washcloth the two of them sat and watched Anna and Pete.
"Fuck her in the arse, Pete!" encouraged D, "she loves to get buggered."
"C'mon, Petey!!" said Traci, "Fuck my BFF in the ass, honey."
D was starting to get randy watching Anna put her rear up for Pete. Traci saw D's erection coming back to life and went down on him. She looked up, "You like?"
"Hell, yes, don't stop."
Pete had Anna face down, ass up, his cock head entering her backdoor. She yelled at the initial push. "Owwww, shit, fuck, piss, oh god." Pete pushed deeper with each pass and reached around and fingered her clit. He grabbed her by the hair and rocked her body back just before she orgasmed, "Agggggunnnnnnnnnnnn, fuuuccccccckkkkkkk.
As Pete filled Anna's ass with his cum, D filled Traci's mouth with his second load and she swallowed.
All parties laid back on the sofa. With a wink, D said, "Well it's really nice to meet you Traci. You too, Pete. Thanks for sharing."
"You're welcome," said Pete, "and thank YOU for sharing Anna."
"Well if you two studs are done congratulating yourselves," said Anna, "just remember you don't get in unless we open the door..." To Traci, "So can we see you guys tomorrow for an actual dinner?"
"Of course, girlfriend," said Traci, "I want to see you every day we're here."
"Great. Maybe we have dinner here and then D and I are going to take you to a fun place called 'Naughty Girl'. I'm just dying to get my friend on stage."
(To be continued...)