I'm Ricki. I'm twenty-seven. I live with my boyfriend Steve. We've been together a couple of years. He's cute and sweet and kind, and the sex is good, and he has a great job, and I love him. He keeps saying we should get married, but I always say not yet.
A few months back I was having drinks with my girlfriends.
"So what's the problem?" Cami asked.
"He sounds like the perfect guy," Sophie said.
Shari laughed. Shari is my very best friend. We've known each other since I was eight and she was nine. We were in high school and college together and know everything there is to know about each other.
"The problem," Shari said, "is that Ricki is a total slut."
"That's so unfair!" I said. "I can control my slutty tendencies. Unlike some other people I could mention." I looked at her to leave no doubt who I meant.
"Ok, then," Shari said, "tell Cami and Sophie how many other guys apart from Steve you've fucked recently."
"None in the last six months," I said.
"But you moved in with Steve a year ago," Sophie said.
"Ok, ok," I said. "I had a moment of weakness. We all do. You once fucked a boyfriend's dad, I seem to remember."
Sophie looked abashed, but only a little. "But he was so sexy," she said. "And amazing in bed. So much better than his son."
"See," I said, "I'm not the only slut here. And I felt really bad about cheating on Steve, so I haven't fucked anyone else for the last six months."
"Six whole months!" Shari said. "You're a reformed character!"
"Ok, ok," I said. "I'm a slut. That's the problem. I can't imagine fucking just the one guy for the rest of my life, but I love Steve and don't want to cheat on him."
"So you're never going to marry him?" Cami asked.
"We're working on a solution," Shari said.
"Therapy for her cock addiction?" Sophie asked.
"Um, everyone, it would be great if you kept your voices down just a little," I said.
"No," Shari said. "The solution is to make Steve into a truly perfect husband."
"He sounds pretty good husband material as he is," Sophie said.
"There's room for improvement," Shari said.
I nodded. "Shari came up with a plan."
"What's the plan?" Sophie asked.
"To get him to want Ricki to fuck other guys," Shari said.
Sophie and Cami looked at her with disbelief.
"You mean to get him turned on by her fucking other guys?" Cami asked.
"Exactly," Shari said.
"How is that even possible?" Sophie asked.
"Anything is possible with the right plan," Shari said.
"Shari has a five-step plan to make him into the perfect husband," I said.
"We've got to hear this," Cami said.
"Ok," Shari said. "Because you're our friends, we'll tell you. But if the plan works, we're going to start charging for it."
"It hasn't worked yet?" Cami asked.
"Well. Step One worked," Shari said. "We're now on to Step Two."
"What was Step One?" Cami asked.
"Shari called it Initial Exposure,'" I said. "She's given names to every step."
"Step One, Initial Exposure, is getting Steve turned on by other guys looking at Ricki's body," Shari said in a professorial tone. "It's like getting a puppy used to having a collar on. A first step before you can teach it to walk to heel."
---------------------------------
Step One began in early summer. One Saturday morning we were lying together in bed.
"I need to get some new clothes," I said. "Want to come shopping with me?"
"Maybe," Steve said, hesitantly. "What do you want to get?"
"Something sexier than I already have."
"You have very sexy clothes," he said.
"I'm not so sure," I said. "I was thinking about shorter shorts and skimpier tops."
He needed no more persuasion. We came back with three pairs of shorts and three skimpy tops. He sat on the bed as I tried them on for him.
"You don't think these shorts are too tight?" I asked him.
"They look great," he said.
I looked at my ass in the mirror. "They don't show too much of my ass?"
"They look amazing," he said.
"And these tops," I asked. "Do you think I have to wear a bra? You can see my nipples through the material."
"No bra," he said. "You have beautiful boobs."
"So you think I look sexy?" I asked.
"Incredibly sexy," he said. "Come here and I'll prove it."
I knelt between his legs and pulled off his pants and began to stroke his hard cock. "I love it that my clothes turn you on, baby," I said. "But are they too sexy to wear outside?"
"No," he said. "I want you to look sexy. I want to show off how beautiful you are."
I pushed him back on the bed, pulled off my shorts, and straddled him. I lowered myself on his hard cock, feeling a rush of excitement surge through my body as he entered me. "I'm glad you like the clothes," I said. "I can't wait to wear them. My nipples will be so hard knowing everyone can see them."
I pulled up my shirt and fondled my nipples. "Did I ever tell you that I have exhibitionist tendencies?" I said. He held my hips and pushed his cock deep inside me. I moaned quietly as he fucked me. "I want guys to see my hard nipples. That will turn me on so much." I put my hand between my legs and caressed my clitoris. My moans got louder as my orgasm built. "I want guys to see my ass in these little shorts. It'll make me so horny seeing them checking out my ass." He came, thrusting deep into my pussy. I pushed my hand firmly against my clitoris and came too.
That night we walked to a bar a few blocks away. The warm evening air felt wonderful on my bare legs and shoulders. My nipples got hard and stayed that way all night. When we got home I told Steve I had noticed guy after guy staring at my boobs. "Maybe I was looking too slutty," I said.
"If it turns you on to show yourself off, I'm all for that," he said.
I sat cross-legged next to him on the bed and held his cock in my hand, feeling it grow.
"When I was eighteen," I said, stroking his cock, "a boyfriend asked me to go to a nude beach with him. I said no because I thought a good girl shouldn't get naked in front of everyone who wanted to look. But I've always regretted it. Whenever I think about it, I get horny. Do you think I'm a little kinky or something?"
"Wonderfully kinky" he said, sighing softly as he got hard in my hand.
"I don't know how many times since then I've masturbated imagining guys watching me undress on a beach. I play with my pussy thinking about guys watching me get naked and getting hard and playing with their cocks."
His sighs got deeper as I stroked him more firmly. "But maybe I shouldn't tell you my kinky fantasies," I said. "Particularly the slutty ones."
"I want to hear them all," he said.
"When I'm masturbating, I imagine myself undressing then lying on my back on the beach. And I imagine spreading my legs so the guys can see my pussy, and then masturbating for them."
He was so close to cumming. "And then?" he asked.
"And I imagine them all cumming at the same time, huge spurts of cum shooting towards me. I imagine cum splashing over my face and body. And that's when I usually make myself cum." As I said that, he came, shooting long strands of cum over my hand.
I lay on his shoulder, looking at him. I kissed him softly on the cheek. "Did my kinky fantasy shock you, baby?" I asked.
"No," he said. "It made me so hard."
------------------------------------------------
"That's it?" Sophie asked. "That was Step One?"
"There was more of the same," I said. "I bought some even shorter shorts, and told him more of my exhibitionist fantasies."
"That one was great," Cami said. "I'm going to include it my repertoire of fantasies."
"Glad to oblige," I said. "But Shari made it up."
"I made up so many for her," Shari said.
"Hey," I said, "I contributed."
"But most of yours were soppy and romantic," she said. "Mine were more to the point."
"Because they all ended with imaginary guys cumming over me?"
"They were all cute imaginary guys," she said. "Nothing wrong with cute imaginary guys cumming all over you. And my fantasies worked, right?"
"Did they work," Cami asked. "When did you decide that he passed Step One?"
"He would pass when he asked Ricki to tell her one of her fantasies,"' Shari said. "One of my fantasies, I mean, with guys cumming all over her."
"How long did that take," Sophie asked.
"A couple of months," I said. "One night we went to a friend's party and I was wearing barely anything: a tiny pair of shorts and an almost sheer top. I felt unbelievably slutty. As we were dancing, Steve pulled my shorts up higher still so even more of my ass was displayed. We were both so horny. As soon as we got home he pulled down my shorts and put me on my knees on the bed and fucked me. He asked me whether I was turned on by everyone seeing so much of my ass and my hard nipples. I said it made me so horny imagining all the guys there getting hard looking at me. He asked me what would have happened if these guys had taken me upstairs to a bedroom. I told him that I would have pulled down my shorts and knelt on the bed so they could see my ass and my pussy. I told him how they would take out their cocks and stroke them as they watched me fuck my pussy with my fingers."
"And then they would cum all over her cute ass," Shari added.
"Of course," I said. "Steve was so turned on by the fantasy. It was amazing fucking."
"So you're almost there," Cami said. "You've found out that he's turned on by you making out with other guys."
"Not so fast," Shari said. "He's turned on by her getting turned on by other guys getting turned on by her."
Cami looked a bit confused.
"I mean," Shari said, "it's all still in the realm of fantasy. Imaginary guys with imaginary cocks with imaginary cum. There's not even any imaginary fucking yet."
"But he passed," Sophie said. "So what's Step Two?"
"Step Two," Shari said, "is called Indecent Exposure. It involves another imaginary former boyfriend. He's called Dan. This imaginary former boyfriend is a little bit more kinky than the first."
"Dan gets turned on by posting pictures of me on the internet," I said.
"Nude pics?" Cami asked.
"Of course," Shari said.
"It starts with some pictures Shari took of me," I said.
"Very sexy pictures," Shari said. "I have them on my phone. You want to see them?"
"Yes," Sophie and Cami said.
"No," I said.
"Don't pretend to be such a prude," Shari said, and showed them to Cami and Sophie.
"Oh my god!" Sophie said at one of them. I knew which one she was looking at. "You posed like that for Shari?"
I shrugged my shoulders. "I was just following her plan," I said. "She said I should spread my legs and play with my pussy."
"And it's not that I hadn't seen her play with her pussy before," Shari added.
"Too much information, sweetie," I said.
"Tell us all!" Cami said.
"What's to tell?" Shari asked. "Haven't you ever watched your girlfriends get off?"
Cami and Sophie stared at her and shook their heads.
"We're getting off point," I said. "We're talking about Step Two of Shari's plan, not what she and I have or haven't done with each other."
"Have done," Shari said.
"Sshh," I said. "Back to your plan."
"Ok, ok," Shari said. "So the plan is for Ricki to tell Steve that an ex-boyfriend called Dan took these pictures and posted them on the internet."