When Tom pulled into the rest stop along the Alaska highway on his retired NYPD motorcycle, a few people looked at the bike with curiosity. It still had chrome on the panniers that spelled out POLICE, but all the police lights, decals, and the siren were gone. When Tom walked across the parking lot to the rest room facility, all the women, and some of the men looked closer. There was something about the smooth way he moved that was almost sensual - or sexual. The men felt uneasy without knowing why, and the women, for the most part, wanted to know more.
Liz and Jessica paid particular attention. They were on a cross-country adventure, having both divorced in the past two years, and together, had purchased the pickup camper they were driving. Not a couple, just good friends for many years. Both marriages had collapsed at about the same time. They had already been going on girls-only camping trips together for several years, so it seemed natural to team up and do some exploring.
Tom came out and went over the edge of the bluff that gave the rest area an expansive view of the forests, meadows, and wetlands below. He quickly spotted a cow moose and her calf in the wetlands below. Liz and Jessica were standing close by so he pointed the moose out to them.
They moved closer so he could show them exactly where to look. Tom, as was his nature, was very interested in anyone he happened to be around, a trait that helped him make friends easily. When he turned his attention on someone, it could seem intense. Liz and Jessica immediately felt that connection.
While Liz went to their rig to retrieve a spotting scope she used for birding, Tom and Jessica chatted.
Tom learned that they were best friends traveling west on the Alaska Highway, having started their journey in Spokane. Jessica learned that Tom had won the bike in an Ebay auction, flown to NYC to get it, and was making his way back to Alaska, which was his home most of the time. When he wasn't on the road.
Liz returned with the scope and set it up to look at the moose. This was exciting for Liz. She'd been anticipating lots of wildlife viewing on the trip and so far had been disappointed. Soon other travelers were invited to use the scope if they wanted, and several did.
Meanwhile, Jessica and Tom continued their conversation, both feeling an attraction and hoping that something might happen to continue the chance meeting.
Jessica mentioned the campground where they were planning to spend the night. Tom told her that it might be full because it was close to the main route of the Alaska Highway and figured prominently in the guide books. Although Jessica had a site reservation and wasn't worried about getting a place, she and Liz weren't fond of crowded, noisy campgrounds.
Tom told her about his destination for the night - an out-of-the-way spot that was not on many maps, had a small lake, and was usually only frequented by locals. This being a Tuesday, it might well be empty.
Jessica was very interested and got directions. It sounded tranquil. Tom warned that there would not be a shower facility but that the hardy could always take a bath in the lake, or just go swimming. The water would be cold, but bearable.
As they parted, Tom mentioned that he was going on a short side trip to fish a small stream in the area. They would probably reach the campground before he did.
Riding down the highway, Tom's thoughts stayed with Jessica and Liz. They were both attractive. Liz a bit taller, Jessica more average height. Liz a blonde, Jessica had deep black hair. Both seemed to be in good physical condition. He guessed they were probably in their mid to late 40s. A bit younger than him. They had been dressed for traveling, both wearing shorts and brief tops that showed four very nice legs, tight butts, and well-toned arms.
His hopes for an eventful evening rose, and his cock tried to as well.
==
The women got into their pickup and also took off, following the directions Tom had given them.
"This could be fun," said Jessica.
Jessica was driving and Liz navigating, using GPS, maps, and Tom's directions. "Looks like it's about 80 miles from here."
On their trips together, Jessica usually drove unless it was a long day and she got tired.
Liz didn't mind. She was happy to navigate and have the chance to take in the scenery.
As they drove, the conversation naturally turned to Tom.
"How old?" Liz asked.
"Hmm, probably over 50, but not much. But looks good." Jessica smiled. "Keeps fit."
"Not your typical dirty motorcycle bum," Liz commented. "Clothes were clean and he didn't stink - at least not more than we do after a couple nights camping."
"Yeah, and the way he moves, makes me tingle. And those eyes. He's hot - for an old man," Jessica chuckled.
"So, your turn or mine?" Liz asked, with a grin.
They'd started having this type of conversation as they had both recovered from their messy divorces; Liz from a stuffy banker who had finally admitted he was gay, and Jessica from a former rodeo cowboy that had found a young buckle bunny with big tits more to his liking. Both were relieved to be moving on from relationships that had taken too long to end.
"Maybe we should let him decide."
"OK," said Liz. "But it might be neither."
"Yeah, let's see what happens," said Jessica. "I'm good either way, sister."
They were both very aware of their ages. Once they had reconciled themselves to the fact of divorce, and that they would be back in the dating game, they'd devised a plan to restore their 'hotness,' as they liked to jokingly call it. They kept each other on track with gym visits and cross-country skiing trips. The horseback riding they both enjoyed had kept their postures good, cores solid, and legs strong. So it really wasn't too big of a chore to get back into shape.
Flat tummies, round butts, and toned muscles were the result.
Jessica's tiny tits, as she called them, didn't sag, and she hardly ever wore a bra. But Liz's larger breasts were just starting their southern trek. It seemed there was not much that exercise could do about that. And she wasn't about to have surgery.
But all the workouts in the world couldn't turn back the clock. So they'd decided to grab the fun while they still could.
==
Tom found the narrow side road that led to the stream he wanted to fish. He'd noticed the spot on a previous meander through the area and had marked it as a place to revisit. He was about 10 miles off the main highway and a couple miles off the smaller paved side road. No signs pointed the way. He expected to be alone and was not disappointed.
After fishing for a couple of hours, catching and releasing several nice ones, he decided to clean up while he was here. He didn't want to show up smelling like fish. But he also wanted to be ready for anything that might happen tonight.
So he stripped down and washed in a deep hole in the creek he'd been fishing. Cold, cold water! He used some biodegradable soap that had the approval of the Canadian government, at least, that's what the woman at the sporting goods store in Winnipeg had told him when he'd bought it. The thought of her, and the night he'd spent with her, brought a smile to his face.Good thing this water's so cold.
Dressing in clean clothes, he headed toward the campground.
It was about 3 o'clock when he pulled in to find the Liz and Jessica camper already set up, and nobody else in the campground.Hope it stays this way.
Jessica was swimming in the lake, around the boat launch area. Liz was sitting on the dock, reading a book. Both were wearing minimal bikinis, showing a lot of toned body.They must work out.
He waved, then began setting up his camp at a site across the campground, leaving them their privacy, as was courteous in this part of the world. If someone else showed up, there was still an unoccupied area of the campground for them to choose. Campers around here tended to value being away from other people, and setting up next to someone when there were other choices was considered rude.
As he was finishing setting up his camp, Liz wandered over.
She was absolutely hot in that almost bikini!
Nice, full breasts that were not contained by her top as much as accented by it. Her suit bottom was not quite a thong, but very brief. Long, slender legs, and a firm middle. Shoulder length blonde hair. Just a few wrinkles around her eyes that telegraphed her age. Otherwise, she'd look to be in her early thirties.
"Hi. Glad you made it," she said smiling and toasting him with her beer. "We were starting to wonder if you'd decided to go elsewhere."
"Just got in a little fishing," he replied, smiling and looking at her with that intense gaze of his.
That look that seemed to go on forever. He wasn't leering at her, just really interested.
"Have any trouble finding it?"
"No. Your give good directions," she said with a smile. "Are you going swimming?"
"No, I swam a bit in the creek I was fishing, so I've already been frozen today," he replied, grinning.
She laughed and said, "That's why I was sitting on the dock. Too cold for me."
He dug a beer out of his six-pack size cooler and offered it to her. "Need a refill?"
"No, thanks. Just started this one," she replied, raising it to him again.
"Well, I'd ask you to sit and join me but I only carry one chair. Want to sit at the picnic table?"
"Come on over to our camp. We have an extra chair, and plenty more beer, wine, and probably some whiskey if you want some."
She turned and walked toward their site, and he learned that the back of her bikini bottom was as brief as the front. Plenty of toned ass cheek showing. And what a nice ass it was. Topping off some beautiful long legs, and holding up a shapely back - with one small string across it, holding those large breasts at bay.
Tom walked with her walk across the campground, regretting he couldn't just lag behind and watch that backside move as she walked. But the front wasn't bad either.
Jessica was coming out of the camper as they arrived. She had apparently already changed out of her swim suit and was wearing some very tight, thin, stretchy shorts, and a loose top with big neck and arm holes, that was just barely opaque.
Liz said she was going to change, then start some pasta cooking. Would Tom eat with them?You bet, he thought. "OK," he replied. "Sounds a lot better than the granola I'd planned to eat."
He noticed she didn't close the camper door, but he could only see the lower part of her legs as the bikini bottom slid to the floor and her hand as she reached to pick it up. His imagination tried to make up for the rest. He saw her feet step into some shorts. When she came into view, moving to the stove to work on the pasta, he could tell that the shorts were very loose and with her elevation above his eye level, occasionally got a glimpse of that beautiful ass through the big leg holes.
Jessica and Tom sat and traded stories about their recent travels, while Liz worked on the pasta. Tom learned that Liz was a law professor and Jessica worked as an administrator for the Forest Service. They'd met because they both like to ride horses, and sometimes went camping together on horseback. Jessica learned that Tom traveled a lot and picked up odd jobs when he needed money. Earlier in life, he'd owned a construction business, which he'd grown into a good sized operation, then sold. He tried not to touch that money since his needs and wants were small.
As they talked it became obvious to Tom that Jessica was not wearing a bra. Any time she leaned or turned, her loose top opened to give him a good view of her small, pert breasts, with nipples undoubtedly getting excited by the rubbing of the loose top. At least, they were very hard for some reason.
Her shorts were completely different. Tight, thin, and stretchy, like yoga pants, but short. No lining, he guessed, seeing how they rode into her slit.Completely shaven? Or very little pubic hair.
She used a round of fire wood as a footstool for one foot, giving him a lot of opportunity to look.
"Pasta's ready," Liz called from the camper. "Tom, would you carry the pot to the picnic table?"
"Sure."
"And here are plates and silver."
Jessica grabbed the plates and utensils while Tom moved the pot of pasta. Liz brought out the sauce, a salad, and a loaf of bread. Jessica went back in and grabbed a bottle of red wine and three glasses.
"To new friends." Jessica toasted, as they raised their glasses and smiled at each other.
The food was good, the wine was excellent, the conversation was lively, and the setting was fabulous. A beautiful Canadian lake all to themselves.
After the meal, a quick cleanup of the dishes, and bear-proofing the food, they settled into their chairs to continue the conversation and watch the sun sink lower across the water. At this latitude, at this time of year, the sun didn't actually set. It would just get a bit darker as the sun briefly dipped below the horizon, more like twilight, before it started back up. It could be disconcerting to people experiencing it for the first time. But it provided a very long sunset, with the reflections off the lake creating spectacular scenery.
As Tom finished his wine, Jessica took his glass and offered a refill.
"No thanks. I think I'll wait 'til after the sex. At my age, I can't afford to take chances," he replied with a smile.
Liz burst out laughing. "What makes you think there'll be sex?" she asked, continuing to laugh.
"Well, just trying to read the signs," Tom responded.
"Liz, you're showing me your pussy every time you move in those shorts with those huge leg holes. I can see some hair, so I know you're not shaven. And your top is so tight and thin, I can count the little bumps around your nipples."
"Jessica, you're just the opposite - top to bottom. Your top is so loose and open, I see your tits, tummy, belly button, or anything I want to look at whenever you bend or move around. But your shorts have me worried. They are so tight, right up in your pussy crack, and starting to show moisture, I'm afraid you're going to come before I get a chance to lick it."
Tom smiled. "So, from where I'm sitting, it looks like you two are more than ready to fuck. But if I'm wrong, please fill up my wine glass. And later tonight I'll honor the memory of your beautiful bodies."
"If I'm right, I think I better start by eating Jessica's pussy. She's already started without us," he said, grinning at Liz.
"So, wine or your shorts? Which will it be?" He looked at Jessica and held out his hand.
Liz still had a grin on her face, but didn't say a word, looking back and forth between Tom and Jessica, waiting to see what Jessica would do.
Jessica paused, smiled, then turned and placed the wine bottle and Tom's glass on the picnic table. Still turned away from Tom, she slowly lowered her shorts, taking care to bend at the waist, giving him a full view of her firm ass and wet, aching pussy.
She turned back towards him, spread her arms and said, "Now what?"
He'd been correct about the lack of pubic hair. She was completely clean, and standing with her legs slightly apart, he could see that her lips were red and swollen, and her clit was prominent. Definitely not a Barbie pussy.
"Sit back down." He used her hips to guide her to her chair, making sure she was seated on the front edge.
Tom knelt in front of her, caressing her thighs, and kissing them lightly as he worked his way higher.
"Up here." he said, lifting her legs to hook her knees on the arms of the chair, opening her pussy to him.
Is it the wine?Jessica wondered.Maybe the beauty of the setting. Maybe I'm finally letting go of my failed marriage. This is not something I would normally do, especially with a man I just met.
Oh, but it is so good!
Tom began licking her thighs, lightly dragging a fingernail up toward her core, causing nerve endings to explode like she hadn't experienced in many, many years.
God, please eat me!I want to feel your tongue!
But he didn't.
He kissed her thighs, he squeezed her ass, he fingered her cunt, but he avoided her clit. He gently massaged her outer lips, pulled gently on her inner lips, almost touching her clit, but NO! Finally, she couldn't take it any more and wrapped her hands around the back of his head and pushed it firmly into her crotch. "Eat me!" she cried. "NOW!"
So he did.
He circled her clit with his tongue, then pulled it into his mouth, causing her to thrust her hips and begin moaning. He sucked her inner lips and gently nibbled, causing "Oh God!" He explored her inside with a finger, then two.
"Yes!"
When he could tell she was well down the road to ecstasy, he pulled back and looked over at Liz, who was watching intently. Jessica immediately begged him not to stop, but he wanted to know the dynamics between the two women. Liz was still smiling, remotely, but not leaving or looking away.
"Help me." Tom said to Liz. "Take off her top." nodding towards Jessica.
At first, Liz looked confused. Then a look of recognition crossed her face.
"We've never done that."
"Always a first time." Tom shrugged, diving back into Jessica, who agreed that was a good thing.
"Yes!"
Liz moved behind Jessica's chair, got the hem of Jessica's top, and pulled it over her head.
Jessica was too interested in Tom's tongue to have a spare thought about who might have removed her top. She didn't care. As long as he kept licking.
"Pinch her nipples lightly." he told Liz. "Play with her tits the way you'd like to be played with."
He went back to eating Jessica's pussy, causing renewed moans.
Liz hesitated. Then she thought of the few times she'd really, really enjoyed sex -OK, fucking, go ahead and say it. The sensations that her breasts had received had been a big part of that pleasure.Can't I give that to my best friend?
With that thought, Liz began to make love to Jessica's breasts. Rubbing, cupping, nipping, slight twists. It seemed like Jessica was appreciating it, groaning in response. Tom looked up and nodded, winking at her as he kept laving his affection onto Jessica's pussy.
"Strip," Tom said, looking at Liz.
What? I can't strip.But then remembered that they were all alone, probably nobody around for miles. And she'd already been almost naked in the bikini that Jessica had convinced her to buy, and wear today.
She pulled her top over her head, allowing her full breasts to swing freely as Tom looked up and nodded. Her shorts were so loose that one button dropped them to the ground.
"Will you eat this one too?" she asked, one hand caressing her own mound.
"That's my plan. First, let's make Jessie come like she never has before. Help me."
So they did - make Jessica come and come and come.
Tom on the pussy, Liz on the breasts, and finally, kissing Jessica as she moaned and moaned.
Finally, Jessica stopped them. "No more."
They slowly came down from the intensity of Jessica's orgasms, and Liz sat back down in her chair, totally naked, legs spread, and Tom sat in his chair, still clothed. The looks that passed among them were full of unspoken content.
Tom looked at Liz. "God, you're beautiful."
Looking at Jessica, Tom said, "She helped you. Will you help her?"
"I will do anything for her." Jessica answered. "Anything."
Tom looked at Liz. "What do you want?" he asked.
"Strangely enough, I've been thinking about this for a while. I want you to fuck me while she eats me. The only way I can see it working is if I'm on top of you, backwards, but if anyone has other ideas, I'm open."
Jessica didn't seem as shocked as she might have been. Tom thought,She must have had similar ideas before also.
Jessica hopped up and said, "I think this would be more comfortable on our mattresses in the bug tent. Come on." She reached out and grabbed both by the hand.
Tom had noticed earlier that they'd erected a sun shelter with bug netting walls on the wooden platform provided for tent campers. Some padding and sleeping bags were inside.Looks like they had planned to sleep outside tonight.A perfect place to continue.
The two women were nude so Tom thought it was time he joined them. He quickly shed his clothes, allowing his engorged cock to feel the air, and the eyes of the women.
"Told you," Jessica said to Liz, grinning.
Apparently they approve.
"OK, this is Liz's time. Jessie, will you help?"
"My pleasure." Jessica said, looking at Liz as she reached over to caress a breast. "I think we've been avoiding this for a while. Liz, I love you. I may not want to marry you, but you're the best thing that's ever happened to me."
Tom looked at Jessica, and at Liz. "Will you eat her pussy?" he asked Jessica. "Do you want her to eat your pussy?" he asked Liz.
They both answered "Yes."
Tom moved around behind Liz and spread his legs around her, leaning her head back on his chest, and pressing his hard cock into her back. This gave her a good view of Jessica eating her pussy, gave him good access to her tits, and caused Liz to always think about the stiff penis that was waiting for her.
Jessica had never made love to a woman before. She knew what she liked, so used that as a guide. Apparently Liz liked the same things. Swirling tongue around the clit, a finger or two inside, nips on the lips. She loved Liz like a sister -no, more than a sister. She just plain loved her. As a person.
If she could give any pleasure to Liz, she'd do it. So Jessica tried to remember all the moves she'd just received from Tom, and from other good lovers in the past, and gave it all to Liz.
Occasionally, Tom would lean over and kiss Liz deeply, sometimes reaching down to pull and spread her labia to give Jessica more access to Liz's clit. Or simply stroke her tummy, raking his nails lightly down towards her center.
As Liz began to sound like she was about to come, Jessica ventured to touch Liz's anus with a well lubricated finger. Liz moaned and pushed against Jessica's finger. Jessica continued to tongue and suck Liz's clit as she began exploring Liz's anus. Rimming around. Slight penetration. Finally, deeper penetration as Liz pushed against her finger.
When Liz exploded into a strong orgasm, Jessica could feel the contractions with both hands - pussy and anus - and almost came herself.
"Now, fill me with that cock I've been feeling on my back," Liz said as she reached around behind her and grasped Tom's cock. Liz moved her legs outside of Tom's, and with Tom's help, raised her body enough to allow the hard cock in question to move forward to her pussy lips. She slowly lowered herself onto Tom's meat, moaning and almost coming again, just from the fullness of the insertion.
Jessica pushed Tom's legs further apart, which also spread Liz more. Jessica now had full access.
Jessica's tongue went back to work on Liz. Sometimes trying to force her tongue inside along with the cock. Her hands were busy with Tom's balls and the base of his cock as it reappeared from time to time.
Tom's large and sensual hands were busy with Liz's tits, gently pinching her nipples, caressing them lightly, and sometimes engulfing them completely.
Liz's hands were busy in Jessica's hair, holding that wonderful tongue to her pussy.
With a loud "Oh God!" Liz let the world know that she'd come again. It was unlike anything she had ever experienced before. With anyone. Ever!
Tom's "Yes" was a bit more restrained as he pumped his load inside Liz.
Jessica's only comment was "Umm" as she licked up Tom's and Liz's juices as they flowed out of Liz's pussy. She quickly shared the tasty mixture by kissing Liz deeply, then, getting a refill, Tom.
They collapsed into a pile like a litter of puppies.
===
After a few minutes, when the breathing slowed and it seemed like they might all still be alive, Tom stirred and started to sit up.
"Think I'll have that other glass of wine now."
Jessica reached over, put a hand in the middle of his chest and pushed him back down.
"Not just yet. I haven't been properly fucked yet," Jessica said. "You're good at eating pussy, but I want to feel that cock inside me. It's been a while."
"Well, it might still be a while," Tom chuckled, looking at his limp dick. "After that workout, I may need some recovery time. But I'll be with you as soon as I can, ma'am."
"While we wait, how about if I satisfy my curiosity?" Jessica said, lifting his balls and sucking them into her mouth, holding his cock in one hand. "Umm, smells good down here. Smells like sex."
She slipped his cock into her mouth and rolled it around with her tongue, and applied some suction.
Surprising both of them, Tom more than anyone, he began to get hard again. He'd never recovered this quickly before.Amazing what good mouth can accomplish.
"Just lay back and relax." she said with a big smile. "This won't hurt a bit."
As he reached full erection, she mounted him, like she did with her horse. But didn't impale herself. She let her wet and swollen pussy push his cock down against his pelvis, rubbing her clit with the underside of his tool.
Hands on his chest and her hips thrusting up and down, he learned that he could get even more erect.God, she's sexy.he thought. He reached up to fondle her breasts but she grabbed his hands and tucked them down to his side, under her knees.
"I told you to lay back and relax, remember?"
Her pace, and her panting gradually increased. She squeezed his arms with her knees and he knew she was coming.
"Oh yeah!" she moaned.
"Now, fuck me."
She raised up and slipped his cock inside as she came back down.
"Umm, I like that," she said, and began riding him in earnest, rubbing her clit against his pubic bone and squeezing him even tighter with her knees.
He really wanted to caress those breasts but knew that right now, she needed to be in charge of this. So he did all he could with his hips to match her rhythm.
He glanced over at Liz, who was watching them intently, laying on her side with one leg propped up, one hand fondling a breast and the other massaging her pussy.
"Kiss me," he said to Liz.
She shifted slightly to bring her mouth to his and they began kissing like two teenagers just learning how. Exploring each other and reveling in each new discovery.
Jessica's assault on his cock and Liz's tongue were combining to drive Tom beyond control.
He broke away from Liz.
"I'm about to come." he warned Jessica.
"Yes, come!" she cried, arching her back, digging her nails into his chest hair. He felt her pussy contracting around his cock and totally lost control, thrusting up inside her and spilling his seed.
Liz's "Yes!" a few seconds later announced that she had joined them.
Jessica collapsed on top of Tom's chest and moved her legs out behind, lying full on top of him, freeing Tom's arms. He reached out and pulled Liz tight against them.Now that's a group hug.
Sometime later, Jessica rolled off of him. Someone dragged some covers over them. And they slept.
===
The next morning, if you could call it morning since it never really got dark, Tom woke to the sound of water running. He cracked an eye and was looking at Jessica's back about 10 feet outside the shelter, pissing. She had one of the blankets wrapped around her shoulders. The morning was chilly and steam was rising from the piss. She had her legs spread to keep from splashing herself, but was standing up.Damn, never actually saw a woman piss standing up before.She had her hands around front and seemed to be directing the stream.Bet she could write her name in the snow.
When she finished, without looking into the shelter where Tom and Liz lay, Jessica went to the camper. Before long, Tom could smell bacon frying.
He got up, taking care to not disturb Liz, and grabbed another blanket to wrap around himself. He made his own moisture deposit to the soil, and went to join Jessica in the camper.
Moving in behind her and putting as much of his body against hers as possible without creating a cooking disaster, he asked, "Need any help?"
"Maybe you should wake Liz." she said. "A kiss is always a good way to do that." she added with a smile.
They sat around the picnic table, eating breakfast, all totally nude except for the blankets wrapped around them to stay warm. The clean air, the sunshine, and the setting all contributed to their contentment. No sexual tension. The were just happy to be together in this moment.
After breakfast, Tom looked at the women. "This has been amazing. I'm so glad I met you," he said. "But I need to move on down the road."
"We do too," Liz responded. "It's been a wonderful experience but I don't want to tempt fate by trying to make it last too long."
So Tom broke camp and headed north towards the Great Slave Lake, which he'd never seen. Liz and Jessica spent the day just sitting around, reading, going swimming in the heat of the afternoon, and occasionally talking about the night before.
After dinner that night, Liz looked at Jessica and said, "We may need to revise our sleeping arrangements. I'm not sure I want to sleep alone any more."
Jessica had a far away look in her eyes. "Sounds good to me."