I have always enjoyed being an exhibitionist. Starting with small acts of showing my body off in public. Pretending not to notice the attention I would get, while secretly getting off to it. Such as wearing short skirts with no panties. Then sitting in such a way that allowed for those I chose to see my tight pussy.
I had increasingly took that further getting more brazen. I never had any interest in going beyond letting someone watch me, as I got off to that.
Which worked out great till the night I went into a restaurant and finger fucked myself while two men sitting across from me masturbated while watching.
Upon finishing I was going into the restroom to mop up my soaked pussy. I heard the bathroom door open and close. I turned to see that the two men had followed me in.
I felt a jolt of fear and excitement. I had never considered the idea that they would actually follow me.
I saw from the hunger in the way they were looking at me, that they were far from being done with me.
I started to tell them the show was over. 'Sorry guys, that's all you get. I don't go further than giving you a show.'
They just continued to come closer to me. I hadn't noticed just how big these men were, or how physically superior they were to most.
One was African American, with eyes that almost seemed black they were so dark. He stood probably around 6'3, the second one was Caucasian and was just a inch or so shorter than his friend. He had light brown hair with green eyes that seemed to sparkle as he looked me up and down.
They were both incredibly attractive men, but as they approached, I couldn't help but feel fear. Why were they still approaching after I had let them know I had no intention of going further.
Green eyes let me know why with his comment. "Oh sweetheart too late for that. You can't put on a show like that, then expect for it to stop when you have you've had enough."
He had a wolfish grin and was looking at me with such a devilish look. I felt my pussy quiver, and surge, ready to squirt more.
Then his friend, (who was so gorgeous, I named him Black Beauty, added, "Baby, we are so far from being done. You started this, now you are going to finish it, or I should say finish us."
My thoughts were going crazy, trying to figure out how to get out of this situation that I had created. "Listen guys, look where we are. Anyone can enter at any moment. Do you really want someone to walk in while you are raping me?"
I see them give each other a look. But then Black Beauty nodded towards the special needs stall at the end. He swiftly reached me, and swooped me up without so much as hitch in his step, as he took me into the stall.
Green eyes right behind us, closing and locking stall door. I started to scream but a hand slapped over my mouth before any sound could escape.
"Baby you'd better get ready to be fucked good. After the show out there, I don't know why you are even pretending you don't want this. Your pussy definitely says different."
As he had been saying this, he had reached down to insert two of his fingers into my wet and ready cunt.
I cried out in reaction. Thrusting my hips towards the intruding fingers, wanting more.
At that, I stopped any illusion of not wanting this just as badly as they did.
"You're right, I do want this, I want you to fuck me like I've never been fucked before. I will be good girl for you."
With this admission they both growled their approval. Green Eyes was now reaching for me also. As Black Beauty continued to hold me in place, as he finger fucked me.
Making slopping noises with each thrust into my pussy with his fingers. "You are so fucking hot baby. I can't remember ever wanting to fuck someone as much as I want to fuck you right now. This pussy is so fucking tight and wet, Mike you need to get a feel of this pussy."
Green Eyes, being Mike, responded to this by telling his friend to get out of the way so that he could get a feel.
With this Black Beauty pulled his fingers out with a juicy smack bringing them up to lick the juice off his fingers.
Which Mike quickly replaced with his fingers in wet throbbing cunt. pumping in and out of me.
Grunting his pleasure. "Agghhh dammnn, you ain't lying, that's a tight pussy."
Listening to them talk, I began to cum over and over. squirting all over Mike's fingers and hand. '
Ahhh man, she is squirting Frank. Fuck yea" Frank who was still holding me up, let Mike know he needed to taste me.
Without any effort he turned my body so that my legs were now on his shoulders. With my back up against the far wall.
My pussy right in front of his face. He began lapping up my juice.
It was good the wall was behind me. I am sure I would have gone flying back as I thrust my hips towards his mouth, and throwing my head back.
Convulsing from the thrill of his mouth on my pussy. I shrieked and caught myself from screaming full out. Biting my lip to keep from doing so.
"Come on dude, I want to get some action too. Get her down here." Frank wasn't ready to stop tasting my cunt, instead of pulling away, he buried his face deeper, fucking me with his tongue.
I couldn't hold back from squirting all over his face. Embarrassed over the amount. He just continued lapping it up, making slurping, grunting and smacking noises.
He finally pulled back, "Oh my god, baby girl, you are going to have to squirt on my face again later. You taste so fucking good."
As he lowered me, Mike came over grabbing me to face towards Frank, then bent me over and began to lick my cunt from behind.
I growled with pleasure. Frank finally pulled his penis out, it hadn't occurred to me until just then, I hadn't seen their dicks up close yet.
Frank's dick was the biggest I had ever seen. How could I have not noticed the size before.
As Mike had me bent over, devouring my pussy with his tongue. Frank grabbed me by the hair, pulling my face to his python.
I began to lick, nip and suck just the head. Teasing it even harder. I took it into my mouth as far as I could handle before gagging.
Holding his shaft with my hand. In unison with my hand, I worked my mouth up and down, forcing it further into my throat with each thrust. He quickly stopped me, telling me he wasn't ready to come yet.
He pulled me away from Mikes mouth. Telling his friend is was his turn to be sucked! He turned me to face Mike, who already has his penis out ready to be sucked.
I was surprised to see that he was even larger than his friend's. He had to be 9 1/2 maybe 10 inches long and so fat.
I was still appreciating his size when Frank quickly rammed full hilt into my wet pussy. I started to scream out, but was silenced with Mike's cock.
Tears dripped from my eyes with pain and pleasure at the same time. They both began pumping in, and out of me. Working a rythem, in and out, in and out of me.
I felt yet another orgasm building in me. I had lost count on how many times I had already cum. All I knew, it was far more than I ever had in my life!
Frank grabbed my fat round ass as he was pumping his dick into me. "Fuck Baby, your tight pussy is making me cum. I can't stop. Where do you want it."
I knew I should have him pull out and come on my ass. I pulled my mouth back from sucking on Mike's cock to answer.
"In my pussy, cum in my pussy please. Bury on that fat dick deep in me baby."
He gripped my ass harder, burying his dick as deep as could and began to squirt his load.
Mike silencing another scream from me with his cock again. "Oh fuck baby, fuck! Best peice of ass I have ever had. I already want more."
He began to finger fuck my ass now. As I slid and slurped up and down Mike's fat cock, he grabbed my hair, holding me in place with his dick deep in my throat. I thought I was going to start gagging.
But he then released his load, and I swallowed gulp after gulp down. He was chanting, Fuck yeah! Fuck yeah! Fuck yeah! As I swallowed his cum and I began squirting again.
Frank quickly began lapping it up, with me squirting all over his face yet again like he had wanted. I continued to orgasm and squirt until my legs gave out from underneath me. My muscles turning into jelly.
Frank caught me and held me in place until he had just a few more laps at my cunt. Then continued to hold me until I was able to hold my weight again.
I had never been fucked better or had cum this much in my life. I was still having aftershocks in my pussy, that sent tremors through me.
I knew I was going to want more. That this wasn't going to be enough for me. I weakly stood straight. Then I introduced myself. "Hey guys, I'm Joleen, it was really nice meeting you."
I smiled to myself when it dawned on me that we had been taking care of our special needs, in the special needs stall. "Would you fellas like to get together again, but someplace with a bed next time?" They both smiled and began looking hungry again.