Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. All persons depicted in sexual acts are at least 18 years of age and consenting adults. This story involves incest. If that's not your thing, then you should stop reading now. Otherwise, enjoy yourself.
I owe a massive debt of gratitude toNeuroparentheticalfor taking my word salad and editing it into a coherent story.
-
I had just gotten home from a long, hard day at work one Friday when my cell phone rang. I recognized the area code. I knew it had to be family.
"Hello," I answered tentatively as I put my lunch cooler on the kitchen counter.
"Ross, it's Brady." The voice on the other end was familiar -- too familiar.
"What do you need?" I asked. Brady is my older brother. My sister, Sara, was the oldest of us Dalton kids. Brady came next four years later, and I was the youngest, two years behind him. It could have been a million years for all that mattered. My brother and I had never really gotten along, and consequentially, didn't really have much of a relationship.
"Do you still live in Dallas?" I heard him ask nervously.
"I'm in Arlington, but close enough. Same place for years now." I opened the fridge and grabbed a beer. If my brother and I were going to have a conversation, I was going to need a drink for sure.
"I need some help," he said, with an eerie calm instead of his normally animated voice.
"What's that?" I asked as I popped the bottlecap off my beverage.
"Kassidy transferred to SMU this year. She just called and said she was in a car accident. She's hysterical. Could you check on her for me?" Brady was definitely worried.
I put the beer down. My dislike of my brother certainly did not extend to his kids. "Of course. Where is she?"
"I'm not sure. I'll send you an address." The line went quiet.
I abandoned my beer and grabbed my truck keys. As I put the key in the ignition, my phone buzzed. Brady had sent me a map pin. The location wasn't far from her campus, but it was still going to take me some time to get there during rush hour.
The last time I had seen her, Kassidy had been a cute, bubbly, freckled-faced kid. She'd probably only been ten or eleven at the time, I really couldn't remember. She'd had the fairest strawberry-blonde hair imaginable and bright green eyes. Unfortunately for me, she'd looked like a miniature copy of her mother.
I didn't spend much time with them, or anyone in my family really. My brother, his wife, and I had had a huge, ugly falling out many years ago. I'd felt like everyone was against me, so when I'd left home after college for a job in Dallas, I'd basically never looked back. I had made the trip home for a couple of holidays before my dad had died, but none after mom had passed. I'd missed most of my nieces and nephews' childhoods.
Almost an hour later, I came upon the intersection. There, I saw two well-mangled vehicles. In an adjacent parking lot, I saw an ambulance and police cruiser. I pulled in and approached the officer.
The cop said Kassidy was pretty shaken up but seemed to be okay otherwise. Luckily, she had managed to come away with little more than a few bumps and bruises. The officer said she was still determining what had happened, noting the other driver had been taken away to the hospital already. She pointed me towards the ambulance, where a strawberry-blonde woman was sitting against the bumper covered in a blanket and being tended to by an EMT.
She looked up at me as I approached, her pupils dilating as her face registered who I was.
"Rooster!" she cried out, shucking the blanket off her shoulders and standing upright.
It was my turn to register some recognition. Kassidy was indeed the spitting image of her mother. Her bright green eyes glistened as she threw herself into my arms. I patted her back awkwardly as her shoulders shook with her sobs.
I nodded at the medic, who picked the blanket off the ground and started to pack up his instruments.
She bawled into my chest. "Rooster, it was terrible. I was so scared."
I'd been called Rooster by family and friends back home since I was a child. It had started as Brady teasing me (no surprise there) for misspelling my name 'Roos' one time in first grade. Eventually, the name had stuck, and I'd learned to live with it.
I consoled my niece for the next few minutes. The officer came over and informed Kassidy she wasn't being cited. The police had pulled footage from a traffic camera showing the other driver running the light and making the left turn at an unsafe speed. Kassidy nodded silently as she talked. I doubted anything the cop was saying really registered with her.
As the officer headed away, I took Kassidy by the arm and led her to my truck. She crawled in and curled up in the passenger seat. I climbed into the other side and started the engine, then looked over at her. She was a pitiful sight.
"Do you want me to take you home?" I asked as I fiddled with the AC controls and the radio volume.
"I... I don't know," she said quietly. Her breathing was ragged and heavy.
"Do you want me to call someone? A Roommate? Boyfriend? Anyone?" I was trying to be helpful. Kassidy just shrugged her shoulders and sighed. I made the executive decision to take her to my house.
I glanced over at Kassidy as we drove. I wasn't trying to check her out or anything, but it struck me yet again as she sat up and leaned her head back just how much she looked like her mother: the reddish-blonde hair; the smooth cheekbones and light freckles; the soft features and swell of her firm breasts.
I had a flashback.
I had met Kate in my sophomore year of high school. I'd had a crush on her from the moment I first saw her. She was amazing. She'd had brilliant green eyes that sparkled as she spoke. She had also been blessed with a radiant smile and the bubbly personality that had made everyone instantly her friend.
She had been very popular and smart. Me? Not so much in either department. We'd been the same height when high school had begun. She had developed and blossomed into a beauty, with womanly curves in all the right places, yet still petite and toned. I had remained scrawny and short, and I'd stayed that way until the middle of my senior year.
I had followed Kate around like a lost puppy. Looking back, it was kind of pathetic, but I had done everything I could to stay in her orbit. To her credit, she had never made fun of me or mocked me, even when her peers had done so in my presence. She'd even chosen to sit beside me in a couple of classes.
I had lived and died for her smile, to see that glimmer of sunshine that she radiated into my life. I'd stood by and watched as she'd dated the athletes and the rich kids -- the upper crust of high school society. Me? I had never dated anyone at all. I had no self-confidence in that department, mainly because of my below average looks and build. I had just stood by and watched Kate from afar, completely smitten with her for years.
Kassidy was quiet for a while on the drive to my place. She broke her silence suddenly, jarring me from my trip down memory lane.
"Where are we going?" Her eyes met mine for the first time.
"My place in Arlington, unless you want to go somewhere else," I said, merging onto I-30.
"No thanks," she said. "My roommate is at her fiancé's place for the weekend. I don't want to be home alone."
"No boyfriend or anyone else to call?"
"I've been single for a couple of months now," she said flatly. "Most of the rest of my friends are probably going out and getting drunk tonight. There are a few big parties on campus this weekend."
"You should call your dad and let him know you're alright," I said.
"I will. How much longer do we have to go? I need to pee." Kassidy sat up straight in the seat and looked around.
I glanced at the mile marker. The exit to my neighborhood was a mile up the road. "Just a couple of minutes. Do I need to stop beforehand?"
"No. That's alright. I'll be good."
Four minutes later, we were standing outside my front door as I unlocked it. I held the door open for Kassidy. She darted in and looked back at me with wide eyes.
I answered her unspoken question. "Down the hall to the left. Second door."
She scooted down the hall. I noticed for the first time the shortness and tightness of the shorts she was wearing. Kassidy's ass was perfectly shaped, rounded and cute. Whether I wanted them to or not, those details, more so than any of the others, brought all those memories back again.
I shook my head, as if my brain was an etch-a-sketch and I could remove the thoughts of Kate and Kassidy from my head. I grabbed the beer I had cracked open earlier. Feeling its warmth, I opened the fridge and reached in to grab a fresh bottle.
As I stood back up, I heard footsteps behind me.
"Do you live alone?" I turned and saw Kassidy. She was looking around -- at the mess, if I'd had to guess.
"Ever since my divorce a few years ago." I grabbed some empty bottles that were sitting around and threw them in the trash.
"Oh. I didn't know you had ever gotten married." Her face was sad.
"We didn't last but a couple years." I held up my beer. "Do you want a drink?"
She gave me a sly smirk. "I'm only twenty, Uncle Rooster."
"That's not what I asked," I said flatly. "Do you want one?"
"Sure." She gave me a weak smile as I handed her a bottle.
I led her to the den, where I plopped down in my recliner. Kassidy sat on the sofa and grabbed her phone. She called Brady and talked to him for a few minutes as I finished off my drink. I looked at the clock and realized it was well past dinner time. I grabbed my phone and ordered some Chinese food. I didn't know what she liked, but I figured if I ordered enough, there was bound to be something she would eat.
I looked up as she finished talking to her dad. I told her I had ordered something to eat. She gave me a sweet smile.
"Thanks, Uncle Rooster. I really appreciate this."
"Glad I can help. You can just call me Rooster. Or Ross. 'Uncle' makes me feel older than I am."
Kassidy grinned.
We chit-chatted for a bit, talking about her classes and my job, doing the kind of catching up you do when you haven't spoken to a loved one in a while. When the food arrived, I spread everything out on the coffee table and got us a second round of beers. I joined her on the sofa to eat.
Kassidy looked out the window into the backyard and noticed the hot tub on the porch.
"Is that a hot tub?" she asked out of the blue. "Nice."
"Yeah," I said, stirring up my rice. "I know they're not as popular anymore, but I still use mine a couple times a week. It does wonders for my back and sore muscles."
"It's too bad I don't have a swimsuit with me," she said. "I could use some relaxing."
"Well..." I drew out the word. "If you really wanted too, I have a solution for that."
Kassidy eyed me suspiciously. "And what would that be?"
"A woman I date from time to time keeps a bikini and a change of clothes in the spare room."
"A woman you date from time to time," she echoed with a questioning grin. "So, not officially a girlfriend? What exactly does that mean?"
"Just what it sounds like." I instantly regretted having mentioned it at all.
Kassidy smirked. "So, this is like a friends-with-benefits thing?"
I hesitated to reply. "Kind of. It's complicated."
"I bet it is. Tell me anyway." Kassidy was clearly enjoying herself at my expense.
"I'm going to need another beer for this," I said, wishing even harder that I had kept my mouth shut in the first place. I brought us each a fresh bottle and sat back down.
"Her name is Claudia," I said while popping the caps off. "I play poker with her husband, Brian, a couple times a month."
"You're sleeping with your friend's wife?" My niece asked, eyes wide with surprise.
"Yeah," I sighed. "But it's not an affair. It was his idea."
"It was what?" The look of shock spread to her entire face. "It was his idea for you to fuck his wife?"
I bristled at her language, still not used to the idea my niece was an adult. I chugged the rest of the beer in my hand. "I played poker at his house one night about a year ago. His wife was flitting around and played hostess for a while. She made drinks and brought out some snacks for everyone. After we all finished playing and cashed out, he pulled me aside and said that his wife thought I was good looking and wanted to hook up with me."
"That's crazy," Kassidy said, draining her bottle.
"I thought so too," I continued. "He told me it was their thing. They both sleep with other people, then go home and tell each other all about it while they screw. They seem to like it, and she's good in bed."
"So, it's like a cuckold type of thing?" Kassidy asked innocently.
"I don't know what you call it. They both get to approve the other's partners. She calls me up, and either comes over here or we meet at a hotel room."
Kassidy had a Cheshire Cat grin on her face. "So, it's just no strings attached sex whenever she wants?"
I shrugged. "Pretty much. They've been married for twenty-five plus years, and apparently, they've been doing this kind of thing for the last twelve or so."
"That's the wildest thing I've ever heard. Does she sleep with other men too?" Her voice was low and curious.
"I don't know," I said. finishing my beer. "I've never really asked,"
"You don't worry about diseases and stuff?"
"We had a text conversation about that before the first time," I confessed. "I got tested; so did she. We used condoms the first couple of times just to be safe. Plus, she can't have kids anymore anyway."
Kassidy laughed. "Wow. I would have never guessed my uncle is such a sexual deviant."
"Hey, you asked," I said, walking to the kitchen for another drink.
"That's true." She went quiet for a moment. "I don't know about wearing her bikini though. I'm afraid of what I might catch."
"It's clean." I shook my head. "I washed it last week after she left."
"That doesn't make me feel any better. I'll pass." She put her bowl on the coffee table.
I sat back down, leaned against the sofa cushion, and patted my stomach.
Kassidy smiled a genuine smile. "I appreciate you taking care of me, Rooster." Her smile reminded me so much of her mom.
"Of course. Whatever you need kiddo. Any time."
"Thanks." She closed her eyes and leaned back as well.
After a few minutes, I busied myself cleaning up and grabbed myself another beer. Kassidy had found the TV remote and was scrolling through my recent shows.
"You watch a lot of wildlife documentaries and titty movies," she said with a chuckle.
"They entertain me," I said with a shrug, slightly embarrassed at the thumbnails my niece was scrolling through.
She settled on some true crime show I had never seen and clicked play. I perused my phone looking for playoff scores when I noticed the time. It was almost midnight. I looked over to offer Kassidy a ride home, even if just to grab a change of clothes or such, only to find her curled up and asleep on the couch.
I turned off the TV and found an extra blanket in my spare room. I silently cursed my bachelor ways. Normal people who have an extra bedroom would turn it into a guest room. Me? I had nothing in there but dusty old furniture and storage tubs.
I lightly draped the blanket over her torso. I couldn't help but smile at her sleeping form. She looked so innocent and cute like that. I paddled off to my room, stripped down and crawled into bed.
I woke up way too early for a Saturday. Without thinking, I wandered naked into the hall, heading for the bathroom. I looked into the den and saw the blanket wadded up on the opposite end of the couch. I slunk back into my room and closed the door. As I hunted for some shorts to put on, I heard the bathroom door open. I eased my door open to see Kassidy's cute little butt heading back into the den. I exhaled loudly, and she spun around on the spot.
"I'm sorry, Rooster," Kassidy said, running her fingers through her fair hair. "Did I wake you up?"
"Oh no. Nature calls." I pointed to the bathroom.
"Me too." She nodded. I went and relieved myself. I stood at the sink and washed my face. Kassidy poked her head around the half-open door.
"I was going to make some coffee. Is that alright?" She batted her pretty eyes at me and smiled.
"Sure thing, kiddo," I said lazily. "Knock yourself out."
"Do you want some?"
I looked up and saw her mother in her face. I would have agreed to anything at that point. "Absolutely," I managed to say.
She vanished again. How was she so damn perky so early in the morning?
Kassidy was sitting in the recliner on her phone when I came down the hall into the den. I passed her heading for the kitchen. The coffeemaker had just finished its duty, so I poured each of us a cup. I didn't have any creamer to offer her. I only drank my coffee black.
"Sorry, no creamer or flavors. I might have some sugar if you want." I handed her one of the mugs that I carried with me.
"This will work for now," she said with a thankful smile.
I sat down and took a long, slow sip.
"I talked to my dad this morning," Kassidy began. "He's already called the insurance people and they're supposed to tow my car later today. Can you take me back there so I can get a couple of things from the trunk? And then maybe take me to the rental place? Dad said the insurance covers a rental until I can figure something else out." She was talking at a rapid-fire pace. Sleepy-brained me almost couldn't keep up.
"Of course." I took a larger sip of my coffee. "I was going to offer to take you home after dinner last night, but when I realized how late it was, you were already asleep."
"Thanks. I think the day hit me all at once and I passed smooth out." Kassidy stood up and stretched, her nubile body begging for attention.
I fought the erection building in my shorts, but I also I couldn't keep my eyes off her firm, perky tits. I hoped she didn't notice. "It's okay I'm sorry there wasn't a bed to offer you."
She laughed. "That's alright. It was not my first night couch-surfing." She gave me a gorgeous, beaming smile. "Can we leave here in a few minutes?"
My niece was cute as hell. "Sure kiddo. Let me go put some real clothes on and I'll take you wherever you need."
I got ready in just a few minutes, then we headed out. As we drove back across the Metroplex, Kassidy asked me the question I'd been hoping to avoid.
"Why do you and Mom and Dad not get along?" she asked innocently. "I asked Mom once and she just told me to forget about it and changed the subject. Dad refuses to talk about it either."
"Kiddo, it was a long time ago," I said slowly. "Before you were born,"
"Yeah, so?" she persisted.
I took a deep breath. "Let's just say we all did and said things that were very hurtful. Your grandmother insisted we pretend to get along. Once she passed away, I... I didn't see the point in pretending anymore."
"What could be so bad?" Her eyes were sad and hurt.
"It's a long story," I said, knowing how lame that sounded. "I don't want you to think less of me, your mom, or your dad."
"Are you intentionally avoiding the subject?" Kassidy was clearly annoyed.
"Yes, I am," I admitted. "Look, I'm not comfortable talking to you about this right now. Let's worry about getting you situated."
"Fine. But I'm not giving up on this." My niece had a determined look on her angelic face.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah," I said, annoyed. Fortunately, we arrived on the scene and her focus went elsewhere.
Kassidy pulled a few things out of her vehicle, and then we picked up her rental car nearby. Once she had keys in her hand, I went to tell her goodbye.
"Well kiddo, looks like you're all set. If you need anything, I'm not far away." I put my arm out for a hug that wasn't coming.
"Oh." Kassidy looked suddenly forlorn.
"Are you okay?" I was concerned at her change in demeanor.
"Well, I had thought I could stay with you tonight," she said quietly.
"I mean, sure, of course." I couldn't imagine her wanting to hang out with me again. "You wouldn't rather sleep in your own bed?"
"Well, yeah," she sighed, "but I'd rather not be alone. And I liked hanging out with you."
I smiled. "You're welcome to come over any time you want, kiddo."
Kassidy grinned at me. "Unless your hook up is there?"
"Claudia normally calls me a day or two ahead of time. So no, there are no plans for tonight."
Kassidy was beaming. "I'm going to swing by my apartment first and drop this stuff off, then I'll be over."
"I'll leave a light on for you."
Kassidy put her arms around my neck and hugged me tightly. I felt her pressing her sexy frame into mine. Once again, I was reminded of Kate. She used to hug the same exact way. The realization both pleased and bothered me at the same time.
I stopped by the grocery store and picked up another case of beer. I had just stowed them in the fridge when Kassidy arrived. She dropped a shoulder bag on the floor by the couch and took a seat. I handed her a bottle and popped one for myself as well.
"Anything you want to do today?" I asked, not used to entertaining someone Kassidy's age.
"No," she said, tapping away on her phone. "I just don't want to sit alone at my place,"
Since it was a Saturday afternoon, I turned on a football game and we sat in silence for a bit.
"Who's playing?" Kassidy asked, looking up from her phone.
"Baylor and Texas Tech," I replied.
"Not SMU?" she asked.
"They're off this week," I said flatly.
"I didn't know that." Her attention was elsewhere. "Who are you rooting for?"
"I have forty bucks on Baylor," I said.
"Hmm. Mark went to Baylor I think," she said, seemingly aloud to herself.
I turned to look at her. "Who is Mark?"
"Julia's fiancé," she said, as if I should already know.
"Julia is the roommate?" I was trying to put the pieces together.
Kassidy nodded, then launched into how she and Julia had met. They'd connected on a roommate matching page sponsored by the school. She showed me some pictures of the two of them hanging out together.
Kassidy wasn't overly tall, probably 5'2 or so, but she towered over Julia, who was a plump, pretty, thick and curvy brunette with absolutely massive tits.
And I mean they weremassive. They looked to be bigger than my head. Despite Julia's youth - she and Kassidy were only a couple of years apart - there was no way those things didn't hang down to her knees.
Apparently, my eyes gave away my thoughts. "Yeah, I know," Kassidy said. "Her tits are huge."
"I can see that," I said, trying not to sound as interested as I was.
"You should see her in a bathing suit," Kassidy mused. "Everyone watches her as she passes by."
"I can imagine." I was picturing that exact thing in my mind.
"Julia likes the attention," she continued. "She always wears revealing clothes that put them on display for the world to see."
I laughed. "Mark's a lucky guy."
"He's a sweetheart. Julia is really lucky to have him."
Kassidy went on to talk about Mark a little. He worked on oil rigs offshore in the gulf. He was a structural engineer. He spent six weeks at a time away from home. He and Julia had been together for almost two years at that point, and were, according to Kassidy, really good for one another.
"When's the wedding?" I asked absentmindedly.
"In a couple of months. Mark's contract runs out at the end of the year, and he's supposed to have an office job out of state somewhere after that."
"Good, good," I said.
"Do... do you think I could try out the hot tub tonight?" Kassidy asked timidly, finishing off her beer.
I laughed a little at her sudden bout of shyness. "Sure. I'll need to crank it up, and it takes some time to get warm. Best to wait until it cools off a little more. We can try tonight after dinner if you like."
"I'd like that." She smiled sweetly. Her green eyes sparkled at me.
Damn, I thought to myself,I could get lost in those eyes.
After the football game was over, we sat and had dinner. Kassidy told me about her recent-ish breakup with a guy named Dylan, his infidelity, and his temper. I talked about my divorce several years ago, and that I was glad my ex-wife and I didn't have kids together.
"Last I heard, she ran off to Tijuana to become an escort," I said jokingly.
"Oh. My. God, really!" Kassidy took the bait. I grinned and shook my head.
"No, she's a waitress somewhere outside of Houston." I laughed a little at her naiveite.
Kassidy giggled and smacked my arm. "That was so mean, Rooster!"
I cleared the table and then went out to turn on the hot tub. I came back in and told Kassidy we would need to wait an hour or so before getting in.
"Fun!" The enthusiasm on her face was palpable.
We watched some TV for a bit, then I excused myself to get ready. I put some beer in a cooler of ice and dragged it outside. I went back in and didn't see Kassidy anywhere. Her bag was no longer sitting beside the front door, so I assumed she had gone to change.
As I headed down the hall, I heard her moving about in the bathroom, I went to my room, put on a pair of swim trunks, and grabbed a couple of beach towels from the spare room.
I was on the back porch setting the timer when Kassidy emerged from the house. She was wearing a thin yellow T-shirt and some loose blue soccer shorts. She looked cute as hell with her hair pulled up.
I stepped in and settled down on one corner seat. I let out a contented sigh as the warm water attacked my back and thigh muscles.
"Come on in, kiddo," I said, gesturing for her to take the opposite corner seat from mine.
I watched as she stepped in, her smooth, tanned leg stretching out tentatively, searching for a stable foothold. I put my hand out and she took it, climbing and settling down in the swirl. I watched as her eyes rolled back in her head and she exhaled deeply while the jets did their thing.
"Oh, this is heavenly," she cooed.
"It's pretty damn close," I said, my eyes affixed to her wet shirt, which had become partially see-through. I knew she had a bathing suit underneath the yellow fabric -- I had seen the strings behind her neck earlier -- but still, I looked right at her tits, silently cursing myself for doing so at the exact same time.
"I might want to do this every night from now on." Kassidy's voice was low and sultry. I imagined she sounded just like that when she was turned on.
I laughed under my breath at her enthusiasm, stretching my arms out and letting the bubbles take my tension away. After a few minutes, I reached for the cooler and grabbed a beer. I nudged Kassidy's leg with my foot and silently offered one to her as well. She took it.
Kass's curiosity got the better of her. "When your Claudia comes over," she asked with a blush, "do you ever have sex in here?"
I took a long sip. "We have. It's fun and all, but not as exciting as it sounds."
"Oh. I would think it would be a lot of fun." Her voice was light and dreamy.
"It's a great way to set the mood and have a little foreplay," I said, feeling my erection grow. "That's for sure."
"Do the two of you come out here naked?" Her cheeks turned red as she blushed at her own question. Damn, she looked cute like that.
"We usually end up that way, but generally we start out clothed." I was getting the feeling she was buzzing a little from the beer and hot water.
Kassidy went quiet for a bit. I finished my beer and set the empty on the ground. I leaned back again to soak when she spoke up.
"So now will you tell me what happened with you and my parents?"
Dammit. I really didn't want to talk about that with her at all. I also got the feeling that she would keep asking. I leaned over and grabbed another beer from the cooler.
"I'm going to need to get a lot drunker before I can tell you about it," I said plainly.
"How bad could it be?" she asked innocently.
I silently cursed her adorable naivete. "Alright. But don't say I didn't warn you."
I took a long slow drink before speaking. "I was a shy, skinny little twerp in high school. No body, no definition, no personality. I met this girl who was perfect. Pretty face; attractive smile; bright, beautiful eyes; firm, perky tits; cute, round ass... basically, the perfect girl in my eyes."
Kassidy nodded.
"I crushed on her for years, hanging around, being the nice guy, talking with her, sitting beside her in class..."
"Basically friend-zoned," Kassidy chimed in.
"That phrase wasn't used back then, but, yeah, exactly that. I was kind of pathetic, really. Over the holidays of my senior year, I started to grow some. I got taller, filled out, my voice changed, that sort of thing."
"Aww, Rooster had a glow-up!" she giggled.
"Sure." I had no idea what that meant. "I wasn't Brad Pitt or anything, but I wasn't the ugly duckling anymore either."
"Aww, Rooster," Kassidy said. "You're not ugly,"
I waved her off and continued. "This girl I had a crush on -- she broke up with a boyfriend right after Valentines Day. She was devastated. I spent the next few weeks consoling her, and not long before Spring Break, I summoned the courage to ask her out."
Kassidy's eyes went wide, drinking from her bottle.
"To my surprise, she said yes."
"Oh wow!" Kassidy leaned forward, her cheeks a little red.
"So, we have this date, and it's great. We talk and laugh at the restaurant, go for a walk in the park and she holds my hand, all that kind of stuff. I'm head over heels, thinking that this might actually be the one."
Kassidy's eyes were locked on mine, fully engaged in the story. "After that, we go out a couple more times. I confessed to her I was still a virgin. She was very understanding and let me take things slow at first. She took the lead when I needed her to, especially when we made out. Everything was perfect. It was the best couple of weeks of my life."
"That sounds nice," Kassidy whispered.
"It was. Then, on the Wednesday of Spring Break, I came home from my part time job a few hours early. I was planning on showering, then surprising her with some flowers."
"How sweet." My niece smiled at me.
"When I got home, her car was already parked at the house. I ran excitedly up the porch and opened the door." I paused to take another long drink, finishing the bottle.
"And?" Kassidy's voice was eager to hear more.
I sighed to myself. I'd arrived at the part I was dreading. I popped another beer.
"I'm not near drunk enough for this," I said, chugging the entire thing.
"Tell me, please," Kassidy pleaded.
"I opened the front door and saw her, naked on our living room couch, fucking my brother."
"Oh no!" She covered her mouth with her hands, eyes full of shock.
"Yeah. Brady was screwingMygirlfriend -- my very first girlfriend. The first time I got to see her naked, she was riding your dad in the living room." I regretted the words I'd chosen almost immediately. Kassidy was frozen silent.
"He couldn't see me, but I could see her.S was fucking him reverse cowgirl style, with her knees splayed open, just everything on full display right in front of me."
Kassidy's hand was still covering her mouth.
"So, she jumps down off of his dick and covers herself up. I ran out of the house. I couldn't hear her calling my name and apologizing. The only thing I heard was Brady laughing at me."
Kassidy finally spoke, dropping her hand down from her face. "That... must have been terrible."
"It was. I didn't go back home for hours."
"Did you ever talk to her again?" she asked quietly.
"Well, I didn't have much of a choice," I sighed. "She kept dating my brother after that."
"No way," my niece said disbelievingly.
"Yep. She sure did. She tried to talk to me about it a few times, but I shut her down every time. Eventually mom and dad told me I was being petty and that I should learn to get over it. But I was a stubborn son of a bitch and swore to them I never would."
"I don't blame you," Kassidy said, leaning forward and listening intently.
"Yeah, well, hold that thought." I popped another bottle open. "I mean, I get it; Brady was three years older than me, and he was the big-time college football stud. He had lots of fame, notoriety, and eventually, money. They ended up staying together for a long while."
"How long?" she asked without thinking.
"Twenty-eight years now." I chugged the bottle in my hand.
Kassidy's eyes went wide when she connected the dots.
"No... You mean..." Her voice trailed off.
"Yeah," I said flatly. "Your dad pretty much stole your mother from me."
"That's... That's unbelievable." Her voice was shaking.
"Believe it, kiddo. I was bitter and I held grudges, Shit, I still hold that grudge to a point. I moved away after college and never looked back."
"I didn't know... Oh my GOD!" she exclaimed, clasping her hand across her mouth again.
"Look, I didn't tell you that for pity, or as a dig at your parents. From all accounts, your dad turned into a stand-up guy, and your mom raised you kids right. It still doesn't mean that it hurt me any less to have to see them together." I took a deep breath." We were young and did stupid things. Your parents moved on and made a life for themselves. I never really moved on. I could never let go of the hate."
Kassidy went silent, her mind clearly frazzled. "Wha... How... Why..." She was just stammering in confusion. The jets stopped. I set another empty bottle down on the porch.
"You good or do you want me to crank it up again?" I asked.
"Could we sit for a little longer?" she asked quietly, her mind still clearly somewhere else.
I reset the timer and the jets fired back up. The look on my niece's face was making me regret my decision to tell her the truth. I felt like an asshole. "Hey kiddo. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have put all this on you."
"No. I... I'm sorry Uncle Ross." It was odd to hear her call me by my actual name.
I opened another drink and took a swig. Kassidy looked at me inquisitively for a few moments before she spoke next.
"I get why you hate them, but why do they hate you?"
I let out a deep sigh. "Like I said, I held a grudge. They got married like a year later. I was home from college -- not by choice, mind you -- and was still being a giant prick to my brother and your mom every chance I had. When the wedding came around, my dad gave my best friend, Walter, a couple hundred bucks to get me drunk and keep me away from the wedding."
Kassidy nodded silently.
"His plan backfired. Walter passed out first, and I decided to crash the party. I was drunk off my ass -- so drunk that it is a miracle that I didn't die on the drive over there. I marched in and stood against the back wall unnoticed for a little bit. Then, the preacher asked if anyone had any objections, and to speak now or forever hold their peace."
"Oh no," Kassidy exclaimed, anticipating the worst.
"Oh yes," I said sadly. "I told my brother that I hoped the two of them had a miserable marriage. I called them both vile names in front of all our family and friends. I cursed them up one direction and down the other with every bit of venom I could put in my voice."
"Your dad tried to charge at me, but a couple of his groomsmen held him back. My dad came after me, and I hauled ass out of there. In my mind, I ran for miles and miles, faster than Superman could fly, until I collapsed from exhaustion."
I took another long drink. "It turned out I ran two whole blocks, tripped over some garden stones, and passed out face first in the dirt. Dad later said that later on, he found me, and instead of kicking my ass, just left me laying there in a pile of mud, piss, and vomit."
Kassidy giggled a little.
"I heard that they restarted the ceremony an hour or so later, after your mom re-did her makeup from all the crying she had done." I dropped another empty bottle on the ground.
We sat in silence for a few minutes.
"Jesus Christ, Rooster." Kassidy finally found her voice. "That's the worst thing I think I've ever heard of. No wonder no one talks about it."
"It was bad. I was out of control. For as wrong as you parents were for what they did to me," I said, "I was just as wrong to harbor the hate for so long and sabotage their wedding."
We sat together in silence after that for a while. Kassidy quietly got out of the tub and went inside. I watched her intently as she did, cursing myself for checking out her body. I finished my beer and turned everything off before going back inside myself.
Kassidy was sitting on the couch, having already changed clothes, when I walked back into the house. "Would you like me to go?" she asked quietly.
"You really shouldn't," I said, "with as much as we've drank today."
"I know, but I don't want you to hate me for asking you about everything." Her voice cracked a little bit.
I was a little taken aback. "Why would I hate you? You didn't even exist back then."
"I mean, you must really hate me." There was real pain in her voice. "I look exactly like my mom did back then. I've seen her pictures."
I paused. "You are as beautiful now as she was back then, that's for sure. But I could never hate you, kiddo."
"I don't want to remind you of her, either." Kassidy looked up at me with those doe eyes.
"You don't. Look, I was fucked up for a very long time because of all that. I did some terrible things and made some horrific decisions. I admit that. The few times I went back to visit, I was genuinely happy to see your brother and you. Me not being around wasn't because I didn't want to spend time with you. It was just foolish pride.
"Okay," she said quietly.
I pulled her to her feet gently. "Now, you go crash in the bedroom. I'll sleep out here tonight."
"I couldn't..." she started.
"Nonsense," I insisted. I would have given you the bed last night if you hadn't already crashed out watching TV."
I went to put my arm around her shoulder when Kassidy turned and hugged me full on. She exhaled loudly. I could tell she was still reeling emotionally from hearing about the past. I relished the feeling of her body against mine more than I should have.
I felt like an asshole again. "I'm sorry, kiddo. You deserved better than that."
She didn't respond, but just squeezed me tighter. I could feel her trembling a little.
"Come on, go get some sleep." I walked her to the bedroom and kissed her forehead.
Kassidy and I talked a little the next morning. She went home after lunch, needing to do some laundry before class on Monday.
I didn't hear from her for a couple of days. I didn't really know what kind of a relationship we would have after all of that, so I was happy when she sent me a text during the week.
- Could I come by tomorrow night? Maybe take a go in the hot tub? -
I replied quickly.
- Sure. I'll make sure it's cleaned and ready -
I smiled to myself and went about my day.
After work on Wednesday, I cranked up the heaters and made sure everything was ready to go. I changed into my trunks and sat around the house waiting for Kassidy to arrive.
She came in wearing the same outfit as she had last time, we'd been in the hot tub: a thin yellow T-shirt, and loose blue shorts. She had on her bikini top again as well. The green strings were visible behind her neck, and the silhouette of its top part was apparent under her shirt.
She gave me a hug and I walked us to the back door. She had a bottle of water with her since she intended to drive home.
We settled in and sat quietly. Kassidy stood up to grab her water bottle. Her shirt was pretty transparent at that point, clinging to her and emphasizing her pert body.
She followed my gaze and looked down at her shirt.
"I guess wearing this in here is pretty silly. It's so see-through." She was blushing a little.
"You wear whatever makes you comfortable, kiddo," I told her.
"I know. It just feels different to be out here in just my bikini than say, at the beach or pool, where there are dozens of other people dressed just like me. I can blend in more. Here, I'm all alone like this."
"I never thought about it like that," I said, nodding along. "If you'd rather, I can put on a shirt too."
"No, you're fine. I was just... you know what, never mind." With a flourish, she pulled the wet shirt over her head and dropped it on the porch. After adjusting her bikini top, which had shifted so much that one triangle had been dangerously close to exposing a nipple, she slunk down in the seat and wiggled about, pulling her shorts off and dropping them over the edge as well.
"There," she said with some confidence.
I raised my beer and tapped her water bottle with it. "To being comfortable."
She giggled and leaned her head back. With the water swirling from the jets, I really couldn't see more than a couple inches below her neck. I was secretly disappointed.
As the timer went off, the water cleared up and we both sort of groaned. I asked if she wanted to sit for longer. She sighed and said she needed to get home.
"Would you mind if I brought Julia with me one of these days?" she asked.
"No problem," I said without hesitation.
Kassidy grinned. "That was a quick response. You just want to see her in a bathing suit."
"That's not what I meant," I said, perhaps too defensively.
Kassidy giggled. "I'm just kidding, Rooster. Her finance has gone offshore again, and we usually hang out together. Maybe Friday night? I'll even cook dinner."
"Sold!" I said, raising my beer. I stood and grabbed a towel, stepping out of the hot tub.
Kassidy hesitated. I got the feeling she was worried about showing me her full bikini. I turned around and put the towel over my head, ostensibly drying my hair. I heard the water slosh about, and when I looked up, she had her towel wrapped around her.
"You good?" I asked.
"Yep." She went inside and into the bathroom to dry off and change. I put my towel around my waist and cleaned up in the kitchen some, giving her time to get in and out before I headed to the bathroom to change as well.
Kassidy came out of the bathroom in a dry set of shorts and blouse. She had a small bag with her wet clothes in it.
"Could I keep these here?" she asked. "Like your hookup does?"
"Sure. Toss them by the washing machine and I'll have them ready for Friday."
She hugged me goodbye and was out the door soon enough.
In my buzzed state, I was cursing myself for noticing Kassidy like I had. I couldn't help myself; she was so cute and sexy. I was drawn to her, much like I had been to her mother.
Friday arrived. I came home and went about the same routine, cleaning the hot tub and getting warmed up so it would be ready when Kassidy and Julia arrived. Since we were eating together first, I put a t-shirt on with my trunks. I had done laundry the night before and had Kassidy's clothes on a shelf in the spare bedroom.
The girls arrived, groceries in hand. I took the bags from them and carried them to the kitchen. Kassidy made the formal introductions. I looked Julia in the eyes and took in her pretty smile as I shook her hand.
Julia's tits were as advertised. She had on a dangerously low-cut top, her bountiful breasts jiggling freely and threatening to spill out.
"He's pretty good," Julia said to Kassidy, smirking. "He didn't once look down at my tits."
My eyes went wide in surprise. I glanced at Kass, who apologized.
"Sorry, Rooster; she's a little crass."
"Nice to meet all of you," I said, drawing a laugh from both women.
Kassidy busied herself in the kitchen. Julia sat in the living room with me, and we made some small talk. She told me about how she'd met Mark, and the strain of him being gone so much. It took a ton of willpower to keep my gaze at eye level.
"I pretty much fuck his brains out for two weeks, then fuck my own brains out for the next six."
I shook my head and heard Kassidy laugh from the kitchen. Julia was definitely a character, with even more personality than tits.
"So, what kind of name is Rooster?" she asked with a wink. "Do you have like a massive cock or something?"
"Julia!" Kassidy exclaimed, clearly embarrassed.
"What? There's got to be a reason."
"That's my uncle. I don't need to hear about his cock." Kassidy shrugged at me.
"It's nothing quite that vulgar," I said, recounting the story for Kassidy's friend.
"Aww, that's kind of adorable," Julia said, patting my arm flirtatiously. "And you still haven't looked down at my tits." I heard Kassidy giggle behind me. "Go ahead and stare. Everyone else does."
Kass's announcement that dinner was ready saved me. We sat around my small table and ate. We joked, told stories, and had quite a nice meal. The girls excused themselves to change. I filled a cooler with beer, then grabbed some wine glasses and the dark bottle Julia had opened during dinner. I headed outside and settled myself in the warm water.
The back door opened, and Kassidy emerged first, wearing the thin T-shirt and shorts over her bikini again. I was silently disappointed, but just shrugged it off. I smiled at her as she approached. She blushed a little at my gaze.
"Sorry, I wasn't sure..." she started to explain. I waved her off.
"Hey, like I said, you wear whatever you're comfortable in."
Kassidy smiled genuinely. She pulled the shirt off, then bent over and started to pull her shorts down with little fanfare. I heard the back door open again.
"Damn girl, look at that ass!" Julia taunted Kassidy, who had her butt pointed at the door and away from me. Kassidy giggled as she climbed in the tub.
I didn't even notice my niece doing so, as Julia had my full attention. She had a red one- piece suit on that reminded me of Baywatch. The difference was that Julia's tits were three times as large as anything I could remember seeing on that show.
"It's about time you looked. I thought I was going to have to whip them out for you to notice." Julia's personality was relentless.
"They're very nice," I said, looking her up and down intentionally.
"That is more like it," she said as she joined Kassidy and I in the warm water. The girls sat side by side across from me. I handed them the wine bottle, and Julia poured their drinks. I popped a beer and we toasted to a good time.
We talked, drank, and laughed through three cycles of the jets. I openly stared at Julia's tits a few times. They were simply unreal.
Finally, we decided it was time to go back in. Julia stood up right away, her tits bouncing wildly under her bathing suit. Kassidy stood slowly, her hard nipples pointing through her bikini top. I looked away once I noticed. Julia smacked Kassidy on the ass as she climbed out.
"Come on, girl. My vibrator is all charged up and waiting for me at home."
"You're not staying?" I looked at Kassidy, a little concerned and disappointed.
"We took an Uber here so neither of us had to drive," she said quickly.
"She told me you'd let us stay the night," Julia piped up, "but a girl's got needs."
I looked at Kassidy blankly.
She just shrugged. "You gotta love her," she said stepping in the back door.
The girls went inside to change. I straightened up on the porch, grabbing the glassware and my empties. I puttered around the kitchen for a bit until Kassidy and Julia came out.
"I left some we things hanging in the bathroom," she said quietly. "Is that alright?"
"No problem," I said full of gusto. "I'll wash them up and they'll be ready next time you want to come over."
"Aw, how sweet," Julia said. "Good looking and a nice guy. It's too bad I'm engaged." She gave me a playful wink.
Kassidy hugged me as the two of them headed to the door. I kissed the top of her head before she let go. Julia put her arms out wide.
"Come here, Rooster." She flung herself into me. Her massive breasts pressed themselves into me warmly. I patted her back somewhat uncomfortably. Kassidy was grinning at my partial discomfort.
"See you next time!" Julia said with a wave. Their ride arrived and they left shortly afterwards.
Despite the fact that Julia hadn't been the least bit unpleasant during our get-together, I almost felt sorry for her fiancé. Mark. She was definitely a lot to handle
Kassidy and Julia came by a few more times over the next couple of weeks. Sometimes we had dinner together; sometimes they came over just to hang out in the hot tub. They continued the habit of getting a ride over so they both could drink. I started stocking some of their favorite Moscato at the house.
I got a text from Claudia on a Thursday morning. She wanted to hook up that weekend. I hadn't seen her in a while, so I was pretty eager. Without hesitation, I invited her over for that Saturday night.
Later that day, Kassidy called me and wanted to come by on Saturday night. I hated to disappoint her.
"Hey kiddo, I love having you all over, but I have other plans this weekend."
"Oh. OK. I'm sorry." She sounded a little hurt.
"Please don't be mad," I pleaded. "I have kind of a date."
"Ohhh, hooking up with Claudia again?"
"Yeah," I confessed.
"Well, I don't want to stand in the way of you getting laid," she said with a laugh.
"Gee thanks. Maybe Sunday instead?" I offered.
"If you think she'll be gone by then." She was enjoying teasing me.
"She never stays the night. See you on Sunday, kiddo."
Claudia came over right on time that night. Each experience with her was different. Sometimes she wanted to be wined & dined, but sometimes she would strip naked and fuck me aggressively the moment she was in the door. Some nights could mean multiple orgasms each, and others she was out the door as soon as she had gotten off once.
She came into the house and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I offered her a beer, but she declined.
"What are you in the mood for?" I asked.
Claudia started to unbutton her blouse. "It was a shitty week at work. I think I want to watch some lesbian porn and have you lick my cunt for a while."
She removed her blouse and unzipped her skirt. I took off my shirt and Claudia pulled out her phone. She grabbed the TV remote and soon had her phone mirrored to my TV. She kissed me, her tongue firm and probing my mouth.
I pulled off her bra and freed her tits. Claudia pinched her hard, pink nipples as she laid down on the couch facing the TV, where I could see four young, naked blonde girls stripping each other's clothes off wantonly.
I slid down her body, putting my face at her waist and tugging her panties down her sexy thighs. I saw her mound emerge from underneath the silk, glistening and begging me to kiss it, so I did.
I placed light butterfly kisses all along her neatly trimmed mons, each one closer and closer to her swollen little bud. Then, I skipped ahead and lowered myself to plant my lips directly over her clitoris. She bolted upright and let out a loud "Ooooh!"
"Shhh," I whispered. "Just lay back and enjoy." I used one hand to gently press her torso back onto the couch. She moaned in time with one of the girls on the screen, who had two pink tongues lapping at her clit.
"God that is so hot," Claudia moaned.
I started to lick up and down her slit, tasting her pussy juices and savoring them, using my thumbs to manipulate her smooth lips, spreading them wider to expose her swollen clit even more. She moaned low and shivered. I licked all around it, going agonizingly slow.
She cried out, "Please!" shortly thereafter, and I began to lick and suck her clit earnestly. I eased a finger inside her pussy as I did, fucking her softly with it before adding a second to begin to beckon her to come hither. I looked up and caught her eye. She was staring down at me, face contorted in ecstasy, furiously rubbing her one nipple while biting her lip. Sexy little moans and noises were escaping from her mouth.
Her hips began to gyrate. She was wet -- so very wet. I had her pussy essence all over my mouth and chin. It was dripping down onto the cushions. Suddenly, she grabbed my hair and shoved my face into her pussy hard. I felt her clamp her thighs around my head. She started to shake, then her entire body tensed up, every muscle contracting at the same time. For ten, eleven, twelve intense seconds she squealed and quivered, her pussy convulsing on my face, coating it with more and more fluids as I continued to steadily suckle her clit.
Claudia exhaled sharply. She pulled my face to hers and kissed me, licking the wetness from around my mouth. On the TV, the camera was showing a close up of one girl riding the face of another. Claudia moaned, rubbing her clit and telling me how turned on the scene she was watching was making her.
"Lay down," she ordered. I happily complied. She pressed my chest down with her hands and swung her hips around to lower her wet little snatch to my face. I thrust my tongue up to meet it halfway and she moaned out loud on contact.
I licked and sucked on her lips softly as she adjusted her position, then went in search of her clit again with my tongue. One more wiggle from Claudia brought me in contact with it, and she groaned loudly.
I licked and flicked at her clitoris for all I was worth. I felt her lightly stroking my cock over my pants with her hand. I reached and grabbed her ass cheeks as l ate her amazing pussy. She did her part as well, riding my tongue and humping my face eagerly. I felt her seize up and shudder again, and a warm flow of liquid ran into my mouth and down my neck.
Claudia regained her faculties quickly, laying back on the couch and watching the blonde girls eat each other out. I knelt below her on the floor, pulling her pussy towards my hungry mouth. I lapped and kissed her lips and suckled on her clitoris. She was pulling her nipples and moaning my name over and over. I worked a finger in to her pussy to fuck her with while I sucked her clit.
Suddenly, she snapped her thighs shut around my head and came hard and fast yet again. She sat upright and squealed loudly. She fell back again, panting, her tits swaying with each breath.
I stood and looked down at her, the glistening of her wetness all over her swollen pussy lips. My cock was rock hard, and I freed him by dropping my pants. Claudia sat up and began to jerk my cock slowly. I relished the feeling of it hardening in her soft hand. I let out an involuntary moan.
Claudia continued stroking my shaft with hands. My cock was throbbing at that point. Without hesitating, she took my hands and placed them on the back of her head. Claudia wrapped her crimson lips around the head of my cock and swirled her tongue over it. I had just begun to enjoy that sensation when she was sucking me fully into her wet, warm mouth. I watched as, inch by inch, my dick slid between her juicy lips.
As she reached the base of my cock, she became much more aggressive, taking my entire length inside her mouth at once, choking and gagging herself on me. I pressed my hands on the back of her head, holding my shaft in her mouth. She made a grunting, groaning, gagging noise. I released my hold immediately. She pulled back off me, panting and looking up at me.
"I like it like that," she said aggressively. "Do it again."
I did what the lady wanted. I pressed my cock into her mouth harder and held it for a moment, feeling her gag reflex make her mouth spasm around my cock. I pumped myself in and out of her willing face over and over, thrusting harder and harder with each stroke. She responded to each thrust with groans of what I hoped was pleasure, with her eyes watering. In either case, she did not stop me or try to pull away.
I felt my dick throbbing like crazy, and knew it wouldn't be too long before I needed to cum. She seemed to sense it, and pulled back, gasping for air, trying to talk between breaths as tears ran down her face and smeared her eye makeup.
"Cum straight down my throat. Force my head down on your cock and hold me there while you cum."
I couldn't believe what she was saying, but I didn't argue. I kept fucking her sexy face, pounding away with my hard shaft into her throat, making her gag and moan in what I assumed was ecstasy. I felt my balls tighten, and then, I tensed up. I was cumming.
As instructed, I pushed the back of her head forward on my cock as hard as I dared as the first three bursts shot down her throat. She choked and pulled herself off, gasping desperately for air again. I put several more bursts of my load on her face and in her open mouth as she tried to breathe. She swallowed what she could. The rest ran out of her mouth and onto her cleavage. The final couple of arcs of my cum hit her on the chin and neck.
"How was that?" she asked, her breasts heaving as she fought to breathe normally.
"Amazing. You went a little wild on me." I laughed.
Claudia leaned back on the couch and resumed watching the girls lick one another. I sat beside her, and she propped her head onto my thigh. We watched silently as the girls on the screen ran tongues across pussies in every conceivable position.
Claudia had her hand between her legs. I had been lazily toying with her nipples. while we watched the girl-on-girl action on TV. She suddenly started fucking herself very hard and fast, pumping fingers inside her pussy and rubbing her clit at the same time. I kept playing with her nipples, letting her cum again a few seconds later.
My dick was hard again, so I sat back and stroked it. I focused on the screen and got myself off a second time. My orgasm wasn't nearly as powerful, splattering on my chest and stomach with just a couple of bursts.
Claudia licked her fingers and looked up at me. "That was so much fun."
I agreed. "It was different, but still fun. I never thought you would be so into watching girls eat pussy."
"The idea came to me earlier today out of the blue. It was really fucking hot to watch, especially while you were making me cum so many times. I liked it a lot."
"I did my best," I said with a grin.
"Well, I need to get going. Brian will be home soon. I can't wait to tell him about tonight." She kissed my cheek.
Claudia stood and walked to the bathroom to clean my cum off her face. She was dressed and gone not long afterwards.
***
Kassidy was carrying a bag with her when she and Julia arrived the next night, which was odd, but I didn't have much of a chance to wonder about it.
"So did you get some pussy last night?" Julia asked the moment they walked in the front door.
Why I expected otherwise, I don't know. I tried not to blush. "We... had a good time."
The girls went to change, and I headed outside. I settled in the hot tub and was opening my first beer when Julia walked out. She had opted for a black bikini that day, meaning her huge tits hung in front her, barely covered. She winked at my gaze and did a little spin, showing me her full, round ass being split in two by the tight material.
I didn't have much time to process that visual before Kassidy stepped through the door. She was wearing a new bikini -- a pastel purple numberr -- that was much, much more revealing than the one she normally had on. Her perky, round tits stood out proudly from her chest, nipples covered by tiny triangles of material. The curves on her hips were only spoiled by the thin strings tying her bottoms together. It was form-fitting and small. I felt my dick twitching in my trunks.
"I told you he'd like it," Julia piped up. Kassidy was blushing.
I felt compelled to speak up. "You both look amazing."
Kassidy sat beside Julia, and they poured some wine. The girls had leaned back, and the water level was obscuring all but the beginnings of the slopes of their breasts. I closed my eyes and zoned out a little as the girls chatted about school and wedding stuff.
Kassidy mentioned she needed to start looking for a new place to live. Their lease was up right before Julia's wedding. Julia was just going to move in with Mark a few weeks early, but Kassidy still needed to find something, hopefully close to campus in Dallas. They went back and forth a few times on locations and possible new roommates.
"Too bad Rooster doesn't need a roommate," Julia said. "The two of you could find a place together somewhere."
I responded without really thinking. "I'm most of the way to paying off this mortgage, and its close enough to where I work, so I'm not planning on going anywhere." I noticed Kassidy's smile fade. "... But I could always clean out that spare bedroom if you needed somewhere to stay."
"I don't know," Kassidy said reluctantly. "That's a long drive to make every day." The conversation stayed on where Kassidy was going to live. I made some suggestions, but nothing was really decided.
I watched Kassidy step out of the tub at the end of the night, admiring the exposed parts of her cute little ass cheeks. Julia smirked at me, then spanked Kassidy on the butt, making her flesh ripple.
A few weeks later, Mark was back in town, so Julia stopped coming with Kassidy. The hot tub sessions were a bit tamer and quieter with just the two of us.
She kept the purple bikini at my place from then on. I made sure to get in first so she couldn't see my reaction to her body. My niece was sexy, and my dick certainly appreciated the view.
A week later, she grabbed my arm before dinner and looked up at me with her green eyes full of worry. "Rooster, do you think I could stay with you for a while?" Her voice was timid and uncertain.
"Sure kiddo," I said without hesitation. "Whatever you need." I gave her a big hug. She leaned into me, and I felt her body relax.
Kassidy hadn't been able to find a roommate to take over Julia's half of the expenses. She couldn't find something else she liked in her price range, either. She was getting pretty anxious about the whole situation. She had another month left, but didn't want to wait until the last minute.
I told her the spare room was hers; I got to work moving all the stuff out and into my garage whenever I had some free time We decided to meet up at her place that weekend and move her things out. Julia was planning to move her stuff to Mark's place anyway soon enough.
Other than a couple of dressers and a bedframe, there wasn't much of Kassidy's that required a lot of effort to move. The appliances belonged to the apartment complex and Julia was selling the living room furniture before the wedding. The buyers would be coming for them in a few weeks.
Kassidy didn't love the idea of driving so far to school every day. There were schools closer to my place, but they didn't offer the program she had come to Dallas for. She told me she was going to try to do more online learning, if possible, to limit her trips across the Metroplex.
With Kassidy finally moved in, we started using the hot tub more often. Julia joined us regularly once Mark was back offshore, and on those nights, she slept over in Kassidy's room.
In the early morning hours of one such night -- about two weeks after Kassidy moved in, if I recall correctly -- I got up to pee, which I often needed to after so much beer. I walked quietly down the dark hallway to the bathroom. I reached for the doorknob when the door flung open, and Julia stepped out, wearing only some red panties and a broad smile.
I couldn't help myself. I stared at her exposed boobs. Her areola were quite large, as you'd expect, and her nipples were flaccid, yet still stood out nearly a half inch from her bosom.
"Hello there," she said, bemused. A jolt of awareness ran through me, and I turned away to look at the wall.
"I'm so sorry," I sputtered.
Julia took it in stride. "No big deal," she said, shimmying her shoulders and causing her tits to sway back and forth. "It was bound to happen eventually Go ahead, get you a nice feel of them so you have something to jerk off to later."
It took a few moments to process what she had said.
Julia took my hands in hers and put them right on her breasts, palms covering her nipples. I squeezed them out of instinct. I was nearly overwhelmed by the feel and size of them. The flesh bubbled between my fingers -- it was so soft and tender. My instincts took over, and I felt her up with gusto.
The moment didn't last long. All too soon, Julia stepped aside, and my hands fell to my sides. "Good night, Rooster," she said quietly, leaving me standing in the hall, slack-jawed and fully erect.
I remembered that I needed to piss and struggled to do so with the erection I had from seeing and feeling up Julia's tits. I sighed and jacked off there in the bathroom, reliving the encounter from the hallway. It didn't take long for me to cum into the sink. Afterwards, once I'd caught my breath, I was able to empty my bladder before heading back to bed.
The next week, Julia came over on Tuesday. The night started as just another hot tub night, with the three of us going through the same old routine. I was settled in the swirling water first. Kassidy joined me shortly afterwards in her tiny purple bikini. I would never tire seeing her in that.
The Julia came out in her black bikini bottoms, but no top. Her ample breasts swung freely as she walked, and she wore a proud and defiant look on her face. My eyes popped out as I looked at her dark pink nipples.
"Julia! What are you doing?" Kassidy exclaimed.
Julia smirked at her. "I couldn't get the knot out of the strings, so I decided, 'Fuck it, everyone here has seen my tits already.' So what's the big deal?"
Kassidy's head snapped to face mine and she stared right into my eyes. I blushed and looked down. "I ran into her in the hallway last time she was here. It was an accident, honest." I was stuttering more than I ever had.
Julia laughed. "Girl, I told you about that already." She gave her tits a shake as she stepped into the tub.
"I... didn't think you were serious," Kassidy stammered.
"It happened," Julia said, leaning her head back in her seat. "Who cares?" The swirling water blocked her majestic mammaries from my sight.
"Besides, she said playfully, "with as small as your top is, you might as well not be wearing anything either." She grabbed at the strings behind Kassidy's neck. My niece shrieked and held one arm across her boobs while feebly fending off Julia's attack with the other.
"Stop it!" Kassidy protested with a squeal. "I don't want to flash my uncle."
Julia cackled. "He won't care, I guarantee."
I was silent, knowing anything I contributed to the discussion would be open to misinterpretation. Julia finally relented, and Kassidy adjusted her top to cover herself properly. I tried not to stare but was sure I failed. Julia's mischievous smile made me sure that she wasn't finished teasing us both.
The girls went off into a discussion about the wedding, which was fast approaching. I chugged a beer while they sipped their wine. I think they were talking about dress alterations and floral arrangements when, suddenly and out of the blue, Julia snatched the tie from behind Kassidy's neck and untied it in one swift motion. She cackled as Kassidy squealed.
Her top fell forward, and I saw a hard, pink nipple appear from out under the purple triangle. Kassidy yelled, but Julia kept tugging on the strings, forcing Kassidy to adjust her hold on her bikini, exposing the other nipple in short order. Kassidy cried out in complaint, hints of both excitement and embarrassment in her voice.
"Julia stop!" she screamed. "I'm going to end up naked!"
"You know you like it." Julia tickled her ribs, and Kassidy thrashed about. Julia took the chance to pull the strings on the back of the bikini, and Kassidy's top became basically undone.
Kassidy buried her face in her hands, trying to hold her suit up with her arms. Her struggle was futile.
I finally snapped out of my stunned trance. "Hey, Julia, leave her alone," I said sternly.
"Fine." Julia stopped attacking Kassidy.
Kassidy struggled with her bikini, flashing her nipples a number of times before she got everything re-tied and situated.
"That was so mean," she said, smacking Julia's huge, fleshy tit.
"You know you liked it. If it was just you and me here alone, we'd both be topless."
Kassidy blushed even deeper, but with a smile. A part me felt a little bad for her. The rest of me was thinking about them walking around the house naked together.
"That's not the point," Kassidy snipped. "You made me flash my tits in front of Rooster."
"He's seen plenty of tits before, I'm sure," Julia said, looking right at me for confirmation.
"I've seen my fair share," I said curtly, deciding the best way to deal with Julia was to not display any weakness. "Kassidy, are you okay?"
"Yeah, I'm just embarrassed," she said, taking a big sip from her wine glass.
"You've got nothing to be embarrassed about." I sighed. "Sorry. That didn't come out quite right."
"See?" Julia teased. "Seeing your titties got him all flustered."
Kassidy looked me right in the eyes. "It's OK, Rooster. It wasn't your fault." She smiled at me, her eyes sparkling and lighting up.
Julia teased her again, and Kassidy responded without a word, pulling her bikini top off and tossing it over the side.
"Happy now?" she asked her roommate defiantly.
Julia laughed. "Maybe we should ask Rooster that."
I admit, my cock had twitched as I'd seen Kassidy taking her top of. Her tits were round and perky enough that they stood out from her chest impressively, but not so big that they sagged at all. Her pink nipples were hard and pointed -- and pointed, seemingly, right at me.
I looked her in the eyes and gave her a smile and a nod. "Me? No complaints, not with two topless young babes in the hot tub with me."
Kassidy sat up a little bit after that, letting her nipples show above the water line, seemingly enjoying the attention. Julia did mention them a few more times, but it appeared that my theory had been correct. She loved making people squirm. If they stopped squirming, she calmed down. What surprised me more was the change in Kassidy's attitude. I perved on her tits quite a bit after that, and she didn't seem to mind at all.
We wrapped up the night shortly after, and everyone climbed out. The girls' boobs all swayed and jiggled freely as they dried themselves off. My dick was hard.
Julia made sure to point it out to Kass. "Someone certainly enjoyed the views tonight." She cackled, Kassidy blushed a little and giggled. I just dried off and shrugged, not wanting to acknowledge how hard I was.
The girls went inside first, and within an hour, we were all asleep. My dreams were filled with young breasts and hard nipples.
Claudia called and asked if we could hook up before the weekend. I agreed but informed her that my place wouldn't really be an option, since I had a new roommate. I gave her a quick summary of the situation. We arranged to meet at a hotel.
She met me in the lobby and jammed her hand in my pants as soon as we were in the elevator. She nibbled on my earlobe and kissed my neck until the doors slid open on our floor.
Claudia pushed the room door open and pulled me inside. She dropped to her knees immediately, her hungry eyes looking up and me. "Fuck my face again. That was so hot last time."
"Take it out if you want it," I told her.
Claudia undid my slacks and pulled them and my boxers to the ground. She took my cock into her mouth and began to stroke it using her lips, all the way from the base to the top, back and forth, getting faster and faster with every pass. I put my hands in her chestnut hair and guided her. She began to let out wet little grunts, and I could feel her trying to open her throat further. I shoved my cock into her hard and held her there for a second before pulling out.
"Yes, baby," Claudia moaned as she gasped for air. Tears were beginning to run down her cheeks. I forced my dick back inside her mouth and fucked her face as roughly as I dared, pausing every so often to let her breathe. She would groan disappointedly each time my cock was out in the open. Her hands squeezed my ass cheeks as she let me use her.
Finally, she pulled away and pulled her dress up over her head. She led me by the dick over to the bed, where she got on all fours and looked back at me wantonly.
"I need you inside my cunt now. Fuck me so hard the neighbors complain."
I mounted her, feeling how wet she'd become just from getting her face impaled. I grabbed her hips, then smacked her round ass cheeks repeatedly, making her squirm. I didn't bother with any slow strokes in and out; I just started railing her with everything I had.
Claudia was moaning and screaming out obscenities at an alarming volume. The only other sounds were the slaps of her ass cheeks against my hips. She implored me to keep giving it to her hard, and I did my best to comply.
"Cum in me!" Claudia screamed out. "Fill my cunt with your load!" I fucked her hard until I came, lurching forward and holding onto her ass for leverage. Each burst of cum seemingly drew me deeper into her pussy.
Claudia fell forward on the bed, and I collapsed beside her. We both panted and sucked in air for several minutes. Claudia leaned back and kissed me.
"I think we need a shower," she said slowly. "I'm going to make you to cum again, this time all over my face."
I wasn't about to disagree. She led me to the bathroom, and for the next several minutes, we showered normally -- well, as normally as you can with another naked body in the stall with you. I soaped up her tits and ass repeatedly, and she lathered and stroked my dick until it was hard again.
Claudia dropped to her knees and licked the head of my cock lovingly. She made out with it slowly, kissing the tip and easing it in and out of her mouth. She leaned her head down and licked my nuts, gliding her hand up and down my shaft.
Suddenly, she got down to business. She sucked my cock hungrily and relentlessly, caressing my balls and pumping my cock repeatedly. She would stop occasionally to tell me she wanted me to coat her face with jizz -- to spray cum all over her and let it drip down onto her tits.
Her dirty talk helped, and within short order, I came again. Arcs of my seed splashed on her cheek. She fell back on her haunches, moaning and rubbing the cum into her face, licking some from her fingers, and just generally making a filthy show of herself.
"That's the good stuff there," she sighed. I leaned against the glass wall, trying to remain upright.
"Do you want me to get you off?" I asked once I gathered my voice. "I'll gladly eat you out."
"No. Today was about making you cum. I came so many times last week I figured I owed you some."
"Whatever you want, babe," I said, stepping out of the shower and sitting on the toilet seat to recuperate. When she got out, Claudia stood in front of me and let me suck and play with her tits for a couple of minutes. She smiled and went to get dressed. I followed suit a few minutes later and left the hotel very satisfied.
Friday night, we were back in the hot tub. I was secretly disappointed when Kassidy came out in her full bikini. I sat back and closed my eyes as she climbed in.
"Did you have a good night last night?" she asked.
"I did." I didn't feel comfortable saying much more than that to my niece.
"I'm sorry if I'm an imposition to your hook ups. I could have gone somewhere last night and given you two some privacy."
"No, it was fine. Claudia understood. It didn't change any plans, just the location."
"I see," Kassidy said quietly. She had a thoughtful look on her face, then just blurted out. "What all did you two do?"
"We... we had sex," I said reluctantly.
"I know that," she said, "but like, what exactly did you do?"
"I'm not so sure about giving you details," I said slowly. "That's a little awkward."
"No more awkward than me showing you my boobs," Kassidy retorted with a grin.
"Maybe, but I had no part in that."
"You didn't look away." Damn her logic.
"OK, guilty on that count," I admitted. "I couldn't really help myself, there. There were two sets of naked tits in front of me."
"Even though one of those sets of tits belongs to your niece?" Kassidy teased.
"Well..." I drew out the word. "That wouldn't stop me from looking, but it would stop me from making any other advances."
"Oh," she said, with a playful glimmer in her eye. "So, if I wanted to sit here topless, you'd be good with that?"
I paused, making sure to choose my words carefully. "I told you when you started coming over that you should wear what you're comfortable in. That rule hasn't changed."
Kassidy smiled sweetly. Then, keeping her eyes locked on mine, she deftly untied her bikini top and let it fall into the water. I openly stared at her breasts again, so perky, firm, and full looking. She had great nipples that begged to be sucked on and nibbled on.
"Now will you tell me what you did last night?"
I felt obligated at that point. What can I say? Naked boobs can make me do things I normally wouldn't do.
"We met at the Hilton down the road. She was waiting for me in the lobby. We made out in the elevator. The moment I opened the door, she pulled me in and pushed me against the wall. She got on her knees and pulled my pants down, then gave me a blow job."
"That's it?" Kassidy almost sounded disappointed.
"Oh, no," I said with a smile. "When that was done, we went to the bed, she got on her hands and knees, and we went at it hard and fast."
"Nice," Kassidy said quietly, her boobs moving up and down with each deep breath. I wondered if she was as turned on as I was.
"Then we had some fun in the shower before we left," I said. There was a minute of heavy silence between us.
Kassidy took a drink of wine and then promptly changed the subject. We sat for another five minutes or so, and then it was time to head back inside.
Kassidy came out from the bathroom in some shorts, but still topless. My eyes registered my surprise.
She grinned. "Julia wasn't lying the other night; she and I went topless around the apartment all the time. It just became a normal thing, and I got comfortable not wearing a shirt."
"No arguments form me," I said. "I promise to behave."
"It might be awkward at first, but you'll get used to it, I promise." She glanced down at my shorts and winked at me as she went into the kitchen. "After a while, seeing them won't even get you hard." She poured herself a glass of juice, seeming quite satisfied with herself.
"I seriously doubt that," I said, my eyes helplessly locked on her nipples as she walked past. "You're a gorgeous young woman, and I'm a dirty old man."
Kassidy laughed. "Good night, Rooster," she said, taking her drink to her room.
After that day, Kassidy began to go topless around the house more and more often. Her nipples would be exposed mainly in the evenings after dinner. After we got home and ate, she would go back to her room and put on her pajama shorts, then join me in the living room to watch TV for a while before we went off to bed. If it was going to be a hot tub night, she'd put on the bikini bottoms, but nothing else.
Either way, her perky, perfect tits remained free for my eyes to feast upon. Her pink nipples were seemingly always hard, mirroring how my cock was behaving. Kassidy didn't seem to mind when I looked and would often chide me playfully about it if she caught me. She might shimmy her shoulders and make her tits dance in order to draw a blush from me. It was delightfully naughty.
I had yet another date with Claudia a couple of weeks later. I needed to release some pent-up frustration for sure. We met at another hotel. She arrived wearing a schoolgirl outfit: a white button-up shirt and short plaid skirt. She put some matching schoolgirl porn on the TV and rode my cock and my face for the next hour and a half.
Of course, I spent the next night in the hot tub with my topless niece, telling her about the encounter. I was hard and subtly touching myself the entire time.
"She pushed me onto the bed and crawled on top of me. She pulled down my slacks and started to..." I trailed off, uncertain of what words were appropriate.
"Suck your dick?" Kassidy asked eagerly. Hearing my niece say those dirty words definitely turned me on.
"She did. She is really good and knows how I like it. Before I was done, she stood up, pulled off her panties, and then straddled my face."
Kassidy's eyes were wide open as I continued. I stared into hers as I recounted more of my exploits. "She still had her skirt on, and I used it to hold on to her. I licked her and used my tongue on her pussy until she came."
Kassidy's face took on a sultry look. "I bet she liked that." Her legs bumped mine under the water. "Oops. Sorry. I was just getting a little more comfortable."
"It's alright." My mind immediately assumed she had spread her legs open to touch herself. The swirl of the warm water obscured my view, but the lustful look on her face made me certain. I was stroking my dick over my trunks.
"Keep going. What else did you do to her?" Kassidy blushed the second the words left her mouth.
"After that, she climbed on top and slid me inside of her. She braced her hands on my chest and rode me hard. I ripped her shirt open and licked and kissed her big breasts." I saw Kassidy tweak her nipple during the story. I don't know if she even realized she had done it, or that her bare boobs had been above the water line at the time. She'd leaned forward while I'd been talking.
"That sounds so good," she said softly.
"It was great," I confirmed. "Once she finished, we laid in bed and watched the porno for a little while. I got hard again. She jerked me off and I rubbed her pussy until we both came one last time."
I had my hand in my trunks, giving my throbbing dick some serious attention. Kassidy leaned back in the tub and closed her eyes. I watched her chest go up and down dramatically as she breathed deeply. I didn't know if she was masturbating, but it turned me on so much to think that she might be.
The jets stopped and the water went clear. We both sat up with a groan. As Kassidy started to climb out, she caught me staring at her shapely ass, the purple bikini bottoms clinging to her cheeks, A knowing smirk came over her face, and her eyes danced. She stopped, one leg in and one leg out, and lingered, wiggling her hips gently, swaying back and forth sensually, constantly watching my reaction. I nodded slowly, enjoying her little tease.
Kassidy smiled at me and stepped out of the tub. I watched as she slowly wrapped a towel around her waist. "Good night, Rooster," she said playfully before she walked into the house.
I sat alone for a minute, trying to will my hard cock into going down. I gave up, finished off my beer, and went inside for the night, hard dick pointing the way to my room.
The next night after dinner, neither of us spoke much. The uncomfortable tension between us was thick in the air. Kassidy's nipples stayed hard the entire night until she went to bed.
The next week, Julia and Mark's wedding was upon us. Kassidy was naturally part of the bridal party and was picked up by a limo full of women the night before for the bachelorette celebration. I put on my best suit and drove to the venue.
My eyes locked onto Kassidy the moment I saw her. The dress she wore left little to the imagination. It had a low-cut neckline, putting an ample amount of cleavage on display. The waist and hips were form-fitting, showing off all of her womanly curves. Even though I had seen her nearly naked a number of times by then, she had never looked better. Unfortunately, I was once again reminded how much she looked like her mother had once upon a time.
I walked up and she reached out to hug me. "You look beautiful," I told her quietly. Taking my arm, she walked me around the room and introduced me to a handful of people, including the groom.
Kassidy kissed me on the cheek before disappearing into the bridal party room to help tend to Julia. I found a seat and watched the ceremony. Julia looked great in her gown. I was a little surprised how much of her giant tits were covered up by it. I had half expected to see the typical miles of cleavage she normally showed.
Vows were exchanged and "I Do's were said. Then we were off to the reception hall. I was milling about with a glass of champagne when Kassidy appeared on my arm.
"Hey there," she said. "The band is setting up. Will you dance with me?"
"Absolutely. I would never pass up the chance to dance with the prettiest girl in the room." Kassidy beamed at the comment.
As if on cue, the music started up. We watched the bride and groom have their first dance together. After that, Kassidy pulled me on to the dance floor. I put one arm around her waist, clasped her hand in mine, and led her across the floor.
"You dance really well," she said, a hint of surprise in her voice.
"You can thank your grandmother for that," I replied with a smile. "She insisted your dad, Aunt Sara and I all learned how to dance. It has come in handy over the years."
Kassidy smiled. "She bugged Mom to make William and I take ballroom lessons too."
Other than a short break or two, my arms never left Kassidy the rest of the night. Several times we spun through a song without saying a word, eyes locked in on one another. Kasidy's smile never waned. Her green eyes bore right through me. The tension between us was mounting. I could feel it, Hell, I could nearly hear it buzzing about. I had to stop myself from leaning in and kissing her a couple of times.
Julia and Mark walked over and joined us during a break in the music. "You two look so natural out there together," Julia told us. "The whole room has been watching you. No one believes you're her uncle."
Kassidy's eyes and mine locked together, wide with wonder. Julia sent Mark to get something to drink for her. "You two should just fuck and get it over with," she said with a mischievous grin. "You look so damn hot together. I'm wet from just watching you. I'm surprised you weren't feeling each other up out on the dance floor."
I saw Kassidy's eyes register her complete shock. I felt mine do the same. Before either of us recovered, Mark arrived with Julia's drink. She kissed her husband and winked at Kassidy before they took off back into the crowd.
"Well, that was awkward," I said out loud. Kassidy giggled and took my hand, pulling me back onto the dance floor.
Once again, we were lost in our own little world. All that seemed to exist was the music and her body pressed into mine, our arms around each other in a dignified, yet very intimate fashion. As we finished the last dance of the night, Kassidy leaned up and pressed her luscious lips to mine, lingering just a moment longer than I expected.
"This was wonderful," she whispered.
I nodded in agreement. We went back into the crowd, shaking hands and toasting with other friends of hers. Kassidy remained on my arm the rest of the night. The more time I spent around my niece, the more I found myself attracted to her. She exuded the same energy as her mother had. I was drawn to her instinctively.
The happy couple made their grand exit, and the rest of the reception thinned out. Kassidy made the rounds, saying goodbye. She was originally going to stay with another of the bridesmaids but stopped me as I started to tell her goodnight.
"I don't want to go to Denise's place. I'd really like it if you could take me home tonight."
"Of course," I agreed eagerly. "I'm parked around the corner. We can leave whenever you're ready, kiddo."
She smiled and disappeared into the bridal room one last time. She emerged with her bag after just a few minutes.
"Let's go home, Rooster," she sighed, leaning into me. We got in the truck, and I sped home.
Once we got back to the house and I parked the truck, Kassidy leaned over and kissed me again. Her lips were hungry, yearning. I returned the kiss with enthusiasm, letting my tongue chase hers between our mouths. I ran my hands down her shoulders and placed some light butterfly kisses on her neck.
Kassidy pulled the thin straps of her dress down her shoulders, and her perky tits soon popped into view. I stared openly at them, seeing her nipples hard with excitement. I had seen her topless quite often in recent weeks, but that was closer than I had ever been to her tits. I wanted to touch them so badly my hands ached.
Kassidy sensed my hesitation. "Go ahead, Rooster," she said, her voice breathy and sultry. "I want you to."
I gently placed my palms on her nipples, letting my fingers probe and explore her flesh. Her boobs were so firm and soft all at the same time. I never wanted to let them go.
Kassidy's skin felt hot to the touch. Her breathing was ragged and shallow. I realized I had been holding my breath the entire time I had been feeling her up. I exhaled loudly, and my niece let out a soft moan.
"You don't know how long I've wanted you to touch me like this," she confessed, letting out a soft coo.
"About as long as I've wanted to touch you," I said, my fingers still caressing her nipples.
I leaned over and lightly kissed her nipple. I felt her shiver as my tongue made contact. I savored the taste of her skin. I pursed my lips around it and sucked.
"We... we should go inside," Kassidy whispered. The tension in the air was palpable.
Without bothering to cover herself, Kassidy opened the car door and headed towards the house. I caught her on the porch, pushing her up against the door and kissing her again. My hands went to her exposed breasts instantly, this time pinching her stiff nipples roughly. She moaned into my mouth wantonly.
She broke the kiss and fumbled with the doorknob. My hands never left her tits. Kassidy backed into the house, and I maintained my hold on her little buds while I followed her inside. I kicked the door closed behind me with my foot.
Then, it was Kass's turn to take the lead. She pushed me against the back of the door. She worked on my tie and shirt as her tongue chased mine. I reached down and took her ass cheeks in my hands, feeling them over her dress. Kassidy pulled my shirt open and moaned again. Her hands fell to working on my belt and pants. She squatted down before me and looked up with her soft, doe eyes.
"I'm going to suck your dick, Uncle Ross," she said, yanking my slacks to the ground. My cock was throbbing by that point, and she pulled the waistband of my boxers out enough that the head popped into her view.
"Oh my," she said aloud. My niece put her lips around the head of my cock and suctioned it in her warm, wet, willing mouth. She tugged my boxers were tugged to my knees, then both her hands went to work on my shaft and balls while she sucked the head in and out of her mouth repeatedly. I could feel her tongue lapping at the underside of my dick as it slid in and out from between her luscious lips.
My hands went instinctively into her hair, gripping her gently and gaining some leverage to stroke my dick in and out of her face. I felt Kassidy relax her throat and let me fuck her mouth with long, deep strokes. She took it all the way in over and over before finally pulling me out of her and panting for air.
"Mmm, yeah," she said. "Get rough with me."
I didn't respond. I just shoved my dick back inside her face. Her eyes rolled back in her head a little, and she let out a series of wet grunts. She put a hand between her thighs and played with herself.
The view from above was something like you would see in porn. My hand was wrapped in her pretty blonde hair. Her lips were stretched out to engulf the cock sliding in and out of her mouth. Her perky tits were jiggling pleasantly with her movements, and she had a hand under her dress, playing with her pussy.
I pulled her to her feet and kissed her again. Her breathing was ragged, and she was groaning loudly into my mouth. I stepped out of my pants and removed the rest of my clothes. Kassidy pulled the dress off her young, tight, arousing body. She had forgone panties the entire night, apparently, as she was now standing before me totally naked, her soft skin glowing with arousal. For a moment, I was transported back in time. I saw Kassidy standing before me, beautiful and alluring, but in my mind, I was also seeing Kate.
I took her by the hand and led her to the living room. She let me bend her over the arm of the recliner. She groaned, stuck her petite little ass up in the air and spread herself open for me. She swung her hips back and forth slowly as I took in the sight of her rear end, with her cheeks agape to reveal her glistening wet pussy and little rosebud. I grabbed her hips pressed the head of my throbbing cock against her wet folds.
Kassidy looked back at me, her emerald eyes full of pure lust. She told me, "Do it. Put your cock inside me. I need you to fuck me, Rooster."
I needed no more encouragement. I pressed forward, letting my cock sink between her labia and into her pulsing pussy. Or bodies collided with a satisfying 'slap,' followed by our combined moans of pleasure. The wet sounds of sex echoed in my ears as we fucked. Hard and fast, I pistoned myself in and out of my niece's dripping cunt. She gripped the fabric with her hands, moaning and telling me to fuck her harder and faster over and over.
Feeling my orgasm building all too quickly, I reluctantly pulled out and sat Kassidy in the chair. I fed her my cock, and watched as she licked and sucked her own essence off of my rod. I bent down to kiss her, savoring the taste of her sweet pussy from her lips as our tongues danced once again. I needed more.
I knelt in from of her, propped her legs on the arms of the chair, and dove right into her pussy with my tongue. I lapped away at her wet slit, sliding two fingers right into her and beckoning her to come. My mouth latched onto her clit as I continued to stroke her G spot.
Kassidy's eyes went wide suddenly, her panting and moaning going silent. She snapped her thighs shut around my head. She trembled and shook for what felt like forever. Then, her body went slack, slumping back into the chair as I continued to kiss and gently lick her pussy.
I stood up and pulled Kassidy over to the couch. I sat down, leaned back into the cushion, and told her to climb on. She turned to put her perfect ass in my view, planting her feet on my thigs as she slid my cock back inside her wet hole. I grabbed her hips and began thrusting up inside her, watching her ass cheeks ripple with the impact of my body against hers.
Kassidy leaned back, bracing herself by putting her hands behind her. She was moaning and grunting, and getting louder.
"Fuck my cunt hard. Fuck this pussy. I want your cock. I want all of it inside me. Cum. Fill me up. Cum hard!" She rambled on and on, using one hand to furiously rub her clit up and down. I felt the rush approaching. I grabbed her hips and slammed my cock deep in her pussy one last time, pressing myself into the hilt and holding her down on me as my cock erupted. I filled my niece's cunt with my seed as she frigged her clit faster and faster until she spasmed once again.
Kassidy slipped off of me and slid down to the floor, sitting there between my spread legs. We were both gasping and panting, spent physically and sexually. Kassidy turned to look up at me. I gave her a weak smile, which took most of the little energy I had left. She looked at my deflating cock, dripping with our combined fluids. She leaned over and kissed the tip tenderly, swirling her tongue over the head, softly and gently.
My brain was still half disconnected from my body, and the sensations barely registered. After several more licks, she relented, and just leaned her head against my thigh.
"That was intense," She said, her eyes closed, her body totally relaxed.
As my consciousness returned, I started to think about what we had just done. It was one thing for her to walk around topless, or to share a quick kiss on the dance floor. We had just had sex -- no, we had justFuckedeach other -- and it had felt really, really good -- so good that I wanted to do it again.
Kassidy lifted her head and smiled.
"Well Rooster, I need a shower, and then, I think, we should go to bed together."
Kassidy rose and dragged me up off the couch. I slid my arm around her, and we walked down the hallway to the bathroom arm in arm.
We showered together -- quite normally I suppose, or as normal as it could be when an uncle and niece shower together. After a few moments, I smacked her ass and began to play around with her tits while she washed her tight, young body. Kassidy lightly stroked my cock when it was my turn to use the soap and shampoo.
"You're hard again," she said, seemingly quite amused.
"I can't help it," I said, lacking any eloquence. "You look so sexy, all wet and naked like that." She once again squatted below me, sucking my cock head between her lips. I groaned and turned off the water. I leaned back against the tile wall and closed my eyes. I was going to let her do pretty much anything she wanted to.
Kassidy licked the shaft and kissed the head of my cock. She was more teasing me than anything, never taking me deep in her mouth for more than a few strokes before she would pull me out and caress my dick once again.
I pulled Kassidy to her feet, and we grabbed a couple of towels. After a hurried drying session, I pulled her to the bed and laid her down. I slid between her legs and eased them apart. On my knees, I slid my cock into her puffy, pink, swollen pussy slowly and gently, pressing in until I was fully inside her wet cunt. Kassidy moaned as each inch slid deeper inside her. I eased out in full, long strokes and fucked her at almost a leisurely pace.
Kassidy had propped herself up on her elbows and was intently watching my cock slide in and out of her. Slowly and sensuously, I gradually increased the rhythm of my motions. Earlier, we had fucked each other quickly and furiously with reckless abandon. That time was much more tender, intimate, and caring. The noises she made, moans and light whimpers, gradually got a bit more intense. We weren't fucking. We were making love.
Kassidy's legs wrapped themselves around my waist, trapping me inside her. I kept thrusting in smooth, even movements, wanting the sensations to last as long as possible. Eventually, however, I reached that point where the feelings intensified, and before I even realized what was happening, I was thrusting deeper and faster inside her.
"Cum inside me, Rooster," Kassidy softly whimpered. "Fill my pussy up. Make me yours." She put her arms around my neck and held on as I pumped harder, her hips thrusting to meet mine. Much quicker than I wanted to, I reached orgasm. I came hard, pumping semen into my sexy young niece for the second time that night. Kassidy's eyes locked with mine as her body twitched with her own orgasm.
I fell on top of her, unable to hold myself up any further. She giggled softly.
"Wow, Rooster," she said, purring in my ear. "That was amazing."
"It... was," I panted out. I managed to roll over on my back and close my eyes. I felt Kassidy curl up next to me with her head on my chest and an arm draped over my stomach. I was asleep in seconds.
I was awakened to the pleasurable feeling of my dick being stroked. I pried one eye open and saw a dainty hand playfully pumping my cock. Kassidy moaned quietly as she manipulated my dick. I groaned.
"It's about time, sleepyhead," she said, her hand never leaving my erection. "How about you fuck me one more time before I have to go and help clean up the venue in a few hours?"
I certainly wasn't about to say no. Kassidy laid down on the bed and slowly spread her legs widely. I watched in awe as her majora opened up like a delicate flower to reveal the treasure inside. She was rubbing her pussy lips slowly, working to get some juices flowing.
I knelt below her and licked her from asshole to apex. I darted my tongue inside her cunt to taste her essence. I lapped at her folds, swirling my tongue around her clit regularly.
"Give me that cock," she implored. I got on my knees and grabbed her ankles, spreading her knees open. I pressed my cock against her slit, and her pussy enveloped all of it quickly.
"God, yes," she said, releasing a deep moan. "I've been fingering myself all morning waiting for you to wake up. Fuck me, Uncle Ross. Fuck me hard and fast with that big, thick, rooster cock." I don't know where the dirty talk came from, but it spurred me on. I thrust inside her with vigor, skin slapping against skin. I squeezed her nipples and smacked them lightly as I pumped in and out of my nieces' cunt furiously.
Kassidy kept imploring me to fuck her harder. She was going wild. "Pound my pussy into the bed. Fill my dirty cunt with your seed. Fuck me, Uncle Rooster. Fuck your little niece. Make me your fuckslut."
I couldn't keep up with the little sexpot. I thrust inside one last time and came hard -- so hard it felt like I nearly threw my back out. I fell back panting, then looked down to see Kassidy rubbing her sloppy, swollen pussy furiously until she cried out and came.
"Damn, Rooster," she said, pulling her cum-coated fingers to her mouth. She made a filthy show of sucking the cum off while staring me in the eyes. "You filled me up good."
I was just getting my breathing under control, so all I could do was grunt. Kassidy stood and stretched, her naked body glistening with sweat. My gods was she ever sexy.
"That was amazing," she said, winking at me seductively. "Maybe we can jump in the hot tub tonight and play around when I get back?" I nodded wordlessly, watching her tight young body move. "The other girls and I are supposed to go out and eat together after we're done at the venue, so it might be later than usual."
"Yes ma'am," I said. I wasn't sure what she had in mind for later on, but -- post-nut clarity be damned -- I sure as fuck wanted to find out.