Rachel called.
"Are you expecting a delivery driver today?"
"I am, in about an hour," I said.
"Can I come over?"
"Sure."
She showed up about ten minutes later. She wearing really tight yoga shorts, sneakers and a T-shirt, and was carrying a backpack.
"Hello stranger," she said, giving me a big kiss as she backed me in to the hallway. I let the door close.
"Hello yourself," I said, getting my hands under her shirt to find her wearing a bra. "So, to what do I owe the pleasure?"
"We haven't played together for a while, and I thought we could change that," she said.
"Uh huh," I said.
"Also I have a favor to ask."
"Uh huh."
We walked through to the living room and she put her bag down.
"You know we did a bunch of thongs last week, one with the delivery girl?"
"Yes?" I said, wondering exactly where this was going.
"Well, that thong sold well. But I've had a special request for me to do it again, but video it too. The guy's offering a lot of money, so I thought I'd talk to you first."
"So you're going to be a porn star? What did you have in mind?" I asked.
"I thought we could just recreate the delivery driver skit, and you video me doing it. Can you blank out his face, if you can see it in the video?"
"Sure, we can do that, and I can blank out his face. But it was a girl, I can't guarantee that."
"I didn't mention that in my write-up. Here, take a look."
She handed me her phone, and I read the text on the screen:
'This is the thong I wore when answering the door to a delivery driver wearing just this, stockings and high heels.'
"OK," I said, "so that's what we need to reproduce? Sounds easy enough."
"Perfect!" she said, pulling the T-shirt over her head. She turned around and I unhooked her bra, so she took that off too. She sat down on the sofa, undid her sneakers and took them, and her socks, off.
She stood up and pulled her shorts down, leaving her in just a black thong.
"I don't want anybody to recognize me, so can you just show my back?"
"Sure," I said, and went and got my digital video camera.
"I don't want to show anything to the camera," she said, "so only shoot my back."
"OK," I said.
She opened the bag and got out some clothes. She pulled on her stockings, and I helped her get them, and her thong, all perfectly lined up. Then she put on the high heeled shoes.
"Did you bring the choker?" I asked. "I like the look of that on you."
She nodded, and got the black ribbon out of the bag and put it on. Lastly, she dug out a black bob wig. She went into the bathroom and put it on in front of the mirror, tucking her brown hair up underneath it.
"How do I look?" she asked, coming out of the bathroom.
I thought she looked great, and I told her that. She came and stood in front of me.
"Slap my tits," she said, and I reached out and slapped them a couple of times. Pretty hard, but not as hard as she liked. I tweaked her nipples, and was playing with her tits when I heard a diesel truck in the parking lot. I went and looked out of the window, then said "they're here. If you want to get it, now's the time."
I picked up the camera, and started shooting. There was a knock on the door.
"Goddamn it, hang on, I'm coming!" she called, and I followed her - she put her arm over her chest and ran to the door. I stood in the hallway where I could video her without being seen.
The older delivery guy was surprised to see her, but not shocked. I guess they see this sort of thing from time to time. He handed her the package, then stood there with the pen waiting for the signature, smiling at her.
She played all flustered for a while, then let go of her chest and grabbed the pen, signing for the package.
"You girls like teasing us," he said.
"Teasing?" she said, "I'm not teasing - I was getting dressed and didn't want to miss you."
"Right," he said, "that's why we only ever get to see your tits."
She stepped back, put the package on the floor and dragged her thong down to her thighs.
"Better?" she said.
"Much," he said. "I've got to be going, but I hope to see more of you real soon."
She closed the door, pulled her thong up and brought me the package.
"That went well," I said. "You know there's a whole porn genre of delivery guys getting fucked, right?"
"There's porn of everything," she said.
"I think we might have trouble editing your pussy flashing out," I said, wandering over to the computer. I plugged the camera in, and fired up my editing software. I played about with it, and trimmed it to her walking down the hall, taking the package and signing for it. You could clearly see her pussy when she bent over, so I clipped that out.
"What do you think?" I said.
"It looks crappy," she said. "I guess we need to do it again some other day."
"Or I could play the delivery driver," I suggested. "We're blurring him out anyway."
"OK," she said, "can we try it? I'd like to get this off my list."
I changed into black pants and polo shirt. I set the camera on a tripod, looking at the door. It didn't matter of it was seen now, so it was a better angle anyway. I took the package that had just been delivered, and stepped out. I knocked on the door, and after a few seconds, she opened it looking all embarrassed. She tried to cover herself again, failed, let me see her tits and took the package from me. I held out my hand as if I had the signature machine, and she pretended to sign it, then closed the door. A moment later, she opened the door again, and I came in so we could look at the video.
I edited it down to start with her walking to the door, and end when she closed the door. I showed her, and she was happy with it, so I blurred out my face as she took her thong off and put it in a plastic baggie, then I set the video off converting to a file, which I sent to her.
"What do you want to do now?" she asked.
"A movie?"
"Netflix and chill?"
"No, I thought we could go to an actual movie," I said.
"Can't we stay in and fuck?"
"We can go out and fuck," I said.
"Sure."
I pulled her in to me and squeezed her butt, and then we separated so she could get dressed. First she took off her shoes and stockings. She put on a new thong, in pink, the shorts, socks and sneakers.
"Do you want me to keep the choker on?" she asked.
"Sure."
She was about to put her shirt on when I thought of something.
"Give me a second," I said.
I went and got some scissors and an old T-shirt of mine. I had her put it on, then cut it below her tits. It wasn't tight enough to stay there. She lifted her arms above her head, and you could easily see the bottom of her tits. She jumped up and down so they jiggled, and we laughed about that.
"Let's walk," I said.
"But it's like a mile!" she protested.
"You'll be fine," I told her, and we left.
I walked with my hand on her butt to feel it wiggling, and I used my other hand to flip her top up or feel her tits from time to time. Her nipples were stiff, and she seemed pretty turned on by the time we got to the theatre. We chose an adult movie, and it was late enough that there were quite a few people in there, mostly making out. We did the usual dating couple thing and choose seats at the back, but as far away from other couples as we could, so we were almost in the corner. Luckily they had couples seating, so I lifted the arm between us.
As soon as the lights went down, she pulled her top up and reached over and pulled my dick out, lying on me and putting her mouth on it and just licking the head.
I squeezed my hand into her shorts, then said "this won't work."
She sat up and pulled them down to her thighs. She also took off her top completely.
She changed her mind, and pulled her shorts over her sneakers. I thought a few people saw her, but for now we were as good as alone. She went back to sucking and licking, and I put my fingers into her thong, sliding them back and forth up her slit.
Some of the people who'd probably seen her seemed to slowly migrate closer as the movie went on. I was aware of several sets of eyes in the row in front of us watching us rather than the movie.
She got up and pulled her thong aside, straddled me and drove my dick into her. She pushed her tits into my face, and started rocking herself forwards and backwards on me. She dipped her face to give me a kiss, and had her tongue in my mouth when she came. She looked over her shoulder at this point, and realized that we had an audience. She was embarrassed, but they'd seen pretty much all of her, so it's not like getting dressed was going to help.
She got up and laid down on the seat next to me and licked my dick clean. I still hadn't cum, and she went back to licking the head with it in her mouth. I stroked her exposed tit, and some of the crowd seemed to have left to go and leer at somebody else.