Michelle was in Germany on a student exchange with which she was enriching her studies in architecture and was fascinated with the knowledge she was gaining there. She was staying in a very picturesque dormitory building where she shared a room with Marlene, a pretty architecture student who had a fascination for the arts, mainly music, that explained why she chose architecture, because she defined it as; Frozen music.
Michelle and Marlene had developed a great friendship, because they had many things in common, both were very studious and together they developed a study dynamic that was very fruitful.
That morning the sun was shining and since the girls had no classes, they decided to go to the beach to cool off and get some sun. They both made the necessary preparations and opted to pack drinks, sunscreen and towels in a sports bag, so they headed to one of the city's beaches.
The ocean waves were gently caressing the beach and many people seemed to be having a wonderful time on that beautiful morning. For Michelle, this was her first visit to the beach after several weeks in which all her attention was focused on her studies. And it was a novelty of a surprising nature for her to see several people sunbathing or walking naked on the beach in such a carefree manner, as if this activity was something they performed from the cradle.
"You never told me about the peculiarity of these beaches." -Michelle said.
"I didn't give it much importance, here it is very normal to do it, many people want to enjoy the sun without having swimsuit marks." -Said Marlene in a tone full of shyness.
Michelle stopped to think for a moment, she knew the shy nature of Marlene, who had a medium height, big and penetrating brown eyes, which seemed to never stop at anything, Michelle defined them as; "Artist eyes" because of the way her friend seemed to scrutinize things with that peculiar look. She also had a nice body with healthy and resolutely feminine shapes that glistened in the sun with a black one-piece swimsuit, which highlighted her firm and youthful erect breasts, her brown hair rested loosely on her shoulders.
Michelle and Marlene were spreading out their towels on the sand and were arranging to one side the sports bag in which they kept their clothes and were taking the bottles with water to cool off a bit, after applying some sunscreen on their bodies.
"What are you doing Michelle?"
Marlene asked a little stunned as she watched Michelle strip off her swimsuit and put it in the suitcase, immediately she smeared some sunscreen on her round breasts, followed by her round buttocks. Michelle looked very perky standing in front of her friend, giving her a playfully defiant look, as she continued to smear the sunscreen on her waxed pubes.
"I've long felt like doing something like this, in my home town this would be impossible, and I confess it feels great the way the breeze is caressing me, come on. take off that swimsuit, don't be shy, it'll be fun! I know you like to try new things, just like that lock in your hair that you dyed pink. Said Michelle full of joyful self-confidence.
Marlene looked at Michelle with some trepidation, having a certain fear that kept her from doing something so daring in public.
"Come on Marlene! I've seen you naked in the mornings when you get up - you could benefit from a little sunshine!" -Said Michelle.
Michelle could be very insistent and didn't hesitate for a second to help her friend out of that tight one-piece swimsuit, which she ended up doing in the face of her self-conscious friend's reticence.
Marlene's protests and reluctance were ignored by Michelle, who mischievously held in her hand the swimsuit of her friend who was blushing all over her body and trying to cover herself nervously and embarrassed, while Michelle laughingly urged her to resign herself to her current nudity, arguing:
"To the land that thou goest."Marlene tried in vain to recover her swimsuit, while she covered herself with the towel, which Michelle would tear off in a matter of seconds while laughing.
"Come on Marlene, you're making a fool of yourself. Get rid of your insecurities, there's nothing to be afraid of here, it's okay to be a little uninhibited in a place like this, look at all those naked people enjoying the sun and the atmosphere." -Said Michelle making her friend see, that there was no turning back from her decision to enjoy a nudist morning at the beach.
Marlene resigned herself and would stop refusing, Michelle stowed the swimsuit in the suitcase and held out her hand for them both to enter the sea.
"I see you like to keep a natural appearance." -Michelle exclaimed as soon as Marlene's curly, bushy pubic bush was exposed, who felt hesitant at her friend's teasing stare.
"If you feel like covering up - let's run for the water! That way you get used to it and the waves will wash away your shyness." -Sweetly said Michelle.
Michelle and Marlene headed to the water and would spend a few minutes playing in the waves, this made Michelle's words make sense and Marlene was beginning to relax and feel a little liberated from her initial shyness, thus letting in a sense of enjoyment that was reflected in her smile as well as in her body expression.
The girls swam and were having a great time in the water, the whole atmosphere of that beach seemed very calm, there were bodies of all kinds enjoying the sun and the peaceful atmosphere invited to spend a whole day immersed in it.
The playfulness of the girls was evident, both were a little thirsty and decided to go get their water bottles to hydrate a little, very funny they walked to their things and exchanged jokes.
"I don't see our towels, nor do I see the suitcase." -Said Marlene very scared.
Michelle confirmed what her friend said and took a deep breath in an attempt to remain calm, it was obvious that they had been stolen and it was necessary to come up with a way to deal with it in the best way possible.
Marlene was falling victim to her fear:
"It can't be, this is terrible!" -she exclaimed as hysteria began to invade her.
"Calm down! Making a fuss, we're not going to solve anything. We're in this together, look at me! I'm in the same trouble too, you mustn't be afraid. Everything has a solution and the worst thing that can happen to us is to walk back home naked, it's a couple of kilometers. The world is not going to end because of this situation, so calm down, you are not alone. Like I told you; together we will face this."
Marlene calmed down after listening to Michelle and together they went to the beach lifeguard for help.
"You shouldn't have left the suitcase on the sand, there are some spaces where people leave their things. This is a public place and it is impossible for us to take care of people's personal belongings, I'm sorry I can't help them. There were many similar thefts today and a few minutes ago I gave my t-shirt to a woman who came to the beach as a tourist, believe me I wish I could help you in a better way".
The girls were somewhat frustrated at the words of the beach lifeguard, now they had to deal with their own carelessness.
"It's not the first time something like this has happened to me." -Michelle said with a shrug.
"If you already had experience in this, then you knew we should have taken precautions. This is very humiliating and embarrassing for me!" -Said Marlene.
"Don't get me wrong, this is the first time my clothes have been stolen on the beach, neither of us knew about the lockers, and if you can tell. We are both in the same situation. The difference is that I have had to deal in the past with situations where I run out of clothes and have to go home naked." -Michelle said.
"So...do you know what to do about our situation? You better tell me what you have planned to solve this. I'm dying to go home, I'm thirsty, I'm starting to feel hungry and I'm not at all amused at the thought of doing without my clothes right now. I feel the way people's gazes are devouring me at this very moment! I don't want to be naked anymore Michelle!" -Marlene said indignantly.
"First of all, you must accept that we will spend some time naked, and stop covering yourself with your hands! That doesn't solve anything, we'd better walk home, and we'd better do it in a natural way, in this city people are respectful and I'm comforted by the fact that public nudity is not persecuted here, besides you have a very nice body! Come on! It will be fun to go home without having to hide for fear of being seen. When this is over, I assure you, you'll find it a lot of fun to recount this experience in the future." -Michelle said excitedly, for a moment she seemed to be so excited about the challenge in front of them and this was evident in the stiffness her pink nipples began to stiffen.
Michelle wanted to relax the situation and as they walked back home, she told Marlene some of her experiences dealing with unexpected and forced nudity, she talked about her first time, when she and her friends lost their dresses leaving a prom and soon after ended up lost in the woods for a whole weekend.
"I was very shy at first too, maybe more than you are. I'm not going to lie to you I was terrified! Suddenly my world was crumbling and I felt so helpless without my clothes and at the mercy of the unknown. But when I calmed down, I saw that I was not alone in that predicament, my friends were also naked and just as scared as I was, I learned that my friends and their support was enough to face any adversity and you must believe me it was hours of anguish knowing we were lost and walking aimlessly." -Michelle said.
"On an Italian beach, something similar happened to me, only that a wave rolled over me making me lose my swimsuit, full of shame I ran naked for my towel and the Italian men, they can be very long handed, they chase you with their eyes and when you realize, they are behind you, one of them ripped my towel while everyone was cheering him on and saying things like "Bella ragazza" and I felt some hands on my body, it was a very big feeling of vulnerability. Deep down I felt a little excited, but I disliked the forced situation, they had no right to tear my towel, nor my permission to touch my body, but that's Italy, even with your clothes on, you get to feel a concupiscent hand on you and being naked, it was like a national holiday for those men. To my good fortune a handsome black-eyed boy appeared, he extended his jacket to me and took that horde of don juanes off my back, saying that I was his fiancée, he kindly offered to escort me to the dressing room and insisted on taking me home, he was extremely gallant and invited me to dinner that night. After dinner, I chose to remove my clothes myself. Somewhat similar to this day, we both chose to undress and now face an extension of that choice." -Said Michelle smiling and with a certain light in her gaze that reassured her friend.
Marlene thought carefully about what Michelle said as they walked and was comforted to hear those stories, at least they did not have a legion of libidinous Italians chasing them, this last comment, lightened much of the tension and nervousness that could remain in them, who stopped to take a short break on a bench.
Marlene imagined that scene as she walked and saw herself being besieged by many men, the closest ones whipping her buttocks, others caressing her thighs, she felt her pulse accelerate in an unusual way, her thighs contracted and she blushed as she felt some moisture dripping down them before that daydream. This was something she kept to herself with a certain sense of embarrassment at the incipient desire conspiring within her to experience something similar with a certain dose of submission.
It was curious how their nudity did not scandalize anyone who passed by that street, there was no lack of some tourist who came to capture with his camera those two cuties and thought that it could be part of some joke program, because of the natural and carefree way that was seen in their faces, They willingly agreed to pose with 2 nice Latina girls who approached them and chatted with them for a few minutes, they found it very funny when the boyfriend of one of them also asked them to take a picture with him.
For Marlene and Michelle, it was rewarding to interact with some people they met on their way, an elderly couple approached them smiling and praised them for enjoying life that way, Marlene blushed a little when she discovered how enthusiastic that man could feel, he took his wife's hand and whispered something in her ear, the woman smiled radiantly and thanked the girls for the chat after hugging them, soon the couple was out of sight, and their joy could be highly contagious.
Soon after they continued walking until they reached the campus and the dormitory building, Marlene actually felt a great release with this experience and Michelle felt that something good came out of it all.
"You might want to do this again in the future, now let's go to the dorm, I'd like to take a shower and get something to eat." -Said Marlene disguising how eager she was to relieve the excitement that was crackling inside her, she never imagined at first that she would find this nude stroll through the city so satisfying.
They both walked smiling through the halls of the building, being a holiday very few students were there. This could be beneficial to some extent, but deep down both Michelle and Marlene had thoroughly enjoyed the public nudity and somehow wished it would continue, far from the initial shyness and embarrassment.
When they reached their bedroom, they both realized that the room key was in the suitcase that had been stolen from them. This would cause both of them to be thinking about what to do, it was a little frustrating that no one of their roommates was there at that moment, which was the logical option they both thought, it was 2 long hours of waiting in which they took the opportunity to relax taking a shower in the communal showers of the building that for the moment were exclusively for them.
Michelle was enjoying the incipient pleasurable sensation of the hot water caressing her skin and was surprised to see Marlene standing there looking at her with a gaze full of that mischievous tenderness that usually precedes a mischief.
"Everything okay Marlene?"
Michelle was beginning to soap her body and wanted to hide her astonishment as she noticed Marlene beginning to masturbate.
"You are responsible for what you have tamed!" -said Marlene.
Michelle realized that this sweet girl who is her roommate, once freed from her shyness after taking off her swimsuit on the beach and walking around town naked, could be a consummate exhibitionist. She understood how exciting the experience of that morning was and she herself also had an immense desire to relieve all the excitement accumulated in her body due to that experience, without thinking about it she began to touch herself moved by the excitement that possessed her and increased when she saw the enjoyment of her friend who masturbated in front of her.
Each of them enjoyed the complicity conspired by the showers, bringing about the longed-for relief provided by the orgasm, and they were very pleased to be able to masturbate in front of each other in the mysterious code of a dialogue between friends sharing a secret and exchanging wet impressions of their recent experience.
Marlene was very sweet washing Michelle's hair and thanking her friend warmly for joining her that day. The two would leave the bathroom and take advantage of the sunny day on the roof of the building to dry off, at dusk they went downstairs and there they waited until their neighbor arrived.
Ingeborg was an arts student girl, who felt a lot of affinity for Michelle and Marlene, together they had gone out on a couple of occasions to have fun, besides sharing some study sessions and she found it very funny the fact that their neighbors were naked sitting on the stairs. At first, she thought this was due to some kind of challenge.
In a few minutes they told Ingeborg what had happened, who by then had shown them into her room where the 3 of them ate and were amused by the story of what had happened. Ingeborg was fascinated by the story, she also undressed to be in tune with her guests and together they would watch a movie on the TV in the common area of the building.
Hours later the maintenance man returned to his post and the girls asked him to open the bedroom after explaining a short version of the key loss. He was very kind and helpful and promised to have a set of copies for them early in the morning, which he delivered in full before the girls left for their classes.
The following weekend, Marlene would invite Michelle and Ingeborg to the beach. Michelle was amused to find her friends that morning waiting for her completely naked at the door.
Michelle smiled at this, undressed and went out into the hallway to head to the beach, thus beginning what would be their traditional weekly nudist walk to the beach.