Naked goddess
It had been a few minutes since Archalia had left the handsome-looking man called Tom. She was now pushing through the boundaries of the different realms of this universe. With every realm, she passed though she could feel the different kinds of air flowing against her body. She could feel the warm air from Hell hitting the juices flowing down her legs.
When she passed Walhallah she saw Freyja looking at her. Archalia had almost flown against a building while she looked at Freyja's naked body. She passed through the other realms arriving at the gates of the Silver City. It was night and Archalia looked at the stars above her. This meant that most angels were asleep.
She passed by Hadriel, who was the angel that got tasked with guarding the gates of the city. Hadriel was not completely naked like the other angels. She would wear a golden helmet with feathers flowing out of the top and sandals covered with golden plates. She also carried a golden spear that had the power of Zeus. Except for these ornaments, she was naked. Hadriel's blonde hair flowed out of the helmet. She had large breasts. Her abs were clearly visible. Hadriel kept her pussy completely shaven "There you are," Hadriel noted when she saw God walking towards her. "Please, don't tell anyone I'm back?" She whispered to the gatekeeper.
In the past, it happened regularly that life as God was too much for her. At these moments she would run away from heaven, most of the time to Earth. On those days the Silver City would change from the most calming place in the universe to being hectic as hell. Everyone would be looking for God. Hadriel would turn her back most of the time Archalia passed by the gates or when she came back.
Archalia walked through the city towards the throne room. After a short walk she arrived there. It was at least ten stories high. The inside of the throne room looked like it could be taken exactly from a huge cathedral somewhere in Europe. Everything looked completely like the inside of a church with the gothic pillars, the beautiful windows and the high ceilings.
Something very different is that the statues and paintings didn't depict any imagery like Jesus or other catholic figures. The only thing these statues would depict were angels. Not the male angels in long dresses that you would see in any other church. All the angel statues were female and nude. Not the same kind of nude that you'd see in a museum either. The statues were much more detailed, especially the boobs and pubic regions. Some statues were standing with their legs spread apart. If you would stand underneath the giant marble statues and look up you could see a complete detailed replica of what the female genitals looked like. The statues all had erect nipples and some statues were even touching their pussies or boobs. At the end of the throne room, there was a big throne. This was where Archalia normally would sit when there was an audience with the other gods. Behind her throne, there was a giant statue that would almost touch the ceiling. The statue depicted Archalia.
Archalia was trying to walk towards her throne, finding a path between the dozens of naked bodies from sleeping angels, most of them were asleep anyway. Archalia was startled when she heard a moan from an angel in front of her. It looked like the two women didn't want to stop what they were doing before everyone else fell asleep. She saw them scissoring. They came right when she passed by them. Archalia figured that they didn't notice her when they were still shaking uncontrollably from their orgasm.
"Babe!" Archalia heard from behind her. Archalia startles from the voice behind her and stumbles over one of the sleeping girls. She turns around, still sitting on the ground. It's Gabriel that just spoke to her. Gabriel had beautiful long blonde hair that went all the way to her pelvis, almost covering her bare pussy. Most of Gabriel's hair flowed over her shoulder down via her back but there were always two locks of hair going down via her boobs, covering her nipples. They stopped right underneath her belly button.
"You're back! Where were you?" Gabriel asks, still sounding sleepy.
Archalia had probably awoken her by passing by her when she was asleep. Gabriel walks towards Archalia and hugs her. Archalia enjoys the feeling of their boobs and pussies pressing against each other. "We've been searching for you for the past two days," Gabriel says. For Archalia it had only been about a day. Angels and any other divine beings could also travel through time.
***************************************************************************
Two days ago...
It was a sunny day in Heaven, just like any other day actually.
Archalia was laying in her bed. She felt someone kissing her neck and rubbing one of her nipples. She could also feel another pair of lips kissing her thighs. That pair of lips slowly moved towards her pussy. She felt that person now licking her clit. The goddess started to moan in pleasure as she opened her eyes.
She saw Gabriel's blue pair of eyes staring back at her. Archalia could only see the top of her head as the bottom was covered between Archalia's thighs. As she kept on moaning she noticed Uriel kissing her neck and rubbing her right breast. Archalia figured this was already going on for a while before she woke up. Archalia moved her hand over to Uriel's pussy. First, she rubbed her thighs and the small strip of hair above Uriel's pussy. She now pressed her fingers inside Uriel's pussy. She started moaning too and she briefly stopped to kiss Archalia's neck. She also stopped rubbing her erect nipples.
The two angels lay there, moaning with a third girl down in between the goddess' legs. "Faster," Uriel moaned, Archalia went faster and faster between Uriel's wet flesh. Archalia felt she was getting closer to cumming. She came and she immediately stopped fingering Uriel, who quickly put her own fingers inside her pussy. Archalia started to shake and then she collapsed on the mattress that was now drenched in the juices of both women. Gabriel crawled up the goddess' body and laid down next to her to start masturbating. Gabriel's body was still wet from the juices of the beautiful goddess. Archalia was still laying down in the blissful state of mind she was in right now. Then she moved to face the masturbating Gabriel next to her and started sucking on her nipple. Gabriel moved her hands away from her own pussy so Archalia could slide her fingers into her pussy. Uriel came at the same moment as Gabriel did. The three nude women lay on the bed without saying anything for a few more minutes.
Gabriel gave the two other women a kiss and stood up. "I'm going downstairs to the other girls," Gabriel said with a smile.
"No, please stay!" Archalia demanded with sad puppy eyes.
"You can come down to the garden whenever you want and I'll make you cum many more times during the day," Gabriel teased with a wicked smile.
After she had said this she quickly flicked the goddess' nipple. Gabriel walked away. The two remaining women couldn't help but stare at Gabriel's ass, swaying from left to right as she walked away. Archalia rolls over to hug Uriel. She puts her arms around her stomach.
"Babe... I have to tell you something," Uriel says.
"Hmmm," Archalia mumbles back as she is dazing off, still enjoying the afterglow of her orgasm.
"I fell in love with a human," Uriel said. Archalia immediately opens her eyes.
"Really," She asked excitedly.
"He's a farmer from the seventeenth century," Uriel said, thinking about her lover.
"OMG, you're so lucky!"
"I just met him a few months ago but it's like I have known him for years."
"Does he know what you really are?" Archalia asks.
"Well, the first time I met him, I landed on the fields he was working on. I was naked and I had my wings out, so I'm pretty sure he immediately knew what I was. He looked at me and then he started running towards me. He was completely perplexed. I spent that night with him. We quickly fell in love."
"I'm so excited for you," Archalia said.
"There is only one thing..." Uriel said as she paused quickly after. Archalia already had a feeling about what was coming next.
"He asked me to come and live with him."
Archalia's excited smile quickly changed to a look of sadness. Uriel noticed this.
"I wanted to ask you first, if you want me to stay then I'll stay," Uriel added.
"No, it's okay. I can't decide for you."
The goddess knew that this meant that Uriel, the angel that she had shared so many intimate moments, was going to leave her.
Living with a human meant that she would be expected not to have sex with anyone else except her new lover. This also meant that she would have a job, a life and that she would probably find almost no time to visit her in Heaven. Over the past millennia, a few angels left her because they fell in love with a person or a certain planet. Most of them Archalia rarely saw again.
Archalia gets up sitting on the bed. Uriel also gets up to face her. Archalia lays her hands on the other angels' shoulders.
"If you love him you should spend time with him. He's mortal so you only have a limited time left, after which you can come back and meet him again in heaven."
Uriel and Archalie talked an hour longer. After that Uriel went to prepare to leave for Earth.
Archalia walked into the throne room and sat down on her throne. Behind her throne, there was a huge statue of her. It was so high it almost touched the ceiling. Archalia never really liked the many statues around the city but the angels insisted on putting them there.
Archalia sat on her throne thinking of Uriel as she looked over the gothic room. A few naked angels were strolling around between the large pillars. The big silver gates at the other end of the room opened for Athena, Hades, Nyx, Death, Ares, Iris, and Change. They walked through the hallway and stopped thirty feet in front of her. Most gods would occasionally come to the Silver City to discuss everything that was happening all around the universe.
Hades, the Olympian god of death, wore a long black robe with a large V-neck that showed part of his muscled chest and abs.
Nyx was the goddess of Night and would also be partially associated with death. She actually was the ruler of one of the realms of the underworld. She wore a black crown with a blue flame on top. Her long hair that went down to her waist was even darker. She would wear a dark gray pelt covering her shoulders and upper back. Apart from that, she would only wear armor on her lower arms and legs. She had tanned skin. Her large boobs were covered by her black hair. Nyx's pussy was covered by a small dark bush. She kept the sides of it shaven so it formed a wide landing strip.
Death was the Celtic goddess of death. She had beautiful brown hair that also covered her boobs. They were on the smaller side but still bigger than Archalia's and suited the rest of her body beautifully. Death also kept her private regions unshaved. The only thing she'd wear was a long black cloak with a hood. This was where humanity had their depictions of Death from. Despite the cloak, they were completely wrong by depicting a skeleton instead of a nude woman. Because of the hood parts of her face were covered. Her face was only visible from the nose down.
Ares, being the god of war, wore a golden helmet and a red cape. He would also carry a spear and sometimes a shield. Archalia kept looking around at every muscle on his body. Ares showed all his muscles because apart from the red cape he was also naked. Archalia's eyes traveled via his chest down to his large genitals. The Supreme Goddess smiled in delight. He smiled back. She could see he briefly flexed his muscled chest at her. Archalia took a more comfortable position on her throne. She opened her previously closed legs. She placed them far apart on the ground, exposing her now open pussy to the seven gods.
Iris was the messenger goddess. She would be tasked with bringing information from one god to the other. This meant that she could go to every realm in creation. This could only be done by her, God, and the angels. Iris had brown hair that flowed down to her shoulders. She would wear a white almost entirely transparent dress that hugged her form quite well. Her hard nipples would be completely visible. Depending on the position she was standing in her dress showed her shaved pussy.
The last two goddesses were Themis and Chang'O. Themis was the Olympian goddess of justice. She would wear a white dress with a deep V-neck, that showed her cleavage. She would also wear a red blindfold. This was symbolic of the belief that justice should be dealt to someone regardless of power, wealth or beauty.
Chang'e was the Chinese goddess related to the moon. She had black hair. Behind her head, she would wear a symbol that looked like four golden wings. Most of the time she would wear a traditional white Chinese dress with a traditional red cape but today she only went for the cape. It covered her arms and back. The cape also covered the top of her breasts leaving the bottom exposed. Archalia could see a tiny part of her dark areolas. She would wear a chain with golden shards around her waist. These chains did nothing however to cover the small landing strip of dark pubic hair. She didn't look like most Asian women. She was tall, with long legs and curvy hips.
The godly beings kept discussing multiple subjects for a few hours long. All the while Archalia couldn't stop thinking about Uriel that would be leaving her. She was also getting bored of the gods discussing all their boring matters. She was so bored she slid two fingers into her vagina. Ares that was talking about a war quickly stopped and looked at God, everyone started looking at her. "Hmm, you can just continue. I'm listening," Archalia said as she bit her lip.
"Why shouldn't we go to war with them?" Ares continued.
"They don't form a threat to us or the larger universe," Athena said.
Athena and Ares were both war deities. The difference was that Athena would represent the more strategic and moral side of war. This also meant she mostly thought this way. Ares represented bloodlust. Ares would go to war with anyone that looked wrong at him, just so he could show off. Despite that Ares always remained friendly and well mannered, unlike some other gods.
"They are already advanced enough to leave their galaxy. Who says that after they've destroyed the Rei, they won't move on to the rest of the universe. I mean, they have enough man and firepower,' Nyx said.
They knew that there was someone between them that would exactly know what would happen, but she said on her throne, letting out soft moans as she stroked her clit.
"Uh," She moaned.
"Oh so beautiful goddess, if you want us to fuck you, you can just ask," Hades said in response to Archalia's moan. Nyx let out a giggle as he said that. Archalia thought Hades was even a bigger dick than the other gods. Hades always loved making inappropriate comments about a woman, it didn't matter if they were naked or not. Despite this, he had many human lovers. They weren't exactly lovers. Hades would always promise them he would stay with them. When he told them that he really was a god, he would leave them, sometimes even impregnating them before that. Hades tried to have sex with Archalia many times. She never wanted to have sex with someone like him.
"I mean you've got the prettiest cunt I've ever seen. You can read my mind so you probably know all the things that I want to do to your sexy body." Hades ended his sentence with a grin. In a mere ten seconds, a few angels that were strolling around went towards Hades. Gabriel walked towards Archalia, still masturbating on her throne as if she hadn't heard anything.
"You're a dick, Hades," Gabriel screamed. The angels were always very protective over their goddess.
"Why use such an arrogant tone with me when you're the one standing there naked, fucking every girl you see," Hades answered back to Gabriel.
She bent over in front of Archalia's throne to start licking her already wet and tingling pussy.
Archalia was already close to her orgasm when Gabriel entered the room. Gabriel only licked her clit once. That was the only stimulation she needed to cum all over Gabriel's face. Everyone started to look at her.
Hades started stroking his black goatee as he watched the goddess uncontrollably shake. Ares got an erection looking at the naked, cumming goddess. She was still shaking when she winked at him, biting her lip.
Gabriel walked down the few steps of the platform Archalia's throne was standing on. She wiped Archalia's juices from her mouth with her long blond hair. The gods moved to the side when she passed.
"At least those women want me to touch them," Gabriel told Hades with a grin.
Archalia stood up from her throne leaving a wet puddle on her throne. She walked down the stairs walking past the gods.
"She was right, you are a dick," she told Hades with a judging look.
She quickly stroked Ares' long hard dick when she passed.
"Where are you going?" Nyx asked as she turned around to look at Archalia.
"It's really boring here," She said.
Archalia went to Earth where she would meet Tom for the first time.
************************************************************************
Two days later,
Archalia and Gabriel stood in the large throne room. They were still hugging, surrounded by other sleeping angels.
"Where have you been?" Gabriel asked.
"To Earth..." Archalia said.
Gabriel slowly moved her hand down from Archalia's back to her asscheek. Archalia did the same to Gabriel.
"I've met someone. I think I like him."
Gabriel quickly removed her head from Archalia's shoulder to look into her eyes and smiled.
"OMG! what's he like,"
Archalia placed her hands on Gabriel's cheeks. "I'm sleepy, I'll tell you tomorrow."
Archalia gives Gabriel a long kiss and walks away. Gabriel runs behind her.
"Wait, can I sleep with you tonight?" Gabriel asks.
"Sure!"
She takes Gabriel's hand and pulls her behind her.
Archalia's bedroom was located at the top of one of the highest towers of the Silver City. Both angels arrive at the end of the hallway. The hallway had white marble floors with silver walls. These walls were aligned with pillars. In between them there hang many paintings of nude angels. There they went up the round staircase that had a golden railing. They arrived in the middle of Archalia's bedroom. The bedroom was a big circular room with many wrap-around columns that supported the ceiling. Going between these columns there were exits to the wraparound terrace. The only thing keeping the room apart from the terrace was the curtains that were always left open. This would mean that many angels wouldn't only enter the bedroom via the stairs but would just fly up and enter Archalia's sleeping quarters via the terrace. This happened quite a lot in the mornings.
In the middle of the left side of the circular room, Archalia and Gabriel lay down on the bed. The bed was covered in a white sheet made of silk. The bed was big enough for at least five people to lay next to each other. When they went into bed they started hugging. They didn't care to cover themselves with the thin silk sheet, laying at the foot of the bed. It didn't last long for Archalia to fall asleep in Gabriel's arms.
Thanks for reading! If you have any comments or suggestions about my writing or the story, please do so in the comments. More chapters will follow.