NOTE: Although I have been a fan of Literotica and its writers for years, I've never contributed until now. This is my first time, so be gentle, but I would also welcome any feedback and suggestions on how to improve my erotic writing skills. Comments and ideas for future stories also welcome. Thanks in advance.
***
Back in the 90's I was corresponding with several husbands who liked to trade nude and lewd photos of their wives with other guys. Gary was located in Austin, Texas and we had been talking for several months about his wife Pamela. In the photos she looked very prim and proper—glasses, small breasted (almost flat chested), blonde and petite. When he sent me the first nude photos of her, I could see she was indeed flat chested, barely a 32a bra size. After a few photos, he told me he would keep sending me more if I would write a description of what I would like to do with Pamela if I had the chance. Here is the story I sent him for starters:
Now... what I'd like to do with Pamela...
I am going to get a chance to do something that most men never get a chance to do, tell another man what I would like to do to his wife and then actually get to do it.
I get the call, "room 417, come see us, she's ready."
I am nervous and my heart is racing as I walk down the hall. Here I am, knowing that I am going to have the opportunity to touch this man's wife, fondle her body, stroke the smooth white inner thighs that I have already seen in photos. I am going to actually be touching this woman with her husband's encouragement.
I knock and Gary opens the door. He seems just as excited as I am. He explains that Pamela has been told not to talk and to let me do anything I want with her. "She will be spanked if she doesn't obey," he said. I nod and quickly forget about my nerves when I see Pamela, sitting on the chair by the table near the hotel window. Pamela is blindfolded, wearing a short black mini and a peasant type, off-the-shoulder blouse, also white. She appears nervous, unsure of what is about to unfold.
Without a word spoken between us, Gary sits on the bed and nods his head towards Pamela, giving me the go ahead.
"Here it is," I think, "my moment to do what I want with this gorgeous, little blonde. I've jacked off to her photos many times!"
I walk to Pamela, stand before her for a few long seconds, letting her feel the presence. Then, I reach my hand up the skirt, immediately caressing her inner thigh. The act is sudden, causing a deep intake of breath from Pamela as I touch her hidden charms. I step back, pull her thighs apart and look up her skirt, seeing her white panties. Absorbing the view, I once again run my hands up her skirt, coming close, but not touching her panties. Teasing, I stroke her incredible smoothness, made twice as exciting by virtue of being forbidden fruit. Next I stand up, pull her peasant blouse away from her chest, and peer down the top, smiling at the fact that she wears no bra to tether her tiny 32A tits. I hold the blouse open for several minutes, ogling Pamela's erect nipples, soaking in those tits. Enjoying the fact that this woman can do nothing but let me survey her body, I reach inside and gently twist her left nipple. She gasps out of surprise.
Next, I slowly pull the blouse off the shoulders, down to the waist, exposing her tits completely. I step back, savor the view, then grab both of Pamela's hands and place them on her nipples and pull on them. As she stops, I replace them, until she understands I want her to twist and pull on her nipples. I sit back and watch, releasing my cock and slowly stroking it. I look over to Gary and he's already getting off on this sight.
I finally return to Pamela, once again reaching under her skirt. This time I touch her pussy through her panties. I caress, I stroke until I feel Pamela's wetness. I slowly pull her panties to one side and slowly run a finger up and down her slit, teasing, probing, felling the soft flesh and coarse pubic hair. Finally, as Pamela starts to moan and squirm, her legs opening, I insert one finger inside her opening, my finger now inside the body of Gary's blindfolded wife! The finger slides in, the pussy incredibly wet and lubricated.
Slowly, as I look over my shoulder at Gary, I pull the skirt up higher until it is waist high, and commence a steady in and out motion, finger-fucking Pamela...only a few feet from her husband!
Pamela now starts bucking her pelvis towards the unknown figure bringing her pleasure, moaning, breathing hard. Then for the first time I speak... "pull your panties down to your knees." Without question, Pamela does as I command.
I step back and see Gary's wife, seated, her blouse pulled down to her waist, her tits exposed and her own hands pulling on her nipples. Her skirt is up to her waist, her panties pulled down to her knees and her legs are spread, exposing her cunt to an unknown stranger.
This is great, I enjoy my complete use of this fantasy woman. I reach over and grab the camera and commence to take photos of Pamela in her wanton sexual pose.
I then walk to Pamela, stand her up and move her to the center of the room. "I want you naked," I say. Nothing more.
Obediently, Pamela, pulls her panties off, then her skirt, then her top, to stand naked in front of me and her husband (and who knows who else could be in the room). I gawk. I leer. I smile. I walk to her, fondle her, slowly covering every inch of her body with my, large, roughly callused hands. I stroke her ass and give it a sudden slap to see her reaction. Her ass turns a lovely pink for a few seconds and Pamela blushes at this humiliation. Naked and spanked in front of her loving husband! I continue inspecting Pamela's lovely body. I hold both of her white ass cheeks in my hands, I jiggle her tits, suck them and gently nibble on her nipples. I probe every curve. I kiss her mouth, exploring with my tongue. Finally, I stand back and take more photos for my future enjoyment.
Then, I walk to the window and abruptly pull the curtains open, giving the entire wing of the hotel across the way the opportunity of a lifetime. "Look at her" I think to myself, "want to see something good?"
Crossing over to Pamela, I pull my now erect eight-inch cock out and place it in her hand. Startled, she wraps her hand around me and without hesitation starts to pump it.
"On your knees, Pamela" I order. I look over to Gary and smile before I rub my cock on Pamela's lips and then push my cock into her mouth. Her mouth stuffed, she starts to move her head and begins a good, skilled suck. After a few minutes, I nod for Gary to come over. Gary stands behind her as I motion him to place his hands on Pamela's bobbing head and start to move her head back and forth as I fuck her mouth. And boy, do I fuck it. I grin as I watch her own husband moving her head up and down on my stiff, aching cock, I start to move my pelvis, fucking Pamela's sweet, hot mouth..."Keep moving her head Gary, I'm just about ready to blow!"
(Think about what the folks in the hotel across the way are viewing! One guy forcing the head of a naked, kneeling woman down on anther's thrusting cock. Hope they brought binoculars. Maybe someone is taking photos or even videos.)
Finally, I explode, my cum gushing out in torrents, flooding her mouth causing her to swallow as much as she can and watching the rest dribble onto the carpet from her mouth. I withdraw and look at Pamela, still blindfolded, with my cum running down her chin.
Exhausted, I help carry her to the bed and order her on all fours. Now, I get to spread her pussy open for Gary to fuck. (To be continued)...