NORA AND JAMES PART 3
Nora and I are finishing Sunday breakfast. Time for a day of rest and relaxation. I bring up a subject that has long been on my mind. "Have you ever thought about bringing a woman into our relationship?"
"I've often fantasized about it but it's been private. I never told you. Maybe it's time that I'm more open and share it with you. So the answer is yes. I have wondered what it would be like to experiment with another woman, to have sex with her, for the three of us to have sex together and the different ways we could do it."
"Let's fantasize together, darling. I'd like it if you tell me what you'd like to do, and to have done to you. What experiments would you try if you could and if there were no limitations and no one judging you."
'One of the things I think about the three of us doing is with me on my hands and knees, my face against a woman's pussy. I eat her, lick her clit, and run my tongue in and out of her -- while you fuck me from behind. Your turn. What do you imagine we could do?"
"How about if she sat on my face while you were riding me? But that's sort of plain vanilla, doesn't get you intimate with a woman. Would you like to lick another woman's ass, or have her lick yours?"
Nora sighs. "Oh, God, yes. I'd like that very much. It would be so hot."
"Why don't we just think it over for a while, about whether we want to go there. If we decide to go ahead, we need to find a woman who's attractive to you and also interested in three way bi-sex. The number of candidates is probably small. But you're all the pussy I need or want. So this adventure is not about me having sex with a new woman, though I wouldn't turn it down. It's about expanding your horizons and letting you experiment with lesbian sex, no strings, no guilt. Just love and support"
A WEEK LATER
"James, I've been thinking. I've thought of someone who could be perfect for us."
"Who's that?"
"Do you remember Ann? We were close friends when we were in graduate school together. She did her thesis work on structural biology and I studied economics. She went on to get her MD and now she teaches at the medical school -- right here in Chicago. I've invited her to have dinner with us. Is that OK?"
"Sure. But why do you think she'd be interested in us?"
"Well, we used to fool around. Just a little, kissing, hugging, a quick feel. And when I invited her, she said yes right of the bat, said that she was lonely."
"Let's go for it!"
After we finish our meal, a very nice one prepared by Nora, we move into the den for an after dinner cognac.
Nora asks, "Ann, what have you been doing besides academics? And how could a beautiful, attractive young woman like you be lonely? That seems unreasonable."
"I don't really know. I've had boyfriends but they just didn't work out. Sometimes I think maybe I'm a closet lesbian. I haven't had sex for two years."
Nora and I stare at one another, momentarily fixed.
"Ann, James and I both find you highly intelligent, witty, cultured -- and very attractive. This is going to sound bold and it is, but would you like to come out of the closet a little bit and try some new experiences with us? Do you remember what you and I did when we were graduate students?"
"I remember it oh so well. It was naughty -- but exciting." She switches subjects. "Why don't you tell me about your and James' sex life."
"James and I are deeply committed to one another. For us, sex is passionate and fulfilling. On weekends, we watch porn and fuck like rabbits. Sometimes we do other things as well."
"Porn? Sounds like you use it as a sex aid. How you do that?"
"We record ourselves having sex -- and having sex with others. It's highly erotic. We watch and get turned on. The anticipation of what what we are going to do makes actually doing it even more exciting when we finally start. We have a bolster on our bed. I get on my knees and rest my forearms on it, then James fucks me from behind while we watch us on TV."
"So it's homemade porn?"
"Yeah. Would you like to watch some with us?"
"That would be ... interesting."
"James, will you get the drive with our favorite compilation on it? He's edited it so there's a series of vignettes. Let's look at it together, have another cognac, maybe get a little high. It would be fun."
I do. We sit, nursing our drinks and watch. What Ann sees makes her gasp with astonishment. She sees a white woman on top of a black man. They are locked in a sixty nine and he is frigging her butt. Ann sees a man fucking a woman who is sucking a second man. That scene fades into another one where the same couple are fucking and the first man sucks the cock of the second. She sees two men and a woman; she's eating their asses. She sees two men, one white, one black, cumming on a woman's face while she rides a third.
"Holy crap, Nora, the woman! That's you! And one of the guys is -- James! You guys are married! What's going on?"
"It's us with some friends. Let me explain more about our relationship and about some of the things we do."
"This is going to be very interesting."
Nora explains that we have a loving, passionate relationship but came to realize we wanted to do more. She says that we wanted to have new sexual experiences with new and different people. She describes how we met Adrian, who became her lover/mentor, and how the three of us have sex together. There's a lot more. Nora is getting excited. He eyes are shining and her breathing gets faster. Nora goes on to tell about how she got me to act out my bisexual fantasies while she watched and how she could realize hers about interracial sex.
"Wow Nora! That was just -- just mind blowing. Kinky! I never imagined people did anything like that. And I see that you like oral-anal sex."
"I guess it's my little fetish. Group sex and watching each other fuck and being fucked has changed our lives. James and I are more in love than ever. But we're liberated, free to act out our fantasies without feeling guilty or being judged -- just loved and supported. We're devoted to each other and very satisfied."
Nora makes her move. "I'm so turned on from telling you all this. I need James to make love to me. Right now. Ann, you can leave if you want -- or you can stay and watch."
"Nora, oh my God! Would you really do that? Let me watch while you two fuck? Would your husband let me? I've never actually seen two people screwing before. Yeah, I'd like to stay."
"Sure he would. You're going to get to see something very special, very intimate and very erotic. So, Ann, I want you do something intimate and erotic for us. You have to take your clothes off. That's the price. We want to see your body. We want to see you naked, as we will be. That'd excite us and make our fucking even hotter.
"You drive a hard bargain. But yeah, I really want to see it. I want to see you doing each other. So OK, I'm in."
We undress. Ann is beautiful. It's so exciting to see her like that with us. I lie on my back and Nora mounts me. She rides me very slowly and says, "Ann, it's OK if you want to masturbate."
Ann does want to. Nora continues riding me. It's so good to fuck Nora and watch Ann rubbing her pussy. We need to make this thing last. She begins to ride faster and says to Ann, "Do you remember how we used to fool around? Will you come over here and do some of those things with me? I want to kiss you and feel your breasts while James is fucking me, while he cums in me."
Ann sighs and joins us. Two women making out! This is unbelievable! I see them swapping tongues; and Nora's hands moving over Ann's tits, lightly tweaking the nipples. It is so intense. Neither of us can hold out any longer. Nora has a huge orgasm on me as I unload in her.
Afterward, we sit, still naked, admiring one another's bodies. Thinking and talking about what we have just done. A second cognac hits the spot. We feel relaxed and mellow.
"Ann, that was so beautiful, so erotic. Seeing you and Nora together while she was riding me. It's one of the most exciting things I've ever done. There's something we like to do after we fuck. Would you like to see us do it?"
"I can't think of anything that would get me more turned on than what I just saw. But, yeah, go ahead and do it. I want to watch."
I sit on the floor. Nora stands over me, dripping a little, and brings her cunt to my face. "He's going to eat his cum out of me. Then, we're going to kiss, swap it back and forth and swallow. I think it's a very giving, intimate act and we love it. Watch and enjoy!"
Nora and I do. It is satisfying as always but especially so tonight, performing in front of Ann.
I don't know what could top that. We have a third cognac. Probably we are getting a little high and that makes Nora bolder.
"Ann", she says, "this is risky but here goes. Would you like to really come out of the closet with us? Would you like to lick me?"
"Nora, ever since I was in college, I've wanted to lick a woman. I know if I don't do it to you now, tonight, I'll always regret it."
Nora lies in my arms and Ann kneels in front of us. There is electricity in the air as we anticipate what we are going to do for the first time. I lean over to kiss Nora and knead her breasts. We can hear soft sounds of Ann lapping at Nora's cunt.
"Darling, this is wonderful. Your first experience with another woman and you're sharing it with me. Thank you for this gift. This is just beautiful sex. I'll remember it forever."
Nora squirms and moans and wriggles as she gets tongue fucked. "Yeah, my first time. And I'm so glad you're with me too. My pussy feels so loved."
Finally, Nora spasms and cums on Ann's tongue. "Oh, that was wonderful. I enjoyed it so much. Thank you, thank you! It's getting late. Ann, would you please stay the night and sleep with James and me? It would be so good to feel you next to us. Tomorrow's the weekend. We can sleep in and then maybe think of other things to do."
The three of us go off to bed. Nora is right, it is so sexy to feel them next to me, to run my fingertips over their warm bodies.
Nora sits up. "I'm not as tired as I thought I was. I'd like to try something. I want to have a sixty nine with Ann. Ann, will you do that with me - please? It'll be a first for me too -- my first time eating a woman."
No doubt about it -- Ann is aroused. She hesitates, trembles and nods her agreement. It is so erotic to watch Nora get on top of her. Before they begin, Nora has a request. "Darling, will you get some KY and put your finger in my ass while we sixty nine?"
Wild horses couldn't stop me! I lube my index finger and put in Nora's rectum. She moans, grab Ann's cheeks and pull her cunt to her face. This sex is even more unbelievable. As I frig Nora's ass, I see Ann's tongue moving over the beautiful pussy lips offered to her. She alternates between sucking Nora's clit and tongue fucking her cunt. No doubt Nora doing the same things to Ann. And they come on each other's tongues. It's so exciting, but I'm having trouble staying awake. Nora and Ann disengage and the three of us fall asleep.
MORNING COMES
Nora is the first to awake. She nudges Ann to get her awake too. Then she shakes me. "Good morning, sleepy head!" She turns to Ann. "I want us do something else kinky, something that will start our day off right. Come and sit close beside me, on the edge of the bed with your legs dangling over the edge, like mine."
"James, will you get down and suck our toes? I want you to do that while we kiss and feel each other's breasts. I want to have her nipples getting hard in my lips while you do that to her."
I can't start fast enough. Nora and Ann start to kiss and love one another as I fulfill her request. I'm enjoying it immensely and so are they. They both have such sexy toes. I love taking them into my mouth, pleasuring them both this way. Ann says, "Nora, I'm really turned on by what you called your little fetish. Will you do it to me? Will you lick my ass? I've never done it that way before. Will you let me try?"
Nora is instantly turned on. Way on. "James, get the bolster for her. Ann, kneel and rest your arms on it. I'm going to give you your first rimming. Reach around and frig your pussy while I do you."
Ann assumes the position. Nora is almost breathless with excitement. Her eyes are wide. "James, watch me doing this to her. I want you to get hard seeing me eat a woman's ass for the first time. Then fuck me from behind." I sure do watch. Words can't describe how erotic it is to see Nora spread Ann's beautiful cheeks and put her tongue in her asshole. "Mmm, she tastes so good. I love doing her this way. Now I need to be fucked. Get inside me and give it to me."
How could I not want to! We are all fucking and being fucked, stroking and licking one another. Finally, we come. Ann on the tongue in her ass and the finger in her pussy; you from her ass around your tongue and my cock in you; and me, buried in your warm, welcoming, cunt.
"Oh my God, guys! Wow! That was ... it's hard to find the words to tell you how much I enjoyed it. All of it, all of what we've done together. I never imagined doing anything like that -- and with a couple even."
It's mid-morning on a weekend so we go out for brunch. Nora whispers in my ear. I nod in agreement. Nora says, "Ann, maybe you'd like us to introduce you to Adrian. He's handsome, kind and generous. I think you'd find each other attractive. And when it comes to sex, he has a very fertile imagination."
This we know.