Special thanks to DragoTime for editorial assistance!
Chapter 1. Lena Wriggles her Finger
"I like the way you handle a knife," she said.
I was chopping carrots, and her comment was almost enough to make me miss my aim and slice into my own finger. Because I knew she wasn't really talking about the knife.
We were students in a cooking class, and we had been paired together by the instructor from the beginning of the course. It was a wonderful coincidence, because otherwise I doubt that I ever would have gotten this close to her, much less have had a conversation with her. I realized she must live near me, because I had seen her exactly three times: once jogging, once at the local grocery store, and once sitting in a Starbucks. Each time was like being hit by a thunderbolt. As my eyes took in her gorgeous smile, then her erect posture and finally her long slender legs, I would find myself staring, but I couldn't take my eyes off her.
Each time I saw her I found my mind racing, wondering if I could make a play, find any excuse to meet her. But she seemed quite aloof and unapproachable, as many women with her striking beauty are. She also had a particular air of mystery, which made her even more desirable and unapproachable.
She was like one of those ‘total babes' that seem to have stepped out of a magazine, and who will be just as accessible as those models. So you can imagine my surprise and delight when she showed up in my Italian cooking class, and became my partner no less. I still need to thank the master chef for that.
During our first session, she had hardly spoken to me, and my lame attempts to start a conversation met a polite but chilly reception. She had a faint European accent, but I couldn't place it, and I was too intimidated even to ask what country she came from.
But by the third week she started to warm up. We joked about the class, and I found that she had a great sense of humor. I found her less reserved, though still reluctant to talk about anything personal. I had no idea what she did, nor where she lived, nor (most important) whether or not she was single.
It was during these classes that I began to fall for her in a big way. It was June, and she wore sleeveless blouses, so I could study the long line that her slender arms made from her shoulders all the way down to her delicate, sensitive fingers. Every once in a while, while cooking together, our arms would brush against one-another, and it would send an electric thrill through my entire body.
Her look was Italian, though it was clear from her limited knowledge of the Italian vocabulary that this was not her home country. She had wide cheekbones, full lips, and the sultry, luscious expression that one associates with the greatest Italian beauties. In one respect, she was different: while Italian women seem to gravitate toward the plump side, she was wonderfully slim, almost like a teenager, but with enough subtle curves to show that she was a woman (she was 25 but looked younger). In the end, it was her smile that captured me. It was so full and genuine, I found myself doing everything I could to bring it out. I was definitely hooked.
Little did I know that the cooking class was having a similar effect on her. Weeks later, she told me that she had hardly noticed me until I started chopping vegetables. When she watched my strong hands decisively handling the various knives, kneading dough, and handling vegetables, apparently she began to fantasize about those hands on her. She knew very little about me, but she realized that she wanted to be handled firmly by hands like that.
But she knew how to keep me off balance. Just when I was convinced that she had no interest in me whatsoever, she would come out with a provocative question, which never failed to take me by surprise. After her comment about my handling of the knife in Monday's class, I got up the nerve to invite her for a cappuccino after. To my surprise she accepted, and although she still kept her distance, I managed to get her to talk a bit about herself.
What I learned was at first discouraging. She had been married for almost a year, to a prominent Washington lawyer, Donald Major, whose name I saw in the paper from time to time. My heart sank. He was a big shot. But as we continued with our banter, she hinted flirtatiously that he was not enough for her.
Sensing an opportunity, I decided to be direct.
"Are you not satisfied?"
She stared at me, her cool green eyes boring into mine. After a long pause, and in a voice so soft I could barely hear it, she said "I wonder if any man could really satisfy me. A man should not wind a woman up if he's not able to finish the job."
I could hardly believe my ears. Things were accelerating fast, in an unexpected direction. I decided to be honest in return.
"Well, if that's what you need, it shouldn't be too hard. A woman like you only needs to wiggle her little finger and she can have any man she wants."
She acknowledged my compliment with an ironic smile on those sensuous lips. Again she paused, staring at me intently. Assessing me.
"But you see, I need a very special man. He has to be available, ready to come to me at a moment's notice." Despite her playful smile, her voice seemed quite sincere, even passionate.
I wasn't sure what was happening, but I decided that boldness was called for.
"Then today is your day, because you can call me anytime, anywhere. I'll be there."
"Is that so?" Her wide brown eyes were now practically boring into mine.
"Absolutely. I am at your service at a moment's notice, milady."
Following her lead, I used an ironic tone to indicate that I might be joking. But I was not joking, and her eyes seemed to spark at my use of chivalrous language.
"My card," I intoned, as I passed her one of my business cards.
She studied it carefully. The card informed her that I'm an architect, and showed the address of my home/studio, along with my office and cell phone numbers. She raised her eyebrow a fraction of an inch, and casually slipped my card into her stylish handbag – it looked like a Mark Jacobs. Moments later, with one last heart-stopping smile in my direction, she was out the door, leaving me there with a bill to pay and a foolish smile on my face.
A famous photographer once explained how it feels to be on a shoot with Marilyn Monroe. He said she exuded a raw sexuality that made every man in the room feel that, if only all the other men would leave, something extraordinary would happen. Without being so overtly sexual, Lena – for that was her name – made me feel the same way.
In fact, forget Marilyn Monroe. If given the choice, I was far more attracted to this slim, cosmopolitan young woman, with her air of mystery and her elegant manners. She had me by a chain, and all she had to do was yank it.
And that's exactly what she did, much sooner than I expected. At exactly 8:02 a.m. the following morning, just as I was sitting down to a cup of coffee, pondering the ingredients for a smoked salmon omelet, a text message popped up on my iPhone:
Come now 832 Q Street
I hesitated. Was it Lena? I didn't know her phone number, but the address was in upscale Georgetown, only ten minutes walking distance from my studio. It had to be her. My hesitation didn't last long, because moments later I found myself and walking up the hill in the direction of Q Street.
I had no meetings scheduled that morning, so if this was a wild goose chase, there would be nothing lost. I wondered what she wanted. Maybe just to test me, to see if I would really come? Or maybe to help her move a piece of furniture? Draw up a plan for her garden?
Possibly. But foremost in my mind were the words ‘come now' in the context of what she had revealed last night. Was it a double entendre? I would find out soon enough.
When I was a few houses away, my phone buzzed in my pocket. Another sms:
door unlocked come up stairs
Wow. Blood rushed to my face and to my cock at the same time. I was flushed with excitement and a little bit of fear, but clearly whoever does the thinking for me below the waist had concluded that moving furniture was not going to be on the menu. By the time I arrived at her door, I was half erect, and I was glad I had worn some relatively stiff pants, so my condition would not be obvious.
I opened the door without knocking, and found myself in a simple but elegantly appointed foyer, leading past an even more elegant living room to a polished hardwood staircase. Making sure to allow my footsteps to be heard, I mounted the stairs, resisting the temptation to take them two at a time. At the top of the stairs there were only three doors. The first two were shut. But at the end of a short hallway decorated tastefully with fin de siècle paintings, a door stood slightly ajar. A few strides brought me to the door, and slowly I pushed it open.
Lena lay on the bed, with her eyes closed. The bedclothes were rumpled, only half covering her charming body. And her sheer nightgown revealed more than it hid, with her shoulders all but bare, and the gentle swell of her breasts generously open to my gaze. A thousand possibilities raced through my mind. Was her husband on a business trip? Had she really called me here for sex? My circulatory system was sure it knew the answer, since my heart pumped more blood downward, increasing the pressure on my already straining pants.
She didn't stir, but I doubted that she was truly asleep. I took a few steps toward her, making sure that she could hear my footsteps on the wooden floor, then hesitated. Was she asleep? I was full of self-doubt. This seemed crazy.
Then, with her eyes still closed, Lena lifted her torso, raising her face toward me. And, ever so slightly, she pursed her lovely lips. There has never been a more subtle but obvious invitation for a kiss.
Thanking heaven that I hadn't eaten the smoked salmon, I sat on the edge of the bed, and leaned toward her. I could smell her. She smelled like a woman who has just woken up. It wasn't the scent of soap and shampoo, but her body's own lovely perfume that I detected. The scent of a woman in heat.
My lips grazed hers, softer than the finest silk. She responded with the slightest pressure imaginable, an infinitesimal opening, an invitation. Gently as possible, I stroked her mouth with my own, exploring her lips millimeter by millimeter. Then I held her head in my hands, and I covered her entire face with delicate near-kisses. She arched her neck upward, and rewarded my efforts with sweet little sighs. I nuzzled her bare neck, kissing her with more passion, while my hand traced lightly along her belly up toward her left breast. I could see the outline of her nipple now, its pink hardness pressing against the thin white cotton of her nightgown.
I didn't go directly to her nipple, though. Instead my fingers explored the underside of her small breasts first, teasing her, and only after she stretched her chest even further forward did I allow my fingers to strum the tip of her nipples, like the most delicate note on a guitar.
This time she made a lower sound, almost a guttural moan. She had gotten fired up fast. Finally she opened her eyes, regarding me with the same humorous superiority she had displayed the day before. Her features slowly resolved into a pleased smile, and at last she spoke.
"You came."
I smiled too, even more broadly. This was getting to be a theme. She reached for the top button of my shirt. I helped her, undoing the buttons as fast as possible without tearing my shirt. Before it was off, her delicate fingers were working at my belt, and getting the idea, I slipped off my shoes, socks and pants, and quickly joined her in the bed.
I was in paradise. My wandering hands discovered the softest skin on the most languorously generous body I had ever touched. I covered her loveliness with kisses, moving further down her chest to her flat yet rounded belly (how do women do that?), and then I returned to her face, devoured her with increasing urgency. Not letting me waste too much time on my mapping expedition, she found my hand and gently guided it between her legs. There I found she was surprisingly moist – even wet – and her reactions to every touch confirmed that she was already aroused. I realized she must have been masturbating before I arrived. This was not to be a cold start and a long drawn out foreplay. She was ready for action.
As if reading my thoughts, her arms now went above her head, and she arched her back in such a way that only a dunce would not understand. I grabbed the hem of her nightgown, and slipped it up her and off her in one smooth motion. She now lay back in the most open, classic pose that a woman is capable of. Accepting the invitation, I mounted her with all the eagerness of a missionary about to convert a heathen.
And a heathen she became – totally wild. As I slipped into her luscious wetness, her high, melodious grunts expressed all of the pent up emotions of a passionate woman and a nervous teenager. Somehow she combined the delicacy of a dancer with the urgency of cat in heat. Even entering her carried surprises I had never experienced, her tightness being that of a young virgin, but her wetness testifying to her wanton lust. As I continued to plunge into her with increasing speed, it was as though I could feel what she was experiencing, which only intensified the pleasure for me. This was not a woman who was mentally reviewing her shopping list while some guy was banging away on top of her.
I had never been with a woman who was so open to me. She seemed to have shifted to a dream state where she was pure sensation, feeling everything I was doing to her, and letting me do anything I wanted to her. I took her arms and pinned them over her head with one hand, allowing me to watch her breasts jiggle with every one of my thrusts. I pulled her legs up to her shoulders, penetrating more deeply into her womb. Her body folded in half with total ease, and she rewarded my efforts with the tip of her delicious tongue, which spurred me on even more.
I rolled to her side and scissored into her pussy from a new angle, while mauling her tits with both hands. She was as pliable as silk and again rewarded me with new sounds of satisfaction, which mounted in volume when my hand crept to her neck and held her captive there. This woman was a kaleidoscope of womanhood – an austere beauty from a distance, a bold seductress when luring me to her bedroom, a tremulous teenage girl when my body first touched her pink lips and lithe breasts, and now a sultry but submissive nuclear reactor who absorbs every movement of her lover until she's ready to explode.
It was a crescendo worthy of Tchaikovsky – with kettle drums and cymbals galore. I didn't know what to expect, but I certainly didn't expect this magnificent finale, a real life experience most people only dream about. She may be a little shy, but she takes her sex very seriously.
Exhausted, we slept for a half hour, and suddenly she rose and started walking to the bathroom. Seeing her like that was breathtaking...naked she was even more beautiful than I had realized. She turned to me as she slipped into the bathroom.
"I have to go soon. Can you find your way out?"
I was dismissed.
It was like a dream come true, but a strange dream. If anything, she was an even greater mystery. But I had just slept with a goddess, and I didn't care.
Chapter 2. The Plot Thickens
For two days, there was no word from her at all. Early on Friday morning, just like on Tuesday, a painfully brief summons arrived in the form of an SMS:
Come now
I came, as fast as I could. Again, the front door was unlocked, and this time I took the stairs two a time up to her bedroom. This time, though, I found Lena face down, waving her bare bottom high in the air. I paused, again unsure whether to proceed. She invited me with a playful shake of her lovely rear end.
No words were needed. She was magnificent, and she certainly brought out the best in me. I had never known a woman who was so ready, so determined to have me plunge right into her, without any seduction or foreplay. Clearly she must have been playing with herself before I arrived, because again her pussy was already sopping wet when I arrived. She must have been thinking about me, and started masturbating as soon as she sent for me. Maybe before.
I found this strange and new and erotic beyond belief. She was by far the hottest woman I'd ever fucked, not only in looks but also in bed. She had at least three orgasms before I came in a thunderous roar. I felt like king of the mountain.
She shooed me out again with barely a word.
Still not a single reference to a husband.
I was floating on air the whole weekend, even though I didn't hear anything from Lena. I could see that this was not going to be any kind of conventional relationship, but I was beginning to resign myself to serving a beautiful but quirky goddess. Every other girl I had known paled in comparison to one hour spent with her. And I knew I would see her on Monday in our cooking class.
Monday's class was another dream come true. She wore wide shorts that accentuated her skinny legs, and her tube top left nothing to the imagination, showing us all the exact shape of her high, perky breasts. She was in her late twenties but could easily be mistaken for a high school girl. Knowing that I had drilled her into her bed twice last week made cooking next to her an exquisite pleasure.
As usual, she was quite cool toward me. Anyone casually observing us wouldn't notice anything out of the ordinary. But occasionally she would let her fingertips dwell on my arm, brush by my crotch with her hips, or sneak me a glimpse of her sexy tongue.
I asked her if she would like to have coffee with me after class again, but she said she couldn't today, and disappeared without another work.
Wednesday morning I received my third summons. I was ready this time, showered, nicely dressed and wearing a little cologne.
But I needn't have bothered. She barely glanced at me when I opened her bedroom door at exactly 8:12 a.m. She was on her back and naked, and beckoned me to get naked too, as quickly as possible. As usual, she was already quite wet, and my rigid cock was deep inside her juicy pussy within 60 seconds of entering her bedroom.
Matching her urgency, I drilled her in the missionary position so hard that her head was banging against her headboard. She didn't seem to care, and once I found the right angle to smash her clit on every down thrust, the pitch of her moans started rising very quickly. For a woman who was so reticent in public, I was amazed at her willingness to vocalize every emotion in bed. Her slender throat, tendons bulging with her lust, was emitting moans that told me exactly how I was doing, and when her voice rose nearly to a screech there was no doubt that she reached her first orgasm of the morning.
Still rock hard, I pulled out of her and lay on my back, losing no time in pulling her on top of me. I wanted her to ride me, so I could feast my eyes on her undulating belly, her perfect peach-like breasts, and her gorgeous face. She looked me right in the eye and began to slide up and down my prick, which felt like it had grown two sizes that morning. I felt I was deeper inside her than any woman I had ever fucked, and she was just getting started.
Luckily we were making love silently at that moment, because suddenly we both heard the front door slam downstairs. Shit! Who could that be?
Without losing a beat, she rolled of me, pointed to a closet and said "get in there quick."
What? I heard heavy footsteps clomping up the stairs. Definitely a man. I rolled off the bed, swept up my pants, shirt and sandals into my arms, and stuffed myself inside the door she had indicated.
I closed it just in time. The bedroom door opened, and I heard someone march in. A man's voice.
"Honey, are you still in bed? I forgot my belt!"
Her husband? Christ! I had assumed they were separated, or at least he was away on a business trip. How could she do this?
The closet door had a central panel with slanted wooden slats, and I could squint through the slits, sizing up my competition. He was older than me, but he looked pretty fit, and he actually looked like a nice guy.
"Oh, you're always forgetting something these days," Lena's calm voice rose from the bed, where she appeared to be innocently lounging beneath the covers. "Are you sure this biking to the office is going to work, honey?"
"Yeah, I've just got to get used to it. Anyway, my belt's right here in the closet."
He was going to open the closet door? I was dead meat. My heart nearly stopped.
But he walked to the other side of the room, where there was an identical closet door. Of course, Donald Major would have his own walk-in closet! While he was rummaging in his drawers, I looked around me, trying not to make a sound. The closet I was in had only woman's clothes, so I was safe for the moment. And it looked like there was another door at the far end. Maybe it connected to a bathroom? Probably Donald had his own, too. His and Her bathrooms – how civilized!
Donald came back into the bedroom.
"Baby, you look hotter than you did when I left! I'm tempted to give you another round!"
"Oh, Darling!" Lena sounded surprised.
She seemed to hesitate. I wondered how she would put him off. Then a sensuous smile crept over her face, and with a pouty expression and a voice that dripped sensuality she said "...that would be verrry nice..."
"Maybe I'll just give you a little lick where you need it most."
If I had a camera, I could have gotten $1 million, no, $10 million, for a shot of the expression on her face at that moment. A thousand warring impulses...was it fear or excitement? But she never looked lovelier, either. So cool under pressure!
"You know I'll never turn you down on that offer," she said.
He pulled the sheets back, exposing her legs, and placed his face right where my cock had been two minutes earlier. If he noticed anything unusual, he gave no sign of it. On the contrary, he licked her eagerly, turning her on more and more, right in front of me. Watching her luscious mouth contorting with pleasure, while her hips twisted and her belly rose and fell with her breath, faster and faster, was the sweetest torture I had ever experienced.
But why doesn't her husband react to the fact that her pussy was so wet from lovemaking this morning...doesn't he notice that it's not just her nectar but also the fluids of a man that he's licking? The only reason he would not suspect anything would be if Lena and Donald were having sex that same morning before Donald left for work. Is that the reason she was always so wet when I came to her?
Donald raised his head and pulled away from her pussy. Whew, I thought, he's decided he has to leave.
But he just said "Baby, I can't leave you like this," and began stripping off his bike shorts. She smiled up at him as his cock sprung free of his pants, and without even taking the time to slip them off his feet, he plunged into her.
"You turn me on more every day," he said, while pumping up and down on her. I could see their pelvises smacking, they were going at it so hard. She began moaning in genuine passion, and her husband began to pick up the pace. I watched as she raised her sinuous legs toward the ceiling, only to let them fall back on the bed minutes later as she gave in to the feelings. I watched her breasts jiggle back and forth in time to her husband's thrusts. It was a beautiful agony, and it went on for what seemed like hours, though the clock's chime at 9:00 am told a different story.
Hearing the clock, Donald suddenly pulled out of his panting wife.
"Damn," he said. "I can't believe we're doing this. I'm so late! Sorry, honey, I've really got to head in now."
He pulled his shorts back up his waist, grabbed his belt, gave her nearly crimson face a kiss, and was out the door. He must have taken the stairs two at a time. A moment later I heard the front door open and then slam shut.
I was relieved, but I had no idea what I was going to do now.
"Come," she said to me, "you have a job to finish."
Whose job am I finishing, I wondered, as I opened the closet door, and climbed back into bed with my naughty lover. She was already at a peak of arousal. She turned over on her tummy and offered her delicious rear end to me. Within minutes she was once more vocalizing the intensity of her orgasm as her pussy spasmed again and again on my cock.
As usual, Lena said nothing to me after making love, and I realized that she wanted me to leave. Instead of exiting the bedroom the usual way, I took a detour and walked through her closet to her very feminine bathroom. It was a truly beautiful space, full of natural light and mirrors. I had to imagine seeing Lena in there, with her beauty reflected from every angle.
As an architect, I had to admire the design. How did they get so much light in here? Ah...because it had not only a skylight but also exterior glass doors. Letting myself out through the double doors, I found myself on an upstairs patio, with foliage and privacy. It was a secluded Eden in the middle of Georgetown, with its own staircase to the back yard. I walked down the stairs and started home, lost in thought.
So, her husband was in town after all, not on a business trip, as I had assumed. The scenario that Lena had painted over coffee really was the truth, not a joke. Maybe she just couldn't have orgasms with Donald, and, as a well brought up but highly sexual woman, she had finally cracked and taken a lover. But was she calling him every morning right after her husband had been making love to her? It couldn't be. No one is that cynical...if they normally made love in the morning, surely she would wash up first and call for Gabriel at lunch time or later in the day?
Chapter 3. Poor Donald
On Thursday there was no message from Lena. But I guessed that she couldn't go two days without her new lover, so on Friday morning, instead of waiting for her to beckon me at 8:00 a.m., I decided to take matters in my own hands. Shortly after 7:00 a.m., I walked briskly in the direction of her home, this time approaching from the back alley. Taking care to mute my cell phone, I hopped the low fence into the garden, and silently mounted the back stairs onto Lena's secret patio. I waited a few minutes, listening for sounds or movement from within. But nothing.
Screwing up my courage, I tried the door to Lena's bathroom. It was open! I slipped in, and crept carefully into the closet. The door on the far side of the closet was shut, but through the slats I could see all I wanted. Sure enough, there was Lena, and her husband again had his face locked between her legs. It was not quite 7:20, and Donald was already doing his best to warm her up.
This time, I was more mentally prepared to watch my lover in the arms of another man. It was such a pleasure to see her body naked and in passion, and I realized that from one point of view this was a rare treat. Watching her lithe form transform from inert lethargy into a thrashing tigress was a sight to behold.
Donald did not appear to be an inept lover, either. Perhaps a bit on the ‘eager to please' side, and fairly conventional, but he did seem to be giving her pleasure. He had his cock into her by 7:30, and things seemed to be moving along well, but even as his pace started picking up around 7:50, Lena's responses didn't seem to be matching his.
Then I heard her begin to moan. So...she was finally getting near climax? It was a little hard to tell. As her cries rose in volume and pitch, I compared those sounds to the sounds she had made with me. There was a difference. It lacked a certain inevitability. When she climaxed with me, it was like she was being dragged into it, and while it tended to last an amazingly long time, it actually hit her rather suddenly.
But here, it was building up slowly, rather theatrically. Theatrically! Oh my god, she's faking it. She's giving a performance!
And oh, what a performance. It was actually magnificent. If I didn't know better, I would have swallowed this performance as the real thing. Sure enough, poor Donald couldn't resist, and precisely one minute before 8:00 a.m., there he was, pumping his jism into her for all he was worth, while she was imitating a cat on a hot tin roof, spurring him to greater heights, getting him to come soon enough to get to the office on time. She really deserved an Oscar. I stared at her with a mixture of awe and admiration.
Poor Donald. With a sweet smile of triumph and devotion, he picked himself off the bed, gave her a kiss, and pulled on his biking clothes. I figured that he must shower at the office, because within a minute he was out the front door.
I watched as Lena sighed, with what seemed like a trace of disappointment. Then her eyes wandered over to the cell phone on her nightstand. She reached for it, typed a single word, and a moment later, I felt the faint buzzing in my pocket. I knew that word was "come". She needed to come.
Boldly, I opened the closet door and stepped into the room. She looked up at me, surprised but not startled. I smiled. She rolled her eyes once, hardly believing my effrontery. But then she looked back at me again, and this time all I saw was passion.
Now I understood why she texted me every morning the moment her husband left. She couldn't stand being left on the edge of the cliff. And she was tired of finishing herself off alone. She needed me to finish off what her husband had started.
This was why she never let me go down on her. This was why she was always so wet when I first entered her pussy.
At some level this was a lot to process, and I knew I would be spending long hours trying to understand and adjust. But right now, none of that mattered to me. All that mattered was this astonishing work of art who wanted me, now now now.
She beckoned me to the bed, and at last she spoke with an alluring smile.
"You're getting faster."
I was inside her in an instant, my boner of the last 45 minutes finally fulfilling its purpose. Again, I felt the amazing sensation when I was inside her, that I could feel her feelings with each movement I made. I wondered if it was some kind of telepathy. All I knew was she was so open to me. I felt such freedom inside her to explore her body, her sensations. And I was rewarded not just with her stunning body but also with her remarkable, almost musical resonance with my every motion. I built to a frenzy, fueled by a combination of jealousy, anger, passion and triumph. She matched my intensity, a savage captured on this bed and fucking every man who touched her. And as before, we peaked together in a smashing crescendo.
Ten minutes later, after my heartbeat had stopped racing and I could breathe normally again, she turned to me.
"Did you like watching?"
Instead of replying I kissed her passionately, then took my leave. This time, I was the one avoiding small talk.
I met her twice more the following week, carefully avoiding any overlap with her husband. But by now the pattern was obvious. Each time she called me, I arrived to find her pussy full of his seed, and she didn't bother to hide it.
She hadn't been able to reach orgasm. She needed the intensity, the lure of the forbidden, the aura of transgression. She needed me. That's what brought her over the top.
As for me, fucking her in her marital bed, knowing that her pussy was overflowing with his cum and mine, jacked up the sense of transgression for me too. I had been making love to a movie star. Now I was fucking a goddess who reveled in crossing the boundaries of mere mortals.
Chapter 4. Lena's Confession
After class the following Monday, she surprised me.
"Would you take me again for coffee?"
Of course I obliged, and in a quiet corner of the same café, and she finally opened up to me.
"Donald is a skilled lover, I'll admit, and before we were married, he was able to satisfy me. But when he was courting me, I still had a string of other lovers."
Now she lowered her voice. "He didn't know it, but Donald rarely fucked me when I didn't already have another man's cum dripping down my legs. Or, sometimes it was the other way, I would make love to him, knowing I had another lover waiting to see me in an hour. I thrived on the excitement and the variety.
"I had really become very used to having men at my beck and call, but I knew it was wrong. I resolved to become a "good girl" after we were engaged. But the question of fidelity never came up, and after just a few days of boring faithfulness, it was too easy to start seeing my other lovers again. This time I promised myself that I would turn over a new leaf after taking my wedding vows, because I really loved him and I didn't want to continue being a ‘bad girl'."
At this point I was burning to ask her, didn't Donald suspect anything? Didn't he notice that your pussy and thighs were slick with other men's semen? On the other hand, she was on a roll, and I didn't want to risk some kind of shame reaction on her part that would interrupt this fascinating story. I needn't have worried, because she answered my questions before I could even ask them.
"It was especially easy for me, too, because Donald was completely clueless about my liaisons. He did notice that my pussy was constantly wet, but he just figured I was unusually well lubricated. He even liked to make a joke of it, saying that I must find being with him a real turn-on, because I always got so wet as soon as he turned up. Amazing, really, that he didn't know the difference. He would even lick my pussy with other men's cum inside it, but since it was there almost all the time, he just thought that's how I tasted."
She smiled ruefully. "Which, in way, was kind of true. In those days, I really did taste of sperm constantly."
"After our wedding in San Francisco, Donald got an offer from a prominent law firm in Washington, and we moved into that beautiful house in Georgetown. None of my convenient lovers were close by any more, and it was easier for me to start fresh in my new role as the faithful wife of a prominent Washington lawyer."
She was looking at me imploringly with those wide, movie star eyes. I guess she really did feel guilty at some level, and she wanted someone to understand what she was going through. Who else could she confide in?
"But I had no idea what I was getting myself into. After the move, I could never reach orgasm. Well, except with my vibrator, but that doesn't count. At first I couldn't understand it. Donald had been able to give me orgasms regularly back in San Francisco. But finally I put two and two together, and realized that I had only orgasmed with Donald when I was being naughty, when my pussy was full of another man's sperm. Since that realization, I've been quite depressed. That was nine months ago, and I've been going quietly mad.
"Until I met you in our wonderful cooking class, and you made me that offer. For the first time since moving to Washington, I felt this excited glow in my belly. I remembered how wonderful it feels to invite another man into my bed, for him to pinch my nipples in a different way, to run my fingers over a fresh new penis, to feel that fresh eager hardness all over again, to know that I was so desirable that I could use one man after another."
Her voice had been quiet, but she made it even softer and yet more intense.
"Last week, when Donald came back for his belt, I knew you were watching us make love, and I almost came with him for the first time since our wedding. After he left, when you entered me again, I felt a visceral release inside me. It was like my soul had leapt for joy. I felt liberated. I had my old self back. I knew what I needed, and the climax I had with you that morning was like a jet plane taking off inside me. It was pure bliss."
She paused, looking out the window at the park across the street.
"It's the best feeling in the world."
This was quite a revelation. I was blown away by her story and her honesty. And humbled by my role in these events.
There was a long moment of silence while I let this sink in. But then somewhat shyly she turned back toward me. With a pleading tone I had never heard before, she raised her lovely face to mine and said "I need to ask you for one more favor."
"Anything," I answered.
Standing in her closet again the next morning, I wondered if I really should have promised her "anything." I had hardly slept that night, knowing that I had promised to sneak into her closet again and watch them making love. Did this make me a voyeur? No, I supposed not, since I was doing it against my will. She was the voyeur. No, I guess she would be called an exhibitionist.
It was more than that. She not only wanted to be watched, she wanted to be watched secretly, and then penetrated by the watcher when her husband had left. Pretty kinky. But she had begged me, with those big movie star eyes. I knew I needed to satisfy her or I would lose her.
Chapter 5. Lena's Desire Fulfilled
I was in the closet again.
She was on her back, and Donald had been on top of her already for 15 minutes when she asked him for a favor, too.
"Cum on the outside," she told her husband. "When you cum I want you to spray my pussy with your cum." She said this between grunts, as she began faking her orgasm.
This got Donald so turned on that he came soon after, pumping hard into her. After two spurts inside her pussy, she pushed on his chest and, with a smile on her face, and said "give it to me, Tiger!"
Only then did he remember her request, and he pulled his still twitching cock out of her engorged pussy. He roared and spurted several more times, surprisingly fat creamy gobs all over her hairless pussy, her belly and her thighs. He was clearly turned on by the novelty of her request, and by her wantonness.
When he had finished cumming, she looked down and admired his work. "Darling, I think you missed me when you were in New York!"
Donald smiled back at her, noticing the thick clumps of cum all over her belly and thighs.
"Yeah, Baby. I couldn't believe you were already asleep when I got home last night. I've been saving up for you!"
Then, quick as a wink, he wiped off his still dripping cock, slipped on his biking clothes and was out the door in less than two minutes.
I waited until I could hear the front door closing, and emerged from the closet. Despite my trepidation about what had just happened, my cock was hard as steel, tenting my pants. Lena's eyes went directly to the bulge in my crotch, and they widened with pleasure. "I'm glad you could make it," she said with a shy smile. "Do you enjoy watching me?"
I didn't answer. In two strides I was at the foot of the bed, tearing off my clothes.
She looked up at me with her puppy dog eyes. "I want you to lick my pussy."
She was testing me. She wanted to see what I would do. How much control she had over me.
I knelt down, my eyes between her legs. Her pussy, tummy and thighs were covered with sperm. It was all over her labia, the lovely tight tendon at the base of her thighs, and there was even more slowly dripping from her slit.
I had no choice. I leaned forward and plunged my lips onto her pussy, flicking her clit with my tongue. I figured that this way, anyway, I wouldn't have to really taste it that much.
But she insisted. "Lick it," she said. "Lick me clean."
So I did.
She almost came from this. It was so dirty, so naughty. I knew she felt guilty making me do this, but it heightened her pleasure. She was quivering with excitement as she made me, a man she hardly knew, demonstrate that I wanted her so badly that I would lick up her husband's sperm to get into her pussy.
I licked, I smeared my face in it. I swallowed, and licked again. It wasn't so bad...I've tasted my own sperm, and I don't know why women complain so much. More than anything, I loved seeing how it turned her on. She was thrashing about so much, I could hardly hold my lips on her clit. But it didn't matter. She was enjoying the feel of my face trapped between her thighs, completely submerged in their mingled juices.
But finally she relaxed her legs. "Fuck me now," she told me.
I lifted my head and slid up her now slick belly, grazing her tits along the way. I positioned my cock at the entrance to her pussy. As I slowly penetrated her, I couldn't believe how tight she still was. I had just seen her husband's cock at its hardest, pistoning into her a few moments ago, yet somehow she felt like a virgin, though a very lubricated one. Slowly, slowly, I let my cock inch its way forward.
She opened her mouth in an O shape, she was so hungry for me, she was so ready for me. I was still only halfway in when I decided to plunge hard all the way. I bottomed out in her pussy in one sudden thrust, while at the same time kissing her open mouth with my cum-coated lips. She gasped as she absorbed the sudden thrust, so her guard was down as my mouth merged with hers.
The taste of her husband's sperm being transferred to her lips from mine seems to have triggered something inside of her. She started screaming in orgasm, bucking against me and quivering from head to toe. A full body orgasm. It was a magnificent ride – I had never felt anything like it.
Something clicked in me, and I started taking charge of her. Without giving her a break, I kept pounding into her, while telling her whatever thought came into my mind.
"I'm going to invite my friends over here, and we're going to take turns with you," I said.
She moaned and spasmed, and I realized she had quickly had her second orgasm of the morning. So she was actually multi-orgasmic, but she just needed the right stimulus!
I fucked her harder. Then I murmured "You'll get a fresh cock every ten minutes. You'll have a cock in your cunt and one in your mouth the whole time."
She started screaming in fright and excitement. My cock was rock hard, it felt like it had doubled in size. For the first time, reached right to the bottom of her pussy. She was squirming so hard, she was practically twirling on the head of my cock, loving it. I had never heard her so vocal before. It felt fantastic turning her on so much. We were both sweating and I loved the feel of her slick, lovely body sliding against mine as a plowed deeper and deeper into her.
"More," she begged.
"I knew you would want more. Once my friends get to know you, when they see you on the street, they'll know they can take you any time."
Moan. Buck. Spasm.
"They can just pull you into an alley, or into the back seat of their car, lift up your skirt, and fuck you right there."
Each time I added another detail, she moaned, she squirmed, she screamed, and she came again. But as soon as I started talking again, she fell silent. She wanted to hear more.
"I'll bring them here, to your husband's bed."
Grunt. Spasm. Twitch.
"Not in the morning, but late in the afternoon. Just before The Donald gets home from work."
"Ooooh. Ahhhh. Unnnghh." Bucking.
"That way your pussy will be filled up and ready for your husband as soon as he walks in the door."
"Yessss." She almost screamed it as she came again. Later she told me she was practically coming the whole time, like she was using a Magic Wand.
"This time he's going to lick my come from your pussy."
"YESSSS!"
That drove her almost insane. She bucked against me like a real bronco, screaming nearly at the top of her lungs, jamming her pelvis onto my pubic bone so hard, it actually bent my cock so it was almost painful. With my cock bent up at this angle, it only took a few more thrusts for me to come, too. I splooged into her like never before, and we lay there until the sun was high in the sky, gasping for breath. I will never forget that morning.
She needed the excitement of two men to bring her to her sexual peak. If any other woman had asked me to do that, I would have refused. But she was so gorgeous, so sensual, so sumptuous, and so mysterious, I couldn't resist.
To be continued.