On an average Saturday night, the small bar would have been lively. Tonight was unusual. The bar was closed for the evening; it sat dark and silent waiting for a very unique private event to begin. Inside, on top of the long wooden bar, there were 13 boxes - all numbered. Their contents would soon be revealed.
When the guests arrived, 6 men and 7 women, they were instructed to choose a box, grab a drink from behind the bar, and get comfortable. They knew little about what the night would bring. The invitation was simple and read: Join us for an erotic adventure. Please bring your imagination.
By the time the host made his entrance, the guests had made themselves quite comfortable indeed. Thumping bawdy music filled the space, drink was free flowing, and inhabitations were fading rapidly. The crowd was ready for the show.
In walked the gentleman, in black suit coat and fedora. In his hand was a thin black lead attached to a lovely black collar - on the tall slender neck the girl. He guided her to the middle of the room and instructed her to have a seat on top of the bar. Dutifully, she climbed up and flashed a smile to the waiting guests. She was dressed quite simply - a tight black dress that barely that contained her shapely figure, fishnet stockings, impossibly tall high-heeled boots - her long unruly red hair was pulled away from her face but flowed down her back.
The gentleman addressed his guests, thanking them for partaking in the night's festivities. The purpose of the evening was revealed. He had been training his girl to be the perfect fuck - to give exquisite pleasure on command and to sweetly receive any of his carnal desires. Tonight he was presenting her and her talents. This task would take her to the next stage of her sexual journey.
The boxes each contained an item, an implement, to be used by the guest (along with the gentleman) to create a fantasy that the girl would perform for them. The gentleman removed this fedora and handed it to the girl. In her hand were several small slips of paper, numbers 1-13. She placed them in the hat and returned it to the gentleman's hand. He reached in and chose lucky number thirteen.
Guest # 13 opened her box. Inside was an exquisitely beautiful glass dildo, the length was not extraordinary but it had quite a large head. She was very pleased with her boxes' contents. The guest smiled at the gentleman. Her mind was racing. She was horny herself and wanted nothing more than to shove the beautiful toy between her legs and deep in her pussy. However, the opportunity inspired her. She whispered her request in the gentleman's ear. He grinned devilishly, took the lead off the girl, and told her to get undressed.
The girl walked to center of the room. The guests watched as #13 unzipped the girl's dress, it fell to the floor. The girl stood there, her voluptuous tits and ass on display in a black lace bra and tiny G-string. The guest whispered in the gentleman's ear, again. The gentleman then tells the girls to get down on all fours, which she does immediately. The guest takes a bottle of baby oil and lets it drip slowly, drop by drop, all over the girl's round ass. The shiny oil runs down her legs and drips off her pussy. Seeing that she is nice and slick and ready to go, the guest slips the dildo in the girl's hot wet waiting cunt. The dildo moves sweetly in and out of her pussy; the thrusts get deeper and deeper. You can see intense pleasure on the girl's face. The guests like the act so far and propose a toast to guest #13.
But that is just the beginning of #13's request. She wants to see the girl service her master while being pleasured. Of course, the gentleman thinks this is a lovely turn of events and removes his pants to reveal his already hard dick. The girl takes it in, every inch, pushing it down her throat again and again. The guests erupt in applause!
Guest #13 informs the gentleman that her girlfriend is also in attendance. And she is a skilled submissive, as well. The guest asks the gentleman if her girl can join the act. He smiles and warmly welcomes the addition. Guest 13 tells her girl to lick the gentleman's balls while his lady is sweetly servicing him. The guest's sub eagerly begins. Now the girl and the sub take turns pleasing the gentleman. Their tongues move up and down his shaft, intertwining. Their mouths meet in brief kisses at the tip of his cock just before they hungrily move back down to the base. They expertly take turns pleasing him from base to tip. While they work his cock, the guest is still fucking the girl quite nicely with the dildo and is now pleasuring her sub - three fingers deep in her pussy as she rubs her clit with her thumb. Both the girl and the sub are moaning with delight between slathering the gentleman's dick and grabbing quick breaths of air.
The gentleman then asks guest 13 how she would like to end her vignette. The guest wants the gentleman to bring each girl to climax and while he does so, she would like her girl to eat her pussy as she watches. Then she purrs that she would love to see the gentleman cum on her sub's tits and then would like to watch his girl lick it off for her. The gentleman thinks this is a remarkable ending.
The gentleman commands both girls to bow before him on their hands and knees, their foreheads touching the floor. He moves behind them, slips his dick into his girl's slick pussy and fucks her with powerfully while using the glass dildo to pleasure the guest's sub. The guest sub's face is buried deep in her master's pussy devouring her. Both girl's are aching to come, but must ask the gentleman permission. They do so breathlessly. The gentleman tells them they must wait a few moments more, so he may enjoy their sweet hot pussy for a little bit longer. A few more deep thrusts and he lets them release. He feels their cunts twitch with pleasure. And see the ecstasy on guest 13's face as she cums as well.
Now, the gentleman positions his girl in front of him and shoves his dick down her throat hard and fast; fucking her mouth with great intensity. The guest's sub displays her firm round tits to the gentleman. He grabs her left nipple and pulls her to him, takes his dick from his girls mouth, and suddenly the sub's tits are washed in his hot sweet cum. As requested, his girl eagerly laps it up for she loves her master's cum. She takes the subs tits in her mouth, sucking them and rolling her tongue around the nipples to get every last drop.
The crowd is astonished - and famished. Once the applause dies down, they take their seats at the table. The gentleman attaches the lead to the girl's collar and walks her to the table. He takes his chair, she sits on her knees at his side. The first course is served. There are 12 more boxes, 12 more adventures to go.