Nisha's college released a circular for changing some aspects in its functioning. One of them is the change of college timing to one hour later. The students had been asking it for a long time. The college being some distance away from the main city, this change was necessary.
For Nisha this caused some changes as well. She can wake up a little later and get ready along with the others in the family. This meant that when she was bathing, others might be getting ready for the day as well. They might go to the toilet which was also in the backyard.
Since her mother wakes up in her regular early time, it was mainly her father and brother who might come to the backyard. The backyard also had the wood stove. When someone is bathing, the next in line will put some water to heat in that. In the mornings water will be very cold to bath. They then fill the water in a bucket and use a cup to take bath.
When she was bathing, her father or brother come to the backyard. They see her in her petticoat. The petticoat sticks to the body while taking bath. It showed her every curve. This didn't cause any effect in her brother or her father as they are used to someone bathing in their petticoat.
But Nisha got excited when someone entered the backyard when she was bathing. She didn't show her excitement. She nonchalantly talked to her brother when he came around. She wanted to expose more of her. She can't believe she was thinking about exhibiting herself to her family. She was hooked, she wanted to do it anyway. But she can't be obvious.
Showing a tit or a wardrobe malfunction would be obvious, since it hasn't happened and will not happen under normal circumstances. She needed to think of something else. Just as she was planning, one of her petticoat formed a tear.
She wanted to buy a new one. She went to her mother's shop and saw some petticoat to choose. Her mother laid out the cheapest available in the shop. She didn't want to waste money on it. She chose a white one. Nothing looked out of the ordinary in the petticoat. After a few washes it showed why it is so cheap.
When she wore it to bath, it became transparent with the water. She could see her body with a white filter. Since the petticoat sticked to her body she was looking almost naked. Her boobs showed the nipples and areola. Her ass was showing too. She wasn't able to see her pussy though. The petticoat separated from her body there.
Her brother and father began to notice. It took a lot to keep herself from covering herself. If she covered herself when they were looking, they would know she knows. So she behaved as if nothing was out of the ordinary. She just keep on bathing when they were around. She even soaped in front of them, which made her boobs jiggle.
Her brother started spending more time in the backyard when she was bathing wearing that particular petticoat. He chatted with her while using the stove as an excuse. Her father couldn't say anything initially because he might embarrass her, but later on he started appreciating the view. He would also come chat with her about her studies and everyday activities when she was bathing.
They would look at her body from the corner of their eyes. They thought she wouldn't notice, but she noticed alright. She got horny more and more during her baths. Everyday after her bath, she would change to a dry petticoat and go to her room. She would get herself off and then get ready for college.
Her father and brother started seeing her in a new light. She wasn't a kid daughter or annoying sister anymore. She also was a young sexy girl. She had a beautiful body. She was "accidentally" displaying it to them. She loved the attention. She started wearing that petticoat more often. She even tore another petticoat so that she will have fewer options to choose from.
It was either her father or her brother who comes to backyard. It goes by a schedule depending on father's work schedule. So, both of them will not be in the backyard at the same time. This helped her cause.
This had gone for a while, but Parveen started noticing that her husband and some spent more and more time in the backyard while her daughter is taking her bath. She decided to check one day. She was shocked to see her daughter's dress in the backyard.
Nisha was wearing her white petticoat which Parveen bought for her. It was see through. She could see her boobs and it was sticking to her body like a second skin. Parveen was hitting herself for buying this petticoat for Nisha. Several thoughts were running through her head.
She was angry at herself. She was angry at her husband who didn't even try to stop her daughter from exposing herself. She was angry at her son for ogling his sister without saying anything. All that anger mounted on her in the nick of time, she started shouting at her daughter without making any sense.
"What are you wearing, to take bath?" Parveen managed to ask.
Seeing her mother Nisha didn't know what to do. She wanted to cover herself so badly. Hearing her mom shouting made her want to cover up even more. She however stayed as she is. She had to act and make her every move carefully.
"Why mom what's wrong? I am wearing my petticoat. You bought me recently remember." Nisha replied with her most innocent and frightened voice.
"From hereon, you must not wear it for bathing. Do you hear me?" Parveen shouted.
"But why mom?" Nisha acted some more.
"No buts. You will listen to me young girl. I will not answer your questions. It is for your own good. You know better than to disobey me!" Parveen threatened.
"But I..", Nisha started.
She was cut short by her mother's angry gaze. She kept her mouth shut.
"Now finish up and get ready for college." Parveen hurried her daughter.
Nisha finished up and practically ran to her room. She was happy it didn't get worse. She got ready and left to college.
Parveen went to her shop. She couldn't stop thinking about the things that happened in the morning. She was feeling bad about scolding Nisha.
She thought, "It wasn't Nisha's fault. She must not have known about the petticoat becoming see through. I bought her that petticoat. She was an innocent victim. My poor girl! My husband should have informed her or me. Irfan should have said something. Everyone in our house it at fault except Nisha and I had to scold her.
"I shouldn't have been harsh on her. But how was I supposed to have told her. She would have been embarrassed to hear it. She would also feel repulsed about her father and brother. I made her not wear it again. That's what is important", she thought and consoled herself.
Meanwhile at her college Nisha had some other thoughts regarding the incident. At first she thought about how easy she got out of it. She enjoyed the morning baths like that while it lasted. Then a thought struck her. She thought about what her mother said. Her dialogues ran through Nisha's head.
She understood what her mother meant because she knew that her petticoat was see through. What would an innocent girl who doesn't know what her mother was talking about do? She had an excuse to what she was about to do from tomorrow.