Hi, my name's Jodie. This is the fourth instalment of my story about how I was brought into the nudist lifestyle after my mom married Frank, an avid nudist. This also led to my sexual initiation and awakening.
In previous instalments, I described how my mother and I moved into Frank's big house with pool. After a few weeks of me clothed while they lived naked, I stripped for Frank and chose to join them in the nudist lifestyle. Frank is a very hot mature man. He rubbed suntan lotion all over my body when we were alone by the pool. It almost drove me crazy with lust. Being a gentleman, he didn't take advantage of my innocence. But I can feel sexual tension in the air when I'm around him. In the last instalment, Frank and mom demonstrated how a loving couple with healthy sexual appetites, make love. This led to an erotic three-way scene.
Let me describe myself. I'd say I'm just your normal suburban-raised American girl. I graduated from high school last June and I'm working full-time as a waitress to earn money for college. Boys have said I'm hot. My measurements are 36-24-35 and I'm five feet six. I've got natural, long blonde hair, just below my shoulders. I was a cheerleader and all that exercise and gymnastics made my body very tight and toned.
I've had a few boyfriends but nothing serious. We did kissing and making out but never gone all the way. With Billy, I gave him a hand job after our Prom party and he felt me down there. It felt good and he wanted to have real sex but I was saving that for somebody super special.
I can't wait to share with you all the things that's happened over the last few weeks. My life will never be the same.
After being part of mom's and Frank's love-making session, I felt guilty about losing my cool and begging my step-dad to play with my pussy until I had an orgasm. It was so immature of me. But looking back, I was simply going mad with lust. In the days following, none of us mentioned what happened. We had crossed a forbidden line. All of us knew that I would have willingly let Frank deflower me right then in the heat of the moment. I was too young and didn't have the moral strength to overcome my body's needs. My sense was the group sex lessons were over until I could show more restraint.
But the horny images stayed in my head. I remembered mom sucking Frank's penis with such enthusiasm and him pleasuring her orally. I've masturbated almost daily since with those images in my head. When I recollect the part where Frank mounts my mom doggy-style, I often go onto my hands and knees on my bed with my bottom high up. It's my go-to position. I reach under, between my legs and finger my pussy until I scream into the pillow as my body rocks with a big orgasm.
My body was needing sex. The boys I knew and men in general seemed to sense it. All of a sudden, they were buzzing about me with obvious interest in being with me. I didn't think I was acting differently but somehow, they knew. Sure, I was more open to talking with men and I started dressing sexier, not like a slut, but just more feminine. Maybe this was all in my head, but my world seemed to be changing.
The next weekend we had another nudist pool party. Early in the evening, a new lady, named Rosemary, was chatting with me. She was a foxy forty with a beautiful face and killer body. Unlike most of the nudist women her age, her pubic area was cleanly shaven. Her manners were very direct. She had the habit of touching me as we talked. Nothing sexual, just the odd squeeze of my upper arm when she made a point or a hand on my lower back to guide me to the refreshment area, that sort of thing. She was a high-powered CFO of a local company. That made me think the touching was just a pleasant extension of her controlling nature. I did feel a bit unease standing close to her. Normally, being nude with a nude mature woman didn't arouse any sexual feelings. But with this lady, my nipples were just as diamond hard as when I talked with nude men. I could see her breasts were aroused too and she seemed to be flirting with me. I thought it must be all in my imagination.
When I mentioned I had a doll collection, she said she also collected dolls to since she was a little girl. She asked to see my collection. I naively agreed, and we went up to my bedroom.
Rosemary said, "Why don't I close the door. The noise from the party is so loud." It didn't seem too loud to me, but I didn't want to say no. After all, she wasn't a man that might have wanted to take advantage of a young girl. She was a woman.
I led her over to the display case with my precious dolls.
"This one is kind of beat up because it was my doll from when I was two years old. The others were given to me by mom and my grandmother. This one is over a hundred years old. It was passed down from my great-grandmother." Rosemary oohed and awed as I described them.
Rosemary put her hand over my shoulder and gave me a hug as we stood side by side. I could feel her breast on the side of my arm. That was a new sensation. She said, "This is a great collection! Wow, so many great dolls that were loved by so many young girls." She slipped her hand to my waist and pulled our hips together.
"Yes, I love them all."
"Do you mind if I hold this one that was yours as a child? It looks so cuddly."
"No, go ahead."
She picked it off the shelf and gave it a sweet kiss and said, "Why don't we sit on the bed and chat girl to girl?" She put a hand on my lower waist and strongly guided me. I didn't feel I could say no. She has such a commanding way about her.
She sat with her feet together on the bed and her knees splayed far apart in a yoga-type pose. My face blushed as I looked down and saw her clean-shaven pussy lips visibly opened wide like a flower with her vagina opening in the center.
I sat politely with my legs to the side.
She looked me in the eyes and said, "Why don't you sit like me. It's a yoga position that's great for hip flexibility and channeling your yang energy."
I was embarrassed to expose my sex but followed her lead sitting facing her with my knees spread wide. She leaned forward and put a warm hand on my knee as she continued.
"Isn't the nudist lifestyle so wonderful. My wife and I just love it."
What she said hit me like a bombshell. Her wife? She must be a lesbian. Holy jeez, I knew a couple of gay girls at school but never was nude on a bed with them.
"Jodie, you have a beautiful, attractive young body. You should be proud of it."
I squeaked out, "Thanks." My mind and body seemed frozen. What should I do? I didn't want to run away like a little child and insult her sexuality. I'm not anti-gay. Plus, I've been a bit curious about girl on girl sex. I wasn't sure if Rosemary was coming on to me or just being friendly. She squeezed my knee. My nipples hardened.
"Yes, your breasts are so nicely shaped." She reached out and cupped one. This sent a wave of pleasure over me and I closed my eyes. Her other hand cupped my other breast. "Yes, very, very nice." With the knowledge of a woman, she massaged with maximum effect. I was soon panting with erotic passion. "Why don't you feel my breasts, Jodie."
In a panicky, little girl voice a whispered, "Gee, I don't know."
"Come on. I'm sure you've always been a bit curious of what another girl's breasts feel like. It's totally natural. Give it a try."
She was right. I had wondered. She took my hand and brought it to her chest. The skin felt impossibly soft and warm. She moved my hand under to cup her breast and I felt its weight. I noticed her nipples were diamond hard. Looking up into her face, her eyes were closed, and she licked her lips in a sexy way. Wow, I could see she was getting very turned on. She moved her hand away and I massaged her breast. Her hand was back to my breast and tweaking my nipple. That sent and electric shock to my brain and crotch. I felt her hand slide from my knee up towards my private parts. I held my breath.
Suddenly the door flew open and a muscular, short-haired woman nudist stood looking very angry at the doorway.
"There you are Rosemary! I've been looking all over for you." She stood with her strong legs apart and her hands on her hips.
Rose looked up guiltily and said, "I was just looking at Jodie's doll collection."
She barked with military command, "I bet you were. It's time for us to leave. Let's go."
Rose seemed to cower at the command and got off the bed. She turned at the door and waved goodbye silently as she exited.
I sat there in shock trying to figure out in my own mind what had just happened. Rosemary was such a nice lady. I felt she was just being friendly. Soon, I just put on my headphones and listened to music while texting my friends and going onto social media. I didn't go back out to the pool party. I've found when it gets late, some of the men drink too much and often touch me 'accidentally' especially underwater when I'm in the pool.
Later that week, Rosemary called me and invited me over to see her doll collection. That seemed like a good idea but when I mentioned it to mom, she said I shouldn't go. She wouldn't say why but was very insistent.
One night, mom said, "You remember that the couple who had mentioned their 23 year-old son? Frank and I invited them over for dinner tomorrow night. Their son is coming too. He is taking a post-graduate degree and they showed me a picture. He's a good-looking lad. It's time you started going out with more mature young men. Those male friends you have now are just boys."
I couldn't believe mom was trying to hook me up. "Mom really, I don't need you to do that. I can find somebody myself."
"Sure, you can. But it won't hurt you to meet this fellow. Plus, his family is into the nudist lifestyle. To me, that means he will have a healthy attitude about the human body and sex."
I knew I couldn't argue her out of it, so I asked for his name, Graham Newcrest. I went up to my room and searched the web for his profile. His photo was pretty hot. He wasn't into team sports, but he looked like he was fit. Oh well, I thought, no harm in meeting him.
The next day mom told me the family was coming over at 6:00 PM. It was hot in the evenings, so she was planning dinner on the patio near the pool.
Then she shocked me by saying, "By the way, this will be a nudist dinner... for everyone"
"Mom, please no." I begged. "I've never met this guy. How can I be nude when we're meeting for the first time? I'll die."
"Nonsense, young lady. What is there to be embarrassed about. The human body is natural. Your body is beautiful. What better way to meet a man that may become your life partner?"
I ran upstairs in a huff and sulked in my room. Gradually I got my head around it. Graham had likely spent his whole life in nudist living. He wouldn't think twice about being nude. I'll be the only one there who'd be self-conscious. Resigned to it, I passed the time by painting my finger and toenails a bright red. Then, I showered and fixed my hair. Out came my new open-toed sandals. They are white with a thick cork sole that has a three-inch heel. Looking over my shoulder into my mirror, I could see that they made my calves look very nice and raised my bum-cheeks up in a sexy way. Even though I couldn't wear sexy clothes, I was determined to look my best, just in case this Graham was THE guy.
I heard some voices through my window and looked down from my second story window at the back yard below. There was mom and Frank showing the three guests to the patio table. They must have changed in the house because they were all nude. I got a sudden burst of adrenaline. Jeez, could I just walk up naked and say 'nice to meet you' to that nice looking guy. I paced back and forth for a few minutes and then screwed up the courage to go downstairs.
Mom was in the kitchen. "Hey Jodie. Help me out. Carry this tray of food out to the table. The Newcrest family is here. Graham looks like a handsome, nice guy."
I was relieved that I could carry something out and look casual rather than walking nude as a jaybird across the patio to the people. Mom and I carried our goodies.
When we got close she shouted gleefully, "Hey folks, Jodie's here. Come and meet my wonderful daughter."
Frank and the other father were standing already. The mother and Graham stood up. He was tall and very handsome. Better looking in person than his Facebook profile. I stood with my tray hiding my lower body just staring at him.
Mom rescued me from my daze. "Jodie, here let me take that tray. Frank, you introduce Jodie to our guests."
I fought the urge to cover myself. Being nude in front of Graham, a hot young person close to my age, sent me back to how shy I felt when I first exposed my body to my parents' nudist friends. The last month of getting accustomed to the lifestyle suddenly went out the window.
Frank put his hand on my back and pointed his other hand to Graham's parents. "Jodie, this is Lydia and Jacob. You must have seen them at one of our parties. But I don't know if you were introduced." I gave them a limp handshake. "And this is Graham, their son."
I blushed and squeaked out a nervous, "Hi. Nice to meet you." That sounded so lame. Jeez, I thought, what would he think of me?
Graham was quick to break the tension. "Hi Jodie. It's great to finally meet you. My parents kept talking about this wonderful girl that I should meet. Your parents were telling mine how great you are. I'm now on summer break from university." His voice was mature and confident. His being totally at ease started to put me at ease. I offered him my hand to shake. He just looked at it and smiled, "Hey, let me give you a big, 'nice to meet you', hug." He closed the gap between us and wrapped his strong arms around me. Our chests mashed together and his was muscular and felt oh so right. I'd never been naked body-to-body with a man. It was so sexy. I felt small but secure in his arms. He stepped back. I was blushing a million shades of red. My hands were in fists as I fought the strong urge to use them to cover my private parts. I felt like such a little girl.
Frank spoke up, "Jacob and I are going to go over and barbeque the steaks." I noticed Graham's father had a stiff erection as he turned and walked away with my step-dad.
Mom said, "Lydia, why don't you and I go to the kitchen and make a salad. Let the young folks get to know each other."
I instantly knew this was a big plan to let us be alone. But that was fine with me. Graham pulled a chair out from the table.
"Jodie, why don't we sit and chat a bit. I'd love to hear all about you."
The chair was pointed sideways and Graham pulled one over and sat directly facing me with legs in a wide 'man spread'. His impressive male equipment was proudly and casually displayed. Graham's handsome face grinned at me in a super friendly manner. My legs were crossed at the ankles with my knees together. I kept my hands on the arms of the chair as to not seem prudish by covering my breasts. My brain was pretty much scrambled from the sensory overload and the instant crush I felt for this man.
Graham, bless him, broke the ice, "I understand you're taking a break year before going to college. I think that's a great idea. Best to regroup after high school and make a good choice about what career you really want to aim for."
I was staring into his eyes in a daze, just catching the last part of what he said. Realizing I should respond, I blurted out, "Yes, that's what I'm doing." I almost crawled under the table. That was such a lame thing to say.
Graham sensed my discomfort. "Hey, why don't we take a quick dip in the pool before dinner?"
What an amazing idea. I said in my normal cheery voice, "Great idea." I got up and screamed, "Last one in is a rotten egg." We both ran like kids, as fast as possible and leaped in to the pool with a big splash. The moment I hit the water my whole attitude changed. I was in my element in the water. Graham came up from under with a huge smile.
He shouted in glee, "YES! I love the water." He splashed me with both hands.
I gave a cheerleader loud scream of joy, "I love the water even more than you!" And I splashed him back as much as I could. We had a splashing war like a couple of kids for few minutes until we stopped and hugged each other laughing our heads off and catching our breath. From that moment on, I felt at ease around Graham and it was that moment that I fell head over heels in love with him. My heart just seemed to fill up with immense caring and trust. It's impossible to explain how it hit me like a ton of bricks. Only a woman can really know.
We swam for a while. Graham is like a dolphin in the water. Occasionally, we touched but it was always just a natural thing. I never felt that he was groping me, quite the contrary. He was always a perfect gentleman. I was all just good-natured fun.
The parents brought over the food to the table. Graham and I toweled off. His body seemed so perfect as he dried himself. I made a special point of facing him and lifting my chest up to make my breasts as attractive as possible when I dried my hair. I wanted him to want me and see I was a real woman. His eyes drilled into my chest confidently as I took my time to finish. A surge of adrenaline hit me when his gaze went to my crotch and his penis thickened. My head was spinning, and I took his hand for balance as we walked over to our parents who we already sitting at the table.
I don't remember too much of the dinner other than I think I was talking too much. It may have been the two glasses of wine I had. This was double my previous amount. But, I was in such a happy mood. Graham sat opposite me and he seemed to glow. His smile lit up the night. Everyone seemed to have a great time. After the meal, Graham and his parents dressed and left. I could have kept going until the wee hours but I'm sure the parents had planned for Graham and I just to meet and see if we were compatible.
Graham gave me a big hug before he left and said he would call. As he walked away my heart sunk as I worried I would never see him again. Mom saw my distress.
She said, "I see you really like Graham. He's a great guy." I looked down with a worried look on my face. Knowing me, she consoled me, "Don't worry. I could see how much he liked you. I'm sure he's going to call. You can bet on it."
I went up to my room and slid under my cozy bed quilt with my head filled with images of Graham.
The next day, wonder of wonders, he called and invited me out to a movie. He jokingly said he wanted to check me out with clothes on. We both had a big laugh about that. We had a burger at the local diner and saw a comedy movie that was pretty lame. I loved it when he put his arm over my shoulder. I snuggled and lay my head on his chest in the darkened theater. His hands never went to any of my private parts, but the sexual tension almost made me breathless. When he drove me home, we kissed passionately in the front seat of his car. He ran his fingers through my hair but never touched my breasts. Lust filled my brain and I almost took his hand and put it on my breast, but I didn't want him to think I was a slut. When my feelings got too wild to contain, I broke free, said a quick goodnight and fled the car to the privacy of my bedroom where I masturbated thinking of Graham until came in a huge, explosive orgasm.
We talked every night on the phone after that. Graham is such an interesting and intelligent guy. I love hearing him talk. We never talked directly about sex but did mention the nudist lifestyle. He had been in it since he was a baby and was totally comfortable with nudity. I did say that I had noticed he had shaved his pubic hair and asked did he like it when a girl shaved hers? He said yes. The moment I got off the phone my fingers flew to my pussy and I pleasured myself. Then I shaved my crotch completely bald even up my crack and around my anus. Running my hand over my silky, smooth skin turned me on and I masturbated again. The next night I told him I had shaved my private areas. I hoped he would understand I was preparing myself for him. He just said thanks. I was so ready to experience real sex.
Mom and Frank were having a big nudist pool party on the weekend and that would be our next date. I couldn't wait.
It scared me when in my waitress job, I was getting so turned on by sexy looking men. My pussy was almost always wet and ready. As they checked out my body, I instinctively lifted my breasts up and my ass swiveled as I walked. My nostrils flared as I breathed deeply. I knew they could sense my carnal reaction. Several asked me out. It was tempting but whenever I was close to accepting, I would close my eyes and think of Graham. He was the one I wanted to offer myself as my first lover. In my heart I knew that if he didn't do something soon, I couldn't resist other men's advances much longer. I was just too fucking horny. My body had developed a sense of sexual urgency that was growing.
On the night of the big party, about twenty nudist couples were already there before Graham and his parents arrived. I'd been out helping with drinks and snacks. They changed out of their clothes in the house and it was such a joy to see Graham come out of the patio doors. He gave me a sweet hug and kiss on the lips. I gave his parents an air-kiss and then Graham and I went off hand in hand to a quiet area of the garden apart from the main crowd of people. It seemed like forever since I'd been with him even though it had been less than a week.
We faced each other holding both our hands. Looking up into Graham's eyes, it felt a wave of joy just being close to him. His eyes were locked on my bare breasts and I couldn't be happier that he was checking me out. I hope he sees where I shaved my pubic hair just for him. My body was his to view or touch, whatever he wanted.
"Graham, I've been so wanting to see you. Thinking about you has been driving me crazy."
"Me too Jodie, you're on my mind all day."
"Really? Wow, you just made my day." My heart was pounding, and I felt like such a teen with a big crush on because that's exactly what I was. The next stretch of time is a blur. I remember we made small talk and then pressed our bodies together while kissing sweetly. We were in our own little world. When Graham slid his hand down to my bare bum, I got dizzy from the shear pleasure of his touch. I held on tight to him to keep from swooning. I could feel his stiff erection against my stomach.
Graham whispered in my ear, "Jodie darling, I love holding you but it's best we cool it for now. At a nudist gettogether everything it out in the open, if you get my drift." I looked up quizzically. "I mean down there." He looked down at his big, stiff erection.
"Oh shit, yes. Of course, I get it." I felt so dumb.
Looking around, I noticed that a few couples had come over to our area of the garden. We weren't alone any more. I even saw Graham's parents about fifteen feet away. His father has a sizable erection himself. They looked away guiltily when I looked over at them. They must have been enjoying our romantic moments.
Graham turned his back to the people and said, "Let's go and get a drink and some appetizers but first I have to stop thinking about your sexy body so my penis will go down. Touching you is so incredibly sexy. You make me crazy."
I stood beside him facing towards the fence until his penis returned to a relaxed position. He is so confident and casual about sex. The hot blush on my face took that long to go away.
We went to the drink table to get a beer and then to the food table for some snacks. There was some rock music playing and several couples were dancing. It's amazing how comfortable these nudist folks are about being naked. This party was like any other but with no clothes. I'm still self-conscious about it. Hopefully I'll get used to the nudity.
Frank came over to chat. "Hi Graham." They shook hands. "Great to see you. I'm glad you and Jodie are getting along. She's quite a catch."
I squealed, "Frank, stop it!"
"I mean it. You're a sweet, beautiful woman."
Graham piped in, "She sure is. I'm falling head over heels."
I was speechless and gave Graham a big hug and kiss for being such a nice guy. And then gave Frank a hug too for being such a great step-dad.
"Frank, is it okay if Graham and I go up to my room so we can talk in private?"
He hesitated. "Hmm. I don't think that's a good idea, sweetheart. Why don't you go down to the rec room?"
I needed to be alone with Graham so bad. "Sure, Graham why don't we go there to talk." He nodded yes.
I took his hand and dragged him to the house and down the stairs to the rec room. I turned off the light so that only the light from the stairwell was on. There is a big L-shaped sofa. We sat down with me at the far end to his left. We immediately started kissing passionately. It was pure heaven. Graham wrapped his arms around me and kissed me deeply. I put both my hands on the back of his neck to give him complete access to my body. His strong chest against my breasts was crazy making.
I gasped for air. "Oh Graham, I love you so much."
"I love you to Jodie. My sweet, sweet Jodie."
I kissed his neck and shifted back so he could hold my breasts. They needed to be fondled. Glancing down I could see his penis was semi-erect. I oh so wanted to touch it but didn't want him to think I was a slut.
He leaned back on the sofa with just his arm over my shoulder. He must have gotten the wrong impression when I leaned back, thinking I wanted to stop.
He said, "Your parents are really cool. Your lucky." I could see his penis had relaxed again. Again, I was thinking he was so strong and at ease with his sexuality while I was just vibrating. He knew I would do anything he wanted but wasn't taking advantage of my inexperience.
"Yes. They're great." I agreed.
Graham looked me deep in the eyes and said, "Jodie, you are so wonderful. I'm totally falling for you and want you so much. I know you're a virgin and when everything is right it would be my honor to be your first and hopefully last lover."
"Oh Graham, darling. How did I get so lucky to meet you? Yes, yes I want you to be the one." I kissed his shoulder in adoration.
He put his hand on my thigh. "Why don't I explore your beautiful body. Is that okay with you?" I kissed his shoulder two times as a sign of approval.
In a low masculine voice, he said, "I've been admiring your beautiful breasts. Let me feel them." His voice was so sexy and him describing what he was doing was so erotic.
He cupped my left breast and I gave out a small moan.
"Do you like when I feel your breasts love?"
I whispered, "Oh yes. It feels great."
He massaged each one in turn and then rolled my hard nipple in his fingers.
That caused me, in a much louder voice, to say, "Yes, yes. That's unbelievable." My pussy was getting so wet. I could smell my love juices. I hoped he would touch me there. Looking down, I could see Graham's glorious manhood standing at attention.
Suddenly, I could hear voices on the stairs and footsteps coming down to the rec room. In through the door came an attractive couple that looked to be in their mid-thirties.
The man said, "You folks mind if we hang down here?"
With his hands still cupping my breast, Graham looked over his shoulder and said, "No problem man, make yourself at home."
Graham whispered in my ear, "Don't worry sweetheart, we do this all the time at university in the frat house. It's all good."
He gave me a good hug and over his shoulder I could see the couple immediately sit with the lady closest and the man on the other side of her facing us. They immediately clung to each other in a passionate embrace. The man was looking straight at me when he grabbed his partner's slim naked ass-cheek and gave me a brazen wink. I blushed and dropped my eyes just as Graham dropped his head to my breasts and took a nipple into his hot mouth. I couldn't help but close my eyes and moan as the sensation was mind-blowing. I could hear a feminine giggle from the other side of the sofa. She must have heard me.
When I opened my eyes, I could see the woman had grasped her partners penis and was stroking it slowly. The man was still staring at me and this time he smiled and licked his lips. He was obviously enjoying his lady's touch. It came into my mind that Graham deserved that kind of pleasure. When he raised his head from my breast to kiss me, I slipped my hand down to his big erection. It was like velvet over granite.
He whispered into my ear, "That's feels great Jodie. Is that the first penis that you've touched?"
I lied and said, "Yes." There was the one time after the prom. I felt the girth and length. "Oh my, it's so big." That second part was no lie. It was a lot bigger than the fellow's at the other end of the sofa. I stroked it up and down clumsily. I didn't know what to do. "Sorry, Graham, am I doing this right?"
"Yes, that's good. Just up and down real slow."
It made me so happy to give Graham pleasure. I kissed his neck and ear. His breathing picked up and I could feel his heart racing under my lips on his neck.
He said loud enough for the other to hear, "Just hold my balls nice and lightly." I cupped his ball-sack and the eggs inside rolled away from my grip. Graham was so casual around sex. It was like he wanted the other couple to hear what he was saying.
"Jodie, come up and sit on my lap." He reached down and lifted me onto his lap with my legs towards the other couple. We kissed a deep French kiss that made me a little dizzy. All the wonderful sensations were overwhelming my senses. Graham's hand started massaging my breasts again. When I opened my eyes, I could see that the other man was ogling my chest which was now totally open to his gaze. Maybe I should have been offended but it really turned me on.
Graham put his hand on my knee and said in a voice that carried in the quiet room, "Now, I'm going to feel your virgin pussy, my love. Spread your legs." I looked over at the other couple whose faces were now both turned our way. It must have turned them on to hear that I was a virgin. Graham could have asked anything and I would have obeyed. I was his. I spread my knees wide and the couple's eyes drilled into my crotch. Graham push my outer knee further out so they could get a better view before sliding his hand up my thigh to my eagerly waiting pussy. It was like he was showing me off. An electric shock of pleasure shook my body when his hand reached my girlie parts. I gave out a big animal groan.
His deep voice again, "Is this the first man's hand to stroke your sweet pussy?"
Breathlessly I panted, "Oh, sweet mercy, yes."
He slid his fingers up and down my slit. It was so delicious. All of a sudden, I could feel the sofa moving in a rhythmic fashion. The woman had mounted her sitting partner and was impaled on his penis while swiveling her hips and rocking wildly to get every bit of friction. They must have gotten extremely turned on by see my virgin pussy. Watching them fuck was so erotic. I had seen porn on my computer but watching it live was amazing. The woman was in another world of pure lust. The man was like an animal. His face was so intense, and his nostrils were flared. Just as he was having a huge orgasm, he looked over at my crotch and Graham removed his hand to give him a good look. The woman also screamed out almost simultaneously as a strong orgasm shook her body.
I couldn't take it anymore. I grabbed Graham's hand and pressed it to my pussy.
I begged, please baby. Oh please.' He's such a great guy that he expertly brought me to the best orgasm in my life in no time.
It took me a few minutes to recover. The other couple got up, took a few tissues from the dispenser, cleaned up and left but not before saying thanks to us.
I sat back down beside Graham and looked up into his handsome face. "Graham, what can I do for your pleasure? Just ask. I'm yours sweetheart."
No it's okay. Hand jobs are for high schoolers. I want to make love to you properly like a man and a woman. Today, is not the time." I could see his penis had become flaccid. We went upstairs, and Graham got dressed and drove home. I swam for a while to cool off. The couple that had been downstairs came over.
The woman said, "Hi, remember us. We were the folks downstairs with you and your boyfriend. My names Beth and this is my husband Rick."
I replied, "Of course, yes, wow." I was flustered and didn't know what to say.
She continued, "You bet it was a big wow. You guys were very hot. Is it really true you're a virgin? We couldn't help but hear."
"Yes"
"Good for you girl. Keep it until you find the right guy."
"I think I've found him."
"Yes, he's quite the hottie."
Her husband Rick cut in, "Why don't we go downstairs and talk about things." His eyes were glued to my breasts and knew he had sex on his mind.
"No, I don't think so."
"Come on. It's all good. Beth and I would love to show you some good ways to pleasure your man." He moved very close to me and put his hand on my shoulder.
"Gee, I don't know."
Beth said, "Nudists are so at ease with their bodies and that means we are at ease with sexually pleasuring our bodies and our partners bodies. It's all so natural and good. Nudists are exhibitionists my nature and Rick and I could see your man is an exhibitionist. He loved spreading your knees and showing us your virgin pussy. He's our kind of guy. Have you been going together long?"
"No, just a few weeks."
She continued, "He's a nice guy. I've seen him grow up in the nudist lifestyle. We've known his mother and father for quite a while. They're also big swingers like us. There's a large number of nudists that love to swing. Usually at these nudist get-togethers there is a sex play room that people go to have sex. Some couples swap and some just like to watch or be watched. Did you like watching us make love?"
I blushed and looked down at the ground. Sure, it turned me on seeing them having sex but the words couldn't come out.
Rick said, "Sure you did. I could tell. Everyone gets excited when they see a man and woman make love. It's totally natural. Sex is great. You'll understand soon enough."
Beth explained, "You know the best way to keep an excellent guy like your boyfriend is to give him great sex. That means knowing how to give super oral sex. Rick and I would be happy to show you how to do it right. Why don't we go back downstairs and I'll show you how to make him happy like no other woman can."
That was so tempting because I felt like such a novice with Graham. But it was such a big leap to do this.
"I don't know."
Rick pleaded, "Come on. You don't have to do anything but just watch. You want to be a great lover for your boyfriend, right?"
I said meekly, "I guess so."
In a loud, more commanding voice Rick put his hand in the small of my bare back and said, "Okay then, let's go and teach you a thing or two. Beth is the absolute greatest at oral sex." The pressure of his hand on my back pushed me towards the house and the three of us went in and down to the rec room.
Entering the rec room, there was a couple making out on the sofa close to the door. Their mouths were locked together and lusty, animal moans were coming from deep in their throats. Rick and Beth went to the far end and sat down. I followed and sat facing them with my back to the door. I was a bit nervous that maybe mine or Graham's parents might see me.
Rick said, "Come sit closer Jodie. You can' see anything way over there." He patted the cushion next to him. I shifted over. Beth was on the other side. "That's better."
Beth reached down and cupped Rick's ball-sack. His limp penis started to rise. She started her lesson, "A man's balls are very sensitive. They love it when you hold them. See Rick's cock start to get hard. It's good to roll the man's balls gently inside the sack." I could see his circumcised staff become very hard quickly. "Now, I saw you stroking your boyfriend's cock very clumsily. Grip it softly at the base and gently pull the skin up until your hand bumps on the underside of the head, like this." She stroked his staff expertly a number of times. I could hear Rick's breathing pick up and some soft moans. His hand came to rest on my lower back. That seemed harmless enough.
She continued, "Ahhh. Look at that bead of liquid coming out of that little opening at the tip of his erection. That's called pre-cum. It's super slippery. Watch how I take my thumb and roll it over the liquid and rub it all over the sensitive head."
Rick in a deep voice said, "Oh fuck that feels so fucking great."
I resolved to remember that to pleasure Graham.
I looked up into his face and his hungry eyes were drilled into my breasts. I looked back at Beth shyly. I could feel my nipples harden. Damn, I wished Graham was there to pleasure them. The smell of sex was intoxicatingly strong in the small room. Rick's hand slipped lower to my ass-cheek with the tips of his fingers along the sensitive crack. It felt good, a guilty pleasure that seemed harmless.
She continued, "Yes, I think Rick is ready. Now, I go down to the floor between his knees." Rick spread his legs and Beth knelt between them. She wrapped her hand around his erection and looked up at me with a big shit-ass grin. "Yummy, I just love sucking cock. You will too Jodie." She leaned forward and licked his erection from the base all the way to the tip. What an erotic sight. My pussy had a sudden gush of juices. I squirmed in my seat. "Yes, you're going to love the taste of a big cock." She licked it like a big lollipop. "Lick it all over. Men love that. Get it really wet."
I could feel primitive lusty urges starting to rise in my body. My skin was becoming hyper-sensitive and my breathing was shallow, almost a panting. Rick was now massaging my ass and it felt really good. My eyes were watching Beth's lips and tongue on Rick's cock, but my attention was on his hand stroking my ass and soon a finger was stroking up and down my crack.
Rick leaned forward while still massaging my bottom and cupped Beth's breast.
She sighed and said, "Oh god, I love it when he plays with my tits while I'm giving him a blow job. Yes, I love it." She closed her eyes with a luxurious smile on her face as he played with her breast and nipple. "That is so sweet. Rick baby, give Jodie some of this pleasure. Give her young breasts a nice squeeze.
I blurted, "I don't think ..." but his hand was instantly groping my breast. I shot of pure pleasure shot through my chest to my crotch. I froze. Oh, sweet Jesus, I couldn't speak.
Beth saw my face. "Feels great, right? No harm in a bit of harmless fun between adults." I nodded. Rick brought his other hand to my other breast and massaged them both expertly. I could hardly breath it was so erotic. Beth continued, "That's right sweetie. Just enjoy that great sensation."
Rick whispered in my ear, "Your tits are so nice and firm. Very sweet. Hmmm. Just a nice handful."
His dirty talk was really turning me on. My pussy was vibrating. I had a sudden urge to sneak my hand down to my crotch, but it was impossible for them not to see that.
Beth placed her hand on my thigh. At first, I had a sense f panic that it was Rick's hand but quickly saw it was hers. In the back of my mind, I thought that Rick touching me too intimately would be a violation of my commitment to Graham. But a woman's touch was okay.
Beth gobble the end of Rick's cock into her mouth and stroked the shaft up and down slowly. It was the most erotic thing I'd ever seen. Rick was tweaking my nipples and he gently kissed my shoulder. I was dizzy from the lust growing in the primitive areas of my brain. I put my arm across rick's shoulder and leaned into him to steady myself. He nuzzled his head under my chin and kissed my neck. That is one of my most sensitive areas. I gripped the back of his head and pressed his lips harder into that pleasure spot. Vaguely I thought if I don't kiss him I'll stay true to Graham. The other stuff was just physical play. I put my right hand on his strong hairy chest. The feeling of masculine energy was like a drug. I felt his pecs and his nipple.
Rick whispered mockingly, "Sweet Jodie is a horny, little girl."
I was screaming yes, yes in my head and fighting the urge to plunge my hand down to my throbbing crotch. I couldn't stop my hips from grinding into the sofa seat to get some friction on my pussy lips. Ricks cock was looking so good. Beth was alternating licking it up and down and deep throating it. My mouth was watering.
Beth looked up at me. As she looked into my eyes she ran her soft hand up my thigh. My knees opened like they were spring loaded. This was my bodies open invitation for her to touch my most private areas. But she just massaged my inner thigh, tantalizingly close to my sex, but not there. Once again, my mind was urging me to send my hand down there and stroke myself to fulfillment.
She said, "Ahh, there's that virgin pussy we saw earlier. What a beautiful pussy it is. Would you like us to stroke that hot pussy? It's harmless fun. Tell me Jodie. Would you like a hand on your pussy?"
A husky sound came out of my throat, "Yes. Yes please." A woman's hand can't be a betrayal of Graham's love, I thought. I expected her hand to reach up to my girlie parts but no, Rick's left hand released my breast and slowly crossed over my stomach and down. I surge of mixed emotions assaulted my brain, panic that it was a man's hand and the primal urgent need to have the crazy-making heat in my pussy quelled. I just stared at the hand as it slowly made its way to its destination. His broad flat palm ran over my mound, over my camel-toe notch and then across my entire soaking wet crotch down to my anus. I gave out a whimpering moan of pleasure. My legs shut tight around his hand. It was too much. I drove my face into his chest and panted in lust.
I cried, "Oh sweet mother Mary, that feels so fucking great. I'm going to die."
Rick's other hand went from my breast to my back and down to my ass.
He instructed me, "Get up on your knees so I can feel your pussy from the front and the back.
I instantly rushed to my knees with my body sideways to him, so he could reach my front and back with ease.
He held his hand very still with his left hand on the front of my crotch and massaged my ass-cheeks with his right. He was taking his time and enjoying every minute. Sitting down, he leaned forward and took my nipple into his mouth as his hands did their magic. My brain almost exploded. I grabbed his head and held it tight to my chest. His right hand went from massaging my ass to dipping under over my asshole to my pussy lips. My mind was totally clouded with lust. I just whimpered and gulped for air. His teeth nipped my nipple painfully but that just upped my lust a notch higher.
I looked down and saw Beth sucking his cock with her head bobbing forward and back.
Rick's other hand started stroking the front half of my pussy with his middle finger sliding along my wet slit and my super-sensitive clit, over and over. His hand working my back side, went to my asshole and when his index finger touched my sensitive anus my entire body was consumed by a dangerously strong orgasm. I grasped his hand and moved it violently over my sex until the sensations were simply too much. Then, I locked my legs around his hand to stop any friction as spams ripped through me. Rick was cumming too and shot a load of spunk over Beth's beautiful face. He and I, both screamed in ecstasy until our bodies calmed. I slumped down to the sofa in a daze.
Rick recovered quickly. Like a true gentleman he pulled Beth up onto the sofa and went down to the floor between her knees and licked her pussy until she had a wonderful orgasm too. While she was enjoying the cunnilingus, she played with my breast as I lay beside her. It seemed so natural and I reciprocated by fondling hers. I wanted to pay her back for the lesson in love making and the pleasure she and her husband had given me.
Later, when my mind cleared, I realized that Beth had conspired to get me so horny that her husband could take liberties with my virgin body. I was learning that lust can cloud one's reason when it gets too strong.
I went upstairs and fell asleep thinking about Graham, wonderful, wonderful, Graham and how he would make me a real woman.