There once was a girl from St. Paul
Whose relationships went the long haul
But once in a while
With a wink and a smile
She was open to Tom, Dick, or Saul
I knew this girl. She was a peach. She wanted only long term boyfriends, but when she was in between boyfriends, if the stars were aligned just right, or the moon was full, or the tide was high, or something (I never really did understand exactly when or why) she became up for sex with any man who was reasonable. Or so it seemed to me. I'm Harry, the lucky neighbor of this sexpot.
The trick for me was to find her during one of those rare moments, when she seemed to be available to almost anyone who came after her. I really wanted to lay her; she was beyond sexy, at least she was for me. By the way, I'm Harry, and I'm the one who wrote the limerick. Sally did not, and to my knowledge still does not, know about it.
Let me describe Sally, so you can better understand. Around 25 years old, she wore her long blonde hair with a flip at the end, as if she were a star on a 1950s-television show. It worked for her. Her blue eyes melted into her blonde hair, and her pale skin might have given a lesser woman a washed-out look. Not Sally. She was too vivacious, too full of life, to ever be washed out. And then there was her signature bright red lipstick, matching her painted nails, both fingers and toes. Sometimes she would vary it, with purple, or bright royal blue, but the nails always matched the lipstick and the eyeshadow creating a unified effect, which worked well.
The only detail that rang wrong was a tiny butterfly tattoo on her ankle. I figure some college night she got too drunk and visited a tattoo parlor on a dare. As for her figure, God made her especially designed for my taste: She was thin as a rail with two exceptions: large, prominent breasts and the world's cutest little bubble but. Her skinny legs were nevertheless perfectly shaped. Her figure was a subdued hourglass.
Sally's best feature were her eyes. I only got to know them well later. The effect was blue from a distance, but up close one could detect most of the rainbow. Her eyes contained little bits of brown, amber, green, even lavender. Gazing t her eyes was like looking through a kaleidoscope. Sally could change the effect with well-chosen eye shadow or eye liner, and she did, giving her a chameleon effect.
While Sally had a great figure and a compelling face, what defined her was her love of life. She combined her love of life with a spirit that bubbled over with girlish enthusiasm. One would have to be possessed by the Devil himself not to be captivated by Sally. To know her was to love her.
I guess I'm laying it on a bit thick. But dammit, that's how I felt. This wondrous woman was my exhibitionist neighbor. I could not believe it. Life is strange. It throws all sorts of things at a guy, and in my case, it threw Sally. I did not dodge, I let Sally's magic hit me square on. I let it consume me. I was the better man for it.
Sally moved into her apartment only two months after I took up residence in mine. Both are rented, and in the deep East Village, near Avenue B. This neighborhood is called Alphabet City. My bedroom was on a higher floor than was hers, but mine looked down on hers giving me a spectacular view. Of course back then it was just another apartment; I had not yet met Sally.
Sally had blinds, of course, but suddenly after a month of her living there, I noticed she had begun to keep the blinds raised. One day I woke earlier than usual, and took a cup of coffee and the newspaper to bed with me for a little leisure time. I glanced down at the neighbor's bedroom and I thought I had seen a bunch of naked flesh go by.
I sat up in bed, put down my coffee, and stared at that bedroom. A few minutes later I was rewarded by seeing a near naked sexpot of a woman walking around in her bedroom, wearing panties only. I stared at her breasts so intensely, I did not even notice her lovely face!
I was to learn her name is Sally, and she was staring at her window in such a way that I had a full-frontal view of her nudity (save her panties). Her panties were royal blue, by the way, lacy and skimpy. Finally, the sexpot got a spray and some cloth and cleaned away what must have been a spot of her casement window.
Her luscious boobs jiggled as she wiped away the spot. When she finished, I realized that all told, I had enjoyed a full seven-minute display of her body. I was in shock. It was a good shock, but it was still shock. When the show ended, I just remained in place, dealing with my disbelief over what I had just seen.
St. Paul has a long, cold winter. But when Spring rolls around, the women rebel from the cloistered layers of clothes upon clothes, and they show a lot of skin. Sally was no exception. Indeed, she was at the cutting edge of showing skin: short skirts or Daisy Dukes, sleeveless tops, halter tops with no bra, and basically, she had as little covered up as was possible. When she went braless, her nipples would poke seductively from her halter tops and her T shirt tops.
But this was only on the weekend, of course. During the five-day workweek, she dressed for work. She always looked pretty, but just much less over the top risqué. She wore skirts and pretty blouses, primarily. She wore hose, and medium heeled shoes. Work is work, after all.
Sally ended up leaving St. Paul when she got a great job opportunity in New York City. She found a small place in the East Village in Manhattan which even with her hedge fund salary, she could barely afford. I had the good fortune to live next door to Sally. Indeed, as I explained earlier, one of the windows of my apartment had a very nice view of her bedroom.
I lived a couple of floors higher than she did, so I could see into her apartment easily, and presumably she did not notice me doing that. People often look down. More rarely do they look up. Nevertheless, as a precaution, at night I would spy on her with my lights out. Hers were burning brightly, making it easy to have a nice view.
During her periods of, shall we say, high sexual availability, she kept her blinds up, and I suspected she might have some exhibitionist tendencies, because in the early morning (and only in the early morning) she tended to walk around her bedroom wearing only a skimpy pair of panties, often disappearing into her bathroom (where the window was frosted, alas), I assume to use the facilities, to shower, to fix her hair, or to apply makeup and the like.
Sally's shows were early: from around 6am to 7am, so I changed my routine and began to rise early myself, to enjoy the entertainment. When she did shower, she often dried off in her bedroom, and then I got the full show, without even the impediment of panties. She must have known that some of her neighbors could see her. Maybe she liked it?
What I liked most was her breasts. I could not imagine more perfect breasts on any woman, anywhere. Her ass, and her legs, were also wonderful. When the angels passed out bodies, they gave her the best one. No exceptions. God, the woman was perfect, at least for my taste.
Some men might like bigger boobs, or a bigger ass, or a less subtle hourglass effect. Sally could be more voluptuous. She could be even much more voluptuous. She could be a redhead, or a brunette. She could have had a tramp stamp tattoo. Different men have different taste. But for me, Sally was perfection. She was the living, breathing, incarnation of perfection.
Sally's first period of high sexual availability (which I decided to call her HSA periods), occurred a few months after I moved into my own apartment. I was treated to wonderful views of her almost naked body on a regular basis. Then it got over the top sexy, because she brought a man home.
He was older, maybe in his early to mid 40s, and looked distinguished. I gave him a name: I called him Tom. She kept her blinds open, and the lights on. I got to watch him fuck her brains out. I could see her lips move, and I just knew she was moaning up a storm while he pounded away. It was a hugely sexy sight.
I felt a bit like a creep, watching two people have sex, where one of them is my neighbor. I did not feel like a creep when I watched porn, but this was live, with my actual neighbor! Hell, I actually was a creep when I think about how I did that. I should have had the decency to have looked away when it began, and to have given them some privacy. But then, she should have doused the lights, or at least closed her blinds, right?
For me it was like seeing a bad traffic accident on the highway: It's hard not to stare at it for an extended period. And, I admit it: It was hot as all hell to watch the two of them go at it!
In solidarity, while I watched I removed my pants and brought my erection out to play. I tried to time things to explode along with Tom, but alas he did not last long enough. I stopped. I simply waited for round two, which I was sure would occur.
It was worth the wait, as the second time she was on her hands and knees, and I had a beautiful profile view. I watched her body writhe as it enjoyed what must have been extraordinary sexual pleasure. I loved watching her boobs swing underneath her as Tom rocked her body with his thrusts. I really wanted to hear the sound effects.
Sally, I suppose, did not care if I (or anyone else) watched. Maybe she even wanted us to watch? Why else would she have kept the blinds up, and the lights on? As for Tom, who knew? I did not know if they had discussed it. I think he was more interested in laying this sexpot than caring if he were seen or not. I know that would have been my attitude.
Then I caved to my dark side. I dragged out my amplified parabolic microphone from my closet and I aimed it at Sally's bedroom window. Formerly I had used it in the forest to hear the birds and animal sounds. But it was too clumsy to drag around, so now it was forgotten, in the closet. I dusted it off, aimed it at her bedroom window, and it worked perfectly! I also found my bird watching binoculars. I was all set.
I felt pretty sleazy. Her window was less than 100 yards away, so now I could hear the sounds of sex as well as watch the acts themselves. Sally is a moaner. I got so hard watching and listening it was painful. I had to relieve myself, and I had to do it more than once.
Tom was one of several men Sally brought home, one after the other, all within the space of three weeks. No man came over twice. Sally seemed to like one night stands. Then the blinds came down, and the shows were over. I could still eavesdrop, however, due to my parabolic microphone. I had figured out that Sally had a real boyfriend, and this was confirmed when I heard then make love.
Given what I had already seen Sally do with the HSA men, I had no trouble imagining the scene unfolding behind her blinds, as I listened in. The man was definitely not Tom or the other HSA men, who had to have been just passing fancies. When I saw her on the street during her boyfriend period, she seemed happier than usual. She even seemed to me to be very happy.
Sally was always smiling when she was with her new boyfriend. She had a fetching, blaze of headlights smile. It was the kind of smile that would light up a room. The two of them often walked around together, his arm around her, or hand in hand. I liked this woman who had titillated me so wondrously, so I was glad she was happy. I did think she could do better than her current boyfriend. But women want what they want from men, and I am fairly clueless about what exactly that is.
I realized I had not even met Sally, and yet I felt as if I knew her intimately, and I wanted her to be happy. I wanted to see her smile, when by good fortune I would see her on the street.
The next time Sally had an HSA period, about three months later, the blinds came back up, and my private shows began again! This was exciting for me. I enjoyed watching her nearly naked body in the mornings, as she got ready to go to work.
After a week or two of these great shows, Sally brought home a different guy. In my mind, I called this guy Dick. He too fucked her brains out. I knew he was not boyfriend material, just a lover fulfilling her sexual needs. I knew this because once again, everything was on display. I knew her pattern of behavior.
One particular feature of her HSA men, her men for one night stands, was that they were always older men. Sally must have been around 25, and her HSA men were around 40 or even 50 years old. Her boyfriends, in contrast, were around her age, and never older than 35, by my estimate. I found this interesting, but I did not know what to make of it.
Sure enough, a few more HSA men followed Dick in their appearances in Sally's bedroom, and eventually inside Sally herself. It was obvious to me that Sally not only liked sex, she seemed to crave it, and the weirder it was, the better. She was one hell of a woman.
A few weeks later, with a couple more passing fancies under the bridge, the blinds alas came down again. I just knew Sally had found another real boyfriend, instead of just recreational sex partners. I was so disappointed. I liked the idea of her being an available slut. It was easier to maintain the fantasy that I had a chance with her. But I knew I did not. I did not fit the profile of the HSA men, all of whom looked to be older, successful business men. Sally was a classy slut, too. She was way out of my league.
Slut may be a bit harsh, actually. I preferred to think of Sally as a woman in her prime, looking for lasting love. She just made mistakes. She did, however, make a hell of a lot of mistakes. It was sort of like trying out twenty recipes for a cake or something, before one finds a recipe that produces just what one wants.
Lady Luck smiled on me, though, and four months later, the blinds went back up! I inferred that the relationship with boyfriend #2 must be over. Sally was doubtless on the prowl, looking for some rich businessmen with whom she could enjoy some recreational sex.
This was my moment, if I ever wanted to have a chance with this sexpot. And I did indeed want to have a chance: I was intensely attracted to her. I figured out a strategy. On the first weekend after the blinds went up, I was poised, ready to go as soon as I thought she was leaving her apartment.
I rushed out, and "accidentally" crossed her path on the street. I introduced myself, explaining we were neighbors. She recognized me from having seen me around the neighborhood, and I asked her if she would do me the favor of letting me buy her a cup of coffee? She looked at me, puzzled, but then seemed to figure out that I liked her, if you know what I mean, and she quite graciously acquiesced.
I decided to update my limerick, so that I could now optimistically include myself. It now read:
There once was a girl from the prairie
Who looked for a man she could marry
But once in a while
With a wink and a smile
She was open to Tom, Dick, or Harry
Like many women, Sally was gifted at conversation. The two of us talked up a storm. It turned out we had a lot in common, from religion, to educational levels, to what we wanted from life, and even our taste in music. I learned she is interested in sports, especially football, and follows the NY Giants, watching them lose game after game after game. Even if Sally is from Minneapolis-St. Paul, she always gives her football loyalty to the local team. Life is easier that way. The Giants, however, were pushing her limits, as they always seemed to find ways to lose.
At the end of our coffee conversation, just when I had summoned up the courage to ask her out, she preempted me by inviting me to come over for dinner that very night. I had other plans already, but I instantly dropped them. Stupid, I am not.
I came over, and she had invited another couple, too. This was good news, actually: Maybe I was not one of her disposable recreational sex partners, but a candidate for a boyfriend? I would like that. Yes, indeed. I liked the other couple: They too were from St. Paul, although Sally had met them here in New York.
The other couple was a little older, and the wife, who was also sexy and pretty, was quite flirtatious. They seemed thrilled that I was there, and I began to wonder if they were into "wife swapping" or something.
Sally and I were quite far from that stage, not even having kissed yet, so I dismissed the idea from my head. But I id nevertheless enjoy the flirtatious attention of Sally female guess, Georgina.
Sally is a good cook, and we all left, sated and happy, around 10pm. As we left Georgina discretely tapped my ass. I began to have all sorts of thoughts. Did Georgina want to have an affair? Was Sally testing me through Georgina? Were Georgina and Steve seeing if I would come home with them for a threesome? Or was Georgina just friendly, and a kind of touchy/feely person for whom I was inferring much too much? I was flummoxed, and I did not respond. I just ignored the sexual undertones.
I went home, and noticed Sally's blinds were still up. She got ready for bed around 11pm, and I gazed lovingly, and longingly, at her naked body, with her firm buttocks and her luscious breasts. I could not believe just an hour ago I had been sharing an evening with Georgina, Steve, and this vision.
I waited two days, and then I called her and asked her out. She was busy on Friday, but agreed to let me take her to dinner on Saturday. I was thrilled. She was giving me a chance! I still felt I was out of her league, but as long as she was willing to go out with me, I was going to keep pursuing her. We'd see where it went, if anywhere.
Sally's blinds were still always up, and I stayed home to see why she was busy on Friday night. Around midnight she appeared in her bedroom, and trailing behind her was an obvious sex partner. It was obvious because both Sally and the man, whom I decided to call Paul (He did not look like a Saul, and I was not going to call him Harry, since that's my name!), were undressed down to their briefs and panties.
Still, it was obvious the man was an older man, probably Episcopalian (he just looked as if he were Episcopalian - I can't explain it), and he looked quite distinguished, almost like a business executive. He had a good body, and when his briefs came off I became thoroughly intimidated. Nature was kind to him when the powers to be gave out the sex organs. He had a generous endowment.
Once again, I got to watch my dream woman engaged in what I assumed was meaningless sex with yet another seemingly randomly chosen man. And engage they did! This man was especially eager to ravish the beautiful and fragile, fine boned Sally. He did it with what can only be described as rough sex, and all indications were that Sally was loving it. It seemed to me they used every position except the missionary position. Sally seemed up for most anything.
After the first go-round, Sally sucked him hard for round two. She left for a minute, returning with a cowboy hat she apparently used as a prop. She mounted him and fucked him cowgirl style, whipping the hat around as if she were riding a bucking bull in a sports bar. Suddenly I had this image of Sally, naked, riding a bull in a sports bar near Times Square. Of course, that could never happen, but I had trouble getting the image out of my head as I watched the two of them go at it, yet again.
My parabolic microphone was working perfectly. I heard the man asking her if anal sex was okay. Sally surprised me by saying, "It would have been, if you had not asked. Just take what you want. I'm yours for tonight, and never again. But don't ask, okay? Just take. When I say I'm yours, it means that I am: Do what you want with me, or to me. Just no violence. But only tonight. Understand?"
The man understood, and he wanted the full shebang. He left the bedroom, telling Sally to stay. When he came back in, Sally's eyes got wide, but she did not say anything. He had handcuffs and coils of rope. He tied Sally up. She uttered not a word of protest. She was bound hand and foot. He was about to apply a blindfold when Sally finally spoke: "No," she said.
The man paused, holding the blindfold, thinking for a minute. He tossed the blindfold aside. He took out a phone and sent a text. Sally inquired as to what the fuck he was doing. "Ever had two men, one after the other?" he asked.
Sally shuddered, and shook her head no. Then she said something that mystified me: "I am giving you complete access to my body. You already despoiled my virgin ass. This is my first time with bondage, too. Is that not enough? Is this necessary, involving another man, too?"
"Yes, it is, my pretty," the bastard said.
Sally said, "In that case, I'll take the blindfold." She said nothing more after that and closed her eyes, waiting for the blindfold. I could tell she did not like this. I could tell she was nervous. Her tone of voice had become icy cold. But she was obeying, anyway. Why? Why was she letting this asshole do this to her? Was she a masochist? A submissive? Or did she so secretly, deep down, want sex with two men at once that she herself did not know that she did? I just did not understand.
I thought she might be crying. Twenty-five minutes later the second man arrived. Now I got to watch two men ravish this woman, whom I was beginning to consider "my" sexpot. They took her one after the other. The original man was spent after his first fuck (which was his third of the evening with Sally, including him taking her in the ass for fuck #2), but the new guy, who was short and chubby, enjoyed her twice. He was clearly thrilled to have this chance with such a sexpot.
Sally reacted as she always did. She got into the sex, and she moaned up a storm. I don't think she was faking it, either, but it's hard to tell. She actually had an orgasm, and that was with, surprisingly, the chubby guy. Her orgasm was spectacular, and I could have heard her scream even without the parabolic microphone. It was intense.
My relationship was in its infancy with Sally. We had not yet even kissed. Yet here I was, watching Paul and Mr. Chubby plunder her body only two days after I had left her. I enjoyed the vicarious thrill of watching a gorgeous sexpot get ravished, but now I wished it were not Sally in the throes of sexual ecstasy but rather that it were someone else.
It was "my" Sally these two men were taking turns with, enjoying her charms to the max. I could not figure out why she was letting Paul have these "firsts" with her: anal, two men at once, bondage.
Fortunately, Sally remained true to form: she did not let the men stay the night. About 3am the two of them left, after having fucked her a combined total of six times. Sally never had laid eyes on Mr. Chubby. Maybe that was a good thing: I, for one, found him exceptionally unappealing. I wondered if Sally would have let him fuck her if she had actually seen him? Maybe she had a premonition of that type, and that is why she agreed to the blindfold?
The show was over, and I went to bed. That night I dreamed of Sally and me in bed together, doing most of the things I had just witnessed her doing with Paul and Mr. Chubby. I awoke with a fierce case of morning wood.
The next day was Saturday, and I had reserved at Gotham, one of the best restaurants in the village, and also a romantic one. I arrived on time, and Sally was not quite ready, but invited me in and offered me a glass of wine, while she bustled about. I think she was adjusting her makeup, but I did not really know. I sat on the couch and leafed through a copy of The New Yorker, reading the cartoons. Sally gets the New Yorker, I realized. I decided to start reading it on a regular basis, myself.
The date went well. We spent a lot of time discussing our childhoods and our families, and we got to know each other better. I discovered Sally loved going to the movies, especially the artsy ones, rather than to the blockbuster releases. I decided to start reading the movie reviews in Friday's New York Times.
Things got strange when she asked what I did for a living. I had not yet asked her. Many people are repulsed by my job, but someone has to do it, and I make a good living at it. (I am a spy: I do industrial espionage.) In the meantime, I am going to school to get a better education that will allow me to try to make the world a better place.
I managed to deflect her question. I said, "I make a good living, but what I'm trying to do is to get a PhD in biochemistry at the university. I want to make the world a better place. What do you do?"
I think Sally knew I had finessed my way out of the question of what I actually did, but happily she did not push it. She said, "I'm an executive secretary in a hedge fund, but I have exercised so many options to buy the stock, that I consider myself a partner. Nevertheless, I do have a boss."
Sally went on to explain, "A key thing with hedge funds is to convince investors to trust you to invest their money for them. Part of my job is to help the hedge fund to do what it takes to land their trust, and in essence, to get their money for us to invest. I'm good at convincing reluctant investors." Her last sentence was said with much too emotion behind it. Something was troubling her. I took a chance. The emotion came across as bitterness.
"Is that why you tend to be busy Friday nights? Work duties?" I asked.
Sally's eyes became sharp. She suddenly looked at me with great suspicion; before I had said that, and I had not realized it until then, she had been looking at me with affection, as you would want a girl to look at you on a romantic date. "Why do you say that?" she asked, with a defensive, almost acerbic tone of voice.
I realized I had struck a nerve. Wow. She had totally overreacted. I knew why she was busy Friday nights: She was going through a series of men with sequential casual sex rendezvous. But obviously, she did not want me to know that. And after all, why on Earth would she have wanted me to know that? I can be quite stupid at times.
I replied, "Just because you were busy when I asked you out on Friday night, so I assumed it was work. I also hope it was work, and not competition for me!" I smiled. "I'm glad you're free on Saturday nights!" I said. Sally smiled, and that answer seemed to have worked. Whew.
When I took her home, I walked her to her door, and I actually asked if I could kiss her goodnight. I heard we are supposed to ask these things, I awkwardly explained. She smiled, suppressing a giggle, and said, "Yes, please do."
Sally gave me a closed mouth kiss, but her lips felt so special, gentle and loving, while we kissed, that I was in heaven. It was the most erotic kiss I could ever remember experiencing. I did not ask her if I could have a second kiss, I just took one, and during the second kiss her arms went around my neck, and mine went around her waist. I pushed her behind until we were standing flush while we kissed, and I am sure she felt my erection. Meanwhile I enjoyed her breasts pressing against my chest.
After the kiss, Sally pulled away from me, saying "Wow. Lots of emotion for a first kiss, and on a first date, too, Harry."
"Sorry," I said.
"No, don't be," Sally said. "That's not what I meant. What I meant was, I was not expecting to be kissed like that. But I liked it. No worries. Will I see you again?"
"Are you free tomorrow night?" I asked. Sally smiled at my eagerness.
"I work Mondays, and I don't go out on the nights before I work," Sally said. "Weekends are best."
"Okay. How about Friday night?" I asked.
"Can we make it Saturday night?" Sally asked.
I agreed, wondering again about her Friday nights, and we decided on dinner and a movie. "Then after the movie, my place for dessert, okay?" Sally asked. I agreed enthusiastically. "I guess you like desserts!" Sally said. Of course, I was hoping Sally meant she would be my dessert.
Sally still did not realize that I could watch her antics in her bedroom, and I was stationed every morning, watching her parade around in only her panties, getting ready to go to work, and I also stood guard, watching and waiting to see what would happen Friday night.
When Friday night came, Sally got dressed to the nines, and she brought home Paul again, and Mr. Chubby came along with him. This was deviation from her one night stand tradition, since she had never before brought the same man home twice! Maybe she enjoyed a bit too much two men at once?
And that was not all: this time there was a third man! I had run out of names, so I simply called him Mr. Jerk. They were all fully dressed, but Sally was hyper flirtatious with Paul and Mr. Chubby. Strangely enough, she tended to ignore Mr. Jerk. I hauled out the parabolic microphone. I had to know what was going on.
From my eavesdropping, I learned that Mr. Jerk was Sally's boss, while Paul and Mr. Chubby were investors. Why they were all three in Sally's bedroom puzzled me. Thanks to my parabolic microphone, I heard Sally say to Mr. Jerk, "Everything is now done, Frank. The contracts were signed at dinner, and the money has been transferred. I just got a text from our financial officer. Paul, JC, and I have some remaining details to iron out, but you should go home now, Mr. Sepia."
Mr. Jerk (now I knew he was actually Mr. Frank Sepia, and her boss, but he was still Mr. Jerk to me) left my line of sight and I heard a door close, so I assumed he left.
As soon as the door had closed, the two men (Paul and Mr. Chubby) began to kiss, feel up, and to undress my lovely Sally. Once again, she ended up naked, bound, spread eagle on her bed, and blindfolded. Her pussy was on full display. God, I loved looking at her like that. I just did not look forward to what would inevitably follow.
Once again, I watched as the two men took turns fucking her. I got a shock when I saw Mr. Jerk, now naked, tiptoe into the bedroom. Mr. Chubby was plowing away inside Sally, and Paul and Mr. Jerk silently shook hands. They made some gestures indicating Jerk could take Sally as soon as Chubby was through.
I was outraged on Sally's behalf. As I listened to her moans and groans while Chubby ravished her, I knew they were all going to trick her into having sex with her boss, something she clearly did not want to do. No doubt she also did not want him to see her naked, and even worse to see her having sex with two men! Obviously, though, he knew exactly what was happening.
Suddenly a lightbulb went off in my head. Investors don't part with many millions of dollars and entrust such money to a hedge fund unless they're convinced the hedge fund will make money - lots of money - for them. I already knew Sally makes presentations to the investors about their strategies and the like. Sally is a hopelessly sexy woman, no matter how she is dressed. It's in her eyes. She can't hide how much she likes sex. And her body does not hurt the cause; no, her body does not hurt at all.
Sometimes investors must wonder what Sally is like in bed. It's a real trip to take a successful, powerful woman, and to reduce her to a writhing collection of hormones underneath you. It's one of the ultimate power moves. When it comes down to deciding which hedge fund to choose, out of several top choices, getting to lay a dynamo like Sally is an extra plus for Mr. Sepia's hedge fund. Certainly, it's not the deciding factor, but it's definitely a plus.
I decided a new limerick was needed, since I now realized that I had been wrong with my previous ones. I wrote down the new one:
There once was a girl from the prairie
Who looked for a man she could marry
But her boss was a prick
And for him she turned tricks
This making her nervous and wary
Returning to my observations in her bedroom, Chubby finally finished with Sally, pulling out and ejaculating all over her stomach. Paul got some paper towels. He gently and lovingly wiped the cum off her tummy. I heard Sally say, "Thanks. Is that you, Paul?" She could not see through her blindfold. Paul said yes.
Jerk had been enjoying seeing his sexy secretary and de facto partner not just naked, but having the bejesus fucked out of her. It was easy for me to understand why Sally did not want this: Paul and Chubby would go their own way after this evening, but she had to work every day with Mr. Sepia (ie, Jerk), and how could they work together after what he had just seen?
Jerk had a big erection, and he now climbed on top of Sally. Chubby and Paul left the room, giving Jerk some privacy. I could hear them talking from the next room, something about Sally's velvety pussy. If I could hear them via my parabolic microphone, then so could Sally. So when Jerk climbed on top of Sally, she had to know there was a third man now.
"What's going on?" Sally said with alarm. "Who are you? Get off me! This is not part of the deal! Who is this?"
Nobody answered her. She said, "Mr. Sepia is that you? Frank, is that you? You absolutely cannot see me like this!" Sally raised her hands as much as the bounds allowed, groping for Jerk's face, so she could tell if this mystery man, poised to fuck her in her bound and blindfolded state, was her boss, or not. Jerk easily kept his face away from Sally's hands.
Jerk plunged his cock deep inside Sally's pussy. Suddenly Sally gave up protesting, and her anguished cries from a minute ago turned to happy groans and moans. I guess she knew she had lost. She was accepting the loss, and the consequent fuck, quite graciously. Indeed, one might say she was enthusiastic at this point. As Jerk gradually increased his leisurely pace, Sally became vocal, saying "Yes. Oh, yes. It feels so good. God, you sure do know how to fuck a girl."
Sally degenerated into moans, truly enjoying the fuck. Then just before she came, she said, "June is such a lucky woman. I guess she gets this all the time." She then screamed her orgiastic scream, as her body vibrated, her standard orgasm reaction.
I saw Sally flash an evil grin right after she had said that, and Jerk stopped in mid fuck. Sally had climaxed, but Jerk had not yet had the pleasure. I could tell he really wanted to spread his seed up Sally's love canal. Instead, he pulled out; he had lost his erection! I had no idea who June is, but I was willing to bet, with 5 to 1 odds, that June was Jerk's devoted wife, probably pretty and sexy herself, and that she and Sally were friends.
Jerk stomped out of the bedroom, and he was quickly out of my line of sight. I could see Sally smiling triumphantly. Jerk had still fucked her for at least a good ten minutes, and he had driven Sally to a climax. He had studied her naked body, so while she had achieved some kind of victory, it seemed a bit Pyrrhic to me.
Sally lay on the bed. She was naked, spread eagle, her pussy engorged with blood, and leaking cum onto the bed, from when Paul shot his load deep inside her. She was a sight.
I got out my new camera. I had bought it just for occasions like this. It had a magnificent telephoto lens: up to 200mm. I took careful aim, and I had before me a wonderful close up of Sally's just used body. Her pussy lips were engorged with blood, and her chest was covered with droplets of sweat. Her chest was still heaving sexily. I snapped a long sequence of pictures, and a short video, too.
I could hear the men talking in the next room, but they were talking softly, and I could not tell what they were saying. After about a quarter hour, I heard a door close.
Had they all left, leaving Sally naked, bound and blindfolded? I could not believe they would do such a thing! Fortunately, Paul was still there. He returned, and he released Sally. Nothing was said. She removed her blindfold. He put her on her hands and knees, and he was brutal. He let out all his frustrations, his hatred of women, or whatever it was that turned him into a monster in the bedroom. He was thrusting in with such force, Sally had trouble staying on the bed.
At one point Sally fell off the bed onto the floor. Paul jumped down and joined her on the floor. He entered her again. He put his hands around her neck, choking her as he fucked her. Still Sally was silent. The only change was that her moans became little gasps, as she fought for air, trying to breathe.
Suddenly, Sally was overwhelmed with an orgasm. Paul released his chokehold, and Sally's screams practically put the ancient Irish banshees to shame. I wondered if this was a premonition of Jerk's death. I actually hoped it was, I was so angry on Sally's behalf. I don't like wishing for the death of another person, no matter who. I felt repentant, due to my wish.
I thought the evening was over, but Mr. Chubby came back into the room with an erection. I could not watch anymore. I turned off the parabolic microphone, and went to bed. I did not sleep well. I had nightmares of banshees, and when I woke, I quickly checked Sally's window. She was alone, asleep in bed. She had slept naked, on top of the covers. As she slept, she looked angelic.
The sex must have become rough after I went to sleep, because I could see some welts, some bruises, and some "love bites" on her voluptuous, sexy body. I was going to take her out that very night. I wondered if she would call to cancel, making up some excuse? How could she manage to recover before our date? I almost hoped she would cancel so that I would have more time to process all that I had seen, and all that I had realized.
Sally did not call. She did not cancel. I rang her bell right on time. I was greeted with a smile that would have melted a heart of stone. The smile seemed to say that Sally had been waiting for me her entire life and that finally, finally, I was here. Sally grabbed my arm, and we left the building with Sally gabbing ninety miles an hour. She seemed thrilled to be out with me. I forgot about what I had witnessed the very night before, and got magically swept up in her joy, enjoying just being near her, being next to her, being the object of her wondrous smile. Being the recipient of her smile. That was enough for me.
Sally was still the lovely innocent, fined boned, fragile, vulnerable and intensely sexy woman she had always been. I could tell that underneath her air of self-confidence, she was nervous about my affection for her. Me! She was hoping against hope I would like her! This seemed to be a bit silly, because I had already fallen for her, hook, line, and sinker. I had fallen hard. A new limerick was needed:
There once was a girl from next door
Who was sexy and never a bore
Her job took its toll
But it left pure her soul
Even if it compelled her to whore.
Because that's what it was: Sally slept with investors to clinch the deals for the hedge fund. In my book, she was a kind of whore. Maybe "whore" is too harsh: Was she a call girl? Or was she just one of those women, and history is full of them, who use their bodies to help them to advance their careers? To get what they want?
The point is, that when she was with me, she was different. She was completely with me. She looked at me with her full attention. Her smile was dazzling, and her dazzle was all for me. She looked pure. She looked wholesome. She actually was wholesome! I never thought a woman like her could fall for a guy like me, but she did. She had. She was mine.
At dinner, I brought the subject around to our past lovers. Sally was frank and open: She had had several boyfriends/lovers since she moved to New York, but one after the other the relationships ended, usually after a few months. Somehow, I managed to get her to explain why they broke up.
"There are aspects of my job that I feel I have to do, but every one of my partners, without exception, could not handle it. Also, I can be a bit of an exhibitionist, just mild stuff, but my boyfriends did not like that, either. But really, it's my job on Friday nights that they just do not tolerate."
Sally continued, "Monday I am planning to quit my job, and I will find another job which does not have such distasteful duties," she said. "So, don't you worry, Harry, in case you like me romantically. And I hope you do, by the way."
I said, "Won't you miss those Friday night aspects?" I knew that was a mistake as soon as I said it. Sally looked at me. I saw in her eyes that she knew that I knew. I could see the epiphany: I lived next door. I could be one of her voyeurs. Of course! She must have felt like a fool. I saw fear rise in her eyes.
I said, "I do indeed like you romantically, Sally. I am always happy when I'm around you. And as for your job, I'm glad you plan to quit. You'll be happier with a different boss. And if I'm lucky enough to become your boyfriend, no matter what you do, I can handle it, as long as you always love me."
Sally exhaled. She had been holding her breath. She leaned across the table right there in Gotham Restaurant, and she kissed me. She gave me a lingering, open mouth kiss, our first. I was glad to smell her aperitif on her breath, and not the cum from one of the men the previous night.
Sally asked me what I do for a living. "You never told me, I realize. Now you have to tell me. You know much more about me than I thought! You can see into my apartment, can't you?"
She had asked two questions. I got to choose which one to answer. I said, "Yes. One of my windows faces your bedroom."
"Oh, my God," Sally said, very softly. "And you still want to date me? Even after...?"
"Yes," I said.
"You saw the whole thing last night? You watched me during that...that..."
"Sexual extravaganza?" I helpfully supplied.
Sally laughed. "Yes. That. I guess you did watch. Do you want me to explain?"
"No," was all that I said.
"And yet here you are. You are honoring our date. Will this be our last date?" Sally asked. She looked so nervous, anxious, and worried.
"It won't be our last date as far as I am concerned. You're one in a million, Sally, and I don't have the time nor the inclination to look through another million women trying to find another," I said.
I did not get to enjoy Sally's sexual charms that night. She told me it was too soon after her horrific time the night before, and she now knew that I understood. She knew I had seen it all. What she did not know was that I had heard everything, and I knew why she had done it. I did not approve, but I understood. I had indeed seen all of it. All of it, that is, until I could not take it anymore and went to bed myself.
Sally seemed to be struggling, deciding on whether to tell me something. Finally, she inhaled deeply and plunged in. "Let me explain, Harry," Sally said. "I take investors to bed. You've figured that out. It helps the firm tremendously. I can see it in some of their eyes when I make my presentations. Some men mentally undress me while I'm speaking, and for those men the promise of sex with me tips the scales in our firm's favor. But it only works when we had basically won their money before the sex. So, in some sense, it might be superfluous."
"Always on Friday nights?" I asked. Sally nodded.
"That's why my previous boyfriends all left me, and why you will leave me, too, I guess. Boyfriends cannot handle that I do that. It's not just because I feel I need to do it for my job," and Sally paused. The next phrase she said in a barely audible whisper. "I also love it. I'm a submissive, Harry. It gets me off."
Sally's voice returned to normal. "But I don't have to be. I loved having normal sex with my boyfriends; it just wasn't enough. I'm sorry, Harry. I like you, and I think we have potential as a couple, but I'm sure we're doomed, just like the others before you." Sally was on the verge of tears at this point, I could tell.
"But if you're okay with no promises, I'm going to try to be normal with you, with no exceptions. I am going to quit my job on Monday. I can't work with Frank anymore, now that he has, well, you know."
I knew. I nodded.
Sally did try to quit her job on Monday, but she was cajoled, pressured, and finally financially forced to stay on. When she came home at the end of the day, she sat in her kitchen and cried for a long time. Then, in a fit of vulnerability, needing a human touch, she did not call her sister, nor her mother, nor a girlfriend; she called me.
It was obvious on the phone that Sally was an emotional wreck, and I came over right away, bringing with me two bottles of wine: a nice merlot, and a delicious, chilled Sancerre. It's always nice to have a choice. Just in case, I grabbed some weed, too. I sort of knew Sally would refuse the weed, though. For courage as to what I was about to face, I had a quick glass of Scotch whiskey, myself.
Sally had taped a note on the door. It said, "Harry: Come on in. The door's open." I came in and I saw her on the couch, still dressed in her work clothes, crying her sweet baby blue eyes out. Crying is good: it changes the body chemistry, helping one adjust to the misery that causes it in the first place. It's part of my medical knowledge.
I said nothing. I poured us each a glass of Sancerre (white wine before red is one of the mottos of my life), and I sat down next to her. She too said nothing, she only whimpered. She instantly cuddled next to me, leaning her head on my shoulder.
We sat there in silence for a long time, over half an hour. From time to time I would raise her glass of wine to her lips and she would take a small sip. I have a weakness, I think, for women when they look vulnerable. I have never seen a woman look more vulnerable than Sally looked just then. The contrast with her other two personas (extreme competence and efficiency is one; happy, carefree, and full of brilliant smiles is the other) was huge. She was not just vulnerable: she was defeated.
When her whimpers ended, after around 40 minutes, and she was using the last Kleenex from the box to dry her eyes, we began to talk. It took quite a while, but in summary, her story was this: The hedge fund had used Sally's talents to the max: Her presentations to potential investors were among the best in New York. She had created the three best strategies the firm used. She was a prime asset the firm could not afford to lose.
That she helped solidify nervous investors who wanted to commit but were scared, using her body so magnificently, was not mentioned. Nor was the violation of her boss deciding to see what all the fuss was about and joining in. He was hooked on Sally. He even got down on his knees, right in front of half of the company. He presented her with a diamond ring he had picked up that morning at Harry Winston. She said no.
Rejected, her boss got angry. He was humiliated in front of his colleagues, and he took his revenge on Sally. There was a clause in the hundreds of pages she had signed when she began work at the firm. It was not just the usual boilerplate non-compete clause; it was a claw-back clause forcing her to return all benefits she had received above and beyond the minimum salary as a secretary. This was if she quit before the first 7 years at the company. It's an unusual condition, but she had agreed to it. She saw her own signature staring at her on the page.
She would also, of course, be blackballed. Rumors would spread that she had embezzled. They might even have her arrested, just to harass her. She would never work again for a hedge fund, and that's what she knew how to do.
With the money she would have left after the claw-back, her rent would not be affordable, and she would be dirt poor. She would also be evicted, and at least temporarily homeless. All the work she had done in NY for the last three years, all the success she had brought to the firm, all the men she had, well, you know, for the firm, all that would be gone. She would have to return to St. Paul.
All that took about 45 minutes to get out, with lots of tears and cries of hopeless desperation. She ended with, "The only good thing that has happened to me in New York is meeting you, Harry. And we have not yet even made love! I've slept with every man on Wall Street, and not yet with the man I love."
The "not yet with the man I love" is the only part that registered with me. Sally loves me? Or is it the sobbing desperation talking, and not the heart of the woman? Well, Harry, I thought to myself, believe what you want to believe: Sally loves me. I said, "Sally, I love you, too."
"Oh, Harry. You're such a sweet man. The sweetest man I've ever met. I do not deserve you. It's nice of you to try to cheer me up. But I know you cannot possibly love me after what you saw me do last night, and shit Harry, I was not coerced. I enjoyed it; I was not faking it! You cannot possibly love me knowing all that," Sally said. "Nobody can. No sane man wants a woman like me." Then she bawled.
"Sally, listen to me," I said. "I love you. I want you with me always. I'm not perfect, either, but I love you and I hope you really do love me. And I am sane, I assure you. Love is not rational. It just is."
We sat there. I broke the silence when I said, "Show me the ring."
"I threw it at him," she said, and we both laughed. "He's married! And he's married to the most wonderful woman I know. And he has two children! And yet he tried that shit? Just because he tricked me into fucking him on Saturday?"
"I'm sure it's more than that. He works with you all the time. You are a sexpot, and a sweetheart. Every man on Earth wants to bed you, to be with you, to be loved by you, Sally."
"And most of them have," she said, "Bedded me, that is." She spoke with a bitter laugh, and then she broke down crying again. She picked up her laptop, went online, and found the ring her boss had presented to her, from the Harry Winston web page. It was a $70,000 diamond engagement ring. It was one hell of a ring. "June has the same ring," she said. "He bought me the same ring as the one he bought his wife. Can you believe this?"
"Am I supposed to work with this pig, day after day? He now feels he can pinch my ass whenever he wants. And he does it in front of everyone. The whole office knows he fucked me. He's even told some of the men that I climaxed while he fucked me. It's so embarrassing, and shameful. I am going to be living in a state of constant humiliation," she said.
"I have an idea," I said. "It's a little sketchy, but it might work."
"I don't do sketchy," she said. "I do two men at once, even three if you count my boss. I do anal, I do bondage, I do most anything men want. But I don't do sketchy." Somehow Sally managed to convey total disgust with herself while saying that.
"Okay," I said. I just sat there, with her leaning on me, occasionally breaking down into fits of tears, for the next couple of hours. At one point, I found some things in her kitchen, and I made us some dinner. We ate it on the couch, and then we kissed, wonderfully, for around 15 minutes. I fondled her boobs a little through her clothes, and she softly moaned while I did that. But she was in no shape for me to push things, and I went home.
I woke at 5am. My doorbell was ringing, and whoever it was, he just kept ringing. I figured it was important. Some of my immediate neighbors in the building know that I had been a paramedic when in college, and I figured maybe a neighbor needed some medical help.
Another possibility was Mary Beth. She lives next door, and we got it on a few times. I like her, and she's good in bed. It was just neighborly sex, I guess. When she's horny, or emotionally needy, or just lonely and having trouble sleeping, sometimes she knocks.
So I prepared for Mary Beth at the door, and I was mentally prepared for a neighbor needing some medical help or advice. I was not, however, mentally prepared for what greeted me at the door. I put on my bathrobe and answered the door. Sally was there.
"How did you get in the building?" I asked.
"Your neighbor Mary Beth was coming home late from a date. She let me in. She was upset. Apparently, the date went badly, and she barely escaped a date rape. After I gave her comfort, we talked an hour or so. We talked mostly about you. She has a crush on you, you know. Did you two have a fling or something? She's very pretty. She says you are great in bed. You're also great standing up, and with her leaning over the kitchen counter. You're the best she's ever had. But it's over, she said. She cried, while I secretly smiled," Sally said all this at her 90 mph speed of speech.
"Mary Beth also watches me from her window, by the way," Sally continued, but now at a more natural speed of speech. "You could invite her over for my next show. You two could have another fling while you both watch. She would be thrilled." The last two sentences she said with traces of bitterness. I guess it was jealousy, actually.
Sally was wearing a long raincoat, which seemed strange since we were in a sunny period in New York, with no rain forecast for at least the next week. She was holding a bottle of good Scotch and a box of high quality chocolate creams. "May I come in?" she asked. "It's nicer than talking to you at your door, you know."
I gestured for her to come in. She walked around the apartment, checking it out, and ending in my bedroom. She had picked up two glasses in the kitchen, "Sorry for the mess. I was not expecting company at 5am," I said.
"Shush," Sally said. She poured us each a glass of Scotch, and offered me a chocolate cream. We each took one. "Eat and drink," Sally commanded.
We ate and drank. We were both silent. Sally rose, stood before me, and took off her raincoat. She had been naked under the coat, and now she was naked in front of me. "I hope I look better in person than in my window," she said. "What is that thing?" she asked, pointing to my parabolic microphone.
"It's a parabolic microphone. With it, I can listen to your moans, while you fuck the investors," I said, being brutally honest.
"Seriously?" she asked. "Does it really work?"
I nodded. I turned it on. "Listen," I said. "We can just barely hear your bedroom clock ticking."
"That is so cool! You are such a classy voyeur! I am so, so lucky," Sally said. She fell onto the bed, pulled me onto her, and kissed me passionately. When we came up for air, she said, "Lose the bathrobe." She said it with authority, so what could I do? I complied.
It was the best early morning of my life, and I will never forget it. I confirmed what I knew in my heart already to be true: Sally and I are sexually compatible. Boy, are we!
The next day I went to midtown, to Harry Winston. I bought an expensive diamond ring, even if it cost nowhere near $70k. Sally did not throw it at me; instead she slipped it on the ring finger of her left hand. It was too big, but Harry Winston resizes its rings for free. They should, given their prices!
Sally looked at me, scared. We kissed. We kissed again. And again. And again. Sally sighed. It was the glorious sigh of true contentment.
"What about Friday nights? You still going to work?" I asked.
"You don't understand, Harry. I'm really good. I'm the best woman in the entire hedge fund profession. This gives me an aura. I'm powerful. When a woman is powerful, pretty, and vulnerable, and she is presenting to these rich and powerful men, well basically it has the structure of a seduction," Sally explained.
Sally paused briefly, and then continued, "These men do not want to be seduced. They consider themselves to be 'the masters of the universe.' No, they want to seduce the woman. They want to dominate the woman. They want to punish the woman. They want to punish her for being strong. For tempting them. For making them feel desire they cannot control."
"The stronger, smarter, and better the woman is, the more they want to dominate her, to make her submit. Sex is a powerful way for them to do that. And, to be honest, I do love to submit and to be sexually used. It turns me on to a ferocious extent. It works, you know?" Sally said. "Before I fell in love with you, it was a win-win kind of thing."
"That makes sense to me. But as you say, that was before. Now you're mine. You don't have sex with a man again unless I tell you to. Unless I say you can," I said forcefully, hoping that might work. I did not know how to dominate a woman; I was making this up as I went along. I did not really want to dominate Sally, I just wanted to love Sally. I wanted her to love me, and to love only me.
It worked. Sally said, "God, I love you, Harry. I do. I love you so much. Okay: Only you from now on, unless you tell me different. I'm yours. Tell me what to do."
"Take off your clothes, Sally," I said. It was the first thing that came into my head.
"Here? Now?" Sally asked. She was trembling. We were in a park in the East Village. It was a community garden with a donation box. It was overgrown in a charming way, and nobody could see us from the street. Well, maybe they could if they carefully peeked through the plants, or something. Of course, anyone could enter the park at any time, and a few steps later they would see a vivacious, naked Sally.
"Yes," I said.
Sally removed her halter top. She was not wearing a bra, so now all that was left was her skirt. Her skirt is designed to be a constant tease: a fluffy, swishy skirt that is so short you always think a breeze will blow it up to show her panties, and it might, if she didn't hold it down with her hands during strong wind gusts. "Now your panties," I said. Sally slipped them off. She had no hesitation. Wow, I thought.
All that remained was her skirt and her shoes. She nervously looked around. "Give me your panties," I said. She did. She looked around some more. "Now lose the skirt."
Sally looked at me. If she took off her skirt she would be naked in a public park. I looked back at her. This was the moment: Would she submit? Sally slipped out of the skirt, and stood there, naked, nervously trembling before me. I suddenly realized she was hopelessly aroused. Her breath was uneven, and her pussy was glisteningly wet.
I got a thrill. I had never controlled a woman before, or even another human being. This was easy, and yes, I loved it. It was sexy, too.
"Good girl," I said. "Now come here and kiss me." Sally smiled, walked confidently the two feet distance to me, and she kissed me. I squeezed her ass, and she groaned. My fingers found her pussy and she moaned. A few minutes of some deft fingering, and she started to slip to her knees, but I held her up. "I love you, Harry."
I knew I had a strange woman on my hands, but boy did I love it. "I love you too, Sally. Let's fly to Vegas and get married."
"Now?"
"Now."
"Can I get dressed first?" Sally asked, and we both laughed. Sally dressed. There are few cabs in the far east of the East Village, so I ordered up a Lyft car.
That was ten years ago. It's been a tumultuous ten years, but we're still together, and we love each other more than we ever have. Sally has stayed just as beautiful, and just as sexy, even though she is now 35. Our daughter, by the way, is six, and she is quite precious.
Sally still works for the same asshole boss, and she still occasionally helps to convince hesitant investors in her time-honored way. We arrange it to make it a three way, so I am included. I record everything, and we watch it together, later. The hedge fund is flourishing, and we are both now rich.
We now live high up in a modern building, with large picture windows facing Central Park. Sally is still often nude in the window, and sometimes she makes love with her husband in the window, but only when our daughter is sound asleep. When you're six you can sleep through even Sally's moans.
I updated my limerick for the final time.
There once was a girl from next door
With charms that one could not ignore
Sexy and sweet
And always upbeat
She was perfect: One could never want more
My lover had a flaw: It was clear
The desire to cheat always near
But I kept her in check
With my hands round her neck
Since the girl is turned on by her fear
For her love was a love that was more than a love
And the sex was a tool, for her work or right here
But her love for her man was total, I'm sure.