"Jeff, I need to be sure that you're sure because if you're not sure then..." Amber let out a loud, frustrated sigh. "Are youabsolutelysure?"
"I amabsolutelysure." Jeff was his usual, collected self. Amber was absolutely positive nothing could shake the man's nerves. "Are you having second thoughts?"
Amber paused, looking at Jeff's light blonde hair that was sprinkled with grays on the sides of his temples. She had never felt safer with anyone than she does when she's with Jeff. Not even herself sometimes.
"I am not having second thoughts about... The act itself. I guess I'm just worried about the possibility of rejection. I mean, won't that make things weird for you two at the office?"
"That is certainly a possibility but Elijah and I work in different departments. We hardly see each other. Besides, at the end of the day, we're both grown men. We can either talk it out or let it be awkward. Regardless, that's forusto worry about."
Amber exhaled, attempting to push all her worries away.
"Something's still bothering you." Jeff always knew when Amber wasn't 100% on board with something and he couldn't continue to fulfill her fantasy unless she was sure.
"I don't know. I guess it's been so long since I've been with anyone else... Old nerves die hard. I want to be desired and I want to be sexy and hot and..." Jeff was smiling wide at his wife. The smile was so innocent that it distracted Amber from her thoughts.
"Sweetheart, you aresofucking sexy and desired that - in the rare chance that Elijah says no - we'd have 15 other guys lined up at my office door. Do you seriously think if Elijah rejected us, it would be because ofyou?"
Jeff was also someone who didn't appreciate his own good looks and the touch of gray moving though his follicles gave him the thinnest layer of insecurity. Amber could easily have been a model with her bright red hair, her beautiful, large hazel eyes and the freckles that seemed to be dusted all over her hourglass figure. By now, the two were giggling and Amber's nerves had faded to a glimmer of excitement.
"OK, OK. I'm in. Go ask him."
"First, I need to hear you say you're sexy," said Jeff. Amber responded with a swift eye roll.
"I'm sexy."
There was a small but thoughtful pause.
"Are you?"
Amber fixed her posture at the question and suddenly, an alluring aura encompassed her. She swayed her hips toward her husband.
"You bet your ass I am."
Jeff inhaled, more exasperated than either of them would have expected and smiled proudly at his wife. His heartbeat quicker and with a loud gulp, he said, "You take my fucking breath away."
⟡
Jeff watched Amber's manicured fingers grasp the brassy door handle. She entered the hotel room with power in every step. Her floor-length black silk dress flowed behind her, creating the image of the goddess that the men had only dreamed they'd have the chance to be with. Jeff followed silently. He was nearly invisible compared to her presence.
"Hello boys," Amber said with an incredible smile as she stood with a fit, slender thigh exposed through the slit up to her hip. The slits at either side of her dress ran so high, Jeff was amazed she hadn't exposed herself during the evening. The deep V neckline was threatening to do the same and it didn't take an intuitive to feel the room shift when she walked in with all that exposed skin.
Elijah sat with his perfect, muscular body nearly nude on the only bed in the room. The only thing between him and full nudity were his skin-tight boxer briefs, outlining every inch of him. There were two large, leather wing-backed chairs sitting at the foot of the bed. One sat empty as it was clearly waiting for Jeff, while the other was occupied by a muscular man with snow-white hair.
His hair color, or lack thereof, was the only indication of aging on this man as the rest of him seemed to have hardly aged at all. Amber didn't know his name but Jeff knew him as Reagan. He was a well known and to many, a divine, CEO of a company called Amina Incorporated.
The two had crossed paths so many times before and Amber had requested there be a stranger in the room...Enjoying himself.The stranger was only allowed if he was at least an acquaintance of Jeff and it was as if Reagan had fallen perfectly into their laps. He wore all black, which was a stark difference to his platinum white hair and the buttons to his shirt was unbuttoned just down to his pecks, exposing the slightest amount of chest hair. The CEO wore a gold Rolex on his wrist that shone against his hazel brown eyes. They, too, burned with passionate flames. Despite the fire that burned within him, there was an intense sense of safety and security about him.
The door closed behind Jeff as Elijah crawled slowly to the edge of the bed to meet Amber where she stood and soon, Jeff was at Reagan's side sitting in his very own wing-backed chair. The room was dimly lit, save for the lights illuminating the wall behind the headboard and small groups of candles lit all over the hotel room.
Bright red flower petals decorated the floor. The wall next to the bed was hardly a wall at all. It was more of a giant window with a bit of wall framing it. The curtains were drawn and all four of them had a perfect view of the city. The LED's escaping the skyscrapers windows further illuminated the room as a shiver of excitement slithered up Amber's spine.
Still, on all fours, Elijah's big brown eyes gazed up longingly at the beauty before him. At that moment, he was as eager as a puppy, sitting on the edge of his seat, waiting impatiently for whatever would come next. Amber ran her perfectly manicured finger along Elijah's jaw from his ear to his chin. He inhaled deeply, dwelling on the delicate touch with his eyes heavily lidded.
"Such a handsome man," Amber began while her ruby red smile transformed into a smirk. "All for me?"
Elijah responded with eager, silent nods. Amber's giggles lit up the room. Any awkward energy had thoroughly evaporated and the men smiled and laughed with the red-haired beauty. When the moment had died down, Amber leaned forward until her lips hovered not even an inch away from Elijah's ear.
The rest of the room faded into the background as Elijah's senses were flooded with everything Amber. He felt her hot breath beside him and could practically see and taste her voluptuous breasts nearly spilling out of her dress.
Oh, how he wanted those breasts.
He could see the freckles that dusted her neck, collar bones, and chest, and wondered what other smooth skin those beautiful freckles kissed.
"Will you undress me, Elijah?"
Butterflies fluttered deep in his gut. Elijah had only dreamt of this moment since he had met this incredible woman. He stood to meet her and the two paused in front of the window, illuminated once again by the city lights. The dark-haired man delicately moved behind Amber and slipped his fingers under the shoulder straps of her dress before pulling the cloth to the side and down her arms before the top of the dress fell away lazily. Amber stood in front of the men with her perfect, perky, teardrop breasts exposed and she had never felt such an adrenaline rush. Soon she felt Elijah tug down the waist of her dress. It was the last thing that held the outfit on her body and soon, all the black silk was on the floor, circling her feet like a shiny black portal.
She had never been so vulnerable, so exposed, this way to this many men at once and for a sliver of a moment, her doubt came to the forefront of her thoughts.
'What if they don't find me attractive?'
Her uncertainty fizzled when Elijah laid his hands on her hips from behind and groaned in her ear. She could feel every inch of the muscular man on her back, and that included his hard on being pressed between her thighs.
"You..." Elijah nearly growled. "Aresofucking gorgeous." Amber smiled, feeling her power rising in her abdomen. She let Elijah's hands roam around her thighs as her eyes were locked into Jeff's.
She needed to be closer.
Amber knew she was the show for Jeff and the mysterious, Reagan, but what they didn't know was thattheywere the show forher. She broke away from Elijah to sit on the corner of the bed and as they moved, the whole air of the room adjusted.
Reagan decided he'd make himself more comfortable by freeing his hard cock from the tight confines of his pants while Elijah, kneeling on his knees before Amber's regal beauty, delicately removed her heels from her pedicured feet.
Elijah, craving Amber's skin more and more with each passing second, allowed his hungry mouth to explore the woman's slender legs. He placed hot kisses here and there and let the tip of his tongue flick her skin the higher he got. He never broke his intense gaze on her, even when her eyes would move from him and lock into her husband's own aroused glance.
"Do you like watching this delicious man kiss all over my body?" Amber asked her husband innocently. Jeff smiled, nodded and released a groan of approval. There wasn't a sense of humiliation about their dynamic but rather - admiration. It was almost as though he felt so highly of his wife it would be a shame for hernotto share herself with others if that's what she would choose to do.
And shedid.
Jeff filled with pride while Elijah's kisses got deeper and eventually, he was sucking and nibbling at the inside of Amber's freckle kissed thighs. His fingers rose to delicately tweak her hard, pink nipples while his tongue slid over her panties where her clit would be beneath.
By now, Amber had been wet and had a hard time not pushing her panties to the side before hopping on Elijah's cock, right then and there - but she loved the slow attention. The build-up. Elijah hooked his finger around Amber's black lace thong, earning himself a momentary halt.
"Ah, ah, ah..." Amber began. "You first, honey."
Elijah smiled wide and rose from his place. He was so eager to show off his own girth to both Amber and their own personal audience. He hoped his throbbing cock would wet her panties all the more and when he pulled down his own, damp boxer briefs, his cock bounced up. Amber's delighted moans nearly made him coat the floor.
"What do you think, stranger?" Amber asked Reagan. "Should I let him eat my pussy until I come all over his gorgeous face?"
Reagan nodded, pumping himself steadily. A thick bead of sweat ran down the tuft of hair by his temple and his previously groomed hair was disarrayed. His steamy hot breath filled the air. Reagan was so strong looking. Both Amber and Elijah wouldn't have minded if he wanted to join them, but watching him stroke himself needily was just as fun.
Soon, they changed positions. Amber hovered on her knees at the edge of the bed facing the strong men in their wing-backed chairs, while Elijah laid on his back on the bed with his head between Amber's athletic thighs. Within seconds, Elijah's incredibly skilled tongue swirled around her labia minora. She gasped at the unexpected, instant heat as she gripped both sides of Elijah's face. She wasn't sure how she would steady herself through the pleasure, but at the moment, she couldn't care.
"Oh my God, that feels so good." Amber moaned. She was finally beginning to relax into the pleasure when her doubts began to creep back into her mind.
'What if they don't actually want me? What if they're just doing this as a favor to Jeff?'
Amber glanced at her husband's pleased expression before letting her heavy lids close. Wet, hot, circles of warmth moved from her hole to her clit and suddenly, she remembered -
"Listen, I want you to know that you're in charge. Of course, I'll be there to watch and get a show - and if anything goes even slightly wrong, I'll be there - but as far as that goes... I haven't told the guy's what to do or what to say. It's all you, babe. Everything that happens... Well, let's just say it won't be choreographed."
Amber snapped back to reality - to the hot groans and moans of the men who burned for her. Jeff bit his lip, growling loudly.
"You like that, don't you babe? Is Elijah doing a good job eating your sweet pussy?"
Amber nodded lazily. Her insides twitched and swelled and she wasn't sure if she could keep herself stable on Elijah's face much longer.
"It feels so good," she moaned. "Should I come all over his face? Should I c-come..." Amber's words faded to a moan as her hips began to grind and roll.
"Mm. Drench his face, sweetie." Reagan moaned, pumping himself harder... Faster. Jeff leaned forward in his chair, his eyes were so intense as his elbows rested on his knees. Without blinking, he asked -
"Do youwantto come on his face?"
It was an odd, out of the moment genuine inquiry.
"Yes." Amber moaned quietly, riding Elijah's tongue just a little bit faster. "Yes."
A little bit louder now.
It was at that moment that Amber realized that she hadn't been waiting for these gorgeous mens' permission to come. She had been waiting for her own permission to come.
"Yes," she continued validating herself over and over again.
"Yes! Yes!" Amber cried. She ran her hands through her vibrant red hair. "I'm coming!"
Her body quivered at her thighs and slowly moved up as her orgasm tingled and moved within her. She didn't feel the need to quiet her moans. She felt too free for that now as her erotic voice filled the hotel room. She wanted anyone outside the sacred walls to hear, to know the pleasure she endured.
Although, it wasn't her voice alone that filled the room. Seeing Amber writhe and shiver on Elijah's mouth threw Reagan into his own orgasmic climax. He shifted forward to the edge of his seat and aimed his throbbing cock down to the hardwood floor.
"Oh fuck... Oh f-f-fuck! Yes, sweetie. Come on his face. Fu-" Reagan's load shot out of him intensely, before Amber moved down to hover over Elijah's chest. She looked him in the eye and out of breath, she moaned.
"Please-"Huff."Please fuck me."
A dirty smirk crossed Elijah's dark features.
"Yes ma'am." He practically growled as he rolled the two of them over through a surprised yelp and giggles. Amber was so beautiful on her back. Her red hair against the mattress fell around her face and shoulders like an orange waterfall. She was magical.
Although he had already reached completion, Reagan continued stroking himself to the sight of Amber and Elijah. His orgasm only proved to provide momentary bliss before his cock twitched with need once again. Was he hornier than usual or were the two of them extremely alluring? Elijah collapsed onto Amber and soon his hips were rolling into her, crashing like waves on a shore.
Amber had never been with a man who used his body in such a way and she could do nothing but grip his hips and pull him closer. Her legs were spread beneath him, her eyes were squeezed shut and her moans grew loud from the stimulation of her swollen G spot. Elijah continued his rhythmic thrusting.
"Faster," Amber moaned. Elijah grunted in her ear with each sensual movement of his pelvis and soon he was rising to his knees. Elijah gripped Amber's hips hard with purpose and fucked into her until her head was dangling off the corner of the bed. Her supple breasts heaved with each hard thrust and Elijah's moans only grew hotter and louder.
Amber's eyes broke open when she felt a pair of familiar hands encompass her face. Hovering above her, aroused and nearly satisfied, was her husband. His own eyes connected with and burned with hers and just the site of it caused Amber's warm walls to swell drastically around Elijah.
"Do you like Elijah's cock filling you up?"
"Yes..." The mounting pleasure taking over her body hardly allowed her to speak. "Y-yes."
Jeff's thumb teased Amber's plump red lips and before he knew it, he felt the intimate flicks of her tongue on his digits.
"Wait," Amber breathed and the second she did so, all motion stopped. Elijah had pulled out of her and backed away slightly while Jeff did the same.
"Are you OK?" - "What's up?" - "D-did I hurt you?"
Concern filled the air. The men speaking crossed one another and Amber felt her heart swell at the delicacy and consideration. Still, she didn't want to lose the heat.
"I'm fine fellas! I'm fine!" She giggled, bringing the light back to the room. "I simply wanted... To get... On my knees." Amber's voice was as smooth and rich as chocolate as she positioned herself on all fours. Her dripping pussy faced Elijah and her own face sat a mere inch or two away from Jeff.
Amber turned her head to tell Elijah to continue and she saw something she didn't know would change her perception of herself, for the better, forever. She had completely forgotten the large closet next to the bed on the opposite wall of the window. This closet had attached a large mirror, sliding door.
It reflected their silhouettes with the city lights in the background. The candles provided just enough light to make out the details of their bodies and faces, but the sight nearly startled amber as she had completely forgotten the mirror was there. The group carried on, however, with Elijah behind Amber, fucking into her sweet spot just right.
Jeff was still face to face with his freckled wife as his hand continued to caress her, thumbing her glistening red lips. Amber's tongue slid out of her mouth and circled Jeff's thumb as her body moved with the push and pull of penetration.
Suddenly, she caved to her own desires and pushed Jeff's middle finger deep in her mouth. She sucked and sucked, moaning as she deepthroated his longest finger. A smile played in her eyes as she watched Reagan stroke his still stiff cock to the sight of her.
"Harder," she breathed.
Elijah cried with pleasure as his thrusts became more and more erratic. Amber's eyes moved to her reflection once again and it was then she noticed how beautiful she was - how desirable she was. Not to the men in the room who had clearly shown their desire for her, but to herself.
She complimented her own big, beautiful eyes. Her hair which sometimes frizzed, her curves which sometimes didn't sit right, even the little dips in her hips which she always hated. She watched as her freckled breasts moved beneath her, salivating at her nipples which were so erect and pink. Her walls continued contracting around Elijah's cock.
"I'm so close," she cried before replacing her mouth on Jeff's finger, receiving a moan from him. He felt like she was trying to suck the life out of it and he loved every moment. The sight wassofucking erotic.
"I'm... I'm so... So close." Reagan's breath grew loud. It was so hot in that room. His breaths were heavy.
"Fuck," he muttered under his breath, cumming for a second time that evening. "Fu... Arg! Arrgh!" He growled, spilling his seed in the same spot.
"Oh, God! Oh God! Fuck, you're so fucking hot I'm... I'm... Yes!" Amber cried as her own orgasm sent shock waves through her. They were small at first, but they grew larger to the point they were nearly unbearable as she drenched Elijah's member, writhing and convulsing with pleasure. She hadn't even finished coming when finally, Elijah's breath hitched and he pulled out of the beautiful woman's warmth before his semen coated her back.
Elijah's abs flexed, expanding and contracting with each moan until there was nothing left of his load.
There were no more moans. No more thumps as the headboard banged against the wall. In fact, there was no noise left in the room, save for the hot, exhausted breaths while the four sat in their spots, dazed.
Amber's eyes never left her reflection. A sweet, satisfied smile met her face. The red head had never had an orgasm quite like that, then again, she had never watched herself have sex before. Amber never knew how much she desired herself. She never knew of thewant.
That February 14th, Amber had learned something new about herself, her body, her mind and her pleasure. The knowledge alone was a wonderful Valentine's Day gift, but just as well, she received a present that couldn't be bought or returned, and she received it from herself.