The Mrs. surprised me with an in-home massage. The massage table was already set up in the den with the shutters and pocket doors closed, giving the large room a cozy feeling. A few candles, scented oils and soft music completed the vibe.
It had been a huge week for me and this treat was just the thing to start my weekend with some much needed muscle work.
The masseuse entered the room looking fresh and smelled of the finest aroma therapy products on the market.
She was petite, bronze and super fit with long hair that fell just short of her tailbone. The introductions made, Kira flashed a dazzling smile as she invited me to strip down to my boxer briefs.
She excused herself, giving me a bit of privacy to undress.
"Enjoy." smirked the Mrs. as she gave me a peck on the cheek and headed towards the kitchen.
"Ready?" came Kira's voice from the other room.
"All set."
Kira and the Mrs. came back in the den with a pitcher of ice water and fresh lemons from our garden. A few sips and some light chatting; Kira got started.
She had strong hands and knew just where to dig deep. Within seconds- I felt my body relax and my breathing slowed.
"Let me know if you want me to go harder or softer." Kira said softly as her hands stripped the stress of the week away. The room was just right, Kira was very good at her craft and I was blissed out.
I heard the Mrs. come back into the den.
"How's it going in here?"
I lifted my head to reply when I noticed she had changed her clothes. She looked amazing and clearly dressed to impress.
"It's awesome."
I watched her walk toward the head of the massage table and pull out a chair to face me. As she sat down, I noticed she was wearing the long black fetish boots I had gifted her but she had never worn.
With a puzzled look on my face, I caught her eye and instantly knew she was up to something. She didn't say a word, but her smirk spoke volumes.
I placed my face back in the hole in the massage table and wondered what game was afoot.
She was always one step ahead of me and impossible to surprise. She had me again and I wondered where this train was headed.
Seeing my bride in the boots for the first time gave me a shiver. I could tell the Mrs. was enjoying watching me squirm.
That particular kind of mind fuck has always been a trigger. She knew exactly how to tease me and, sure enough, the more I realized her intent to push my buttons, the more aroused I became. I was powerless to stop the raging hard-on that pushed its way up my stomach.
Then came the dreaded command.
"Ok, it's time to flip." Kira said in a cheerful voice. "I'll hold the sheet for you so you can turn over." She added in a professional tone.
Did Kira know? Was she in on these reindeer games or was I about to make things super awkward? There was no time to stall, she was already holding the sheet up and over my body.
I could feel the wicked enthusiasm coming from my naughty bride. With a deep breath to ease my nerves, I rolled over.
The sheet was released and as if by slow motion, it glided down on a cushion of air.
I dared not look down and bring more attention to my plight. I just stared at the ceiling as I felt the last breath of air slip away from the descending sheet.
There was a moment when I thought Kira was too focused to notice my little soldier.
The Mrs. was up and standing next to the massage table opposite of Kira. I stared up at the ceiling feeling my face redden and heat up. Kira was the first to speak.
"Oh my." she said in a lyrical voice. "What do we have here?"
By now the Mrs. had stepped to the foot of the table and I felt her begin to slowly pull the sheet down down my body.
"Let's have a look."
Paralyzed with humiliation and completely turned on- I was glued to the table, unable to do more than twitch and shake. The sheet fell away from my toes, and there I was with my John Thomas peeking out over the waistband of my briefs.
"Clearly somebody wants to say hello." Kira laughed.
"I think you're right. Ok Honey, get off that table, open the shutters and stand in front of the window."
I found myself looking down on the scene as if I were having an out of body experience. I watched myself get up, move to the big picture windows, open the shutters and present myself.
"Good Boy." The Mrs. purred. "Now hook your thumbs into the waistband of your skivvies and slowly pull them down all the way to the floor. Can you do that for me?"
"Yes Ma'am."
Every hair on my legs sent jolts of electricity through my body as my underwear slid past each follicle.
"What do you think Kira? Should we let him step out of his panties or keep them around his ankles?," the Mrs. asked with a chuckle.
"Definitely his ankles." Kira laughed. "Way more humiliating."
I was breathless with overwhelm and embarrassment. My head hung low as my backside faced the window and I could not bring myself to look at the laughing ladies.
"Turn around nice and slow for us." The Mrs. instructed.
As I began my 360, I felt my eyes shut tight, tight, tight. I could not bear to see out the window and discover if anyone was outside watching the show. My vulnerability scale was off the charts as I was completely exposed. The Mrs. could see my paralyzing fear.
"Ok Honey, it looks like you're about to pass out. Go ahead and step away from the window."
With a huge sigh of relief and gratitude, I side-stepped away from the frighting public display.
Kira popped up from her seat, grabbed her massage oil and held it out to me.
"Give me your filthy little dick beater."
I held out my hand and Kira squeezed a palm full of slick stuff.
"Feeling better?"
"Yes Ma'am, thank you." I said in a small voice.
"Great news! So then why don't you get back in front of the window and punch that little clown of yours for us." The Mrs. said with a smirk.
"Go go go! Don't keep us waiting. Kira said with a giggle.
"Slowly! We want a good show," commanded my bride.
I was not going anywhere until the show was over and I knew it. I stepped in front of the window again and held my oil loaded palm over my li'l soldier and let the oil drizzle. I slid my wet paw down my stomach and gently traced my index finger down the length of my shaft and around the helmet. With a twitch of my rod, it was no secret how ready I was to get busy.
"Mmmm... Not yet Honey. Just one finger. We want to see you grow good and hard before you get to use your whole hand."
I continued to drag my digit across and around my fun stick. It was sweet agonizing bliss to be allowed only one finger while performing for the ladies.
My body gave away my every emotion as it twitched and gyrated with a naughty need to spill my seed. It was clear to all that I was rigid and ready to grab and go.
"Ok hot stuff, make me proud." My Mrs. said in a taunting tone.
I was so deep in the moment, I didn't care who saw me. I was greedy to cum and I needed it now. I wrapped my hand around my man meat and pounded.
The ladies seemed amused and completely entertained as I struggled. It's so much harder for me to cum when standing. I had to really work for it and the ladies could tell it was a challenge. It seemed that my effort only made their entertainment all the better.
My old friend; the tailbone tingle started working its way through my undercarriage. With a deep breath and some focus, I sent the energy down my legs and up my body. My spine curled and left knee popped as I shot my man butter two feet across the tiled floor. There is a spot deep inside my helmut that gets super sensitive right after I blow. I wasted no time pushing and rubbing that special spot to maximize my ecstasy.
"Good job baby. What do you say to our guest?"
"Thank you Kira for the lovely massage and allowing me to perform for you." I said as I was trying to catch my breath.
"I think he is ready for the rest of the massage now." Kira laughed.
What a great start to my weekend.