My mind turned for the hours' drive to your house the following evening, contemplating the pros and cons of taking you up on your offer. Undecided about what to do, my toy had been packed, and was tucked in the bottom of my overnight bag.
On the downside, I was very nervous about the idea of using my toys in your house, and the potential of you hearing me. You were a good friend, and I didn't want to cross a line and ruin our friendship.
On the upside, the suggestion you had made would give me the orgasm my body so desperately craved; and, in complete honesty, that was of higher importance to me in that moment.
My mind battled back and forth for the duration of the drive, before I finally reached a decision as I pulled into your street. I determined that I would play the evening by ear; if I still wanted it that badly when I crawled into bed that night, I would wait until you were asleep and pull my toys out then.
* * *
The bartender passed our drinks over to you, and we turned to find our favourite table; not in the middle of all the action (it was Friday night, and the pub was bound to get a little rowdy), but not so far away that our mates would miss our presence entirely.
Dinner ordered, we turned our attention to each other. It had been a few months since my last visit, having moved away about a year earlier. I missed you terribly and, although we spoke on the phone weekly, it just wasn't the same as catching up in person.
Talk of the offer made was noticeably absent, as we discussed everything else under the sun. Work, family, mutual friends and relationships; my dating stories were always entertaining to friends, as I somehow managed to get myself into situations that just didn't seem to happen to other people. If I got a laugh out of the things that happened, I figured my friends would too; supporting this theory, I took particular delight as you choked on your beer as I told you the story of my last date, a man who licked my face as we were saying goodbye that evening (I swear, I don't know why, but it always seems to happen to me!).
After a few wines, a delicious buzz overtook my body, and I could feel my pussy start to dampen. I silently scolded myself; I was not a big drinker at the best of times, and I should've recalled that I got flirty while drinking white wine and tended to get turned on very easily.
Reaching our drinking limit (you had been drinking three beers to each one of my glasses of wine), you reached for your phone and ordered an Uber. Walking out the door, not completely drunk, just pleasantly tipsy, we slid into the backseat of the car (an upside to living in a small town was that the Uber never took long to arrive, and it was a two minute drive from the pub to your house).
Pulling up to your house, we laughed walking down your driveway, your dog meeting us with excitement as the front door swung open.
Picking up my overnight bag from inside the front door, you guided me to the spare room and flicked on the light. The cosy room was a welcome and familiar sight to me.
"You know where everything is, Jess," you told me, dropping the bag onto the bed.
"Help yourself to brekkie and coffee in the morning," you said, turning away from me, stepping toward your bedroom.
"Oh, and Jessie?" you asked, turning back to meet my eye. "The offer still stands."
You nodded at me and turned away, your bedroom door closing behind you.
Startled, having momentarily forgotten your offer, I stood still in the bedroom, eventually moving to pull the door closed. There had been an issue with the latch on this door for as long as I could remember, and it never closed completely, standing about an inch open.
I pulled my shirt over my head, and unzipped my skirt, letting both drop to the floor, leaving me standing in only my bra and lace panties.
Determined to behave myself, I moved my overnight bag next to the bed and switched the lamp on and the overhead light off. Sliding into bed, the covers cool against my naked skin, I pulled my novel from my bag and opened it to the bookmark.
Losing myself in the words, my mind drifted, becoming completely absorbed by the world created by my favourite writer.
* * *
It was a shock to me when I awoke with a start soon after. Checking the time, I noticed that it had been an hour since I had slid into bed. The dreams imagined during my brief sleep had been a mixture of the story I had been reading and a creation of my own mind; I recalled that they were also incredibly sexual, feeling the dampness of my panties.
I pressed my legs together, struggling to stifle my naughty mood; my mind, however, had other ideas. I glanced back at my phone; after an hour, surely you would be asleep and I could afford the brief play time I needed, and the orgasm my body so desperately craved.
The bedside lamp casting a faint glow around the room, I rolled to my side to fumble in the bag, pulling my toy from it.
My hand wrapped around its thickness, recalling the heat and intensity I had felt the night before, the same need suddenly overtaking my body.
Pulling my phone from the bedside table, I opened a browser tab of my favourite porn clip, a woman being filled by two men at the same time. With a soft moan, I pushed the firm toy inside my pussy, its girth filling me with a satisfying thickness. Watching the actress, mind racing as I imagined myself in her position, my actions fastened. Emboldened by the time elapsed since we had said goodnight, and certain that you were well and truly asleep, I lost myself in sensation. Not bothering to clasp the hand over my mouth as I usually would to stifle my sounds, instead letting my heavy breath and soft moans fill the silence of the bedroom.
The speed of my toy increasing, I thrust it in and out of my tight, wet pussy as my fingers deftly circled my clit, the volume of my moans increasing.
A loud "oh" escaped me, my eyes shut tight as I focused solely on the wave of pleasure rolling through my body. The hand lifted from my clit to my breasts, gently pinching my nipple and rolling it between my fingers. Continuing to tweak my nipple, the soft sharp pains sending bolts of pleasure to further wet my already drenched panties.
The video of the woman being stuffed forgotten, my mind was now solely on the sensations rolling through my body.
I have never been a quiet lover, nor do I like to be quiet when alone. I enjoyed the noise of sex, the moans and groans and gasps and begging. Further, I love dirty talk - asking my man for exactly what I want, telling him what more I need, or how much I need him, calling each other naughty names. Although things might get a little intense in the heat of the moment, they are said with affection - and, at the time, desperately needed.
Although alone in that moment, I knew what I desperately needed. Knowing that I was alone and couldn't be heard, I couldn't help but let that need escape my lips.
"Oh," I moaned, with a deep guttural frustration. "Please," I begged, a desperate edge in my soft voice, "please, fuck me."
My pleas were not to anyone in particular, and the fantasy remained for me that the thick toy in my pussy was real, that I was in the place of the voluptuous actress I had been watching earlier, as she swallowed one man as another fucked her pussy. Just the memory of the sight, the thought of my body in that position, was enough to make my pussy gush.
The rush of pleasure rolling through my body heightened as I could feel my body teetering on the edge of orgasm, very aware that it would take the slightest push further to send me tumbling into a mindless orgasm where I lost complete control.
A soft noise registered, and my eyes flew open, looking to the edge of the door, slightly ajar. I was startled to see your shadow, dark eyes staring back at me. It appeared that you hadn't been asleep as I had assumed...either that or the noise of my masturbation had awoken you.
The knowledge that I was being watched in such an intimate moment sent a thrill through my body, causing a deep moan to escape my lips. I could see your dark eyes on my body, watching my lips form an "oh" as I gasped and moaned, watching my body writhe and arch under the light blanket. Moving down, your eyes focussed on the hand on my milky breast, teasing my body, while the other fucked the toy deep in my slick pussy (or so you imagined, as this was hidden and you could only see the movement of the blanket).
Your slight movements were visible in the dim light outside the bedroom, and I wondered whether you were stroking yourself while watching me. I couldn't help but wonder how long you'd been there ... were you awake only once you heard my soft cries, or had you been watching the whole time?
Looking back up to meet my eyes, I could see a dark desire consume you as you continued to watch me.
I knew it was naughty to do this while you were watching, but I was past the point of return. I was unwilling to forgo the orgasm that my body so desperately needed and craved simply because you were watching; in fact, your eyes upon me in such an intimate moment only heightened the sensation.
I met your eyes, silently questioning whether you were ok with this, as I continued to pleasure myself. You nodded back at me, your eyes focused on my body.
Your nod was all the permission I needed. My eyes closed, I allowed myself to focus on my desires, and nothing else. The vibrations of the thick toy seemed to get stronger as wave upon wave of pleasure rolled through my body, soft cries escaping me, as I eventually reached the height of pleasure before allowing myself to tumble into an overwhelming orgasm.
A loud exclamation of pleasure escaped my lips as my back arched and toes curled, every fibre of my being on fire and tingling with the pleasure coursing through my body. My pussy gushed my sweet juices over the already wet vibrator, as the muscles clenched around the still buzzing toy, desperate to take advantage of the last waves of pleasure.
Coming down from my orgasm, my eyes slowly opened to meet yours, feeling you looking back at me.
I removed my wet fingers from my panties, raising them to my mouth to lick my sweet juices from my fingers. I heard a soft moan escape your mouth as your movements fastened. Suddenly, you took a step back from the door, into the darkness, and it was as though you hadn't been there at all.
Rolling onto my side, I let the drowsiness that came with an orgasm overtake me. I would have to find some way to express to you just how grateful I was for allowing me exactly what I needed.