Susan Discovers her inner Exhibitionist on a Nude Beach
NOTICE: Copyright © 2016 -- This is an original work by EdwardKalb and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized any submission to any other site.
Author's Note: This continues the journey of a man and a woman in their fifties trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In previous stories, the experiences of a vacation to the Caribbean proved life-changing - and marriage saving.
This is a story about sexual exploration through discovering the power of a woman's inner exhibitionist. This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. In Chapter 3 a woman discovers she enjoys being an exhibitionist. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you.
**************************
Susan made her way out of the water and walked slowly along the waterline in less-than-knee deep water. She noticed at least a half dozen men staring at her as she emerged from the water. Edward saw them too. He actually thought she might cover up with her hands, but she did not give in to her nerves. She raised both arms to pull her hair back behind her head to squeeze out any excess water. The act appeared to accentuate her breasts, with her shoulders back and breasts held high. Edward believed she was really loving, even embracing, being naked in front of perhaps a hundred others on the beach.
Edward stayed at the waterline and watched his wife walk down the beach. Susan was beautiful and her confidence was sexy. He noticed men following Susan, their heads turning in her direction as she passed them and as she continued her walk down the beach. Perhaps they thought she was a single female. Whatever, Susan looked amazing and Edward could not be more proud.
Susan was feeling sexy, in a "just fucked" sort of way. As she passed three couples and several guys, none of them naked, she thought about the naughtiness of what she was doing; walking naked and alone on the beach. She actually gave them a little flirty smile as she passed them. She seemed to walk with her shoulders further back, pushing her tits out further.
Then she happened to notice a guy, in his mid-40's she guessed, watching her from his sun lounger as she strolled. He seemed to be watching her every move. Susan felt her nipples hardening. She wondered if that was due to her body still wet from just coming out of the water, or....... was this from the visual attention she was getting from this guy?
As she wandered closer towards him, he just continued to stare, not even bothering to shift his eyes away. Susan thought, "Here is this guy brazenly staring at me - and not even attempting to be subtle about it!" She looked at his cock. It was uncircumcised, like just about every other guy on the beach. And it was huge, even while flaccid. Just then she realized Edward's cum was oozing down her leg.
Incredibly, Susan felt even more turned on and..... a little slutty. She casually strolled closer towards the man. She turned towards the sea and bent over to splash water first over her shoulders and then her pussy to try to wash some of the cum off her legs. She took her time, intentionally giving this guy a little show. She figured if he wants to stare, he should get his monies worth.
She turned to him, his eyes were still drinking her in. Their eyes met and Susan did something unintentionally. She winked. Then she made her way to waist deep water, leaned back, and floated on her back. From the time she was a little girl, Susan always loved the feeling of floating. Her eyes closed, she was floating for at least 5 minutes and going wherever the sea was taking her. She was in her own little peaceful water world.
Getting the odd sensation of somebody watching her, she opened her eyes and was startled to find the guy from the beach no more than 4 feet from her! Startled she stood up, her body dripping with water. The guy smiled. But his eyes first looked into hers, then slowly his eyes dropped to Susan's tits. The sea water glistened in the sun as it dripped off her hardening nipples. Then the man's eyes continued a slow caress of her body eventually settling on her just fucked and still swollen pussy lips.
Oddly the sensations of being completely naked in front of a stranger were not overwhelming her. She did not even attempt to cover herself. Instead she let this man who now moved even closer to her unabashedly admire her body. Susan felt flushed with heat as she watched this stranger take her all in, now just an arm's length away.
He spoke just a few words to her, in Greek. Not understanding more than just a few Greek words, Susan told him she did not understand him and asked him if he spoke English. He did not. Just then, Susan noticed his enormous cock bobbing in the waist-deep water. She gasped at the sight of this enormous, uncut monster.
Susan's body felt like an electrical shock was being passed through it as she once more felt her skin flush. But this time she recognized it not being caused by embarrassment, but by her arousal.
"Beautiful, isn't it?" Edward's voice startled Susan as he finally caught up to her.
"What?" a stunned Susan turned to see Edward walking towards her.
"The clear water, the beach, everything, it's just beautiful here isn't it?" Edward finally caught up to his wife.
The guy with the monster dick turned and walked back to the beach to his sun lounger.
Susan was not only a little startled, but she felt a little embarrassed.
Edward pulled Susan into his arms. They kissed.
"That was pretty hot!"
"What?"
"I was watching as you walked up the beach. As people passed you, I watched as guys turned to check out your ass," Edward said excitingly, turned on by the outgoing sexiness of his wife.
Susan too had noticed several guys stealing glances her way. She looked around at the naked women on the beach. There were some really good looking women, some even younger than her, on this beach. Most were slim and trim, with flat tummies and nice perky boobs. Others were her age with tight bodies and shaved pussies. And yet, somehow she was the one that caught the attention of guys. She felt good about herself. She thought to herself, "I know that my pussy is getting wet being naked in front of all these people, but I had no idea I could still turn on guys like that!"
Interrupting her thoughts, Edward continued, "I watched as you floated in the water, your tits sticking out of the water and your pussy just below. I was watching as guys watched you. I watched as that particular guy got up from his sun lounger and made a beeline directly to where you were floating. He certainly had a big one! Didn't he?"
Susan didn't quite know how to react. "Well, I really didn't notice."
"Bullshit! I call bullshit! What do you mean you didn't notice? The thing was huge!! I thought you were going to bump into it when you were floating, he was so close. Did he say anything to you?" Truth was, Edward was turned on by the attention his wife was getting from another man.
"He did, but I didn't understand Greek," Susan explained, no longer seeming at all uncomfortable anymore. "Let's walk back to our blanket and towel off."
"OK, let's do that. It's almost time for lunch anyway. But first, let's use that shower to wash off the salt water. We will feel better than putting clothes on over our salty, sun-screened bodies."
Edward had noticed the shower as he tried to catch up to Susan. It was in the dunes, between the beach and the road.
"Are you sure about this?" Susan was not convinced they should use this shower while they were completely naked. Being naked on the beach was one thing, but this shower was in clear view of a road not more than forty feet away.
"Yes, it's cool. I saw people showering off earlier."
Coming out of the water, they walked past several sunbathers, including the Greek guy with the monster dick. Edward noticed him giving a nod to Susan as they passed. He also noticed the guys cock was about half the size it was in the water. He realized.....the guy had an erection as he watched Susan float and bob in the water!
They reached the shower. Susan noticed how close the road was, and also that there was a taverna just across the street with an unobstructed view to the shower.
"You first!" Edward guided Susan to the shower.
"I really don't think...." Susan started to protest and then stopped. She realized her words were a lie. It now seemed very erotic, as her body plainly revealed.
A bit reluctantly, Susan walked under the shower head as Edward turned the water on. It was on a raised wooden platform. Edward watched as the cool fresh water bounced off Susan's tits. He saw cars and cyclists passing on the nearby road. Just beyond on the other side of the street at the taverna he could see people sitting at tables having a beer. Everyone seemed to be looking towards the shower watching Susan. The raised wooden platform of this shower was acting like "the stage" and the patrons in the taverna were "the audience".
Edward noticed a little sign next to the shower. Both in Greek letters as well as English, it read "Compliments of Medusa Taverna" Funny he thought. "I bet the taverna put this shower here to provide a show for their patrons."
Susan closed her eyes and let the cool water caress her body. She tipped her head back and up into the shower stream. Her hands tossed her hair and her boobs jiggled with every movement. Now turning and facing the taverna, she knew she was putting on a show. Her nipples stiffened. She opened her eyes to make sure the guys were watching her. She was not disappointed to find she had their complete attention.
Edward could feel himself getting turned on looking at her and looking at others looking at her. And why not? His wife was a beautiful sight.
He joined her under the small shower and rubbed her back and ass. Then he moved his hands around to the front and massaged her tits, letting his fingers play with her nipples. He enjoyed playing with her tits in front of "the audience". He enjoyed showing her off. His heart was beating faster as his cock started growing.
The feeling of Edward's hands playing with her nipples sent shivers throughout Susan's body. She could feel Edward's cock brushing against her ass. She reached around to give it a few strokes. She knew she would have an orgasm in short order with just a few tweaks and pinches of her pussy. She turned to Edward, their bodies tight together under the water. Susan reached down and rubbed Edward's hard cock on her pussy. She wanted to fuck, right there in front of whoever wanted to watch. For some reason, however, she stopped herself, not wanting to have someone call the police and get arrested in a foreign country.
They finished, shut off the water, and began the slow walk back to the beach. Edward whispered to Susan, "That was so hot! That was one of the sexiest things you have done, and that's saying something!"
"It was fun. I am so glad we are here," Susan's reply was confident. She felt both sexy and empowered.
"In case you haven't figured it out, you are one of, if not the sexiest woman on this beach. Yes, of course there are others and some with nice bodies, but you are just bringing on the sexy. And you are making guys notice. So, you should be proud and happy that you are making more than just my dick hard on this beach."
Edward could see Susan's confidence growing, certainly bolstered by the admiring glances (and a few outright stares) from both men and women on the beach. When they returned to their towels, Susan was a horny woman transformed.
To be continued..........