Chapter 01
Brent: An Indecent Interview
The bell above the cafe door rang. I gave it a glance. A middle-aged woman came through, very well dressed, wearing an abundance of gold jewelry. My eyes returned to the table I was wiping down. The cafe had just opened up.
"Good morning," my manager Karen said. "Welcome to Starstruck's. What can I get you?"
Yes, our cafe was called Starstruck's, a blatant attempt to rip off a well-known brand and copy their style at half the price... and half the taste, if I'm honest. Some drinks were good though, but only if I was mixing them. Karen was an awful barista.
"Black Kahlua, no cream, one no-cal sugar," the woman ordered at the counter. She paid with a credit card, and then Karen wrote her name on a cup. "Olivia."
The woman was wearing big sunglasses. She lowered them to look around the cafe. There was no one else there. I met her eyes for a moment and then continued to wipe down the tables.
The bell rang again. A man entered, maybe in his late twenties, muscular. He was wearing jeans and a leather jacket, with a white t-shirt underneath. Somehow, I doubted that these two meeting at 6:00am on a Monday morning was a coincidence.
Karen welcomed him. "Good morning. What can I get you?"
"A shot of espresso," the man ordered.
The woman sat herself at a table by the window. I was about to step behind the counter to help Karen with the orders, but the woman spoke up. "Boy, boy."
"Me?" I said.
"Come wipe this down, now."
"Oh, sure," I said, coming over. I'd already wiped that table down a few minutes ago, but I wasn't going to argue with her. The customer is always right. As I wiped her table, I had a chance to look at her. She was very pretty, but she'd clearly had some work done. Her face had fewer wrinkles than mine, and I was only 19.
What I said next, I only said because I'd been raised by a very kindhearted grandmother. Whenever someone annoyed you, it was best to give them a compliment. "Your rings are beautiful."
"Oh, why, thank you," she said with a titter.
I gave her a smile---those are free---and then I returned to Karen at the counter. "Need a hand?"
"No," Karen said. "Hurry up and get the tables wiped down and the chairs settled. We're behind."
"You opened late."
"Just do it."
I returned to straightening the chairs, wiping down the tables, and brushing off the sofa. I saw the young man join the older woman at her table. I was right? Well, waddayaknow.
"Hey," he said.
"Good morning," she said.
He wiped his eyes. "We had to meet this early?"
"Some of us are productive during the day."
"I was dancing until 1:00am," he said.
This guy was a dancer? I glanced at him again. Somehow, I didn't think he meant ballet.
"Brent," Karen called to me, snapping her fingers. She was pointing to the drinks she'd just made. "Serve these."
I came over and took them. "I love the way you snap your fingers at me." Did that constitute a compliment? It was the best I could manage for Karen, the daughter of the brilliant man who thought naming his cafe Starstruck's would bring him extra business.
"Try not to spill them this time," she said with an insincere grin.
I took the drinks and placed them on the table of the couple. "One black Kahlua. One espresso. Enjoy, folks."
"Thanks, man," the guy said.
The woman gave a dismissive smile. "Thank you."
I went back to wiping down tables, keeping an ear toward the couple, intrigued by this mismatched pair.
"So?" he said. "What did you want to talk about? You saw my text."
"Mel," she said, folding her hands and placing them in her lap. "You know I think you're a dear. You're gorgeous, really. You were so good, so good with my daughter."
Oh, I felt bad for the guy now. He was getting the treatment from his ex's mother. Well, wait a minute. Why would this rich-looking woman want this gruff looking dancer to date her daughter to the point of calling a meeting with him?
"And like I said in my text, my girlfriend is pregnant," the guy said. "I'm engaged now. I proposed three weeks ago."
I was just confused now.
"And 20,000 would help pay for that wedding, wouldn't it?" the woman said a little softer.
Did I hear 20,000? Did she mean dollars? No way, probably not.
"It's not about the money. It's about loyalty."
"It's one night. Look, do you remember my niece? She's a beautiful girl."
My back was to the couple, but I tried to turn around as I moved to clean up another table. The woman had a picture on her phone of a gorgeous strawberry brunette with a bright smile.
"I remember, but I don't care," he said. "I'm loyal. I might have a friend who can do it."
I wondered what exactly this woman was trying to buy from this guy. Who pays $20,000 for a dancer at a party?
"Mel, your fiance will never find out."
"You don't think she'll wonder where I got 20k?"
"Make something up. You won it at the casino. What if I push it to 30,000?"
Holy hell, $30,000 for a dance? Man, what I could do with that much money. I'd never seen so much in my life.
"Look, I'm sorry, Mrs. Duclark. I only showed up today out of respect. We're old friends, but I just can't do it." He finished his espresso and stood up. I had the feeling he ordered the drink precisely so he could finish it quickly. "I wish you all the best, yeah?"
"I'm very disappointed, Mel. So very disappointed."
"I'm sorry, okay? I'll text you my friend's info."
He left and the woman remained, staring out of the big window of our cafe. I kept wiping down a nearby table. I could not believe that guy just walked out on a dancing gig for $30,000. I imagined dancing probably meant stripping. Hell, I could be a dancer. Why not? I was fit. Not a six pack but an empty carton at least. Hm, would I have to show my dick? Probably. But I thought I had a nice dick. I was a handsome guy too, or so I thought. I mean, half the reason Karen hated me is because she flirted with me on my first day of work, and I ignored her. Yeah, most girls gave me a glance and a smile. I was okay, but was I worth $30,000? Maybe $10,000.
"Excuse me, ma'am," I said, my heart hammering. I couldn't believe I was doing this. I could still back out, just say, do you want another coffee? "I couldn't help overhearing." Oh, God, was I really doing this? "Do you, uh, are you looking for someone to work for you for a day or two?"
She looked at me, I mean really looked at me, her eyes meeting mine and then going up and then down. She barked a laugh. "Excuse me?"
"I, I just, I uh---" Lie. I should lie. It was the only way now. I'd probably fall on my face miserably, but what did I have to lose? "I'm actually a pretty good dancer. I mean, you know, stage dancing."
"Listen, boy. I don't know what you heard---"
"Nothing really," I interrupted. "Just that maybe you were looking for a dancer for a party. I, I... well, I'm available."
She set back in her chair. Her face was red, and not just from the facelift. She looked angry, but the more she stared, the more she seemed to consider it.
"Has anyone ever told you it's not nice to eavesdrop?"
"Only Gandalf, but his advice was never 100%."
"Excuse me?"
"Never mind, bad joke."
"Is that what your offer is, a bad joke?"
"No, no, no," I said. Now that I had lied, I felt almost indignant that she didn't believe me. How ridiculous. Maybe I was bored. Maybe I hated my job. Maybe I wanted to have fun. "I'm serious. If your friend isn't interested in the job, whatever the details, I'd be happy to help you out."
"You don't even know what the job is."
"Right, well, I'm saying whatever it is, I have the skills, because I've danced before."
She raised an eyebrow and clicked her tongue. "Sit."
I glanced at the chair. I knew if I sat, Karen would chew me out later. Oh, well, she did that anyway. This was $30,000 on the line. I could afford to be fired. I sat.
"How old are you?" she asked me.
"I just turned 19 last month."
"When did you dance?" she asked.
Details? Damn it. "Last year, right after I turned 18."
"Where?"
"You know, a couple different places." If you want a lie to work, add in some truth. "Actually, I had to stop because my grandmother isn't well. Dementia. I have to watch her at night, so it's not a great schedule for a dancer. That's why I decided to work here, morning hours."
"You're not a university student?" she asked.
"No, not yet. I'm too busy with work, and I need to be home to take care of my grandma."
She squinted a little. "Don't you have parents who do that?"
"No," I said. I didn't really want to get into that topic with a stranger. This lie was spiraling, and I already regretted speaking up.
"No other family?" she asked, raising an eyebrow.
"No, ma'am."
She tapped the table. "I need to smoke. Step outside with me."
She stood up and went outside. I glanced at Karen who looked livid.
"I'll be back in a minute," I said as I walked out.
Outside, it was a crisp autumn morning in October with a breeze rolling through. The woman took out a pack. She held it in my direction, but I shook my head. She lit up. "That's good. A dancer shouldn't smoke."
I gave half a laugh. "Yeah, gotta keep fit."
"Exactly," she said. She smoked and stared at me. I was getting nervous. "What would you charge for one night of dancing, say two hours?"
I gulped. She was really considering me? She had offered that last guy $30,000. But he had experience, real experience, and she knew him. I didn't want to be the first to suggest a number. I still couldn't even believe I was doing this.
"I, uh, I'm not sure. How much were you going to pay the other guy?"
"More than a barista without references," she said, staring hard at me. "Are you serious, or are you playing games?"
"$10,000," I blurted out. I had to be the knock-off brand in this case. No way I could ask for $30,000.
The woman seemed to smirk. She held out her free hand. "Olivia Duclark."
"Nice to meet you, Olivia. I'm Brent." I pointed at my nametag like a doofus. "Brent Grayson."
"Call me Mrs. Duclark," she said. "Quite a discount, Brent. Did you overhear what I was offering the man you saw me with?"
"Uh, 20 to 30,000?"
"You have good ears. So why the discount?"
"If I asked for 20,000, could I have gotten it?"
"No. If you had, I would've walked away."
"Oh."
"You're a smart kid. Have you actually done any dancing?"
"Sure, some, in different places."
"I'm not looking for a dancer, Brent."
I was confused now. If she wasn't looking for a dancer, what had all this been about? "You're not? You changed your mind?"
"I'm looking for a male escort," she said.
My eyes froze and ice ran through my veins. What had I gotten myself into?
"Now, do you want to cut the shit about being a dancer?" she asked.
I gulped. "I'm sorry. I, I---"
"You saw dollar signs and lied."
I was humiliated. I didn't say anything, just looked down at my feet, like when I was little and my grandmother caught me sneaking cookies, but now it felt like I'd eaten a whole jar.
"Was that line about your grandmother even true?" she asked.
I looked up. "Yes. The money would've helped me take care of her. Okay, I'm not a professional dancer, but I do like to dance, and I am pretty good. I used to breakdance for fun in high school. I thought I could, I don't know, fake it. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to waste your time." I took a step back. "I'll just go. I'm really sorry."
She took another puff of her cigarette. "$10,000 for two hours. That's all I need."
I paused. "You're serious?"
"Are you?" She puffed. "You're cute. Innocent. Most escorts I've met, they're hard, tired, all business. You're soft, and I think I need soft for this job."
I didn't exactly know if that was a compliment. It didn't feel like one. I really wanted to run back into the cafe and get my lecture from Karen now.
"I, I don't think I'd be good at that job."
"Why? Are you gay?" she asked me.
"Huh? No."
"Gay, bi, hetero, which is it?"
"Just, just hetero, I guess."
"So, are you interested in working or not?"
"What, what would I have to do for two hours?" I couldn't believe I was even asking. I should have said, no thank you, have a nice day, goodbye.
She smirked at me. "What do you think? You would have to fuck. You're not a virgin, are you?"
Oh, my God, this was embarrassing. "I, well, no, but I don't have a ton of experience."
"Hm." She puffed again. "What to do, what to do... I'll tell you what. I'll give you an interview."
"An interview?"
She pulled out a business card and handed it to me. It said Duclark Enterprises, Legal Department.
"Come to my office at 6:30pm tonight. Don't you dare keep me waiting for even one minute, or you can fuck off and forget we spoke. And don't come early. God knows I don't need you hanging around the lobby. And don't breathe a word of me, my business, or anything you've overheard to anyone, not your little friends, not your little coworkers in there, not even dear old granny. Understood?"
I gulped as I took the card. "Yes, ma'am."
She smiled. "Good boy."
She left. I was standing there in shock. What the hell had just happened?
I went back in and Karen chewed me out. I made up an excuse about the woman asking to borrow my cell phone. Karen didn't buy it, and she set me to work cleaning all the coffee machines. Cleaning gave me time to consider what I'd gotten myself into. I wasn't really going to have sex with that woman for money, was I? I wasn't a prostitute. Well, not yet. Oh, my God, what was I doing? I felt like I'd debased myself already, and I hadn't even done anything, except lie, get caught and then propositioned.
The card in my pocket felt like a lead weight. I swear I had to pull up my pants a dozen times that day. Was I really going to go to this business woman's office at 6:30pm, and what, have sex with her? For $10,000? Wow, $10,000. It felt like an unreal amount of money. With my grandmother's social security and my paychecks, I could barely cover our expenses, especially her medicine. With $10,000, I could live worry-free for months and get ahead on all of those credit card bills.
I should do it, if not for me, for her. It was only one night, only two hours. I'd never make so much money at a cafe or anywhere else. It's not like I was down on the corner turning tricks. Just two hours. No big deal.
At 6:20pm, I showed up at the building and headed inside. I took the elevator all the way up to the 8th floor and followed the signs to Duclark Enterprises, Law Offices. She must have been some high-priced lawyer. Inside, there was a lobby with six chairs and an empty front desk. The clock told me it was 6:25pm. I hoped I wasn't too early.
I sat in one of the chairs, my palms sweaty. I rubbed them on my jeans. I was wearing a blue button-down shirt to look a little more professional, as if this were a real job interview. I watched the clock. No one was around, and it was soon 6:35pm. Maybe she wasn't coming. Maybe she'd already left. I felt sick to my stomach.
From around the corner, I saw a man coming, perhaps in his late 50's, well dressed with salt and pepper hair, a thick mustache, and big glasses. A woman followed him. They were laughing about something. The woman I recognized immediately. I had no idea who the man was.
"Oh?" the man said. "Son, we're closed. Was that door unlocked?"
"That's my doing, dear," Olivia said. "I told Felicia to leave it unlocked when she left. This one's a late case. I need to prep him for a deposition tomorrow. He works at the New Jersey site, couldn't come until now."
"That's right, you said you had to stay and finish up."
"Yes, go home, Eric. I'll be there in an hour."
"All right," Eric said. He kissed her cheek. "See you at home."
I gulped but didn't say anything as the man passed me and headed through the door. Olivia locked up behind him. She returned the way she had come.
"Come on, then."
I got up and hurried after her, my heart racing. She took me into a large conference room with a big table and a dozen chairs.
"Sit."
I sat while she closed the blinds on the windows that looked out into the office area. The other side of the room had huge windows that looked out at New York City, the sunset casting the buildings in warmth. She sat across from me, crossing her legs.
"Can I offer you anything, coffee, tea, juice, water? We have some leftover croissants."
"No, no, thank you," I said.
"Very well." She opened a briefcase and took out a yellow legal pad, a folder, and a pen. She also took out a piece of gum and stuffed it in her mouth. "Nicotine gum. I miss the days when you could smoke indoors."
"Oh, yeah, me too," I said. Why did I miss them? I'd never been alive when you could do that. And I didn't smoke.
"Do you have ID?"
"Oh, sure."
"Let me see it."
I took out my wallet and passed her the ID. She studied it and wrote my information down on a document. Then she passed it back, along with the document.
"What's this?" I asked.
"It's a non-disclosure agreement. What we discuss is between us. If you talk about it, I'll sue you."
I believed her. "Oh, no, I wouldn't do that. I haven't discussed it with anyone."
"Good. And you won't. This is your promise. Sign it and we can continue."
I signed it and passed it back.
"Perfect. Are you ready to start the interview?" she asked.
I gulped. Was I? It was just questions, right? "Yeah, I guess."
"Brent," she said, "so you understand me completely, I don't want to hear any lies, no half-truths. You give me any of that, and we're done. Understand?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"First and foremost, do you have any sexually transmitted diseases? Even those you've recovered from?"
"Uh, no, never."
"You understand I'll expect you to take a blood test, so lying is pointless."
"I'm not lying. I haven't caught anything."
"Good. Then let's discuss your sexual experience."
"Okay."
I felt so awkward. I took a deep breath and tried to treat this like any other job interview. I was sure there would be stupid questions about what my greatest strength was or my greatest weakness or an example of a time that I was a good team player.
"The truth this time, are you a virgin?"
Oh, my lord, this was rarely asked in a normal job interview. "No, ma'am, I'm not a virgin."
"How many women have you slept with?"
"One."
"Other than you, how many men has she slept with?"
I gulped. "One, I mean, none. Me, that's it."
"Are you dating her now?"
"No, no. This was, uh, almost a year ago, yeah. It was one time."
"You've had sex one time?"
"Yes."
She sighed, rubbing her forehead. "Very inexperienced, aren't you?"
"Wait, I'm sorry, I answered incorrectly. I meant one time with one girl, but we had sex together a bunch of times."
"Did you just lie to me."
"No, no, I'm nervous. I didn't hear right."
"What was her name?"
"Alexa. Alexandra."
"How many times did you two fuck?"
"I, I don't know. Maybe a dozen times or so."
"Why did you break up?"
"We, uh, we got caught by her dad. He beat me up."
She laughed. "Really?"
I couldn't help but laugh too. "Yeah. Broke my nose, actually. Afterward, he forbade her to talk to me, or else he'd cut her off. He was wealthy. I offered to run away with her, but she said no way, didn't want to screw up her future, lose her trust fund or whatever. It's fine, probably the smartest thing for her."
"How did you meet Alexandra?"
"My grandmother was their maid. I'd visit her now and then, so I met Alexa. But my grandmother was fired after I got caught. She hasn't worked since, but her health is in decline now anyway."
"So that line about caring for your grandmother was actually true?"
"Yes, I take care of her. Back before I screwed up things with Alexa, her father was promising to pay my grandma's medical bills and stuff."
"Ah, guilty conscience?"
"Yeah."
"How long do you fuck?"
"Um, what do you mean? The dozen times?"
"No, the length of time. How long can you last before you cum?"
"I'm not sure, um, 10 or 15 minutes, I guess."
"I'll need you to last at least 30."
I gulped. "Okay."
"Do you get hard easily?"
God, help me. "I guess."
"You guess?"
"Yes, I do. I'm nervous."
"Never any trouble getting hard, staying hard. No impotence?"
"Uh, no. Should there be?"
"Not for a 19-year-old," she said with a smirk. "Have you ever fucked twice in a row?"
"No," I said.
"Hm. When you jerk off, how long before you're ready to jerk off again?"
"Ah, I don't know, an hour."
She was taking notes. It was so embarrassing imagining her writing this stuff down. "Have you eaten pussy?"
"No."
She sighed, shaking her head. "Let me see your tongue. Stick it out."
I said, "ahh," as I stuck out my tongue. I extended it to its full length. I had a pretty big tongue. I knew that much because I always bit it accidently. I'd never given much thought if it was a good pussy-eating tongue.
"Good size at least," she said. "Have you sucked a man's cock?"
"Wha? Uh, no, I'm not gay."
"Noted," she said. "And have you had your cock sucked?"
"Once, for a second."
"A second? How long?"
"Okay. She put it in her mouth and then took it out 10 seconds later."
"Why?"
"I don't know. She didn't really seem into it."
"Hm," she said. "Do you think if a girl sucked your cock, you could keep from cumming? For that matter, if you were fucking, do you think you could control yourself, slow down, make it last and not cum?"
"I, I think so. I mean, I could try."
"Have you ever had anal sex?"
"Taken or given?" I said with a chuckle.
"Either."
"Um, no, to both," I said more seriously.
"What are your kinks?" she asked me.
"I'm not sure I have any."
"Really?" she said, raising an eyebrow. "Then tell me, what do you like about a woman?"
"I like breasts, I guess."
"Ah, a tits and ass man, is it?"
I blushed. "I guess."
"You'll figure it out," she said with a smile. "What I'm really asking, Brent, is if you're sadistic, masochistic, if you crave or dislike the idea of eating pussy, what sexual positions you enjoy, etcetera. Talk to me about that."
"Oh, I see. I don't know much about sadism or masochism. I've really only done the normal sex positions. But I do like the idea of eating pussy."
"When you watch porn, do you watch the parts when the men eat women's pussies, or do you skip over it?"
"I, I think I watch it," I said, gulping. I was admitting to watching porn. How did it come to this?
"What do you search for when you look for porn?" she asked.
"I guess just normal stuff. You probably won't believe me, but I don't watch a lot of porn."
"You're right, I don't believe you."
"No, really. My grandma's apartment is very small. She's always home. I have a laptop, but it's old and slow. I usually just read erotic stories on my phone."
"Really? That's cute." She was tapping her pen on the legal pad. She sat back in her chair, still chewing her nicotine gum. "You're not as experienced as I want."
"Oh," I said. I was almost glad. She'd throw me out and I could end this. I don't know how I got myself into this mess.
"But," she said, "I think you're cute. You have enthusiasm. Maybe this could work. Maybe."
"Ma'am, can I ask a question?"
"Sure," she said.
"What exactly are you, uh, hiring me for? You said an escort. Do you mean you and I would have sex?" This whole process was humiliating for me. She was an attractive woman. Maybe she wasn't pleased by that older man I met earlier, but she didn't need to hire someone, let alone at $10,000 a pop.
She laughed at me. "You, fuck me? Boy, I'd buck you off."
I didn't quite know what she meant, so I stayed quiet. She took out her phone, pulled up a picture, and turned it around so I could see. It was the gorgeous strawberry brunette I'd glimpsed earlier. She really was a stunning girl, with perfect skin, full lips, and such a bright smile. Her bangs fell over her big beautiful green eyes.
"She's beautiful," I said.
"I'm glad you like her. You're going to fuck her."
"I am?"
"Yes. She's the job."
"Oh." I was stunned. "Why? I mean, the last thing that girl needs is help finding a guy."
"We have a... tradition in my family. After a girl turns 18, her mother, or in this case, her aunt, finds a suitable man for her first time. We all gather together, and she gets to experience an amazing night, while the rest of us, me, her mother, her cousins, her grandmother, watch her become a woman."
I said nothing. But my eyes strained because I had stopped blinking.
"We do it this way," she continued, "because so many generations ago, our family realized that the first time a girl gets fucked, she gets exactly that: fucked. So instead, we arrange for an experienced man to have sex with her slowly, sensually, patiently. Then, she'll have a happier and more wonderful sexual experience in the future. I wanted Mel, my stripper friend, to take care of Virginia, the girl in the picture. Mel performed wonderfully with my daughter Quinn, but he's busy with his own life now. The great thing about Mel is he had years of experience. He didn't hump my daughter Quinn like a dog. He had nice slow sex with her, until she wanted it harder, and then he gave it to her harder. That's where my doubts about you come in. If I hire you, can you control yourself? Or are you a dog who humps?"
I tried to swallow, but I had no saliva. "Uh, ah, I, I think I'm patient."
"You think?"
"I mean, I know I am. My ex-girlfriend hated hard and fast sex. It was always slow."
"That's something. But I don't know how Virginia is going to want it. Maybe she'll want it hard and fast. The real question is, Brent, can you take direction? If she tells you harder, can you go harder, and if she tells you slower, can you go slower?"
Could I? I was willing to try, that's for sure. "Yes, I think I can."
"You understand, this isn't a 10-minute performance? It's a marathon. It's her chance to explore a man's body, your body. You're her playground, which means if she wants to suck your cock, she's going to suck your cock. If she wants to sit on your face, you're going to eat her pussy. And if she wants you to mount her from behind and fuck her senseless, that's what you'll do. It's her choice, and you have to be obedient, and more importantly, able to last."
"Oh, I see now," I said. "That's why you asked me all about how long I can last in bed?"
"Exactly. I don't want you cumming and ruining her night. If I knew you could last, like Mel, I wouldn't be so worried."
"I can. I think I can. I mean, I know I can."
"I like your enthusiasm, but is it enough? Brent, do you really want this job, or is this interview just a curiosity you've followed to conclusion?"
That was a good question. Did I? I'd really be a prostitute then, at least for one night. But wow, that girl I saw, Virginia, she was gorgeous. I would have made love to her for free. "Yes. I want the job. I know I can last."
She nodded slowly. "Well, then there's just one final question."
"Okay?"
She stood up and came around the long conference table. She sat on the edge, looking down at me. I glanced at her black pantyhose, her skirt just above her knees. "Show me your cock."
My eyes spread. "My cock?"
"Yes. I'm not going to have some small dicked boy rutting my niece. I want to see your cock. If it is adequate, I'll consider you for the job. If not, you've wasted my time."
"I... now?"
"Now. Stand up and take down your pants."
I felt very embarrassed, but then I supposed if I really was going to have sex with her niece, Virginia, I'd be naked anyway, with the rest of her family watching me perform. It all sounded so crazy. I wasn't used to shedding my inhibitions so quickly, but I remembered the $10,000. I could do this. It was just for one night.
"Okay." I stood up, starting with my buckle.
"Take off everything," she said as she sat there on the edge of the table. "Let me get a good look at you."
"All right." I grasped the bottom of my blue shirt and pulled it out of my pants. Then I started to unbutton it, opening it. I didn't have anything on underneath. My bare chest had almost no hair. Just wasn't in my genes, I guess. But I had a nice body, my stomach flat, a few curls of hair below my belly button leading down into my pants.
"Not bad," she commented. "Continue."
I continued, opening my pants. The weight of the belt buckle pulled them down, and I was there in my stupid Chewbacca boxers. I heard her chuckle behind her closed lips.
"They were a gift from grandma," I said sheepishly.
"Show me what else grandma gave you. Let's see your cock."
I took a deep breath and then pushed my underwear down, letting them fall. They stayed bunched up around my ankles, my soft cock hanging between my legs.
She nodded. "We might have something here, something good," she said. "Get hard for me."
"Huh?"
"I want to see how long you are when erect."
"Okay. I mean, how?"
"Oh, for goodness' sake, I'm sure you know how to stroke it."
"Okay," I said. The humiliation piled on as I reached down and took hold of my soft shaft. I gave it a stroke or two.
"Here, let me show you something stimulating," she said.
I watched as she unbuttoned her blazer. She was wearing a white blouse underneath. She was a very buxom woman, and her breasts were strained against the fabric, but not for long. She unbuttoned the blouse halfway, and then she pushed her bra down and her breasts popped out. But she didn't stop there. She drew her skirt up around her waist, and my eyes found her pubic mound easily enough. She was wearing pantyhose on top of red panties.
"Whoa," I said. I felt my cock give a throb in my hand.
She smirked at me and sat back on the conference table. She reached for her panties and pantyhose, pushing them both down, kicking off her high heels. Her brown bush appeared, as did her pink pussy. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
"There you go," she said. "You like that, Brent boy?"
I gulped. "Yeah. Wow."
"You know what?" she said. "I think I should give you a little test."
"A test?"
"Call it a proficiency test, to see if you're good enough for my niece. Sit down there and eat my pussy."
I stared at her. "You want me to eat your pussy?"
"Yes. Let's see if it makes you hard. Then I'll know what I want to know. Get to work."
I sat at the chair and wheeled it toward the table. Her legs spread wider. I stared at that pussy close up. It did make my cock hard under the table, but Olivia was in no mood to wait. She grabbed my head and forced my mouth to her pussy.
"Lick it, you foolish boy."
I licked her pussy. I really had no idea what I was doing, so I just licked up and down across her slit. She suddenly hit me in the side of the head.
"You're awful at this," she said.
"I'm sorry," I said, wiping my chin.
"Listen and learn. Don't just lick my pussy like a hungry dog. You have to tease it a little. Kiss around it, and you can avoid my clit in the beginning."
"Avoid it?"
"Yes. Kiss around the pussy first, get closer. Then lick the slit. Swirl your tongue. Some men do the alphabet. Dip your tongue into the pussy, but don't just stick it in like a cock. Slide in and lick out, and then kiss the pussy again. It will drive a woman wild. And when she really starts squirming, then you can lick the clit to push her over the edge. Understand?"
"Yes, ma'am. I'll try."
"Good. Do it."
I listened to what she said, kissing around her pussy, coming closer to the slit. Then I slid my tongue up and down, letting it dip inside. I'd never tasted pussy before, but it was nice enough, sort of tangy and fishy. I knew it made me harder for sure. I tried the alphabet as she had suggested. I listened to see if she moaned. I was proud when I heard her.
"Not bad, boy," she said with an exhale. "Oh, my, you're a quick study, aren't you?"
I didn't answer her, just licked her pussy, and twirled my tongue between her lips. My tongue pressed on her clit and then I took it away, kissing around her pussy again. She hit my head.
"Lick my clit again," she said
"But you said---"
"I know what I said, but now I want it. Lick it."
"Yes, ma'am."
I did as she told me, licking her pussy lips and her clit. Her legs spread even wider. I could hardly breathe, the way she held the back of my head. Soon, she was grinding her pussy into my mouth.
"Fuck, are you going to make me cum?" she said.
I wasn't sure if she was looking for an answer from me, so I just kept working.
"Fuck, I think you are," she said, heaving for breaths. "I can't fucking believe... oh, God. Oh, you little fucker. Ohh!"
I didn't really know if she came. Nothing much changed with her pussy, but she sure was humping my face a lot, and I kept my tongue working on her slit and clit. I supposed she liked what I was doing though, until she suddenly shoved me away. I rolled back with the chair.
"Fucking hell," she said.
My whole face was wet. I wiped my mouth. "I did good?"
"Yes," she said, her legs closing. "Yes. Very good." She pulled up her panties and pantyhose and pushed down her skirt. "I don't know what came over me. I didn't think you'd make me cum."
"Beginner's luck," I said with an awkward chuckle.
She looked down at my cock as I sat there. It was hard now, sticking up. She sat in another chair.
"Stand up. Let me see that big cock," she said.
I stood. My cock was level with her face. Without hesitation she reached out and grabbed my shaft, giving it a squeeze.
"Ahh!" I said in surprise.
"You do have a nice cock," she said. "I approve."
"Really?" I said.
"Sure," she said. "You're certainly above average, but not too big that you'd ruin my niece's first time." She tugged on it and I exhaled. "Really, I think it might be perfect. If I wasn't married, I'd fuck you myself."
I was a little confused by that statement, because if this woman was holding on to some sentiment of loyalty to her husband, she had certainly broken it when I ate her pussy.
"Uh, thanks, I think," I said, looking down at her. "So do I get the job?" I wanted to get dressed and get out of here.
She tugged on my cock. "One last test. Let's see how long you can last."
"What do you mean?"
She took the gum out of her mouth and held it between her fingers in her left hand. "If you can't last with an old goat like me, you'll never make it with a young mare like my niece. But don't you dare try to hump my face or pull my hair." She released my cock and cupped my balls. "And you'd better not cum in my mouth or on my clothes, or I swear to God, I'll break your fucking balls." She squeezed them, and I knew she was dead serious.
"Ye-yes, ma'am."
Olivia leaned forward and wrapped her lips around my cock. It was so sudden, but then I was in her mouth. I groaned from the heat and wetness. I felt her tongue start to work on me. My eyes rolled back. I leaned against the table. She kept working on my cock, massaging my balls and sucking the tip. There was no way I was going to last.
"Slow, slow down, please," I said urgently.
She took her mouth off me. "Why? You're not going to cum already, are you?"
"N-no, but it's a little sensitive."
"Are you going to tell my niece to slow down? Of course not. I want five minutes from you, understand? Five."
She wrapped her lips around my cock once again. The sensation of her mouth made my shaft throb. She started stroking me while her mouth went up and down. My eyes found the clock in the room: 4 minutes 30 seconds to go. I didn't know if I could last. I tried to think about baseball, groceries, taxes, anything.
"Oh, God, should I take the standard deduction next year?"
Now, she was running her tongue up and down the underside of my cock. I was gripping the edge of the table and holding on for dear life. I started doing breathing techniques like I'd seen pregnant women do.
"He-he-hoo!"
She actually laughed. "Don't do that."
I closed my mouth and breathed through my nose. Back into her mouth I went, and then she pushed farther down my shaft, and I felt my cockhead penetrate her throat.
"Fucking hell!" I said, looking at the clock again. 3 minutes left. I wanted nothing more than to thrust forward and just cum. I reached up and grabbed my hair, making a fist. The pain helped.
She laughed on my cock and the sensation felt amazing. I looked down at her and our eyes met while she sucked away. She took my cock out of her throat and stroked my shaft again, hard and fast. Was she trying to make me cum?
"Ah, no," I said, watching her.
She was catching her breath. Then she started licking and sucking again. I slapped myself right in the face. It gave her another laugh. I looked to the clock. Only one more minute. I could do it. I could! But Olivia was bobbing her head. I couldn't watch her. I closed my eyes and counted to sixty.
"Time's up, time's up!" I said, trying to push her away.
She took my cock out of her mouth, and I turned away, not touching it, just looking down at it while it throbbed.
"Good boy."
"Can I cum?" I said.
"No," she said, finally putting her gum back into her mouth. "The answer is always no. Do not cum until you're told, let alone here in my conference room. Go home, and when you fuck Virginia, do not cum unless she says so. Understood?"
I straightened up. "Yes, I understand." I took a deep breath. "Does this mean I got the job?"
"You got it, kiddo," she said, stuffing her breasts back into her bra and buttoning up her blouse.
"Wow, really? And you'll really pay me $10,000?"
"Yes, $10,000, as agreed," she said, straightening her clothes. "And I'll tell you what. If you manage not to cum, and my niece enjoys herself, really enjoys herself, maybe I'll throw you a bonus 10%, but only if everything goes perfect."
"Wow, an extra 100 bucks?" I said excitedly, my cock still sticking up.
"I said 10%," she said.
"Oh, yeah, a thousand!"
She shook her head. "You're lucky you're cute. You'd better earn every cent."
"Yes, ma'am! Amazing."
"Now, put that thing away."
"Yes, sorry," I said, pulling up my pants and underwear, bending my dick to the side. My balls felt sore, but I didn't care. I was going to be $10,000 richer soon.
"You still have my business card?"
"Yes, of course."
"Get tested for STD's. I'll expect the results emailed in a few days. The party is next week so there's no time to dawdle, understand?"
"Oh, okay, yeah. I can get tested tomorrow."
"Good," she said. "If the results are fine, I'll send you the party details. Now, finish dressing. My dinner is at home, and it's getting cold."
She escorted me out, even all the way to the street where a black SUV pulled up and a man stepped out to hold the door. Before getting in, she said, "Practice over the next few days."
"Practice?" I said.
"Practice not cumming," she said.
"Oh, okay. I'll just, you know, abstain."
"No," she said, "you need to masturbate a lot, but push the limit of how long you can last. I want you ready for next week."
"I see, okay," I said. I still couldn't believe we were discussing this topic, this woman advising me to masturbate, but not to cum. What the hell had happened to life? "I'll practice."
"Good boy," she said as she climbed into the SUV. The man closed the door and hurried around to the front. The black window rolled down. "One more thing."
"Yes?"
"Bring a mask to hide your face. We wouldn't want anyone to recognize you, now would we?"