"Are you sure this is it?" The house was amazing. I'm not sure what qualifies as a mansion, but this wasn't far off, surely. A gated drive led past a fountain to a large, opulent looking building, with a separate garage which wasn't much smaller than our house.
The gate slid open silently even as I wondered about getting out to press the button on the post, glowing yellow in the dim evening light. Barbara had already messaged ahead to say we were here.
As we pulled up at the front door, it opened and out stepped Julia. Barbara hadn't been joking, she was stunning. She appeared to be wearing only a Sex Pistols t-shirt, which came down to the thigh, and some pink fluffy slippers. Shiny black, slightly wavy hair falling over her shoulders made her look like a hair commercial in the bright headlights of my car. And even in this light, her bare legs were obviously tanned and looked flawless, smooth and toned.
Her unconstrained breasts bounced as she jumped down the three steps and squealed as Babs emerged from the car. There was something familiar about her. I couldn't place it, and wondered if she looked like a soap opera star, or TV presenter or something.
"Oh my god! Look at you!" She enthused, although Babs was looking fairly worn out after our long drive. "You've not changed a bit!"
"I'd like to think I have," Babs laughed. "I was looking through some old photos the other day, I was such a mousy little thing."
"Get away! Stunning then, and stunning now. You've definitely improved with age though, sure."
"And so have you! Babs looked her friend up and down. "You look amazing!"
"Oh, shut up! Look at me!" I couldn't help agreeing with Babs, Julia was a ten out of ten. Her legs, long, brown and smooth, were like magnets for my eyes. I desperately tried to maintain eye contact, but every few seconds I found I myself again wondering whether there might be a flash of what the t-shirt was only barely covering, and realised my eyes were glued to the top of those legs again.
It was at one of those times that Julia addressed me, and her saying my name in her husky, posh and sexy voice snapped my eyes away from the view. Had she seen me looking? She couldn't have failed to...
"And this must be Dan! Hello! I'm so pleased you could make it down. Charles sends his apologies, he's out of the country on business so I'm afraid it's just the three of us." As I stood and offered my hand, she pushed it away and pulled me close to her like we'd known each other for years. I could feel her warm, soft breasts squashing into my abdomen, just the thin t-shirt separating us.
After a brief visit to our room to freshen up and drop of our bags, we met in the 'small' living room ('we save the other one for larger gatherings'), and Julia poured us a glass of wine. She'd pulled on a long, stretchy black dress which looked like it was made of wool, but it still left her legs bare from the knee down. Her breasts stretched the fabric out noticeably, the white pin stripes taking a much longer route as they were diverted by the impressive swelling of her chest.
I was now sure I'd seen her before somewhere. Or she was the spitting double of someone. But I just couldn't put my finger on it. I found the change in outfit resulted in my eyes now being drawn to her chest, rather than her legs.
The girls talked about old times, occasionally filling me in on some fact or another. I was passed a couple of photo albums which Julia had kept from their Uni days. I was struck by how little either of them had changed, in nearly ten years.
Even back then both dressed to impress. Even if I hadn't known either girl, I would have enjoyed the pictures just for the range of stylish and sometimes revealing outfits they wore. It was noticeable that in almost every picture Julia had a male arm draped over her shoulder, or around her waist. But I didn't see the same face twice.
I found some football on the TV, allowing the girls to catch up. I pretended like I wasn't, but I listened intently. When I got to the third wine top-up, which I received gratefully, I was intrigued to see Babs accepting too. This was unheard of -- I was surprised she'd accepted a second refill, given the size of the glasses Julia filled almost to the brim.
"What's going on here?" I wondered out loud, mock-patronisingly. "I've never seen you take a third drink before!"
Babs just shrugged, but I again reflected that Julia was nothing but a positive influence on her.
Wine wasn't usually my drink, and I was feeling a little tipsy. So, I knew Babs would be well on her way. It was half-time in the football and the conversation had a brief pause. Attention turned my way.
"So, Dan! How amazing it is to meet the man who finally turned my little Barbara into a woman. I never thought it would happen!"
Julia was so relaxed and totally comfortable talking like this. She smiled, eyes glistening and cocking her head inquisitively. I dragged my eyes from the inviting bulges in her dress, forcing myself to say something.
"I have to say, I've been really looking forward to meeting you, too. I can always tell when you've been on the phone to Babs. I feel like you give her the best advice."
"I think some might disagree," she smiled, leaning over and touching my knee affectionately. I glanced over at Babs, who just rolled her eyes carelessly. She didn't mind at all. "But from what I've heard, I think we might all be from a similar mindset. Tell me the truth, Dan. Did you do it on purpose? Show your friend the dirty pictures of your girlfriend?"
I felt the mood change, just as it had on that evening, which seemed like years ago now, when Barbara had asked Darren 'what did you think?' regarding the topless shot he'd seen of her.
"I didn't! Honestly!"
"Well, deliberate or not, that was the catalyst for the best change in my friend I could have imagined. Really, I've been saying it since we met, haven't I Babs? What. You. Need. Is. A. Damn. Good. Fucking!"
Babs had her hand over her face, but she was giggling loudly. I'd hoped Julia would turn out to be the girl I had imagined, after everything I'd heard about her. She was proving to be every bit as amazing, and so much more besides.
"And Babs tells me that's exactly what you've been giving her, Dan. And now it sounds like she's making up for lost time! Turned her into quite the slut, haven't you?"
The word 'Slut' was delivered like others might say 'princess'. Despite her incredible beauty, which I'd initially found intimidating, I found myself relaxing. She had a familiar, friendly way, once you'd come to terms with the exquisite exterior.
"I was going to thank you for doing just the same thing!" I laughed. "If I'm the catalyst, you are the turbo charger, Julia. Every time she talks to you, she ends up doing some or other filthy stuff. I'm always delighted when she says she's going to phone you."
"Well thank you, Dan. I'm glad to be of service. You might have heard," she leaned forwards again, her unconstrained breasts stretching the material of her dress even further. "I'm a bit of an expert in that particular subject matter."
"Just about!" Barbara laughed. "I might be turning into a slut, but you are looking at the master right here! Tell him how many men you've been with!" The tone might have been a small child asking how many fish their father had caught that day, or a sporting superstar how many medals they owned.
"Mistress, Barbara. Mistress, not master! And that, I'm afraid, is a question nobody can answer. I guess you could conservatively place me with one man a day, with weekends off, since I came of age. But then there's the threesomes, the orgies, the gangbangs, the porn. Let's just say I'm very experienced."
Hearing such things coming from a woman who I could genuinely say wouldn't look out of place on the front cover of Vogue magazine was enlightening to say the least.
"How long have you been married?" I wondered.
"I got married not long after Uni," Julia smiled. "To the most amazing man, my Charles. But if you think that slowed me down..." she took a drink, looking over the top of her glass knowingly. "Enough about me, though! I've heard so much about what you and Barbara have been getting up to."
She put her glass down for a minute and leaned in closer, I couldn't take my eyes off her. Flawless skin, slim waist, toned legs. And her face, framed by that long, glossy black hair, was so gorgeous it took the breath away. Right now, she had a very mischievous look in here eyes.
"The last I heard," she said, addressing me and raising an eyebrow as she spoke, "your girlfriend was spreading her legs in a pub, giving some stranger a lovely eyeful! Is that true?"
Julia, it transpired, was not completely abreast of recent events. Barbara cut in.
"That's absolutely true, Jules. But it is kind of old news. Things have moved on quite a bit since then, haven't they Dan?"
"Really?" Julia was intrigued. I wasn't sure why (I later found that Barbara has thought me telling the story was a good way of me 'getting to know' Julia), but I was to be the one to fill Barbara's friend in on exactly how far down the rabbit hole she'd gone.
Julia lived up to her reputation, not indicating the slightest bit of distaste or disapproval as she discovered how Barbara had sucked Harry off, and soon after opened her legs for Tony, which had led to the recent glut of activity, Barbara turning into a prolific slut and fucking eight further guys in just a few weeks. She was, however, shocked, in a good way.
"Jesus fucking Christ Barbara! What has he done to you!" She turned to me. "Dan, what sort of witchcraft is this? I was impressed you'd managed to get in between those lovely legs, but it sounds like she can't keep them closed now! How the fuck did you manage it?"
"I can't take all the credit," I glanced at Barbara, conscious that we were talking about her, with her very much present. But she was enjoying being discussed like this, I could tell. She shrugged and smiled knowingly, nodding at me to continue.
"Like I say, I can guarantee that if she wasn't getting expert advice from you, Julia, none of this would have happened. Before she spoke to you, I thought I'd blown it with her totally, after Darren saw that picture..."
"But Dan, the very fact there were pictures on your phone at all, that's the surprise. She must have thought a lot of you, even to allow that. Well, I know she does, because she's told me. No, when I spoke to her, I just told her that a guy wanting to look at his girl's body is immeasurably better than a guy not wanting to have snaps of his girl on his phone. That would make me worry, personally."
"Well, she took your advice, Julia. And I'm so glad she did. So much so that Sunday became our photoshoot day."
"So I hear. And I hope you've been making good use of my little gifts?" She was referring to the sex toys she'd posted for Barbara's thirtieth birthday.
"Not exactly little," I laughed. "And if by good use, you mean she's playing with those things in pretty much every picture we've taken since she opened your parcel, then yeah, you could say that."
"Oh yes! Can I see? Have you got any with you?"
Barbara had her iPad, and I set it to cast to Julia's eighty-two inch TV. If seeing our snaps on the tablet was impressive, then having them dominate the whole room on the huge screen was something else.
I started at the beginning, showing Julia the snap that had started this all with Darren, but then set away a slideshow which randomly displayed pictures from our whole collection.
Julia topped up our glasses and we sat back and watched the pictures fade in and out of view. Julia loved seeing her once impenetrable friend exposed like this.
Every photoshoot we'd done featured literally thousands of snaps -- we'd be at it for hours every Sunday. And we'd done it many, many times. I'd flicked through all of them briefly, but there just wasn't the time to appreciate them all properly. So, we all really enjoyed this, not least Babs, for whom being seen by multiple eyes had become one of her favourite things.
The filthier the picture, the more appreciating Julia's comments.
"Oh Barbara! Look at how naturally you do that!" to a snap of Babs spreading wide, holding her cunt wide open.
"I knew they would be the perfect present!" as we watched her pushing against one of Julia's dildos, affixed to the glass conservatory door, as she forced the other deep into her throat.
But Julia especially enjoyed the recent pictures where her friend had been fucked on camera. Strange cocks of different sizes and colours were pushed into her mouth and her pussy, and Julia demanded to know the back story -- what Barbara had enjoyed, what the guys had liked, how she'd teased them first, what their reaction had been when they realised what was in store for them.
"Look at that! If you could take a picture to sum up just what a whore you've become, then I think that's it!" Barbara paused for her friend, freezing the perfectly timed picture of a cock shooting a long, thick stream of cum directly into her mouth, happy smiling eyes looking up at the donor, whose name escaped us.
"Just that fact that you don't even know his name, that's hot enough. But that look on your face -- you really do fucking love it, don't you?"
Babs shrugged. I found the dynamic between the girls fascinating. Julia was very obviously the dominant one in their relationship, I guessed going back to their time at university, where it sounded like she was very much the gregarious one and Babs the shrinking violet.
Babs had become so confident recently, a by-product of the string of guys she'd left a drooling mess, that it was a bit strange watching her defer to Julia, letting her take the lead in the conversation and just shrugging and smiling. There was something exciting about seeing her so easily adopt this subservient role.
Much as I was enjoying proceedings, the journey and the alcohol was taking its toll and my eyes kept involuntarily closing. I noticed Barbara's were too. We took our leave and settled into our nice bedroom. Even Barbara was too tired to attempt any sexual activity tonight.
The following day my morning wood was very much present, and demanding attention. I opened my eyes, intending to take this out on Barbara immediately I awoke. However, she was already up and dressed, putting her make-up on at the dressing table at the end of the bed.
"Julia's got breakfast ready for us," she smiled, but did briefly suck my hard cock, which was not at all interested in whatever nutrition Julia had prepared for us.
However, it couldn't fail to be impressed with our host, who was standing at the kitchen counter buttering some toast. She was wearing just some very short, pink shorts, and a cropped t-shirt which only just covered her breasts. This immediately reminded me how much I wanted to confirm first -hand whether they were quite as firm as they appeared.
Babs was having similar thoughts, it seemed.
"Morning, Jules! Look at you! How do you do it? You look stunning! What would I give for boobs like yours!"
"Thanks!" Julia said simply. She was used to her body being appreciated. "You are looking pretty good too this morning Babs." She was right. Barbara had spent longer than I'd expect on her make-up, looking more like she was ready for an evening out than a breakfast. She wore a short skirt and a tight blue t-shirt through which the shape of her firm nipples was poking through.
During breakfast the conversation continued on a similar note to the previous evening. This was, I thought, going to be an interesting break to say the least. We were staying for five nights, and I couldn't wait to see what unfolded during our time here.
The conversation turned to Julia and her marriage to Charles, who was away on business. Julia spoke very warmly of her husband, but it was not what anyone would consider a 'normal' marriage.
"I've got Dan to thank, for letting me, you know, off the leash a bit," Barbara had smiled at me, when pressed by Julia about the sudden change in her lifestyle.
"It's true," Julia had agreed. "Charles he's a rare breed. Finding a guy who you love, who loves you, and who is prepared to let you do what you've got to do, that's not something you find very often. Trust me, I had to fuck hundreds of guys before I found Charles!"
I was slowly getting used to Julia's straight-to-the-point manner, but it was still a surprise to see such coarse language coming from such a beautiful face. It was superbly entertaining though.
"How did you meet, anyway?" Babs asked.
"You were living with me at the time, the first time. I was escorting, Charles booked me for the whole weekend. Even back then he was different. He paid for me and another girl. He just wanted to watch us together. Then she went, but I stayed, and sucked him off. Then another girl came around and he watched again.
"The next day there were three guys, I'm not sure if they were escorts themselves, or acquaintances or whatever. So, he just watched me deal with those three. He was amazed how much I enjoyed it; said he'd never seen anyone like me before. I was due to leave at twelve the next afternoon, but suddenly there were seven or eight guys there, all for me, so I ended up staying until the evening.
"I said there was no extra charge, despite me staying way longer than we agreed. But he wouldn't have it, said my talents should be rewarded. I don't know if you remember, that's when I bought that car, I just bought it cash with what he gave me for that weekend!"
"Seven or eight!? All at once!" Barbara's face was a picture. She looked at her friend with nothing but sheer admiration. "And I remember the Mini. Wow, I had no idea! Why didn't you tell me?"
"You were quite disapproving, remember? Of my whoring. Said I should focus on my degree."
"You know what, I know I might have given that impression, but I think I was trying to convince myself as much as you, looking back. I used to say the same sort of stuff to my sisters, but secretly I was a bit jealous. I just didn't realise at the time.
"I used to lie there, when you were away for nights at a time, wondering what you were getting up to. And look at all of this!" She gestured at the beautiful home Julia's whoring had earned her. "Tell me that was a mistake."
"I'm happy enough, sure," Julia smiled. "Charles, he's getting on a bit. Even back then, he knew he was never enough for me, but age is catching up with him a bit now. But he does everything he can to keep me happy, bless him!"
"What sort of stuff?" Barbara wondered.
"He outsources!" Julia laughed. "We get quite a bit of help around the house. Clive, he's my masseur. There's also Graham, the odd job guy. David, who looks after the cars. Des is the gardener, and then there's Vijay who does the computers and WiFi stuff. Jacob and Krysztof take care of the cooking. Anya is the cleaner for half the week, and Alan the other half."
"What -- and do you mean..."
"Well amongst their job descriptions is a requirement to fuck me, yes! It works quite well, for the most part. I mean, sometimes I need more, obviously."
"Obviously," said Babs, as if this was the most normal thing in the world.
"I'm sure you'll get to meet most of them, over the course of the week," she winked. Barbara's eyes widened and Julia giggled at her friend's reaction. I had little doubt what 'meet' meant, in this context. I hoped there might be some opportunity this week to get a look at our host naked and, if possible, in action. The way she spoke, it seemed unlikely that we wouldn't.
"I'm definitely easing off a little -- compared to how I used to be, though," Julia continued, taking our plates and putting them in the dishwasher. "I mean, a few years ago I was much busier, with the escorting and the porn, but..."
"Porn?" Barbara jumped in. She'd become quite an afficionado of pornography recently. My ears had perked up at this too. As Julia she bent to stack our plates there was a good flash of underboob visible. Barbara caught me looking, and I was heartened to see her acknowledge this with a smile.
You'd have to be blind to be physically capable of averting your eyes from this vision, who happened to be my girlfriend's best friend. Barbara was as entranced as me, Julia's body was just perfect.
"Yeah, I did some a while back," Julia replied. "I assumed I must have told you. I mean, it was a good few years ago now. You were pretty busy with work and stuff at the time I guess."
"I've always had time for you! But yeah, I was really caught up in my work then, so maybe I wasn't paying attention. So, tell us about it."
"It was just after we married. Charles was doing more work in the states than here, so we were based on the west coast, near San Francisco. He was away most of the time, just like he is now, and you know what I'm like. I needed something to fill the time. So, I met up with this agent guy, and he got me some work."
"What sort of work?"
"All sorts. I mean, I started fairly tame, just boy-girl, girl-girl stuff. But they couldn't get enough of me. My look, the accent, I was getting more work than I could handle. And it paid really well."
"Like you needed the money," Babs laughed gesturing around at our opulent surroundings.
"Yeah, well, there were other attractions... Here," She got up and led us through to the living room, perfect pert buttocks peeking out of the bottom of her shorts, demanding that we follow her. She opened the doors on either side of the oak cabinet upon which the large TV stood. "There you go. All my own work."
We got up and looked. There were literally hundreds of DVDs and Blu Rays there. All porn, and presumably all featuring Julia. I pulled one out at random. There she was on the front, dressed to kill, with an arm around two guys in their boxers. 'Double Trouble' was the title. And on the back, a large uncensored picture. Julia's stunning, smiling face, flanked each side by an erect cock which had just deposited a substantial fresh load of cum onto her face.
'Starring Julia Sterling', the cover said.
"That's my porn name," Julia explained. "I wanted to use my own name; I mean there's nothing I need to hide. But they thought 'Sterling' was a good fit for my image. I was supposed to be a posh, classy English tart gone bad.
I was feeling almost faint. I gawped at this picture of the lovely Julia, proudly advertising her DVD where she clearly enjoyed what those two large cocks had to offer her, judging by her expression. I then gawped at the real, stunning, person standing just a metre away from me, perfectly happy for us to see this.
Suddenly it registered. Julia was stunning, and if I'd never seen her before I'd no doubt be equally captivated. But it hit me - I knew why I recognised her.
"Oh my god!" I laughed. "Julia Sterling. Fuck! I knew I'd seen you somewhere before!" Julia looked amused.
"Ahh, here it comes. Wanked over me before, have you Dan?" she chuckled.
"I have! Fuck! Oh my god! How could I not have registered! English Cum eaters!"
"What?!" Babs laughed.
"English cum eaters! Oh my god. You are so dirty in that film." Julia glowed a little. This was a real compliment to her.
"Is this one of the films under your bed?" Barbara teased.
"No. But honestly, I probably have got others under there. I saw it on the internet. But I remember you from that film. How could I forget! Oh my God, you were so good in that!"
"Thanks!" Julia smiled, flattered. She turned and began to browse through the many films, before finding what she was looking for. "Here!"
She handed it over and Babs grabbed the box. On the cover stood our host, hair pinned up in an elegant style on top of her head, dark makeup drawing you into her amazing eyes. She was dressed in a small pair of black panties, and a white union jack t-shirt. Around her sat several men, all fully clothed.
"Can we watch it?" Barbara said, a slight pleading in her voice like she was asking to open her Christmas presents early.
We all sat down and watched. There were other girls to follow, according to the trailers, but Julia was the star and first up. There was no plot. The film began with a short introduction at the porch of an expensive looking house. Julia introduced herself, and explained what she was going to do.
"Hi, I'm Julia. I'm here to fuck twelve guys and eat their sperm," she smiled sweetly. She then walked through the door to be greeted by the first of many male stars. He was ready to pop already, and her first act was to drop to her knees and accept a large white load into her pretty mouth, red lipstick unblemished so far.
The guy disappeared as soon as he was done, and she got to her feet with a cheeky smile and wink into the camera.
Barbara casually placed her hand into my lap, squeezing my cock and acknowledging how hard her friend was making me.
"Thanks, young man!" the Julia on screen called, and continued stepping purposefully down the corridor. She pushed through some double doors into a room where several men were sitting on long couches and chairs which lined the outside of the room. In the middle stood a glass coffee table.
Julia wandered around each of the guys, letting them feel her up, kissing them passionately and allowing her hands to wander to their crotches as she was passed around them. Soon they had her naked save for her black high heels. She continued to be passed around, cocks began appearing and soon all were as naked as she was.
I finally got a good view of Julia's body, and it was even better than I'd imagined. She was browner then than now, without a hint of a tan line -- she'd obviously made the most of the California sunshine. Those breasts were gravity defying, but clearly as real as the day she was born.
Barbara could tell how much I was suffering and freed my cock, slowly pulling it up and down as we both enjoyed the sight of Julia doing what she did so well. I followed suit and was delighted to find that the sight of her beautiful friend naked and arousing all these guys, and the promise of what was to come, had her wetter than I was hard, if that was possible. Julia looked at us, masturbating each other with our eyes glued to her pornography on the huge TV, with an almost motherly expression.
Julia was fucked all around than two minutes with each guy, being spun around so they could use her mouth and pussy at will. Occasionally she'd be summoned to open her mouth as the guys felt the need to shoot, and she happily ate up all she was given.
Around fifteen minutes in the camera focused on her behind, and one of the guys pulled out of her slippery pussy and began nudging against her smaller hole. Julia called out encouragement as he first stretched and then began slowly pumping into her anus.
"Julia! What the fuck!" Babs was open mouthed. Despite her recent fall from grace, it was easy to forget just how inexperienced she was, and how relatively sheltered she'd been from the world Julia lived in. Anal wasn't something I'd tried with her. In fact, I'd rarely done it, a few drunken attempts during short lived relationships apart.
It hadn't been something I'd really been bothered about at all, but I always enjoyed watching sluts like Julia take a cock inside any orifice. And having watched this film before, I knew what was coming. I watched my girlfriend enjoying her friend getting fucked anally, my fascination at her reaction dwarfed by her fascination for what she was seeing.
"I never knew... I mean, I'd heard of that, but I never thought... what's it like?"
"I'll let you be the judge of that. I'll just say that I never fake anything on camera," she grinned.
We watched on, Babs in silent awe as her friend was fucked more and more thoroughly, with the guys using each hole indiscriminately. Babs eyes widened further until it seemed they might fall out of her head. Her friend was now taking three cocks at once, anally and vaginally, with one in her mouth.
"Airtight," Julia laughed.
"Fuck!" murmured Babs. I'd pulled my trousers down to my knees now and she was pulling my cock more deliberately - I noticed in time with the cocks that were pumping in and out of her friend on the TV.
Julia was making so much noise now she was completely filled I worried about passers-by hearing, but the house was detached enough that this wasn't likely. Babs' mouth was slightly open, and I could see her chest rising and falling as she breathed deeply through her mouth, two of my fingers continuing to stir her juicy little hole and tease her clit.
Julia's orgasm was spectacular. And just as it faded, it started again. Now she was on her back, and the guys crammed two large cocks into her cunt simultaneously.
"Oh god! How do you do that? What does it -- is it good?"
"It's the fucking best, Babs, trust me. Feeling two guys jostling for position inside you, stretching you, pumping in and out -- wow!"
"Really?" Babs' reaction reminded me of the time I'd seen her decide she wanted to expose herself to strangers, or to have sex with other men. This was a light bulb moment, the seed had been sown, and I knew
I'd be thanking Julia for corrupting my once innocent little girlfriend even further before too long.
I remembered how the scene finished. I was looking forward to it, this was the highlight that stuck in my head. Still being fucked from behind either anally or vaginally, guys lined up to use her mouth. As she brought them off, each pulled away and deposited their load onto the glass table. Before long there was a huge mess of what must have been eight or nine loads pooled in a white puddle there.
Julia knelt by the table and began licking if up. The camera moved below the glass and the sight from that angle was so deliciously disgusting. She slurped, lapped and sucked, chasing the puddle of cum around diligently and gradually eating it up as she could manage. Meanwhile another camera captured one of the guys brutally penetrating her anus again.
He began slamming into her wildly. She wasn't able to steady herself and ended up with her face squashed against the sperm-covered glass, sliding back and forth across it as she was fucked so hard. The guys swapped over and this continued. Her perfect, tanned breasts were squashed into the table and slipped up and down the glass, totally soaked and lubricated with sperm.
This went on for a few minutes. This elegant, beautiful young woman sitting next to us watched herself getting totally violated with a little grin on her face, sipping occasionally from a cup of tea. On screen she was screaming in ecstasy continuously, egging on whichever man was penetrating her to fuck her harder.
Finally, the guys who were still going (many were slumped back on the chairs watching on now) fired some more cum over the side of Julia's face as she lay there smiling. Her once sleek and shining hair was a mess, matted and sticking to the table which was totally smeared with sperm. One guy took her head and used it like a mop, soaking up the sperm with her beautiful hair.
There followed a few minutes of Julia cleaning up, the camera following her tongue from above and below the glass as she lapped up the mess thoroughly. More dripped down from her face and hair and she continued to lap it all up like a cat with milk.
Finally, she rose and sat back on a chair, cum soaked hair hanging, bedraggled and sticking to her face, shoulders and breasts. Her make-up was smudged and streaked across her face and her clothes had been torn from her body and discarded. That sight was one of the most beautiful things I'd ever seen. Spreading her legs wide, she gave the camera a sweet smile and wave as the credits rolled.
We'd watched the whole scene, which had lasted for the best part of an hour, in awed silence, save for the gentle squelching of Barbara's wet pussy and the odd little gasp or groan from either of us.
"Fucking. Hell!" was my girlfriend's reaction. Her skirt was around her waist and her knickers around her knees. "Wow! What the fuck!" I laughed to myself at how her vocabulary was degenerating just like her behaviour was. "Julia! I had no idea! I mean I knew what you were like, but that..."
"Did you like it?" Julia smiled. I was as hard as iron.
"Like it? That was so fucking horny. The way you take all those guys on, you are so good at it!"
"I've had a lot of practice."
"And the way they did you, two at once. What the fuck! I never knew that was possible! What does it feel like?"
"Amazing," Julia enthused. "Just totally full of cock. Anal is amazing, haven't you tried it?"
"I have not! It never really came up, I'm not sure I could, isn't it really painful? It's a tiny little hole..."
"It starts off a little painful, but it's an amazing pain. And once that fades, well; I cum much quicker and harder from anal. And when you have another one fucking your pussy at the same time, it's incredible! We've got some work to do if the guys are going to be able to fuck you that way when they come over later!"
"What? Who?" was Barbara's reaction, her face a picture again. I'll admit to being a bit surprised by this news too, but I was ready to adhere to any suggestions this amazing woman could come up with, and I knew Barbara would be too.
"Clive, my masseur. He's coming over around five, and he's got the nicest cock, really. And then Jacob and Krystof will be here around eight. They will be very happy to meet you, I know. But we've got some work to do to make sure you are ready."
There was no request, no consent asked for or given. It was decided. Barbara was to be fucked by three different men tonight. And, by the sounds of it, she was going to be doing some things she'd not even thought of, before today.
The reason for our little break at Julia's became clear. Barbara was the prodigy and Julia was the grandmaster. Barbara, the respected headmistress was now a student at Julia's finishing school for sluts. And she'd already started her first lesson.