Delivery Driver
A modern times short story...
Business was starting to pick up, people were starting to go back to work, it seemed like things were starting to get back to normal. That is at least, if we could avoid what the experts were calling a second spike.
My regular deliveries were returning as I received boxes from the usual delivery companies who brought amazon, eBay and many other online retailers' products to my door.
One regular driver caught my eye, and I clearly his. I'm naturally friendly and smiley when I open my apartment door to receive my deliveries, small talk and also occasional flirting, but most of the drivers are in such a hurry due to their employers' rigorous time management procedures, it's not like you can offer a cup of coffee!
But the driver who I am referring to, took his time and always had time to ask me how I was, even if I needed anything on occasion, such a sweetheart.
He was retired from his full-time job and I guess needing the money had now taken on a logistics business locally. In his 60's, short, fat and bald would be a fairly accurate description.
For those of you who have read any of my other stories, you are probably already thinking, "Sounds like Beth's type." And of course, you would be right!
Well, we met regularly two sometimes, maybe three times per week as he delivered small packages to me for my online business. We talked sometimes very briefly depending on how busy either of us were, sometimes the chats were extended as we both enjoyed the company after being starved of any for a number of weeks due to government restrictions.
Then one day, quite by accident, it took a different turn.
I was taking a shower when my mother had called me. I rushed out of the shower, still wet and wrapped a towel around me to take the call. I picked up and started talking while I tried to dry my body. Then the front doorbell rang. I was expecting a couple of time sensitive deliveries so needed to take it.
"Hold on Mum, I just need to get the door I have a delivery." I said.
Mum continued talking like she hadn't heard me, and I ran to the door, the towel now wrapped around me and the phone to my ear as I needed two hands to open the door. Although a little flustered, there stood my new delivery driver friend, he could see I was busy and just smiled and dropped my parcel and edged backwards to walk away, waving.
I did the same thing and as I did so, my towel fell to the ground.
I quickly scrambled it up, my mum still talking in my ear, I re-wrapped, picked up my parcel and closed the door. The delivery driver, still facing me, was slowly walking backwards away.
How much did he see?
I didn't know but I could guess he saw a little more than I expected. I felt a little embarrassed but then reasoned that it was both a complete accident and there was nothing I could do about it. So, I decided not to worry about it, I'm sure it would never be mentioned and we would all go back to normal.
Which kind of happened.
The next delivery from my new friend was a couple of days later, no mention of any previous mishaps as we small talked about the latest guideline changes etc.
Then as he was leaving, he said, "Well, I'll probably see you in a couple of days, I wonder what you'll be wearing then!" he joked, referring to my towel mishap.
"Oh god yes, what a morning," I said, "My mum calls at the most inconvenient times and I can never get her off the phone. I hope I didn't frighten you."
"Not at all, I really felt for you there trying to multitask, see women can't do it either." He joked.
"It was the highlight of my day." He continued, laughing and hoping he hadn't offended me or crossed a line.
I laughed along with him and said, "Well, maybe I'll surprise you next time."
"Ooh, I'll look forward to that." He said, as he walked away and down the stairs from my 2ndfloor apartment.
There is only one other apartment on my floor and the door is adjacent to mine, so neither of us could see into each other's doors when we opened them. In fact, my neighbour works away a lot and has taken refuge with her long-term boyfriend, so she has not been to her apartment for at least two months. She is a lawyer I believe in her mid-50's and rarely there at the best of times.
So, I have a lot of privacy, I like it that way, I can invite who I want to my apartment at any time of day or night without prying eyes or gossip, the scourge of our society! I enjoy being able to act on the spur of the moment and invite a mature man back to my apartment for fun at any time of the day or night.
As I closed the door and went back inside, I could feel a small surge of eroticism building in me. I liked the fact that he seemed to like what he saw. I was hoping that he liked what he saw and that he was hoping it would happen again - maybe.
By joking about it, it relaxed us both, and by saying it was the highlight of his day clearly meant he liked what he saw. I could clearly have some fun with this, I was thinking.
A couple of days later I was expecting a couple of boxes and the vendor I had purchased from typically used his delivery company for local deliveries, so I was expecting him to see him at some point that day.
As I worked away in my office, I remained wearing a quite short white dressing gown with just my underwear on underneath, rather than getting dressed after my morning shower.
I thought I would open the door to my friend like this, giving him a view of my long legs and maybe a little cleavage if I opened the gown a little. Why not? He deserves a treat and I will get my exhibitionist thrill from it.
I had woken that morning feeling very aroused. I was reading stories on Lit and had a number of naughty PM's to read and respond to. I was also talking directly via email to my new naughty friend Eric and it was getting very heated as we discussed our stories and made plans to write a joint one. I made myself cum and was feeling very good that morning and had an extended playful shower!
The doorbell rang just after 12am. Spying through the peephole I could see it was my friend who had left a box at my door and was making his way back down the stairs.
I opened the door and shouted, "Good morning."
"I've got another box for you, just going to grab it."
He was going back down two flights and climbing back up them with my 2ndheavy box.
He arrived out of puff and with the second box in his hands.
"It's a heavy one, do you want me to bring this one inside for you.?"
He asked, chivalrously.
"It's OK, just put it down in here." I said, as I backed down my hall and let him into the entrance.
He placed the box down and took a little look around my apartment.
"Wow, what a lovely apartment you have, it's so nice in here, and big." He said.
"Yes, it's my pride and joy, I like to keep it nice, you never know who might visit you." I responded.
It was then that he noticed what I was wearing, and he became a little self-conscious.
"My apologies." He said, as he walked back out of the entrance door. "I didn't mean to get in your way."
"Oh, don't worry, sometimes when I'm so busy I don't get dressed until late in the day. Anyway, I told you I'd surprise you." I flirted.
Laughing, he remembered and said, "Oh yes, that's right, well what a lovely surprise."
As he looked me up and down, approvingly, and a little lustfully, he then caught himself and said, "Well I must be off, these deliveries won't make themselves."
As he walked away, I undid the belt on my dressing gown. I slowly opened it as I closed the door.
Just before the door closed it fell to the floor. Our eyes met as I was doing this, and my eyes were full of lust.
I didn't know how much he saw, probably not much, but intentions I believe were made clear. The next visit needed to be planned.
I made my way to the bedroom, stripped naked and played with myself. I opened my laptop and sent Eric a naughty picture of myself. He responded by returning the compliment and I made myself cum while looking at his naked picture and reading his filthy response about what he wanted to do to me. I wrote back telling him he could do anything he wanted to me, and I meant it.
I didn't see my delivery river until the following week, he arrived mid Tuesday morning and I was expecting him. I dressed exactly the same, short dressing gown and underwear, nothing else.
He arrived and was a little nervous. "Good Morning wonderful." He said, how lovely of him!
"Good morning my favourite delivery driver." I responded.
"Now you be careful that lovely dressing gown of yours doesn't slip off, you're not having much luck of late keeping those clothes of yours on, now are you?"
He said, half joking, half flirting, half hoping.
I smiled and started to undo the belt.
I opened the left-hand side of my dressing gown and revealed a white bra and tiny white panties. The right-hand side of my body remained covered. I put my hand on my hip, as if to pose.
"I should be seeing you again later this week, to make it fair, I'll reveal the other side, if you're a good boy." I said, smiling and teasing.
"Then I'll be a very good boy," he said. ''What a fabulous body you have, I love coming here, thank you so much, you don't know what a difference it makes to this old boy."
Thursday at 1pm, he arrived again. And once again I arrived at the door in my dressing gown.
"Hello darling, he said, just one small one for you today"
"Thank you." I responded and opened the door further so he could see me fully.
"Are you waiting for me to show you my right-hand side?"
"Oh, well look I'm sorry if you're busy, I didn't mean to offend you Miss, I'll get on my way if you're too busy for me today." He said.
I panicked a little, he is such a worrier!
"Not at all, I've been really looking forward to your visit, I just wanted to make sure you were ready for me to undress for you today." I teased.
"Oh, I'm ready sweetheart, I haven't thought of much else actually, I can't wait." He said excitedly.
"Excellent, then if you're ready, I'll start." I said.
So, like last time, I slowly undid my dressing gown, this time I removed the right-hand side, leaving my left-hand side covered. I made the same pose with my hand on my right hip, showing my long right leg this time.
However, there was something else different about this time that I was hoping met with his approval.
This time I had already removed my underwear.
His mouth was open as he stared at my naked right breast. He looked down to see half of my closely trimmed pussy just hiding behind the left-hand side of my dressing gown.
"Oh my god, I can't believe it." He said.
I removed the left-hand side of the dressing gown and let it fall to the floor. I covered my bear pussy with my hands and smiled at him as he stared at my breasts.
I backed down my hall a little and said, "Come in."
He walked into my apartment and stood inside my hallway.
"Close the door." I said.
He closed the door and stood inside my hallway watching me.
I turned away from him and slowly stared to move my hips, a little sexy dance and stroked up and down my lower back, my ass cheeks and my outer thighs.
I faced the wall and put my hands high up on the wall and pushed my naked ass out, it was a matter of inches from him.
I swayed my ass left and right and inched it closer to him. "Touch me." I said.
I felt his warm hand slowly touch and squeeze my right ass cheek.
"You feel so soft." Was all he could manage to say to me.
He then introduced his left hand and slowly squeezed my other cheek. He was softly groping my ass as I wriggled in front of him. I could feel my pussy leaking and even running a little down my inner thigh.
I turned to face him, and I squeezed my naked breasts, I moved my left hand down to rub my pussy, my word it was on fire.
"You've made me get all wet." I said and showed him my wet finger.
He took my finger and kissed it then licked it, tasting my pussy juice.
I slowly edged down along the wall and sank down to my knees. Without losing eye contact I reached out and started to undo his belt...
To be continued, very soon...