Culture shock rattles a white family moving to a black neighborhood.
Author's note: Writing these stories takes a lot of time and effort. My reward is your thumbs up, or down. Please vote, comment, and/or send feedback. Thanks for reading!
Making the Move
A loud shout of "Oh shit!" echoed through the Budget rental truck, backed into the gravel driveway of a modest 50-year-old house. The outburst caused Stanley Winfield to scold his teenage daughter, responsible for the profanity.
"Erica!" Stan bellowed, "You know that we don't use that kind of language in this family! You might have turned 18 last week, but that doesn't mean that you're going to have a potty mouth around here!"
Erica was apologetic. "I'm sorry, Daddy, but somebody didn't tape the bottom of this box and now there's kitchen shi-, I mean stuff, all over the truck."
"Okay," Stan said, softening his tone, "I'll help you pick it up."
"Daddy, why couldn't we just hire a moving company?"
Stan shook his head and sighed. "Because, Erica, we couldn't afford to hire movers. We could barely afford to rent this truck."
Stan and Erica gathered the forks, spoons, and kitchen gadgets strewn across the floor of the truck while their wife and mother, respectively, carried more of their belongings into the house.
Mrs. Stan Winfield was otherwise known as Alexa. Even covered with sweat and grime from helping with the move, Alexa still exuded natural grace and beauty as she trod from the truck to the house and back again. She looked 10 years younger than her 38 years, thanks in no small part to the spa regimen that she had followed since Erica's birth. Her breasts were the envy of other women and the eye candy of men everywhere. For $15-thousand, one of the top plastic surgeons in North America had crafted Alexa's stunning rack two years earlier after the image-conscious beauty noticed the first sign of sagging.
"Let's take a 10-minute break," Stan suggested as he sat down on the back of the truck. Wife Alexa joined him while daughter Erica went inside the old house that was to be their new home.
While he and his wife sat together, Stan pondered the current situation. To say that the Winfield family had experienced a recent "reversal of fortune" would be a gross understatement.
After a minute, Alexa asked Stan, straight out, why he had decided to move them into that particular neighborhood.
"It's where I grew up. I know the area, or I thought I did, and it's affordable. It's a place for us to make a new start, Honey. Plus, my cousin is giving me a job here."
Alexa quickly inserted, "But it's a black neighborhood! For the past two hours, everybody that I've seen on this street has been black, except for one white woman, and she was with a black man."
Stan became defensive. "When I was growing up here, it was a white neighborhood with a few blacks. Now, I guess it's become a black neighborhood with a few whites. I didn't know it changed. The real estate lady didn't mention it either, but I don't think they're allowed to."
Stan continued. "You know my probation officer wouldn't let us move here unless we had a place to stay, so I had to rent the first thing I could find. And I'm lucky that my cousin is letting me work at his used car lot downtown. I couldn't get a job anywhere else."
The couple sat quietly, then Stan wrapped an arm around Alexa and he spoke more.
"A year ago, we had that big beach house on the ocean and a two-story cabin in the mountains," Stan nostalgically recalled. "We had almost $20 million in the bank, with more rolling in every day. My job was to make money and yours was to spend it. Who would have ever guessed? First the raid at our house, when those U.S. Marshals woke us up with their guns in our faces..."
Alexa interrupted. "And I was sleeping naked and those feds wouldn't let me get dressed because they wanted to gawk at my big boobs with my hands cuffed behind my back!"
Stan and Alexa shared a quick laugh, then turned serious again. Stan continued, "When they did let us get dressed, they threw us both in jail."
Stan went on to tell his wife, for about the hundredth time, how stupid he felt for partnering with a conman who promised to make him far wealthier than he already was. Stan did not realize that his new partner was running an illegal Ponzi scheme, stealing all of his money and millions more from other victims of the scam. Because Alexa was listed as a principal in the enterprise she was arrested along with her husband. But federal prosecutors dropped the charges against Alexa when they realized she was innocent, and she only spent a week in jail. Stan was locked up behind bars for three months, until he agreed to testify against his former partner, and to serve 10 years' probation, essentially prohibiting him from running his own business again for the next decade.
On top of all that, Stan had to make financial restitution and forfeit everything that he owned, except for his family's clothes and some other personal possessions of no great value.
"Well, no point crying over spilled milk," Stan declared as he stepped down from the truck and offered his wife a hand. "We've done enough crying. Now we have to suck it up and make the best of it. I know we're not in a good place right now, but maybe God, or fate, or karma, or whatever, has put us here for a reason."
Alexa gave her husband a hug and tried to keep a stiff upper lip. "You're right -- we will make the best of it. I'm sure we'll be okay, but I'm a little concerned about Erica. She's lived a sheltered life, so far. I've heard that black boys like to go after white girls and I don't know how she would handle that."
Alexa had just given Stan something new to worry about. It was obvious in his expression, but he put on a happy face and enthusiastically announced, "Well, this truck won't unload itself, so let's finish up and get it over to the rental yard before we have to pay a late penalty."
Christening the new bedroom
Stan, Alexa and Erica all wanted to take showers as soon as they finished unloading and returning the truck. In the mansion they had previously occupied, each of them had their own luxurious bathroom, but the little crackerbox that was now their home had only one bath, and the water heater was small. Stan let his wife and daughter get their showers first and found no hot water when his turn came.
Because it was an unnecessary expense, the family had no cable TV. Stan twisted two wire coat hangers together to create a makeshift antenna and did manage to pull in two nearby broadcast stations. Sitting on the couch,
watching the only TV programs she could access, Erica started feeling totally sorry for herself and she broke out in tears.
"I hate this place!" Erica sobbed. "I don't know anyone. There's nothing to do. My old friends back home won't even answer my calls or texts. It's like I'm the criminal, not you two! I'm totally fucked!"
"Erica!" Stan barked, "Watch your language! It's not acceptable!"
Huddling close to her, Stan and Erica consoled their daughter, telling her that life was bound to get better and that it would not be long before she was happy again.
"I hope so," Erica said as she kissed her parents "good night" and went off to sleep for the first time in her tiny new bedroom.
A half-hour later, Alexa nestled closer to Stan on the couch, and with a sly smile, she said, "I've already put clean sheets on the bed. Why don't we Christen our new home?"
As Alexa had expected, Stan wanted to beg off.
"Not tonight, Alexa. I'm really tired from moving everything and I'm just not exactly in the mood."
"I'm tired too," Alexa said. "I'm sure we'll both be sore tomorrow from all the bending and lifting, but it's our first night in our new place. Like you said, it's a new beginning. It'll be good luck. I know with all the worrying about being in jail, and maybe going to prison, and how we need to pick up the pieces after losing everything we had, you haven't exactly been 'on your game' in the bedroom, but I need some loving really bad, and you're just the man to give it to me!"
Stan nodded his head, silently accepting what his wife had said and agreeing to give lovemaking a try. Alexa was right about all the stress making it hard for Stan to perform. But, even on their honeymoon 20 years earlier, he was never a stellar performer. Still, Stan's current dysfunction was more deeply rooted than Alexa realized.
As mentioned previously, Stan had recently spent 90 days, and 90 nights, in jail. It was a very unpleasant time for him. He was one of the few white people incarcerated in a jail crammed with black men. Stan had never had any homosexual leanings. In fact, he sometimes made fun of gay guys. But, after being slapped senseless during his first hours in lock-up, he changed his attitude. By the end of his first week, Stan was quite
skilled at sucking big black cocks, and by the end of his 12thweek in custody, he was quite content to be a sissy cum-guzzling cocksucker.
Released from jail and reunited with his beautiful wife, Stan found his sexual appetite and libido had gone haywire. Sometimes he would get a morning woodie or some other spontaneous hard-on, but to maintain an erection he often had to secretly fantasize about the dozens of times that he filled his mouth with a black cock. Even then, it did not work every time.
That night, together in their new bedroom for the first time, Stan and Alexa embraced and kissed. Alexa took the lead and smiled as she undressed her man, pulling his shirt off over his head, then pushing him onto the bed and loosening his belt so she could slide his pants off. Being especially playful, Alexa bit her husband's underwear with her teeth and giggled as she pulled them down.
Alexa then did a slow strip tease as she took her own clothes off. Because Stan had always loved her enhanced breasts, Alexa left her bra on, hoping that Stan would assault her titties during their lovemaking. It worked.
After a couple minutes of French kissing, Stan complained that Alexa's bra was in his way, and he very theatrically reached around her, unhooked the straps, slowly pulled it away from her amazing boobs, and flung it like a Frisbee across the small room.
Stan drew one of Alexa's stiff nipples into his mouth, sucking it hard, while he diddled her other nip with his fingers. Alexa began to moan loudly.
"Shhhhhhh!" Stan hushed her with a finger over his pursed lips. "Erica's in the next room and the walls in this old place are paper thin."
At first Alexa tried to stifle her moans as Stan continued to attack her tits, but then she began to get loud again. It was as if some latent exhibitionist tendency in her had been awakened. She slipped three fingers into her pussy -- which was dripping wet -- and confirmed for herself that she was becoming turned-on at the thought of her now-grown daughter hearing her receive sexual pleasure. Alexa aroused herself further when she imagined herself shouting, "Hey Erica! Do you hear what's going on?! Your mother is getting fucked in here!"
Alexa never did her imaginary shout-out to Erica, but just the thought made her smile.
After sucking both nipples at length, Stan returned to Alexa's face, and resumed kissing her. The husband and wife plunged their tongues into each other's mouths and let their hands run wild. Stan rubbed his hand on Alexa's pussy, feeling how wet and smooth it was. He kissed her again and smiled with their faces inches apart. "You shaved for me. Nice," he said.
Alexa giggled and rubbed the scruffy whiskers on Stan's cheek. "You didn't shave for me," Alexa said, pretending to pout, "but I'm going to let you fuck me anyway!"
After saying that, Alexa ran her hand down to double-check her husband's erection. She wrapped her hand around his dick and happily discovered that he was stiff as a board. Not knowing how long Stan's stiffy would last, Alexa wiggled into position on her back with her legs spread wide apart. Stan wasted no time either, knowing that his dick had not been too dependable lately. He effortlessly pushed it into Alexa's welcoming hole.
"Ohhh, that feels so good!" Stan moaned.
"Oh fuck yes!" Alexa responded. She was never one to use foul language, except during sex. But, when her pussy was on fire she could cuss up a storm.
"Oh Stan, fuck me! Fuck my pussy! You don't know how much I need to be fucked!
Stan slammed Alexa as hard as he could, given what he had to work with. At least it was hard, and it felt pretty damned good to both the husband and wife.
After a couple minutes of pumping, Stan began to fret about whether he would be able to finish with orgasms for both him and Alexa. The fretting was having a negative effect and Stan could feel it in his waning dick. He quickly shifted his thoughts to the jailhouse, where he was used as a sex toy by nasty black men more virile and powerful than he ever was. Those perverted thoughts proved to be rejuvenating and Stan picked up his pace.
"Oh fuck, Stan, I'm going to cum!" Alexa screamed. "Oh god! Fuck me! I'm cumming! I'm fucking cumming! Ooooooooh! Ooooooooh! Ooooooooh!
As Alexa climaxed so did Stan, squirting a decent dose of semen into his woman. They both collapsed, still pressed together, and gently kissed each other.
"That was great. The best we've had in a long time," Alexa said through her grateful smile. "We needed this so much. Maybe this little old house really can bring us luck. I'm happier right now than I've been in a long time."
Stan was happy too. It had been a while since he'd had mutually rewarding relations with his wife. He did not like having to resurrect submissive memories to do the deed, but the end result was nice. Without bothering to dress in any night clothes, Alexa and Stan snuggled together and drifted off to sleep.
In the adjoining bedroom, Erica curled up in her bed to sleep as well. She had just spent most of the last hour with her ear pressed against wall, hearing every peep and fingering herself to a nice orgasm while listening to her mother and father fuck.
Invitation to socialize.
Over the course of the next week, Alexa, Stan and Erica settled into their new routine in their "new old" home. Stan sold four used cars at his cousin's lot and Alexa got a part-time job at McDonald's. The McDonald's uniform was definitely not her style, but Alexa put it on and wore it without complaint whenever she had to work a shift. At least their mundane occupations kept them busy during the day.
Erica was to be a senior at her new high school, but since it was summer there was no school. She was totally bored and spent her days lying on the couch, watching TV, and surfing the internet.
One weekday, when Stan got home from work, Alexa followed him into their bedroom as he went to change clothes and she shared a bit of news.
"I met the people next door," Alexa casually mentioned. "They seem nice enough, but they're not exactly our kind of people."
Stan was bemused. "Not our kind of people? Now what does that mean?"
Alexa dramatically rolled her eyes and said, "You'll see what I mean," then she expanded on her answer. "The wife's name is Pam. She's white, and about my age, but I think she looks older. You can tell she hasn't had any work done (Alexa circled her face with her finger). She's a skinny blue-eyed blonde, and even though she's got some hard miles on her, you'll probably think she's pretty. She's got quite a few tattoos, she swears like a sailor and she smokes like a chimney. From what she said, she likes to drink and smoke a little weed too. Oh, and they have one son, a boy named Travis who's Erica's age."
Stan laughed and said, "Well, that's quite a run-down on the lady of the house. What about her husband?"
Alexa answered, "I didn't notice much about him, except that he's big and black. I mean pitch black. His name is Wiley and he's not legally Pam's husband. But they've lived together for 20 years, and he's her baby-daddy, as she puts it, so they consider themselves 'married'."
Stan shook his head in amusement and sarcastically stated, "Well, the neighbors sound like a couple of real winners. But, we can be polite and just keep to ourselves. I guess I'll have to say 'hi' at some point."
"Oh, you'll get to say 'hi' Saturday afternoon," Alexa stated. "Pam invited us to a pool party at their place."
Stan looked surprised. "They have a swimming pool on the other side of that falling-down fence? A pool, in this neighborhood?" Stan smiled when he added, "I guess we're hooking up with some pretty highfalutin folks around here!"
Pool Party
On Saturday afternoon, Alexa reminded her husband and daughter that they had a social engagement to attend, in their neighbors' backyard. They each put on their bathing suits. When Alexa exited the bedroom wearing hers, Stan did a double take.
"Wow, Alexa, that bikini is pretty skimpy and it makes your breasts look enormous. I'm not complaining, but don't you have something a little less 'showy' to wear?"
"No Stan, I don't. Remember when I got my boob job, and you picked out this bikini, and you told me to throw out all my other bathing suits? Well, I did and now this bikini is all that I have. Besides, I get the impression that Pam and Wiley are pretty laid back and fun-loving, so they'll probably like my look. I have a cover-up to wear when we're not in the water."
Alexa, Erica and Stan knocked on their neighbors' door and were warmly greeted. The two ladies followed Pam into her kitchen. As Pam lit a cigarette, she held her pack out to Erica, offering one to the teenager. Erica frowned and waved off the offer, saying that she did not smoke.
Pam laughed and said, "Oh shit, another goody-goody like your mother! Well, I'm going to have to corrupt you two if you're going to live next door to me!" All three of them laughed at that.
Meanwhile, Wiley led Stan out the back door so that he could show off his swimming pool. It was an above-ground type, round and about four feet deep. The pool was half-surrounded by a crudely constructed wooden deck. Wiley handed Stan a beer from his ice cooler and boasted that the pool and deck cost him nothing because he and his son, Travis, disassembled it and took it from a foreclosed house kitty-corner to their place.
While Stan and Wiley sipped their beers, the back door swung open and Pam, Alexa and Erica walked out carrying watermelon, chips and dip. Right behind them, Travis sauntered out dressed only in his swim trunks. Pam introduced Travis to everyone. Erica, who had never seen Travis before, was impressed with the young man's muscular physique, and she was taken a bit by his burnt caramel complexion and his big, curly head of Afro hair. She had never associated with anyone who was not 100-percent Caucasian, but she wondered to herself whether Travis was someone that she might enjoy hanging out with.
"Everybody in the pool!" Wiley happily shouted.
As soon as Alexa removed her cover-up, revealing her tiny bikini, Pam erupted with "Would you look at those fucking tits! Holy shit, girl! Those can't be real!"
"Who cares if they're real?!" Wiley declared as Alexa blushed a deep red. "You're a lucky man, Stan, having those big old titties to play with every night!"
"Now don't you get any fucking ideas, Wiley!" Pam loudly cautioned. "You touch those puppies today and you won't get any pussy for a week!"
Pam, Wiley, and Travis doubled over, laughing. Stan, Alexa and Erica were simply stunned.
Everyone splashed around in the pool, laughing and talking -- just having fun as they got better acquainted. After about an hour, Pam announced that she was leaving the water to smoke a cigarette. Stan said he had to use the bathroom. Wiley told Stan to just step behind the big bushes between the fence and the house. After relieving himself, Stan grabbed another beer and sat in one of the white plastic chairs on the wood deck, next to Pam. Erica, Alexa, Travis and Wiley splashed them occasionally as they continued to frolic in the shallow pool.
"Chicken fight!" Travis hollered at the top of his lungs. He immediately dove under water, followed close behind by Wiley. Alexa and Erica both shrieked when they each found themselves hoisted up on the shoulders of the dark complected father and son. With Alexa holding on to his hands as she squeezed her inner thighs around his neck, Wiley announced, "The first one to hit the water is the loser!"
From the sidelines, Pam tossed her half-smoked cigarette away so she could clap her hands and cheer-on the bathing-suited gladiators, laughing and staggering around in the pool. Stan just stared, slack-jawed, at the childish spectacle before him.
Before long, Travis lost his balance and Erica tumbled into the water, joined by Alexa and Wiley. Alexa was laughing at the hijinks and was stepping toward the pool ladder when Travis shouted "rematch!" and she found herself riding Wiley's shoulders for another chicken fight. In that round, Erica yanked her mother's bikini strap, causing her to tumble off Wiley's broad shoulders. Erica threw two fists in the air, celebrating her victory. Alexa quickly shoved her boobs back into place and re-fastened the bikini strap, but not before Wiley caught a good glimpse of her nipples -- something that Alexa could not help but notice.
Pam grabbed Stan by the wrist, and said, "Come on, Stan. Let's show these wussies how to win a chicken fight!"
Stan had no desire to take Pam on his shoulders and do battle with his wife and daughter, but he had little choice. Pam dragged Stan into the pool and shoved him underwater so that she could climb up on him. "You fuckers are going down!" Pam laughed as she tightened her legs around Stan's upper body and went after Alexa and Erica with everything she had. "Those big fucking titties make you top heavy!" Pam shouted at Alexa as she caused her to tumble off of Wiley.
After a couple more rounds, everyone was feeling happy but exhausted. The game had had a major impact on everyone. Through the close physical contact and camaraderie, they had all gone from being relative strangers to being close friends, lightning fast.
For the next two hours, the two families relaxed around the pool, alternating in and out of the water. They munched on snacks and drank beer and sodas. Pam tried to get Alexa and Stan to let Erica have a beer, but the parents insisted she was too young to start drinking alcohol.
As the sun was setting, the party ended. The new friends shared friendly goodbye hugs. Wiley brought a laugh from everyone when he pressed his
chest against Alexa's big knockers for an extra-close squeeze. Wiley then walked the Winfields over to his fence gate and opened it for them to depart.
When he returned to the pool deck from walking the guests out Wiley announced, "They're gone. Seem like nice people."
With the cigarette she was smoking dangling from her lips, Pam reached behind her back and unfastened her bathing suit top. She let it fall to the deck, then pushed her panty bottoms down and off, revealing her breasts with their pierced nipples and her slightly overgrown bush. Travis watched his mother undress, then he dropped his trunks. So did Wiley, leaving the family of three naked.
"I don't think our new neighbors were quite ready to go natural today," Pam observed, "but they sure-as-shit will be soon enough. We're gonna have some fun with them. I can tell!"
Everyone nodded, then Pam walked over to her fully exposed son and gave him a friendly swat on his bare butt. "And weren't you the naughty boy!" she said playfully. "Chicken fights?! That's one way to get close to that white girl's pussy, but it didn't do you much fucking good rubbing against the back of your neck! I like the way you're thinking, though!"
Days that Followed
In the days that followed the pool party, members of both families connected off and on. Stan and Wiley did not speak, mainly because they had no occasion to.
Pam and Alexa got together a couple of times. Once, Pam visited the Winfield home on the pretense of borrowing a cup of milk. Another time, Pam invited Alexa to her place just to talk and have a beer. Pam preferred having Alexa come to her house because she could smoke there, something that Alexa asked her not to do in her house. Alexa still felt that Pam and Wiley were not "her kind of people" but she was glad to have made a friend, and a white one at that, in the depressed minority community she now called home.
To Stan's surprise, and consternation, Travis dropped by a couple of times to hang out with Erica. Both times the two teens ended up at Travis' house because he had a big-screen cable TV, plus video games and music players that Erica no longer possessed, since hers were confiscated by the government. Stan confided to Alexa that he did not feel that Travis was a suitable suitor for his daughter, but Alexa reassured him that Erica and
Travis had a purely platonic relationship and were nothing more than friends of convenience.
On Sunday afternoon, Alexa got a phone call from Pam.
"Hey Alexa. It's such a beautiful day that we're going to jump in the pool for a while. We were thinking that maybe you and Stan and Erica could come over and join us. It's always more fun with more people, and we had a blast the last time you swam with us."
Alexa, who at that moment was feeling bored out of her skull, was quick to accept the invitation, saying she and Stan would bring beer, soft drinks and a bag of pretzels.
"Oh, that would be perfect!" Pam said, adding, "and Wiley told me to tell you to wear the same bikini that you wore last time. Men, right?!"
Pam and Alexa both laughed at the little joke before they ended their call. Alexa immediately told her husband and daughter to get ready for a quick dip in the neighbors' pool.
Alexa felt a little shiver run up her spine when she scooped her big boobs into her ever-popular bikini top, knowing that the black man next door would be ogling her in it. When she pulled her bikini bottom up and stretched it tight Alexa noticed that, in the taut fabric, there was a camel toe visible that she had never noticed before. She felt another shiver.
While Erica adjusted her bikini, Stan donned his usual swim trunks. Five minutes later, they were on the pool deck joining Pam and Wiley.
Travis, who was dressed in dry clothes, told everyone -- especially Erica -- that he had a brand-new video game. He invited Erica to check it out. She decided that she would go into the house and play the video game instead of swimming with the parents.
Stan grabbed two brews for himself and Alexa, noticing that Pam and Wiley were already holding beer cans as they waded in the warm water. It was also obvious that Pam and Wiley had been drinking for a while and both were happily under the influence. After another hour, all four people in the pool were feeling pretty happy-go-lucky and uninhibited.
Seemingly out of the blue, Pam decided to tackle the topic of Alexa's swimwear.
"I don't know why you bother to wear that bikini, Alexa! You know you want to show off those big tits, and that top barely covers your fucking
nipples! You might as well wear nothing at all. You know what? Fuck it! That's what I'm going to wear -- nothing at all!" With that said, Pam howled with drunken laughter as she unfastened her bathing suit top and tossed it at Alexa.
Alexa caught Pam's top and lobbed it onto the deck with a laugh. Stan tried to act cool, but his eyes were riveted on Pam's nice-sized boobs with gold hoops piercing both nipples and a black spade symbol tattooed on her left breast.
"Okay Alexa," Pam shouted, "It's your turn! Take it off!
Wiley joined his wife and they both began chanting in unison. "Take it off! Take it off! Take it off!"
Until very recently, exposing herself would have been unthinkable for the classy and sophisticated person that Alexa was. But out of necessity, she had lowered her standards. Plus, she was feeling the same exhibitionist yearning that she had felt while having noisy sex within earshot of her daughter.
Grinning ear to ear, Alexa reached behind herself, unhooked her bikini top, pulled it off and tossed it toward her husband. Stan grabbed it and held it up on display.
"I can't believe you did that, Alexa!" Stan said. It was hard to tell whether he was actually perturbed or just acting that way. "What the hell has gotten into you?!"
"A couple of beers and just wanting to have a little fun in this God-forsaken town!"
Laughing loudly, Pam started waving her hands high in the air, jiggling her naked boobs and swaying her hips in a sort of hula dance. She started gravitating slowly toward Alexa, prompting Alexa to copy her moves. Wiley was all smiles as he clapped his hands and started shouting "Oh yeah, get it! Oh yeah, shake those tits!"
Stan seemed to be loosening up some. He smiled as he watched his wife and their neighbor performing half naked. They were not half-naked for long though, because after the water dance brought the two women close enough to speak a few words to each other, Alexa and Pam yanked off their bathing suit bottoms and tossed them high in the air, letting them fall to Earth in the backyard. Both laughed so hard they could hardly stand once they were totally naked.
"Hey Pam, look at Alexa!" Wiley called to his wife. "She shaves her pussy! I think it looks pretty damned good, right?"
Stan could not believe that the black man who lived next door could so nonchalantly, and loudly, be assessing his wife's vagina. Alexa blushed a deep shade of red, then she felt another shiver up her spine, secretly thrilled by this latest exhibitionist experience.
Pam ignored her husband's comment about their new friend's smooth pussy. Instead, she decided to deflect the attention.
"Okay Alexa," Pam shouted, "I think that it's time for everybody to strip, don't you?" Addressing Wiley and Stan, she demanded, "Come on, guys. Let's go! Off with your bathing suits!"
Wiley did not hesitate for an instant. He scrambled out of the water to stand on the wood deck and dropped his swim trunks. He laughed as he stood there, his hands on his hips, and his big black cock hanging down between his sturdy legs, half-way to his knees. Neither Stan nor Alexa could help but gasp and gawk.
Pam took pride and pleasure in witnessing the couple's muted reaction and admiration of her husband's impressive penis. After a minute, Pam yelled, "Okay Stan, it's just you now. Take off those trunks and show us what you got, white boy!"
Stan suddenly faced a dilemma. He had no desire to display his unimpressive private parts, but to refuse to go along at that point would have brought embarrassment and ridicule of another type. Besides, Stan reasoned, Wiley's cock was so freakishly large that no one would expect him to compete with it.
With the women cheering him on, pale-faced Stan climbed out of the pool and stood next to jet-black Wiley, who was almost a foot taller and far more muscular, not to mention his being blessed with a cock that was twice as long and twice as thick as an average white dick. Everyone laughed and clapped as Stan bared it all.
As the celebration subsided, there was an air of awkwardness. What would they do next? Stan was not particularly attracted to Pam, and Alexa had never once expressed an interest in black men, although she was beginning to behave like an admirer. Stan wondered whether she felt tempted to explore Wiley further.
Unlike swingers who put themselves in situations where they expect to switch sex partners, Stan and Alexa had joined Wiley and Pam for a
couple hours of low-key fun and relaxation. Nevertheless, the sexual tension was undeniable and palpable.
As she bent down to pick up her beer can, Alexa discreetly skimmed her smooth pussy with her fingers and found it very wet. It confirmed what she had detected -- a slickening of her slit. Alexa could not seem to stop staring at Wiley's big black cock and she knew that it was turning her on. She also knew that she would be dripping wet, and visibly so, in a minute or two. She jumped back in the pool to hide her condition, and to chill the rising heat in her pussy.
At the same time, Stan had a growing hard-on, also brought on by merely looking at Wiley's big black cock. Stan was having flashbacks to his months in jail and all the similar cocks that he'd been forced (at first, anyway) to take in his mouth.
With urgency, Stan announced, "I have to take a leak" and while trying to hide his boner with his hand, he scrambled down from the pool deck and dashed over to the bushes beside the house. Already naked and highly aroused, Stan feverishly jerked himself to a fast finish, dousing the plants with his cum and grunting involuntarily.
Pam heard his muffled moans and shouted, "you okay over there?"
"Yeah, I'm just fine," Stan hollered back. After jerking off, Stan felt the usual letdown that comes from cumming. Jerking off had helped to ward off his unmanly desires, but standing there, naked in the back yard, Stan still wanted to suck Wiley's cock into his mouth in the worst way. But, before he gave in, and did something that could have embarrassed himself, and forever changed the way that Alexa saw him, Stan fought that overwhelming urge. Besides, he had no way of knowing whether Wiley would accept a blow job, or beat him to a pulp for suggesting it.
Mustering his last ounce of self-control and resolve, Stan looked at Alexa, still bare naked, and declared, "We have to go home! Now!"
Pam and Wiley tried their best to convince Stan and Alexa to stay, even suggesting that they could get dressed again if the nudity bothered them. Stan insisted that they had to get going. Alexa appeared a bit hesitant but she nodded in agreement with her husband.
Wiley wrapped an arm around Alexa's shoulder and quietly said "I really hate to see you go, but we'll pick this up again some other time. Sometime soon."
When Alexa and Stan got back into their clothes, Stan said, "we need to round up Erica. She's been playing that video game with Travis long enough."
As Pam led Stan and Alexa from the back door through the house, there was no sign of Erica. They all paused in the living room.
Pam walked a few steps down the hallway and opened a closed bedroom door. She poked her head inside the room and said, "Erica, your mom and dad are leaving and they're looking for you."
There was a hushed exchange that Stan and Alexa could not quite hear, then Pam stepped back from the door, pulled it closed and said, "Erica says they'll be done with the game in five minutes and she'll be home right after that."
Not wanting to delay another minute, Stan thanked Pam and led Alexa out the front door and back to their humble home.
Girl Talk
Two days after the naked swim that nearly spiraled out of control, Pam was worried that her friendship with Alexa might have been strained by the series of risqué events. To get together with Alexa one-on-one, Pam called and asked her to help her polish her nails. Pam said that she could never do a good job on her own toes and could use some help. Pam promised to do Alexa's nails in return for help with her own.
"I'm really not very experienced at this," Alexa told Pam when they sat together to do their nails and drink a beer or two.
"You're probably used to getting pedicures and manicures at some fancy salon," Pam said with a smile. "Your daughter told my son about how you used to be rich but now you're poorer than we are. Stop me if I'm getting too personal, but did you and Stan really go to jail for stealing money from investors?"
Alexa did not mind talking about her reversal of fortune. It was almost therapeutic for her, so she told Pam that she had spent a week in jail while Stan was locked up for three months. She related how Stan had been bamboozled by a conman who was going to make him a billionaire, not just a millionaire, and it cost their family every dime they had and everything they owned. Alexa explained how Stan had moved them back to his boyhood hometown after his cousin offered him a job selling used cars -- a job that Stan had to take.
As Alexa kept her eyes fixed on the pink polish she was dabbing on Pam's toenails, she said, "I didn't know, and neither did Stan, that we were moving into a black neighborhood." Alexa realized that she was sounding racist, and was quick to add, "Not that there's anything wrong with black people, or living with black people! That didn't come out right! Well, you know what I mean."
Pam laughed. "It must have been a major culture shock when you discovered that Stan moved you to Nigger Town!
Alexa laughed nervously while Pam casually lit a cigarette and spoke more after her first exhale. "You're probably wondering how I wound up here with Wiley. Well, I've had jungle fever ever since puberty. I was the pretty white girl who dated black boys and I was still in high school when Wiley got me pregnant with Travis. Having a black baby sorta sealed the deal. We've been living here, together, ever since."
"Wow," Alexa said, "what do you think it was that made you want to date boys who weren't, you know, white?"
Pam took a long drag on her cigarette and smiled as she blew out a cloud of smoke. "I can tell that you have never, ever been with a black guy; otherwise, you would know. Black skin on white skin just looks so fucking good, it's a major turn-on. But the main thing for me is the way that I just love getting fucked by a big black cock!"
Alexa chuckled. "That whole thing about having mind-blowing sex with black guys, and how their 'big black cocks' are so much better than white penises is just B.S. -- it's an urban legend!"
"Who the hell ever told you that, Alexa?! Stan?! No offense, but if I had a dick as small as his I'd say that big black cocks are 'bullshit' too!"
The women sat and laughed until they cried, then Pam said something that floored Alexa. "If you want to find out what it's like to fuck a big black cock -- how really good it feels -- let me know. There is no fucking doubt that Wiley would love to show you!"
"And you're telling me that you'd be alright with that, Pam?!"
"Sure. Why not? I know that Wiley fools around some. I almost feel like I'm being selfish, not sharing him more, and besides, I get more than enough cock from him, believe me! If you want me to, I can tell Wiley that you're interested and he'll fuck your brains out tonight!"
"Oh no!" Alexa responded adamantly. "No! Don't say anything. Not a word." A few seconds later she added, "Not yet anyway."
After both women had fresh polish on their fingers and toes, Alexa said goodbye and left. An hour later, her head was still spinning. She had a lot to think about.
Something to do
It was just another weekday evening. Stan, Alexa and Erica sat in their living room, glancing at the television, not at all interested. Erica twirled her long hair with her finger. Across the room, Alexa talked on her phone. When she ended the call, Alexa spoke to her husband. "Stan, you don't have to work at the car lot this Friday night, do you?" Stan answered "no."
"How about you, Erica?" Alexa queried next. "You're going to be around, aren't you?"
It was obvious that Alexa wanted to rope her husband and daughter into some Friday night activity, and Erica was not going to agree to it without learning more.
"Why do you ask, Mom? What do you have in mind?"
"Well, that was Pam from next door on the phone," Alexa stated. "She wants us to come to dinner. She says she's making her grandmother's spaghetti sauce and it's the best sauce in the world. I really shouldn't be eating all those carbs, but at least it would give us something to do for a couple of hours -- if you both want to go, that is."Stan sounded a bit annoyed when he asked, "They're not doing anything weird, are they? I mean, everyone is gonna be dressed and we're going to sit at the table and eat spaghetti, right?"
Alexa's reaction was to laugh. "As far as I know. Pam said we can hang out a little, have a couple beers and eat."
"I guess it's okay with me," Stan said before he turned to ask Erica whether she was on board. The teenager shrugged her shoulders and said, "sure, whatever."
Alexa said that she would call Pam and accept the invitation. She felt just the slightest bit uneasy because when her husband asked whether anything "weird" was likely to occur, she had said no. But truth be told, Alexa got the distinct impression from Pam that something more than just a dinner party was being planned.
Dinner for Six
Alexa, Stan and Erica were expected at Pam and Wiley's for dinner at 7 PM. Since they were only walking next door, they did not need to get ready until the last minute.
Back when they were millionaires, barely a year earlier, Alexa always loved to dress for dinner and she imparted the habit upon Erica too. Since their costly clothing was really all they had left from their formerly opulent lives, Erica kept up the practice of dressing for any somehow-special mealtime, even though it made her look somewhat pretentious, given her current low social standing.
"Put on some makeup, and wear a dress," Alexa called out to Erica as dinner time approached.
"Okay Mom," was the reply from Erica, who had already planned to do her makeup and wear a nice dress that showed off her long legs and shapely curves. Of course, Alexa wore a dress that was low-cut to showcase her well-enhanced bosom.
Stan was wearing a pair of designer jeans and a polo shirt as he waited for Alexa and Erica. When his wife and daughter exited their bedrooms, ready to go, Stan was floored by their appearance.
"Wow! You both look gorgeous! I've got the best-looking ladies in this whole neighborhood! I'll bet Wiley and Travis are going to be jealous when they get a look at you two!"
When they arrived at their neighbors' house, Stan was a little surprised to see that Pam was wearing a dress too. He politely complimented her and she returned his kindness with a kiss on his cheek. Wiley, wearing baggy pants and a tank top, the same as Travis, grinned and then told Alexa and Erica, "you two look awesome!" He then gave Alexa an exaggerated hug, pressing his chest hard against her breasts. With all the laughing in the room, Stan could not hear what Wiley told Alexa during the hug, but she gasped and appeared for a moment to be shocked.
Everyone found seats in the cozy living room, except for Pam, who being the hostess, began to pass out cans of beer. As she handed a can to Travis, Pam looked toward Stan and Alexa and said, "I think my son is old enough to sip a little beer. Now don't you think Alexa is old enough too, or are you going to make her the odd-ball without a fucking drink?"
Put on the spot, Alexa turned toward Stan, who nodded his head up and down. "Well, okay just one beer," Alexa said to Pam. Then, with motherly concern, Alexa faced Erica and counseled her. "Now Honey, you may not like the taste at first. That's okay. Just take it slow, and you don't have to finish the whole can if you don't want to."
As Pam and the others looked on, Erica popped the top on her beer can and took a big swig, smiling slyly at Travis as she swallowed. For the next half hour, everyone sat chatting and laughing as they sipped their beers. When Pam and Alexa went into the kitchen to stir the tomato sauce, Travis very discreetly slid in behind them and grabbed another beer for Erica.
After Pam dished out the spaghetti, everyone crowded around the kitchen table, and they all agreed that Grandma's sauce was delicious. Wiley, Stan and Travis watched a ball game on TV while Pam, Alexa and Erica cleaned the kitchen. The three ladies vowed that they were not going to sit around and watch TV all night. Pam stepped into the living room, turned the television off and turned the dusty old boombox on, playing some hip hop music that was foreign to Alexa and Stan. More beers were passed around to everybody. No one was keeping track of young Erica's intake, and her underage drinking was clearly no longer an issue.
Pam decided to put on some slower, more romantic music. She started with some old Smokey Robinson and Lionel Ritchie CDs and she pulled Wiley to his feet for a slow dance. Stan took Alexa in his arms and plodded around the tiny makeshift dancefloor. Stan got a sour look on his face after Travis wrapped his arms around Erica. Alexa whispered to him, "isn't that sweet?"
When the second song came on, Wiley and Pam sidled up to Alexa and Stan. Wiley smiled and said, "Mind if I cut in?" as he took Alexa's hands in his. Before he could even react, Stan found that Pam was in his arms and Alexa was waltzing away with Wiley. As he led Pam around the living room, Stan kept one eye on Alexa and Erica. The sight of his lily-white wife and daughter in close contact with one man who was dark black and another dark brown, made his stomach churn. It was not so much that Stan was opposed to race-mixing, it was just such a new concept for him where his little family was concerned.
Stan said nothing, but he was annoyed to see Wiley whispering to Alexa. At first, it was brief and not frequent, but the frequency increased as the dancing continued. With Wiley's lips pressed to her ear, Alexa would always smile, or nod her head, in response to the secretive messages.
As the drinking and dancing progressed, Wiley dominated Alexa's time and made her his steady dance partner, even after Stan cut in on him several times to reclaim his wife. It was also plain to see that the two were openly flirting with one another. Pam tried her best to hold Stan's attention, almost as if she were keeping him busy and distracting him. One time, out of the corner of his eye, Stan saw Travis giving Erica a kiss.
A short time later, Stan became worried when he realized that Erica and Travis had disappeared. Somehow, they had slipped away. Stan stepped down the hallway, as if to use the bathroom, then he bypassed the john and checked the bedrooms. Erica and Travis were not there. Stan made finding Erica his mission.
It occurred to Stan that Erica might have taken Travis to their place, since it was currently unoccupied. As Stan rushed out the door, he announced to everyone that he was getting a headache and needed to run home for some Tylenol.
Alexa called out, "If you don't feel good, Stan, go ahead and lie down. I'll be there in a little bit."
Stan trotted home, and lo and behold, he heard noise as soon as he opened the front door. He stood and listened. Giggling and lip-smacking sounds were coming from behind Erica's closed bedroom door. Stan knew that Erica's window blinds were broken, so he dashed out to the side yard and peered through Erica's window. Sure enough, several slats were hanging down from the blinds, allowing Stan to see Erica and Travis wrapped up in each other on the bed. Neither one was wearing any clothing.
Stan was flabbergasted. He watched for a couple minutes, then decided that he could not just stand there and witness his daughter being defiled. Stan also decided that Alexa needed to suffer this indignity as well. He was not about to confront Erica without Alexa, so he scooted back to Wiley and Pam's place to enlist Alexa's support.
Since he had just left a few minutes earlier, Stan felt no need to knock and announce himself back at Wiley and Pam's house. As he opened the front door and stepped into the living room, Stan saw Pam, lighting a cigarette, still occupying the chair that she had sat in all evening.
In what was basically a surprise announcement, or a warning, Pam loudly blurted, "Stan! You're back!"
Stan shifted his gaze toward the couch where he and Alexa had been sitting until his recent departure. Alexa was still on the couch, but now so was Wiley, and Alexa was sitting sideways on his lap. Wiley's shirt was off and Alexa's hands were outstretched on her black neighbor's bare chest.
Alexa was so startled by her husband's reappearance that instead of even trying to inconspicuously separate, she jerked her hands back and practically rocketed off of Wiley, landing on the empty cushion next to him. Alexa and Wiley, and Stan and Pam, just looked at each other. None of them moved as their eyes darted around the room, gauging each person's reaction, or lack thereof. Dead silence filled the room. After more than a minute, Alexa spoke.
"I'm sorry Stan. I'm really sorry, and I love you, but I have to find out. I have to know what it's like."
Stan responded with a face devoid of expression. "Curiosity killed the cat," he deadpanned.
Alexa shook her head, a couple of times, at what she thought was an incredibly odd response from her spouse. Still looking Stan square in the face from six feet away, Alexa slowly slid sideways while lifting her ass, returning to her perch on Wiley's lap. She wrapped an arm around Wiley's back and let it rest on his bare shoulder. The contrast in their skin color had never been more striking.
Wiley wrapped an arm around Alexa, letting it come to rest atop one of her oversized breasts, half-covered by her dress and bra.
Stan's jaw dropped at the sight of Wiley's brazen move, and his wife's silent acquiescence. Alexa cracked a small smile.
"I don't know about the cat," Alexa began, seeming to regain some self-confidence, "but curiosity has been killing me for a long time - ever since you moved us here, Stan. I need to settle this thing tonight. With Wiley."
Just as Alexa was cuddling closer to Wiley, Stan cleared his throat and announced, "Alexa, I kinda forgot what I came back here to tell you. It just might interest you to know that I found Erica, at our place, and she's naked right now. Yes, our daughter is at home, in her bed, with Travis. He's naked too and they're probably doing it right this minute!"
"She's getting fucked?! Good for her!" Pam declared while spontaneously clapping her hands. "Erica's a lucky girl and she's going to love it! Travis is hung pretty good, and he knows how to fuck!"
It occurred to both Stan and Alexa that Pam spoke about her son's sexual prowess with far too much familiarity. Oddly enough, for Alexa, the thought of her daughter taking Travis' cock in her juicy young pussy spiked her own arousal even higher.
Lifting her head from Wiley's chest to look toward Stan, Alexa casually stated, "Well, I hope Erica likes it. I hope that Travis fucks her good! At least she won't spend half her life wondering if she's missing out on something." Slowly shifting her gaze to Wiley's eyes, inches from hers, Pam softly said, "You can do the same for me tonight, Wiley. Show this white woman what a black man can do."
Stan slowly moved across the living room and sat opposite Alexa and Wiley. It seemed that he wanted a front row seat. Alexa tried to talk him out of it.
"Stan. Honey. We all know that Wiley is going to fuck me, but you don't have to see him do it. Don't force yourself to watch. We can talk in the morning and I'll tell you everything."
Stan nodded a "no".
Pam tried next. "Stan, Wiley is gonna take good care of Alexa. You know he will. And I could take good care of you. Why don't we leave them alone and go over to your place and check on Erica and Travis. Then you and I could have a little fun while Alexa and Wiley have their fun."
Stan nodded a "no".
Still cradling Alexa on his lap, Wiley was cool and calm when he said his piece. "Let me tell you, Stanley, I don't much care whether you're in the room or not. If you want to watch, you're gonna to have to stay out of it. You don't speak unless you're spoken to. You sure as hell don't interfere. From right now, and for the rest of the night, Alexa's not your wife anymore. She's my woman. You got that, little buddy?"
Stan nodded a "yes". Alexa beamed a bright smile.
After one instantaneous glance at her husband, Alexa moved her face to touch Wiley's and she pressed her lips to his. The kiss was simple and basic, lasting about five seconds. When it ended, Alexa looked to Stan and then Pam for their reactions. Stan sort of stared, clearly dumbfounded. Pam appeared to be relaxed, leaning back, nodding in the affirmative, expressing acceptance.
Alexa closed her eyes and leaned in for another kiss, wetting her lips and tilting her head this time.
"I'm going to like being your woman tonight," Alexa told Wiley, loud enough for Stan to hear.
Wiley led the way with the next kiss, opening his mouth and pressing his broad soft lips firmly against Alexa's. His tongue, large and wet, entered and danced inside his soon-to-be lover's mouth. Alexa met Wiley's tongue with hers and they dueled. Fast growing passion was felt by each of them. Soft sounds of lip smacking and lustful hums filled the room.
Alexa's exhibitionist tendencies surfaced again when she looked around and reveled in the fact that her every move was being watched by Stan, Pam, and of course, Willey.
Alexa and Wiley continued their passionate kissing as they began to explore each other's bodies. Alexa ran her hands across Wiley's rippled bare chest, then she wrapped her fingers half-way around his upper arms and squeezed his bulging biceps. Stan could tell that Alexa was judging Wiley's strength, undoubtedly impressed by how much stronger he was, compared to the weakling to whom she was married.
Wiley leaned away from Alexa and motioned for her to remove her dress. She stood and pulled the garment over her head. She did a slow spin, wearing only her bra and panties, and looked her husband in the face as she rotated past him. As soon as she returned to Wiley's lap, he wrapped his arms around her, to hug her for a moment and to unhook and remove her bra.
"Damn girl!" Wiley exclaimed, "your tits are outstanding! I've been wanting to squeeze and suck on these since the first time I saw you."
"Mmmm, what took you so long?" Alexa murmured seductively as Wiley began to knead both snow-white boobs, one in each of his large dark hands. "Mmmmmmmm, oh yeah, you know what I like," Alexa purred as Wiley sucked a nipple into his mouth. For the next 10 minutes, Wiley fondled both tits and sucked on both nipples. Stan noticed that Alexa
was much more responsive and vocal than usual. While Wiley was still groping and sucking her tits, Alexa bent her knees and pulled her panties off, leaving herself totally exposed and making her whole body available to her new partner. Stan thought to himself that his formerly-faithful little wife obviously could not wait to get herself fucked by another man.
Wiley lifted his head away from Alexa's chest and said, "I need to be undressed too if you want my big black cock tonight."
Alexa laughed out loud, then grabbed his belt and zipper in a fury, loosening Wiley's pants and yanking them down and off. When she did, to no one's surprise, Wiley's big black cock flopped out into view.
Alexa gasped, then looked Wiley in the face. "You know, I saw your big, long, fat, beautiful, black cock that time that we were skinny-dipping in your pool, and I think it was 'love at first sight', but it looks so much bigger, and better, up close."
"Up close and personal," Wiley said with a chuckle. "Go ahead, baby, play with it. Take it in your hands and your mouth."
Stan had been stoic, almost statue-like, to that point, watching his wife being kissed, cuddled, and fondled by their black neighbor. But the introduction of Wiley's cock radically changed the dynamic. Stan had been feeling jealous of Wiley. Now he realized that he would be jealous of Alexa too because she was going to enjoy that cock while he could only watch.
Alexa held Wiley's ebony cock in her dainty pale hand, slowly jacking it up and down, watching and feeling it grow. Stan just stared and could feel his dick growing too, getting harder and harder, straining against the inner layers of his underwear and jeans.
"Wiley, your cock is so fucking amazing," Alexa cooed. Just when Stan thought that his wife's debauchery, and her lover's dark and meaty appendage, could not arouse him any further, Alexa parted her luscious red lips and slowly drew four inches of the slithery, shining, black cock into her mouth -- the same mouth that Stan had been kissing for 20 years.
"Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh!" Stan grunted loudly as he lost the battle to contain his lust and desire. The zipper of his jeans pulsed revealingly as his rigid dick ejaculated, untouched, stimulated only by sights and sounds, as well as fantasies and recollections of his own encounters in jail.
"Oh my god, Stan!" Alexa shouted. "Did you just cum in your pants?! You did, didn't you?!"
Stan and Alexa looked each other in the face. Stan's expression revealed shame mixed with lust. Alexa's displayed a blend of shock and wonder, then she chuckled a little, as if to laugh it off -- the only reaction that seemed appropriate -- and she slid Wiley's cock back into her mouth.
After having wet his pants with his cum, Stan's crotch felt uncomfortable and he thought about leaving to go change his clothes, but he worried that leaving Alexa with Wiley at that juncture would somehow be akin to abandoning her.
Stan was surprised at how much his wife seemed to absolutely love sucking Wiley's cock. She went at it non-stop, licking from top to bottom, tip to base, kissing his hairy balls and sucking on them too. She let herself drool on the cock to help lubricate her hand job with her slobbery spit. Wiley's cock was just too big for Alexa to deep-throat it, but she gagged several times trying.
"Oh god, Wiley, I just love sucking your big black cock. I love it, I really do! I can't get enough of it!"
"You can have all the cock you want, baby" Wiley assured Alexa while gently stroking her hair. "But, if you keep up your cocksucking, I'm going to cum in your mouth, and tonight I really want to cum in your pussy!"
That was music to Alexa's ears! She was so eager that she started squirming and begging him to fuck her.
"Wiley I want you in my pussy too! I want you to fuck me so bad.! Don't make me wait anymore. Come on! Fuck my cunt with your big black cock!
Wiley began shifting around on the mattress, getting into position. Lying on his back with his cock pointing straight up, he guided Alexa toward him and gave her a long and wet kiss as her big tits brushed his chest.
"Let yourself down on my cock a little at a time. It's gonna be tight, but you'll stretch and you'll be able to take it."
"Ow! Ow! Shit! That really is tight!" Alexa groaned with some trepidation, but she continued to impale herself an inch at a time. It got better. "Oooh, shit, Oooh yeah! That feels good. Feels real good! Oh fuck yes! Yes!"
Alexa picked up speed, assisted by Wiley, and began bouncing up and down with Wiley's cock deep inside her.
"Look baby," Wiley panted, "You're all in! Your pussy is full of my cock!"
"I'll say it is! Tell me about it! Oh fuck, I feel so full! I've never felt like this before! Oh fuck me!"
After about 10 minutes of being ridden cowgirl style, Wiley nudged Alexa off so that they could change positions. Looking toward her husband during that momentary lull in the action, Alexa caught her breath and spoke to Stan directly.
"The day that we moved into this crappy neighborhood, you told me that God, or fate, or karma put us here for a reason. You were right, Stan, and getting fucked like this is the best reason ever!"
Wiley laughed and gave Alexa a kiss, then motioned for her to get up on her hands and knees. When he moved in behind her, and plunged his cock into her wet and pliable pussy, she screamed with pleasure. Alexa had never cared much for "doggy style" with Stan, but she was loving it with Wiley.
"Oh god, I'm cumming!" Alexa shrieked. "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!"
Stan was taken aback seeing and hearing his wife have a bigger orgasm than he had ever seen in all their years together. Even more surprising was the way that she trembled during her climax, her arms and legs practically vibrating involuntarily. That strong reaction was a first for her.
As Alexa slowly stopped cumming, Wiley eased her onto her back. She bent her knees and spread her legs wide open. Wiley moved into the missionary position over her and paused to kiss her passionately. He was perhaps too slow in pushing his cock back into her pussy because Alexa grabbed it with her hand and slid it into her slit, uttering a long "Ooooohhhh" when she felt it back inside her.
Alexa lifted her head and strained her neck to "see for herself" as Wiley's big black cock slid in and out of her pussy. She called out to her husband.
"Stan, are you watching this? Do you see what Wiley's doing to your wife? Doesn't it look amazing?! He's in me so fucking deep! Oooh, he's fucking me so good!"
Wiley pumped his cock into Alexa at a steady clip, both of them grunting and moaning in ecstasy. Before much longer, the time to cum came for Wiley.
"Baby I'm gonna cum in your pussy. I'm ready to cum."
"Oh yeah, Wiley! Do it! Do it! Cum in my pussy! Fill my pussy with your sperm!"
"Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh!" Wiley grunted as he shot his cum load deep into Alexa's belly.
The two lovers kept their connection, sharing smiles and kisses. "That was the best I ever had!" Alexa gratefully gushed. "I mean it. The best ever!"
Suddenly, inexplicably, Alexa's thoughts went to her husband, and she looked over to see whether Stan was still in the room. He was. He was sitting there, his pants pulled down to his knees, and his right hand wrapped around his dick, all slimy with cum.
Alexa could not help but smile. "Well, look at you, Stan! You came two times! Wiley and I only came once, but you came two times! You must have really liked seeing me get fucked by Wiley and his big black cock!"
Wiley gave Alexa another kiss and said, "I'm glad that your husband liked it so much, because I'm gonna be fucking this fine white pussy a lot from here on out!"
Stan pulled his pants half-way up and shuffled away, heading for the bathroom. Alexa and Wiley stayed on the bed, trading little kisses and smiles.
While Alexa and Wiley were basking in the afterglow, Pam gazed affectionately at the happy couple, feeling justifiably proud of herself for her role in the mating that she just witnessed. After all, Pam was the one who told Alexa how good it felt to fuck a big black cock, and she also told Alexa that Wiley was willing and able to fuck her. In fact, Alexa and Wiley, and Erica and Travis, might have never met if Pam had not befriended her new neighbors.
Leaning back in her seat, Pam lit a cigarette to celebrate her achievement. Alexa slid off the bed and stepped toward Pam. With Wiley's cum still dribbling out of her pussy and running down her leg, Alexa took the cigarette from Pam's hand and brought it to her own lips for a long inhale and a slow exhale. "I forgot how nice an after-sex cigarette can be, especially when the sex is so fucking good!" Pam laughed and said, "I'll light another one for me."
The new norm
Alexa would have been happy to spend the rest of the night with Wiley, but Pam would not abide with that. Pam was just fine with an occasional hook-up between her husband and her friend, but she would make sure that no one got more black cock than her. That evening, Stan and Alexa returned to their house and collapsed on their bed, both too mentally and physically exhausted to engage in any further sex. Tired as they were, though, sleep did not come easy because they had to listen, through the thin walls, to their daughter's screams of "fuck me Travis!" for most of the night.
When the weekend ended, everything and everyone sort of returned to "normal". Normal came to include Erica and Travis fucking each other like rabbits, and Erica fucking Wiley as often as possible.
A few weeks later, when she did not have to work at McDonald's, Alexa made two cups of instant cocoa and invited Erica to sit and talk. The two actually had been talking a lot more recently. After drifting apart during Erica's early teen years, they now had something in common.
Sex was the topic of interest that the mother and daughter had in common and enjoyed sharing so often. Aside from comparing notes on the intercourse itself, they shared an almost incestuous bond, since Erica was fucking the son of the man that her mother was fucking.
During their chat, Alexa mentioned that she needed to pick up some birth control pills. "I hate going to that free women's clinic but we don't have money or health insurance anymore, so I don't have much choice." Then she chuckled and added, "After I get the pills, I just have to remember to take one every day. I'm not too good at that!"
Suddenly, a thought occurred to Alexa. "Erica, what are you and Travis doing about birth control?"
Erica felt a twinge of shame. "Umm, Mom, we're not really doing anything yet. We haven't decided, you know, what's best. Travis and I both hate condoms."
Alexa was shocked. "Erica, what the hell are you thinking?! Do you want to get pregnant?!
Erica turned her face away, too embarrassed to face her mother. She hesitated, then haltingly replied.
"I don't know, Mom. Maybe. Maybe I do. Right now, right here, I can tell you that I don't want Travis to get me pregnant, and not just because our baby would be black, or part black, or whatever. But, when I'm with him -- in bed with him with his cock inside me - I stop thinking and it's like I'm under some spell of his. At that point, I want it. I just totally fucking want it!
Alexa reached her hand out to touch her daughter, causing the young woman to turn and face her mother.
"Erica, you say you want it. You're talking about his big cock and his cum, right? You want him to cum deep inside you. Is that what it is, Honey?"
"Yeah, Mom, that's it exactly. I can never say no. I don't want to say no." After a pause, Erica continued. "Okay Mom, so you and Wiley are fucking each other, just like me and Travis. We're both like sluts for their big cocks. And when you're fucking, I'm sure that Wiley wants to cum deep in your pussy. So, how do you, you know, handle him? How do you stop him?
"I don't," the older woman answered in a heartbeat. "I know I need to stop him, but I don't. I don't have any more control than you do, Baby Girl. We're both playing with fire and the only question is, who gets burned first?"
The mother and daughter sat silently for a minute, then Erica made a request.
"Mom, could you maybe pick up an early pregnancy test at the clinic?"
"Why?!" Alexa shrieked, "What's going on?! Don't tell me..."
"My period didn't come and I threw up this morning."
"Oh Erica! Oh my god. You don't need a test kit. You need an appointment with a doctor!"
Alexa and Erica threw their arms around each other and began sobbing, not so much from sadness, but more from the sheer weight of emotion. After a couple of minutes, Alexa forced a smile on her face and wiped the tears from Erica's cheeks.
"It'll be alright, Erica. Everything will be okay."
Then, still smiling, Alexa got nostalgic. "I always thought that I would give you a million-dollar wedding and a mansion next door to mine. Then you would give me a little blonde haired, blue eyed grandchild. But, that's not who we are anymore. Not at all.
When we first moved here I told your dad that Wiley, Pam and Travis were not our kind of people, but I was wrong. We're the same. We're what people used to call 'white trash', barefoot and pregnant!"
The mother and daughter had never felt closer. They both giggled and shook their heads in disbelief of how they had evolved. Then Alexa summed up the situation.
"You know what? At the end of the day -- when all is said and done -- this is really not such a bad place to raise a baby."
Erica gave her mother a knowing little grin and said, "or two!"
The End
To be continued? Readers, you tell me... Should I write another chapter? Pondering the possibilities ... Pam & Alexa, Stan & Wiley, Pam & Stan, Alexa, Erica & Wiley, Alexa & Travis and Erica & Wiley, Stan's cousin & his wife, other neighbors? Another pregnancy? How about more tattoos, smoking, drugs? Post a comment or Feedback if you would like to read more, or not.