Hi! My name is Ethan, but then you knew that already because I'm, like, famous now. Famous for surviving 7 years on a desert island, all alone. Well, nearly all alone, we can't forget Niamh can we? I'm getting ahead of myself. So, umm, yeah, I should probably start somewhere at the beginning.
I should probably give you some info on me. When all the fun began I was just shy of 30. I was working as a software developer for a small company. In my spare time I enjoyed life outdoors, walking and mountain biking and that sort of thing. The closest I ever got to survival skills was watching Bear Grylls on TV. I was a little overweight, but my 6'5" frame hid a lot of sins.
Anyway one summer my employer sent me to South Africa to a conference. As usual, I enjoyed watching the crowds milling around the airport, wondering who I might end up sitting next to; hoping for someone cute. There was a decent contingent of fair maidens, but mostly they were with partners who kept a keen eye out for other men ogling their prize. At the gate my eyes fell on a tall, slim young thing. She was probably 6" tall or just short of that, with gorgeous auburn hair down to her shoulders. Unusually for her hair colour she had well tanned skin and no freckles. Her eyes were a blueish green.
She was wearing baggy jeans and a thick jumper that left no hint of the curves underneath at all, but her face was delightful. She caught me checking her out and blushed, looked away, and then eventually moved away. That blush was so cute.
We boarded the plane and I took my seat at the window by the emergency escape in the middle. I always sat there due to the extra leg room. I wasn't going to regret that decision! The plane was only about half full, and it was looking like it was going to be a lonely trip as my neighbouring seat was empty. Then just as I was settling in with my book someone sat down in the aisle seat. I looked out of the corner of my eye and was delighted to see it was the gorgeous redhead.
I let her get comfy and then tried to strike up conversation.
"Hey, I'm Ethan. What's your name?"
"Niamh" was the one word reply.
"What are you heading to Africa for?" I asked.
"Ohhh stuff," was her simple reply.
I could sense she wasn't one for talking, so I settled down with my book to wait until the in-flight entertainment kicked in. As usual the time just after take off is busy as the attendants pass out drinks and food. I decided on a beer to go with my food. Niamh had water. I got stuck in to the fiddly business of airline food. Suddenly Niamh piped up:
"I'm sorry Ethan. I don't talk much, and I'm terrified of flying. I'm Niamh, I'm 19, and I'm from Wicklow in Ireland"
We chatted a little but I could sense she didn't really want to so I put my headphones on and half tuned in to the action movie showing.
We had been flying for a few hours when the plane suddenly buffeted quite considerably. A couple of the attendants lost their footing and there were gasps all round. Almost immediately the seatbelt sign came on and the captain ordered the crew to their seats as quickly as they could. They started stashing their trolleys as more turbulence hit the aircraft. An attendant came over the tannoy asking for calm. It was just a bit of heavy turbulence.
I looked around and there were a lot of worried faces. Niamh's knuckles were white as she gripped the armrest hard. The turbulence got worse. One particular bit left us feeling as though we were dropping out of the sky. We probably were. The plane suddenly jolted heavily as it levelled off again. Someone who hadn't bothered to belt themselves in found their head smacking in to the overhead lockers. There was quite a lot of blood, but nobody could do anything for fear of getting hurt themselves.
There was another heavy jolt followed by a very funny noise. I looked out of my window and was shocked to see one of the engines hanging at a very funny angle. It slowly disconnected itself from the wing of the plane and dropped off. Large chunks of debris flew into the other engine on our side causing it to smoke heavily and grind horribly. Then it burst into flames. We were going down, and fast!
An announcement came for us to brace. We did. As if our lives depended on it. It seemed like forever, but eventually we were close to the ocean. The pilot did his very best, but the crash was still very heavy and the plane started breaking up on impact. As soon as we hit the water I had the emergency door open. I got my life vest on and got the hell out. I could see flames at the front of the craft already, and the back was filling with water very quickly.
I leapt out - there wasn't time for the slide. We were in the tropics I guessed, but even so the ocean felt cold. I needed to get out of the water as quickly as I could. I spotted a large section of wing floating nearby and swam for it. I hauled myself up onto it and lay back to regain my breath. I was aware of a whimpering voice close by calling for help. I looked out and saw a woman in the sea. I paddled my makeshift raft towards her as quickly as I could and hauled her aboard. It was Niamh. She had a bit of a cut on her forehead and blood was flowing quite freely. I took off my t-shirt and tore a strip off it and tied it around her head as tight as I could whilst she lay on the raft weeping.
This wasn't a time for self-pity, so I shouted at her to pull herself together or I'd be pushing her off again. That did the trick. We looked around and I was amazed to see the plane had vanished under water already. All that was left was flotsam. I told Niamh to fish out as many floating bags and cases as she could, and did the same. She looked at me funnily.
"Who knows where we are," I explained. "Chances are nobody knows where we are either and hopefully we'll find some stuff in the bags to keep us going, wherever we are. I don't plan on dying out here if I can help it."
We did our fishing until there was nothing left to fish for and then I surveyed the surroundings. We were literally in the middle of the ocean. There was nothing to see all around. I needed to take stock of the situation. I was wearing jeans that were soaked. I needed to find something dry. Niamh was also wearing thick, wet clothes. We were also probably going to go into shock once the adrenaline wore off.
I picked through the cases I could get open easily. Most were wet, but one or two weren't. I found a pair of shorts that would do, so slipped out of my wet jeans. My boxers came off too - I couldn't help it. Now I was naked.
"What the hell are you doing Ethan," shouted Niamh. She was staring fixedly at my cock!
"I'm sorry Niamh, but I need something dry to wear. I'll catch cold as these jeans dry."
"Ok, but did you have to get naked in front of me like that? At least turn around!"
"Prefer to see my arse crack would you," I quipped, turning around, slipping on the shorts. Niamh's fell silent. I slipped on a t-shirt as well - I didn't want to get burnt.
"Now it's your turn. You need to get changed too. I'll look away if you like," I said.
"No chance, you pervert," she retorted. "You just want to see my boobs. Not a chance of that."
We argued for a while but in the end I decided there was no use and left her to realise the consequences. Niamh lay down as far away from me as she could without rolling off.
After a while, she started shivering uncontrollably. I told her again she needed to change, but she flatly refused. Eventually she started getting weaker and eventually she wasn't responding at all. I needed to act.
I worked the jumper over her head and struggled to get her arms out of it. Underneath she had a white vest top. I took that off too, as well as the plain black bra she was wearing. I probably shouldn't have looked, but I couldn't help it. She had small breasts with small pink nipples that were bullets from the cold. She was lying down so there wasn't much detail, but my cock stirred in my shorts as I gazed at her. She had very defined tan lines from what I guessed was a good old-fashioned swimsuit. I found a dry t-shirt that I managed to get onto her, along with a cardigan. I was too big for her, but dry and warm enough.
Then I got to work on her trousers. They were hard to deal with as they were still soaking wet. I couldn't decide whether to take her panties off as well. In the end physics took control as they came off with her jeans, leaving her naked from the waist down. What surprised me was the fact that her auburn curls down below were neatly trimmed. I decided though that discretion was probably a good idea and didn't spend too long looking at this cute girl's pussy. Instead I grabbed a pair of shorts and put them on her.
After a little while she stopped shivering and came round enough for me to feed her a Mars bar and some water. When she realised what she was wearing she really perked up. She went absolutely mental at me for taking advantage of her. Apparently no man had seen her naked since she was 12 and I had no right. She went on and on but I tuned out.
Eventually she ran out of steam and I explained to her calmly the predicament she was in and why I'd done what I'd done. She curled into a ball and wept.
We spent the next 2 night and a couple more days floating on our raft. Niamh sulked mostly and I rashioned the little food and water we had. She hardly said a word to me. It started to get very hot and I was thankful to find some sun block in a suitcase.
On the third day I spied land. It was a long way off, but it was our only hope. We slowly paddled our way towards it. It seemed like it would never come, but eventually it did. We were lucky enough to paddle directly into a little cove with a sandy beach and a stream. We later found that much of the coast was rock-strewn and unwelcoming.
We landed our raft and Niamh immediately ran towards the stream to drink.
"STOP!!" I yelled.
Niamh froze and looked at me with thunder in her eyes.
"What the hell?" she shouted. "I'm parched. You must be too! It's water!!"
"Yes I know, but you have to be careful. How do you know there isn't a dead animal up stream?"
Niamh nearly puked. I made sure our things weren't going to float away and said to Niamh I was going exploring up the stream and was she coming. She agreed grudgingly.
We walked for a couple of hours in the sweltering heat. Not far from the beach the land turned into a forest of vines and exotic plants all trying to grasp your clothes and hair. We stumbled on, uphill, our clothes getting pretty shredded. In the end I took off what remained of my shirt and discarded it. Niamh's t-shirt had some large rips in it too but she persevered with it.
Eventually we got near to the top of the hill in the centre of the island, and the source of the stream. We both drank thirstily. Then we sat back on a rock pretty exhausted.
Once I'd regained some energy I took the last few steps to the top of the hill and looked around. We were on an island, as I've already let on. There was no other land in sight. The island consisted of the hill we were on, plenty of the forest stuff we'd walked through, and a couple of beaches. The rest was rocks. I noticed that the sun was already dipping towards the horizon and told Niamh we needed to make shelter for the night.
We started our descent. We'd not got far when I heard a shout behind me:
"Ethan, help me please!"
I looked around and Niamh had managed to get a briar of some description firmly attached to her t-shirt from her left shoulder to her waist, much like the strap of a bag or something. It has evil looking thorns on it. I told her she'd just have to discard the shirt and she got really angry at me, so I used some thick leaves I found to grasp the branch and try to pull it off. It came off eventually but at the expense of a large tear, right across her left breast. Her torso was pretty badly scratched, as was mine.
Niamh was mortified at the exposure of her breast and tried to cover it up, but it's not easy to cover something when you need both hands to walk safely. So I got plenty of glimpses of her left tit. Now that she was standing i could see it much better as well. It was nicely rounded, but small. Probably a large A or a small B cup. It had the slightest hint of a sag.
She caught me looking. I wanted her to. I wanted her to see the bulge in my pants too. I don't think she saw that, but she went mental at me for looking. It didn't stop me, in fact it made me want to look all the more.
We got back to the beach and our meagre things. I propped up our bit of wing by some trees and pulled as many soft leaves as I could find to line the floor for comfort. It wasn't a great shelter, but it would do. We'd have to work out food and a more accessible water supply in the morning, but I was shattered. I ate a few of our remaining bits of chocolate and lay down. Niamh refused to come in to the shelter though. I told her it could be dangerous but she was a stubborn thing. She'd wrapped herself in as many layers as she could as it was already getting chilly.
I lay down to try and sleep. All I could hear for a while was some quiet sobbing. She eventually calmed down but I couldn't sleep. All I could think of was food (I was hungry) and the delightful breast I'd seen earlier. I started rubbing my cock gently though my shorts. It was hard in seconds. In the end I decided it was dark and Niamh wasn't around to see so I unzipped and unbuttoned and started rubbing myself.
I wasn't far from climaxing when I heard some quiet groans and sighs coming from Niamh's direction. I listened carefully and decided the little minx was masturbating also. This was all I needed to spray my load all over my tummy. I heard a particularly long, hushed sigh and decided Niamh had just orgasmed as well. I wiped the semen off my body as best I could and settled down to sleep.
I'd nearly drifted off when I heard movement outside. I was awake immediately. I had no idea what animals were on the island and the sounds worried me. They sounded like they were something quite big. I was ready to pounce, when I heard a whisper:
"Ethan, are you awake? It's me! I'm cold and scared out there. Do you mind awfully if I come into the shelter after all?"
"No of course not Niamh. Come on in."
She crept in in the dark and sat down at the other end of the shelter.
"Ethan, I'm sorry," she said quietly. "I've been a right cow haven't I? You're only trying to help. I'm scared and don't know what to do and I'm intimidated by your masculinity. I went to a girls' school, you see, and I'm an only child. Dad left when I was young. I find men intimidating and scary. Probably because my Dad beat my Mum. I shouldn't have had a go at you for looking at my body the way you did. You're a man and I'm a woman and we're meant to have certain attractions and fascinations I guess. Can I confess something, Ethan?"
I nodded.
"You probably heard me sobbing earlier. Well when I eventually calmed down I suddenly couldn't stop thinking about your penis. I saw it when you changed on the raft and shouted at you. Well, I've never actually seen a penis in the flesh before. I was suddenly fascinated by it. And, well, umm, umm,... Well you see, I touched myself down there thinking about it. Is that wrong?"
"No not at all, Niamh," I replied. "Of course it's not wrong. If we're in the mode of confessing, I masturbated too, thinking about your beautifully smooth breast."
"Really? My pancake? You found it attractive? There's nothing there really. Oh Ethan you are weird!"
"Niamh, you're the weird one," I said light-heartedly. "A breast is a breast, but yours are perfect. And maybe it was also the forbidden nature of it that excited me as well. The point is, you are stunningly beautiful."
"Hmmm, well I'm not sure about that, Ethan. But each to their own. Look, I'm not saying I want to see your penis any more, or to have sex or anything like that. What I'm saying is I enjoyed thinking about it and I wanted to say I'm sorry for being a cow. I promise I will be more understanding from now on. I ask one thing, that you don't take advantage on me."
"I promise with all my heart, Niamh."
With that I heard rustling as Niamh settled down. We slept fitfully until the sun warmed the air up.
Niamh wanted to go for a swim to clean up a bit so I went off to try and sort out the food situation. I'd spotted some coconuts at the other end of the bay so went to see if any were there for eating. I found that there were loads, and some of the trees were quite stooped making it easier to get them. I collected as many as I could carry into a pile and looked back to a our rudimentary camp. I was just in time to see a flash of sun off Niamh's auburn hair as she rose up out of the water. She was too far away to see anything but it was pleasing to see that she was probably naked. My crotch stirred as I hoped to one day win her over and fuck the living daylights out of her.
I had a bit more of a look around and found a section off the cove that seemed completely given over to large crabs. I made a mental note where so I could return with a bag or something to carry some in. I didn't want to get nipped! There was no point collecting any now as we had no proven way of making fire to cook them yet anyway.
I also found a big pool behind some rocks. It was connected to the ocean, but the rocks provided effective cover from the swell meaning it was calm and warm. In the pool were quite a few large looking fish. We'd have a go at fishing soon.
I gathered up the coconuts and made my way back to our camp. By the time I got back Niamh was practically dry and had clothed herself in a t-shirt from one of the cases and some shorts. I smiled at her and told her she looked nice. She smiled back.
I set about opening the coconuts with some rocks. Not the easiest of tasks, but we managed it without spilling too much of the water either. We sat back against a rock and ate the flesh hungrily.
"It's funny," said Niamh, "when I set off for Africa I had no idea I'd be sipping piña colladas in the sun on the beach!"
We both giggled. It was good to relieve tension.
That done I asked Niamh if she would rub some of the suncream into my back. I could feel myself burning a little. She looked horrified and refused initially. But after a little while she changed her mind and agreed. I passed her the tub and she got to work. Man it felt good having her slender hands rubbing my skin. I got hard very quickly and my shorts bulged. I wondered if Niamh saw. I wanted her to see what she was doing to me so I didn't try to hide it. It would have been futile to try anyway as I'm around 9 inches when fully erect.
It was all over too soon. Niamh handed the tub back to me.
"Would you like me to rub some in for you?" I asked her.
"No thanks. I prefer to cover up," she replied.
"That's fair enough Niamh. Well in that case I think we should create an SOS sign here on the beach and another on the hill. We need to make them as big as we can. Hopefully they'll be seen from the air. We should save time and do one each. Which do you prefer?"
"I'll stay down here, Ethan. I don't much like the forest. It's creepy."
I set off on the short hike up the hill. It was stiflingly hot and I was sweating into my already sweaty shorts. It wasn't pleasant really. When I got to the top of the hill I took them off and washed them and hung them on a tree to dry. I then got to work breaking off large leaves and rotten branches to spell out SOS on the hillside. It was exhilarating working naked and feeling the air on my privates. I wished Niamh was close enough to watch.
I could see Niamh down on the beach working hard as well. She'd already laid out discernible letters and was now tying strips of bright coloured cloth to them. Genius idea. I finished working and reluctantly put my shorts on again. I didn't fancy walking naked through the forest for fear of thorns and so on, plus I doubted Niamh would be too happy if I arrived back in the buff. Anyhow the shorts felt a lot more pleasant now they had been washed.
I headed back down and found Niamh. She'd just finished herself. I noticed that the brightly coloured material she used were mostly bras and panties from the suitcases we'd salvaged! I congratulated her on her fine idea.
"Thanks Ethan. They're all the wrong size for me anyway, plus it's too hot for underwear."
We were both hot and sweaty, so I suggested a swim to cool off. Niamh declined but I was going anyway so I slipped off my shorts and ran into the cool water. It was lovely.
After a while I heard Niamh shouting: "Ok Ethan I'm coming in, but you need to turn around. I don't want you seeing me naked."
I turned round as requested and after a couple of minutes and plenty of splashing later Niamh was beside me in the water, neck deep. We swam, although it wasn't the easiest with a 9 inch erection between my legs! It was nice to wash away the sweat. Before long though I felt we needed to think about how to make fire to cook something, and for warmth later. I waded out of the water.
"Niamh," I shouted over my shoulder, "do you mind if I air dry for a while?"
"That's fine Ethan," she responded, "but I won't be joining you!"
"Ok, I tell you what, I'm going to go and collect some dry stuff to start a fire, so you come out and get yourself sorted while I'm gone. I won't be long though."
I wondered off to the tree line and collected dry bark and small sticks and so on. I remembered seeing Ray Mears start a fire with a bottle of water and the sun once, so took a plastic bottle from one of the cases with me to fill it up.
When I got back Niamh was back in her t-shirt and shorts. The shirt was sticking to her salty, damp skin a little. I was quite happy naked. As soon as I came into view I noticed her eyes lock onto my dick and it got erect again. She stared and stared. I liked it. I got to work trying to start a fire, making sure I was facing Niamh so she got a good view.
I managed to get the tinder smoking a little and then Niamh excused herself to go to the toilet. I continued working on getting the fire started. When Niamh returned I was astounded to see she had changed her top. Don't get me wrong, it was still very conservative, but compared to anything else I'd seen her wear voluntarily it was positively racy. It was a vest top with a relatively low top to it. You could see a little cleavage. It was a little big for her. She came and knelt next to me and as she leant forward to observe what I was doing the top fell away revealing a little more cleavage for me to see.
"I can see from your penis's reaction you approve of my top?" she quipped.
I nodded, concentrating on getting the fire going. I was nearly there. Suddenly the ball of tinder in my hand burst into flames and I carefully put it down in the nest of small sticks I'd set up ready. As the flames started to dance Niamh placed a hand on my leg, quite close to my cock. I wouldn't have thought anything of it had I been clothed, but when I looked down I saw her small hand very close to me and it really excited me. She congratulated me on getting the fire going, her hand remaining on my leg the whole time. I noticed she was still frequently looking at my dick in the process.
It was a shame to break the moment but we needed bigger fuel for the fire so I hopped up and grabbed a load. I fed the fire enough to get it going really well, and to keep it burning for some time.
"Right then Niamh," I said, "we need to get some food. There's crabs over where I found the coconuts. Are you coming?"
"Are you staying naked?" she replied.
I nodded.
"Then yes I will come. I love looking at your penis. It's amazing how much it grows. I don't know how you can stand walking around naked though. It must be weird."
"You should try it Niamh. It's quite liberating, and there's nobody here except me."
She didn't reply, just took my hand. That was nice. We walked hand in hand along the beach to where the crabs were. I'd brought a small bag for them. They were still there, but we needed to get big ones to make it worthwhile roasting them. Inevitably we got nipped, but eventually we'd selected four decent sized crabs. We had a good chuckle as we went too. Niamh was certainly getting more relaxed.
She then suggested we should take some coconuts as well to go with the crabs, and some for breakfast too. I agreed. I already had a hand full with the crab bag so could only easily manage one coconut myself. Niamh tried to pick up 3 but kept dropping one. In the end she rolled up the bottom of her top to kind of act like a bag. She stuffed the three coconuts in. The result was it pulled down the neckline of her top quite considerably revealing more cleavage than I'd seen so far today. It also resulted in some of her tummy being on display. My dick twitched and Niamh giggled.
We walked back along the beach with our food without saying much. When we got back to the camp the fire was still burning strong. Niamh dropped the coconuts on the sand, to discover that her top was a little stretched from it all. And it was also filthy from the nuts. She excused herself to go and find something to change into. I got to work on cooking dinner.
It was pretty tricky actually. I had to spear the crabs through the head without getting nipped, and then roast them over the fire which was smouldering away. I had to do this without the sticks burning as well. I was reasonably successful though and before long our feast was ready. I couldn't see Niamh, so called her over for food.
She came out from behind the shelter a little sheepishly. Then I saw why. She'd put on a white boob tube type affair. In terms of the cleavage it presented it was less revealing than the top she had on before, but it was tight, and I could see the impression her nipples left on the material. It also left her shoulders uncovered as well as her tummy. She looked delightful.
"Wow, Niamh. You look amazing," I said as she sat down.
She blushed and said "Thanks. I thought I'd dress up a bit. You do realise this is the raciest outfit I've ever worn in public? And you have your penis to thank for me wearing it. I wanted to see what would happen and I'm glad to see it's rising to the challenge."
"Thank you," I said addressing my throbbing cock.
We ate sitting on stones opposite each other. With some of the barriers finally broken down we chatted about our lives back home. Niamh was at uni in Dublin, studying Literature. She was off to Johannesburg to spend a few months studying Zulu texts. Well, until this happened she was.
I told Niamh about my work, the conference, and my life back home. Yes, I was single. No, I'd not had a long term girlfriend for ages. All that sort of jazz.
The crab tasted pretty great and washed down with coconut it was the best meal we'd had in days. We suddenly noticed it was getting really dark so I suggested we turn in for the night.
We left the fire burning in case a passing ship saw it and headed into the shelter. No shenanigans tonight from Niamh. I settled down at one end, she the other. I stretched out my feet and they touched hers.
"Ethan," I heard her whisper, "are you staying naked all night?"
"I was planning on giving it a try, Niamh. If it gets cold I might have to wrap up in something though."
"That's good. I hoped you would. That way if I'm awake before you in the morning I can watch your penis. I like it. It makes me tingle downstairs. It makes me feel really, really naughty. I really want to touch it sometimes too, but I know I mustn't."
"Why not, Niamh? I wouldn't mind if you did."
"Ethan, would you mind if I slept next to you tonight? I want to feel you close, and I want to feel your warmth."
"Go ahead, Niamh," I replied. "You don't have to ask before you do these things. You can relax."
There was rustling in the bedding and then I felt Niamh lying beside me. I was facing out of the shelter and she was almost spooning me. I could definitely feel her body heat.
After a little while Niamh started fidgeting behind me.
"Ethan, don't look, please, but this top is really uncomfortable when I'm lying down. I'm just going to take it off. You mustn't look though. That would be embarrassing."
I agreed not to look and there was more fidgeting. Then she settled down. After a while I suddenly felt a hand on my hip. It made me jump a little.
"Oh I'm so sorry Ethan," Niamh said. "I didn't mean to scare you. I just wanted to feel close to you, to have a small amount of skin contact."
"It's ok Niamh," I replied. "You didn't scare me, I just wasn't expecting it. Carry on. It's nice to feel you close. I think I need it too. We're very remote out here on this island. We need to stick together."
With that the hand returned. It stroked the skin on my hip gently. Before long it had reached round and was stroking the skin on my tummy, its owner was shuffling closer to me also. The hand carried on travelling to the hair on my chest, gently stroking and fiddling with it. She carried on edging forward until her upper body was completely touching mine. I could feel the gentle swell of her naked breasts against my back. I could feel her stomach rising and falling as she breathed.
I took hold of her hand and planted a gentle kiss on it and then held it close as we nestled.
Then I must have slept because I awoke with a start in the bright sunlight. Niamh was right there, with her top back on, kneeling by my waist. True to her word she was watching my penis intently as I slept.
"Morning," I croaked.
"Oh, morning Ethan. You must have been tired. I've been watching your penis for half an hour at least. It's amazing! Is it always wet like that?"
I looked down. It was glistening with precum.
"No, Niamh, it's not. It gets wet like that when something excites me. The idea is that it lubricates things when I stick it in a vagina."
"Oooh right," Niamh said, blushing. "So it's like the stuff that trickles out of me then when I tingle?"
I nodded.
"That's really interesting. So does that mean something's excited you?"
"Yes Niamh, it does. Were you touching it or anything?"
"No not at all Ethan. I wouldn't do that. No way. I was just watching it. I did get quite close though at times."
She demonstrated, and she was close enough for me to feel her breath.
"I reckon that would have done it Niamh. It feels so good having your breath on me like that. And you look sexy so close to it as well."
Niamh blushed more. "Does that mean you want to put it in me then?"
"Well, Niamh, I'd be lying if I said no, but I promised I wouldn't take advantage of you."
"Hmmm yes and there's no way that's going to happen. But, you can masturbate can't you? If I go away. Would that help?"
"Yes masturbating would help me a great deal, but you don't have to go away if you don't want to. You can stay. You could watch if you wanted. Hey you could even play with yourself as well. You said you're getting tingly."
"No Ethan, I won't do that. But I might stay and watch you if you really don't mind."
By way of answer I grabbed hold of my cock and started massaging it. It quickly grew erect. It was really hot having this naive girl watching me. She stayed quite a way back at first but it wasn't long before she was quite close in watching every stroke.
"Ethan," she suddenly blurted out, "I need to touch myself as well, but you mustn't watch. I'm going to go behind you so I can still see you. It's making me very tingly indeed watching. Please don't look at me. Just carry on."
I slowed down my pace a bit as she moved. I didn't want to blow my load too soon. Before long Niamh's breathing grew more shallow as she started sighing. She must have been super close already, because she let out a long shuddery sigh with a little squeak at the end. I pumped my dick as hard as I could then, not wanting to hang around, and very quickly long strands of hit semen were spurting out of my cock onto my stomach.
"Wow!" was all I heard from behind me. "Is it always like that? So much of that stuff?"
"Well, no not always, but it's been a little while since the last, and it's not every day you get to masturbate with a hot young lady watching and playing with herself also."
"Oh come on Ethan, I'm not hot."
I wiped the cum off myself with a rag I found lying around and sat up.
"Niamh, you are one of the hottest women I know," I then replied. "I'll tell you something, whilst waiting to board I saw you and decided you were the hottest looking woman in the departure hall. When you sat next to me on the plane I was chuffed to bits. I'm so glad we've made it to this island together. I've seriously enjoyed having you so interested in my dick. When I accidentally saw your breasts the other day I loved it. They are perfect. I love seeing you in that top you're wearing now. You are gorgeous. Oh, and well out of my league too I'd say."
"It's nice of you to say, Ethan. But I don't believe you. I can't believe you. I've got small boobs. I'm ginger. I have no confidence in my body. There's no way I'd go around naked like you are. I don't feel hot or sexy. I feel frumpy and boring."
"Right then, here's what you're going to do," I replied. "There is NOBODY around on this island, save me and you. I am going to go into the forest to search for some alternative food supplies to coconuts and crabs. I will be gone around an hour. Whilst I am gone you are going to take off all your clothes and you are going to walk from one end of the beach to the other. Collect some wood for the fire, go for a short swim, let yourself air dry. Then if you want you can get dressed again before I return. See how you feel."
"Oh ok," she murmured. "Pass me the suncream then." She started rubbing it in to the exposed skin. I took some as well and started rubbing it in all over my front, including my dick. I definitely didn't want a burn there! Then I asked her to rub some on my back. She did so, and without hesitation massaged the cream into my buttocks as well. I Offered to do her back for her and she eventually agreed saying I had to reach under her top. She wasn't going to take it off.
I slowly massaged her shoulders with the cream, then down her back to the top. I slipped a hand under the top and rubbed the stuff in. She was so wonderfully smooth. Then I worked it into her lower back. I slipped a hand into her shorts and massaged her buttocks also. They were firm and round. Heaven.
"You're naughty, Ethan," she exclaimed. Although I don't think she was totally serious in her rebuttal.
I took off into the forest. As soon as I was out of sight I stopped and turned around. I was a good few hundred yards away from the camp, but I wanted to see what would happen. After a while a very naked Niamh emerged and walked up the beach. There was definitely a spring in her step. I couldn't see any detail, but it was good to see her doing what I'd asked. I was sure she'd feel better for it.
I turned and went foraging. I was very careful with the thorns, but inevitably I got some scratches and scrapes. It was worth it though because I found an orange tree, and some wild bananas. I filled my bag and returned to the camp, pleased with the morning's work.
There was no sign of Niamh when I returned. I got to drawing the fire together again. I realised we should have it burning as much as possible really to avoid the hassle of having to relight it. We should also get a stash of firewood and try and keep it dry somehow in case of rain. In this case we were lucky and I was able to bring the embers together and get a fire going reasonably easily.
"Hey Ethan," I heard behind me. I turned and was quite surprised. Niamh wasn't naked - but she'd changed and looked unbelievable. She had put on different shorts. These ones were of the hot pant variety, and very short. They were also a little too big for her meaning an inch or so of air around the waistband. On the top she was wearing a lime green halter neck top. Basically a thin piece of green material, tied around her neck in a bow, and then tied around her waist also. The sides of it were positioned to cover the necessary, but only just. I could clearly see the outline of her nipples through the material.
She did a twirl and I could clearly see the bottoms of her buttocks. She looked so good. I didn't want to scare her off, but I was sorely tempted to take her right there.
"You look unbelievable, Niamh," I said, beaming at her.
"Thanks, I can tell," she replied looking at my penis that was stirring.
She came over and gave me a little peck on the cheek.
"Thanks Ethan. That really helped. You're right it feels nice being naked. I don't think I can do it wth you watching, but it was nice to be free."
She sat down cross-legged on the sand whilst I sorted out some food and fed the fire. It was a joy to see the whole expanse of her inside thigh, right the way up to the top. And when she shifted about I was sure I got glimpses of auburn pubes. We ate and chatted and then it got dark so we went to bed.
I lay down, and Niamh joined me, like yesterday. She shuffled in again until she was close. I could feel that she'd taken her top off again and liked it. She reached around with her hand, and stroked my chest hairs, then she slowly ran her hand down my front, all the way to my penis. She just rested her hand on my manhood, then she whispered in my ear:
"Ethan, don't look, but I'm completely naked too."
As my penis sprung to life, she nestled in further pushing her abdomen into my bottom. She continued to gently caress my dick as we fell asleep.
When I awoke, Niamh was dressed already again in the outfit from last evening, but she was gently stroking my penis with her hand and her face was inches away from it. She would gently pull the foreskin back a little and then replace it. Each time she got a bit bolder and more intrigued. I sighed and moaned softly to let her know I was awake, and that I liked what she was doing.
She smiled at me and returned to her investigations. By now she was completely pulling the foreskin back and replacing it with each gentle stroke. It was driving me wild. I was leaking precum like crazy so everything was super-slippery. Niamh ran a finger over the tip and collected a drop.
"What does it taste like," she asked.
"I honestly don't know," I said. "You'll have to try some."
She shot me a sly grin. I was really hoping she'd lick her finger, but she didn't. Instead she licked my cock. One long lick, from the base of the shaft to the tip. Oh god it felt good. I groaned loudly. I could feel my balls beginning to tighten.
"Hmmmm it tastes nice," she murmured.
And with that she sucked the whole of the end into her mouth and licked it like a lolly. I could't hold on any longer and I pumped my load into her mouth. Squirt after squirt of the stuff went in. She carried on sucking until I stopped twitching. Then she opened her mouth to show me it all in there. With a theatrical wink she swallowed the lot and wiped her mouth with her hand.
"Oh wow, Niamh," I breathed huskily after a few minutes, "that was fucking unbelievable! Thank you!"
"Hmmmm so salty, Ethan," she replied. "So much fun. Thanks for letting me."
"No, thank you Niamh. You're quite the minx really! Would you like me to reciprocate?"
"No chance! Not now. Maybe one day. I'll sort myself out later."
Life continued like this for a pretty long time. We improved our shelter, we got good at maintaining the fire and cooking on it. We found more food sources. There were no sightings of planes or boats though. I didn't wear a scrap of clothing at all. Niamh continued her routine of being clothed during the day. In the evenings though once it was dark we'd sleep naked together. She would always be awake and dressed by first light though, and would wake me up with a lovely blowjob.
I didn't press her into revealing more of herself. Our arrangements were nice, but I yearned to fuck her tight hole one day.
A few months into our ordeal I woke up one morning and Niamh wasn't there. She wasn't stroking my cock or sucking it. I wondered what on earth was going on. I hoped she was ok. I ventured outside and looked around, calling her name. Eventually her head popped out from behind a rocky outcrop.
"Don't come closer, Ethan," she shouted. "This is really embarrassing. Sorry."
"Don't worry, what's happened?" I replied.
"Well the last pair of shorts that fits, the gusset ripped when I put them on. I don't have anything to wear on my bottom. I really don't know what to do."
"Ok, don't panic, Niamh. We'll think of something. In fact I can think of two options right away. First option is you just don't bother wearing anything down there, but I also understand that may not be an option. So the second option is that we make you a rudimentary skirt out of an old t-shirt or something."
"Oh Ethan that's a great idea. Yes let's work something out."
I pottered off to what was left of our stash of clothes. There wasn't much. I rooted around and found a thin t-shirt that would work. It had a couple of tears in it, but it should still do the necessary. I took it back to the rocks where Niamh was along with the sharp stone we used as a knife. I cut and tore the shirt below the arms, as straight as I could, and passed it to Niamh to put on. She'd have to tie the waist somehow. I turned around while she tried it on. When she was ready I turned back. It worked a treat. It ended up very short indeed, and the material was thin so I could see a hint of her auburn bush through it. She did a slow turn and I noticed that one of the tears in the cloth was perfectly positioned between her legs at the back to get a slight glimpse of pussy from behind. We had no mirrors, she would never know.
"That looks great Niamh. How do you feel?"
"Well, I feel quite exposed actually. It's very short indeed. It'll have to do."
We went about our normal routine that day, but I really enjoyed the view. My cock broadcast this frequently and I kept getting funny looks from Niamh.
We ate in the evening as usual, and then sat around the fire like we did most evenings and reminisced about life at home. Niamh would often get quite homesick when chatting like this. She did that evening and pulled her knees up to hug them for comfort. I got a nice view of her pussy lips behind her legs. She'd obviously forgotten she had a short skirt on. She had quite fleshy labia, and i could just see the faintest hint of her inner folds protruding out. I was rock hard very quickly and Niamh noticed.
"What is it, Ethan? Something's got you excited!"
"Well, umm, I don't mean to make you uncomfortable, but you're wearing a skirt, and with your knees up like that, well, umm..."
Niamh looked down and saw that I could see a lot more than usual. I was expecting her to go mental at me or something, but she didn't.
"Oh, yeah, that," she said. "Well I suppose that's what comes of wearing a skirt with no underwear."
She made no move to lower her legs or make herself less exposed. 9
"Well you've seen it now, no point hiding it. Plus it's making me tingly knowing you can see it a bit."
I nodded and we continued chatting until it was too dark. We crawled into our beds and resumed our customary spooning position. Niamh started rubbing my dick that was still rock hard from the unexpected view earlier. It didn't take much for me to climax, the semen squirting onto the floor.
"I take it you liked seeing more of me then?" Niamh asked.
"Oh yes. Your pussy looks lovely. I've been waiting months for a glimpse. Thank you."
"Ethan, I'm really tingly and horny. I'm going to turn over, and I would love you to do the same. Nestle in like I do to you, and then touch my pussy. Just my pussy though, nothing else please. I'm not ready for that. I need to come and I want you to do it with your fingers please."
I wasn't about to hesitate. We rolled over and I snuggled in as far as I can. My slightly damp cock rested against her buttock and it felt so nice. I reached around and ran a finger along her slit. She was soaked. I quickly found her hole and her clit and made slow movements between the two. She gasped and then started moaning loudly. I increased the pace a little and she started bucking a bit. In the process her buttocks reinvigorated my flaccid dick and it got hard again. I was aware of it pressing between her cheeks. I don't know if it was intentional, but she started grinding her buttocks into me as I rubbed her hard little nub. Before long she was squealing my name with pleasure and then she let out a huge long groan as I felt her pussy clench with climax.
When she finally finished twitching I took my hand away and made moves to settle for sleep. But Niamh said:
"Please put your hand back Ethan. I want it on my pussy all night, and I want to feel your penis against me too."
I obliged. It felt so nice to be touching her so intimately.
When I awoke I had a blindfold on. I reached up to take it off, but was stopped by Niamh's voice.
"No leave it on, Ethan. I'm still naked. I need you to make me cum again. Please."
I felt her lie down next to me. I reached a hand out and felt my way to her pussy again. She was dripping wet. I started rubbing her again, and then thought I'd try using my mouth. I started adjusting myself when Niamh suddenly said in a rather concerned fashion:
"What are you doing?"
"Don't worry, I'm just going to give you the biggest orgasm you have ever had. Trust me."
"Ok, but no peeking, and be careful please."
I continued rubbing her whilst I moved around, and then positioned my mouth just in front of her opening. I inhaled. She smelt musky. I reached out my tongue and gently licked from her vagina to her clit. Niamh bucked and groaned.
"Ohhhhhhhh Ethan," she breathed.
God she tasted nice. Slightly earthy with a hint of sweetness, and totally sexy. I licked her again, this time slipping a finger into her hole as well. I continued licking her clit and finger fucking her. She groaned and gasped like crazy. Suddenly she let out an almighty squeal as I felt her collapse into an almighty orgasm.
When she finally came down she whispered thanks to me and I heard her breathing even out. I guessed she must be asleep. I slipped out of the shelter and took off my blindfold before getting on with the morning's activities.
It was probably an hour later when Niamh finally surfaced. She was dressed again. She said Hi and came straight over to me and gave me a massive hug and a kiss on the lips.
"Thank you Ethan for being so understanding, and thank you for making me feel so good."
"Seriously, Niamh, any time at all. You taste unbelievably good and I'll gladly enjoy you like that whenever you want."
We worked together collecting firewood and food and water. I wanted to try and do some fishing in the pool I'd found when we first arrived on the island. I asked if Niamh wanted to join me. She did. We didn't have any hooks or line, but I thought we could give it a go with spears made out of sticks. It was worth a try.
I got some long sticks and sharpened the ends into points on a rough rock. I made a few different lengths. We went to the pool and I carefully waded in. The water was lovely and warm. Niamh climbed onto a rock and sat down to watch. Her seat was level with my head. She had her legs pressed together so nothing exciting to see. I started attempting to spear a fish. It didn't go that well at first but I persevered.
After a little while of trying I looked up, and Niamh's legs were maybe an inch or two apart and I could just see up her skirt to the treasures it concealed. I couldn't see much, but enough for my cock to respond. I went back to fishing. It was actually quite fun. I got really close to spearing one and looked up at Niamh triumphantly. She congratulated me. Then I noticed that her legs were maybe 3 or 4 inches apart now. Was this on purpose? I couldn't tell, but I could see right up her skirt now to the delights within. My cock responded some more. I saw Niamh watching it, and I swear that she spread her legs a little more as it grew.
Her pussy looked delightful, framed as it was by Auburn curls. I was pretty hard now. I was enjoying this, even more so if it was a deliberate tease.
I went back to fishing and this time I caught one. It wasn't huge, but it was big enough. I gave it a sharp smack on the rock to stun it and placed it on the sand. When I turned around Niamh was sitting cross legged and the skirt was bunched around her waist. There was no doubt this was intentional now. I made sure Niamh could see me looking, and my cock gave its message as well.
"You pervert," she teased. "I can see you looking at my pussy, and enjoying it. I should punish you for being so naughty!"
"Oh really," I replied with mock sincerity. "And what would the punishment be my dear?"
"Hmmm let me think. You're staring at my pussy and your penis is reacting, so I'd punish your penis until it stopped being so hard."
"You'd have to catch me first!"
And I took off running. There was a splash behind me as Niamh leapt into the water in pursuit. We ran about giggling and laughing until I let Niamh catch me. She pushed me over into the sand and straddled my legs and started pumping my dick with her hands. It didn't take long for me to be leaving a mess of semen all over my upper body. She licked me clean hungrily and then kissed me on the lips again. She opened her mouth and slipped her tongue out and into mine. We snogged for a good while.
She suddenly pulled away.
"That's enough of that for now, Ethan. You've caught my dinner, but you need to catch one for yourself. Let's get back to the job in hand."
Such a tease! We headed back to the pool and we both waded in this time. The water was about waist deep. I passed Niamh a spear and we both fished for an hour or so. Eventually Niamh speared another fish and I gave it the treatment needed. I clambered out of the water to collect our bounty. I was crouching down when Niamh got out of the water. Her skirt was wet, and therefore translucent, and it had ridden up considerably, sticking to her mound. This left her pussy exposed and it glistened as the water dripped off her.
My penis immediately responded. She looked so sexy. Niamh saw and made no effort to adjust herself. Maybe she was finally thawing! Instead she turned on her heel and marched back towards camp giving me a fabulous view of her backside as she went. I trotted after her, my eyes fixated. We were about half way back to the shelter when she suddenly stopped and ripped the skirt off, throwing the mutilated fabric on the sand.
She looked at me and then marched off again, not saying a word. I followed behind, my eyes fixed on her naked posterior and my cock throbbing with lust.
We got back to the shelter and I began the job of cleaning the fish. It's a nasty job at the best of times, but with no real knife available it's doubly tricky. As I was working away Niamh sat down opposite me, her legs crossed and her pussy nicely displayed.
"Don't say anything, Ethan," she said firmly. "I just got to the point where I thought 'fuck it' how bad can it be, but I might have second thoughts. Just let your lovely big cock show me how appreciative you are and I might just stay this way."
My cock obliged as I continued cleaning and cooking the fish.
It was idyllic eating freshly caught fish as the sun slowly sank towards the horizon, with a bottomless beauty next to me. I couldn't keep my eyes off her pussy. It looked so tantalising.
With the food finished, we walked over to some rocks to watch the sunset. I perched on one and Niamh stood in front of me, leaning against me. My cock was pressing into her bottom. I wrapped my arms around her, placing my hands on the material of her top, and I kissed her neck gently. She sighed, then took hold of my hands guiding them down to her naked flesh, letting them rest on her pubic hair. I stroked her gently as she sighed her approval.
She turned around and kissed me again on the lips, with tongues. I held her buttocks and pulled her in as close as I could to sandwich my penis between us. Then I massaged her buttocks gently as we kissed. She kept sighing into my mouth as we went.
After a while I decided to be brave and moved my hands up to where her top was tied behind her back. I tugged gently on the bow to undo it. Niamh didn't complain. Now her back was free of obstructions I ran the tips of my fingers up and down it from where the neck part was tied, right down to the bottom of her buttocks. She shivered and kissed me deeper.
I let my hands rest on the knot holding her top up around her neck for a while to see if she would object. No reaction came, so I slowly and carefully undid that too. Now the only thing holding her top on was the proximity of our bodies as we kissed.
I ran my fingers from her head now, as far as I could reach and she shivered again.
She broke our embrace, and slowly turned around, allowing her top to fall to the floor. It was almost dark so I couldn't see much which was a shame. She nestled back into me again, taking hold of my hands again, only this time she guided them to her small breasts and placed one on each.
"Touch me everywhere, Ethan," she whispered huskily.
I gently rubbed her breasts, feeling their slight swell. Her nipples were hard and I gently rolled them between my fingers. She shuddered and ground her bottom into my dick. I ran my fingers from her breasts down to her pussy and back, then I plunged a hand into her soft wet folds, whilst the other continued to play with her tits. Very quickly she was bucking and jiving and screaming my name as she climaxed hugely.
Once she'd relaxed she dropped to the floor in front of me and gave me a really good blowjob, swallowing every last drop as usual. I led her carefully back to the shelter where we lay down to sleep, spooning as before, but tonight I cupped her breast. She crooned her delight.
In the morning when I awoke, Niamh already had my cock in her mouth. She was naked. She released my dick to smile and wish me good morning and then returned to her activity. I watched her head bobbing up and down and enjoyed the slight wiggle in her breasts as she went. Before long I was blowing another load in her mouth which she swallowed. Then she lay down and spread her legs.
"My turn!" she chirped enthusiastically.
I hopped up and got to work, starting with kissing her breasts and licking her hard little nipples. She tasted salty from sweat. From there I worked my way down her body, licking and kissing until I reached her pussy. I licked and finger fucked her until she convulsed with a lovely orgasm.
"Thanks for being patient with me Ethan," she said once she had her breath back. "You're right, it's great being naked. I just needed to take things slowly and grow comfortable with the idea. Yesterday when your cock reacted to seeing my pussy I realised it was exciting to be able to do that to someone. Particularly when that someone is you. Your penis is so big and meaty and I love it.
Life on the island carried on like this. Niamh was now permanently naked, just like me. We gave each other plenty of orgasms with fingers and tongues, but no actual intercourse. That was still a dream only. Niamh took so well to being naked, and in fact she would purposely show off her tight little cunt for me whenever she could. She would always sit with her legs spread wide, she would bend over in front of me allowing me a great view. When I was sitting down she liked to stand in front of me so her mound was right in front of my face.
Most days I wanted to fuck her brains out, with or without her consent, but in the end I waited patiently, making do with hand and blowjobs.
It was hard keeping track of the days and weeks as they passed. There was little seasonal variation in climate to help track things either. We'd been there a long long time though, at least a year. Niamh turned to me one evening:
"Ethan, you know, neither of us has any idea when our birthdays are. We've probably both missed one or even two, and I'm sure we've missed Christmas. I've decided that tomorrow we are going to celebrate my birthday. I've decided that I'm going to have a birthday treat. In the morning when you wake up I won't be there. I will be somewhere on the island. I want you to come and find me and then follow my instructions."
I woke up in the morning and indeed she wasn't there. I set off to find her. She wasn't on the beach, that was easy to ascertain. I searched around, and eventually found her in a clearing in the forest. She had tied herself up with vines. Her legs were spread as wide as she could manage, each foot tied to a tree. Her arms were tied with a vine around another tree. She had blindfolded herself with banana leaves as well.
"Hi Niamh," I said quietly so as not to make her jump, "here I am."
"Oooh Ethan that was quick. You must be keen!" Niamh responded. "Here are your instructions. As you can see, I am tied up. I want you to do anything you like to make me feel good. And when I say 'anything' I mean it, so long as it makes me feel good. I'll tell you if something isn't making me feel good."
"Nice idea Niamh! I like it. Trust me, you're going to feel good. I might have to go away from time to time to get things I need, but I'll be back."
She just smiled.
I went off making noise so she knew I'd gone. I needed to collect some things. I found some feathers we'd discovered one day, a sharp stick as well. Then I grabbed a wine bottle we had found washed up on the beach. That would do for now. On the way back I also broke a branch off with lots of leaves on it.
When I got close to where Niamh was I crept as quietly as I could I wanted if possible to surprise her. I took hold of the feathers, they were fluffy ones, and reached over her and gently tickled her neck. Niamh jumped, sighed, and then shivered.
I tickled her on her neck, then under her arms, then I gave her gorgeous little tits a good go. After that I ran the feathers over her tummy. She was quivering and groaning loads. I tickled her feet next which left her squealing, a bit too much, so I quickly started on her legs working up the insides slowly. When I got to the top I ran the feathers over her labia and she groaned her pleasure.
I decided to try the sharp stick next. I didn't want to hurt her, but I wanted to see if it had a good reaction. I started gently poking her with the point. Each one was met with a variant of "Oh god that's good," so I continued. Poking her nipples extracted a particularly positive response. I started dragging the point from her nipples down towards her crotch area, getting closer each time. She was breathing really heavily now, almost gasping for breath.
I used the point of the stick to run along her slit. The moment it hit her clit she exploded in a huge climax.
"You're so naughty, Ethan," she breathed.
"Oh I'm only just getting started my dear," I replied.
I grabbed hold of the branch with the leaves and started patting her chest with it. Not strongly, yet, but enough that she could feel it. I could see her nipples responding to it - they grew hard as little rocks. I increased the heaviness of the hits now. It wouldn't hurt much, but it was leaving red marks on her skin.
I increased the intensity more and moved the hits down her body until I was mostly hitting her pussy. She was squealing at me to carry on, and carry on I did.This was a side of Niamh I hadn't expected at all. A far cry from the conservative thing I'd been marooned with. I was enjoying it a lot.
I stopped whipping her with the branch and started kissing the welts on her body. I was as gentle as I could be, knowing the contrast in sensations would be amazing for her. The shivers and shudders in her body confirmed this. I kissed up her legs, across her mound and up her body all the way to her mouth that was open as she panted. As I slipped my tongue into her mouth my rock hard cock bumped into her pussy lips. Niamh groaned heavily into my mouth.
I let my cock bump into her lips again and she groaned some more, then she broke the kiss and shouted:
"Oh Ethan! Fuck my tight pussy with your penis. I need you inside me. I want your hot, salty sperm to fill up my young hole."
I didn't need asking twice and slowly pushed my engorged member between her labia. God she was tight! I got my bell inside her and then pulled out again. I went in again and got in slightly further. So I pulled out and as I slipped inside her again Niamh's pussy exploded in another huge climax. Her pussy walls clenched tight around my dick.
I waited for her pussy to stop clenching and then continued pushing into her. Before long I was inside her to the hilt. I could the tip of my penis pressing against her insides. I started working back and forth inside her. The glorious day had finally come. It was better than I'd ever imagined it would be.
Niamh was panting and groaning again very quickly. She suddenly climaxed again, this time she took me with her and I filled her tight hole with my seed. It felt so good.
I released Niamh from her bonds and blindfold and we lay in each others' arms for a long time. Eventually Niamh broke the silence:
"Oh Ethan, that was amazing. Thank you! I felt so good. I can't believe how many times I came! And the feeling of your massive cock exploding inside me was unbelievable. I want you to fuck me every day."
Oh we fucked alright. And it was amazing every time. We tried different positions, different places. It was such fun. My favourite was in the sea, standing on the sand myself and lifting her up onto my shaft. The buoyancy of the water making it possible. Niamh's favourite was when I took her from behind because the head of my cock would press against her spot repeatedly. She would often come two or three times like that before I did.
We spent our days sorting out food and water, improving or fixing our camp, maintaining our SOS signs and then fucking. Niamh had turned into quite the sex addict. She'd transformed into a very adventurous young lady. I never pushed anything, but every now and again she'd tell me something she wanted to try.
One time she wanted me to see how far I could get the bottle we found inside her. That was enjoyable, watching her pussy stretch to accommodate the large girth of the bottle.
We tried anal a couple of times but it didn't really work for either of us. My cock was too big for her hole. Her cunt was tight enough anyway.
Eventually, we found out it was over 7 years after we'd been marooned, a small plane flying overhead saw our sign. It was the first time we'd seen a plane or a ship anywhere within signalling distance and we waved frantically at it. It flew off again. We hoped they'd seen us but there wasn't much we could do if they hadn't.
Waiting to see what happened was probably the lowest point of the whole ordeal for us. Eventually, the next day, we heard a thud thud in the sky signalling an approaching helicopter. The chopper landed on our beach and a couple of men hopped out. There was too much noise to talk, but we were overjoyed to see them. Niamh bounded over to them, naked as she was, and hugged them both. A bit awkward for them I'm sure! A nice treat though as well. Niamh had lost a lot of weight on the island, as had I. Our diet wasn't calorie rich and we'd been very active. The activity and exercise had left us both very well toned indeed. So here was this heavily tanned woman with auburn hair and no clothes on embracing them!
They ushered us onto the chopper and gave us blankets to wrap up in. We were thankful for them because it was chilly in the air. We sat in the chopper next to each other with the blankets wrapped around us both. Niamh held my dick all the way back to civilisation. We were given clothes to put on, but neither of us really wanted to. They insisted, and then ferried us off the British embassy, Ireland didn't have one and they wanted to deal with us together anyway.
We were initially given separate rooms, but we told them we wanted to be together. Thankfully they complied. As soon as we were in the room together we stripped off. The first thing we did was to both get in the shower together. We turned it up hot, and enjoyed letting the hot water run over our bodies, washing away seven years of grime. We soaped each other up, and in no time we were horny as hell.
We quickly got dry again and had our first sex in a bed. It was awkward to say the least, but we enjoyed it a great deal. My favourite part was when Niamh clambered onto me, reverse cowgirl style. It was so nice to really be able to bounce her around without worrying about scraping my back! I could focus on playing with her little tits, flicking her nipples, and rubbing her clit as we fucked. Niamh climaxed twice before I shot my load in her hole.
She sat on my for ages afterwards, my dick still inside. We chatted about what the future would hold for us. Then she finally got up and thick globs of my semen dropped out of her all over me and the bed. Without hesitation Niamh got to work licking it up. It was so hot to watch her.
Just as Niamh got cleaned up there was a knock at the door. The ambassador had sent us hairdressers to deal with 7 years of unruly growth! They introduced themselves as Sarah and Steve. Sarah was a cute young thing, probably about 5'4" and pretty skinny. She had large boobs though. They probably looked bigger on her slight frame, but I reckoned they'd be a D cup. She had lovely brown eyes and her hair was a mousy brown, cut short and spiky. She was wearing nice, but boring clothes.
Steve was a guy who liked to work out. He was wearing a tight shirt and his biceps rippled as he moved. He was also wearing loose shorts that showed off his strong legs. Niamh and I were of course naked. I found it pretty exhilarating being in a room with strangers when I was naked. Niamh was flushed as well.
They asked us to go and wet our hair in the bathroom whilst they set up. Off we toddled.
Once in the bathroom, Niamh whispered to me: "Ethan, Steve's hot isn't he?"
"Yes he is. Reckon he must spend ages in the gym!"
"Would you mind if I flirted with him?" she continued. "I'd never have done this before, but you've really helped me enjoy my sexual charms. I want to see what happens. You can flirt with Sarah if you like. I saw you staring at her rack."
I couldn't believe what was coming out of Niamh's mouth.
"If you want to flirt with Steve then go ahead! Things are going to change now we're back in civilisation and if that's a route you want to take then please do. I don't want to presume that we'll stay together, although I'd love us to if you want to."
"Don't be ridiculous Ethan. Of course we'll stay together. I love being with you. But I want to experiment and be crazy and naughty."
We headed back to the bedroom. Steve and Sarah had laid out plastic sheeting for the hair, and hat set up 2 big mirrors in front of chairs. They showed us to our seats. I was really pleased to see that Steve was going to be taking care of Niamh, leaving Sarah to sort me out.
We sat down and they draped black tunics over us to stop the pieces of hair getting on our skin. We adjusted to get comfy and I noticed that Niamh made sure the tunic didn't quite cover her pussy. This would be fun!
I heard Steve ask Niamh what hairstyle she wanted. She replied that she wanted him to choose something that he thought would make her look sexy. I didn't hear or see his reaction because Sarah asked me the same question. I told her I wanted to be clean shaven on the face and then a simple short cut for the hair.
Soon the air was filled with the sounds of scissors as Steve and Sarah hacked the majority of our hair off roughly. It was all matted and fell to the ground in large clumps. Sarah did the same with my beard.
Very soon the smalltalk began. Steve and Sarah were intrigued to hear our story. Niamh did most of the talking. She chatted a lot about being naked and all that. As she was talking I noticed that her legs were spreading slightly allowing for a nice view in the mirror. She was still slightly moist from our fucking earlier. My cock was stirring a little.
It was pretty hot in our room and Steve and Sarah were sweating. Niamh noticed as well.
"Steve," she said, "I see you're really hot. I see you're sweating as well. Don't mind us, feel free to take your shirt off."
Steve lifted his shirt off right away. He was ripped! Niamh rewarded everyone by spreading her legs slightly further. There was about 4 inches between her knees now.
"Hey that's not fair," said Sarah, "Steve gets to strip of but I can't?"
"Nobody's stopping you stripping off, Sarah," Niamh shot back. But if stripping isn't an option then maybe you'll feel a bit cooler if you go and lose the bra? I'm sure Ethan and Steve won't mind. And if you're still hot there's always the clothes the embassy provided me. I won't be using them. Help yourself if you want something cooler."
Sarah went over the the cupboard and had a look through. She picked out some things and popped into the bathroom to change. The transformation when she returned was amazing. She'd put on some loose shorts and a loose strappy top. It was clear to me straight away she'd taken Niamh's advice of losing the bra as her large breasts jiggled nicely under the material. There was a pretty good amount of cleavage on show as well. Niamh gave me a theatrical wink.
She got back to work by starting with the shave. She used a cut-throat razor and it was clear she knew what she was doing with it. It felt great to have her touch on my skin.
With the initial tidy of her hair complete, Steve asked Niamh to go and give her hair a good shampoo so that he could get to work sorting out the remaining knots. She went off to the bathroom and I could see Steve watching her as she walked away. She jiggled her hips seductively as she went, not in the least bit bothered that he was watching her.
She came back after a while and sat back down on the chair. Steve put her tunic back on, and Niamh slouched a little spreading her legs wide. Quite the exhibitionist she had become. Steve watched the show and then excused himself to use the toilet.
Sarah burst out laughing: "Wow! I've never seen him so hot and bothered," she giggled. "You have got a nice looking body though, Niamh. Particularly your pussy. You should ask Steve to shave your legs once he's done your hair. He'll enjoy that a great deal."
Niamh smiled a sly smile.
Steve returned after a few minutes, carrying something in his hand. He dropped it in his bag of equipment. It was a jock strap.
"Sorry about that," he said to nobody in particular. "Things were a little too tight for comfort."
There was definitely some tenting in his shorts!
He got back to work on Niamh's hair, combing and brushing it to get the tangles out. Sarah had just finished my shave.
"Ethan," she said, "can you go and shampoo your hair now please."
I did as she asked. When I came back I was sure she was checking out my package. I sat down and she put the tunic back on me.
"So, Ethan, you mean we get to see Niamh's lovely pussy while we work, but we don't get to see your dick," said Sarah flirtatiously.
So this is how we're playing it, I thought to myself, and readjusted the tunic so my cock was in the open. It started to swell a little.
"That's better," said Sarah, "and I see it's pretty big!"
"Oh just you wait," said Niamh. "When it's fully erect it's long enough to split me in two. And he did that regularly on the island."
Niamh talking dirty really had me going and I firmed up to my firmest setting. Sarah's eyes bulged.
She got to work on my hair with the clippers, trimming it all up nicely. As she worked the strap fell off one of her shoulders and made its way down her arm. She didn't make any attempt to stop it or put it back for a while. By the time she dealt with it I'd seen most of her left breast. It was definitely pretty sizeable. She swapped hands with the clippers and the same thing happened on the right. I was treated to another nice view. No nipples yet, but very exciting all the same.
Steve finished blow-drying Niamh's hair and let her inspect it in the mirror. She looked so good with her auburn hair all shiny and smooth and cut short. Steve started packing up his things, when Niamh said:
"Steve, one more thing, my legs need a shave. Do you mind?"
Steve didn't bat an eyelid. He started getting his razor out. Niamh took the tunic off as he did so. She sat in the chair naked with her legs spread. Steve knelt down in front of her, his head in line with her pussy. He lathered up one lower leg and shaved it, then started with the next. Meanwhile, Sarah was getting to work on my fringe. Rather than use a more traditional method she stood in front of me, between my legs. She looked to be bending more than she needed to as well, and each time I got a nice look down her top.
Then she reached to get some different scissors and as she did so both straps fell off her shoulders. She leant forward again and the top slowly made its way down her breasts. I was rock had and throbbing when she finally decided to take the top off completely. Her tits were absolutely glorious. She had brown areola that were quite large and long nipples sitting right in the middle. They were practically dangling in my face so I stuck my tongue out and brushed her nipple. She shuddered.
From the other side of the room I heard Niamh's groan. I looked over. Steve had finished her legs and was shaving her pink pussy very carefully with a cutthroat razor. He had a finger resting on her clit and was rubbing it. I watched transfixed as a stranger played with the woman I'd had sole fucking rights for for seven years. It was so hot.
Sarah quickly trimmed the rest of my hair and then sat on my lap, facing me, to inspect her handy work. One of her small little hands grasped my shaft and started working it up and down slowly. I ran my hands up her smooth legs and inside the leg holes of her shorts. I didn't find what I was searching for - panties. Good girl!
Niamh was shaved now and Steve was naked, gently tonguing her. I checked out his tackle. About average. At least I beat him in one aspect of body image! He was rock hard though and I didn't expect he'd last long before ramming it into Niamh's tight pussy. I didn't want her to have all the fun in that department, so I took a pair of scissors from Sarah's bag that was beside me on the floor and slowly started slicing from the leg hole to the waistband on one side. I repeated the exercise on the other. I then cut along the waistband, joining the two cuts together and let the gusset flap down to expose her sex.
Sarah was working my cock pretty strongly by now, a sign of how turned on she was I thought. I cut through the waistband and let the material fall away completely leaving Sarah naked on my lap. I quickly slipped a hand between her legs. She was soaking wet. Perfect.
I picked her up as I stood up and took her over to the bed and dumped her on it. I lined myself up with her opening and thrust inside her. She wasn't as tight as Niamh, but she still felt good. Steve placed Niamh next to Sarah and entered her as well. He was pretty rough from the outset, really riding her. Niamh was shouting 'Yes!' with each thrust and the sound of squelching permeated the air. I was pounding Sarah by now as well who was screaming something unintelligible as I fucked her. Suddenly I felt her pussy clench around my dick as she climaxed. I tried carrying on but she wasn't having it so pulled out and watched Niamh getting nailed.
She suddenly told Steve to stop a moment.
"I've had an idea," she continued. "My anus is too tight for Ethan, but I reckon it would be perfect for you, Steve. Why don't you take my anus and let Ethan have my cunt?"
Steve was all too ready to agree. I climbed onto the bed next to Sarah who was quivering, and lay on my back. Niamh climbed on top and impaled herself on my cock. Then she lay down on top of me to present her anus to Steve. He dribbled on it to lubricate it and slowly entered her. She groaned and I felt her pussy twitch around my dick.
Before long Steve was in her up to his balls and he started a steady rhythm. I matched it as best I could. Niamh kept on going on about how hot it was to be spit roast like that. The intensity of her breathing increased very quickly. Suddenly there was a roar from Steve as he unloaded himself inside her.
He pulled out allowing Niamh to sit up a bit more and she bounced around on me. Suddenly I felt my balls tighten and I sprayed my seed inside her. Just as I went over the edge I felt Niamh climax as well, although she didn't make a sound. She was totally out of breath.
By now Sarah had recovered somewhat and she got to work licking the semen out of Niamh's arse and pussy.
A little while later Steve and Sarah had to leave to attend to other jobs so we helped them clear up.
Once they'd gone, Niamh turned to me:
"Ethan, that was fun."
I nodded.
"I think I want to do that lots. If you want to, we could live together, naked, somewhere, and we could go out and seduce people to fuck. It was so hot seeing you fucking Sarah. Weren't her tits amazing? And when you and Steve were in me together, well I thought I couldn't take it! It felt so good. I want to be so naughty, make up for all the time I was so prim and proper before. I want to be naked or wear as little clothing as possible all the time. I want strangers to fill my holes. I want to see you fucking women. Hey we could fuck some women together. I want to try that. When Sarah licked me out earlier I nearly came again!"
We carried on chatting through the night about what we wanted to do with each other and to each other. We fucked again as the sun rose, resolved to do what we'd talked about. In the morning we started putting this into practise.
Maybe I'll tell you about that one day too.