Chapter 8: Sherry Exposed
I waited for Sherry to continue recounting her day. She needed to rest her voice and rehydrate her mouth. I held her hand and tried to be strong for her. I told her again that I didn't need to hear the rest of it, that I had a pretty good idea of what happened. She insisted that she had to tell me, that I had to know, that I couldn't possibly imagine what she went through. I wasn't about to argue with her.
Sherry's account continues: As we walked down the hall, my legs shaking, I realized that I wasn't going to make it in that state of mind. And if I broke down and became unable to follow Chad and Tara's instructions the consequences would be disastrous. On the elevator ride down I decided that I had to become the slut that everybody wanted me to be. I sure looked the part.
I thought about what had happened so far and let the eroticism of it all soak into me. The excitement of being topless on the beach playing volleyball. The men hungrily leering at my tits between volleys. The feeling of Chad's cock in my mouth, and then pulsating as it squirted his load down my throat. I recalled the taste of Tara's juicy slit and the sounds of her climax. All of this increased my arousal and started a fire in my pussy. I concentrated on those feelings and pushed any doubts or reservations into a box in the back of my mind. God help me, I let loose Sherry-slut one more time.
By the time we strolled out into the bright daylight my legs were no longer shaking, although my entire body felt like it was vibrating with sexual energy. It was an intoxicating feeling and I reveled in it. In a dim corner of my mind I knew that was wrong, but I squashed those thoughts ruthlessly. It was strange, almost like I was watching someone else in my body, yet it was still me.
We didn't go towards the parking lot and the car, however. Instead we headed in the general direction of what passed for downtown in this city. As we walked Chad continued to run the video recorder, usually leaving it on me, but sometimes he focused on the reactions of people we passed. And reactions we got, especially from young men. I savored the appreciative stares and the occasional wolf whistle.
I noticed that this part of town was a mix of seedy and renovated, filled with quaint little shops and dimly lit dives, all mixed together. I could see why the younger crowd seemed to like this area. We walked about three blocks and then Tara led me through a door that said "Claire's Nails". It was a small place with only three stations, two of which were busy. Tara talked to the third woman, a small oriental gal, and then motioned for me to come back.
When we walked out of the little nail salon and back into the daylight I was sporting bright pink nail polish on my fingers and toes. "Don't you think that she needed that splash of color?" Tara asked Chad.
"Oh yeah, she's just adorable now." Chad teased.
We walked another block and then entered a door that had the following painted on it: Ed's Body Art. While I was pondering the meaning of 'Body Art' I noticed that there was an odd smell in the air that I couldn't quite place. Despite the dingy appearance of the place it was quite well lit. Chad started talking to a scrawny guy with tattoos all over his arms and neck. It looked like they continued under his shirt and I was guessing that he was covered in them. In fact, I noticed the other two people in the place, a man and a woman about my age were also covered in ink. Suddenly I knew what 'Body Art' meant and I got scared.
Chad must have noticed my change in demeanor because he waved his hand in a dismissive gesture. "Don't worry, I'm just getting you a temp -- it's only airbrushed on. It'll wash off completely."
I let out a breath that I hadn't been aware I was holding. Chad and the 'artist' named Skid (I kid you not), led me back to one of the work stations. Skid showed Chad some albums full of pictures and after flipping though one he found what he wanted in the second one, stabbing his finger at his selection. A quiet discussion ensued that I couldn't make out and then Skid went about cleaning the area above my left breast with an alcohol wipe. He cleaned a very large area, right down to the edge of my bikini top, or in other words, almost to my nipple.
When he set up to paint me I could finally see the picture. At first I thought it was abstract, then maybe two snakes intertwined, but after a few moments I realized it was a man and a woman having sex. Underneath it had a caption that said "LUST". I was already garnering a lot of attention, now I was getting this 'graphic' art painted on me. How much more could these two humiliate me, I wondered. Inwardly I shuddered as I realized the answer: probably a lot more.
Skid took plenty of liberties with my tits as he expertly applied the paint; sometimes brushing against one with his arm, and other times palming the left one to "protect the bikini" from the paint. Finally it was done and they stood me in front of a mirror to see what it looked like. It wasn't as large as I thought it would be, however it was quite noticeable. Even though the letters were backwards I could tell the caption was wrong, however. What did it say now? Some letters are the same backwards as forwards, even in fancy script, so I could see the first two were M and I. Oh, my god, Chad had him change it to MILF!
Then Skid took a picture of me, supposedly for his album, but I suspected there were other reasons.
"Hey, how about one without the top, for my private album?" Skid asked me. I glanced quickly at Chad. I wasn't surprised when he nodded slightly. I knew that I'd be doing a lot more of this before the day was done and Sherry-slut was more than willing, so I took off the bikini top right there in front of Skid and the other two "artists". Actually it felt kind of good to get the tight top off, if only for a little while. And although I was embarrassed, I was also excited by the exhibitionism. Skid noticed my nipples hardening.
"Does this turn your crank honey?" He asked lewdly.
Remembering the narrative that Chad and Tara had provided me I looked down and answered. "Yes, it does."
Skid took another picture. "Look up, at the camera." He instructed. When I complied he took another picture. "It looks like you are embarrassed too."
"Yes." Was all I could muster.
He turned to Chad. "Strange chick, man. Hot, but strange."
"You have no idea." Chad said enigmatically.
After Tara helped me put the tiny top back on we headed back outside, Chad still recording everything with the small video camera. We crossed the street and walked another half a block, stopping in front of an arcade. I didn't think such places still existed, but apparently there were still a few left.
Chad turned to Tara. "I think it's time for some fun and games." He said as he pushed the door open.
Inside it was dim and raucous, full of youthful energy. There were several rows of video games, a row of pinball machines, and even a row of skee-ball games against one wall. And everywhere there were young people playing, talking, laughing, and rough-housing. For the most part they were male and around 20 years old, although there were some young women as well. As Chad led us to the first video game I received plenty of stares, but the crowd parted for us and kept back a few steps. I didn't know if they were intimidated by the camera or by me, but I knew it wouldn't last long.
Chad had me play against him on a shooting game where you got points added for killing the bad guys and points deducted for hitting civilians. Now I don't play video games and I've never actually shot a gun before, so I didn't do too well. Chad easily beat me and everybody around us laughed at my pathetic score. After that we played a racing game, a martial arts fighting game, and even a pinball machine. I lost at every one of them, although I kept it much closer on the pinball table which I had at least some experience on from my youth.
As time went on the crowd around us got bigger and closer. They started brushing up against me during the game and bumping into me when we moved to the next one. Their whispers became louder and louder until I could begin to pick up some of what was being said. They were talking about my body and how they'd like to get their hands on me, calling me a slut, MILF, hard body, etc. But they weren't the only ones looking; I glanced at them when I got the chance too, and not just at their faces. All of this was helping to keep my level of sexual excitement high.
"She's not much of a gamer." One man called out after I lost yet again.
"No, but she has other talents." Chad yelled back, causing the crowd around us to chuckle knowingly.
That exchange seemed to embolden some of the young men surrounding us. The accidental touching became more frequent and brazen. While I played pinball, someone, or more likely more than one someone, was playing with my bare ass. Then I felt a tugging at the tie on my left hip and suddenly the front of my bikini bottoms flopped loose; only the string up my ass kept if from completely falling off. I squealed and grabbed at the little piece of cloth, pulling it back over my pussy. As I was attempting to tie it back on someone pulled the bow behind my neck, allowing the small top to fall down, suspended only by the other string around my back.
My tits were now fully on display and I had to make a choice; either tie the bottoms and delay covering up my tits, or put the top back in place and take a chance on losing my bottoms. I decided that the bottoms were more important so I finished tying them while all the men around me admired my bare tits. When I was finished with that, which took longer than it normally should have because the strings were so short, I pulled my top back up and asked Chad to retie it for me. I guess the crowd had made too much noise though, because the manager approached us and told Chad we had to leave because we were drawing too much attention and making too much noise.
But instead of heading towards the front of the arcade where we entered, Chad led us to the back and out a door marked "Emergency Exit Only". A large group of young men followed us out. I guess I should have been flattered, but I was afraid of what might happen next. I found myself standing in an alley facing a chain-link fence and some scattered old buildings on the other side. Chad strode across the crumbling asphalt surface and through a hole in the fence. He held the rusting fence apart as Tara and I ducked through the hole. We walked between two abandoned buildings and emerged into an open area that looked like it was originally part of a factory complex, but was now an open field. There were large concrete structures, old pieces of machinery and empty concrete slabs strewn all over. From the overgrowth of vegetation I guessed there had not been anything manufactured here in decades.
Chad stopped walking and the crowd that followed us from the arcade surrounded the three of us. There was a moment of nervous silence, neither me nor the men sure what Chad had in mind. There must have been a dozen guys around us, I hoped that he didn't expect me to have sex with all of them. I didn't think I could handle that many.
"Guys, this is Sherry. She's kind of shy, but she loves all the attention. So let her know what you think of her." Chad announced. They all started talking at once, and moved in closer to me.
One was bolder than the rest and stepped right in front of me. "Hey baby, how about a kiss." He said, but didn't wait for my answer and began kissing me. After a few seconds I felt someone pulling me away.
"My turn." And then someone else was kissing me. But that didn't last long either as I was passed to yet another man, and then another. I don't know how many I had kissed before I started feeling hands roaming over my body, and not just from the guy kissing me.
First they were just on my arms and back, then they started squeezing my ass. Suddenly my bikini top was being pulled off from behind, but I couldn't do anything about it because I was being held tight by the man kissing me. Then before I knew it I was passed to the next guy and was kissing him passionately. He was also the first one to reach between us and start playing with my tits.
While I was scared at the turn of events, I was also excited by all the attention from these young men. My nipples were hard and my pussy was getting wetter by the minute. I should have been really scared when the strings to my bikini bottoms were untied and the thin strip of material was pulled away, but I was lost in the eroticism of the moment.
When I didn't object they got even bolder; hands from multiple men on me at all times as I was passed along. Soon fingers were being pushed into my pussy which only made it gush more. Things were getting out of control and the men began pulling their hard cocks out of their baggy shorts and cargo pants. That's when Chad stepped in and pushed a couple of them away.
"All right, all right, back off. We don't want the cops coming and arresting everybody." He shouted. That backed the rest of them off a bit. All this public exhibitionism and fondling was really getting me hot; my nipples were hard and my inner thighs were wet from my juices. Most of the men had their dicks out and were looking at me hungrily.
"Well, I think you've got their complete attention, Sherry." Chad whispered in my ear. "But I don't think it would be fair to leave them like this."
Tara pulled a rug out of her bag and laid it on the ground by my feet. "Why don't you show them how much you appreciate their attention, babe." She said. I wasn't sure what she wanted me to do and when she saw my confusion she hissed at me "Masturbate for them, you idiot. Unless you want to fuck them all."
I quickly laid down on the rug and started running my hands over my body, avoiding my tits and pussy at first. They all gathered around and started pumping their cocks as they watched me. After teasing them for a while I started playing with my tits, squeezing and caressing them the way I liked it. My nipples were aching to be pinched and pulled, and I couldn't hold back for long. All the men were now telling me how sexy I was and hot I was making them as they pulled on their meat. This made me hotter and I couldn't keep my hands off my pussy. I was rubbing my clit with one hand and plunging two fingers into my sopping hole with the other.
I was groaning and thrashing on the rug, out in the open, surrounded by a dozen young men stroking their hard cocks. It was the single most erotic thing I had ever done and my climax was fast approaching. "Oh god, oh god, I'm going to cum." I moaned. "Cum with me, do it, do it."
The first guy came with a loud groan and I felt his spunk land on my stomach. This was followed by a couple of others, one of them right on my face. That's all it took for me. My orgasm built higher and higher, tensing my body and bringing me to sexual heights I had never reached before. Then like a swollen dam it broke and waves of pleasure swept over me like a tsunami. I was thrashing and bucking on the ground and was vaguely aware of more men standing above me and shooting their loads. My orgasm rolled on and on making my body jerk and spasm over and over again.
Finally it ended and as I reveled in post orgasmic bliss I remember looking up at all the young men standing over me clapping and hooting. I looked down at my body. It was covered in sweat and man cum. When I looked back up some of them were taking pictures with their cell phones. At the time I was kind of flattered, but later I hoped they didn't show up on the Internet.
Tara ordered me to scoop up all the cum I could with my hands and put it in my mouth. This didn't seem as perverted to me now as it would have a day ago, and besides, it was a practical way to clean it off. After I got as much as I could, Tara produced a couple of wet napkins like the kind you get at a rib joint and helped clean up the remaining residue. A couple of the guys helped me up and supported me when I discovered my legs were still a bit wobbly. They all hugged and kissed me and thanked me for the show. I was also told I was welcome for a repeat performance any time. The men wandered off when Chad made it clear the show was over and Tara helped me put the bikini back on.
"It's your turn, where now?" Chad asked Tara.
"I was thinking of visiting Tommy." Tara mused.
"Oh, you are a nasty girl today." He replied. "Let's go."
Chad led us away in the direction of one of the abandoned factory buildings. As we walked through the empty dim structure I wondered what time it was. How much longer would I have to endure the lascivious whims of this couple? How did they become this perverted at such a young age? We came out the other side by another fence, but this one had a gaping hole in it that allowed us to exit without Chad's assistance. Across the street stood a building that looked like it was originally a store front of some kind but sported a sign that said "Conrad Arms Apartments". We crossed the street and Tara produced a key to the front security door and led us inside.
We walked up to the second floor and about half way down the hallway to apartment 215. Tara didn't knock, she simply walked right in. "Tommy, are you here?" she called out.
"In here." A voice called back from somewhere inside.
Tommy was sitting in the living room area which was dominated by a large window with a sliding glass door that led out to a small balcony. Almost as large was a wide-screen plasma TV which was currently being used to play a video game.
"Just a sec, I've almost got this boss beat." Tommy said to us without skipping a beat as he mashed buttons on the video game controller. Everybody except me seemed to be riveted to the huge TV screen. I looked around at the sparsely furnished apartment, concluding that Tommy spent all his money on the TV and video games.
A blood-splattered image appeared on the screen with the words "You Lose!" in large letters. "Shit, I thought I had him that time." Tommy spat. He turned around and froze when his eyes landed on me. "Well, well, what do you have here, Sis?"
Sis? Tommy is Tara's brother? I wondered if Tommy was a perverted as his sister.
"Hmmm, just a little something we picked up at the resort." Tara answered.
Tommy stood up; he was over six feet tall, probably by three or four inches. He took several steps and stopped in front of me. He looked me up and down, especially my tattoo.
"MILF, eh?" He mused. "Does your husband know you are here?"
"No, not really." I answered.
"No, of course not." He replied and started circling me. "So, why are you here?"
"Your sister brought me here." I answered truthfully.
"That's not what I meant." He said from behind me, his breath hot on my neck. "Why aren't you at home with your husband?"
I knew what he wanted to hear, and what Tara wanted me to tell him. "He doesn't satisfy me." I said.
Tommy moved to my left. "In what way doesn't he satisfy you?" He pressed, leaning in close.
"Sexually." I whispered.
"What did you say?"
"Sexually." I repeated louder.
"That's what I thought." He was back in front of me, smiling wickedly. "So, you are looking for excitement, sexual satisfaction?"
I nodded, not sure of my voice at that point.
"If that's so, then show me your tits. Or at least the rest of them." He snickered.
I removed the tiny white bikini top and handed it to him. He gazed at my tits, the nipples once again like chiseled points, and smiled his approval. I was starting to get used to men doing that. Was that wrong?
"Yours sis?" He asked as he threw the bikini top in Tara's direction. She just smiled and caught it. "Nice tits for a mommy." Tommy stated, then looked me in the eye. "So, does your husband have a big cock?"
"No." I answered. "It's kind of small."
"Well, then little slut, you are in for a treat." He boasted. "Check out what I have in my shorts."
With trembling hands I pulled out the waistband of his shorts and reached inside. His cock was only half hard, but it was already quite large. It continued to grow as I held it, first with one hand and then both. This was truly the largest cock I had ever held. It was at least half again as long and thick as my husbands. He must have sensed my amazement.
"Yeah, that's usually the first reaction." Tommy chuckled. "But trust me; there's more."
He put his hand on the back of my head and slowly pushed me down until I was on my knees and my face was inches from his monstrous, engorged dick. I opened my mouth as far as I could and felt it slide past my lips as he continued to put downward pressure on my head. When his cock had gone as far as I could take it I pushed back and he relented. I was glad that he had not kept pressing down because I had only deep throated for the first time that day, and Tommy's cock was much larger than Chads.
"So, what do you think?" Tara asked from behind him.
"Hmmm, not bad, not bad at all." He moaned.
"So where's Sam?" Chad inquired as if he and Tommy were just having a nice conversation over a beer.
"Ugh. Out. Shopping I think." Tommy managed to answer.
I wondered who Sam was and whether he would return in time to have sex with me as well. I continued to work Tommy's cock with my tongue and lips. As my saliva started running down the lower half of his cock I began pumping it with my hand. My mouth was opened all the way and my jaw muscles started hurting after a while, so I pulled his cock completely out so I could get some relief. He must have seen me wincing as I closed my mouth and worked my lower jaw back a forth a few times.
"I was wondering how long you'd last." He chuckled. "Not too bad for your first try; you just need more practice. But not right now, come here." He commented as he pulled me to my feet and let me to the sliding glass door leading out to the balcony. He opened the door and pushed me through the threshold and up against the heavy railing. Once again I was exposed in public and waiting to get fucked by a strange man.
Tommy pushed on my back, leaning me over he railing. Although I am not normally afraid of heights and the railing was quite sturdy, this still position still made me feel a bit uneasy so I gripped the top of the railing tightly with both hands. This also left my tits hanging out over the balcony leaving anyone below with a great view. I closed my eyes; I didn't want to know if anybody was watching. He slid his hands over my ass, cupping both cheeks and giving them a squeeze.
"I love the public exposure, don't you?" He asked as he licked his way down my spine. The sensation was powerful, almost like static electricity ticking it's way down my back.
"Yes." I moaned, not knowing or caring too much at this point what the truth was.
When he reached my ass he ran his tongue between my cheeks as he toyed with the ties holding my bottoms on. He kept running his tongue between my cheeks and planting little kisses on them. It distracted me so much that I didn't even notice he had untied the bows holding the little bikini bottoms together until he was pulling them off.
Even as he continued to his oral assault on my ass he reached under me and ran his hand over my wet pussy. I jumped a little when he rubbed my clit. I was hot and ready to be fucked, but he played with me for a while more. I think he enjoyed making me wait.
When he finally stood up I knew it was time for the main event. Even though I was expecting it I gasped as he pushed the head of his huge cock into my hot dripping hole from behind. It was so big! Even just the head was almost too much. He seemed to know that I needed time to adjust to him because he just held it there for a while and then pulled out. Then he pushed it back in, but advance a little further this time. Again he paused for a bit before pulling all the way out. He repeated this several more times before I felt him bumping up against my cervix and let out a yelp.
"Ouch, that's all I can take." I whimpered.
"Don't worry, most women can't take all of me. It's the price I pay for my gift." He told me. "Actually you've taken more that I thought you would."
I was wondering what 'gift' he was talking about because his size was the problem, but I didn't have much time to ponder that because he started seriously fucking me. I had to admit that his cock felt very good as it slid in and out of me. It was really hitting my g-spot just right and I could feel my climax building. I heard voices from below us and I opened my eyes just enough to see that a couple on the sidewalk below looking up at us and pointing. I wasn't sure what they were saying, but I could guess. I shut my eyes tightly again, the embarrassment too much for me. The heat rising in my face as I blushed seemed matched by the heat building in my pussy.
Then he reached around and started flicking and rubbing my clit with his finger. He carefully controlled his thrusting so that he didn't bottom out in me too much, but it was still enough to make my tits swing and jiggle as they hung down over the railing. I heard more voices below, but I couldn't look again. It sounded like more than one couple now. How many would watch me get fucked as my tits jiggled and swung in plain sight?
At this last thought I came suddenly and hard. As the pleasure was washing over me I opened my eyes and saw a small crowd of about seven or eight people on the sidewalk and street below. As my climax subsided Tommy bellowed he was cumming and held me motionless, fully impaled on his cock as it spasmed and spewed his semen deep into me. The crowd clapped. I was mortified, but still still incredibly turned on. Tommy relaxed, backed out of me and stepped away. I turned around to see him sitting on a patio chair.
"Just give me a minute or two to recover. Then we can continue. I'm not done with you yet."
That's when I noticed that he had not gotten soft yet; his cock was just as hard as when we had started. I'd never known a man that didn't get at least partly soft after his orgasm. I looked at him in mild surprise.
"Yes, now you understand, don't you. You understand my gift." He said.
"You don't go soft?" I asked quietly.
"Not unless I want it to." He answered with a wolfish grin.
Then I remembered that Chad and Tara where there, watching and recording everything. For some reason that felt more perverted than me having sex with a complete stranger on his apartment balcony while people watched from below.
"Hey Sis," Tommy looked past me, "is she any good at pussy licking?"
"Not too bad, but she could use some practice." Was the answer from behind me.
"That sounds like a good idea." Tommy said to Tara and looked back to me. "Let's get back inside."
We went back inside and Tommy had me lay down on the floor on my back as Tara nonchalantly pulled off all her clothes in front of her brother. This shocked me a little, but this seemed to be the day for shocking experiences. Tara put her knees on either side of my head and lowered her sex onto my face. I knew what I had to do and started licking her and sucking her clit. Soon I felt her doing the same to me. It felt good but I missed Tommy's cock in my pussy, I'm ashamed to admit.
Suddenly I saw a hard dick approaching Tara's entrance. From the size I knew it was Chad's, but of course it had to be Chad's. He started fucking Tara, his balls slapping against my face. This was a very weird situation for me and as I was trying to adjust to it I felt a cock press into the entrance of my hot cunt. Yes, it was Tommy, come to fill me up again. It felt good as he slowly fucked me, and then I felt Tara's tongue dart around my entrance and I could have swore that she was licking her brother's cock at the same time!
This send a jolt right through me. This was just too kinky for me to assimilate. As this continued I could almost see in my mind Tara's tongue licking her brother's shaft as it glided in and out of my pussy. As perverted and wrong as this was it ignited a new fire in my belly that I couldn't stop. As I became more and more turned on I started licking Chad's cock too, just like I could feel Tara was doing to Tommy.
"Hey Chad, let's switch." Tommy offered.
"OK." Chad replied cheerfully, "I'd like a shot at the slut's cunt."
Now I was really in shock. Was Tommy really going to fuck his own sister? My silent question was answered when his huge shiny cock, wet with my juices, slowly disappeared into Tara's well-lubricated hole. I should have been disgusted, and a small corner of my mind was, but my passion spiraled out of control at the sight of it. I started licking and sucking on Tara's pussy with wild abandon as my climax neared. I began shaking as the pleasure center in my brain started to overload, and yet I still did not cum. I felt Chad pumping me for all he was worth and Tara lashing my clit wildly. Still I didn't cum. I felt like every nerve ending in my body was on fire as I watched Tommy's cock slamming in and out of his sister's pussy. HIS SISTER!
My orgasm exploded, radiating from my pussy and spreading though my entire being. It washed over me again and again, causing my body to spasm almost continually. Tara was mashing her sex down into my face and I kept trying to pleasure her, but it was difficult to do with my own orgasms coming one on top of the next. Finally Tara came in a screaming, trembling climax of her own and Chad pumped his seed into my quivering pussy. I don't think Tommy came again, but he withdrew from his sister anyway. Tara lay still on me, totally spent for the moment.
"Can anybody join this party?" I heard a new voice ask. I opened my eyes to the sight of a young woman standing nearby. She was cute, about five-seven with long copper-brown hair and B-cup sized tits. I know this because she had her shirt lifted up and was playing with a nipple while her other hand was down her shorts.
"Hey Sam." Tara sighed contentedly. "Sure, you can play with our new toy too."
End of part 2 of Sherry's account.
Once again my wife paused in her retelling of the day's events. This time I think she was overtaken by the emotions of the memories, reliving the events as she related them to me. I simply held her hand and waited as she sipped her drink. I noticed that she was looking down at my crotch and the obvious bulge there.
"I'm sorry." I stammered. "I don't know why it's doing that."
"I know why it's doing that, you silly man." She said playfully. "I'm telling you a very erotic story. Of course it's going to have that effect. I'd worry about you if it didn't."
At that moment my respect for my wife grew immensely. Then she reached out, unzipped and unbuckled my pants, and fished out my erection.
"Here, this will give me something to play with while I tell you about the rest of the day." She said.
Who was I to argue with that logic?
*
Continued in the next chapter.