Please note, this is a true story. However, I've changed the names, ages, occupations and places to protect the other person's privacy. I have no shame so enjoy, LOL.
..................................................
Pam: The Thrill of Getting Caught 4
We get caught on purpose! (The Power Exchange, San Francisco)
Saturday night of course was one of the busiest nights at a well-known sex club called "The Power Exchange". The sex club has moved around to multiple physical locations over the years. Although swingers would visit this place, it was not considered a typical lifestyle venue. It also had some different policies then typical swingers clubs. The main rule all places had was, "No means no".
At this time period we are at the 3 level space that was on Otis street in San Francisco, CA. At one point I heard there was a 4th level but I never saw it. This sex club has moved to 3 different locations in a 10 year span. The first 2 levels had one for gay men and the other for trans. Level 3 was the primary level where couples and single women were allowed. This level was the area we were this story takes places.
We both enter the sex club around 1030pm. There was a good amount of people, probably about 80ish attendees. Walking around you can see people dressed in attire from conservative all the way down to fully nude. Men and women wearing suits, leather gear, fetish clothing and more day to day clothing. There was no dress code on this evening. And some people who dress conservatively and change into most risqué attire as the night went on.
I walk Pam around and give her a tour of this unique space. There is a large dimly lighted main lobby/open den type room where you entered into from the stairwell. When people were not inside a theme room they would chill in this area with multiple benches and seats along the walls. There are several theme rooms with sex specific furniture. This was home to some good memories for me and the people I've come here with.
Pam and I have been seeing each other non-exclusively for just over a month now. She was a 31 year old admin manager and about 4 years older than me. Pam stood approximately 5'6 with long straight brunette hair. Sporting a nice perky 32C chest and a small yet round rear. Although Pam was not the timid type she was also not expecting nor used to indulging into the more extreme level of exhibitionism as I was.
Pam was dressed in all black. She had on a trench coat that went down to her mid-thigh. It was covering a lace night gown with a tiny thong and leather boots underneath. I was wearing a black blazer, white button up shirt without the tie and black pants. We did have some "accessories" with us in Pam's small cross body bag. We want to look conservative going in and unravel ourselves while inside.
As I was showing Pam around we stumble upon a couple in one of the theme rooms with a giant 4 post bed. A crowd had gathered and there was maybe 25 people watching them go at it. The couple consists of a light skinned, very hairy 6 foot man with a beer belly and a BBW woman with blonde curly hair. Let's call them Ron and Rhonda. Their sexual confidence was strong and they were putting on one helluva show.
Over the years a common misconception I've heard a lot is that at sex and swingers clubs it's an orgy full of porn stars. And all the females look like the Baywatch Pamela Anderson type and perfectly sculpted male muscular gladiators with only 9's and 10's allowed in there. Now there are some private groups and clubs that may have those requirements where you have to send a photo for "approval". Basically if your attractive enough they let you in. But those are few and far between. Valuing different looks, shapes and sizes is a benefit to any club.
This couple was performing a sex act that would make many envious. Rhonda was on her back with her legs spread wide. Her knees were bent, feet flat on the bed and her hips were close to the edge of the bed. Ron was in between her legs with a very strong phallic vibrator. Using his right hand, he was fucking her with it. His left hand slapping her breasts with an all-black flogger. The loud sounds of the slaps and her moans echo in the tall ceiling room.
We arrive just before her climax. Rhonda yells out, "Now!" Ron aggressively pulls out the vibrator and she launches her water everywhere. That's right this woman put on a squirting show. She shot a long stream that went about 5 feet and hit the side wall. Some spectators were also hit with her water but no one seemed to mind.
We overhear someone saying that was the 3rd time she launched her water already. Which made sense as the beds sheets and their towels looked like they had been soaked. Talk about some interesting timing. Both of us are hoping for more exciting performances from them. This couple was the epitome of exhibitionists.
Ron gives her a bottle of water and lets her relax for a few before they were going to do some more. On the side of the bed there was a black gym bag with supplies like sheets, towels, water and much more. They didn't work as a hired performer; some places will do that. These 2 were just a random couple that liked performing and being watched. It's great seeing people being free and feeling free to be themselves.
Several minutes later Rhonda was ready for her next round of fun. Ron waves over a short haired blonde woman to assist. I didn't know if they knew her or if she was a random spectator. As if she was audience participant pulled out of the crowd like at an improv show. He hands her a small wooden stick. At the top of the stick appears to be a silicone dildo attached to it. Ron instructs this "assistant" to start ramming it in and out of her pussy.
Then Ron grabs the flogger and in a downward motion begins to spank the top of her pussy. It was like a coordinated assault onto her sensitive area. The dildo is being shoved recklessly in and out. Ron using the flogger to firmly spank that pussy, using very specific strikes. He was watching her face to see if he needs to bring up or down the level of strength he needs to use.
Rhonda is screaming in ecstasy. I could tell with each smack; it must have hurt but she also derived so much pleasure from it as well. From our angle we could see a very devious yet determined smile on the assistant's face. She was enjoying this as well but in a different way. She was determined to assist in Rhonda's next big climax.
Pam feeling very naughty pulls my cock through my pants. Fortunately, the fly had soft buttons. Soon my hard cock and entire ball sack was through the fly. Her left hand wraps around my back and her right hand around my shaft. I was on full display and loving it. I knew I wouldn't last very long with all the visual and physical stimulation surrounding us.
We both continue to watch the show while she was trying to get me off. There were others in the crowd watching also with their cocks in their hand or someone else had their hand on it. You could tell many were turned on by this exciting show. You could feel the lust coursing through everyone's veins. This couple performing would be responsible for so many orgasms and memories tonight.
When Rhonda yells out again, "Now!" The assistant pulls out the stick and Ron hits her pussy at an upward angle this time. Her juices launches outward again. But this time the assistant moves right in front of the stream and let it hit her body. She had been wearing a black V-neck top. Covering her in Rhonda's love juices.
The assistant takes off her shirt and yells out in quite the excitement. Then she twirls the shirt over her head in a circular motion. Acting as she was a groupie at a concert. It was obvious what just occurred and how she responded, this was a more than a thrilling moment for her. Like she was breaking the bonds of sexual repression. Breaking free and feeling as if she could fully let loose.
What a spectacular performance they had all put on. Even though we had only seen only a part of it, both of us were very impressed. The sheer sexual confidence they exuded was phenomenal. The way they performed without worry of judgement or being shamed. They were in a safe space and around others who appreciated their desire to be watched.
In the crowd you could hear multiple men including myself grunt and shoot their loads onto the floor. Throughout the night and over the course of their show, one by one at different moments a man would launch their load. Someone would need to grab an employee to get a mop. The floor space in that area would be very wet and sticky. This couple had many people leave the facility felling entertained and satisfied.
Pam continues jerking my cock. Once she's certain my whole load out of cum is out me, she pulls her hand to her mouth. Her tongue starts to lick up all the cum that stayed on her hands while looking right at me. She looks so sexy using her tongue in this manner. Never breaking the carnal eye contact between us. After she finishes cleaning her hand, Pam moves forward to kiss me.
As I was going to close my eyes and fall into the embrace, I see a shorter dirty blonde haired woman. She was standing all by herself about 7 feet away. Just intently watching and enjoying the show. She was on the slimmer side with a dark grey dress with spaghetti straps. One of her straps was lowered with one of her luscious breasts pulled out of her dress. Her right breast was pierced with a small horizontal metal bar through the nipple.
She licks her fingers and slowly runs them over her sexy pierced nipple. Her eyes were completely fixated on the performing couple. Waiting to see what they would do next. I stop kissing Pam and turn her to see this sexy woman pleasuring herself. Pam's arousal starts to increase by the second. Pam's eyes lock onto this woman, who is enjoying her own touch.
My arms were around Pam. My lips began kissing her neck. My hands were firmly groping Pam's breasts. Her eyes watching this pierced nipple woman stimulating herself. I could tell she was desiring this woman. Then a sigh of disappointment from Pam, as the woman put her boob away and starts to leave the room. The moment was too short lived but left a strong impact on Pam. She had truly lusted after another woman for the first time in her life.
We gather ourselves and start walking around the facility. Ending up in the room where there is a big wooden X cross. It had round circular metal anchors to lock/tie someone up on each of the four posts. There are a bunch of people just browsing and loitering around. There was also some random chairs and small seats around the room. I lead Pam to the X and she is curiously looking at it.
Well she didn't have to be curious much longer. I pull off her coat. Then pull out some leather wrist cuffs and attach them to her wrists. I grab 2 long zip ties and connect the wrist cuffs to the anchors. She is now standing with her back against the X. I had a pair of nail clippers as they were a safer option to cut the ties. As some places won't allow you to bring scissors or knifes. I had been here before and figured the wrists cuffs on her would need some help getting locked in due to height/length.
With Pam now tied to the X, I spread her legs slightly. I lift up her gown and begin to finger her. Pam was so fucking wet already; I went in with ease. Pam starts moaning. A small crowd starts to come closer to see the action. As more people come, she moans louder. She was getting off on being watched.
This time it was the thrill of performing. Knowing people are watching and you can watch their reactions. I may have been the one fingering her and she was the one on the receiving end. However, I was getting off on the act of pleasuring her. And having people watch as I'm causing her to moan in such a sexual way.
I felt a rush of pride knowing these people will witness Pam climaxing at my hands. She was there for pleasure but also my own gratification of giving her that pleasure in front of an audience. Pam was intoxicated by the moment surrounding her. All those eyes fixated on her. Watching her being tied up and receiving sexual pleasure.
While steadily fingering Pam, a couple behind us moves in for a closer look. Their eyes were fixated on her. This tall 6'1, long legged and exotic looking woman. The olive skin and long dark haired woman was licking her lips while looking at us. We'll call her Calista. I could see from her look she wants Pam!
Standing next to her was a shorter yet rugged looking man. The sturdy looking bald man had one hand gripping at "something" in his crotch area. The other hand rubbing on his nipple through his black short sleeved shirt. He had a hunger in his eyes like he was trying to fuck Pam with those eyes. They had moved closer to just as few feet from us.
I didn't plan on adding more people into our kinky deeds this evening . However, I was not opposed to it either. And given Pam's lustful desire toward the dirty blonde haired woman from the other theme room I knew this was my chance. I could turn this into a group affair. I remove my finger from Pam and wave the tall 6'1 exotic woman with black and red heels over.
I lift up Pam's sexy night gown. Exposing her clean smooth shaved pussy. I invite the Calista over for a closer look. She didn't hesitate. Calista moves right up to Pam's face. Then leans in for a kiss but when Pam moves forward to embrace this woman mouth, she quickly drops to her knees.
The lips on Pam's face was not the lips Calista wanted to engage with. That tease move she just pulled freaking was epic. Making Pam think and desire a kiss on her mouth but instead she heads south. Pam who hasn't kissed another woman before eagerly wants it in this moment. Calista didn't go gentle or start slow. She dove in with a defined purpose.
You could tell from the way she was eating Pam; this woman was adamant in wanting to get Pam off. I look over at the man and he's got his cock in hand. I lower Pam's night gown and bring her left breast into view. Pam was already close to her orgasm. She had been so turned on from the nights festivities. It was like an hour long foreplay of excitement, visual stimulation and now the physical side.
My wet mouth encloses over her nipple. Kissing and licking her. While at the same time Calista was feasting on her pussy. A yell comes from behind us. The bald man was letting loose his fluids onto the floor. Pam let out another moan in response to seeing this.
Pam knew she was the cause of his ejaculation. It created such a wonderful feeling inside of her. Followed by another wonderful feeling as she screams out, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming...." Despite the liquids hitting the woman's face she doesn't let up. Pam's legs and knees were trembling. My mouth never letting up and never stopping its assault on her breast.
Pam's incredible journey with me sexually has taken another big step. Her first experience with a woman and I was not only responsible for it but also here to enjoy it with her. Just then, while continuing to pleasure Pam's breast, Calista moves her mouth off of Pam. Still on her knees she rotates her body toward me. Her hands drop my pants to the ground, releasing my extremely firm rod from its hiding.
With one swift movement her hand wraps around my hard cock. Pam looking down sees and feels this woman's finger moving back up her leg. Then when it reaches it's open destination, the finger goes inside. Now we had this exotic woman making both of us feel wonderful. Her mouth moving on and off my cock with no hands and her finger in Pam was a very steamy sight.
The man had his cock back in his pants, hands on his hips and a big smile on his face. You could tell he enjoys watching. They were a perfect match for us. Pam enjoys being watched and Calista likes being the giver. And I was now enjoying the benefits of her giving. As the blow job she was giving me was dynamite.
My moans and breathing were signaling to Calista I was going to cum. She looks up at me and tells me the moment my load is about to exit the pipe to let her know. I didn't mind she wasn't going to swallow. I lift my mouth off of Pam and want to watch where my cum was going to go. And it was a hot surprise what she actually wants me to do with my cum.
Calista waves the shorter 5'7 bald man over. He gets on his knees next to her. Pam stunned and curious at the same time. She watches intently as the woman pulls her finger out of her. My cock was now being sucked and jerked at the same time. My orgasm is racing for the finish line.
"I'm about to cum." I tell her. Calista moves her mouth off my about to erupt cock. Then she turns her head and points my hard cock toward the bald man. Her hand beings pumping my hard cock faster. My eruption begins and good amount of fluids start exiting my cock.
Many of my fluids land all over his face. And with his mouth open some of my fluids also made its way into there. Calista looks at him sternly then distinctly nods. Signaling to him that it was ok to swallow my load. And just like that my fluids completely disappearing down his throat.
I look down and notice he was wearing a shirt that had the letters, S-L-A-V-E. At first, I wonder why he wasn't wearing a leash. But then again good obedient slaves can follow orders without being on a leash. Pam was in awe at this. She had seen some wild stuff tonight and for her this was the wildest thing she witnessed.
Pam was also very turned on by what just happened. Then to her surprise Calista lifts her up and feeds Pam her cum soaked hand. Pam willingly and eagerly licks that presented to her. After she finishes licking, Pam begins to suck on those fingers as if they were several different cocks. And being the thorough woman she is, Pam also cleans back side of Calista's hand.
After Pam finishes licking clean her hand, Calista kisses her. Watching this happen, I saw this as another opportunity to give Pam another wonderful orgasm. I maneuver my hand in between them. Sliding it under her gown and finding her highly aroused clit. Opening my hand and moving my fingers slightly spread across that clit. Pam is being so overwhelmed by everything happening.
This tall sexy woman was now sensually kissing Pam. I was rapidly moving back and forth over her clit. Pam's body could only take so much. Another night of firsts for her. I love that she is just living in the moment and embracing all that was occurring. Her body fully gave into everything that was happening. And her climax is showing as much.
Pam moans into the woman kissing her. All those fluids were hitting the floor. This exotic woman never let up with her mouth. Their lips entwined together like this is quite the sight. It was like they were making love with their lips in the middle of a place designed for hardcore fucking. I know this moment was more for Pam but damn I want in on the kissing.
Once she moves back from Pam, we all heard an applause and some cheering. I didn't realize how many people had actually been watching us. I swear Calista sensed what I was wanting to kiss her. She moves to me and kisses me in a firm yet brief way. Her lips felt great and I didn't want the kiss to stop.
Calista had added such an extra spark to our already kinky evening. I wanted to thank her by pleasing her. Either it be fucking her with my cock, fingers, mouth or whatever, my desire was to pleasure her. Heck maybe Pam and I could've pleasured her together. But that was not in the cards tonight. Calista ends our kiss, pulls her slave to his feet and they walk towards the door way.
As they start walking out of the room, I untie Pam from the X cross. I look back over towards Calista, hoping they would look back at us and signal for us to follow/join them. Alas they did not. Neither of us saw Calista and her slave the rest of the night. I'm guessing after our encounter they left the facility to who knows where and to do who knows what. Although, I bet whatever they were going to do, it would be hot.
Despite Pam's wobbly knees, she jumps me with her lips. It was more of a thank you kiss then let's fuck again. We gather our clothes and start wandering around the the the area again. With no specific destination, our eyes were hoping to be stimulated again. Unsure of who or what type of scene we would find next. Both of us were now intent on becoming the watchers for the rest of the night instead of being the watched.