The next morning I rose early, or early considering the time we went to bed, and packed up my things. I wanted to be sure that I was up and ready before Victoria and His Lordship made it downstairs; it wouldn't do to have my clients waiting around for me. The staff had laid out everything for breakfast so I helped myself to some muesli, fruit and yoghurt and then went and sat to read the newspaper in the drawing room.
Or at least I tried to read the newspaper, but the events of the previous night kept running around in my mind. I felt that I'd let Victoria down, that something I'd done had led to her returning to her own room that night rather than paying her husband a visit. I was sure now that my job was to try to bring them closer together, and I had failed in that task.
I heard someone moving around in the dining room and decided to remain where I was rather than disturb their breakfast. A short time later Victoria appeared in the doorway and greeted me with a reserved "good morning".
"I wondered who it was," I said with a smile and put the newspaper to one side.
"George was up early," she said, "I think he's out on the estate somewhere."
I did my best to maintain a blank expression but this worried me: if His Lordship hadn't slept well then that wasn't a good sign.
"Do you have any plans for today?" I asked her, but what I really meant was: do you have any plans for me today?
"I'd like your help with something, actually," Victoria said. I responded with an eager expression, as if I had any real choice but to try to please my client. Victoria came over and sat beside me.
"It's George's birthday today," she explained, and this time I couldn't help the surprised expression from showing: how could I not have known that? Because Victoria was my client, of course, and although I had her details ready to spring a surprise at the appropriate time, I hadn't gathered that information for her husband. I could have kicked myself: I was really taking this contract for granted, and if I didn't pick my game up I wouldn't be surprised if it didn't last much longer.
"Anyway," she said, "After last night..." She tailed off, slightly embarrassed as ever whenever we came anywhere near the subject of sex, "After I went to bed. Well... I felt bad. I should have gone to George."
She bit ruefully on her lip and I put a hand on her knee as an offer of support.
"There's always tonight," I said.
"Yes," she said, forcing a smile, "And I'd like your help. To make it special..." She paused again. "To help me to make it special."
I was glad she added that qualifier: I wondered for a second if she wanted me to be more involved than I had been to-date, but it seemed I was to continue to set the mood and then take a step back.
"Gladly," I said, "What sort of thing did you have in mind?" I wanted to know what her plans might be before I suggested anything.
"I've booked a table at a restaurant," she said, and I raised a questioning eyebrow. "For the three of us," she added.
So that answered my question of whether I would be working again tonight. This had been quite an intense session with the couple these past few days already and I would really have welcomed a night off. Still, if our usual system was anything to go by, once I'd done my job for a few days I wouldn't hear from them again for three weeks. And the money was very welcome.
"So..." Victoria tailed off again, obviously looking for me to help from here.
"So you want some help on what to wear?" I suggested and she nodded enthusiastically, although I knew that wasn't the only thing she wanted from me.
"This will be fun," I said, and I half meant it. She welcomed my enthusiasm with a grateful smile, and I could see her relief now that she'd placed responsibility for the evening in my hands.
"Let's take a look through your wardrobe," I said as I stood and Victoria joined me. Suddenly, the confident, sophisticated woman who pretty much paid my bills for me was like a puppy awaiting instructions and approval.
She followed me upstairs into her dressing room and I started looking through the copious designer dresses hanging from the racks.
"I can have the others brought out of storage if you can't find anything," she said.
I couldn't supress a snort of laughter: there must be more than fifty dresses in here, each costing hundreds if not thousands of pounds, and she had more in storage?
"I think I'll be able to find something," I said with an amused smile and Victoria laughed, although I wasn't sure if she knew why. I think it may just have been nerves.
"The most important thing," I said, "Is that you feel sexy all the way through." She blushed and looked down at the ground as I said the word 'sexy'. "So how about this one?"
I pulled out a dark blue cocktail dress with a Queen Anne neckline. I would have loved to have worn it myself and we were so similar in size that I was sure it would fit me.
"Isn't it a bit... short?" she asked.
"Absolutely!" I said with a wink, and she blushed again.
"I'm not sure..."
"Give it a try and let me be the judge," I told her. I felt that she really wanted me to steer the situation and I was emboldened to give her more-or-less direct instructions. She looked doubtful but she began to unbutton her blouse nonetheless.
I had expected her to turn her back, or even to leave the room, but she unfastened one button at a time in silence. A thought suddenly dawned on me that this was theatre for my benefit, to show me that she wasn't embarrassed by her body, as she had seemed every time the issue had come up before. She looked up and saw me following her fingers and I caught a flash in her eye that might have meant something else: was she wondering if I would like what I saw?
With this new realisation I took up my new role in the performance and took a step back to sit in an armchair a few feet across the room. I crossed my legs and sat to watch the slow striptease unfold in front of me.
The final button was unfastened and Victoria pulled the blouse off of her arms and tossed it onto the back of a chair. Without making eye contact, but still very conscious of my gaze, she unbuttoned her grey skirt, slid down the zip and pushed it over her narrow hips to drop to the floor.
She stepped out of it, bent to pick it up and draped it over her blouse. She glanced at me as she stood there in her plain white underwear and I let a trace of a smile play on my lips. I wasn't entirely sure if lust was the emotion she was hoping to see so I didn't want to spoil the scene by over-acting.
She was about to pick up the dress to try it on but I uncrossed my legs and sat forwards to interrupt her.
"Don't you have any better underwear than that?" I asked, and realised by the expression on her face just how blunt the question sounded. "Something a little more... seductive?" I added and she blushed again.
"I might have," she said, and I stood as she turned towards a set of drawers.
"Here," I said, and before she could react I unfastened the back of her bra. I saw her shoulders tense and then felt the stress within her as I brushed the straps down her arms.
"I hadn't noticed that before," I said, and lightly touched the small birthmark on her right shoulder. She turned her head to look at where I was indicating.
"I often cover it with makeup," she said, the tension relieved a little by my everyday observation, "I used to hate it, but now I don't mind." It was a small blemish to bear on a near-perfect body, I thought.
I was going to slip my fingers into her knickers and push those down but given her reaction I dared not go that far, but to my surprise she did the job for me.
I could almost feel the heat radiating from her cheeks. For the first time our roles were almost reversed as she stood there naked with me in a blouse and trousers. If it wasn't for our very unusual relationship this would be a perfectly normal situation for me, to be helping a girlfriend choose what to wear, but the sexual tension was thick in the air.
She pulled the drawer open and began to pull random sets of underwear from within it.
"Here," I said, and I placed my hand on her shoulder. She nearly jumped out of her skin.
"I'll pick out something appropriate," I continued, "And you go and sit over there." I indicated the chair I'd just left with a nod of my head.
She padded barefoot to the chair and sat down, carefully crossing one leg over the other.
I genuinely couldn't help but look her body up and down as she perched uncomfortably on the edge of the chair. She had a fantastic figure, which was as much to say as it was as good as mine. But I knew how hard I worked for mine and I hadn't seen her do much more than walk around the grounds of the estate. Again, I envied her, and then dismissed the thought before any hint of it showed in my expression.
To conceal the thought I smiled at her, simultaneously relieving the mood and, if she were looking for such approval, showing appreciation for her almost flawless body. She sat looking expectantly at me, suddenly lost and more vulnerable than she was used to being; naked and being ordered about by someone at least one social class beneath her.
"What about these?" I asked as I pulled a tiny matching set of black knickers and bra.
Victoria giggled. "I bought those a long time ago," she said, "But I never wore them"
I rolled my eyes theatrically. "Time to get some use out of them," I said and tossed them to her playfully. She caught the bundle of wire and fabric and giggled again.
I leant back against the drawers and crossed my arms as I watched her put on the black lace underwear. It really was gorgeous, and she looked gorgeous wearing it.
"How do I look?" she said as she stood on tiptoes with her arms held out and she gave a half spin from side-to-side.
"Good enough to eat," I said and she blushed again. I realised I was beginning to find the buttons that I could push later on that evening. "I don't think we even need the dress," I said, and pretended to put it back on the hangar.
"Oh, you!" she said, and she bounded towards me to grab it.
"No, we've finished getting you dressed," I said with a laugh and I turned away from her and held the dress out of her reach.
She giggled as she leant into me and reached out for the dress. The lace of her bra pressed against my back and I held the dress at arm's length so she was forced almost to climb over me to reach it. I could feel the flushed warmth of her body through my blouse.
I gave in quickly, not wanting to prolong the game to the point where she started to question what was going on, and when I turned back her face was glowing and her eyes were sparkling. If it had been the plan for the day, if seducing Victoria was something that I needed to achieve, then that would have been the time to do it.
She looked suddenly coy and stared down at the ground.
"And shoes," I said, heading off the silence by changing the subject.
"I have plenty," she said, giggling again and pointing to another cupboard.
I walked over and slid the door open.
"Oh, this is easy," I said, and I pulled out the tallest pair of stilettos that I had seen away from a catwalk. (Although I have a nearly matching pair at home, it has to be said.)
"Can you walk in those?" I asked her.
"I don't know," she replied with a laugh, "I've never tried."
I rolled my eyes again and wondered how much she had spent on unworn clothing over the years.
"Let's hope you're a fast learner." I placed the shoes in front of her. She laid the cocktail dress over her clothes on the back of the chair.
I took Victoria's hand to steady her as she stepped into the stilettos. Normally we are the same height but suddenly she towered above me.
I held onto her hand while she took a few steps around the room. I shouldn't have been surprised that she walked as well as any model I had seen and I remembered that her education had probably covered more than just academic subjects.
"Perfect," I said with a wink, and as she strode back and forth in her underwear she really was as close to perfection as I had seen.
I let go of her hand and took a step back to give her another look up and down. Suddenly Victoria genuinely was much more confident with her body in a way that she had tried to fake at the beginning of this strange performance. She crossed her arms over her chest as she basked in my approval.
"Do you mind," I asked, "If I take a trip home this afternoon?" I detected no signs of disappointment from Victoria in response to my question. "I could do with getting some fresh clothes and I could meet you at the restaurant?"
Victoria smiled and nodded her assent. I took a step towards the doorway.
"Oh," I said as I turned to see her admiring herself in the mirror, "And can you make sure the staff are out of the way for when we get back tonight?"
She raised a questioning eyebrow; I couldn't explain any further as I hadn't really worked out the details, but I felt it would be better if there was no-one around to question the niece cover-story that we had concocted.
As I didn't offer up any more information Victoria just said "sure", and I waved my goodbye and left the room.
It wasn't until I was halfway down the corridor that I realised that she hadn't even got as far as trying the dress on. I had spent the morning watching Victoria wandering around in the nude or modelling seductive underwear, and I had a feeling that that was exactly what she had needed from me. For the first time that day I was satisfied with my work.