This is a continuation of characters in Sunny Surprise.
Enjoy.
*****************************
She loved her Saturdays. They were the one day of the week that she took to pamper herself. Do as she pleased when she pleased.
She had slept in late & already had a leisurely breakfast. Enjoying the fact that there were not deadlines to meet, no phones to answer.
She took a long hot shower, getting lost in the sensation of the hot water hitting her body. She shut down the shower, grabbed a towel & walked into the bedroom.
She had the towel in her hands, drying the ends of her hair when she stopped at the window & looked outside. Her neighbor Judy had stopped by a few days ago to tell her that she & her husband Eddie were going out of town for a few days. Judy said that Donnie, her eighteen year old son, would be staying home. She wanted to leave Donnie a contact in the area "just in case."
"Sure hon, I'm not going anywhere. Tell him to call or stop by if he needs anything." Di replied to her neighbor.
She remembered what it was like having your parents out of town, so it didn't surprise her when she looked into Donnie's yard to see him floating on a raft, naked.
She stood there watching for a moment. Admiring his long legs & arms, a well defined chest, tight abs. She watched as his large hands started stroking his cock. She wondered what he was thinking about. He paddled himself over to the deck & grabbed a bottle of suntan oil. He poured some into his hand, put the bottle down & shared what he had poured in his hand with his other hand. He rubbed the oil over his shoulders, chest, down his abs & thighs. He grabbed the bottle again & poured some oil back into his hand. He put the bottle down & pushed himself back out to the middle of the pool. He started rubbing the oil on his nut sack, coating it with oil. She watched as he formed a circle with his fingers & slid them up & down his cock.
She moaned, almost unaware of what she was doing, her fingers had started exploring her own wetness while watching him. She watched as he started stroking harder, his hand moving faster up & down his long thick shaft. She was matching his pace on her clit.
"Oh yes baby, fuck me. Do it. Cum inside me. Make me scream." she said breathlessly. She was so close to her own orgasm.
He stroked harder, tightening his grip on his cock. He can't believe she's watching him. He can see those beautiful tits bouncing as her hand seems to be moving up & down in their own pursuit of pleasure. He wants to see what she's doing but the window sill is in the way. "That's it baby, fuck that pussy. You want this cock don't you." His breathing quickened. "Fuck me harder. That's it. Oh God yesssssssssssssssssssssss." as he erupted in a long spasm of an orgasm. He seemed to cum more than he ever before.
He looked up at her as he was letting his hand fall into the water. She was licking her fingers & smiling.
"Oh my God that felt good." she thought to herself. "Now this is going to be a fun day."
She decided she was going to spend her day teasing her throbbing clit. Since she couldn't get the image of his cock out of her mind she may as well enjoy it. She went digging through her toy drawer & found her Venus Butterfly. It was an ingenious toy. Shaped like a butterfly with a long body, it had an elasic g-string attached to it. The butterfly sits on her mound & the body slides between her pussy lips & sits directly on her love button. It has a remote to it. The closer the remote, the stronger it vibrates. It had proven to be a wonderful play toy when she turned the remote over to a lover for the day, never knowing when he would turn it on, or how close he would be. She truly loved it.
She slipped on her favorite sheer black top. Thought of putting on some shorts but after looking in the mirror & realizing that the shirt when pulled down came past her ass decided she didn't need shorts on today. Only problem now was were to put the remote. She decided to set it down on the bar in the kitchen & just go about her day.
She spent the day catching up on a few chores. Laundry proved to be a bit more enjoyable. Every time she bent over her butterfly was pulled & rubbed along her clit. She shivered.
She was in the kitchen about to tackle some dishes when she heard the door bell. She peeked through the entry window to see Donnie standing there with an empty cup in his hand, nervously looking over his shoulder.
She slowly opened the door. "Hi Donnie. What can I do for you?"
"I know this sounds really lame, but can I borrow a cup of sugar?" Donnie said with a pained expression on his face.
"Sure youcan. Come on in. I was just doing some dishes." she said as she turned to walk into the kitchen.
As he followed her he noticed the wiggle in her walk. He loved the way those hips moved.
"Have a seat at the bar while I finish the dishes. Then I'll get you some sugar. Would you like a beer?"
"Ah, sure. I'd love one. Just don't tell my mom." he laughed.
She turned to the refrigerator, bent down & got a beer. As she did her shirt rose up & he got a perfect view of her naked ass. She stopped for a moment, purposely pondering the beer selection. Waiting until she heard what she wanted. A slight little moan.
She stood up & turned to give him his beer. "We will let this be our little secret. Here ya go." she smiled.
"Thanks." he said. Trying not to look directly at her because the more he looked at her, the harder his cock got.
He spotted the remote sitting on the bar. He picked it up & looked at it. "What's this?" he asked.
"Oh that's a remote."
"To a toy of some sort?" thinking of the little kids running around the house occasionally.
She laughed. "Yeah something like that."
He put the remote down & took a long swig of beer. He was enjoying just watching the way she moved. He could feel his cock getting harder has he started watching those tits through her shirt. He could see those perfect dark nipples, almost close enough to touch. He felt a twitch in his lap.
She finished the dishes & grabbed a towel.
"Alright, now let's find the sugar." She put the towel down & reached up into the cabinet for the sugar. As she did, her breast slid past her top. When she turned around all he could see was a hard brown nipple waving at him.
She stood there for a moment. Letting him drink the sight in. Not moving. She took a step. Maybe two. Then acted as if she had just noticed that her tit was exposed to the boy.
She looked down & started pulling her shirt back up over her nipple. "Oh I'm sorry."
"No don't please. Leave it out. It's so beautiful." he begged.
His boldness surprised him again. She smiled."Why thank you kind sir. But you may as well see both." She reached up & pulled down the shirt over her other breast.
"Is that better?" she asked standing with the bar between them. Knowing he wanted to reach out & pull on her nipples again.
"God yes." he said as he took another swig of beer.
She stood there for a moment. Her hands moved up to her breasts & caressed them as he watched. She pulled on a nipple. He moaned again. He was shifting on his bar stool. She knew is was probably busting at the seams of his jeans. His cock wanted out. One of his hands slipped below the bar as he watched her. She was watching him.
She suddenly smiled. She had such a wicked idea. She stuck her thumbs into the shirt & slid it down past her hips & it fell to the floor.
"Oh my." he gasped.
From his stool behind the bar, the sink was in the way of his view of his lower half, but he knew she was now standing in front of him completely naked.
"Do you really want to know what this remote is for?" she asked.
He was trying to figure out what a remote control for a toy had to do with the vision in front of him. Shaking his head, "Ah sure, I guess."
She picked up the remote & walked to his side of the bar. As she did he saw the purple butterfly perched on her shaved mound.
"Give me your hand." she said.
Obediently, he gave her his hand. She took it & placed it on the butterfly, positioning one finger on the body that lie between her swollen, wet lips.
"Now, give me your other hand." He did so immediately.
She placed the remote into his hand & laced her fingers in his.
"Now feel the vibration." She lifted their hands above their heads, then brought them down to meet his other hand that was still firmly planted on her butterfly. The vibration got stronger. She moaned.
"Hmmm..must feel awesome." he said.
"Oh you have no idea." she said. "I do love it. Not as much as a tongue but it does in a pinch."
She took the remote from him & stuffed it between the butterfly & her mound. She smiled.
He was amazed at how comfortable she was being naked in front of him.
"You like showing off don't you?" he asked.
"If you mean do I like being an exhibitionist, yes I do. I love being a man's fantasy."
"Well you sure are mine."
"I'm glad. " She walked toward him & took his hand that had been on the butterfly & brought it to her lips. She licked his finger & sucked her juices off from it. She then looked into his eyes & leaned in & kissed him. He could taste her on her lips. God he wanted to fuck her. He ground his hips into her. Pulling her tightly into him.
"Not yet." she said.
Looking outside the sun was just going down. A beautiful sunset. Just enough light.
"Come with me." she said as she walked out the back door to the patio.
"But..."
"Don't worry, just enjoy."
She knew she was naked. She knew there was still enough light for any of her neighbors to be able to see that she was naked. It turned her on no end.
She pulled up one of the deck chairs & made it face the lake. "Sit here." she said. He obeyed.
She grabbed a cushion out of one of the other chairs & placed it between his feet. She knelt down on the cushion & kissed him again.
"Show me that hard cock of yours."
He smiled & unzipped his shorts, freeing his throbbing cock into the early evening air.
"Very nice. Now stroke it for me. Let me see how you please yourself."
He was lost to her. He would do anything she wanted. She was just so damn sexy sitting there naked in front of him. He wrapped his hand around his cock & started stroking.
"Very nice. Now it's my turn." With that she licked her lips & slid her mouth over the top of his cock. Going slowly. Teasing it. Letting him enjoy the sensation of her warm mouth & fingers tightening around his growing cock. Sliding up & down. Going farther down each time. Then finally she deep throated all nine inches of him. He couldn't believe it. None of the girls he went to school with could do that.
"Oh baby keep doing that & I'll cum in your mouth." he moaned.
She came back up & smiled."That's the idea."
She worked hard on his cock, going faster, tightening her grip. Knowing that if her neighbors were watching, they could see her ass moving up & down, her naked back & knowing where she was seated in front of him, they could guess what she was doing. She looked like a woman praying to the alter of his cock. She could feel her butterfly pounding on her clit. It was all intoxicating.
She was close to cuming.
"Oh fuck." he moaned as he pushed her head all the way down on his cock spurting his cum down her throat.
As he did she moaned in her own orgasm. "Yessssssssssssss." she was thinking.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuccccccccccccccck yesssssssssssssssssssssssssss." she heard off in the darkness. And then a moan.
She smiled.