The Sperm Donor

Richard Hatfield, or "Dickey" as his family and friends called him, looked in his bathroom mirror and smiled. What he saw reflected back at him was a young man of thirty-two, with jet-black wavy hair, deep-set eyes of cerulean blue, and a smile that could melt ice. He was the proverbial matinee idol; the physical embodiment of every red-blooded woman's lustful desires; the veritable "god's gift to women" kind of man.
But that was not his only reason to be proud. He had also been blessed with a muscular, 6-foot, 2-inch frame. And the best part of it was, he barely had to touch a set of barbells to maintain it. When his male friends at the gym asked him how he managed to keep himself looking so physically fit with such a minimum amount of effort, he merely replied that it was a combination of favorable genetics along with a penchant for chasing women around town--although it would have been more accurate for him to have said that it wastheywho chasedhim.
If these formidable physical attributes were not enough, he also possessed a great deal of sexual charisma and charm. At a very young age he learned how to use his astonishing good looks to manipulate people--especially women. His two younger stepsisters, his adoring aunts, and a slew of cousins all paid him deference in one way or another. Even his own mother treated him like her prize possession, catering to him to the point that bordered on the obsessive. Any female with whom he came in contact, be it family or the neighbors on his street or his female classmates, universally fell in love with him at first sight. It was almost as if he had become the incarnation of all that was beautiful in human physiognomy; molded into one singular and beatific representation for all lesser mortals to worship.
And there was one other quality that he possessed in abundance: a fertile and brilliant mind. Like his father, who was an eminent research scientist at NASA, he had a great passion for mathematics and astronomy. The study of exobiology, in particular, fascinated him, and he stayed up late most evenings envisioning life on other worlds and what forms they might take. This led him to pursue the Master of Science program at MIT where he graduated summa cum laude with degrees in biology and exobiology. But despite his academic pursuits and the demands it had made upon his time, there was never a shortage of women to fill his life.
It was no wonder that he had more girlfriends than he knew what to do with. Ever since he was old enough to start dating, girls would call him incessantly asking to go out with him; some were even bold enough to show up unannounced at his front door, hopeful just to get a glimpse of him. All this fussing over him proved very dismaying to his parents and sisters, but it was not without its comical overtones.
On one particular evening on his way from the bathroom to his bedroom, he discovered an unsightly lump in his bed. Thinking it was his sister playing a joke on him, he jumped on the bed and playfully grabbed her by the throat only to find himself staring into the horrified eyes of Cindy Wells, the pretty teenage daughter of Jason and Sarah Wells, his next-door neighbors. When questioned as to how she managed to find access to his room, the girl told him that she had snuck into the house during the day and had waited in his closet until bedtime. To his credit, he did not tell either her parents or his parents what had happened, safely escorting her out the back door without anyone noticing. He laughed about it afterward, but it proved to him what lengths the female of the species would go to just to get near him.
All through his twenties he was never found without at least one woman hanging on his arm. For him to be seen unescorted by some beautiful female was almost unheard of, and while many men envied him for his good fortune, many despised him too. To them he was the man who had everything: good looks, splendid physique, brains, charm, and a winning personality that never failed to win people over. The only thing that he did not possess in abundance was money. Although his father earned a good living from his job, his previous marriage, and three children from that marriage, placed a heavy drain on his personal finances in the form of alimony and child support. So, while it looked to the rest of the world as if his family was safely ensconced in the upper-middle-class lifestyle, the truth was that great sacrifices had to be made to maintain that illusion. It was not that they were poor as such, but that they had to struggle to keep up appearances. And it was the constant threat of imminent financial doom that hovered over the family for years, and which remained unresolved long after Dickey had left at the age of twenty-two to live in Boston.
Upon completing his formal education, he found employment at Brigham and Women's, a research hospital conducive to fostering the study and implementation of novel and advanced medical techniques, and which possessed one of the world's most innovative biological research facilities. Dickey's exemplary academic record, along with his father's formidable influence, helped secure him a position as junior research scientist in the hospital. His pay was modest, and although he knew his financial situation would improve over time, he was always seeking ways to supplement his present income, such as doing online editorial work for various science publications or teaching science courses at a local community college.
Over the years had fostered many relationships, both personal and professional. And when he heard from one of his female co-workers that a new adjunct facility, headed by a famous woman biologist from Canada, was shortly going to open its doors, he was one of the first to apply for a job on the staff.
"So, tell me more about this woman, Dr. Fallon LeClair," he asked his co-worker, a pretty, twenty-eight-year-old blonde woman named Melody Shine. "Who is she?"
"She's a geneticist who once worked for Dr. Christiana Swensen at the Swensen Research Clinic in Stockholm," Melody replied. "She helped develop the EJAX-472 serum."
"Holy shit," he exclaimed. "And she's going to head the fertility center here?"
"In two weeks. That's what I heard through the grapevine."
"I put in an application to work for her. I couldn't pass it up."
"I did too!"
"You did?"
"Yes! This morning in fact. You're not the only one who recognizes a great opportunity when they see one."
He clapped his hands together and smiled. "Oh, man! To actually work with someone who helped to develop the world's greatest male fertility drug. Now that's a privilege."
"I think so. I hear that the clinic is going to be staffed exclusively by women, and that all the patients will be women as well."
"That's unusual."
"It's strictly going to operate as a female fertility clinic. From what I've heard, Dr. Fallon is not too enamored of male doctors."
"Why is that?"
"It seems she was indoctrinated into the Swensen mindset: male doctors are jealous; they tend to humiliate and downplay your achievements...and so on. I don't think it's particularly healthy to maintain that doctrine, but I can certainly understand the reason for her antipathy."
He frowned. "Well, I guess that doesn't say much for my chances."
"I wouldn't get my hopes up if I were you. But you never know. With that handsome face of yours she just might make an exception."
A week later Dickey got a call from one of Dr. LeClair's associates, a woman named Sheila Ford, who had formerly been a doctor of internal medicine at Stockholm University and who had worked for Dr. Swensen in a supervisory capacity. She told him that Dr. LeClair had reviewed his resume and credentials and wanted to set up an interview with him.
"We're flying down from Montreal in three days," she told him. "Can you meet with us on Thursday afternoon...say at 3:00 p.m.?"
"No problem," he replied, trying hard to hide his excitement. "Where?"
"Dr. LeClair and I will meet you in her office on the second floor of the clinic. Room 222."
"I'll be there."
She and I look forward to meeting you, Dr. Hatfield."
"As do I."
He hung up the phone and shouted for joy. When he told Melody the news, she congratulated him and then explained that she, too, had been called and that she would be meeting with Dr. LeClair at the conclusion of his interview.
"That's great, Melody!" he said, patting her on the back. Maybe we'll be working together."
She felt his hand slide down until it just touched the top of her ass cheek. "Yes, work together," she replied, moving quickly away. "Not play together."
"What's wrong with playing together? I can take you places you've never been."
"I have a boyfriend, Dickey. You know that."
He looked into her lovely blue eyes and thought how nice it would be to see them aligned with his crotch. "He doesn't have to know anything."
"Oh no," she said, moving off. "That's not going to happen."
"Come on, Melody. You know you like me."
"I like you, Dickey. But I don't care much for your sense of morality."
It was a cutting blow. He had always considered himself to be quite a moral man. It was his sense of morality, after all, that had motivated him to want to help people. But as with most men, his penis had a mind of its own, and when a pretty girl was nearby his penis did funny things like grow hard until it was bulging underneath his pants, just as it was doing now.
"I'm not used to being turned down," he told her flatly.
"I know you're not. I know you could have almost any woman you want. But I love my boyfriend and I intend to remain faithful to him."
He shook his head and laughed. "You don't know what you're missing, Melody."
"I'm not going to become another one of your many conquests. You've already got half of the staff here eating out of your hands and I'm not going be one of them."
"Has it been that many? Well! Ask any one of them if they had a good time. I'll bet you ten to one you won't get a negative answer."
"Forget it, Dickey," she said, emphatically. "Let's just remain friends. Okay?"
"If that's what you want."
"Just consider me the one that got away. Now, I have to get back to work. See you later."
Although disappointed that he was not going to get anywhere with Melody, the prospect of possibly working for Dr. LeClair in an all-female environment made him giddy with delight. If she succumbed to his charm and good looks and hired him, he might conceivably be the only man under her employ. The only man as part of a staff of over a hundred women hovering around the halls of the clinic; an army of medical professionals for him to prey on. It was almost too much to hope for.

************

When Thursday rolled around Dickey was ready and raring to go. He had made sure to wear his best suit and tie and had rehearsed his presentation until he had it down pat. There was no way he was going to ruin this interview; not by word or deed, and certainly not by his appearance. When he left his apartment, he felt so confident that he could envision himself already shaking the hand of Dr. LeClair as she welcomed him as a member of her staff.
He got to the hospital a little before 8:00 a.m. and worked until 2:00 p.m. He hadn't seen Melody all day but ran into her just as he was walking down the corridor to Dr. LeClair's office.
"Good luck, Dickey!" she said as they crossed paths. "I'm praying for you."
"It's in the bag!" he replied, pointing his thumb up in the air.
As he walked down the hall, he couldn't help but notice that the rooms he passed contained only the most modern equipment and décor. Other than a few nurses mulling around the nurses' station, nobody else was there. And then he remembered that the clinic would not officially be open until the following Monday. He imagined what the place would look like with dozens of female patients and staff walking up and down the halls and he smiled to himself.
When he entered Dr. LeClair's office, he found her sitting at her desk in her business attire talking excitedly with Dr. Ford, who was similarly attired and sitting opposite her. They both rose as he entered the room and he greeted both women with a firm handshake and his trademark resplendent smile. They both responded to him like most women did, with a certain nervous excitement and broad smiles.
"It's such a pleasure to meet you, Dr. Hatfield," Dr. LeClair said, motioning for him to sit down next to Dr. Ford. "I hope I didn't cause you any inconvenience by setting up this rather impromptu interview. I know I didn't give you much time."
"I was not inconvenienced at all," he replied in a calm and steady voice as he took his seat next to Dr. Ford.
She gazed at him for a moment before speaking. "I must say that your picture in the hospital staff directory does you absolutely no justice. Don't you agree, Sheila?"
"Oh, without a doubt!" Dr. Ford replied, smiling at him.
"You're a very handsome man, Dr. Hatfield," Dr. LeClair said. "I'm surprised you didn't a find a career in modeling, or in the movies."
"Helping people has always been my prime motivation," he replied, choosing his words carefully.
She smiled. "The mark of a true healer. Tell me, doctor. Why did you apply for this position?"
"Well, as I said, I want to help people."
"But you could do that working at your present job, could you not?"
He gave her a feeble shrug and started to reply before she interrupted him.
"I only ask because you would be working in an all-female environment," she continued. "And I don't anticipate hiring any other male employees beyond yourself. Would that present a problem to you?"
"Not at all, doctor."
"So, I ask again. Why did you apply?"
"I applied because I know of your reputation as a preeminent doctor in the field of fertility science and I wanted to learn from the best."
"So, you came here to help as well as to learn."
"Yes."
She nodded approvingly. "You may have heard that I'm not very fond of male doctors."
"I've heard that."
"Well, it's true. However, I am not a misandrist. I do not hate men."
"I'm glad to hear it doctor."
"If I did live up to the rumors you would not be sitting here right now."
He shook his head. "I understand."
"My colleagues don't share my feelings, but having spent two years in Dr. Swensen's clinic I know whereof I speak."
He continued to shake his head. "Of course."
"You see, Dr. Hatfield, women in the medical sciences have traditionally been patronized, condescended to, and humiliated by the males of their profession. I'm not saying all males, but the greater percentage of them have acted in this way. I've looked at your resume and your work history. I've seen all your letters of recommendation. What they tell me is that you are a dedicated physician who is bright, full of energy, and willing to learn. And the best part is that you have never treated any woman doctor in the way I've just described. That is precisely the kind of person I'm looking for."
He smiled at her, maintaining his composure although he wanted to shout and jump out of his chair. If she only knew the hidden side of his nature--the part that wanted to fondle, caress, and make love to every lovely woman he could get his hands on--she might think differently about him. But he would do his best to keep his secret self locked away in the deep, dark dungeon of his soul, never to be revealed.
"I'll have you know," Dr. Ford said to him, "that Dr. LeClair doesn't lavish compliments upon anyone unless they're well deserved."
"I'm sure of it," he replied.
"And it's even rarer for her to compliment a male."
"Okay, Sheila," Dr. LeClair said. "Let's not make me out to be a man hater."
"I think you've clarified your position, Dr. LeClair," he replied.
"Good, because there is another thing we need to clarify. Your new job does not include a pay raise. You will still be earning the same salary you are now. However, after a one-year probationary period you can expect a substantial increase. Is that acceptable to you?"
He smiled, trying to hide his disappointment. "I guess so. Yes."
"You see, you are simply transferring from one department to another. You job duties will remain pretty much the same so therefore you can't expect..."
"It's okay, Dr. LeClair," he said in a conciliatory tone. "I understand."
She nodded and then looked down at some papers she had lying on her desk. She turned a few pages and then looked up again. "When can you be ready?"
"For what, doctor?" he replied.
"To start work of course."
"Are you saying I have the job?" he asked, hardly believing his good luck.
"That's exactly what I'm saying," she said, standing up. She extended her hand to him. "Welcome aboard, Dr. Hatfield."
He took her hand and shook it vigorously. "Thank you, doctor! This is wonderful!"
He then shook Dr. Ford's hand in turn and smiled at both women before a look of concern came over his face.
"What's wrong, doctor?" Dr. LeClair asked him.
"I think my excitement has gotten the better of me," he replied. "My job. I just can't leave without formal notice."
"All taken of," she said. "Your transition has already been approved."
"It has?"
"I've had it in mind to hire you for a long time. I put the wheels in motion months ago and hoped for the best. It seems my hopes were not in vain."
"Oh, well...in that case. I guess I can begin Monday."
"Excellent! We'll see you then."
He flashed both women his million-dollar smile before saying goodbye and walking out the door; confident, exuberant, and feeling as if he had just won the lottery.

************

Dickey spent the weekend at the race track, hoping to earn some money betting on horses. The money he was earning from online editing and teaching at the community college had long proven insufficient to meet his needs, and since his new job did not involve an increase in salary, he decided to try his luck at the track. He had done this off and on for years, but now it had turned into a bad habit.
The fact of the matter was; he was reckless with money. In order to impress the women, he was seeing, he had purchased an expensive sports car and had bought several expensive Italian suits and dress shoes. He also had a habit of lavishing expensive trinkets on those women whom he favored most, with the end result being that he was now deep in debt. Up to now he had wisely refrained from getting romantically involved with the women he worked with, and had kept his professional and personal life private. The last thing he needed was to be slapped with a lawsuit for sexual harassment. But some of the recent hires within his department had tested the limits of his capacity for restraint; the desires associated with the head between his legs often superseding those of his brain. Fortunately for him, the few women colleagues he did have sex with chose to keep their trysts secret. And he knew he was wasting his time with Melody. But the constant threat of financial ruin had become almost unbearable. He would either have to severely curtail his expenditures--and this meant giving up his sports car, his suits, and any other extravagance--or find himself another way to make some serious money. Luckily, that way presented itself a few days after he had begun his new job working for Dr. LeClair.
He had been sitting in the hospital cafeteria having lunch with Melody and two of the senior nurses, both of whom had just begun working for Dr. LeClair. Annie, a pretty redhead who lived to gossip, broke the news about there being a shortage of sperm donors for those women seeking artificial insemination. Her associate, Ginny, had told him that she had heard the same thing and that the shortage was now growing quite severe.
"I don't know what Dr. LeClair is going to do about it," she told him, "but demand is far exceeding supply. At least that's what I've heard."
"The problem is," Annie added, "is that these women seeking to be artificially inseminated--and their ranks keep growing--is that they're so particular. They've got this laundry list of qualifications that would make your head spin. Not to mention LeClair's own demands. I'm not surprised that they're not meeting their quota. What man could possibly meet all those requirements?"
"What kind of requirements are we talking about?" Melody asked Annie.
"Oh! They're off the charts!"
"Let's start with one."
"Okay. First and foremost, he's got to be handsome."
"That shouldn't be a problem."
"Oh, but it is! These women don't just want a good-looking guy. They want a god!"
Melody pointed to Dickey. "Like him?"
"Well...yes, actually. But Dickey's a doctor--an employee--so he doesn't count."
"Why don't I count?" Dickey asked.
Annie laughed. "Oh, come on! You're not seriously..."
"Just answer the question, Annie. Why don't I count?"
She looked at Ginny with a sheepish expression. "I don't know. I'm simply assuming..."
"What are the other requirements?" Melody asked her.
"He's got to be at least six feet tall or taller."
Again, Melody pointed to Dickey. "He's six feet two."
"And he has to have--and this is the big thing--a brilliant mind."
"I graduated from MIT summa cum laude," Dickey said with a smug grin. "Does that count?"
Annie shrugged. "I don't know. But there was one other thing."
"And what's that?"
"He has to have a nice personality."
Dickey laughed. "That's a character trait, not something inherent in one's DNA!"
"I'm just telling you what I've heard. There are a few other minor things not worth mentioning. But I think you get the idea."
"Well," Melody said to Annie, "the man you've just described is sitting right here."
"Of course!" Ginny exclaimed. "Look at him! He's gorgeous and smart and tall! He'd make a great sperm donor!"
Melody looked at Dickey. "You've been bitching for the longest time that you've been financially under the gun. This might be your answer."
A spark of hope suddenly illuminated the dark landscape of his thoughts. "What kind of money are they offering?" he asked Annie.
"I don't know. But other sperm clinics pay a very hefty price for quality sperm donors. With the shortage of acceptable candidates, I would assume you'd be paid quite handsomely--forgive the pun."
"Oh, give it a shot!" Melody told him. "What have you got to lose?"
"A lot of sperm for sure," Ginny laughed.
"What do you mean?" Dickey asked.
"Well, Brigham and Women's isn't the only deal in town. Some of the other city hospitals are facing shortages too."
"Things are already looking up!" Melody said to him with a big smile.
Annie agreed. "You definitely have something to bargain with, Dickey. I'd talk to LeClair about it."
That evening he went out to dinner with some woman he had met that same day in the hospital. She had come into the hospital with a friend who had suffered a broken ankle. The two of them struck up a conversation and, before he knew it, she was agreeing to go out to dinner with him. After dinner she went back to his apartment and the two of them fucked their brains out. In the morning when he woke up, he found her gone. She had left a note for him on the bathroom mirror with her phone number and the words "call me anytime, handsome" written on it. Try as he might he couldn't remember her name. He laughed, tore the note off the mirror and threw it in the trash can.
During breakfast he took a peek at his bank passbook. What he saw made him cringe. But there it was; a dwindling balance and a savings account that was growing smaller and smaller with each passing day. Something had to be done or he would have to file personal bankruptcy. He threw his account book across the room in anger. It was a mark of the times that a man with his qualifications and position should not be earning a vastly superior sum than what he was currently making. But the economy was in shambles, and the employment picture looked bleak--even for people with his expertise. The only people who were benefitting from the dire economic situation were those sitting at the top: the bankers, the corporations, and the myriad assortment of governmental and private entities that formed the very pinnacle of the social hierarchy. It made him sick to think of how hard he had to struggle to achieve a barely sustainable existence when so many other lesser mortals--rich and powerful as they were--had long stopped worrying about their own secure fates.
"Fuck them!" he cursed aloud. "Fuck them all!"
After he shaved and showered, he drove to work and found a parking spot on the street. It was just 8:00 a.m. He thought of what Annie had told him, and the more he thought about it the more he came to like the idea. He was the perfect choice. There was no way he could be turned down. And then he realized that he had already made up his mind to speak to Dr. LeClair even before he was consciously aware of making the decision. He laughed to himself as he walked down the hall to her office, knowing that she'd already be there.
"Good morning, doctor!" he said, poking his head through the door.
"Is that you, Dickey?" she replied, pleased to see him. "You're early! I thought your shift started at 9:30?"
"It does, but I thought I could have a talk with you before my shift began."
"Of course! Of course!" she said encouragingly. "Please come in and take a seat. Would you like some coffee? It's right here."
"Yes, thank you."
She poured out two cups of coffee and handed one of the cups to him and then sat down behind her desk.
"Okay," she said. "What is it you want to talk with me about?"
He took a sip of coffee and then crossed his legs, trying to look as at ease as possible. "I was talking with Annie and Ginny yesterday during lunch and they mentioned that your department is looking for qualified sperm donors. Is that true?"
"Yes," she replied. "We are looking forqualifiedsperm donors."
Her emphasis on the word "qualified" was unmistakable, but he wasn't in the least bit worried. "May I ask what the hospital intends to pay these donors?"
She gave him an inquisitive look. "Why do you ask?"
"I think I may have a suitable candidate for you," he replied in his most professional manner.
"I see. I suppose Annie told you what the requirements are?"
"She did."
"Do you think your friend can fulfill these requirements?"
"I'm certain of it."
"Then you know that the sperm donor must be extremely handsome. He must have an IQ in the 150 or better range and he must be six feet or taller."
"Yes, that's what Annie told me. She also said that he has to have a 'nice' personality."
She laughed just as he had done when he had heard the same remark. "I think she exaggerated a little bit on that one!"
"Well, my friendisnice," he assured her. "In fact, he's the nicest person I know."
"Really? And may I ask who this person is?"
He gave her his most winning smile. "He's me!"
She stared at him for a few moments and then laughed. "You? You want to be a sperm donor?"
"Is there anything strange about that? I'm handsome, my IQ is 165 and I'm six feet two inches tall." He thought for a moment and then added: "And I'm a pretty nice guy too."
She shook her head. "Of that I have no question."
"So? What more do you need?"
"The client's approval of course."
"Their approval? I thought donations were anonymous?"
"In some cases, yes. But here at Brigham Women's the clients meet with the sperm donor in person to decide whether or not they will accept the donation. In any case, your entire medical history will be made known to them."
"I have to meet with them? There's no way around that?"
"Those are the rules. With most donations no money is involved because theyaredonations. However, the stringent donor requirements we insist upon, and the relative scarcity of donors who can fulfill those requirements, means we have to offer remuneration to those we find acceptable."
"I know I asked this before but how much remuneration?"
"For one ounce of semen we're talking roughly about a thousand dollars."
"That means the client must be paying a lot more."
"Four or five times that amount, actually."
He smiled inwardly. A thousand dollars simply to jerk off into a bottle and have it cryo frozen. That was the kind of work he could do night and day. But the thought that he would have to meet potential clients in person gave him some pause.
"The only reservation I have about this is that I'm a doctor here. I couldn't hide that from a client."
"I was going to ask you about that. You would have to meet each and every client who chooses to be artificially inseminated with your sperm. Your identity, your personal information and medical history will all be made known to them. Is that something you want?"
"I can live with it I suppose."
"There's another thing. Most sperm donors are between the ages of eighteen and thirty. You're thirty-two. Now the threshold where we do not accept sperm donations is set at thirty-five. It doesn't rule you out, but some clients may object on those grounds. You have to be prepared for that."
"Don't you think they'd be happy to have all their requirements met rather than make age an issue?"
"In general? Yes. But it may prove to be a deciding factor in some cases."
The dismal impression he received from looking at the negative balance in his checkbook suddenly flitted across his mind. "I'd like you to consider me for the job."
"There's nothing to consider, Dickey. "You meet all the qualifications and you have no medical issues. I think you will make a perfect candidate."
He breathed a sigh of relief. "So, when do I begin?"
"When was your last physical?"
"Almost a year ago."
She looked down the papers on her desk. "I see you're due for one next month. I guess we can bump it up a few weeks. It's required of all sperm donors that the most current medical history be made available to our clients."
"Is there anything else I need to do?"
"You don't have to do anything--yet. You must remember that we have hundreds of clients and we've just opened our doors. Give me a few weeks to get things in order and then I'll begin arranging interviews."
"That's very accommodating of you, doctor," he smiled.
"Is there anything else on your mind?"
"No. You've answered all my questions."
"Good!" she replied as she rose from her chair. "I hope it all works out for you."
"I'm sure it will," he said as he put the cup of coffee down on her desk and stood up.
The two shook hands.
"Good morning," he said as he turned around and walked gingerly out of the room; a newfound sense of hope filling his heart.

************

For the next two weeks Dickey was flying as high as a kite. He knew that the odds were in his favor; that he might be the only man in the entire city of Boston who could meet the requirements as set by the hospital. Even if there were other men who did live up to those high standards, there couldn't be many of them. Either way, he was going to be raking in the dough, and he imagined the ecstatic feeling of watching his bank balance grow by leaps and bounds.
Knowing that his prospects for monetary gain were now assured, he rewarded himself by buying a brand-new Apple computer, which set him back about seven thousand dollars. It was a frivolous purchase. His old computer was only a few years old and working perfectly. But, in his mind, he figured he deserved it. It was this same attitude of entitlement that compelled him to purchase other high-ticket items like his fancy sports car and more than a dozen expensive Italian suits. But he didn't care. In the end it all would pay for itself. At least that's what he told himself.
When he told Melody and Annie about his good fortune, they congratulated him.
"That's great, Dickey!" Annie told him as the three of them stood talking by the nurses' station. "How is this all going to play out?"
"Well, I got a call from Dr. Ford last night. I have to come in on Friday--that's my day off--to give a sperm sample."
"Oh, that's right. They wouldn't have one, would they?"
"No need for them to have one until now."
"It seems things are moving along pretty fast," Ginny said to him.
"Well, they're not going to put this sample on ice. It's just to check for STDs and motility."
Annie chuckled. "I don't think you have anything to worry about."
"You'd think he would with all the women he's messed around with," Annie observed with a hint of sarcasm.
"Hey Annie," he said. "Anytime you want to get down with me..."
"I'm married with three kids. You're a little late."
He laughed. "I guess I am kind of a Don Juan around here."
"Are you kidding?" she replied, this time making no attempt to hide her sarcasm. "You make Don Juan look like a damn amateur!"
"Well, I'm not so sure..."
"I'm sure," Melody said to him. "Didn't you just tell me yesterday that you've bedded a different woman almost every night for the past week and a half?"
He nodded. "I don't like to brag, but..."
"Did you, or didn't you?" Annie asked him.
"I did. But the ménage a trois that was supposed to happen last night never happened."
"Oh! Poor you!"
"Yeah," Melody said. "Poor Dickey! It must be tough to be tall, dark, and handsome."
"All right girls," he laughed, "that's enough. "We're at work, remember?"
They teased him a little more before returning to their duties, but nothing they said could dampen his spirit.
The next morning, he headed out to the race track after breakfast and spent several hours betting on the horses. He had no luck. Before leaving he blew over eight hundred dollars betting on some long shot that a friend had recommended. Feeling down over the loss of so much money, he decided to head over to the bar across the street from the hospital to drown his sorrows. By the time he left the bar he had consumed several glasses of straight whiskey, a favorite drink of his when he was feeling depressed. Although not quite drunk, he was feeling a bit giddy, and he made his way slowly across the parking lot and into the front entrance of the hospital and then to the lab where he was to provide his sperm sample.
"Hi, Doctor Hatfield!" Ginny said as she passed him in the foyer. "Congratulations on your...you know..." She paused and gave him a coy smile, indicating that she knew what he was about to do.
He waved and offered her a weak smile before entering the main lobby. When he got there, he found the place crowded with scores of women. Some were sitting; most were standing for lack of seats. They were mostly young women in their twenties and early thirties, and they were chatting up a storm. He thought they looked like well-dressed professionals of one kind or another, and as he passed by them, they ceased their chattering and stared at him intently, as if examining some rare and beautiful object under a microscope. The silence was so sudden and palpable that the doctors and nurses in the nearby vicinity paused in their tracks to see what exactly had caused the unexpected phenomenon.
"He's gorgeous!" Dickey heard one woman say to another in a barely concealed voice.
"I think I'm in love!" he heard another exclaim not so softly.
"He can examine me anytime!" another proclaimed.
He nodded and smiled at them as he made his way to the nurses' station and their chatter soon resumed.
"When did the bus let out?" he asked the nurse on duty.
"They didn't come in a bus," she laughed softly. "They're the last of the women who are signing up to be artificially inseminated. You should have seen this place a few hours ago."
"How many women were there?"
"Uh, about two hundred at least."
"All in one day?" he asked, surprised.
"Dr. LeClair decided that it would be a huge time saver to hold a seminar for the purposes of indoctrination instead of meeting with each one individually. That will come later."
"A good idea," he said, sneaking a peek at the women.
"It makes sense. She said it will help to weed out those who are not completely sure that this is the way to go."
He felt a slight tinge of disorientation and grabbed the rim of the desk for support.
"Are you alright?" she asked.
"Ah...yeah. I'm fine," he replied, steadying himself. "It's an old inner ear problem. I think I'd better have it checked."
"I think you'd better, doctor."
He looked at her for a few moments and then smiled. "You know, you're a very lovely woman, Eva. Did anyone ever tell you that?"
"I hear it all the time--from my husband," she replied.
He felt his penis twitch in his pants at the mention that she was married. Married women always presented a challenge to him, and he had, more often than not, managed to entice them into his bed using one kind of line or another.
"Oh," that's right!" he said. "I forgot that you're married. How silly of me!"
She looked at him a little more closely this time. "Have you been drinking, doctor?"
"Me?" he asked. "No! Like I said, I've got this inner ear thing going on. That's all."
She gave him a doubtful glance and made a notation in her notebook before looking at him again.
"How many kids do you have anyway?" he asked.
"Two. Zev and Belinda. They're both married. Melinda has a two-year-old girl."
"So, you're a grandmother?"
"Yes, I am."
"Impossible!"
"I assure you I am."
"But you look so young!"
"I may look young, Dr. Hatfield," she said in a matronly tone, "but I'm old enough to be your mother."
The tent in his pants was now expanding even further. "I like MILFs," he said absentmindedly. "I find women of your age extremely sexy."
"What did you call me?" she asked, thinking she had misheard him.
"I'm sorry..."
"That word you used. What was it?"
"I said I find you to be very sexy."
"No. Before that. You called me a...a MILF! Yes, that was it!"
"Did I say that?" he asked, genuinely confused. "If I did, I only meant it as a compliment."
"What does it mean?"
"Oh, I don't think this is the place..."
"No," she said a little more emphatically. "I want to know."
Despite his giddiness, and now faced with the embarrassing situation of actually telling her the meaning of the acronym, his prick was now standing a full mast. He pressed his body up against the desk hoping that no one would notice him in his aroused state.
"I believe it means...ah...'mother I'd like to..."
"I'd like to what?"
He leaned in towards her and whispered in her ear. "Fuck."
She drew back in surprise and slapped him hard on his hand. "I can't believe what I just heard! I know you have a reputation with women, doctor, but that is just plain vulgar! Shame on you!"
At that moment Sheila appeared at the other end of the nurses' station. She, along with several of the other nurses, heard Eva reprimand Dickey while striking him on the hand.
"Is there a problem here?" she asked the head nurse.
"Dr. Hatfield made a lewd comment which I did not appreciate," Eva replied.
"Is that true, doctor?" she asked him.
"I didn't mean it the way it came across," he replied in an attempt to gloss things over. "It was a poor choice of words."
"It certainly was," Eva said.
"What exactly did he say to you," Sheila asked Eva.
"Please, Dr. Ford. I'd rather not repeat it."
"Infractions of the rules must be reported," Sheila said.
"He used the term 'MILF'. It means..."
"I know what it means." She turned to Dickey. "Is this true? Did you use that term?"
"I suppose I did. But I only meant to compliment her."
She shook her head at him and then grabbed him by the arm and pulled him aside. "What are you doing?" she whispered. "Were you trying to solicit...?" She suddenly stopped talking and inhaled deeply. "Do I smell alcohol on your breath?"
"I had a few drinks. But I assure you I'm not drunk."
"I should hope not. Dr. LeClair is waiting for you. You're late."
"I don't recall having an appointment to give a sperm sample."
"It's not that. She wants you to attend the indoctrination."
"What indoctrination?" He looked at the large group of women who were now heading towards the elevator. "You mean the indoctrination those women are going to?"
"Yes. Doctor LeClair left several messages on your mobile phone earlier today."
"I think there's something wrong with my phone. I'm sorry but I never got them."
It was the first time he had ever lied to a superior. But what could he do? To admit that he had spent the better part of the day at the race track with a quick stopover at the bar would be seen as an act of gross negligence that would certainly not be to his advantage, and might even jeopardize his career.
"Well, you'd better get up there," she said. "The meeting will be taking place in twenty minutes."
He walked briskly down the corridor leading to the employee's elevator and took it to the second floor. When he stepped out of the elevator, he felt a little light-headed and had to stand against the wall until the unpleasant sensation went away. He was grateful that the elevator was in a more remote part of the wing, away from the main thoroughfare. Presently, he began to feel better and made his way to the conference room down the hall where he soon found himself amidst a throng of female bodies headed in the same direction. They eyed him like a piece of meat. They were discreet about if of course, as most women tended to be. But there was no mistaking the fact that they were enamored of his physical beauty and purposely tried to outmaneuver each other just to be close to him.
When he entered the room, he found Dr. LeClair sitting at a long table perpendicular to the room. Filling up the remaining space were rows of chairs, enough to accommodate a few hundred people. Most of the seats were now filled, and there were still women filing in. To the doctor's left sat Melody, and to her right sat none other than the doctor who had invented the EJAX drug: Christiana Swensen. He did a double take when he saw the beautiful Swedish genius, and felt his cock once more twitch in his pants. There were a few other doctors sitting at the table whom he knew only superficially, but he couldn't take his eyes of the tall blonde beauty from Sweden. When Dr. LeClair saw him, she motioned him to come forward and introduced him to the beautiful woman.
"Ah!" she said as he approached. "There you are!"
"My pager is broken. I only found out from Dr. Ford a few minutes ago that you wanted me to attend."
"Yes. Yes. I understand. Dr. Hatfield? May I present Dr. Christiana Swensen."
"Hello, Dr. Swensen," he said, reaching out his hand to shake hers. "It's an honor and a privilege."
Christiana shook his hand firmly. "It's very nice to meet you, Dr. Hatfield."
"Take a seat next to Melody," Dr. LeClair told him. "I want you to get a good idea of what this artificial insemination process is all about."
He turned and stumbled slightly before taking a seat next to his friend.
"Did you win?" she whispered to him.
"I lost eight hundred bucks," he replied.
"I thought so."
"How would you know?"
"You've been drinking. You always drink when you lose."
"I'm not drunk."
"Yes, you are. You don't look it. But you are."
Dickey could never pull one over on her. Somehow, she always knew when he was lying, and it drove him nuts.
"Okay, so I am," he said. "But they'll never know."
"Just don't do anything stupid," she warned him. "I've seen you like this before. I know what you're capable of."
"I'm not going to do anything but sit here and listen to LeClair lecture these very lovely and sperm-hungry females."
"Shush!" she said, pinching his arm. "Watch yourself!"
He chuckled softly. "I'd rather watch her."
"Who?"
"Who do you think?" he replied, craning his head forward to take a peek at the tall blonde doctor on the opposite end of the table.
"She's only going to be here for a week. I wouldn't waste your time."
"I won't need a week," he replied in a supercilious tone.
The meeting began with Dr. LeClair giving a short welcome speech. She then had the women fill out a short questionnaire which one of the staff collected and placed on the desk.
"First of all, I want to thank you for coming," Dr. LeClair told the audience. "I..."
She suddenly turned her head towards the door. "Oh! It's you, Dr. Ford!" she said as Sheila entered the room. "Everybody! This is Dr. Sheila Ford, my colleague."
The audience gave Sheila a courteous round of applause as she took her seat next to Christiana.
"Dr. Ford, Dr. Swensen, and I are currently working on a new female fertility drug to increase chances of conception," she told the audience. "This is still a long way away, but initial testing has proven to be very promising. Meanwhile, the option of artificial insemination is available if you choose to have it. Now this meeting is going to last for about one hour and we'll take a ten-minute break at the half hour and then resume. Are there any questions before we begin?"
An attractive brunette in the front row raised her hand.
"Yes?" Dr. LeClair asked.
"Yes, doctor. I was wondering how soon we'll be able to meet the sperm donors."
"I'm glad you asked that. Dr. Richard Hatfield, the gentleman you see sitting to my right, is the first and, for the moment, our only sperm donor. All of his personal information will be released to each candidate accordingly."
The audience reacted to this news with great joy, and it took a few moments for Dr. LeClair to quell their excitement. Dickey, his well-hidden state of inebriation resulting in a concomitant increase in his sexual desire, felt that familiar sensation in his genitals whenever his lustful impulses took control. The sight of the beautiful Swedish doctor and the veritable sea of attractive women sitting in front of him were driving him to distraction.
"Stand up, Dr. Hatfield," Dr. LeClair said. "Let them take a good look at you."
He slowly rose from his chair, adjusting his white lab coat to hide his erection. The women applauded and cheered, delighting in his masculine beauty.
"He's beautiful!" one woman shouted.
"Yes, he is!" Dr. LeClair agreed. "And he has a nice personality too!"
The audience laughed heartily.
"I take it that Dr. Hatfield has all the necessary qualifications?" a pretty blonde woman asked.
"Yes, he more than meets our requirements in all respects, as you will soon discover for yourselves."
He sat down, thankful that no one noticed that he was as hard as a rock.
For the next half hour Dr. LeClair provided the audience with a great deal of information about artificial insemination. Many questions were asked and she fielded them all with great finesse. At the end of the first half hour a ten-minute break was called and Dickey suddenly found himself in the center of a group of women who seemed anxious to find out more about him.
"So, what's your IQ, doctor?" a woman asked him. "I'll bet it's pretty high."
"Of course, it's high," said another. "He wouldn't have been chosen otherwise."
Doctor LeClair, seeing that he was being besieged, quickly came to his aid.
"Pardon me, ladies," she told them, "but Dr. Hatfield has a lab appointment." She turned to Dickey. "If you'll accompany me, please, doctor."
To the dismay of the crowd, she led Dickey out into the hall and to an adjacent room where Annie and Ginny were waiting.
"What's going on?" he asked the doctor.
"You mean, what's coming off," she smirked.
"Huh?"
"Your sperm sample, Dickey." She paused for a moment and then broke out laughing. "Oh, I forgot! You never got the message! I thought it would be a good idea to get your sample during the break in our meeting. This would save you having to give it during normal working hours."
He looked at Annie and Ginny who were standing nearby. Annie had a small glass beaker in her hand, which he knew was for the purposes of collecting semen. Both girls looked at him with knowing smiles, their faces bright with expectation.
That's very thoughtful of you, doctor," he replied.
"Not at all. My only question is: do you think you'll be able to provide a sample within ten minutes?"
"I don't see why not."
"Good. Then please take off your clothes and get to it."
He began to undo his belt when he noticed that neither she or the other two girls were making any motion to leave the room.
"I don't understand," he said to the doctor.
"What don't you understand?"
"Don't I get any privacy?"
She looked at the two nurses and giggled like a schoolgirl. "Oh, that! I'm afraid your masturbation has to be supervised by a doctor on staff and two nurses. That's hospital policy."
"I've never heard of anything like that," he said, his hands still resting on his belt buckle.
"It's a relatively new rule. We need to ensure that all sperm collected is, in fact, coming from the donors themselves. We can only do this by observation. We also need to ensure that the sperm, once delivered, is not adulterated in any way. It's a very practical approach."
He shook his head. "It may be practical but it's also a bit unnerving."
"Are you concerned that you might not be able to ejaculate with us watching?"
"I'm just not used to having women watch me masturbate. Maybe you could all turn your backs?"
"We can't do that, Dickey. As I said, we have to actually watch the sperm being delivered into the beaker, and only we can handle the beaker."
"If you insist. But I'm not promising anything."
"Try. And if you find that you can't ejaculate, we'll wait for another time."
His prick was still semi-hard, and as he removed his clothing it grew even harder until he was sporting a full hard-on. This surprised him. Although he never had any problem at all disrobing in front of his lovers, to have three clothed women standing around him watching his every movement seemed to present him with a level of sexual excitement he had never before experienced. And as his briefs came down and his eight-inch cock sprang into view, he watched the smiles of delight come over all three women's faces.
"I really don't see much of a problem, Dickey," Dr. LeClair laughed softly.
"It's really big," Annie noted wryly.
"Really big," Ginny chuckled.
"All right ladies," Dr. LeClair said to the two girls. "Let's try to maintain our professionalism here." She turned to Dickey. "Now I want you to begin masturbating. When you're ready to ejaculate, point the tip of your penis into the beaker so that the girls can collect your sperm." She looked at the nurses. "When you've collected the specimen, you can put the beaker into the cryo freezer behind you. Make sure you mark the specimen with all relevant information prior to freezing."
"Yes, doctor," Annie said.
"Anytime you're ready?" the doctor said to him.
With the three women standing on either side of him, he began to stroke his cock; slowly at first, but gradually building up the tempo until he was going at a nice leisurely pace. They watched him jerk off in silent appreciation, big grins on all their faces.
"I've always found it fascinating watching a man masturbate," Dr. LeClair said to the nurses. "Each one has his own distinct style."
"That's so true," Ginny said. "One guy holds it one way, another guy holds it another. It's a lot of fun to watch them."
"My old boyfriend used to like jerking off in front of me all the time," Annie laughed. "He was one horny guy!"
Drops of pre-cum were beginning to form at the opening of his urethra, and the women knew it wouldn't be long before he'd be shooting his load for them.
"You see?" Dr. LeClair exclaimed, pointing to the tip of his prick. "That always gets me excited. That little drop of semen that tells you he's excited and ready to ejaculate." She watched Dickey's pace increase, his hand now flying up and down his pole with alacrity. "How are you doing, Dickey?"
"I could use some extra stimulation," he replied, breathing hard.
"I think you're doing fine by yourself."
"No, I mean it. Maybe one of you could give me a hand."
"Out of the question!" Dr. LeClair said in her most authoritative voice. "That would violate hospital policy."
"Oh, please! Just this once!"
"You know the rules, doctor. We're here to watch and collect the sample, not aid you with your masturbation."
He looked from one woman to the other hoping one of them would lend a hand. When he saw no help forthcoming, he grabbed Annie by the shoulder and drew her closer to him.
"Hey!" she complained, trying to pull away.
"You don't realize how difficult this is for me!" he exclaimed, frantically beating his meat. "You've got to help me!"
"It's against hospital rules!" Dr. LeClair barked. "Now let her go!"
"Please!" he pleaded. "I just need a little stimulation!"
"You've got do it yourself, you dickhead!" Annie yelled, as Dr. LeClair and Ginny helped her break free of his grasp.
At that moment the door suddenly swung open and Sheila, Melody, and Christiana stood in the doorway with their mouths wide open, shocked and fascinated by the strange sight. Behind them stood several of the women attendees, all of them struggling to get a peek inside.
"What the hell is going on here?" Sheila cried out.
"We're trying to get a god-damn sperm sample!" Dr. LeClair replied.
"Well, we could hear your voices all the way down the hall. I thought something was wrong."
Dickey stood there mortified, both of his hands covering his genitals. Strangely enough, the intrusion did nothing to hamper his erection. He was still as hard as a rock.
"Oh, take your hand away, Dickey!" Sheila said. "What do you think you're hiding?"
"Easy for you to say, doctor," he replied with frustration. "You're not the one giving the sample."
"He wants us to help him masturbate," Dr. LeClair said to Sheila. "But I told him it's against the rules. That's what all the fuss was about."
"Absolutely right! It is against the rules."
"Do you hear that, Dickey?" Dr. LeClair said. "You're on your own. Now will you please resume masturbating yourself so we can get that sample and get back to the meeting?"
By now the newcomers had pushed their way further into the room so that he was now surrounded on all sides by women, including more than a dozen of the attendees.
"What is this? A god-damn peep show?" he said to Dr. LeClair. "Can you please tell these women to leave?"
His hands, barely covering the eight-inch piece of meat hanging between his legs, moved upward to hide the tip of his penis, which was now glistening with pre-cum.
"He's right, Fallon," Sheila said. "We're just making him more uncomfortable."
"No, it's okay," Dr. LeClair replied. "He said he needs some extra stimulation. Maybe your presence here will help."
"I don't think so," Dickey said.
"Look at you," she said, pointing to his cock. "You're dripping like a faucet. If you were really turned off, you'd be hiding in the corner. Now get back to work and give us that sample!"
"You're really closer than you think, Dickey," Ginny said, trying to encourage him.
Seeing that he had no choice but to comply with Dr. LeClair's demands, he took his hands away from his cock and the giant shaft sprang into view for all to see. A few complimentary remarks were made by some of the attendees while others couldn't stop themselves from giggling nervously at the sight of his splendid erection.
"You have a very lovely penis, Dr. Hatfield," Christiana told him. "Is this the first time you're masturbating in front of an audience?"
"Well, I can't say it's something I do as part of my regular routine," he shot back.
"Then may I suggest that you resume stroking your penis and, while you do that, I want you to breathe in and out slowly, taking regular breaths."
He gave her a quizzical look. "Oh, so you're going to help me achieve orgasm. Is that it?"
"I've had years of experience in this area, doctor. I know what I'm talking about."
Sheila chuckled. "She's brought more guys to orgasm than you could imagine."
"All within the clinical setting, of course," Christiana added.
"Am I supposed to feel reassured, Dr. Swensen?" he asked, his right hand gently tugging on his prick.
"Just relax and keep stroking. Don't think of anything else except imagining your sperm splashing into the beaker."
"You can do it, Dickey," Melody said. "I know you can."
Annie held up the glass beaker in front of his face. "It's all going to go right in here," she grinned.
The embarrassment he felt at jerking off in front of a few dozen women was overwhelming. It was bad enough to be masturbating for LeClair and the nurses, yet alone before Dr. Swensen and a group of total strangers. Yet there was something about the fact that they were all clothed and he was naked that added a surprisingly kinky dimension to his humiliation. And they all seemed quite eager to stand by and watch him masturbate himself for their enjoyment. Never in his life could he have imagined a more bizarrely erotic situation.
"Keep going, Dickey," Dr. LeClair insisted. "Let's see that sperm!"
"Yes, please hurry it up, Dickey!" Melody said. "We have to get back to the meeting."
He grunted. "Nothing like be pushed to perform!" he replied, his tempo increasing.
"You're doing a fine job," Sheila told him. "I think I'm beginning to see a little pre-ejaculate."
Sure enough, Dickey noticed a tiny blob of semi-clear seminal fluid leaking out of his dick. And the more he stroked himself, the more fluid seeped out.
"It shouldn't be long now," Christiana stated with a certainty born of experience. "He's almost there."
Doctor LeClair, noticing that Annie and Ginny were doing nothing more than watching him jerk off, told them to get the beaker ready.
"And make sure you place it halfway up," she told Ginny, who was actually holding the glass tube. "Otherwise, we're going to have sperm flying everywhere."
"Yes, doctor," the girl replied, moving the beaker into position.
Dickey looked around the room and at all the lovely faces watching him pump his prick. They smiled at him and spoke words of encouragement hoping to help bring him off. And when they noticed that he was nearing orgasm, they moved closer to him, their eyes wide and full of expectation.
"You have a very attractive penis," a pretty brunette said to him.
"Very attractive," another woman said.
"And big!" commented yet another.
He wasn't sure but he thought he heard a woman in the back of the room stifle a moan.
"You're almost there, Dickey!" Melody exclaimed, as she watched the head of his cock transform itself into a bloated purple mushroom. "Do it faster! Faster!"
He was very close now. He could sense that he was on the verge of orgasm. But having so many people watch him jerk off was proving to be a hindrance, despite the fact that it was also very stimulating. He needed a little something more to get him off; a physical connection that would drive him over the edge.
His fist, now traveling at supersonic speed up and down his pre-cum coated shaft, was pointed down halfway into the beaker. Without thinking, he suddenly reached out with his left hand and grabbed the ass of the woman closest to him; a beautiful woman with long black hair and blue eyes who had come to watch him jerk off with her other friends from the meeting.
"What are you doing!" she cried, feeling his fingers close around her soft ass cheeks.
She tried to pull away but he held her in a tight grip, his prick now ready to fire its full supply of cum.
"Let go of me!" the woman exclaimed, "hitting his arm with her purse.
With one violent lurch of her body, she managed to break free of his grasp just as he was beginning to ejaculate. Her movements forced the woman next to her to collide into Dickey even as the first rope of sperm flew up and out of his turgid cock, missing the beaker entirely and splashing right into the astonished face of Dr. LeClair.
"Oh, my God!" Sheila cried. "Fallon! Are you alright?"
But Dr. LeClair didn't have time to answer because the next spurt of Dickey's pecker paste had struck her square of the forehead, portions of it finding a nesting place in her short, brunette hair as the remainder shot up and over the heads of those women who were standing transfixed in the doorway.
"Get the fucking beaker in front of his god-damn cock!" Dr. LeClair yelled at Ginny as she fell back under the liquid assault.
Ginny tried to get the opening of the tube around his prick but to no avail. Everyone was now moving quickly to and fro, frantically trying to avoid getting soaked with Dickey's spunk. Annie tried to help her friend but there were too many people in the room, with everyone jostling to find a less dangerous position from which to watch him shoot off. And Dickey, himself, was completely out of control, mindlessly jerking his immense shaft with a lust inspired by being the object of so much feminine attention.
"Stand back, everybody!" Melody cried as she watched his cock rear back to deliver yet another salvo.
A huge rope of sticky white cream shot up straight into the air and came crashing down on the head of none other than Christiana herself, who had tried unsuccessfully to find a safe spot somewhere in the corner of the room behind Dickey. And then he let loose with a few more blasts, most which splashed into the writhing bodies of the women attendees, who were now rushing to exit the room as fast as they could.
"I don't believe this!" cried one of them as she fled the room in haste.
As his orgasm subsided most of the women attendees had already exited the room and were standing in the hallway chattering like a bunch of excited monkeys. Those who had been hit with his sperm had run down the other end of the hall toward the bathrooms, seeking to clean themselves. Sheila had given towels to both Dr. LeClair and Christiana, who were now standing together helping each other wipe up the residue that still clung to their hair and clothing.
"This is simply unconscionable!" Dr. LeClair roared as Christiana applied a towel to her forehead. "I have never been so humiliated in my life!"
"I'm sorry, Dr. LeClair," Ginny said, the empty beaker still in her hand. "I tried."
"I'm not angry with you," she replied. "I'm angry at him!" She pointed a menacing finger at Dickey and snarled. "You knew to keep your fucking hands to yourself! Yet you went right ahead and fondled that woman!"
"I don't know what came over me," he replied, his cock still dripping cum. "I guess I lost it."
"Oh, you lost it all right! You lost your mind as well as your sperm! And probably you're fucking job!"
"What do you mean?" he asked, quickly pulling up his pants.
"I mean that the woman you assaulted will most likely bring charges against you and you'll lose your license! Not only that, but she could, and most likely will, sue the hospital for gross negligence. And all because you couldn't follow the rules!"
"I think you're overreacting," he said somewhat smugly. "Who the hell issheanyway?"
"Whoisshe? Her name is Estelle Rubinstein, the granddaughter of Helena Rubinstein, the famous cosmetic entrepreneur and one of the richest women in the world. Her grandmother was a philanthropist who gave this hospital millions of dollars. That's who she is!"
"Good for her!" he replied, with an arrogant sneer. "So, I touched her ass in the heat of passion. She probably enjoyed it."
"What the hell is wrong with you," Dickey?" Melody asked.
"Yeah," Sheila said. "What's your problem?"
"I don't have a problem," he snapped. "I tried to give you a sperm sample--under duress I might add--and I touched some bitch on the ass and everybody went crazy. If those women hadn't closed in on me like a bunch of fucking voyeurs none of this would have happened."
Christiana, having wiped away the last traces of sperm from her hair and clothing, threw her towel in Dickey's face. "Don't blame anyone but yourself, Dr. Hatfield. You know better than to touch a patient--or in this case, a potential client--in a way that could be construed as salacious without their permission."
"I know. I know," he whined. "But you saw me. I went berserk for a minute. Having all those women watch me beat off..."
"Does not excuse you," Dr. LeClair said, emphatically.
"No, it does not," Sheila told him. "Christiana and I worked together for many years experimenting with the EJAX drug and we had many men come and go at her clinic. And never once in all that time, did we take any liberties with our patients. Everything was on the up and up--it was all legal and safe."
"Oh, come on, doctor!" he scoffed. "You can't tell me that you didn't take liberties. In your line of work, it's almost a given that you're going to infringe upon somebody's sense of decorum."
"Believe it or not," Christiana said to him, "the only time such a thing occurred was with a man who was emotionally unstable. Beyond that, we never had a problem with any of our patients."
"So, you say," he replied, buckling his belt. "But I'd like to hear it from the patients themselves."
Suddenly a huge commotion was heard out in the hallway, and the sound of many angry voices came rushing in through the half open door.
"What the fuck is going on around here?" Dr. LeClair exclaimed.
As she opened the door, she was rudely pushed aside by the beautiful brunette whom Dickey had so rudely manhandled. Behind her stood a crowd of angry women, all of them struggling to get into the room to take a look at the man who had groped her.
"You!" Estelle exclaimed, pointing to Dickey. "I am going to sue your ass!"
Doctor LeClair quickly positioned herself between the doctor and the angry woman. "Wait a minute, Estelle..."
"Don't tell me to wait a minute, Fallon," she replied hotly. "You saw what he did. Everybody saw what he did. Don't try to deny it."
"I am not denying it. He was wrong to touch you."
"I don't need you to defend me, Dr. LeClair," Dickey said, pushing her aside to face Estelle directly. "I can handle her."
Estelle laughed in his face. "You can handle me? That's rich! You know, Dr. Hatfield...what's your first name? Dickey, is it?"
"That's right."
"You know, Dickey, you may think you're God's gift to women, but that doesn't give you the right to shove your fucking finger up my ass!"
"I told you it was an accident. I temporarily lost control and under all the stress of trying to give them a sperm sample..."
"Oh, bullshit!" she rasped. "You knew very well what you were doing you...you pervert!"
"I'd pull my funding out of this hospital if I were you, Estelle," said the woman standing next to her. "If they can hire people like him..."
"Hold on a minute," Dr. LeClair said, trying to remain calm. "We're all getting hysterical over nothing."
"Over nothing?" Estelle roared. "Is that what you call sexual assault? Nothing?"
"Dr. Hatfield will face disciplinary charges I assure you."
"Disciplinary charges? You mean like having him pay a fine or giving him a slap on the wrist? Oh, no! He's not getting off that easy! I'm going to see to it that his medical license is revoked!"
"You're being unreasonable. Now please calm down."
"Don't tell me to calm down. My body has been violated by this...this man-whore!"
"Hey!" Dickey exclaimed. "Watch your mouth!"
"Or what?" she replied, angrily. "What are you going to do? Shove your finger up my ass again?"
"I just might!"
"Oh, fuck you!" she spat, pushing him away with both hands.
Dickey was furious. He could tolerate most insults, but hearing those dreaded words from a woman's mouth, and feeling they were not deserved, forced him to retaliate in a way he had not expected: he pushed her back.
"Dr. Hatfield!" Sheila cried as Estelle fell back into the crowd and landed on her bottom.
"You asshole!" one of the women attendees screamed at Dickey. "Have you lost your mind?"
"Why did you do that, Dickey?" Melody asked as she helped Estelle to her feet.
Dickey stood there looking dumbfounded, unable to account for his untoward action. Doctor LeClair, having lost any patience she might have once had, walked up to him and slapped him hard across the face.
"You miserable little bastard!" she spat. "After all I tried to do for you! You go and make a mockery of me and my staff and this fine hospital! Do you realize what you've done here?"
He was too proud to show any outward emotion to his being slapped and castigated. But inside he was seething with contempt for the woman he had once considered his colleague and friend. "You can go and fuck yourself too, Fallon," he said coldly. "Now I know where your true loyalties lie."
"You're a disgrace, Dr. Hatfield," Christiana said. "I think you owe Ms. Rubinstein and Dr. LeClair an apology."
"He can apologize all he wants," Estelle replied, still shaken from her ordeal. "It won't to a damn bit of good." She looked at Dickey. "Do you hear me, you dickhead? I have very powerful connections in this city and I will not rest until you're out on the street where you belong."
"This motherfucker needs a damn good thrashing if you ask me!" a woman attendee exclaimed, giving Dickey a threatening look.
"Why don't you shut your trap, you little bitch?" Dickey sneered.
"Enough!" Dr. LeClair cried. "I don't want to hear another word out of your mouth, Dickey!"
"You can shut up too!" he shot back, angrily.
"You see? You see?" Estelle exclaimed. "And this is supposed to be a professional man of medicine! He's nothing more than a scoundrel! A pretty boy with loads of charm and no fucking soul!"
For a moment it appeared as if he were going to strike her, but he wisely lowered his arm to his side.
"He has no respect for anyone!" Estelle continued. "That's obvious." She looked at Dr. LeClair. "I think I'm going to act on my friend's advice and withdraw my funding from this hospital. As of this moment I'm rescinding any grants that might still be in effect."
"You can't do that," Estelle," Dr. LeClair said imploringly. "We depend on that money. You know that."
"I'm sorry, Fallon. I really am. But after what's happened, I can't see any way around it."
"Look at what you've done!" Melody told Dickey. "I'm ashamed of you!"
"You too?" he replied, glaring at her accusingly. "I thought you were on my side?"
"This isn't about taking sides, Dickey," she replied. "It's about doing what's right."
"There's no sense talking to him," Estelle said. "What he needs is to be punished!"
"Like you're going to punish me!" he scoffed. "You women are fucking delusional!"
"Please stop acting like a jerk!" Melody said to him, her voice rising in volume with each syllable.
"Oh, shut up!" he said, pushing her aside.
"Dickey!" she exclaimed.
"I've had enough of you women!" he bellowed. "You're all against me!"
"Dickey, you know that's not true," Annie said.
"It is true, Annie. You're all siding with this Rubinstein bitch!"
"Now I'm a bitch?" Estelle cried. "Oh, this guy is beyond help!"
Ginny now came forward, holding the empty glass beaker in her hand. She looked up at Dickey with her warm, brown eyes and spoke to him as if addressing a child. "You're acting like a real jerk, Dickey. You should do as Dr. Swensen said and apologize--to all of us."
He gently placed both of his hands on her shoulders and looked down into her cute face. "I have nothing to apologize for you stupid little cunt!"
And with that he pushed her down hard onto the floor and made a dash for the door, smashing into everyone he came into contact with. The first person he struck was Estelle, slapping her face so hard that her body was propelled across the room and into a tray of medical equipment, where she fell down screaming in pain onto the floor.
"This fucking guy is nuts!" one woman screamed.
Doctor LeClair was hit next with a solid blow to the midsection that forced her to go flying out the door and into the hallway, where her fall was broken by several women who managed to catch her before she hit the floor. Sheila, too, was felled as she tried in vain to prevent his escape; crying out in pain and holding her stomach where she had been struck by his fist.
"Get him!" someone cried. "Get that fucking son of a bitch! Don't let him escape!"
Dickey was now out the door and fighting his way through a mass of enraged women, all intent on bringing him down. He punched several women in the face and even bit the hand of one who was trying to pull his hair.
"Everybody! Jump on him!" a tall blonde woman screamed as she threw herself at him. "Bring him down!"
The remaining women still inside the conference room came rushing out into the hallway to join their sisters in the melee. Before he knew it, he was being tackled on all sides, like an animal caught in the midst of a pride of hungry lions. The women, by the force of sheer numbers, dragged him kicking and screaming down onto the floor where he was now quite incapacitated.
"Get off me you fucking whores!" he screamed, the combined weight of a dozen women holding him fast.
"You're not going anywhere, you stupid ass!" someone yelled.
Both Estelle and Dr. LeClair were now standing outside in the hallway, watching the incredible scene with utter disbelief. Sheila, still holding her sore stomach, stood next to them, Christiana by her side.
"I am so disgusted," Dr. LeClair said to Sheila, her voice full of bitterness and disillusionment. "Look at him! Look at him! And neither of us saw it coming!"
"That's usually the way it is with psychopaths," Christiana remarked.
Estelle nodded. "You got that right, Dr. Swensen."
"I am so angry, Fallon," Sheila said. "I really want to teach that prick a lesson!"
"I do too," Dr. LeClair agreed. She looked at Christiana. "I have an idea. Do you have any of that EJAX drug with you by any chance?"
"I always care a few samples with me at all times," Christiana replied. "For medical demonstration purposes only of course."
"Of course. Do you think you could make an exception this one time? We still need that sperm sample."
"I think that can be arranged."
Doctor LeClair smiled. "Let's tie him up and bring him into med-lab A. We'll get that sperm sample from him yet!"
"It will have to be via injection. I ran out of pills yesterday."
Sheila laughed. "That's fine, Chrissy! I always thought injections resulted in a greater amount of sperm being produced anyway."
Doctor LeClair turned to Melody. "I want you to stick him in a straightjacket with his arms behind him. Leave his lower body completely naked. Have Annie and Ginny assist you. Get going."
It was with some effort that Melody and the two nurses managed to fit him into the straightjacket. But with the help of Christiana and Sheila, and with some assistance from the attendees, Dickey was effectively immobilized. He cursed them loudly as they thrust his arms into the sleeves of the jacket, even going so far as to threaten them with physical harm.
"I gonna smash your heads together I promise you!" he hollered as they tightened the restraining straps. "I'm gonna crush your fucking skulls! Do you hear me?"
"Shut up, Dickey!" Ginny said. "Just shut up, okay?"
"You traitorous bitch!" he replied. "You betrayed me! You all betrayed me!"
"You betrayed yourself!" Annie rasped. "I don't know why we ever trusted you!"
"I'm not crazy! Let me out of this thing! Let me out!"
Once he was fully strapped in and posed no further threat to anyone, he was dragged into the largest of the three medical labs--large enough to accommodate all two hundred women--and his body was secured to a portable, standing, metal cross by means of Velcro straps. His legs were forced apart and secured in stirrups, exposing his naked lower section for all to see.
"Now that's a sight!" Sheila laughed, enjoying the view of his nude body.
The observation room, otherwise known as "med-lab A," was built like a small auditorium, with seating for over three hundred people. Doctor LeClair told the attendees to sit down as she and her colleagues prepared to administer their special brand of punishment to Dickey, who was now watching with growing fear as a slew of medical gear was being wheeled out onto the floor in front of him.
"What are you going to do to me?" he asked Dr. LeClair.
"You were due for a physical, weren't you?" she replied, as she donned a pair of medical gloves. "Now you're going to get it."
"This is fucking humiliating!" he complained loudly. "In front of all these women?"
"In front of all these women," she answered resolutely.
"Don't do this, Fallon!" he warned. "There will be consequences, I promise you!"
"Threaten me all you like. I don't really care."
"Give the son of a bitch the works, doctor!" Estelle said from her seat in the front row. "I want to see him squirm!"
"Don't worry," Dr. LeClair assured her. "He'll be taught a good lesson!"
Annie and Ginny wheeled him out onto the platform where Dr. LeClair was standing. The two nurses and the doctor stood to his left while Christiana, Sheila, and Melody stood to his right.
"I'm going to give him a physical exam first," Dr. LeClair told the audience. "And then Dr. Swensen will administer the EJAX-472 male fertility drug."
"You're going to shoot me up with that shit?" he cried. "Are you crazy?"
"This time we're going to make sure we get a really good sperm sample from you, Dickey," she replied, as Ginny placed a small plastic cuff on his exposed forefinger. Within a few seconds his pulse rate and blood pressure statistics were displayed on a monitor screen above his head. "Pulse elevated...blood pressure 140 over 90. Considering the stress you're under, that's relatively normal I'd say."
"Oh, come on!" he protested. "Is this really necessary?"
"Yes, it's necessary!" Sheila said to him. "This is what you get for being a schmuck!"
The audience laughed.
"Oh, God!" he moaned. "This is so embarrassing!"
"Grin and bear it you asshole!" Estelle laughed.
Dickey was then subjected to having his ears, eyes, and throat examined, and all the time this was happening the audience was heaping one rude comment upon him after the other, ridiculing him and demeaning him for his unmanly and disgraceful conduct toward them.
"How does it feel to be poked and prodded, doctor?" a woman in the audience asked him. "You do it to us often enough, you son of a bitch!"
Once Dr. LeClair had finished examining his ears, eyes, and throat, she took her stethoscope and listened to his heart from both the front and back of his torso.
"Breathe deeply," she told him.
"This is ridiculous!" he exclaimed.
"Do as I say!"
He reluctantly did as she ordered.
"Again."
Once more he did as he was told. "Please don't tell me you need to take an upper GI," he said to her. "I had one done six months ago."
"No, we won't need to do that," she replied. "However, you have to be tested for STDs."
Dickey's face clouded over. "Oh, man! I forgot about that. And in front of all these women too! Oh, man!"
His whining actually drew cries of derision and laughter from the observers.
"Oh, man!" some woman exclaimed in a mocking voice. "And in front of all these women, too!"
Her comment made everyone laugh.
With Annie and Ginny assisting her, Dr. LeClair took a cotton swab and inserted the tip of it into his urethra and then withdrew it after a few moments. She looked at it and smiled. "You're clean!"
"Of course, I'm clean, you stupid bitch!" he roared. "You're just doing this to demean me!"
She grabbed his jaw in her hand and pulled his head toward him. "You're getting exactly what you deserve! Now let's take a look at that poop shute!"
"You're going to do a colonoscopy?" he squealed almost hysterically.
"No, Dickey. Just a quick exam using the fiber-optic cable. We don't even need to grease you up."
"Is that some new technique, doctor?" Estelle asked.
"In fact, it is," Dr. LeClair replied. "It's less invasive than the traditional method and provides more accurate results."
"I'd like to invade his asshole!" she laughed. "I don't care about the results!"
Dickey watched as the two nurses turned the standing cross around so that his ass was facing the audience. Dr. LeClair then took a very thin but firm optic cable and inserted one end of it into his anus while the other end remained fastened to a small machine operated by Sheila. As the cable was further inserted an image of his insides appeared on the monitor screen.
"Looks like an alien planet!" someone joked.
"That's what the inside of his rectum looks like," Dr. LeClair told the audience.
"That's what the inside of an asshole looks like!" a woman in the back of the room exclaimed.
The audience laughed wildly as the cavernous image of his internal membrane was brought into sharp focus by the tiny lens of the fiber-optic cable.
"This is so degrading!" Dickey wailed as he looked up into the monitor screen and cringed.
"You'll be happy to know that your rectum is clear," Sheila told him.
"The perfect asshole!" Estelle sneered.
"I think we've seen enough," Dr. LeClair told Sheila. "Let's get him ready for that injection now."
The cable was removed and then the two nurses moved the metal cross back into its original position. Dickey was outraged.
"It's bad enough you have to treat me this way! Now you want me to give a sperm sample!"
"That's right, Dickey," Dr. LeClair said. "And this time we're going to get it."
"I refuse to comply," he stated flatly.
"You're not going to have any choice in the matter."
"I highly doubt that."
Christiana laughed. "Do you know anything about EJAX-472, Dr. Hatfield?"
"Enough to know that I don't want to take it. You can't turn me into some kind of freakish sperm fountain!"
"So, you do know about it."
"Of course, I do. Your damn drug should be outlawed."
"It's helped many men achieve a satisfactory sex life."
"It's also caused a lot of weird side effects too--like uncontrolled ejaculations and priapism."
"We have long since corrected for those aberrations."
"That's right," Sheila said. "And we've increased the potency of the drug by a factor of three."
"Don't stand their arguing with him!" Estelle said to the two doctors. "Give him the damn drug!"
"Yeah!" another woman exclaimed. "We want to see him give a sperm sample!"
Doctor LeClair looked at Christiana. "Are you ready to give him the injection?"
"Just give me a moment," Christiana replied.
"I don't believe this!" Dickey moaned. "I just don't believe it!"
Christiana removed a tiny bottle from her purse and laid it on the table next to her. She then removed a syringe and stuck the tip of it into the top of the bottle. When the fluid from the bottle had been extracted into the syringe, she returned the bottle to her purse and held up the syringe so that Dickey could see it. He shook his head from side to side and cursed.
"You can't do this to me!" he cried. "This is completely unethical!"
"Don't you be talking to us about ethics after what you pulled, you little piece of shit!" Estelle exclaimed.
The audience erupted with cheers and applause, drowning out Dickey's moans of despair. Christiana got down on her knees and placed the tip of the syringe against his scrotum. When he saw the needle touch his flesh, he made one last attempt to dissuade her.
"I'll give you the damn sperm sample! Just don't inject me with that stuff!"
"It's too late for that now," she replied. "But there is really no cause for concern. The drug will wear off in about two hours or so and you'll be fine."
"No! No! I don't want it! I don't want it!"
"What's going to happen to him, Dr. Swensen?" a woman in the audience asked.
"Well, first we have to wait about fifteen minutes for the drug to take effect. He will feel a slight tingling sensation in and around his genital area that will grow increasingly energetic. The sensation is not unpleasant but it is somewhat unnerving for the patient. Then his penis will begin to expand with a concomitant expansion of the testicles. The transformation can be quite dramatic."
"Don't do it!" Dickey cried. "I'll resign! I'll do anything you want. Just let me go!"
But his pleas fell on deaf ears.
"Go ahead, doctor," Dr. LeClair said to Christiana. "Proceed!"
"No!" he screamed.
The needle disappeared into the soft flesh of his scrotum as the audience cheered.
"You fucking bitch!" he cried as the drug was injected into his scrotal sac. "I'm going to crush your skull too!"
Christiana wasn't in the least bit intimidated by his threats, and moments later she withdrew the needle and placed it in a biohazard bag which she then threw in the medical waste container. Dickey glared at her red-faced, outraged at being violated by the beautiful and brilliant geneticist.
"I'm going to get you, Dr. Swensen!" he said with all the hate he could muster. "You and LeClair and Ford and even you too Melody! I'm going to crush your skulls with my bare hands and laugh as I watch you die!"
His threat sounded so crazed it was laughable.
"You're such a drama queen, Dickey!" Melody laughed. "It's far more likely that you're going to be spending a good deal of time in jail after what you did."
"Damn right!" Estelle exclaimed. "I'll make sure of that!"
"You can all go to hell!" he roared.
This only made the audience scorn him even more.
As the minutes ticked by the women in the crowd began to taunt the unfortunate man in the straightjacket. They called him every vile name in the book, and he responded with a flurry of vile epithets of his own. His most vicious invective was reserved for Estelle, whom he saw as some wealthy and privileged elite; a selfish and proud woman who was used to getting her own way. But Dr. LeClair didn't fare much better. To him, her betrayal of him was in some ways even worse that Estelle's vindictive desire to end his career.
But most disturbing of all was Melody's unexpected and bewildering defection. He had always seen her as a trusted friend, and now he found that he hated her just as much as any of the others. Even Annie and Ginny were not spared his condemnation. Some part of him realized, much to his chagrin, that women--all women--were sisters under the skin, and they would unite together despite all their personal and sundry differences to defend each other from any perceived foe. And there was no doubt in his mind that he had now become their nemesis.
It was now approaching the fifteen-minute mark, and as Dickey watched the numbers on the digital clock resting on the table pass that point, he laughed aloud.
"It doesn't look like your fabled drug is going to work on me," he announced to Christiana with smug satisfaction. "I don't even feel the slightest tingle in my genitalia."
"The drug doesn't always work as precisely as we'd wish," she replied. "Its effects vary from person to person. But I can assure you that it will work--and very soon."
"Well, wouldn't you look the fool if it didn't!"
Another two minutes passed and the drug had still not taken effect.
"Something should be happening at this point," Sheila said to her friend. "How much of a dosage did you give him?"
"Two ccs."
"I don't understand it."
Dickey saw their displeasure and it made him laugh with joy. "You bitches thought you were going to turn me into a freak! Well, the laughs are on you! Now get me out of this straightjacket!"
The women ignored him.
"Is there something wrong, Christiana?" Dr. LeClair asked.
"No, I don't think so. His metabolism may be the cause of the delayed reaction. Let's give it a few more minutes."
A few more minutes passed and Dickey's genitals still stubbornly refused to respond to the drug.
"Oh, poor Dr. Swensen!" he said mockingly. "Her miracle drug is not so miraculous after all! Boo! Hoo!"
"I don't understand this, Chrissy," Sheila said. "It's always worked."
"Well, it's not going to work with me!" he bragged. "I'm the one in control! Not your stupid drug!"
The women in the audience were severely disappointed. A few started to leave.
"Please don't go just yet!" Dr. LeClair urged them. "Another few minutes please!"
"Nothing is happening," a stout blonde woman replied. "You certainly can see that."
"Another minute. Just give it another minute!"
Dickey was now beside himself with laughter. "I can't tell you all how fucking great this feels! You did your best to humiliate me, but the jokes on you! Ha! Ha! The jokes on..."
Dickey's voice suddenly fell silent. He looked down at his cock and felt some strange force acting upon it; a powerful but invisible force that was causing his cock to twitch under its own volition. And along with this twitching sensation came the eerie but incredibly sensuous tingling feeling that permeated the area in and around his genitals. The doctors and nurses saw it too, and as the realization kicked in that the drug was finally beginning to take effect, the entire audience erupted with shouts of joy.
"It's growing!" Estelle cried. "Look! Look!"
There was no place else to look. His penis, now under the influence of EJAX-472, began to slowly grow larger, and as it did so it coiled upward like a snake, its purple crown first by passing his belly button and then ascending until it was on an equal plane with his tits.
Jesus Christ!" he cried. "What the hell is happening to me?"
The audience, held completely spellbound by the spectacle, at first stared in collective wonderment at seeing his eight-inch prick reach its heightened dimension of sixteen inches. But this amazement was soon shattered by a chorus of wild laughter and delirium that shook the room to its foundations.
"This is fucking amazing!" a chubby blonde woman shouted. "Amazing!"
Watching his penis expand to such an absurd length was shocking enough in itself, but to see his scrotum grow until it resembled a small melon was even more startling. Doctor LeClair, Melody, and the other nurses stared open-mouthed at the transformation while Christiana and Sheila, who had witnessed hundreds of similar occurrences, simply looked on with amusement.
"My God!" Dr. LeClair exclaimed to Christiana. "I had no idea!"
Christiana chuckled. "It is fascinating, isn't it? I never grow tired of it."
"I enjoy watching the scrotum balloon up," Sheila said. "Just think. Right now, billions of sperm are being produced in his testes at an incredible rate. Very soon he won't be able to contain it any longer."
"This is truly a medical marvel!" Dr. LeClair replied, unable to take her eyes off Dickey's monolithic cock.
"You turned me into a freak, just as I said you would!" he said to Christiana. "Look at me!"
"I told you the effect will only last for a few hours," she said calmly. "After that your genitals will return to their normal size."
"Oh!" he moaned. "That makes everything all right, does it? I hate you! I hate all of you!"
Melody kneeled down to get a better look at his new equipment and ran her finger along the taught surface of his prick.
"How can you say you hate her, Dickey?" she asked as her finger traveled slowly from base to tip. "Most men would die to have a dick this big."
"I was happy with eight inches!" he shot back. "That was big enough!"
"Maybe. But I still think this big cock of yours is so much nicer."
She took hold of his shaft and gave it a few vigorous tugs, which made everybody laugh.
"Be careful, doctor Shine," Annie said. "You might set him off."
"Yeah!" exclaimed Estelle. "Why don't you set him off? We'd like to see that big fucking prick of his shoot its load!"
The audience clapped and cheered.
"Sperm sample! Sperm sample!" a woman in the audience shouted.
The cry was soon taken up by all two hundred women.
"I can't believe this is happening to me!" Dickey cried. "It's a nightmare!"
The chant continued until Dr. LeClair raised her hands and addressed the crowd. "Ladies, please!" she began. "We're just as surprised as you are at his transformation. Just give us a little time and we'll get that sample from him."
"I want to be the one to jerk him off!" Estelle said with a malicious smile. "I'll teach him a little respect!"
"Oh, shit!" Dickey mumbled to himself.
"I don't think I can allow that, Estelle," Dr. LeClair replied. "It really goes against hospital policy."
"Oh, hospital policy be damned! You saw what this man did to us!"
"I don't know..."
"I might rethink withdrawing my funding for the hospital."
Doctor LeClair thought about it for a moment and then smiled. "Come on up here."
The beautiful brunette sauntered up to the platform until she was face to face with Dickey. "You're in my hands now."
The women in the audience cheered as she stood in front of the man who had so rudely abused her.
"Rip his fucking cock off!" one of them cried.
"Doctor LeClair!" he exclaimed. "If she tries anything funny, I'll be the one suing this hospital!"
"Don't get upset," Estelle said to him as she grabbed his huge nut sack in her hand. I'm not going to hurt you too much." She squeezed his balls hard and laughed. "However, I might get a little carried away at times."
"Doctor LeClair!" he cried out again.
"Estelle!" Dr. LeClair said in a warning voice. "Let's not be cruel."
"Why not? It's so much fun!"
"Estelle!"
"Oh, all right," she replied with a frown. She hefted his sac in her hand and smiled in his face. "I'll bet you're just dying to cum, aren't you?"
"I'm not going to give you the satisfaction," he replied.
"Oh, yes you will! I'm going to make you cum like a horse!"
"I refuse to cum for you!" he exclaimed. "You and your perverted friends will have to get your entertainment elsewhere!"
"I don't think so, Dickey," she said in a sickly, sweet tone.
She stepped aside as Christiana reached for a bottle of lube and applied a generous amount of it to his shaft. Dickey watched as the beautiful blonde's fingers gingerly worked the slick lotion into his flesh, paying special attention to the glans. He wondered how many pricks she had masturbated in her lifetime and how much sperm she had forced from cocks just like his.
"That feels really good," he mumbled.
"It's a special masturbating cream I invented a long time ago," she replied, rubbing a small amount onto his scrotum. It's non-greasy and helps facilitate masturbation in two ways. It adds a gentle friction which increases the pleasure for the person being masturbated and it also acts as a healing hand cream. We women have to keep our hands soft and silky, right?"
"You're very ingenious, Dr. Swensen," he replied, moaning with delight at her touch.
"I can't get over the size of that thing!" Sheila laughed, watching Christiana apply the cream to his cock. "I mean look at it. All he has to do is bend his head down a little and he could suck himself off!"
"Hey!" Estelle exclaimed. "Now that's an idea!"
"I am not going to perform fellatio on myself!" Dickey replied flatly. "Don't even think about it!"
"Don't worry," Dickey," Dr. LeClair said. "The important thing is that we get a good sperm sample from you."
"Oh, you'll get a good sample," Christiana chuckled. "In fact, you should be prepared to collect a lot of samples. So, make sure you have a lot of beakers handy. He's going to be ejaculating for the next two hours."
"The next two hours?" Dickey cried.
"Are you certain about that, doctor?" Dr. LeClair asked. "When I worked for you the drug's efficacy was less than an hour."
"We've made a lot of changes since then. Once this new version of the drug kicks in there's no stopping it until it's completely out of his system. And that will take approximately two hours or so."
"And you have to remember, Fallon," Sheila added, "that this is our latest and most highly concentrated form."
"Oh, Jesus!" Dickey cried again. "Two hours! I don't fucking believe this!"
Despite his outcry, Estelle found his distress totally to her liking.
"Oh, this is really going to be fun, Dickey!" she laughed.
As Christiana finished applying the masturbation cream, Dr. LeClair ordered Annie and Ginny to set aside as many beakers as they could find. Within a few minutes the two nurses had located twenty-three glass containers of various sizes and placed them on the table.
"Let's start with that cylindrical one," Dr. LeClair said to them, pointing to a medium-sized beaker with a wide lip. She looked at Christiana. "Are we ready to begin, doctor?"
Christiana took another look at Dickey's cock and balls and then spoke to him. "How do you feel?"
"Let's put it this way," he began. "If my hands were free, I'd be jerking off right now."
"Then you're ready to be milked." She turned to Dr. LeClair. "We can begin any time."
"Estelle? Are you ready to drain this bastard of his sperm?" Dr. LeClair asked.
"Oh, yes," she replied, reaching for his cock. "And I'm going to milk this big dick dry!"
"Do your best, bitch!" he snarled.
It was the wrong thing to say.
Having already suffered what to her mind was probably the worst indignity a woman could suffer at the hands of a man, she slapped him hard in the balls, making him cry out in pain.
"Ow!" he screamed. "What the fuck?"
"Another vulgar word out of your mouth and I'll cut your dick off!" she said, baring her perfect teeth at him.
Dickey looked at Dr. LeClair and then at Sheila, hoping to find some show of sympathy. But then he recalled that he had physically assaulted them too, and that no feelings of pity would be coming from that quarter. Even Melody seemed happy to watch him get his comeuppance. She laughed and joked with Annie and Ginny as Estelle roughly manhandled his massive organ, giggling with delight every time the dominant brunette made him wince in pain.
"Did you ever see such a big fucking dick?" Estelle told the audience as she stroked him with her left hand. "The damn thing is almost as long as my arm!"
"It's probably longer!" a tall redhead in a sleek black dress commented blithely.
"And look at these nuts!" she continued. "They must be overflowing with jizz to get them this size. Isn't that right, Dr. Swensen?"
"The euphemism isn't entirely accurate but yes," Christiana replied. "His testes have now reached the saturation point and must be drained of their current supply of semen."
"Is it going to be a big ejaculation?" a woman asked.
"Yes," Christiana said. "At least that's what experience has shown us. However, the volume and the distance the ejaculate travels, varies from man to man."
"How far can it shoot?" another asked.
"In most cases the minimum distance during initial ejaculation is approximately six to seven feet. But there have been some men who could ejaculate much further."
"How far exactly?"
"Oh, anywhere from twenty to over thirty feet."
"No!"
"Yes! I've seen it happen many times."
"Doctor Swensen is right," Sheila said. "I know because I worked with her and I saw it happen myself. And now with this new and improved version we might be looking at distances even further."
The crowd tittered excitedly when they heard this, but many of them didn't seem to buy her explanation.
"I don't believe a man could cum that hard," said a short, plump, blonde with glasses. "The human body isn't designed that way."
"Under normal circumstances, no," Christiana replied. "But you must remember that EJAX-472 is a genetically engineered drug designed to physically alter the cellular composition of the entire male reproductive system. Right now, Dr. Hatfield's testes are manufacturing billions of sperm every minute. We're talking quadruple the amount of sperm in a normal ejaculation coupled with the physical capacity to eject great volumes of semen at distances previously thought impossible."
"I'd have to see it to believe it," the woman replied adamantly.
"I don't think you'll have to wait long," Melody said, watching Dickey's massive balls rock back and forth under his tormentor's grasp.
Estelle's hand was now flying up and down Dickey's slick shaft with great speed. He was breathing hard and sweat was beginning to drip from his forehead. The urge to cum was now almost unbearable. But, determined not to give Estelle the satisfaction of bringing him to orgasm, he began to think of other things;anythingto keep himself from ejaculating.
"He's getting close," Sheila said to Dr. LeClair, noticing drops of pre-cum forming at the opening to his urethra. "I think it's going to be a big one."
Doctor LeClair told Annie and Ginny to move into position on either side of him and to get on their knees. The nurses did as they were told and held the beaker in front of his cock. They giggled as they watched Estelle's hand traverse the length of his slippery shaft, eagerly anticipating the eruption of sperm once again.
"Remember to point it right into the beaker, Ms. Rubinstein," Annie told Estelle. "We don't want to miss a drop."
"Don't worry, girls," Estelle replied with a sly grin. "I'll make sure you get your sample--and plenty of it."
"That's what you think!" Dickey laughed. "You're not getting anything out of me!"
But he was fighting a losing battle. No man had ever been able to prevent himself from ejaculating while under the influence of the insidious drug. And to have a beautiful woman added to the mix only made it that much more improbable that he would be able to do so.
He looked around him from left to right. There was LeClair still standing to his left, while Christiana, Sheila, and Melody stood to his right. Annie and Ginny were now at his feet holding the beaker up to his cock while Estelle viciously masturbated him. In front of him sat two hundred amused and titillated women; young women in their twenties and thirties; women who might someday be the recipients of his sperm; all of them now on the edge of their seats waiting breathlessly for his giant pecker to spill its seed into the beaker.
The pressure inside his testes was now almost too much for him to bear. Yet he kept telling himself that maybe he'd luck out; that he'd be the first man to have warded off the effects of the powerful drug. He looked into Estelle's face. God, she was beautiful! And those hands! Long and slim with nails the color of cherry red; teasing, coaxing; provoking him to surrender his incredibly abundant supply of hot cream.
"I can't take it anymore!" he cried suddenly as her hand grabbed the base of his prick and held it fast. "Oh fuck!"
She laughed joyously as she felt the sperm travel up from his balls and into the base of his cock where she continued to maintain a tight grip, not allowing him the satisfaction of having her moving hand help expel the juices now on their way up through his shaft.
"I win!" she cried triumphantly.
The women in the audience now stood up en masse, cheering, applauding, urging their friend to bring him off.
"Make him cream, Estelle!" they shouted. "Make him shoot that cum!"
The noise was deafening.
Annie and Ginny were now ready for him. Seeing that he was only seconds away from shooting his load, the girls placed the mouth of the cylinder over the head of his cock and held it there, waiting to capture his ejaculate.
Suddenly he thrust his hips forward as his entire lower body froze up.
"No! No!" he cried. "I don't want to cum!" he screamed at the top of his lungs.
This threw the entire audience into fits of laughter.
He looked down into the laughing faces of Annie and Ginny, who were now urging him to cum too.
"Fill it up!" Annie squealed.
"Yeah, Dickey!" Ginny laughed. "Right up to the top!"
Estelle gave him one last hard stroke and then grabbed the base of his shaft hard and held it there.
"Here it comes, girls!" she announced as his prick literally danced in her hand.
But Estelle wasn't going to let him off so easily by letting him ejaculate into the beaker. She had something else in mind; something far more humiliating to his pride.
"What are you doing, Estelle?" Dr. LeClair said. "You need to keep his penis pointed into the beaker! Estelle!"
But Estelle wasn't listening.
Seeing that Estelle wasn't paying attention, the two nurses tried to align the lip of the beaker with Dickey's cock, but it was too late. She aimed his prick upward toward the ceiling and laughed.
His dick pulsed once and then twice, emitting a tiny glob of semen that dripped lazily down his shaft. For several seconds nothing else happened and then, suddenly, a massive rope of slick white cream shot out of his urethra followed immediately by a second rope of equal intensity and volume such that it seemed as though he was firing off two volleys simultaneously. The first jet shot out high into the air and straight up the middle aisle, flying right over the women's startled heads and further on until it splashed into a painting on the wall forty feet away. The second load followed a similar trajectory but veered far to the right and completely over everyone's head, landing finally in a tray of medical instruments.
"It hit the fucking wall!" a woman in the audience screeched.
It seemed as if the entire room was now in a state of pandemonium, with women fighting to get out of the middle rows of seats that were now being bombarded with Dickey's salty semen. Even as they jockeyed to find a safe position from which to watch the spectacle, his cock exploded with one blast of jizz after the other. Estelle was ecstatic.
"Yes! Keep shooting that hot cum you son of a bitch!" she laughed, keeping her hand locked into position at the base of his shaft.
Doctor LeClair, Melody, and the two nurses were too shocked by Dickey's incredible orgasm to notice that none of it was being captured in the beaker.
"Oh, my God!" Dr. LeClair exclaimed. "Did that ejaculate really hit the painting on the far wall?"
"It certainly did!" Christiana replied proudly.
But that was all she had time to say because his cock was now getting ready to fire off another round.
Still holding his cock firmly at its base, Estelle looked on in amusement as the muscles in his penis twitched and then vomited up a huge whitish mass of sticky hot semen high into the air, where it splashed into the ceiling fan about thirty feet away. The crowd screamed with delight.
"Is everybody seeing this?" a thin woman with long brown hair cried as she watched the sperm drip down off the blades of the fan and onto the floor below.
Dickey could no nothing but watch as his monstrous penis, now under the total control of the beautiful but nasty woman, betrayed him. The effect of the drug was such that he could barely do anything except breathe. And despite the fact that Estelle's hand remained stationary, the pleasure he felt was beyond anything he had ever experienced.
"I can feel it!" Estelle laughed. "I can feel it happening again, Dickey!"
"No!" he cried.
A thick wad of slimy ball cream erupted from his cock and flew out toward the middle aisle, which was now completely vacated; all the women now watching safely from either side of the room. It sailed up into the air and came down a few feet from the far wall, impacting on the surface of a standalone blood pressure unit.
"Wow, Dickey!" Melody exclaimed. "You're really putting on a fucking great show!"
Another huge blast of white mucus shot up high into the air. And, as he and everyone watched, it struck the lighting fixture on the far end of the room. Another volley soon followed; this one so massive that it seemed as if someone had taken a giant tube of toothpaste and struck it with a sledgehammer. The long trail of hot cream snaking out lazily over the empty chairs until it splashed headlong into the back of an x-ray machine.
"This is simply too much!" Sheila exclaimed. "What do you think, Fallon?"
"I think I'm beyond the capacity to provide a rational explanation for what I'm seeing," she replied, completely mesmerized by the sight.
The thought of getting a sperm sample was now a foregone conclusion. Everyone was totally captivated by the spectacle of watching Dickey's gargantuan prick shoot out wad after wad of spunk. Estelle's hand was now layered with his sperm, which dripped off her fingers and wrist and onto the floor at his feet. Annie and Ginny had long since gotten to their feet to witness the astounding event, cheering Dickey on as Estelle milked out load after load of his juice into the air for all to see.
"I know how humiliating this is for you," Estelle told him, as his prick fired off another huge salvo of jizz into the air. "Such a private thing, isn't it? Jerking off? It's something you do in the privacy of your room. And now, here you are--a doctor no less--totally under the control of a woman you despise. How lovely is that?"
Dickey could only groan and watch as his cum flew out in all directions, providing great amusement for Estelle and the other attendees.
"To think that this little hand of mine could cause you to shoot out so much cum!" she laughed as yet another huge rope of cream shot up and over the rows of chairs. "Do you see all these women around you? They might take your sperm and they might not after this spectacle. But no matter. Your medical career is finished either way."
He wanted to respond. He wanted to tell her to go to hell in the fastest way possible but he was simply breathing too hard. The drug was controlling him as it did to every man who came under its merciless influence, and all he could do was stand helplessly as his prick continued to release its sticky contents into the air.
"Despite the fact that you are an asshole," she resumed, "you are an incredibly handsome man, Dr. Hatfield. And that is the only thing you've got going for you. So, you just might be fortunate enough to sell your sperm to the hospital. And some of the women here tonight may one day bear your children--but it's not going to be me!"
She unexpectedly began to masturbate him roughly, forcing another massive series of climaxes that splashed onto the floor in front of him, creating a slimy pool of opaqueness. This was followed by several more eruptions, each one growing less potent than the one before until he had no more left to give. Seeing that she had milked the last bit of sperm from him, Estelle took her sperm-coated hand and rubbed it all over his face.
"You bastard!" she said with cold anger. "You dare to assault me? You dare to threaten me? Who the fuck are you to do these things, you miscreant! You pathetic excuse for a man!"
He felt her fingers all over his mouth, feeding him his own ejaculate. He grimaced at the pungent saltiness of the taste and turned his head away as he fought to catch his breath.
"Okay, Estelle," Dr. LeClair said. "That's quite enough."
Estelle pulled her hand away as Ginny handed her a towel. "How does it feel to be degraded, Dr. Hatfield?" she asked him in a mocking tone as she dried her hands. "Not so nice, is it?"
She threw the towel at him and then walked off the stage to the thunderous applause of the crowd.
"You showed him!" a woman exclaimed. "Good for you, Estelle!"
There was so much sperm on the floor that Dr. LeClair had to order the two nurses to clean it up.
"And we still don't have that damn sperm sample!" she said to Sheila as Ginny and Annie applied themselves to mopping up the mess.
"Don't worry," Christiana said with a faint smile. "I'll make sure you get that sample this time."
"I know that face!" Sheila said to Christiana. "You want to jerk him off yourself."
"Dr. LeClair needs that sample."
"Well, then, I'm going to help you."
"Just get me that sample," Dr. LeClair told them. "I personally don't care who jerks him off."
Dickey was now beginning to regain his composure and was starting to breathe normally
"I need some water," he said to Melody. "I'm so thirsty."
"You've lost a lot through perspiration," Melody replied. "I'll get you some."
She removed a bottle of water from the refrigerator and took it to him. "Drink," she said, as she held the bottle to his lips. He drank greedily until the entire bottle was almost gone.
"Thanks," he said. "I didn't think you liked me anymore."
"I don't hate you," she replied. "But you're not the nice person I thought you were."
"I'm not a monster either."
He thought he noted a tinge of sympathy in her eyes, but she walked away without saying another word.
The women in the audience were now demanding to take part in the continuing spectacle that was unfolding before their eyes. They wanted to masturbate him; to continue the process of humiliation to bring him down to the lowest level of shame they could imagine. Dozens of women came forward to demand that Dr. LeClair let them jerk him off, and Dickey, his balls now beginning to fill once more with a heavy volume of sperm, groaned at the thought of having to undergo the forced expulsion of his precious fluids.
"Please!" he implored Dr. LeClair. "I don't want to go through this again!"
"You have no choice," she said. "You heard Dr. Swensen. Two hours, Dickey. So, prepare yourself."
"But I don't want to cum again!"
"Are you in any discomfort?" Christiana asked him.
"No. But it's fucking degrading. Don't you think so, doctor?"
"That's the whole point," Sheila replied. "This is your punishment, Dickey. Now shut your mouth and in another hour or so it will be over and you can go home."
"I'll never be able to live this down!" he wailed.
His complaints only served to amuse his colleagues. Even Melody couldn't believe how obnoxious he had become.
"You sound like a whiny old hag," she told him. "Be a man, Dickey! Take your punishment like a man!"
His prick was still hard, its tip hovering just under his chin. He felt as if it was some kind of alien appendage grafted onto his body; a fleshy, monolithic parasite that had taken control of his body in order to bend it to its will. And now, much to his dismay, he saw a group of women approach Dr. LeClair with their hands out, demanding that they each take turns in bringing him to even greater depths of depravity.
"We want to help jerk him off," a tall blonde woman named Jill said to Dr. LeClair. "It's too good an opportunity to pass up."
"I don't have a problem with that," Dr. LeClair replied. "But Dr. Swensen and Dr. Ford will be in charge of his masturbation."
"You girls can go first," Christiana said to Jill and her friends. "Sheila and I will take over once he's ready to ejaculate. It's important that we get a sperm sample and I need to be in control at that point."
"I understand, doctor," Jill said. "We just want to have some fun with him, that's all."
"Have all the fun you want," Sheila replied. "That's what we're here for."
Of course, none of this went down well with Dickey, who had heard every word and who was now cursing himself for being such a fool. When he saw the women apply generous amounts of lube to their hands, his spirits sank.
"I don't want to do this!" he exclaimed, wriggling around in his straightjacket. "Can't you let me out of this fucking thing?"
"You will stay in there until we're finished," Dr. LeClair said. She turned to Christiana and Sheila. "He's all yours."
The first thing Sheila did was to speak with Annie and Ginny. She told them that it was vital that they not fail in capturing Dickey's sperm inside the beaker.
"You've already seen what he can do," she told them. "So, you have no excuse not to get that sample. When he's ready to ejaculate, Dr. Ford and I will point his penis straight down into the beaker. The two of you must hold the container steady at all times. His ejaculation will be very energetic and the sperm may splash around a bit if you don't hold the beaker at the precise angle." She then took the beaker and held it up to Dickey's cock at an angle so that they understood what she meant.
"No problem, Dr. Swensen," Annie said cheerfully. "Ginny and I will make sure we get all of his sperm."
"I don't necessarily care about getting all of it," Christiana replied. "Some may miss the beaker entirely. All I care about is getting the beaker at least half full. Can you girls manage that?"
"Sure!" Ginny said. "We won't let you down."
Christiana smiled at the girls and told them to wait until she gave them the command to resume their former positions at Dickey's feet.
"You wouldn't think it would be such a difficult task to trap a few pints of sperm," Sheila said to Christiana.
"Normally, no," Christiana replied. "But this new version of EJAX has had a peculiarly robust effect upon his genitals. Have you noticed it?"
"As a matter of fact, yes, I have. It's like his cock almost has a mind of its own."
"That's why you and I have to keep a tight grip on him when he starts to shoot off. Fallon is depending on us. I don't want to disappoint her."
"Me either. Let's get that sample!"
Jill introduced Christiana and Sheila to the other three women who would be partaking in Dickey's masturbation. Besides Jill, there was a very pretty brunette named Stacy, her friend Belle, a short blonde woman named Ivy, and a statuesque beauty by the name of Eloise. Without much ado Christiana told the women to begin masturbating him as the remaining women in the crowd looked on.
"Just so we understand each other," Christiana told the five women, "I don't want any of you interfering when it's time for him to ejaculate. You can stand behind him or stand to the side, but don't do anything that might compromise us in obtaining his sperm sample."
"Of course, doctor," Jill assured her. "We will do as you say."
"Very well. Jill, you may as well start things off."
Jill was a very pretty woman with large and expressive green eyes. As the audience cheered her on, she approached Dickey and gave his penis a hard slap.
"That's for grabbing my tits!" she exclaimed.
He groaned in agony but his pain was soon ameliorated when her small, lithe fingers, now soaked with lube, wrapped themselves around his meat stick.
"I can't believe how fucking huge this thing is!" she said to her friends. "I mean, look at it!"
"It's like a god-damn baseball bat!" Stacey laughed as she toyed playfully with his nuts.
"And it looks even bigger up close!" Belle noted.
Ivy grasped one of his testicles in her hand and commented on how "full" it felt.
"That's all that nasty sperm building up inside him," Eloise said. "Just like the doctor said." She looked up at Dickey who was already beginning to feel the first feeble intimations of the telltale tingling feeling that served as an indicator that orgasm was not too far away. "What does it feel like, doctor?" she asked him.
"What does what feel like?" he replied, annoyed that he had to answer her silly question.
"Your balls? They seem very heavy to me."
"Why don't you ask our esteemed doctor," he replied, casting a glance at Christiana. "She knows a lot more about it than I do."
She looked at Christiana. "Why are they so heavy?" she asked.
"They're full of sperm of course," Christiana replied. "And in order to accommodate such a large amount of sperm, his testicles have had to undergo an increase in size due to the effect of the drug."
"I see," Eloise replied, pinching his scrotum hard.
"That hurt!" he exclaimed.
"You bit me!" she said, holding up her hand to his face where his bite marks could still be seen. "If it wasn't for the fact that they need a sperm sample I'd cut your balls off!"
"That's still an option, Eloise!" Ivy laughed.
Jill continued to masturbate for a few more minutes and then Stacey took over. She was followed by Belle, Ivy, and Eloise. Every few minutes the women would switch places so that they continuously kept Dickey on edge. The audience laughed and cheered as each woman jerked him off in a perpetual round-robin.
"We want to see some cum!" someone shouted from the audience.
"So do we!" Belle laughed.
Dickey could feel the pressure in his balls increasing dramatically as the five women jerked him one after the other. After a full ten minutes of teasing and jerking he was once more ready to surrender his cream to them.
"I don't think I can last much longer!" he cried, just as Eloise had finished with him.
"Annie! Ginny!" Dr. LeClair exclaimed. "Get that beaker in position! Now!"
The two nurses knelt down on either side of Dickey and help up the beaker so that his cock head was pointing directly into it. Christiana and Sheila now took over his masturbation, making sure to bend his towering shaft down as far as possible so that the sperm would end up the glass tube.
"Jesus Christ!" Dickey cried. "That hurts!"
"Sorry, doctor," Christiana said. "We've got to bend your cock down as far as possible. If we don't the sperm may splash up out of the beaker and hit us."
"It hurts like hell!"
Christiana told Sheila to lessen her grip on his cock so that they had a bit more room to maneuver. But it was still a tricky business considering both the size of his prick and the angle with which the beaker was positioned.
"Is that any better, Dickey?" Sheila asked, her fist locked in tandem with Christiana's as they rapidly jerked him off.
"A little," he replied, gasping for air.
"Are you getting close?"
"Yes! I'm almost there...!"
With all the lube now coating his shaft it was impossible to judge his moment of eruption due to the fact that no one could see any sign of pre-cum. But when his oversized balls began to swell up and hug the base of his shaft, both women knew he was ready to blow his load.
Doctor LeClair was now standing behind the two nurses, supervising their every move. "Keep that beaker exactly where it is. And get as much of his sperm into is as you can."
The women in the audience were now standing in long rows on either side of Dickey, leaving the middle area of the room unoccupied just in case the two nurses failed in their duty. Estelle and a few of her friends stood only several feet away, laughing and cheering along with the rest of the highly excited crowd.
"This is fucking priceless!" she cried, watching the two doctors' furiously masturbate the humongous organ that was now on the verge of orgasm.
Suddenly, with the crowd frantically screaming for him to cum and with the unrelenting stroking of the two beautiful doctors, Dickey let out a howling scream as his body went rigid.
"Oh, shit!" he cried.
His massive shaft vibrated noticeably as the first wave of hot sperm shot up through his urethra and into the beaker, where the force and angel of trajectory was so powerful that Annie and Ginny had a difficult time keeping the beaker in position, allowing the stream of cum to hit the bottom of the beaker full speed, resulting in a boomerang effect that sent most of the ejaculate flying back out of the beaker and into the air, splashing into both nurses' faces before it found its mark in Dr. LeClair's brunette mane.
The audience went completely wild as the two nurses flinched under the assault, trying valiantly to keep the beaker in position as the huge load of white spunk dripped off their faces.
"Christiana!" Dr. LeClair exclaimed.
"I know! I know!" Christiana replied, forcing his cock ever downward in an attempt to trap the sperm inside the beaker.
Once again, his prick erupted, this time sending a torrent of white seed straight into the tube where it first splashed against the side of the cylinder before settling at the bottom. Dickey cried out in pain at having his prick forced into such an awkward position, but there was nothing he could do about it except to endure it. Rope after rope of his pecker cream shot into the beaker as the crowd cheered and laughed.
"It's like milking a fucking cow!" Sheila exclaimed.
Jill and her friends stood off to one side watching with great amusement as Dickey's balls continued to unload their full supply of jizz into the tube. Within minutes the beaker was almost half full and Christiana told the nurses to take it away.
"But he'll shoot all over the floor!" Annie said.
"He's almost done anyway," Christiana replied. "Stick the beaker in the cryo chamber."
"Do as she says," Dr. LeClair told the girls.
No sooner had the nurses removed the beaker than Dickey's prick shot out a powerful string of high-spurting ball cream that flew halfway across the room, with portions of it striking a potted spider plant on top of a medical supply cabinet that stood by the door.
"Good shot pecker head!" Ivy cried.
Christiana's hand was now dripping with sperm, and Sheila wasn't faring much better. Yet they continued to diligently jerk him off, forcing load after load of spunk to splash onto the floor in front of the cheering women. And then, just as abruptly as it had begun, his cock shot out a half dozen weak loads and then stopped spurting. The audience gave the two doctors a hearty round of applause.
"Wow!" Melody exclaimed. "That was a lot of cum!"
"It certainly was!" Stacey agreed, observing the pool of jizz at her feet.
"Well, I'm just glad we finally got a decent sample," Dr. LeClair said.
At that moment both Annie and Ginny walked back toward the platform, having deposited the sperm sample in the cryo chamber.
"The sample had been labeled and placed in cryo," Ginny said to Dr. LeClair as she and Annie gingerly sidestepped the puddle of cum.
"Thank you," Dr. LeClair replied. "You both did a very good job of containment."
"I think you have enough sperm to last you awhile," Christiana said to Dr. LeClair. "However, we still need to continue milking him."
Doctor LeClair gave her an incredulous look. "Are you telling me we're not through with him?"
"Far from it. He's still in the replicating phase."
Dickey who was still breathing hard from his arduous orgasm, moaned aloud. "Your drug is going to be the death of me!" he said to Christiana.
"You're not going to die, Dr. Hatfield," she said, wiping her hands of his sperm. "In fact, we're almost done. I think one more session should completely drain your balls of the last of your sperm."
"Wonderful!" he sneered. "Will somebody please give me some water!"
Ginny gave him some water to drink and then Dr. LeClair, seeing that his body was beginning to tire from being in one position for so long, had Melody and the two nurses remove his restraints and place him on a gurney with his arms still held fast in the straightjacket. The gurney was then elevated to a forty-five-degree angle and placed in the center of the platform so that the doctors, nurses, and attendees could observe him from both sides of the room. Dickey was so weakened from his ordeal that he could barely offer a word of protest.
"You still have quite a bit of sperm inside you, Dickey," Dr. LeClair said. "I'm afraid we'll have to masturbate you one final time."
"No, not again," he replied feebly. "I don't want to cum anymore."
"It doesn't matter what you want, Dickey," Estelle said as she hovered over him. "So just shut up and let them drain those ridiculous balls of yours!"
She emphasized her meaning by tugging viciously on his scrotum, causing him to cry out in pain.
"You sadistic bitch!" he screamed. "Doctor LeClair! Tell her to stop!"
"That's quite enough, Estelle," Dr. LeClair said. "He's suffered enough abuse as it is."
"Are you really feeling pity for this asshole, doctor?" she asked.
"Let me ask you this: must you be so cruel?"
"It's what he deserves," she replied tersely.
"I'm in charge here and I'll decide what he deserves," the doctor said with a stern look.
"Oh, all right, Fallon! Have it your way. But just remember who's funding this operation."
"I'm sure you'll never let me forget."
"That's telling her, doctor!" Dickey said to Dr. LeClair, happy that someone was finally standing up for him.
"You be quiet, Dickey," Dr. LeClair replied. "You're still not off the hook."
"You're going to fire me, aren't you? You're going to let this Rubinstein broad destroy my career."
"Any damage to your career was done by you when you broke hospital rules."
"I told you what happened. I had a few drinks and then all that pressure of having to perform in front of you and all those women. It was more than I could handle. I lost it."
"Yes, you did! Not only did you behave disgracefully, you shamed me and your colleagues as well. Your actions displayed a complete breach of ethics."
"I know! I acted like a damn fool! But I wasn't on duty. You can't nail me for that."
"You're still an employee of Brigham Women's. And these acts were committed on hospital property."
"I don't know why you're having this conversation with him, Fallon," Estelle said. "He's guilty as sin and his punishment is well deserved."
"No argument there," the doctor agreed.
"But I was drunk!" he insisted. "Maybe not stone-faced drunk, but I was drunk just the same."
"That is true," Christiana said to Dr. LeClair. "That could be considered a mitigating factor."
"You're not taking his side are you, Dr. Swensen?" Jill asked.
"No. I'm just stating a fact," Christiana replied. "Being under the influence of any drug, be it alcohol or even EJAX-472, will cause a person to act in ways contrary to their normal behavior. It seemed quite obvious to me that Dr. Hatfield was indeed drunk when he acted violently toward you and the other women. His rude behavior was inconsistent with his previous actions and therefore we must conclude that his mental perceptions were compromised."
Dickey looked up at Christiana and smiled. "Thank you for believing me."
"As I said, doctor, it was quite apparent that you were inebriated. I'm willing to admit that much."
"But he punched me in the face!" Ivy declared. "See this bruise under my right eye? That's where he hit me!"
He moaned. "I didn't mean to hit you! I was off my rocker!"
"Some people act nasty when they get drunk and some people don't," Christiana told the woman. "Doctor Hatfield got nasty. I'm not excusing his behavior. I'm only stating the obvious. It's up to Dr. LeClair and the hospital board how to judge his actions."
"Well, I can tell you that I'm going to have a hell of a lot to say about it!" Estelle said. "And it isn't going to be good news for him."
Several other women agreed.
"I'm going to file a complaint!" said one.
"I am!" said another.
"I think alotof people are going to bring charges against him!" Belle exclaimed. "I mean, the guy's supposed to a doctor for Christ's sake! What kind of a doctor goes around hitting women?"
In short order the conversation began to take on a life of its own, with accusations and condemnations being hurled at Dickey from every direction. Doctor LeClair and Sheila tried to quell the disturbance but the women kept arguing amongst themselves and pointing threatening fingers at him until the noise became deafening.
"That's enough!" Christiana exclaimed in a stentorian voice.
Her sudden outburst brought complete silence throughout the room, and even Estelle, for all her bravado, seemed afraid to say another word.
"Listen to me," she continued. "All of you. I think we all understand that Dr. Hatfield must face charges for what he's done. No question about it. He was also drunk when he committed those acts. And as we all know, when people get drunk, they often say and do stupid things. I'm not apologizing for his behavior. All I'm trying to say is that depriving him of his medical license may not be the way to go."
"What do you suggest, Christiana?" Sheila asked. "A slap on the wrist?"
"No. All I'm saying is that there are other ways to punish him."
"Like what?"
"Yeah." Dickey asked in a shaky voice. "Like what?"
"I have a few ideas. But this is not the time and place to discuss them. We need to get him milked now." She took his cock in her hand and with the other hand felt the underside of his scrotum. "There is still a lot of semen in these testicles."
"I can feel it, doctor," he said to her. "My genitals are starting to tingle again."
"I can tell," she smiled, as she moved her fingers all over his sac. "It's time we emptied you completely."
"I'd like to jerk him off!" Melody said to Dr. LeClair.
"You, Melody?" Dr. LeClair replied somewhat astonished. "I thought you had a boyfriend?"
"She does," Dickey said. He looked at his friend. "Why, Melody? I thought you pretty much walked the straight and narrow."
"Well, everybody else seems to enjoy doing it, why not me?"
"Are you sure?" Dr. LeClair asked.
"My boyfriend will never know. And it's just a handjob. It's not like we're having sex or anything."
"Well far be it from me to stop you. He's all yours."
Dickey was both surprised and excited to see his friend and colleague apply a thick coat of lube to her hands before taking his sixteen-inch pecker in her hand. She started off slowly, enjoying the tactile sensation of his firm, silky soft flesh.
"You're good at this," Ivy said to her. "Nice technique."
"I've had a lot of practice," Melody replied, teasing his frenulum with her index finger before firmly grasping the giant slab of meat in her fist.
Dickey closed his eyes and moaned softly. "That's nice!"
"I can tell you want to cum really badly, Dickey," she said, masturbating him more quickly now. "It must be really hard for you hold all that cum in there."
"He's not going to hold it for long," Jill said, watching Melody's hand fly up and down the massive prick.
Dickey looked around the room and noticed that all the women had concentrated in two separate groups of equal size on both sides of the platform. They watched Melody assiduously apply herself to bringing him off, using varied hand positions to aid her in that effort. At one point she invited the two young nurses to help masturbate him, and Annie and Ginny gladly obliged, standing next to Dickey with their hands now full of lube, teasing and jerking his hard shaft in unison with Melody.
"This is really fun!" Annie exclaimed, as her hand joined Ginny's at the base of his shaft.
"It's so hard and so soft at the same time!" Ginny giggled. "I can't wait to see what happens."
"He's going to shoot a fucking cum fountain," Sheila laughed. "The final stages of the drug's influence always seem to be the most intense."
He longed to be able to touch his cock; to actually know what it felt like to be the owner of such an incredible penis. But all he could do was lie there and watch as the three women fondled, teased, and stroked his monster cock, which was now beginning to leak a steady stream of pre-cum.
"It won't be long now," Christiana said to the audience. "He's entering the final phase of the process."
"What does that mean, exactly?" Estelle asked.
"It means that there's going to be a hell of a lot of cum flying around here in a few minutes or so."
"More than what we've already seen?"
"A lot more. So be prepared."
Dickey groaned when he heard this. "I'm not going to have a fucking heart attack am I doctor?" he asked Christiana as he felt the semen churn in his balls.
"No, Dr. Hatfield. No one has ever died from a heart attack when taking EJAX. And you're in exceptionally good health so I wouldn't worry."
He seemed to relax a little bit at this news. "I don't think I'm going to last much longer."
"I can see that. Just keep breathing normally. And don't be frightened by all the sperm you see shooting out of your penis. It may take up to five minutes to completely empty your testes."
"Five minutes?" Dr. LeClair asked as if she didn't believe her. "That long?"
"This new version of EJAX is extremely robust, Fallon. And I meanrobust!"
His cock was now standing as stiff and straight as it would ever be; a towering mass of muscle engorged with blood; preparing to spit out its enormous reservoir of spunk. It glistened in the harsh glare of the fluorescent lighting; its crown now a ruddy purple color; a bulbous mushroom sitting atop a long, greasy pole.
The women in the audience drew as close as they could to watch the three women masturbate him, laughing and encouraging them with all kinds of filthy talk to make them work as hard as they could to provoke his orgasm.
"We want you to go out with a big bang!" Belle said to him. "A really big finish!"
"Make that fucking cock cum!" another woman shouted.
"I want to see that thing shoot!" said another.
Pretty soon the entire audience was shouting and screaming, hurling all manner of vile epithets at Dickey as he neared orgasm.
"Come on you fucking bastard!" Estelle cried. "Shoot that fucking jizz!"
"Let's see it!" Stacey exclaimed. "Show us what you've got!"
It was too much for him to bear. Humiliated beyond belief and powerless to prevent his orgasm, he screamed aloud as he was gripped by the uncontrollable need to ejaculate.
"I'm gonna cum!" he cried.
The three pairs of hands were now locked together in unison, jerking his rod with firm, rapid strokes.
"Yes!" the crowd exclaimed. "Give us your cum!"
On the upward stroke his prick twitched and convulsed, sending out an intense spray of white paste high up into the air. It flew easily across the room and straight out the open door over forty feet away, colliding momentarily with the doorjamb on its way out.
"Mother fucker!" Eloise screeched. "No fucking way!"
The powerful blast took everyone by surprise. Even Christiana and Sheila, who had been witness to countless scenes of men shooting out massive wads of sperm far distances, looked at each other and laughed.
"Now that's a first!" Sheila remarked.
Melody, Annie, and Ginny were just as amazed as everyone else, but their shock at seeing his first load travel so far did nothing to deter them from continuing to milk his cock as hard and fast as they could.
"That's it!" Christiana said to them. "Keep going. Force it out of him!"
Annie laughed as she kept jerking his dick. "It's almost as if it's alive!" she told the doctor.
"I think it is alive!" Ginny said. "It's like it has a mind of its own!"
"Just keep masturbating him. You're all doing a great job. You too, Melody!"
"Thanks," Melody replied. "Just have those towels ready!"
Dickey screamed and thrust his hips up violently. "Oh, God!" he cried.
A thick wad of spunk erupted from his convulsing balls and out through the tip of his cock, shooting out across the room and straight into the wall painting he had so unceremoniously lacquered only a short time before. The long trail of sperm impacted directly on the face of the portrait and then cascaded down onto the wooden frame before collecting in a pool on the floor. The crowd went berserk.
"You did it again you son of a bitch!" Estelle exclaimed. "Right in the eye!"
Again, his dick erupted. This time the monstrous volley of ejaculate splashed into a wall chart in the back of the room, creating a white trail against the black background of the chart.
"Nice fucking shot, Dickey!" Melody exclaimed, her hand now saturated with sperm. "I know you have more jizz in there! Keep it coming!"
Once more he grunted loudly and bucked his hips hard, forcing out ropes of hot cream high up into the air. The women stared up the thick, white streams as they flew across the room, some impacting on the ceiling while others splashed into various objects in the nearby vicinity.
"It's like a god-damn fireworks display!" Dr. LeClair cried. "It's everywhere!"
No sooner had she finished speaking than Dickey's cock exploded with a solid barrage of white hot splooge, which soon broke up into various sizes of white, gelatinous globs, held momentarily in mid-air before crashing onto the floor. This was followed by a steady stream of cum that was forcefully ejected from his cock without interruption. Rope after rope after rope of sperm sailed out gracefully into the air in front of the shocked crowd, thrilling them beyond words.
"My God!" Jill cried. "It's fucking unbelievable!"
The hands of the three women were now soaked with cum. Even their forearms and parts of their upper torsos were now soiled with Dickey's special effluence. Yet they kept masturbating him, heedless of their own situation. Dickey was sweating like a pig and taking in great draughts of air, his chest heaving under the influence of his powerful orgasm.
Suddenly his balls ballooned up and tightly hugged the base of his shaft, forcing him to cry out. "Oh fuck!"
A long, milky white jet of cock juice flew up and hit the ceiling, which then traveled a few feet further before splashing into the air vent above the side door. Another blast quickly followed. And for the second time that day it ended up striking the base of the potted spider plant that stood on top of the medical supply cabinet. The massive wad of spunk entirely coated the bottom portion of the clay pot, with the rest of the sperm collecting on top of the cabinet.
"Fucking excellent!" somebody cried.
Dickey's cock exploded once again, this time shooting out a series of blasts that struck the first few rows of unoccupied chairs. He followed up with several more volleys that were quickly beginning to diminish in their effect, finally culminating in one more giant load that sailed straight up above the grinning faces of the crowd and down onto the platform itself. He was done.
"Oh my God that was fucking great!" Melody cried, rising her hands and arms up for all to see.
Christiana threw her, and the two nurses, towels as the audience rewarded them with a tumultuous applause.
"I have to say that was the biggest cumshot I've ever seen in my life!" Ivy said, her face all lit up. "It was simply amazing!"
"It sure was!" Jill agreed. "I couldn't keep count of all the ejaculations!"
"That new version of your drug is something else, Christiana," Dr. LeClair said. "Watching him cum like that was so...so intensely erotic."
"I know exactly what you mean," Christiana smiled. "The truth is that you never grow tired of it. I've seen hundreds of patients orgasm using EJAX and it's always a different experience for each one." She looked down at Dickey. "Are you okay?"
"I'm...all right," he replied, trying to catch his breath.
"I can't believe what you just did, Dickey!" Melody said as she finished wiping her hands. "Look at this place. It's covered in cum!"
He smiled. "Look!" he told her, staring down at his cock.
Before everyone's eyes, his penis, now having expelled the remainder of the sperm stored in his testicles, began to twitch and then slowly contract, with his scrotum diminishing in size at the same time.
"Wow!" Annie exclaimed as she stared at the transformation. "Look at that! His penis is becoming flaccid!"
"And his scrotum too!" Ginny added.
Dickey was thrilled to see his penis and testicles return to their normal size and sighed a heavy sigh of relief.
"You're now free of the drug, Dr. Hatfield," Christiana told him.
"Thank God!" he replied. "It was like being on a rollercoaster!"
"I've never heard anyone refer to the experience in that way but I certainly can understand what you mean."
He turned to Dr. LeClair. "Can you please get this damn straightjacket off me?"
"Ladies," she said to the two nurses. "You may release him now."
Annie and Ginny removed the straightjacket and he stretched his arms out as far as he could and breathed deeply. "Oh, man. It feels good to be free!"
"Don't count on being free for long," Estelle said to him in a grim voice. "Your troubles are only just beginning."
"All right, Estelle," Sheila said. "Let's not get into that again, shall we?"
"No. I want him to understand that my friends and I are not going to let him get away with molesting us." She looked at Dickey. "Do you understand what I'm saying? We're going to rip you another asshole, asshole!"
Dickey looked her straight in the eye but was too exhausted to offer a reply.
"That's quite enough!" Dr. LeClair said to the stern-faced woman. "Let's leave it for another day."
Estelle glared at Dickey before saying a curt goodbye to Dr. LeClair and the other members of the staff. She exited the room with several of her friends and was soon followed by the other attendees.
"You'd better put on your clothes now, Dickey," Dr. LeClair said. "They're over there on the table."
Annie and Ginny were once again employed in cleaning the room while Dickey got dressed. A few times the girls inadvertently slipped on an errant stream of cum, which dotted the landscape like tiny pools of white on the black tile floor. In relatively short order the mess was completely cleaned up and the two nurses left to go home after saying goodbye to Dickey and the rest of the staff.
"Let's get out of here," Dr. LeClair said to Dickey and the others. "I think the cafeteria has a special going on today."
Dickey, looking on as Christiana, Sheila, and Melody walked out the door behind Dr. LeClair, found himself at a loss for words. "Do you really want me along?" he asked them.
"I want to speak to you, doctor," Dr. LeClair said to him without looking back.
He followed the women to the cafeteria where they took a table next to a window. It was now early evening and the cafeteria was relatively empty. After they had ordered some food Dr. LeClair looked at him uneasily and said in a grave voice: "They're going to ruin you, Dickey. You know that."
It was the last thing he wanted to hear.
Christiana was going to speak up but Dr. LeClair preempted her with a wave of her hand. "I know what you're going to say, Chrissy, but the fact remains that even despite his drunken state, he was abusive and sexually molested some very, very important women. Rubenstein is just the tip of the iceberg, and that's only because she's got the biggest, and meanest, mouth. Those other women you saw with her? They're some of our biggest donors. And Dickey here struck or groped at least three of them." She looked at Dickey. "I don't want to see you lose your license to practice. Even though I should belt you in the mouth for what you did."
"Do you really think Estelle will carry through with her promise?" Melody asked LeClair.
"Are you kidding? Of course, she will. She's a bitch with a capital 'B'; a rich, spoiled woman used to getting her way. Oh, she'll take our doctor down all right unless we do something to help him."
"Like what?"
"I don't know. I'll have to give it some thought. But if we don't Dickey's career is over."
"I'm surprised you're even considering helping me after the things I did," he said to LeClair. "I thought you guys hated me."
"We don't hate you," Sheila replied. "We were angry with you and you got punished just like we said you would be. But none of us wants to see you dragged under the heels of Rubinstein and her pals."
"I thought you liked her."
"Let's just say we tolerate her."
"We need her money," Dr. LeClair said in a soft voice. "This hospital survives on donations and the Rubinstein's write very big checks."
He cast his glance down at the floor. "I don't think you can do anything to help me. But I'm grateful for the thought."
"Now don't you go throwing in the towel just yet," Dr. LeClair said. "We medical professionals have to stick together, even if they sometimes fuck up."
"And boy did I fuck up!"
"Things may not be as dire as they seem," Christiana said to Dickey.
"What do you mean?" he replied.
She looked at LeClair. "I told you a little while ago that there might be an alternative to having Dr. Hatfield banned from practicing medicine."
"The odds are not in our favor, Christiana," Sheila said. "What do you have in mind?"
"Yes," Dr. LeClair added. "What do you have in mind?"
"There may be another way to placate Rubinstein and the other women Dickey assaulted. I don't know if it will work, but it's worth a try."
"Well, tell us what it is."
"It's going to involve some pain and humiliation on Dickey's part but it just might save his career. Now this is what I'm thinking..."

(TO BE CONTINUED.)