Prologue:
The following is a continuation of the Lost Creek Wives' Club (LCWC) series, and as always I recommend reading the prior one first. Especially in this case since it's been so long before posting this latest installment, which once again I apologize for the long delay. And this as with a previous installment in the series will be posted in two parts. Part 30 and 30.5, so please bear with it.
As always, comments are welcomed as long as they are constructive. Thank you.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It didn't take long before my clitoris was about to burst from how nicely Nancy was tonguing my asshole. It was rare to have an orgasm from just anilingus, but here I was only seconds from having one. And from the way I felt, it was going to be a gusher of an orgasm.
That's until Nancy's landline phone on one of the night tables next to the bed started ringing.
Unfortunately it was a replica of an antique French rotary style phone to match the room's décor, and lacked a display so it was impossible to know who, or what number was calling.
After the third ring, Nancy reluctantly stopped tonguing my asshole... "I'm afraid I'm going to have to answer it, Lacey. The only landline phones with displays are downstairs, and whoever it is might hang up without leaving a message before I reach one. God forbid, it could be Walter."
When she got off the bed to answer it, it's when I first saw the strapless dildo she was wearing. Obviously she had plans to do a lot more than just orally pleasure my asshole.
I didn't expect something like it when she went into her walk-in closet, and instructed me not to peek when she returned. I assumed she was getting one of her sex toys such as a hand held dildo, but never a strapless one to fuck me with. I couldn't imagine she even had a more common strap-on dildo with being new to Sapphic sex. That's unless her husband liked being "pegged" as it's called, or fucked in the ass by his wife as some men do.
After she said hello and listened to whoever was on the other end... "You'll be home when?" Then after a short pause... "Okay, and no I don't need anything." But quickly reversed herself... "No wait, yes I do." Then proceeded to give who had to be Walter, a short list. And based on the items she rattled off, it would require him to make more than one stop.
After she hung up... "Damn it, of all days for him to come home early. I can't think of the last time he did. And on a Monday." Then after pausing for a second... "I'm so sorry Lacey, and just when I couldn't have been enjoying tonguing your adorable asshole more."
"You? You can't imagine how I feel as I was just about to cum from it." Then as I looked at the strapless dildo between her legs... "But from the looks of things, it seems you had more in mind than just tonguing it?"
After she looked down at the dildo, she jokingly asked... "What gives you that idea?"
"Maybe it's the six inch pink thing protruding from between your legs, which also happens to look like a penis. Not that I would have minded, and would have enjoyed it. By the way, it was quick thinking on your part to give Walter a list of things to pick-up on his way home."
"I figured if I didn't we'd be rushing around like two chickens with our heads cut off."
We both then looked at the digital clock radio on the other night table and after shrugging our shoulders proceeded to freshen-up in the bathroom real quick before getting dressed. We then straightened up her bedroom before making our way to the front door to say our goodbyes.
"I'm so sorry Lacey, how today came to an abrupt end."
"Not much you could do about it. Just be thankful Walter called first. I can't imagine what his reaction would have been if he walked in on us while you were sodomizing me."
"That would have been embarrassing. And while I didn't get to do it this time, don't think for a second I won't the next chance I get."
"If there's one thing I learned about you Nancy, you're very determined once you set your mind to something. Not that I'm going to offer any resistance when the time comes."
After we kissed one last time, and just as I began to open the front door to leave... "I love you Lacey, I truly do."
"I know Nancy, and I love you too."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
During the drive home, I couldn't help but wonder how Nancy was prepared to fuck me anally with a strapless dildo. Not that I haven't been before by Louise. Even by Maureen with her strap-on more than once. But unlike with Louise or Maureen, for someone as new to Sapphic sex as she was to have a strapless dildo was surprising. No doubt I would question her about it the next time we talked.
As soon as I arrived home I checked my cell phone for messages. The only new one was from Donna, informing me she would be staying in Wisconsin for a few weeks to take care of her mother-in-law after she suffered a stroke. Fortunately it wasn't a severe or debilitating one, but a relatively minor one, if there is such a thing with a stroke. She still was in need of some in-home care for a while, and with Donna's husband being her only child, he felt they should provide it until such time she could be on her own again.
After I replied, I proceeded to get dinner ready for Jim and I.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The next morning Nancy called while I was having my first cappuccino. When I answered it, I told her I was in the middle of something and would call her right back so I could text Maureen to let her know I'd be on the phone for a while. More than likely it would be a long conversation and I didn't want Maureen to get upset with me again if she tried to call.
After I did, and Nancy and I exchanged morning pleasantries... "You need to tell me where you got the strapless dildo you were going to use on me? And whatever possessed you to get one?"
"I got the idea from watching lesbian porn. As well as a few other things I'd like to try with you. As for getting the dildo, it was the easy part thanks to overnight FedX. But deciding which one wasn't. I still don't know if I made the right choice until I actually use it. Hint, hint."
"Don't worry, you will. While it was unfortunate you didn't yesterday, from my limited experience of being on the receiving end of one, it looked like it'll do the job for you. And it was a wise choice with it being the type that inserts in both your vagina and anus instead of just your vagina."
"Why, have you ever used one Lacey?"
"No I haven't. But the one time one was used on me, it was like yours and the user was very pleased with it. As well as I was from my end of things. She loved it versus using a strap-on. Between the two, the strapless dildo was way more pleasurable for her. She even orgasmed when I did."
"Hopefully I'll find out soon."
"That's only if you promise I can use it on you too?"
"Fair enough. Now onto a different subject..."
I didn't give her a chance to finish... "Let me guess, it has something to do with Saturday night?"
"Yes it does, but how did you know?"
"It's all you've talked about ever since we asked if you and Walter would like to join us."
"It's also all I think about since you asked. Do you blame me?"
"Not really. With it being your first time I can appreciate it'll consume all your thoughts until the time comes. Now what would you like to know that we haven't already discussed?"
"What to expect, or what will take place?"
"We've already been through it, Nancy. Once again, there's no set agenda. What happens...happens. And with everyone's consent. If one of us isn't keen on something, we won't do it. Obviously intercourse and oral sex are a given, but after that, everything else is fair game. And once again, it's as long as everyone is amiable to it. I wish I could tell you we'll do this, this and that, but I can't."
"You and I have talked about sex with our husbands so many times I have a pretty good idea of what it will be like with Jim, but what about John? Maureen even?"
"First of all, from what you've told me about Walter, John is the same as far as his penis size. Average with about a six inch dick. If you're concerned about meeting his expectations, he's easy to please. Not forgetting the fact that between him and Jim, just having intercourse with you will make their night. Let alone if you suck either one of their dicks, or they get to fuck you in the ass. Or who knows what else."
"That's good to know. Now what about Maureen?"
"Are you asking for yourself, or for Walter?"
"Both."
"As for Walter, Maureen is open to just about anything. Not forgetting she has a body to die for. I can't think of a thing she probably wouldn't do and enjoy. I wasn't even surprised when she asked to be DPed. Not that I haven't fantasized about it. And after seeing how much she enjoyed it, I plan on giving it a try myself at least once."
"I'm more curious about her expectations as far as me?"
"If you're concerned about her wanting to have sex with you, I have no doubt she will after she meets you in person at dinner Thursday night. But even if she does, and you're open to it, this Saturday night would not be the time or place. We're getting together as couples and heterosex will mainly be on the menu."
"That's good to hear."
"Why's that?"
"I don't know if I could have Sapphic sex with someone while others watched since I'm still new at it."
"I can appreciate you wouldn't, but like I said, it won't be the case so don't worry about it."
"I hope so as it's also a very personal thing for me at present."
"Meaning?"
"Personal, as it's something special with just you, and I couldn't imagine doing it with anyone else."
"You know I have. Does it bother you?"
"In some ways, yes. While I can't change the past, I would have liked your first time to have been with me too. But the fact you have had sex with other women made my first time all the more pleasurable. I can't imagine what it would have been like if you weren't experienced, but..."
She never finished. She purposely left her thoughts hanging in the air, which left me with a dilemma. Since I've been there myself, I knew how she felt. I felt the same way about Maureen at first. Still do in many ways with her being my first Sapphic lover, and us still being intimate and such close friends as we are. But my feelings eventually evolved and I knew Nancy's would too.
"If it's any consolation Nancy, when women at our age first explore their bisexuality, it's nearly always with someone who already has. Otherwise we probably never would, which would have been a shame for us because of the way we always felt about each other. As for me, if Maureen hadn't taken the initiative, I can assure you nothing ever would have happened between her and I. I would have been too afraid of ruining our friendship if it was up to me. And if she hadn't, I can also assure you for as long as I've been attracted to you, we wouldn't be where we are for the same reason."
"I guess I owe Maureen a big thank you then."
"In some ways we both do. Now one last thing, it will only be a matter of time before you find yourself attracted to someone besides me and be interested in having sex with them. And them with you. I'm sure more than one woman has flirted with you without you realizing it in the hopes of getting between your legs. The only difference is now you won't be oblivious to it. If and when it happens, I want you to promise me you won't let your feelings for me get in the way if you would like to pursue it with them."
"I doubt that will happen, Lacey. Not the way I feel about you."
"Trust me, it will. Just promise me you won't and we'll leave it at that for now."
"I promise, but I doubt very much it'll ever be the case."
While I wanted to impress upon her how her feelings would eventually change, I didn't want to belabor the issue and decided to change the subject... "Now you didn't tell me why Walter came home early yesterday?"
"He wasn't feeling well, although it is unusual for him to come home when he doesn't. He usually bears with it until it's his normal time to leave. But the good news is, he felt fine this morning and is back at work."
"That's good to hear. I just hope he's fully over whatever was ailing him. Of all weeks, I hate for him to come down with something and for you two not to be able to make it to dinner Thursday. Or even worse, for our planned get-together Saturday night."
"I don't think it'll be the case, but even if he is and can't make it, I'll be there 'stag'."
After I laughed... "I doubt very much Walter will go along with that. We'll just postpone things relative to you two joining us. One way or another it seems inevitable. Now I hate to end our interesting conversation, but I really need to go. I need to get my bike ride in, and then Maureen and I are going to the Mall in Indy to do some serious binge shopping."
"Sounds like fun, but do you think there's any way you and I can get together again before Thursday night?"
"As much as I'd like to, it'll be impossible, Nancy. Obviously I can't today, then tomorrow I have a luncheon date with my friend Louise. What about you, do you have anything planned?"
"Nothing until tomorrow, but it isn't anything I couldn't cancel. Hint, hint."
After I laughed again... "Like Maureen has said more than once about me...'I think I created a monster.' I swear you're insatiable already when it comes to Sapphic sex."
"You only have yourself to blame."
"You sound like me now, and as Maureen would say when I blame her... 'If it wasn't me, it would have been someone else.' Now with that thought planted in your pretty little head, I really need to go."
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The next two days flew by. Maureen and I shopped until we almost literally dropped. And I couldn't have enjoyed a long leisurely lunch the next day more than with my dear friend Louise.
Dinner Thursday evening couldn't have gone better if we wanted it to. Amazingly well, and needless to say, it resulted in us finalizing plans to get together Saturday evening at John and Maureen's house. And from the way we said our goodbyes by hugging and kissing in the parking lot, it couldn't come fast enough.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As I expected, Nancy called bright and early the next morning as I was having my first cappuccino.
"Good morning Nancy, and I had a feeling you'd call."
"Good morning Lacey, and am I getting that predictable?"
"No, but I knew you'd want to talk again about Saturday night now that us all getting together is all but assured. Not that I wouldn't be the same way if the roles were reversed. So what would you like to talk about that we already haven't?"
"Nothing really other than being so damn nervous about it. And at the same time so excited. Does that make sense?"
"Yes and no. I can appreciate you being excited now that you met John and Maureen, but I also thought you'd be less nervous by now. As I've said more than once, everything will be fine, and you and Walter will be going home at the end of the night grinning from ear to ear. Not forgetting how much you'll fuck each other's brains out the next day. That's if you're not too sore."
"Now there's a thought...too sore to have sex. Never been in that situation."
"Only kidding about the too sore part, but you will end up having more than your fair share of sex. And hopefully enjoy it as much as anyone could their first time."
"Was it the case with you, Lacey?"
"Very much so. Why do you think we keep getting together?"
"Stupid question I guess."
"Not at all. There's no such thing as a stupid question. With that in mind, and while I can't imagine there is, is there anything you haven't asked me about at this point?"
"What should I wear?"
"Since you won't have your clothes on for long hopefully, there's no need to look your best as far as what you wear. Besides, you already wowed everyone last night the way you were dressed. Plus you even took my breath away with your hair slicked back with styling gel. And so you'll know, the next time just you and I get together, I expect you to have your hair the same way. I can't tell you how wet I got thinking of how you'd look with your head between my legs with your hair like that."
"It's nice to know it was such a hit with you, and you can count on it. Now what about everyone else?"
"You already know what Jim thinks of you, but he was even blown away with how terrific you looked. As for John, I'm surprised he was able to consume any food after the way he devoured you with his eyes. Of course Walter had the same problem when it came to Maureen. With both of them seeing each of you for the first time in person they couldn't have been more pleased. And you and Maureen couldn't have looked better in a seductive way if you tried."
"You looked pretty damn sexy yourself Lacey. I had all I could do not to gawk at you."
"I noticed, and so you'll know, I also found myself ogling you and Maureen more than I should have. Now, as far as what to wear, a simple sundress or just pants and a dressy top is fine. But no undergarments. Bra or panties. You want to look your best when you first get undressed, and that means having no panty or bra lines. Also no jewelry except maybe for stud earrings and maybe an ankle bracelet to draw attention to your pretty feet. Rings are fine, as long as they aren't something like a cocktail ring, which could scratch someone."
"You seem like an old pro at this?"
"No, just a quick learner. As for no undergarments, it's more from my experience photographing women nude. What little I've done of it. Especially of women our age where the impressions in our skin from wearing panties and a bra take longer to fade, or disappear, than someone much younger. With John and Jim seeing you naked for the first time, I'm sure you want to look even better than they envision you will."
"You're something else Lacey. You think of everything. Now don't forget, Walter will be seeing you naked for the first time too. And Maureen."
"I can assure you, he'll be thrilled when it comes to Maureen. As for me, maybe not so much. But definitely with Maureen. You either."
"You underestimate yourself, Lacey. But why do you say I'll be thrilled with Maureen too?"
"I didn't say anything earlier, but I couldn't help notice how you were looking at her in between looking at me. And her at you."
"Do you think she noticed?"
"I'm sure she did, and much to her delight. Are you surprised the way you did?"
"I might have been if it wasn't for the talk we had at the Electric Percolator after I found myself admiring Sandra's bum. Lovely as Maureen is, it was impossible not to. Especially knowing she's bisexual."
"While I haven't talked to Maureen this morning, I could tell from the way she was looking at you, albeit more discreetly. She's just as smitten with you. Maybe more so."
After a short pause, Nancy then added... "It's going to be a more interesting evening than I expected. Until last night I was just worried about Jim and John, but now I'm just as nervous about Maureen after meeting her."
While most women won't admit it, when we get dressed to go out, regardless of the reason or where, we usually do so with other women in mind. Simply put, we dress to impress other women more so than the opposite sex. Even to the point where they'll be jealous or envious of how we look in something. Same goes if we're ever in a situation where another woman might see us naked for some reason. Or even partially undressed.
With that in mind... "It's not surprising to be nervous about Maureen seeing you naked for the first time. While John and Walter won't be disappointed, just the opposite and justifiably so. I can assure you Maureen will be just as impressed as I was the first time I saw you in all your naked glory. So stop worrying. Otherwise you'll be a basket case by tomorrow night. If you don't, the next thing I know is you'll be canceling out on us at the last minute. Or be a nervous wreck if you do make it."
"No I won't Lacey, and thanks for the kind and reassuring words. And for trying to put my mind at ease. Actually you helped a lot, and I can assure you I'll be there with 'bells' on."
After she paused for a second... "With that said, I'll let you go. I'm sure Maureen has been trying to get a hold of you too."
"I have received a few prompts that someone's been calling, and it's most likely her at this early hour. But before we say our goodbyes, don't hesitate to call me if you need to. The last thing I want is for you to get into a panic over something you forgot to ask about. Okay?"
"Okay Lacey, and Maureen did say to be there at seven?"
"Yes she did, and don't be late or else we're liable to start without you."
After the call ended my phone immediately began chiming. It was Maureen.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Finally the long awaited get-together arrived, and surprisingly without any more phone calls from Nancy. Jim and I arrived early so we could help with preparing things. While Jim and John rearranged the living room to make room on the floor for three tri-folding mattresses, I helped Maureen in the kitchen with making a couple of platters of "finger food" to eat, if and when we took a break with things.
As we were, Maureen asked... "So how do you expect things to go tonight with Walter and Nancy?"
"As nervous as Nancy's been, I'm nervous. I just hope it wasn't a mistake asking them to join us."
"Well, you know them better than I do. Especially Nancy. So if you're nervous, I guess I should be too."
"Don't be. It's not as though they're strangers, or a couple neither of us knows very well. It would have been a lot riskier with a couple we didn't. Being it's Walter and Nancy, I'm sure everything will be fine in spite of it being their first time and me being nervous. But we still shouldn't be surprised if there is a hiccup or two. Even if there is, I doubt it'll be serious enough to ruin things. Besides, as much as they've wanted to do something like this, they could very well make it an evening we won't forget."
"Maybe it's just me, but after meeting them first, I'm thinking it will be."
"I hope you're right. Since I'm the one who suggested asking them to join us, I feel the onus will be on me if it doesn't pan out well. And if it doesn't, I doubt we'll ever entertain the thought of including another couple again."
"I guess we would blame you."
"Thanks a lot. I'll be sure to remember that the next time you suggest trying a new sex toy you just bought on me."
Just then, the security system signaled a car was coming up their long driveway. When we checked the monitor in the kitchen, it was Walter and Nancy. And by the time displayed on the screen, they were early.
"Why don't you let them in Lacey, while I finish up here."
Just as I arrived at the front door the doorbell rang. When I opened it and Nancy saw it was me, she reached for her neck and started jingling a tiny bell that was attached to a black velvet cosplay choker.
I had to laugh... "You did say you'd be here with bells on, but I thought you meant it figuratively." Then after I looked at Walter as he shrugged his shoulders... "And don't tell me you plan on wearing it all night."
"I most certainly do, so get used to hearing it as I intend to give it a real workout." Which made me laugh again, and also realize how relaxed she seemed, and intent on having a good time.
After we hugged and kissed, I led them to the kitchen, where John and Jim were also now. After everyone greeted each other, which included more than just a friendly kiss initiated by Maureen between her and Nancy, John got a bottle of beer for the men and a glass of wine for us ladies before proposing a toast.
"Here's to dear old friends and soon to be new ones, after what I'm sure will be a memorable evening."
Maureen seconded it, and we then broke up into two groups with us ladies in one and the men in the other before they drifted off to the living room.
After we chatted about our day, Nancy while looking at me asked how we would determine who would be with who when the adult activities first began.
"Good question Nancy, and since it's our first time with another couple, I'm not sure. Lately when it's just the four of us, one of us would simply say 'what are we waiting for' before we got undressed and openly had sex with each other's spouse. But with three couples, and it being your first time, I suppose we'll have to put some thought into who pairs up with who at first."
Maureen then added... "If it's up to the men, Walter would have to decide between me and Lacey. As for Lacey and I, I don't think it really matters. When it comes to John and Jim, I'm sure they'd both like to be first with you Nancy."
Nancy then asked... "But what says the men get to choose?"
Before Maureen could reply... "Nothing does. I think Maureen was just thinking out loud. Why? Do you have a preference of who you'd like to start things off with?"
Nancy then looked at Maureen before saying... "No offense Maureen, but I'd like it to be with Jim. Mainly because of how long I've known him, and always been attracted to him. Not forgetting all the times you and I talked Lacey, about our sex life at home and you stressed how good it was with Jim. Not forgetting how you've mentioned how well endowed he is and the certain benefits that come with it."
After I looked at Maureen, who also couldn't wait for Jim to fuck her with his big dick when we had our first foursome... "I guess I shouldn't be surprised. And I know Jim has a thing for you too. Lord knows he talks about you enough, especially the last two weeks. The question is, how do we go about it without making it obvious and offending John."
After we all just looked at each other for what seemed like five minutes, Maureen finally spoke up... "With all of us together for the reason we are, I'm sure once we're all in the living room there will be a certain uneasiness about things with it being Walter and Nancy's first time. That is, everyone will ignore the 'elephant in the room' of why we're all there. Call it human nature, but no one is going to want to be the one who first suggests we start having sex with each other."
After Maureen paused for a second... "We probably should have thought more about how to start things off beforehand, but since we didn't, we could casually suggest playing a game to get things started. Something like 'truth or dare', or strip poker even. Unfortunately by playing a game to start things off won't necessarily mean Nancy will get to be with Jim at first. At best it would be a 50-50 proposition.
With that in mind, how about we do this? As soon as I sense everyone is chomping at the bit to get started with the 'adult' activities, I'll suggest that since we're all probably a little apprehensive about things with it being Walter and Nancy's first time, that maybe you Lacey would be nice enough to begin things as when just the four of us first got together. Of course I'm not exactly sure how I'll go about proposing it until the time comes, but I'll be sure it comes across like I just thought of it versus it being something we planned."
After Maureen looked at me... "That's if you don't mind Lacey? I know John won't. There isn't anything he enjoys more than when you give him a blow job as good as you are. Plus after you do, he'll be out of commission for a while, which will allow Nancy and I to do whatever with Jim and Walter respectively. And since you'll have the luxury of watching us, as we will you very attentively, maybe you can video us with Walter's super duper iPhone for our viewing pleasure at a later time."
Being the exhibitionist I am, I was thrilled about her suggestion, but didn't want to seem excited about it... "Since our goal is to ensure Nancy gets to be with Jim first, and I can't come up with anything better, I'm willing to go along with it. What about you Nancy, do you have a better idea?"
"You're forgetting I'm entirely new at this. Besides, there's nothing I'd like more than to watch you give someone a blow job. I have a feeling I'll be in for a real treat as good as you are at eating pussy."
Soon as the words were out of her mouth about me being good at eating pussy, I could see she felt it was the last thing she should have said in front of Maureen.
Maureen could too, and seeing it troubled her... "Nancy, there's no need to be concerned about mentioning anything relative to you and Lacey. I'm well aware of you two being intimate as you have been. There isn't anything Lacey and I don't share with each other because of how close we are, and I couldn't be happier for you both."
Her pained expression was immediately replaced by one of relief... "Thank you Maureen, I thought for sure I put my foot in my mouth."
"You didn't. Actually it's kind of a good thing you did say something. That way neither one of us has to walk on eggshells afraid to say anything about our personal relationships with Lacey. Besides, I couldn't agree with you more about Lacey's pussy eating skills."
"Then it isn't just me?"
"Hell no! But to be honest, I'd never thought she'd be as good as she is. I'm sure Lacey has told you about us..." Of which Nancy nodded her head in the affirmative. "...and about yours truly being the first person she had Sapphic sex with. To make a long story short, I never imagined she would be as good as she is at eating pussy. I assumed she'd eventually be good at it as most women are, but not to the degree she is. And how she developed a passion for it the way she has. Way beyond anything I've ever experienced before. I just hope some of it rubs off on you and I get the opportunity one day to find out if it has."
Before Nancy could reply, Maureen quickly continued... "As for you being in for a real treat when she performs fellatio...you will be. Take it from me, you're in for a rude awakening if you think you're good at it. I know I was, and my blow jobs have never been the same."
Just as we all were laughing, John walked into the kitchen to get three more beers. It couldn't have been better timing. Otherwise I'm sure Nancy would have wanted Maureen to elaborate more about getting an opportunity to find out if my pussy eating skills rub off on her. After finally meeting Maureen, and both of them seemingly smitten with each other, she seemed excited about such a prospect. Even in spite of proclaiming just a few days ago she couldn't imagine having sex with any woman other than me.
After John had the three beers from the refrigerator in hand... "What made the three of you laugh like you were?"
"You don't want to know John." And it was Maureen.
"Knowing you, it's probably best that I don't. By the way, when are you girls going to join us in the living room? Or do you plan on spending all night here in the kitchen?"
"We'll be right behind you after we get another glass of wine."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As soon as we entered the living room I noticed how Nancy's eyes widened when she saw the tri-folding mattresses on the floor in the center of the room. It seemed like she wanted to say something as her mouth started to open, but didn't. I couldn't help but worry if the sight of them, and the thought of what we would be doing on them in front of each other, suddenly gave her second thoughts about things.
Walter and Jim were sitting on a sofa, while John was seated in an armchair near it. With that being the case, we all sat on another sofa on the opposite side of the mattresses. Probably a bit farther apart than everyone liked, but it couldn't be helped with the way John and Jim arranged the room. Something I made a mental note to talk to them about for future get-togethers with another couple, or couples.
As feared, we talked about everything and anything but why we were all there. Even with the mattresses on the floor, we all avoided talking about the obvious. It was as though everyone was afraid if they were the first to say something they would be struck by a bolt of lightning.
Finally after another round of drinks, and a trip to use the bathroom by us girls, it became obvious everyone was getting anxious about things.
Finally when I thought to myself, if Maureen didn't say something soon, I would. She finally did... "Hopefully it's not just me, but I think we've all procrastinated long enough about why we're all together like this. I can appreciate we're all nervous because it's Walter and Nancy's first time, but we really need to get things started or else we'll be here all night. With that in mind, I was going to suggest we watch some porn to get us motivated. That's until I thought of something better."
After she paused for a second, she looked at me before saying... "If you don't mind Lacey, and with John's permission, would you mind giving him a blow job like you did the first time just us four had sex together? It was an amazing way to begin our first time, and it sure beats watching porn videos."
Obviously I feigned a stunned expression before purposely hesitating as though I needed to give it some thought. Finally I looked at John... "You okay with it John? I am if you are, and Maureen is right. It's long past time for us to get the show on the road."
Without saying a word, John stood up and started to get undressed. I also stood up and walked towards him as I first kicked off my sandals before removing my sundress.
As I advised Nancy, I wasn't wearing anything underneath it and was butt naked by the time I reached him. I also noticed how Walter's eyes lit up when he saw me in my birthday suit for the first time, and how he seemed pleased at what he saw.
By the time I reached John he was totally naked and I nicely instructed him to get comfortable in the armchair with his bum on the edge of the seat cushion and his legs spread. Once he was, I leaned over to kiss him before I knelt upright between his legs. But not before placing a throw pillow from the nearby sofa under my knees.
John's penis was limp as could be. No doubt from how nervous he was with just him and I being naked. Not that he was going to be the main focus of their attention. I would be once I started sucking his cock.
Everyone else was just as anxious too, but for different reasons. Particularly in Walter and Nancy's case with it being their first time seeing two people have sex up close and personal.
As for me, being the exhibitionist I am, I couldn't have been more thrilled about doing one of my favorite things with an audience. Including John, since there isn't a man alive that doesn't watch you like a hawk when you suck his cock. I simply love the feeling I get from being watched while having sex, and how it affects me. Makes whatever you're doing ten times more enjoyable.
John's penis was just the way I like to start a blow job. Totally limp and flaccid as could be. There's nothing I enjoy more than a cock becoming fully erect in my mouth as it grows in length and girth until it fills it.
When I first took it in the fingers of one hand, I noticed everyone gathering around us. Two on each side with Jim and Nancy together, and Walter and Maureen on the other. I also notice Jim had his super duper iPhone as Maureen calls it pointed at me. Not sure whose idea it was to video me. Not that I minded.
I first pulled John's foreskin back before taking all of his dick in my mouth, which was barely three inches, limp as it was. Then as I gently began to suck it, I made it a point to rest my forearms and hands on John's thighs so everyone would have a clear view of things. It was also helpful for their viewing pleasure that I kept my hair cut short.
Gradually I sucked John's dick more intently along with swirling my tongue around it, and quickly achieved the desired results as his dick began to swell and grow almost immediately. It didn't take long before it was fully erect and I had to back off slightly.
John's dick is normally just shy of six inches when fully erect, but disproportionately fat. A good inch and half in diameter, but it felt noticeably larger in my mouth from when I've sucked it before. It could have been just me, but it seemed longer and bigger in girth. John either took a little blue pill in preparation for tonight's activities, which also gets Jim's dick noticeably bigger and harder, or I was responsible for it.
Either way, with his cock more aroused than in the past, it made me more determined to give him the best blow job he ever experienced. Not forgetting putting on the best show possible for everyone else's pleasure.
With a steady up and down bobbing motion I incrementally went down on it deeper and deeper until the tip of his cockhead started to enter my throat. Once it did, I backed off just enough so I could repeatedly mouth fuck all but the last inch or so of his cock. And all while I held onto his hips for leverage as my head and mouth did all the work.
Soon as I developed a smooth rhythm, saliva began oozing out my mouth and down his cock shaft. And to make it even more pleasurable for John, I would occasionally take his entire cock in my mouth and throat.
Just briefly for a second at most before backing off so I wouldn't start gagging. But long enough for John to enjoy the satisfaction a man seems to get with their cock fully inserted in your mouth.
While I'm not the best when it comes to repeatedly deep throating someone, I've found doing it at least intermittently does wonders for the recipient. Not forgetting with Jim recording me, how the brief moments with his cock fully buried in my mouth, along with the copious amounts of saliva pouring out of it, would make for a great video.
As I became totally consumed with sucking John's cock, love juice began flowing out my pussy. I usually get wet from the personal enjoyment I get from orally pleasuring someone, but not to the degree where it was streaming down the inside of my thighs. No doubt four people watching me, along with being videoed, had a lot to do with it. What more could an exhibitionist ask for?
Then while least expecting it, I suddenly felt a hand on my back. And smooth as it was I knew it had to be either Maureen or Nancy. I quickly learned it was Nancy, when she whispered in my ear... "You are amazing, Lacey." With a lot of emphasis on the amazing.
It caused me to pause for a second, which she took advantage of to French kiss my ear seductively, and sent chills racing down my spine. But just as suddenly she moved away and I immediately resumed sucking John's cock, which never left my mouth.
Not long after I did, John's legs started to close in on me and he began moaning near continuously. A sure sign he was close to cumming and an eruption would soon shoot out his cock.
The few times I've sucked John's cock and he's about ready to ejaculate, he's always grabbed my head with both hands. But being well aware of Jim videoing me, he grabbed and held onto my wrists instead.
By now I was bobbing up and down on John's dick about as fast as I've ever had when giving a blow job. As for sucking it, my entire face would've imploded if I sucked any harder, and I couldn't have been noisier about it.
Just when I didn't think I couldn't keep up the pace any longer, his grip on my wrists tightened as he let loose with a deep guttural groan. Followed by his cock pulsating as the first stream of hot semen shot into my mouth.
It was quickly followed by another, and then another. All so fast, the only thing I could do was let it flow straight out my mouth and down his cock shaft onto his groin. No way could I swallow them as rapidly as they shot out. For all intent and purposes, my mouth was just a temporary way station for his cumload before it spilled out.
And it ended up being a big one. Made me thankful I didn't attempt to capture it all in my mouth to swallow in one gulp. A good half dozen strong blasts of his normally watery semen followed by a few weaker spurts. It wasn't the most "ladylike" blow job I ever performed the way it spewed out my mouth, but I couldn't wait to see the video.
Once he was totally spent, I gave his cockhead a few loving licks before thoroughly sucking it dry. Much to John's pleasure as he couldn't resist running his fingers through my hair as I did.
When I finished, and after casually leaning back on my heels... "Did you enjoy that John?"
Before he could answer... "I don't know about John, but we sure did." It was Nancy. "Maureen was right, I couldn't have been more blown away by it and you."
"She's right, Lacey." It was John. "You're simply the best when it comes to sucking cock, but you outdid yourself. Now I don't mean to seem ungrateful, but I really need to clean myself." After which he made his way to the bathroom, along with me using the sink in the kitchen to rinse my mouth.
When I returned, and after I saw everyone oohing and aahing around Jim, as they watched the video he took I nearly shouted... "How come you're all still dressed? I thought the purpose of me giving John a blow job while you watched was to get the rest of you motivated, and here you are watching a rerun of it."
After everyone just looked at me, I went up to Jim, and snatched the cell phone out of his hand... "If you and Nancy are still dressed by the time I count to ten, I'm going to delete the video you just took."