When the film gets too real
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
The latest film for the Nigkala series is 'Vengeance At Last'. It is about her need for vengeance when her father is killed, and I got hired not only for the lead, but also as the Assistant Producer. We would shoot on location near the ancient city of Kish. I arrived three months early to help out with everything. The largest issues were a local dispute over women's rights causing crowds of protesters, and a related problem of securing locations to shoot everything.
As a western woman with a prominent position of authority over men, I was often the target of protests by men against changing the way things are. I was likewise held up as an example of the power a woman can hold. A few days after I arrived, I was invited to eat dinner with the owner of a building we wanted to use. He told me to meet him at a local restaurant. As I moved to enter, a large man stepped in front of me.
He said, in the local language, "You are not welcome here."
Replying, I said, "I have been invited. Please stand aside."
"No. Now leave."
"Again, please stand aside. I am expected."
"Bitch, I said leave," he then rushed me, thinking to push me to the ground. While he was a big man, I am a bigger woman. I also expected something like this and had augmented my weight. His push got nowhere. He stood up to gather his wits.
"So, you wish to use force. Very well." I then shot a hand out and grabbed his clothes and lifted him off his feet. "Allow me to place you out of my way." I then turned around and released him two feet off the ground behind me. I then turned back and headed in. He got up, gathered himself, pulled out a knife and charged me. I whirled so fast, he had no chance. My kick hit him in the head, sending him flying almost twenty feet into a wall, and then he fell to the ground. As I saw him try to shake it off, I whammied him and said, "Stay down." He just gave up then. There was utter silence on the street as those who saw, were stunned. I just calmly walked in, and asked to be taken to the man I was meeting.
We had been served, and were in the middle of eating when the large man came into the restaurant with two more large men. They headed our way, and the restaurant got quiet to see what was about to happen. I gave no visible indication I paid them any attention, but I did harden my skin in case they chose to use weapons. They stopped at our table, and broke into our conversation.
"Bitch. Time to leave. You can walk out or be thrown out, and I hope you choose to resist." I ignored him, and continued talking to the man I was with. "Okay guys, bring her." They laid hands on me, and tried to lift me, but I added sufficient weight to counter their strength without breaking the chair.
"Uh, boss, we can't lift her."
"Then hit her first. Knock her out, and she'll come easily enough."
They tried, but after a few hits, I told my companion, "Excuse me a moment." Then stood up slowly and turned around. Shooting out both hands, I grabbed their clothes and lifted them both off their feet. "Gentlemen, you are causing a disturbance. You do not belong here. Now leave." As I said that, I used An's authority on them. "The door is over there. Go." I then let them go, and they fell two feet to the ground. One landed on his feet, the other did not. Both left hastily. Again, with An's authority, I pointed to the large man, and said, "Come here," and waited.
It was clear he didn't want to obey, but I just pushed An's authority. Suddenly, to everyone's surprise, he started to approach. It was hesitant, and sporadic, but he came. Eventually, he was in front of me.
"Bow to this gentleman, and beg his forgiveness for interrupting our peaceful conversation." In addition to An's authority, I laid a hand on his shoulder, and used my extra weight to push him down. He didn't want to, but as I applied more weight, his back began to bend, as did his knees. Even when he was fully bent, he tried to resist, so I whammied him, "Beg for his forgiveness, now. And be polite about it."
A few seconds later, he said, "Sir, I have disturbed you. Please forgive me," then he looked at me. I looked to my companion.
He just said, "It is clear you acted without thought. I will forgive you, this time. Do not do it again."
"You heard him. Now depart, and don't let us see you again tonight." I released him, and he slowly got up, and left, fear clearly on his face. I again sat back down, and soon conversations resumed, but centered on me.
"I am sorry about that. He seems to be under the impression I don't belong here, even though you invited me."
"How did you do that? Those men were as large as you."
"You know, I play the character Nigkala. Well, I rarely have a stunt double, as finding someone to be my double is quite difficult. Also, the fights are real, even if scripted. When I lift an opponent, it is not a special effect. I am that strong. Usually I need two hands to do it, but the standard attire here makes it easy to use one hand. I figure doing it one-handed carries more impact."
"It does, believe me, it does. And you kept so calm, even when they started hitting you."
"They acted like thugs. I am a warrior, a professional. They think they have power because they are big. I know I am powerful because I know I could easily kill them, even with three against one. I did not feel they were a significant threat."
"Wow. You are that dangerous?"
"Yes. I teach unarmed fighting at the highest levels. I know a number of weapons, and am able to kill easily if I want to. Back home, the police know this, and I made sure the local police also know it. They also know I am quite peaceable. It is because I can easily kill that I am so calm. I have no desire for trouble. If I ignore slights, things go along more smoothly. But at times, as you just saw, some cannot let things go."
"I see. I mean, I did see."
"Enough about them. They are not important. Let's get back to our meal, and discussion about using your property." We returned to our discussion, and he finally agreed to let us use his property. He also said he would encourage others to allow us to film. When we finished, I insisted on paying the bill, as it was a business meeting where I was seeking something from him. He finally allowed me to. We parted at the door.
The next day, I was scheduled to speak with a local union that we wanted to hire as set construction workers. I chose to walk there, and did my best to keep a low profile. Even so, several recognized me. When I got there, several were talking about the upcoming work. I gathered their attention, and began discussions. I took extensive notes of what they wanted, and I gave them an estimate of what we were ready to give. We talked back and forth a bit, but by the end of the day, we came to an agreement. I think the food delivery I arranged for lunch might have made them more amenable to working with me.
Every few days, I seemed to encounter men who chose to publicly disrespect me. I ignored what I could, and tried to peaceably deal with the rest. I made use of An's authority, and my whammie to get my way, while trying to be as fair as I could. A few times, I was 'invited' to speak with the cops. They were never able to make anything stick, because they never had any proof that I started anything. And admitting I was being charged for defending myself would have been even worse. They generally let me go with the warning that they were watching me. So the next time they talked to me, I asked what they saw while they watched me during whatever incident caused my presence there. They never liked answering that question.
As the weeks went by, everything was coming together. The director was casting all the extras, including an older man intended to play Nigkala's father. I chose to spend some time with him to help us get chemistry. I also spent time with others that I would be working with. I did caution everyone that being active in the protests could interfere in the film. I especially told the old man playing my father, as I knew he was an activist. I urged him to stay low-key until the filming was done.
Eventually, we had to hire some people to keep the protesters away from the shoot. We also recorded them during the shoot so that we could use the sound to cancel the sound that carried to the set. The protesters often pointed to me as an example of change. Some wanted it, some hated it. I just tried to stay out of it. One worry I had was the escalating violence happening on both sides.
The day before shooting was scheduled to begin, there was an explosion at one of the nearby protests. I issued orders to tighten security, and I requested the producer to get more security to handle the troubled situation. I personally vetted the security team to ensure they had no hidden agendas.
We shot the outdoor scenes first, so we could make use of the locations before too many protesters showed up to disturb things. We even did a few fight scenes in the street. However, twice I was handed a real weapon rather than one blunted or trick weapon. It was only my habit to verify my weapon with my rock sense that I caught the solid and sharp metal rather than the blunt, rubber, or spring-loaded tip. I had to reprimand the grip each time. I also passed the word to the other fighters to verify their props before using them.
Next, we did the sex scenes, where I had various encounters. We chose to film my street sex scenes on a closed section of the street, blocked off from view of everyone, and relatively quiet. We planned to add better sounds in post-production rather than risk the sensibilities here. The inside scenes were a lot easier to control, and could have full sound from us.
The last day of shooting was the big party sex fight scene. We were using a large warehouse decked out as a mansion with a wide-open layout. Even though the party was in six rooms, everyone could see anyone in any of the rooms through open arches, sometimes with low walls making the arch into a window to the next room. Most of the ladies looked like the locals, but were of western culture, and thus had fewer hang-ups about open sex. Halfway through, a fight would break out, catching me with my pants down, so to speak.
We shot the bad guys breaking into the western side, while I was on the eastern side. While I was nude, under a man, I pushed him off, and grabbed my weapons from the armor lying beside me. Running up to the fight, I joined in.
My 'Father' screamed, "Don't kill me!" and then cowered beneath a large man with a sword.
Then we switched to the camera looking over my shoulder. I turned to see him and cried out, "No!" I then threw my trick dagger at the large guy, timing it, so it would get to where he was just after another bad guy fell into him, knocking him out of the way. The script had my knife pierce my father in the heart, and lots of blood would spill. That's not what happened. For some reason, the guy coming from off camera waved his arm and my knife was deflected and missed. But the actor playing my father screamed, and there was a dagger in his chest, with real blood.
I knew it wasn't my knife, as I could see it on the ground nearby, leaking fake blood. I shouted, "Medic! Man down!" and rushed over to him. I could see his life draining before me. So without thinking, I laid him down and pulled the dagger out. Then I pressed my hand over the wound to keep the blood in. Quickly, I scanned him with Inanna's healing and realized the blade had pierced the heart. He would be dead in seconds if I didn't do anything. So I fed him chi, even as I instinctively pushed Inanna's healing to close the wound in the heart, without the usual 'perfect' image.
I took another look, and realized he was hovering on the edge of death, and my chi was helping to keep him on this side. I pushed half again as much chi to sustain him, then focused on Inanna's healing to fix his heart and move a lot of the blood spilled within his chest back into his veins and arteries. When the image came, I pushed hard, supplying a lot of my chi to power it, rather than use up his. While this worked, it also shocked his system so much, his heart stopped. I did the only thing I could think of - I sent a tiny spark into his heart to restart it. When I realized it was beating, and more than half the spilled blood was back where it belonged, I pulled my focus back.
That is when I found the medic there trying to get me to move, so they could attend him. "Uh... Oh. Sorry. I was too focused on him. Just say when."
They positioned everything, and then said, "Go," so I backed off. I stayed near, so I could supply chi. As they got him patched up, I lessened the chi slowly down to nothing just before they were going to take him off to the hospital.
The director decided to halt the shoot for the day, and try to finish it tomorrow. Even as we were getting dressed, some police came up to me to arrest me for the attempted murder of the activist that played my father. I yelled to the director, "Finish the shoot without me. I'll be okay. Send the lawyers for me."
"Shut up!" The police said, as they were handcuffing me. I went quietly.
The first problem was getting me in their car. I wound up sitting sideways. They also had three or four cops with drawn guns, every time I was being relocated or outside the cell. In fact, the first cell they put me in held five violent men. As soon as the cops went out of sight, they came up to me, and the leader said, "Oh, we're going to have fun with you."
I replied, "I have no desire to fight you. Please leave me alone."
"I don't think so. You two, grab her arms and hold her." They moved in and grabbed my arms.
"Please leave me alone."
"Let's see what she looks like under those clothes." He moved forward and grabbed my shirt to pull it out.
I just flexed, and pulled both men holding my arms together quickly, smashing their leader between them. Both men holding me got knocked off, and the leader also fell down. "I said leave me alone. Do not make me repeat myself." I then moved over to a bench and sat.
I saw the leader get up, think a moment, and then yell, "Everyone. Get her. Show her who runs things here."
I just augmented myself to harden my skin and increase my weight. When they started hitting me, I just let them for a bit, before saying, "Gentlemen. It appears you have made a poor decision. It is time to rethink your decision." I just lashed out, hitting each of the attackers in the center of the chest, hard. Most had the breath knocked out of them, all were pushed back, often several feet, and fell down. I then got up and walked over to the leader.
"You don't seem to get it." I then grabbed him with both hands, raised him over my head, and bashed him into the ceiling several times before I tossed him into his friends. "You have no power over me." I then went back to the bench. I said, "Now, please leave me alone," and then sat back down. It seemed he finally learned.
An hour later, and the cops came in to bring me to the interrogation room. They were clearly surprised I sat alone on the bench and the others all were on the other side of the cell, ignoring me. The lead cop tossed a pair of cuffs, and told me to put them on, so I did. Then they let me out of the cell and escorted me to the interrogation room. There was another man there, in a suit.
Once in the room, the cop asked, "What happened in the cell?"
The suit said, "Don't answer that."
I said, "Those people thought I was there for their pleasure. We had a civil discussion where I turned them down."
"You expect me to believe that?"
"Go ahead and ask them if I was impolite."
"Right... moving on. Why did you try to kill Muhtadi?"
The suit said, "Don't answer that. I'm your lawyer."
"I did not try to kill the old man." I turned to him and introduced myself. "Hi, I'm Becky Sue Tate. What's your name?"
"I'm Jack Burton, no relation. Here's my card."
I took it, and I saw his details, and recognized him as belonging to the law group we used in the country.
Breaking into our conversation, the cop said, "We have your fingerprints on the blade. You put it into him when you threw it."
"Of course my prints were on it. I pulled it out. As for throwing it, I don't know that it was thrown. The dagger I threw had a fake blade, and it was knocked down midair, and I saw it on the ground nearby. Check the films. I'm sure they will let you see the shots."
"Why did you choose to attack him?"
"The script called for me to throw my dagger at the actor playing an enemy, who would be knocked out of the way, allowing the dagger to continue and hit Muhtadi. The dagger I threw was designed to look real, but do no damage. He was okay with that, and the dagger I threw was the fake dagger. I don't know how the real dagger got there. As he survived the attack, why don't you ask him?"
"We will, be assured of that, and we'll see that he says you threw the dagger that hit him."
"I'll wait to see what he says."
Jack said, "Becky Sue, please don't admit to anything."
"What I said is the truth. Easily found out by asking anyone involved in the scene. There is no point in hiding the obvious."
"Even so, please let me say it. You don't know all the legal ins and outs, and what they might use against you."
"Very well. I'll try."
The interrogation seemed to go on forever, but I later learned it was only two hours. While I occasionally did not heed my lawyer, most of the time I would whisper to him, and he would handle the response. When the session was over, Jack said, "I need to talk with my client in private."
"Okay. You can use this room for an hour."
"This room is set up to record everything. I said in private."
We eventually were escorted to a conference room, with two guards outside the doors.
"I hope we are private here."
"You are not sure?"
"You never know."
"Let me think for a moment." I then looked around the room, even as I scanned the room with my other senses. I discovered an open mike, so I walked over and looked at the potted plant. Lifting the pot, I saw a wire, so I followed the wire until it went into the wall. There I found a socket the wire was plugged into, so I pulled it out. Continuing my scan, I found no other devices. "I think we are clear now."
Jack raised his eyebrows.
"An actress is a jack of all trades. You would not believe what I've learned over the years."
"Actually, I am not surprised. I represented enough of them. So, before they cut this short, tell me what happened from your point of view."
I did, but I also mentioned that I had twice found my prop weapon was the real thing by mistake. I suggested it might not have been a mistake. After giving that information, I asked, "How is Muhtadi?"
"He's out of surgery. They don't know why the heart was still going, because there are signs it was cut and also that it stopped. They're calling it a miracle. But he's still quite weak. They won't let anyone see him."
"Have you looked at the video of the event?"
"Yes. It's not that clear how the dagger got there, but the dagger you threw is clearly seen to not hit him, and on the floor."
"What do you suggest?"
"At this point, sit and wait. Don't talk without me. I'll be pushing for your release, and to clear your name. I think that when Muhtadi speaks, we will learn the truth."
"Okay, I can do -"
At that point, the door was opened, and several cops came in and told us our time was up. They insisted I be handcuffed again, and I allowed them. They then took me back to a different cell. I was the only one in there, so I didn't have any issue with cellmates. When they left, I just sat down and relaxed. I decided to listen in on things, so I used An's power to have the air carry the conversation from the chief of police here.
When I overheard a phone call where the chief was explaining why he couldn't throw the book at me, I learned they knew I was innocent, and were trying to fabricate something that could stick. When I next saw Jack, I told him what I heard, but did not explain how I heard it. He told me that there was a lot of red tape being tossed in his way. I asked him to do his best. When I asked about the shoot, he told me they had completed most everything and would do the little that remained with me alone on the set. They would edit me into the scene in post-production. What finally broke me out was a live news segment where Muhtadi cleared me and named the actor that knocked my target out of the way.
The first day out I spent catching up on the news, and the team pulled together to film when the light was right, which would be in the evening. I did several takes, each slightly different, so that they would have a choice of clips to use for editing me into the scene. The next day I was on a plane.
Muhtadi made several appearances on the news, stating he was targeted because of his position. Two weeks later, someone managed to kill him. I spoke to my husband.
"Filipe, Someone killed Muhtadi, who played my father in the film. First they tried to frame me, and now they have silenced him. He advocated for more respect and freedom for women, and he was silenced. From what I read, there doesn't seem to be any effort being made to catch his killer."
"I know, but that part of the world has difficulty changing to a more modern outlook towards women."
"They tried to frame me as part of their fight."
"You survived, and were exonerated. Those who tried to use you failed."
"That's just it. They succeeded in their objective, even if they had to use a different way to do it."
"And you want to teach them a lesson. I know you."
"Yes. No. I don't know. I think there should be justice, and the one who is responsible should pay the price."
"I don't think it will be easy for you to do anything. You are here, and even if you were there, as a woman, they would not respect you."
"I know."
That night, when I spoke to Inanna, she told me there was a way.
"How can justice be served?"
"I am also a goddess of justice. It is not my main thing, but even so, I dabble. You are my priestess. I shall aid you. Go, and I will support you. Take your predator talisman."
"Then I need a plan, and that means research."
"Good hunting."
In the morning, I told Filipe, and he surprised me by suggesting I go as George Holt. It was a good idea, as he looks and sounds different from me, so no one will recognize me. I waited a few days to see what, if any, investigation was being held. There was none that I could see.
So I carefully prepared by removing all identifiable items and then dressing as George Holt, but in a local outfit. I brought three more sets of clothes, just in case. It took only five teleports before I was in the country. A sixth got me to the roof of a major hotel at just after dawn. Ensuring no one was about, and with a little wind power, I jumped off the back and landed. I scanned again, and was satisfied no one saw me. First thing I did was head to the gem market. On the way, I made a number of small gems, each worth a few hundred dollars. I sold them to several dealers, for less than they were worth, but it gave me a few thousand dollars; worth of the local currency. I went back to the hotel and booked a room for a week in cash.
For the rest of the morning, and into the afternoon, I watched the assorted news stations to learn what had been going on in the city since I had left. It wasn't good. Three more activists had died suspiciously, and no leads had turned up. That was too much of a coincidence. So, shortly before the police captain I had overheard was to leave his office for the day, I was nearby waiting for him. When he came out, I followed him. With the predator talisman's help, I followed him, and waited for him to be alone. This came when he was leaving a restaurant to get back in his car.
I whammied him to fall asleep just as he was getting in. He fell into the driver's seat, so I helped him into position, while unlocking the doors. I closed his door and entered the car on the other side. Then I started searching his mind for the conversation he had that I overheard. I wanted to know who scared him then. Lucky for me, they spoke every few days. While he didn't know a name, he knew where he hung out, and what he looked like. He also knew the name and appearance of a minion that was usually in the boss' orbit. I got all I could about them and their friends for later. It seemed that four of his officers were in on the corruption. I then left quietly when no one was looking. He woke ten minutes later and left, none the wiser.
I then made my way to the hangout. It was a men-only recreational palace, you know, where upright citizens got horizontal with ladies not their wives. Part of the palace was a bar/dining area for those waiting for an available lady. I just whammied my way in, then I made them leave me alone because I was waiting for a friend to finish. I slowly sipped a beer, and opened my mind to the thoughts of this place. I kept an eye out for thoughts of them, or even sight of them.
I spotted the minion, Jamal, when he came into the room in a hurry. I focused on him, and learned he was about to report to his boss. I caused the air to send me their words, even as I kept him mentally in focus. Once they were together, they spoke for a few minutes before Jamal left. In that time, I had gotten a fix on the boss, and I waited until he left, so I could follow him. I had to use a number of senses to do that, as he took precautions. It must have been near four in the morning when he got home. It was a fortress disguised as a wealthy home. He had some roving guards, but they were all outside. Inside, he relied on sensors and tripwires to alert him.
I studied the place and determined where he went to bed, then waited for him to fall asleep. That took almost an hour. While waiting, I studied all the alarms and sensors and determined where I could teleport in without being detected. When I finally entered, I whammied him and his wife to sleep. Now, it was time to explore this man's mind. Augmenting myself with the predator's hunting instincts, I entered his mind, seeking confirmation he was the one controlling the cop. Then I sought what he knew of any illegal activities. That's when I learned there was another above him. Still, I gathered what I could, then ported back to my hotel room, and went to sleep.
It took six more days before I reached the top of the chain. This man, Rafael, entered the country years earlier and worked his way up the ladder until he was the boss of this city. I learned the reason Muhtadi was killed was because Rafael made money by promoting the unrest. He lived in an enclosed compound in a rich part of town. The more I learned about him, the more I felt he was pure evil. Before I did anything, I sought counsel.
"Queen Inanna, I have found our prey. He is evil, and had the deed done. He controls an outfit dedicated to power and greed; and that encourages evil. What would you have me do?"
"Show me everything." So I did, from the cop to Rafael. "He and his are a blight on the land. His wife is in on it, but less so. You shall use her. They shall have a celebration and invite the most evil ones, when they arrive, you will surround the celebration with a wall of stone then unleash the predator as a lion within. When there is nothing alive within, remove the walls and leave a mystery."
"It shall be done."
I extended my stay at the hotel another week, then started working on a way to have a celebration at the compound. I went with a long-forgotten uncle Bertram leaving a large inheritance, and that my target needed to come to the office of a local lawyer to sign the paperwork. I gave directions to the office I had just rented. I also drew up some legal looking papers for him to read. They were just a prop, so I could whammie him. I also bought a small lockbox, and filled it with assorted emeralds, worth several million. While I waited for him to take the bait, I wrote everything up, so I could drop it off to a journalist.
Two days later, I sent his representative away, indicating he must come in person. The next day he showed up, with four bodyguards. "You this barrister, Johnson?"
Using my low George Holt voice, I answered, "Yes, I am Miles Johnson, Attorney at Law. And you are?"
"You know who I am."
"That may be, but I must verify it. Please, for the record, your name, sir."
"I am Rafael Beckworth."
"Thank you, sir. May I see some identification?" He pulled out a passport. I studied it a minute before saying, "Thank you, sir. Now that I have verified your identity, I am authorized to give you this letter and form." I handed over the letter I had written, and a form I had cribbed from the internet. While he was reading them, I stunned him, then the bodyguards in the room, using my whammie. I then did it again, but to sleep, with the guards first. With everyone sleeping, I worked on Rafael's mind to tell him he had received a large inheritance, and that he should celebrate. I instructed him who to invite, and what to think about the celebration. Lastly, I caused him to do all that, but not remember he was instructed to do so. Then I whammied both to slowly wake them, as I pulled up the box with the emeralds.
Pretending to have been talking, I said, "... and this is a sample of jewels in his vaults. As soon as you sign the document, I will hand this over."
"... Huh? Oh! Those are pretty. How much do you think is there?"
"These have been appraised at several million. The vault contains far more. It would not surprise me if the vault held over a thousand million. However, this form must be processed, and all the paperwork handled before you can access the vault. It will take at least a month."
"In that case, call me when I can see the vault."
"I shall."
"In that case, goodbye."
He departed, and I kept track of his preparations. I needed to extend my hotel stay another week, but eventually his party was on. The party started at dusk, but the ladies were scheduled an hour later. What he didn't know was that they were rescheduled for midnight. This would give me a two-hour plus window. I waited until half an hour after dusk to begin putting up the walls. Inanna was watching. I put the one in front of the main entrance up last. Each wall was twenty feet high, one-foot-thick, sheer rock. By this time, I was on the roof. I then used the talisman to summon a powerful lion, with Inanna's and my will for justice. It tore through everyone, and screams could be heard. At last, it was done. I went and removed the walls, then sought the box of emeralds. They were in his safe, so I used Alec's training to open it, and took a look at everything in there. I took the box, and other easily convertible valuables, but left the papers. I also left the safe open.
My next stop was the room of the local BBC journalist. I left a memory stick and a card saying 'Corruption Exposed'. This had a single text file with all my notes, and I had wiped my prints from them before I ported back to the hotel. There I stood in the shower until I began to feel clean.
"Do not be concerned, daughter, they deserved it, and more, for the evil they have done."
"I don't disagree. But like I said when we first met, I do not care to kill, not even by proxy. I will when it is needed, you know that, but it is not in my nature."
"I know it is little consolation, but the one who killed Muhtadi was there, and is now dead."
"That is good to know. But all the evil they have done. The corruption they spawned."
"For a time, it has been pruned, and what they find when they look will be plenty of evidence to bring down many others. For a year or two, the culture will freely move forward before it has to contend with the older ways. It may be that they will keep the advances, if they fight for it. But it is their choice, not yours. Sleep, and be at peace."
My last memory was of standing in the shower. I woke to a woman in my bed eating me out. I was about to say something when Inanna said, "Enjoy my gift." So I kept quiet and enjoyed her.
Later that day, I sold off the emeralds and other items for cash, and then I went to a lawyer to set up a trust fund for the families of those killed by this evil man. I put all that cash in the trust. Once the families were taken care of, the rest would go to support their cause.
Once I left that office, I ducked into a back alley out of sight, and teleported, heading home. There, I ate, changed, and then teleported to Death Valley to meditate. I would run for an hour, walk for an hour, and then sit for an hour. Then I would do it again and again. As I did, I extended my life sense to see the hidden life all around me. Bret visited from time to time, and brought me food and water. I thanked him, and spoke with him about his learning for a time, and then I would again go for a run. Finally, I was able to put it behind me.
In addition to creating the trust, I also petitioned the producer to dedicate this film to Muhtadi. The next two months, I spent a lot of time talking with Filipe before I felt normal. I also spoke with Angel and Jewel, as they might get called upon to execute Inanna's justice. They decided to cheer me up by telling me Jewel got engaged. The man she found was happy to share her with Angel, or just watch the two of them. This definitely cheered me up. Finding out how that family would work out was going to be interesting.
But that is another story...