A Vision of Love
By OlympusMons90
It was almost lunchtime on a Wednesday as I drove onto the building site, my brother waiving me over towards the de-mountable office.
"Bill, where the fuck have you been? The clients left almost an hour ago."
"Yeah, sorry about that Kevin. I got caught up with something."
"You mean you got caught up in someone. This shit has to stop, or at least do it on your own time for fuck's sake, we're trying to run a business here."
"Yeah, I know. How did it go with the clients? No variations? They happy with the progress?"
"We're all good. No changes yet, so that's something. How do you feel about going to check on the site in Irving? The Plumbers are meant to be finishing up there today."
"Yeah, sure. I'll call you later."
As I got back in my pick-up and drove off the site in West Dallas, I started reflecting on how I got to this point. I felt more than a little lost, drifting almost. My whole life has changed after the birth of my second child, my son Thomas. Everything was fine after Brianna was born, but after Thomas, nothing's been the same.
I'm William Patterson or Bill or Billy as I'm known to friends and family. I'm twenty-eight years old, my wife Brittany is twenty-six. My wife Brittany, I guess I should use that term loosely. We're really only husband and wife now in name only. Yeah, we still live together in the house I built in Dallas, Texas, but I wouldn't call us 'husband and wife' in the true sense. We stopped being that after our son was born.
I met my wife on the job, she's a realtor and I'm a Building Developer. I was only twenty-three when we met, Brittany was just twenty-one. I wasn't yet doing what I do now, both my brother and I were still contracting as builders at the time. We had worked on a new small apartment complex, and I was there to finalize some fixes that were needed. Brittany was just starting her career and was there with an older colleague showing the apartments to buyers.
From the moment I saw her, I was mesmerized. She had long raven colored hair, piercing grey eyes, with a body that looked spectacular even though hidden under her business attire. When she saw me, she stopped and smiled. I swore she was checking me out. I'm the same height as my brother at 6'1, I've always been athletic and strong, with sandy blonde hair and blue eyes. While I never had too much trouble getting girls during high school or after, up until this point I'd never had a serious relationship, well, nothing that had lasted more than a few months.
I plucked up the courage to speak with her when she was done showing people through and was surprised when she freely offered me her number before leaving. We began dating that weekend and a year later and we were married, a year after that we had our first child Brianna. While having a first child was daunting, the fact that my brother already had four kids by then and was able to give me some great advice helped no end. His wife Denise was also fantastic for Brittany, she'd become like an older sister for her. That helped a lot as Brittany is an only child, raised by her grandparents who had now already retired to Corpus Christi.
My older brother Kevin and I now run a business called KWP Construction, for Kevin and William Patterson of course. We do mainly small to medium sized projects, but we usually have two or three development projects running at the same time. We've done well for ourselves, I've even been to build my own four bedroom home, but I have my brother to thank for that. He was the driving force for us starting our own business, but we have both contributed equally ever since.
Two years years after Brianna was born, Brittany and I had our second child, a beautiful baby boy named Thomas. After his birth, I noticed that Brittany didn't really bounce back like she had after Brianna. Instead, she was quick to anger, had huge mood swings, bouts of crying, all mixed in with not wanting any physical intimacy at all with me. After about six weeks I convinced her to go see a specialist, and she was diagnosed with PPD, or postpartum depression.
While it helped to know what she was going through, I'll admit it was tough. Being rejected repeatedly by your wife who you love more than anything was hard to take, even knowing what the cause was. They told us it could last up to six to nine months after birth for more serious cases, but that eventually she would be fine, and our life would return to normal. By the time we were at six-month mark, our marriage was already in serious trouble. We hadn't had sex in all that time, adding to the two months prior to Brittany giving birth. And everything was my fault she would tell me, although I kept telling myself it's just the PPD talking.
She had managed to go back to work, as well as going back to the gym again to help work her stress and anxiety out. The specialists assured us we were near the end. But by now, there was a total disconnect between us, she had already moved into the spare room a few months ago, not wanting to share a bed with me which again was put down to her PPD. We barely talked, when we did it was always only about the kids, who had to do what. It was like I was living with a housemate, not my wife.
I'd never felt more alone in all my life, and I knew Brittany had to be feeling the same way too. So, over the next three months I tried my best to rekindle some affection between us, I was patient at first but pushed a little harder when I got little response from her. By the end of those three months, I had all but given up. I was sure there was no saving us now as all of my attempts went unrewarded. There was still nothing, no intimacy, no affection, no loving embraces, no physical touching, no sex.
There was no blaming or hostility from Brittany towards me any longer at least, but we still struggled to have any conversation that didn't only involve the kids. I tried to take her out on 'date' nights, or to the movies or to go away for a weekend, but she rejected those ideas each time. To me it felt like we'd fallen out of love with each other by this point. I'm sure I was going through my own form of depression, for the demise of my loving marriage, replaced with what now seemed like a child raising partnership only.
Getting divorced wasn't an option, I wanted to raise my children and not be a part-time father. I was also still holding out hope that some day Brittany and I would somehow rediscover what we'd lost. At that point it felt very unlikely though.
So, I sought some intimacy elsewhere. I'm not proud of it, but after almost a year of not having any sex whatsoever, it was something I needed. Just to feel wanted again, to be sexually attractive to someone. Her name was Clara, she was a barmaid at one of the bar's that I go to with some of the contractors we employed. We only slept together a handful of times, but that was enough for me to get some of my self-esteem back.
With Thomas having already turned one, I tried again to seek some affection from Brittany, and while she now at least feigned some interest in us having a relationship again, it felt superficial, like we were both trying to force something that simply wasn't there. Brittany by now had well and truly fully recovered from her PPD, she also now expressed her sorrow for the state we found our marriage in. While it may not have seemed like it, she was adamant that she still loves me. I'm just not sure she was 'in love' with me still, there is a difference.
Shortly after I began seeing a thirty-year-old woman named Suzanna, she had previously been one of my client's. Suzanna is married to a rich businessman who was a good twenty years older than her, I'm sure I seemed like a younger and more attractive alternative to her rather boring sex life.
The relationship was mutually beneficial for both of us and lasted a year before we finally ended it as her husband was getting a bit too suspicious of her activities. He wasn't the only husband getting suspicious of his wife, I was too. I refused to believe that Brittany could've gone around two years without getting some type of intimacy herself, from somewhere.
Over the last year, she had started to come home late from work on occasion or go out with friends that never seemed to spend any time at our house. She would dress up a little too much sometimes when heading out to meet a client or with friends, I was sure that I wasn't the only one seeking some affection outside of our marriage. But what was I to do? If I raised it with her or accused her of cheating, I'd be the biggest hypocrite ever. I didn't know if she was aware of my own dalliances, but there was no way I was going to accuse her while I was doing the exact same thing.
Then I spotted her in a café one day while I was visiting a client in downtown Dallas, she was sitting with a guy who appeared to be around the same age as us, late twenties or early thirties. He looked handsome, he dressed well and appeared to be able to make Brittany smile and laugh as they drank their coffees. My first thought was that he was probably a client that she was trying to sell a property to. But I saw her hand reach out and take hold of his as they sat there, fingers interlocked. This wasn't her client, this was most definitely her lover.
I didn't rush over to interrupt them, I didn't do anything but walk off to go to my meeting I was almost running late for. I was completely distracted throughout the meeting with my client though, it's one thing to think that your wife is seeing someone else, it's another to visualize that. To see them together, not sexually but showing affection was replaying in my mind.
After my meeting I walked back past the café, they were no longer there. Brittany's real estate office wasn't that far away, so I drove there and pulled over next to their staff car-park. Brittany's car wasn't there either, I could only assume she was with him right now.
Later that afternoon I picked Brianna and Thomas up from daycare, Brittany and I alternate weeks that we either drop them off or pick them up. Both our jobs are flexible, so it makes it easier. Come to think of it, our flexible jobs makes it easier to do a lot of things, like meeting your lover in the middle of the day. And now it seemed that was likely to be the case for the both of us.
I watched Brittany when she came home that afternoon, for any tell-tale signs of her having spent the afternoon fucking. She seemed to be her usual self though, even stopping in the kitchen to ask me about my day, before going to check in on the kids. Maybe this had become as routine for her as it had for me.
Over the next twelve months, we seemed to travel along the same trajectory. I'd just turned thirty and I'd been seeing another woman named Sara, she works for an insurance company that I deal with for some of our jobs. She too was married, it works better that way as there are no ulterior motives at play other than the sexual one. We both kept our relationship very discreet, but she'd decided to end it as she was planning on having another child with her husband.
So, today was my last dalliance with Sara, but it went a bit longer than I anticipated. That meant I missed a meeting with Kevin and our clients in West Dallas. After spending a few hours at our job site in Irving, I headed downtown to meet one our other clients for a quick beer.
While waiting for him to arrive I saw my wife heading into a bar across the road, she was arm in arm with another guy, different to the one I'd seen her with a year before. They seemed happy and looked like a real couple out for an enjoyable evening. I couldn't stay around later to see what type of evening they had planned as it was my turn to pick up the kids.
Brittany didn't get home until almost midnight, she'd texted me earlier in the day to say she was going out for drinks, but nothing since then. It was clear she'd had a few drinks and maybe a little bit of fun as well, her hair was a little more tousled than usual for her. This time she didn't come and check to see how my day was, instead making her way to the bathroom before retiring to her bedroom to sleep.
I sat there at the kitchen table quietly drinking my Scotch, wondering if this was to be my life until our two kids left for college or work? For me to find different married women to occasionally fuck, meanwhile watching my wife go out to do likewise? It didn't matter if I was with Clara or Suzanna or Sara, I still felt alone. I missed the kind of love I used to share with my wife. I knew if not for the children, I'd be out looking for that once again.
On Saturday we all went over to my brother's house for lunch, taking Brianna and Thomas over to see their cousins. My brother and his wife Denise have four kids, all are slightly older than ours. John and Derek are ten and eight years old respectively, with the twin girls of Jessica and Christine being both six. Brianna and the twins are very close with Brianna being just the year younger. Thomas at just three is still a bit too young to worry about who he should be friends with, for him everyone is his best friend while they have his attention.
While our wives and kids were inside the house, Kevin and I made our way to his work shed, which doubles up as a man cave. From where we were sitting, we could look out over the back yard to the house. He handed me a cold beer before opening his own and sitting down beside me.
"Bill, can I ask what is going on with you and Brittany?"
"What do you want to know?"
"Why the hell are you seeing other women, taking up work time to go and fuck them? I know this has been going on for some time, it's got to the point where I can't ignore it anymore. It's impacting your work, which means it's impacting mine too."
"Look, I'm sorry about Wednesday, it won't happen again. That was the last time I was going to see the woman I've been with, we got carried away."
"Bill, what the fuck? You're married. Doesn't Brittany and the kids mean anything to you?"
"Of course they do, that's why we're still together."
"That makes no sense at all."
"You know that Brittany suffered from postpartum depression after having Thomas, well this is kind of a flow on from that."
"Thomas is three now, I'm pretty sure PPD doesn't last that long."
"It doesn't. Brittany was better well before Thomas turned one, but it was too late for us by then."
"Your marriage?"
"Our relationship within our marriage anyway. I haven't had sex with her since before Thomas was born. By the time she was over the depression, we weren't in love with each other anymore. She's been sleeping in our spare room since Thomas was about three months old."
"Fuck Bill, I didn't know it was that bad. I just thought you were chasing a bit of tail on the side. Not that it's the only tail you're getting. What about Brittany, three years is a long time to not have any sex."
"I'm pretty sure she's been getting her fix too. I've seen her out with two different guys so far."
"What? So, you're both having affairs? Have you talked to each other about all of this?"
"Nope. What am I going to say, 'hey honey I've been fucking a few different women because you won't put out for me, how about you? I know you must be fucking a few guys as well?' Nah, I'd rather not know."
"Do you think she's seeing anyone at the moment?"
"Yeah, she went out for drinks with a guy on Wednesday afternoon, she didn't get home until midnight. I don't think they were just drinking and dancing."
"You said you haven't spoken to her about it, so how do you know about her date?"
"I stopped in for a beer to speak with Gary Johnson about the upcoming job, while I was waiting for him, I saw Brittany head into the bar across the road with a guy, they were arm in arm with each other. They didn't look like just friends, more like fuck buddies."
"How do you know he's just a fuck buddy? What if she wants to be in a relationship with the guy?"
"She hasn't so far."
"Maybe she hasn't met the right guy yet is all. Do you realize how fucked you are if she does?"
"Why, because she might ask for a divorce? She knows how much I love my kids, I don't think she'd do that."
"How do you know? You haven't spoken to her about it. Look, if by chance she's out looking for husband number two, have you thought about the flow on affects from that? She'd get to stay in your house with him, with your kids, with your child support, with half of your share of our business. You'd have to get another place to live while watching her new man walk straight into your home. Seriously, you haven't thought about that?"
"I have, I don't think she'd do that to me."
"So, you're placing everything in her hands then? She gets to decide your fate while you watch her going out looking for your replacement?"
"I think she's doing the same as me, she's just finding a bit of comfort, nothing more."
"You hope that's the case."
"What else am I supposed to do Kevin? If I found someone else I want to be with, it's the same scenario as well. She still gets the house, the kids, half of my share of the business, and my child support. No matter what I do, she gets to decide my fate, not me."
"You could talk to her, find out where her head is at with all of this."
"I'm worried I'll just force the issue if she's looking to be with someone else. That if it's out in the open, she might do it a lot quicker."
"Is all of this worth it? If you get divorced, you can still see your kids sometimes. I know it'll set you back a fortune, but at least you can be with someone yourself, maybe get a little bit of happiness back."
"I don't want to be a part-time dad, watching some other guy raise my kids in the house I built. Besides, I'm still hopeful we can save our marriage, somehow."
"So, you still love her then?"
"Yeah, I do."
"Fuck Bill, it's not a good place to be in for you, I don't know what else to say."
"I'm not sure there is anything more to say. I'm just hoping for the best at this point."
We finished our beer then headed inside. Later that afternoon when we got home, Brittany came into the lounge room to speak with me.
"Hey Billy, I'm thinking of meeting up with a friend to go watch a movie. Do you mind looking after the kids tonight, I won't be home too late, I promise?"
"What, like last Wednesday?"
"Yeah, we got carried away that night. I'll be home around ten I swear."
"Sure." I responded while trying to hide my displeasure.
"Thanks, Billy. I appreciate it." As Brittany made her way upstairs to get ready.
For the next three hours I sat in the lounge room with a scotch, thinking about what Kevin had said to me earlier. What if she is looking for guy to be in a relationship with? I never thought I'd be happier to think that my wife was just fucking some other guy for the enjoyment, rather than for her to have feelings for him. How did I get to this place?
On Sunday we went to a park nearby for a picnic lunch with the kids. While they played on the swings, I sat with Brittany, watching her as she looked over at our children. She was still so beautiful to me, I always found everything about her to be attractive. From the way she smiled and laughed, to the way she danced, to the way her large breasts jiggle when she walks. Yeah, I wish that we were in love with each other still, that she really was still mine.
"Tommy, be careful. Hold on to the swing properly." Brittany spoke out loudly to our son.
"He's going to be a handful as he gets older. I can tell by the way he takes risks with a smile on his face."
"Yeah, he's a bit too much like you Billy."
"I don't know, I think his mom likes to take risks too."
"Who me?" As Brittany turned to face me with that wonderful smile of hers.
I smiled back at her, as I heard a small scream from the swings, to see Tommy half hanging off, about to fall. I quickly ran over and grabbed him, setting him upright back in the small swing.
"You have to listen to your mom, okay? When she tells you to hold onto the swing properly, you need to do it, alright?"
Thomas nodded back at me before continuing on like nothing had happened. I went back over and sat down with Brittany.
"You're such a good dad to them, you know that."
"We're both doing the best we can. I just hope to watch them grow up to be good people too."
"Same. I can't believe Brianna will start school in a few weeks, and Tommy will be in Pre-K in a years' time. They're growing up so quick."
"And we're getting old way to quick, I'm thirty already. You might need to trade me in on a newer model soon."
"No, I'm happy with my current model."
"But you've been test driving the newer models every now and then though, right?"
"Sure, that doesn't mean I'll trade mine in though."
I nodded at Brittany, this was as good as a confirmation as I wanted to the fact that she wasn't looking to replace me.
"Besides, I know you've been test driving a few yourself Billy. Any of them catch your fancy?"
"No, they don't compare with my current one. I just wish I got to drive it again, it's been in the shop for a while now."
"Maybe one day it might be ready for you to drive again. Not yet though, it's still needing some work done."
I nodded back, our thinly veiled metaphors were as close as we've been to discussing our current predicament. It's good to have an understanding with her now at least.
"You're not upset Billy?"
"I try not to be. How about you?"
"Sometimes, but it passes."
I called the kids over so they could eat their lunch, it was a good day being with my family, out having fun together. Thankfully, days like today were still common for us, and I wanted to keep it that way.
Later that night I again found myself sitting in the lounge room drinking a scotch, contemplating my relationship with my wife. Brittany had already gone to her room to sleep, leaving me alone to slowly nurse my drink.
We pretty much admitted to each other today that we were both having affairs but that neither of us intended to leave our marriage. I was happy about that, although I'd still prefer that neither of us needed relationships outside of our own. But it was better than the alternative, which was divorce.
On Wednesday night when I got home, Brittany asked if I could mind the kids again as she wanted to go out. While she didn't use the word 'date', I felt like it was clearly implied.
I'm not sure how I feel about sitting at home minding the kids while she goes out to have her fun, I had always had my dalliances during the day, where it wouldn't be obvious to Brittany of what I was doing. I wondered if after our conversation on the weekend that perhaps the secrecy veil had been lifted, that we could both be a bit more honest about what was going on. It definitely seemed that Brittany was less concerned now to be hiding what she was doing.
I was still up when Brittany got home just after midnight, I was sitting on my bed reading a book as I heard her come up the stairs and go into the bathroom. Moments later I heard her bedroom door close as she went to bed.
Shortly after I was ready for sleep myself but went to the toilet for a piss first. While in the bathroom I couldn't help but notice Brittany's dress she wore out sitting on top of the hamper. I lifted her dress to smell it, her perfume was the only scent I could smell. As I went to return her dress, I spotted her panties that were laying underneath them. They looked damp, very damp. It was clear to me that Brittany had just returned home from having sex. This wasn't surprising, I knew what she was doing when she left earlier tonight. It's just that I was still trying to get used to how open about it Brittany was becoming. I went back to my bedroom and turned the lights out for the night.
Now that I was no longer seeing Sara, I figured I'd better find someone else to enjoy my time with. Sitting at home watching Brittany go out to get fucked wasn't my idea of a happy home life.
On Friday I had a meeting with a client cancelled, it was almost lunch time and I was just a few blocks from home. As I pulled into the driveway, I noticed that Brittany's car was parked there too, maybe she was home for lunch as well. I walked into the house from the garage, stopping in the kitchen to get a glass of water. I quickly realized that Brittany wasn't downstairs, maybe she was feeling ill and had come home to rest.
I went to the fridge, trying to decide what I could make for lunch when I heard a distinctive groan, one that I had heard from Brittany many times when we used to have sex together. Was she masturbating upstairs? Then the next thought entered my mind, was she fucking someone upstairs? Really? Surely, she wouldn't be bringing someone into our home to fuck. That's something I'd never done over the last three years, it never crossed my mind to bring any of my women into our home.
I found myself slowly walking up the stairs, with the sounds of lovemaking growing louder. She definitely wasn't masturbating, the sound of her bed straining under the rhythmic movement was a clear sign of that. As I turned to walk down the hallway towards her bedroom, I could see that her door was wide open. As I neared the door I could see the wall on one side of the room, one that contained a large mirror.
What was I doing? I knew she was fucking someone, what was I going to do? Go in there to stop them? To say something to Brittany or to confront her lover? If I took another step or two, I'd be able to see them fucking in the mirror, do I really want to see this?
As if driven by impulse alone I took another step forward as they came into view on her large mirror on the wall. Brittany was laying on her back, her legs up in the air while her lover was in between them, fucking her hard. Brittany was kissing him in between her own joyful screams, her eyes were closed for the most part.
I stood there transfixed, watching them fucking each other with animalistic passion, I looked down to see Brittany's hands on his ass, willing him to fuck her even deeper and harder. As I slowly moved my gaze back up to see her breasts undulating with every thrust, then back up to her face, she was staring at me via the mirror.
My heart almost stopped as our gaze connected, there was an expression of confusion on her face, she was probably trying to absorb the moment as much as I was. Then after we had held our gaze for about twenty seconds, she closed her eyes for a moment as she began to scream again, this time I'm sure she was cumming. A few moments later she opened her eyes again, again staring into mine. I was standing still, unsure how to react to what I was seeing, but I couldn't look away either, I kept looking into my wife's eyes as she was still getting fucked by her lover.
She then raised his head to kiss him again, hard and passionately for a good thirty seconds while he continued to pound into her. She then moved his head back to the other side of her face as she again caught my gaze with hers.
"Keep fucking me Ricky, nice and hard. My god you feel so good."
Brittany kept my stare as she encouraged her lover on.
"I want you to make me cum again baby, keep making me cum."
This seemed to spur her lover on more, he was fucking Brittany even harder now, the bed was banging up against the wall, their grunts and heavy breathing could be clearly heard. All the while Brittany kept staring into my eyes, her expression was that of pure passion, not anger or happiness, it just seemed like she was totally caught up in the moment.
"My god I'm cumming Ricky, don't stop, don't stop."
Brittany closed her eyes and let out a passionate scream that I'm sure the whole neighborhood could hear, I wondered how much of that was for me. As she came down from her orgasm she again looked into my eyes.
"Cum in me baby, I want you to cum inside me."
Only moments later I could see her lover begin to tense up as he began to cum inside my wife. She wrapped her legs tightly around his back, holding him in, all the while keeping eye contact with me. Her eyes were somehow softer now, her gaze was no longer of passion, but more of a pleading look, like she was hoping that I wasn't upset with what I'd just seen.
I stepped back from the door, and quietly made my way down the stairs and out of the house. I can't remember driving back to our site in West Dallas, my mind was foggy to say the least. How do I speak with Brittany after this? What do I say? I didn't really understand how I felt about what I had just witnessed, let alone how I could possibly express that to her.
I tried my best to focus back on work for the rest of the day, it wasn't easy that's for sure. Even Kevin commented on my seemingly absent mindedness this afternoon, if only he knew what vision was swirling around in my head.
I got home after 7pm, I had stopped at a bar for one or two on the way. It was a delaying tactic on my part, trying to put off any conversation with Brittany. I was thankful that it was her week to be picking up the kids.
As I entered the house, Brianna sort me out asking me questions about something she had just seen on TV, I tried my best to answer her as I made my way into the lounge room being dragged in there by my daughter. Brittany was laying on the couch, with little Tommy asleep in her embrace.
As I made eye contact with her, we both looked at each other for a few moments before Brianna forced my gaze away. I sat down on the floor with my daughter watching the animal documentary that was on the TV, answering her many questions along the way. When it was over, I told Brianna it was time for bed, to go brush her teeth and that we would be in there shortly to say goodnight.
I went over to Brittany and picked up Thomas from her embrace, he didn't even stir as I carried him upstairs to his bed. After saying goodnight to Brianna, I returned downstairs to the kitchen to get something to eat. I was starving, having missed out on lunch when I was home earlier today.
"Your dinner is in the oven, it should still be hot enough." As Brittany stood in the doorway to the kitchen.
"Thanks." As I grabbed a cloth so I could take the hot plate out, placing my dinner on the kitchen table.
"Would you like a scotch with that?"
"No thanks, I'm all good tonight."
Brittany stood there in the doorway for a good minute while I began to eat my meal, as if waiting for me to discuss what had happened at lunch time. I was more than a little confused about everything that happened, I didn't know how to even begin talking about it with her.
Eventually she stepped over to where I was sitting and rested her hand on my shoulder.
"I'm going upstairs to read. Good night, Billy."
"Good night."
As Brittany then went upstairs to her bedroom, I was left thinking about all the things I could've said, that I wanted to say, but there were way too many thoughts running through my head.
The most worrying thoughts were about Brittany bringing her lover into our home, being so open about going out to meet with him or to fuck him here. It would be so easy for her to now ask me to leave, to have him replace me. The fear of being separated from my family was my greatest concern.
The most confusing thoughts I had wasn't about watching her enjoying herself having sex, but that we stared into each other's eyes while she was fucking him. That it seemed to help her to enjoy it more. It's almost like she took it as a sign of acceptance or approval, when really it was just me trying to understand why she was doing it, to get some sense of how she felt seeing me watching her fuck her lover in our own home.
This whole encounter left me feeling more than a little emasculated, something I wasn't used to feeling, ever. What I couldn't understand is if she was doing it on purpose, or was it just that I witnessed something I wasn't meant to see?
I found it hard getting to sleep that night, it was hard trying to get my brain to quieten enough so that I could rest. I awoke in the morning with little Tommy jumping on my bed, telling me to get up.
Regardless of what I saw yesterday, life rolls on. We all went grocery shopping later that morning, anyone who has dragged a five and three-year old through a grocery store will know the constant hassle of trying to stop them from doing bad things, like their sole purpose is to test your resilience and patience.
For lunch we again took the kids to the park, letting them play while Brittany and I sat on the bench watching them. We still hadn't discussed yesterday's events, it was like we were both trying to pretend it didn't happen, at least I was. It would most likely create friction between us if I told her of my true concerns.
Later that afternoon Brittany again asked me to mind the kids while she went off to the movies with a friend. It seemed that she was seeing her 'friend' probably three times a week now at least. It's almost like she's single and this guy is her regular boyfriend. I looked up into Brittany's eyes, I'm sure she could read the discomfort I felt by her request.
"It's just the movies, Billy. Nothing more."
I kept her gaze, then slowly nodded 'yes'. I wasn't sure what else I could do at this point. It's not like she would stop seeing him if I'd said 'no', or that I wouldn't be here to watch over the kids anyway.
The following week began a bit hectic and stressful with my work, we had three jobs going which wasn't unusual for us, but two of them now required major alterations, which meant getting guys back on site who had already completed their work. Just the amount of coordinating resources and contractors to make sure it ran smoothly was where the stress was.
By Wednesday afternoon I got a text from Brittany again asking me to look after the kids tonight as she's got a date. This was the first time she actually used the word 'date'. It was my week to be picking up the kids from daycare anyway, so I replied with 'okay'.
Again, she didn't get in until around midnight, and just as with last week, she went straight to the bathroom before going to bed.
Her Saturday nights at the movies and Wednesday night fuck sessions seemed to be becoming a routine for her and her 'boyfriend'. I wasn't even sure what to call this guy. It made me wonder if the Friday lunchtime session was a routine for them also.
So, with much of the hectic week behind me and things getting back to normal on the job sites, it meant that I could go to our local sports bar for a Friday lunchtime meal and a few beers. And I felt that I needed them. I was going to call Kevin to see if he wanted to tag along, but for some reason I found myself turning into my street before I had placed the call. It's like I was subconsciously wanting to check in on my wife once again.
And once again, her car was in the driveway. This time another car was parked in my spot, her boyfriend must be with her once more. I parked out on the street, sitting there for a couple of minutes trying to decide if I should go in or not. I knew what I would most likely find in there, did I need to know that they were fucking once more? Did I need to see them, again?
I didn't want to drive away, it was like I had something inside of me wanting to know, wanting to see with my own eyes of what my wife was doing. I entered the house through the garage, stopping in the kitchen to see if I could hear anything. There it was, that familiar sound of the bed moving, of Brittany's groans.
I found myself walking towards her open door once again, pausing for a second to listen to their lovemaking before taking that last step to where I could see the bed from Brittany's mirror. She was being fucked in a doggie position, I could only see the top half of her body and none of his, he was obviously standing at the end of the bed, fucking her.
This time I wasn't as confused by what I saw, not as many emotions or bewilderment at what was going on in front of me. This time my mind was more than prepared for what I was seeing. I stood there, watching Brittany, listening to her. There was something extremely erotic about it, being able to watch the woman you love enjoying sex, not as a participant, but simply as a voyeur.
After a few minutes, Brittany moved further up the bed and rolled over onto her back, with her legs spread inviting him in. As he moved up between her thighs and entered her, I again looked up to Brittany's face, and again she was staring back at me. A small smile came across her face, not a sexy or snarky type of smile, just one of happiness that I had seen from her many times before. Was she happy that I am here to watch her? Was she hoping that I would be here?
Her boyfriend began to resume his rhythm, fucking her well as she wrapped both her arms and legs around his body. She pulled his head up to kiss him for a few seconds before pulling his head back down to her shoulder, while returning her gaze back to me.
"That's it Ricky, show me how well you fuck me baby, give me that lovely cock."
It was strangely erotic hearing her say that as she was staring directly at me, only occasionally closing her eyes when he was hitting the right spots. We kept staring at each other for the next few minutes, as Brittany would occasionally give her lover some encouraging words, although I was starting to wonder if they were meant for him, or for me.
He then raised her legs up, pinning them back as he started to really pound into my wife.
"Oh my god yes Ricky, fuck me hard, you're fucking me so good right now, please don't stop."
She was still staring into my eyes as she spoke those words, I could tell she was getting close to her own climax.
"Do you like that baby? Do you like it when I fuck you hard?"
"Yes baby, don't stop Ricky, I'm going to cum."
"Take my cock, you like how it feels inside you, don't you baby?"
I watched as Brittany's eyes closed, her moth was wide open as her orgasm hit, letting out a loud scream as she began to shudder under its impact. Fuck it was hot to see her like that.
He kept fucking her though as her orgasm resided, she slowly opened her eyes to again stare into mine. Once again that smile reappeared on her face.
"Wow, that was so good. That was one of the best yet."
He released her legs that were pinned back so that she could again wrap them around his body as he continued to fuck her. She maintained her gaze with mine, it's like we were connected in this moment, neither of us wanting to look away.
"I'm going to make you cum again before I'm done with you."
"Go on baby, keep fucking me, make me cum again on your lovely cock."
"You love my cock don't you baby, do you like it better than your husband's?"
Brittany didn't respond to him, she was still staring into my eyes.
"Do you like it better? Tell me baby."
"Keep fucking me Ricky, I want you to fill me up baby, cum in me."
"Do you like my cock better? Do I fuck you better baby? Tell me."
Her eyes were pleading with mine now, it looked like she didn't want to respond to him. I'm not sure whether it was to not hurt my feelings or to not hurt his. I nodded to her, as if it to say to her to just say what he wants to hear.
"Yes baby, you're better. I love your cock, I love how you fuck me with it. Cum for me Ricky, fill me up."
With that admission she pushed him over the edge, cumming deep inside of my wife. My wife, still staring into my eyes, mouthed the word 'Sorry' to me silently. I nodded back to her, before turning to walk away.
I drove to the sports bar and ordered a beer while checking over the menu when my phone rang, it was Brittany.
"Hey."
"Hi Billy. Can we talk?"
"Sure."
"I mean in person. Where are you?"
"I'm at our regular bar, the sports bar."
"Are you going to have lunch?"
"Yeah, I'm starving, I haven't ordered yet, do you want me to get you something?"
"Yeah, the chicken fillet burger. And a beer too, please. I'll be there shortly."
"Okay, bye."
Within five minutes Brittany walked into the bar, coming over to sit down at my table.
"Are you okay Billy? Are we all good?"
It was clear what Brittany was referring to. I took a mouthful of my beer while I was trying to think about what I wanted to say to her, what I wanted to ask her. Before I could answer her, the bar staff brought over Brittany's beer, before walking away.
"It's hard to explain how I feel about what I've seen."
"I didn't mean that part about him being better, I just wanted him to finish."
"I know."
Brittany sat silently, looking into my eyes, waiting for me to continue.
"Look, I need to get some things off my chest. Stuff I should've said to you already."
Brittany nodded back at me.
"I know over the last few years we've both been seeing other people, I just wasn't expecting you to be so open about it. Going out at night to sleep with other guys while leaving me at home to look after the children, and now bringing them into our home. It's been unexpected, and a little hard to deal with."
Brittany continued her silence, just watching me.
"I never brought anyone into our house to sleep with them, I never left you at home to look after our children while I went out to fuck them either. That never crossed my mind to do that to you."
Brittany for the first time averted her gaze, looking down at the table for a few moments before looking back up at me. I continued in my steady, calm tone.
"It feels like you're trying to rub it in, to make it clear to me that you're fucking other guys, like you're trying to emasculate me."
"That was never my intention, not at all." Brittany finally responded.
"Then what was it? How'd you think I'd feel when you get dressed up to go out to fuck some other guy while leaving me to sit at home on my own?"
"I'm so sorry Billy. I thought you were okay with it, that we had an understanding."
"Make no mistake Brittany, the only reason I've slept with other women is because you won't sleep with me. All I want, all I've ever wanted is for us to be together. I still do. Those other women, I always met them during the day, I was always discreet so that no-one would know what was going on. They were always married too, so that they would never want anything more from me than just sex. You go out publicly with your boyfriends, I've seen you out myself, I'm sure there are other people we know that have seen you too. It's like you don't care, like you want to embarrass me."
"Oh god, I never meant for that. It's just that, I needed to feel like they were courting me, that they were my boyfriend. I couldn't just meet up with some guy and start sneaking off to a hotel room for sex. I couldn't do it if that's all it was."
"Are the guys you've been with, that you wanted as boyfriends, have they been single or married?"
"They've all been single."
"If what you want is a boyfriend, why not be with your husband who loves you? You know I'd wine and dine you, that I'd take you out and romance you. If it isn't about the sex, I don't understand why you don't look to me to give you what you need."
"I couldn't. At first it was because I felt so guilty for what I was putting you through, blaming you for how I was feeling, for feeling like I was trapped, that I felt ugly and alone. By the time I was over my depression, I felt like I didn't deserve you, I didn't know how I could make it up to you for all the things I'd said. But that I also wasn't in love with you anymore. And that just made me feel worse, like I was such a bad person, such a bad wife. Whenever you tried to show affection, it just brought out all those insecurities in me."
I sat back, trying to take in what Brittany had just explained to me. The bar staff then brought over our burgers.
"Okay, I get the first year after Tommy was born, and the depression you were going through. But for two years since? Are you telling me that for the last two years you've had boyfriends not because you missed having sex, but because I made you feel bad?"
"No, kind of. Look, I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy the sex. I have been. But I'd never say you make me feel bad, more that I feel guilty, that I feel like it's all my fault. That we should be a happy family, but because of me we're dysfunctional. I don't want to ever lose you though, you have to believe me."
I sat there, slowly nodding back at my wife.
"So, you don't want to lose me, but you don't love me either. How is this going to work?"
"I do love you, you're still my best friend, you're a fantastic father. I just haven't been in love with you since after Thomas was born. I know that sounds stupid."
"No, I know what you mean. Do you think you can ever fall back in love with me though? Do you still want to?"
"Yes, more than anything I want to be in love with you. I've been trying to convince myself into being in love with you again for the last two years. It hasn't worked though. That sort of thing tends to happen, or it doesn't."
We sat there silently eating our burgers for the next five minutes, drinking our beer. It gave me time to think. What's been missing is that spark between us, like we all feel when you start to fall in love with someone. Kind of like that spark I felt looking into her eyes when I was watching her fucking.
Maybe that was it, maybe that's the spark we needed.
"When you first saw me watching you last week, what was going through your mind?"
"Oh god, at first I was terrified, confused. I was worried about what you'd do. I could tell by the look on your face that you were just as confused as I was right then."
"Yeah, I was. I was just trying to understand what was going on in front of me. How about after that?"
"Well, once I knew that you weren't going to run in there and kill us both, oh god I can't say this."
"Brittany, keep going. It's important."
"But I feel so guilty just thinking about it. Talk about being a bad wife."
"Keep going, please."
"Alright." Brittany let out a large sigh while nodding to me.
"I was turned on by it. By you watching me. I felt so bad, so naughty for what I was doing. But my god, it turned me on so much."
"I know, I could tell."
"I can't explain it. I've never felt that kind of sexual rush before. I came straight away."
"I remember. Then you started giving him encouragement, while looking directly into my eyes."
"I was feeling such a rush at that point, I felt so nasty staring at you while telling him to keep fucking me. It made me cum again."
"Yeah, then you begged him to cum inside of you. Without a condom."
"I got him to get tested before. I wouldn't have let him otherwise."
"Good, but what I mean is, was it hot for you? You begging him to cum inside you like that."
"Yeah. That was about as nasty as it gets. Begging him to cum in me while looking into your eyes. I'm so sorry if that hurt you, I was so deep in the moment right then, I couldn't think straight."
"How'd you feel when you first saw me watching you again today? I saw you smile."
"I did. I have to admit I was so happy to see you there, watching me again."
"Were you hoping that I'd show up?"
"Yes, very much."
"Why?"
"Oh god, I can't believe I'm saying this stuff to you."
"Brittany, why? Why were you so happy to have me there watching you again?"
"Because the sex is so much better when you're there. When you're watching me. I can't explain it, it's just such a rush. I makes me feel so naughty, so sexual, both at the same time."
"Is that it?"
"No. It's because I get to share it with you. It's the first time I've felt that connection with you since Tommy was born. It made me want you again."
"That's what I felt from you too. It's almost like your boyfriend wasn't even there."
"Yeah, I couldn't get him to leave fast enough when we were done. All I could think about was you."
"Maybe we've found a way to get that spark back between us."
"What? Having you watch me have sex with other men?"
I took the final mouthful of my beer.
"What have you got going on at work today? Can you take the rest of the afternoon off?"
"Yeah, what did you have in mind?"
"I want to take you home right now, I want to fuck you so bad."
"So, you want to try being my boyfriend?"
"Yeah, I do."
"What about watching me with my other boyfriends?"
"If that's what it takes."
Brittany quickly finished her beer, placing it down on the table.
"Billy, take me home. I want you more than ever right now."
She then leaned over the table to kiss me hard on the lips, our first proper kiss in three long years.
This wasn't exactly how I thought we would re-ignite the love in our marriage, but right now, this was working for us. Sometimes you just have to go with what works, even if it's something you never imagined you'd be comfortable with before. I love my wife and she loves me, that's all that really matters.
The End.