Ben Stokes' Swinging Household 02.

This story describes further activities in Ben Stokes' Swinging Household. To fully understand the events told, it would be best to read the first chapter. But, if all you want is something to stroke to, there is plenty in here to encourage you.
This story contains scenes of crossdressing, cuckoldry, man-on-man sex, and voyeurism. If these things aren't for you, please, read no further.
All characters are a minimum of eighteen years old.
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Not long after Ben's 50thbirthday party began, Nigel answered a knock on the door. Opening it, Nigel found a couple he had met once before, John Murray and his wife, Courtney. A little star-struck at meeting the AFL star, Nigel didn't notice they had brought another guest.
"Hi, again, Nigel," John Murray said. "You remember Courtney, of course." Then encouraging the young man he'd brought along forward, John said, "This is Chin-lung (Jin-Long). He's a Taiwanese exchange student that Courtney and I are hosting for this semester."
"Hi, Nigel," Chin-lung said, shaking Nigel's hand. "Call me Gin. It's easier."
Nigel was even more tongue-tied than he was meeting John and Courtney. Nigel thought Chin-lung was exquisite. Chin-lung was only about 5-ft. 4-in. (163 cm) tall, and Nigel guessed that Chin-lung only weighed around 140 lbs (64 kg). With soft, delicate features, a fine nose, and full lips, Chin-lung looked quite androgynous, and Nigel fell in love.
Watching Nigel and Gin openly examine each other, to the exclusion of all others, sent a smile flitting across Courtney's face. Tugging on John's arm, she said, "Come on. Let's go find Ben. Leave those two to get to know each other."
Nigel finally found his tongue, "Oh, shit," he said. "Sorry for ogling. Would you like a drink? Something cold or hot?"
"It's okay, Nigel," Gin answered. "I was equally as guilty of ogling."
Then, holding up the six-pack of wine coolers he'd brought, Gin added, "If you have somewhere I can store these to keep them cool, I'll have one now and get more later."
Nigel blushed shyly, "I have a bar fridge in my room. If you'd like to use that?"
"Hmm," Gin said. "Make you hot and my coolers cold at the same time. Sounds perfect."
Gin turned Nigel and kissed him passionately as soon as Nigel closed the bedroom door. Being much shorter than the almost 6-foot (183 cm) Nigel, Gin stood on tip-toes to reach for the kiss. As he stretched, Gin's T-shirt pulled out of his trousers, exposing a sheer nylon bodysuit.
Fascinated, Nigel pulled the T-shirt off Gin's lithe body. Then, dropping to his knees, Nigel pulled Gin's tight-fitting jeans down, revealing suspenders and stockings to match the body suit above.
Gin's thick, 6-inch cock was beautifully encased in a tiny G-string thong. It rapidly hardened in front of Nigel's panting mouth, straining at the thin material holding it down.
'Oh, Gawd,' Nigel thought. 'This is what I need. An androgynous boy/girl. The best of both worlds. Feminine softness, with a rock-hard cock.'
Taking Gin's stiffening cock out of its pouch, Nigel ran his tongue around the head before allowing it to slide into his mouth.
"Oh, fuck," Gin moaned. "Cup my balls, baby. I'm about to cum!"
Holding Nigel's head firmly in his feminine hands, Gin unloaded a virtual torrent into Nigel's greedily sucking mouth. Then, pulling Nigel up, Gin toppled backward onto the bed. Spreading his thighs, Gin unzipped Nigel and fished Nigel's colossal wang out between the fly.
"OMFG!" Gin moaned as he felt Nigel's huge cock twitching in his hand. "You have to shove that delicious bat in my boy pussy right now!"
Spitting on his hand and rubbing it over the head of Nigel's dick, Gin guided it into his ass. A pained grunt flew from Gin's mouth as Nigel's cock burst through his knot and deep into his ass. But then Nigel's cock hit Gin's prostate, and Gin was gone.
Grunting and groaning, Gin moaned, "Oh, fuck, yes. Fuck me, you man. You big-tooled, gorgeous man, make this slutty girly boy yours."
Because of his extreme girth and length, Nigel mostly received during sex. One of the reasons Gloria had Nigel so confused was that she so readily took all his cock. Took it all and demanded more. Typically, on the rare times he could find a partner willing to allow penetration, Nigel spent ages stretching and preparing his lover's ass before fucking them.
But, suddenly, Nigel had two lovers who wanted him to fuck them and demanded he forcefully did so.
In seventh heaven, Nigel kissed Gin, grabbed him by his shoulders and started gently fucking Gin's already gaped ass.
"Don't hold back, lover," Gin demanded. "I can take all you've got and then some."
Groaning with pent-up desire, Nigel shifted his weight, so he settled more firmly onto Gin's chest. Then Nigel pulled Gin down as he thrust forwards into him. Gin's legs lifted to wrap around Nigel's hips, and Gin met every thrust with his own.
Nigel's bedroom was filled with the sounds of an ass being well and truly fucked. Nigel's pelvis slapped loudly against Gin's ass as Nigel withdrew all but the tip of his gigantic dick out of Gin before slamming it back in as hard as possible.
Gin came first. Nigel's thick cock rubbed Gin's prostate with every stroke. It was more than Gin could bare, so, squealing like a girl, Gin shot juices between his and Nigel's bellies. Feeling his lover's cum squirting sent Nigel exploding into orgasm.
With his nuts squeezed against his shaft, Nigel blasted his seed into Gin's rear fuck hole. Locking lips with Gin, Nigel bucked and shuddered with Gin as they both enjoyed several after-shocks. By the time Nigel rolled off onto his back, they were both covered in cum. More fluids slowly leaked back out of Gin's still gaping ass.
Gin went down on Nigel without a word and hoovered their combined secretions off Nigel's wang. Nigel was soon ready to go again. So was Gin. Gin opened Nigel's bedside drawer and took out the bottle of lube he knew was in there. Oiling his thick 6-inch cock, Gin spread some lube onto Nigel's ass before lifting Nigel's knees and forcing them apart.
Positioning the head of his penis at Nigel's rosebud, Gin asked, "You ready for me, baby?"
In answer, Nigel moaned and nodded as he hooked his heels behind Gin's thighs and pulled his lover towards him. Nigel twitched as Gin's diamond-hard dick drilled through his ass' knot but, only seconds later, quickly shoved his hips up to meet every downward thrust from Gin.
Gin moved so he could kneel with his ass on his heels. Gin's thighs were spread around Nigel's hips. Gin couldn't stroke as far in and out of Nigel's ass like this. But he could take Nigel's enormous todger in his hand and masturbate Nigel as he fucked him.
Next, Gin shifted again so that he was on his knees and resting on his left hand. This allowed him to fuck Nigel deeper and still allowed him to toss Nigel off.
Nigel's eyes rolled back. Then, with an expansive groan, Nigel's cock spat cum into the air as his orgasm ripped through him. Pulling quickly out of Nigel's ass, Gin wrapped his soft lips around the head of Nigel's cock and milked Nigel into his mouth.
After swallowing Nigel's latest gift, Gin slid back into Nigel's ass before filling it with cum.
"I need to go pee, baby," Gin informed Nigel after they both settled on the bed. "Do you have a robe I can borrow? I want to duck out to the car and get my things if that's okay?"
Nigel pointed at the robe hanging behind the door. Gin put it on and slipped out the door. He was back a few minutes later carrying a shopping bag and a small handbag. Then, sitting at Nigel's dresser, Gin opened the handbag and removed more makeup items than Nigel thought existed.
Starting with some skin prep, Gin carefully and skilfully transformed himself from a handsome, if somewhat effeminate, man into a stunning vision of Asian loveliness. By the time Gin added the long black wig he had taken out of the shopping bag, there was no sign, other than the thick cock between his legs, that Gin was male.
Looking at the stunning vision before him, Nigel's dick rose to the occasion again. Taking it in his hand, Nigel stroked himself to full erection before presenting his cock's head to Gin's ruby-coloured lips.
Laughing coquettishly, Gin whispered, "Bad boy! You just want to mess my makeup up."
"And cum in your mouth," Nigel added.
Cupping Nigel's balls, Gin allowed most of Nigel's colossal fuck-stick into his mouth. Then, swallowing gamely, relaxed his larynx and let Nigel push in until Nigel's hairy pelvis tickled his nose.
"No fucking way!" Nigel moaned. "You did not just take every inch in your mouth!"
But Gin had. To make things even better, Gin put a hand on Nigel's ass and the other on Nigel's hip. Then, Gin pushed Nigel's hip before pulling him back in. Getting the hint, Nigel began slowly fucking Gin's mouth.
Gin accepted Nigel's length readily, and before long, Nigel held Gin's head tightly as he vigorously shafted Gin's throat.
Nigel came with a roar. Pulling out of Gin's mouth, Nigel offered his balls and taint to the kneeling Gin. As Gin lashed his balls and perineum, Nigel wanked himself viciously before pulling back and unloading all over Gin's face.
Gathering the mess off his face before feeding it into his mouth, Gin smiled at Nigel, "I knew you'd wreck my makeup, you naughty boy. Now, I'll have to start all over again."
Nigel didn't feel the least bit guilty. Instead, lying on his bed, Nigel avidly watched Gin return his face to beautiful. Once satisfied with his appearance, Gin dressed in an ultra-short miniskirt. Then he added a bra with 'chicken-fillet' inserts and a tiny halter top that left his back bare and barely covered his bra.
Stepping into a pair of 7-inch stiletto pumps and adjusting the long, straight, black wig on his head, Gin said, "Shall we go and make your friends and housemates jealous and see how many hearts we can break?"
Laughing, Nigel offered his arm and escorted Gin out into the raucous party swirling around the house.
Ben had just completed his assignation with Beverly when Nigel and Gin exited Nigel's room.
Seeing Gin's gorgeously protruding bottom and her calves popping, Ben thought, 'Fuck! Maybe I got Nigel all wrong. First Gloria, now this delectable piece. Nigel and his enormous cock must be straight after all.'
Heading for the pool deck, Ben forgot all about Nigel and his new friend.
After setting his mate up with Beverly, Ben received kisses from his two younger female housemates. The younger of the two, Emily, gave Ben a small wrapped gift.
"Happy birthday, Benny," Emily said as she got on tip-toes to kiss him. "Hope it's a great one. I got you this little gift," she added, handing Ben a small box.
Shaking it, Ben asked, "What is it?"
"The key to my heart," Emily smiled. "Open it and see."
Ben ripped off the paper and opened the box. Inside were two keys, a small gold one and a larger silver one that looked like a plain Yale door key.
Emily pulled Ben down to plant another quick kiss on his shocked lips, "Look for the padlock on my heart," she whispered. "It should be obvious what the other key opens."
To make sure Ben looked in the right place, Emily turned before shaking her ass and walking off. Snugged around her waist, just above her full ass, Emily wore a gold chain complete with a heart-shaped gold padlock. The chain twined through her bikini briefs, and the padlock had to be opened and the chain undone before the briefs could be removed.
Ben's already imminent erection grew more noticeable, so he quickly jumped into the pool to hide it.
'WTF!' He thought. 'Could Emily mean what she just said and hinted at? Surely not! I'm over twice her age.'
But he was certain the little minx precisely meant what she had hinted. She wanted Ben to use both keys to visit her later that night.
Ben circulated through the party, greeting friends and getting to know the partners and others his friends had brought. Although Ben received numerous 'come-ons' and some explicit offers, his mind kept returning to the gold chain and padlock over Emily's rounded butt.
The clock nearing midnight found Ben outside Emily's room. Glancing around to ensure he wasn't seen, Ben used the silver key to open Emily's door, and he quickly slipped inside. Emily stood framed by the moonlight pouring in through her bedroom window. Her arm rested on the sill. All she wore was the gorgeous bikini described earlier.
Ben's mouth went dry, "Gawd, Emily. You are an absolute vision," Ben panted.
Smiling coquettishly, Emily tipped her head back and shook her lustrous brown locks, "I'm glad, Sir, approves," she murmured huskily.
Needlessly, she added, "Did you bring the other key?"
Ben held it up for Emily to see.
Trying her best to play the role of seductress, the inexperienced Emily purred, "Then get on your knees before me and use it, big boy."
Spoiling the illusion a little by nearly tripping over the rug beside her bed, Emily turned and presented her curvy but toned butt to Ben.
Kneeling, Ben quickly undid the lock and tugged Emily's bikini bottom down. As Ben pulled her bikini brief down, Emily undid the clasp between the bikini's cups and let it fall to the floor. Then, stepping out of the bikini bottom, Emily turned and lowered her ass onto Ben's bent thighs.
Wrapping her arms around Ben's neck, Emily laid her head on Ben's shoulder before kissing his jaw, "Make love to me, Ben, please. Show me what it means to be a real man's girl."
Holding Emily's rounded bottom, Ben stood, then laid her on the bed. Ben kissed Emily's plump lips before covering her tiny but full-figured body with his. Then, Ben slid down to Emily's luscious chest. Gently cupping Emily's right breast, Ben ran his tongue in small circles around Emily's left nipple.
Finding Emily's tiny right nipple with his thumb, Ben mimicked the circling motion of his tongue. Then, swapping over, Ben tongued Emily's right nipple as he thumbed her left.
Moaning, Emily instinctively lifted and spread her knees to allow Ben to settle between them. Feeling Ben's muscular chest on her stomach had Emily panting with desire. The exquisite feelings Ben elicited from her breasts made her yearn for more.
So, pushing her pudenda up at Ben, Emily groaned as she held Ben to her breasts, "More, honey, please. Taste me, I beg you."
Ben continued to flick and circle Emily's breasts with his tongue and thumb, ignoring Emily's plea. Then, letting his hand trail down Emily's rib cage, Ben forced himself up enough to slide his hand between his body and Emily's bed. Next, Ben found Emily's trimmed pubis. Then, delving through the wispy hair, Ben's right thumb found Emily's clitoris. Finally, pressing his thumb firmly against Emily's pleasure nub, Ben suckled her nipples as he manipulated her clit.
Emily's hands flew to Ben's hair. Then, grabbing a handful with each hand, Emily moaned, "Oh, Gawd, Ben. I'm going to cum!"
Arching her back, Emily thrust her hips up at Ben before gasping through a mild orgasm. Sighing, Emily opened her eyes to gaze at Ben, "Fuck, that was good, Ben. What do you want me to do for you?"
Knowing Emily had only had a minor orgasm, Ben replied, "Relax, Em. Open your mind, and let me take you to nirvana. We've only begun our journey, little one. And we've barely made it to base camp on Mount Orgasmic."
Stretching luxuriously, which caused her voluptuous chest to jiggle delightfully, Emily purred, "Then take me there, lover. I want to leap off the peak of Mount Orgasmic hand-in-hand with you."
Holding Emily's gorgeously large breasts in his hands as he gently tweaked and pulled on her nipples. Ben then kissed slowly down Emily's smoothly curved abdomen, across her pubis and onto her shaved pussy lips.
Lapping at the entrance to Emily's vulva, Ben tweaked and pulled more insistently on Emily's nipples. Causing Emily a tiny amount of pain as the pleasure from his tongue drove her into bliss, Ben slowly encouraged Emily to climb Cum Mountain.
Emily began panting.
"Oh, Gawd. Oh, Gawd. Oh, Gawd," she repeated over and over as never before felt sensations of total pleasure pulsed through her body.
Moving his right hand from Emily's left nipple, Ben slipped that hand under his body before finding the entrance to Emily's pussy. Then Ben opened his mouth and covered Emily's twat from her clitoris to her labia. Next, holding his tongue in a point, Ben rapidly flicked it over Emily's clit before circling that divine nub as quickly as possible. Finally, Ben let his tongue fall flat as he lapped from above his finger to Emily's clitoris.
Ben had his middle finger delved deep inside Emily's quim. Then, hooking his finger up and back, Ben searched for the rough area inside of Emily's cunt, behind her pubic bone, that indicated her G-spot. Finding it by Emily's sudden gasped expression of want, Ben returned to flicking his tongue over and around Emily's clit. Then he twirled his fingers over Emily's most sensitive inner pleasure node.
Emily grabbed a handful of the sheet on either side of her body. Then, almost levitating off the bed as she arched her back, Emily screamed into an earth-shattering cum explosion.
"FUUUUUUUUUCCKKKK MEEEEEEEEEE, BEN!!!. I'M CUUMMMMMMMMMING," She yelled, much to the amusement of the other guests.
Bucking like a wild thing, Emily shook and shuddered through several more orgasms before sagging back onto the bed.
Knowing he needed to allow Emily to come down from her cum high, Ben moved so he could hold Emily gently as he stroked her hair and whispered inanities to her.
Satiated and humming softly, Emily's eyes finally opened. She gazed wonderingly at Ben, "So that is what making love should feel like?" she asked. "Wow! I want to make you feel good, Ben. What would you have me do to make you feel as good as I do?"
Hugging Emily to his broad chest, Ben answered, "Having you orgasm so beautifully under me is reward enough, my darling girl. But, if you want me to, I can enter you and make you feel even better."
"I want you to, Ben," Emily shyly said. "I want you to, very much."
Ben is a considerate and gifted lover. Sensing that despite her seductive display, Emily was a sexual novice, Ben chose to make slow, burning, passionate love to her. So, Ben began by gently stroking Emily's hair and face as he skilfully kissed her.
Holding the back of Emily's head with his left hand, Ben tilted his head before kissing her luscious lips. Then, sliding his tongue forward, Ben lightly licked the corner of Emily's mouth and along her lips. Finally, taking Emily's pouting bottom lip between his teeth, Ben gently bit down on it before pulling softly back.
Feeling this tiny amount of pain had Emily's juices percolating again. With a deep moan, she found Ben's head with her hands and kissed him back. Then, holding Ben's head firmly, Emily rolled onto her back, pulling Ben onto her body and between her plump thighs.
Lifting her knees, Emily wrapped her thighs around Ben's hips. Then, with her heels on Ben's calves, Emily encouraged Ben to enter her by pulling insistently back.
But when she felt the size of Ben's cock against her labia, Emily's eyes flew open, "You're so big, baby," Emily fearfully said. "I'm scared that it's going to hurt."
"Little one," Ben reassured her. "You're so hot and wet and ready for me that I promise I'll slide home easily, and it'll feel better than you can ever imagine."
Still fearful, Emily nodded to indicate Ben should continue.
As Ben predicted, he slipped through Emily's pussy sphincter and deeply into her without issue. Ben's pelvis hit Emily's pubic bone. Wonderingly, Emily pushed Ben back so she could see his dick inside her.
"OMG!" She said. "It's all in! All of it. Every inch of that magnificent thing is inside me. OMFG!"
Ben clenched his pelvic floor. In response, Ben's cock jumped inside Emily. It scraped across Emily's G-spot. Emily emitted a surprised grunt, "OMFG! Do that again, please."
Ben rhythmically clenched his ass shut. Emily started to buck every time he did. Finally, her eyes rolled back, and she groaned loudly, "Fuck me, Ben. I need you to fuck me right now!"
Still controlling things beautifully, Ben began moving back and forth inside Emily. It didn't take long before Emily demanded more.
"Harder! Faster! Oh, fuck! Yes! Fuck me. Fuck me hard, Ben. Oh, Gawd. Oh, Gawd!"
Emily gave up all control to her older, more experienced lover. Instead, she rode the sensations. Finally, Emily was there. She stood at the pinnacle of Cum Mountain and gazed into the depths of orgasmic heaven. Then, with one last screamed exhalation, Emily launched into the abyss of a cataclysmic cum event.
Feeling Emily's juices wash over his balls, Ben released the binds he had tied so firmly around his need and unleashed a torrent of man seed into Emily's wanting and grasping cunt.
Ben and Emily fell asleep in each other's arms.
Morning found the Stokes household slowly gathering in Ben's kitchen. Nigel and Gin were the first to appear. Gin had touched up his makeup and wore an outfit more suited to day wear than the night before.
Gloria and Barry arrived next. Seeing Nigel and Gin cuddling confused Gloria, 'I'm sure Nigel is gay,' she thought. 'But here he is, cuddled up to a gorgeous woman. WTF?'
Looking Gin over appreciatively, Gloria added to her thoughts, "Fuck! I wouldn't mind a chop at her, too.'
Sarah walked past the kitchen with her lover in tow. Opening the door, Sarah crooned, "Thanks for a great night, lover. Call me soon, okay?"
Returning to the kitchen, Sarah raised an eyebrow at the quizzical expressions on the others' faces.
"What? I gave him a false number. He wasn't that good. But I needed an itch scratched, and scratched it was."
Another hour passed before Ben appeared. The rest stood and applauded.
"What the fuck?" Ben asked.
"You were even louder than Gloria, Ben," Sarah explained. "Well. You weren't, but Emily was."
Incredibly proud of himself, Ben smiled and said, "What's a guy to do? Emily wanted some of this," he indicated his nearly naked body with a flourish. "Besides, who wouldn't?"
A little later, Emily sheepishly joined the others in the kitchen. Sarah and Gloria surrounded her and gave her big hugs.
Laughing, Sarah said, "Good to see you're not only a perve but an active participant, Ems. You'll have to tell me all about it later."
Emily walked over to Ben, kissing his cheek shyly. She said, "Sorry, big daddy. I didn't realise everyone knew."
Hugging her back, Ben replied, "I don't mind, Em. I like that everyone knows we're lovers."
Gloria, surprisingly, made breakfast for everyone. Bacon, eggs, hash browns, fried mushrooms and toast were served to all who wanted them. All except Sarah dug into the food.
"Carbs go straight on my thighs," Sarah explained. "Then it's too much like hard work to get rid of them. So, I don't eat them."
As they ate, Ben examined Gin closely. 'Fuck! Is she hot, or what?' He thought.
Gin wore a clinging pair of exercise leggings. Underneath these, Gin had put on a 'control brief'. The brief allowed Gin to tuck his thick cock away, so it wasn't readily apparent. With a crop top and his 'chicken fillets' in place, Gin looked like a gorgeous young Asian woman on the brink of her twenties.
Nigel loved that Ben and Gloria were attracted to Gin, 'It's awesome having a hot girlfriend that everyone lusts over,' he thought. 'Best part is, I get rogered by her cock whenever I want to be.'
Nigel considered sending Gin to seduce Ben so he could finally taste Ben's dick, but he thought Ben would freak out when Ben learned Gin was a man.
Beverly, Rod and Mark walked into the kitchen. Beverly wore one of Ben's dressing gowns and was obviously naked underneath. Rod still only wore his speedos. Mark was fully dressed.
Surprised, Ben said, "Where did you three come from?"
"If you'd slept in your bed last night, Mister," Beverly acerbically said. "You'd know."
Indicating Rod, Beverly added, "You know Rod?"
"My accountant?" Ben replied. "No. I don't know him at all."
Mark saw Gin, and his eyebrows raised. Gin and Mark had chatted on an internet site before. Both knew of the others' crossdressing. Hiding his reaction, Mark introduced the three to everyone there.
"Your daughter?" Rodney asked Beverly. "She's just as beautiful as her mother."
Barry protectively put his arm around Gloria. Gloria glanced at him and smiled, "Men can look, Barry," she told him. "As long as they only look, it's not a problem."
Gloria had decided that Barry was her man. She hoped she could have something similar to what her mother and father had. Beverly and Mark loved each other, but Mark loved watching Beverly fucking other men. Mark wasn't only a voyeur. He actively recruited men to fuck his wife. And he loved hiding in closets and watching them do her.
Gloria wanted Barry to be like her father. A steadfast man who loved her unconditionally but left her free to explore her sexuality.
Nudging Barry, Beverly said, "So, are you finally going to call that Uber and take me back to yours? Or am I staying here and seeing if Ben, Gin, or Rodney wants to fuck me?"
Barry had his phone out in a flash. The Uber appeared a few minutes later, and Gloria and Barry left.
Rodney left next.
Kissing Beverly's cheek, he said, "It's been a pleasure, my dear. You have my number. Call me if you and your husband want a repeat performance."
Sarah stretched and yawned, "I'm going back to bed," she said. "Emily, if you'd like to taste my pussy, come with me."
Emily hugged Ben and replied, "No, thanks, hun. I'd rather hang out here for now."
Nigel said, "Gin and I are heading out. I need to do some grocery shopping. Do you or Emily need anything?"
"Gin?" Ben asked. "John and Courtney's exchange student? I thought Gin was a man?"
"I am," Gin answered. "Well. I was born with a cock, but I more closely identify as a woman than a man."
'Fuck me,' Ben thought. 'I don't care what he is. I'd fuck him in a New York minute!'
Emily was equally gobsmacked. Having experienced Gloria's overt sexuality. Sarah's soft, feminine charms, plus Ben's rampantly heterosexuality. She thought making love with Gin would help broaden her experiences.
Initially, Emily thought Gin was female. Having already fucked with Gloria and Sarah, Emily didn't think adding Gin would add much to her experiences. But now she thought a 'chick with a dick' would be an erotic sidebar to her explorations.
Nigel revelled in the sensation of having a 'girlfriend' that women and men were attracted to. His long, thick cock throbbed at the thought of watching Gin with any of his flatmates. Nigel pleaded to the Gods he believed in that Ben wanted to take Gin to bed. If he did, Nigel would insist he was allowed to join in. Then, finally, Nigel could make true his desire to suck and be fucked by Ben.
Mark and Beverly left. Beverly said, kissing Ben and hugging Emily, "Be good to him. Emily. He acts like a big old tough grizzly bear, but he's just a teddy bear on the inside."
Surprised by how readily Ben's friends accepted her as part of Ben's life, Emily replied, "I will, Beverly. I don't know where this is heading, but I'll never purposefully hurt him."
"See that you don't, Missy," Beverly responded. "I love this big old lump of a man, and I wouldn't want to hurt you. But, if you break his heart, I will."
Turning to Ben, Beverly said, "And you never fucked my ass, Ben. You owe me. Come and visit early next week. I need to feel that delicious dick of yours sliding into my ass again."
With Sarah sleeping in her room, that left Emily and Ben alone.
"Well, Mister," Emily asked. "Are you going to take me to your bed and fuck me, or what?"
Laughing, Ben said, "You need to learn how to deep-throat a cock. Promise me you'll learn, and I'll fuck you into nirvana again."
"Why are we still in the kitchen?" Emily rhetorically asked.
Meanwhile, at Barry's flat, Gloria was slowly letting Barry's slender 5-inch dick slide out of her ass. She'd tried to cum with Barry fucking her pussy, but found Barry didn't fill her enough for her to be satisfied. Now the initial rush of a new conquest had worn off, Gloria needed more inside her than Barry provided.
In desperation, Gloria had straddled Barry and guided his cock into her ass. She got close but still hadn't managed to pop off the edge.
'Why are all the nice men I meet useless fucks?' she thought.
Barry managed to stave off his orgasm, so his cock still jumped and throbbed. Barry wanted Gloria to cum so he could cum with her. He knew if he couldn't satiate Gloria, Gloria would quickly move on to another.
Deciding to take a cue from some of the things he'd heard about Ben, Barry tried to 'butch up'. Making his voice deeper and more powerful, Barry said, "Where are you going, bitch? I didn't say we were done. Get on your knees and suck this."
Then he rudely shoved his meagre dick into Gloria's mouth.
Amused, Gloria chose to play along. Sucking Barry's cock as she played with his balls, Gloria looked fetchingly up at Barry. Then, letting his cock out of her mouth, she said, "Like this, Sir? Does Sir like the way I suck his dick?"
Already losing the charade, Barry moaned a definitive "Yes."
Gloria had had enough. She pushed Barry back onto the bed. Surprised by Gloria's strength, Barry lay still as Gloria swung a plump thigh over his head and sat on his face.
"Eat my cunt, you useless prick," Gloria demanded. "Eat it well, or I will sit on you so hard you'll suffocate."
With Gloria's hairy twat plastered over his mouth, Barry knew it was lick or suffocate. He hadn't had much experience orally servicing a woman, but he'd watched plenty of porn. First, Barry took hold of Gloria's ass cheeks and spread them apart. Then, tilting his head back, Barry licked as far along Gloria's perineum as he could reach.
Feeling Barry's tongue on her taint, Gloria moved, so her ass was over Barry's mouth. Barry has a long tongue, as Gloria found out. It snaked deliciously along Gloria's ass crevice and onto her rosebud. Forcing his tongue stiff, Barry fucked Gloria's ass with it.
Loosening her much-abused ass sphincter, Gloria revelled in feeling Barry's tongue entering her dark passage.
"Oh, Gawd, Barry. That's good, baby. Like that. Yes! Just like that. Oh, Lawd, oh, lawd. Oh, Lawdy, Lawd! I'm cumming," Gloria gasped as Barry's glorious tongue delved deeply into her nether regions.
Moving swiftly backwards, Gloria presented her wet snatch to Barry's tongue as she gobbled all his tube sausage into her mouth. Barry shoved his long tongue as far into Gloria's cunt as it would go, then swirled it in quick circles. Gloria's juices poured out of her vulva and down Barry's chin and neck as she came again.
Feeling Gloria cum on his tongue allowed Barry to release his desires. Barry came into Gloria's warm, wet mouth with a deep, manly grunt.
'Gawd!' Gloria thought. 'Who cares if he's only got 5-inches of dick if his mouth and tongue are that good? Mum says dad hasn't got much between his legs, but she stays because she loves his oral abilities. Now, if I can just convince Barry to let me fuck others, he'll make a perfect husband.'
To test the waters, Gloria said, "Hmm, Barry. Having you lick my juicy, cum-filled pussy is so divine! How does cum taste mingled with my juices?"
Barry hoped Gloria only meant his cum from last night, but his todger still jumped at Gloria's rampant sexuality. So, taking him back in her mouth, Gloria lowered her cunt onto Barry's tongue.
Holding Barry's shaft, Gloria moved her head back far enough to say, "That's it, Barry. Get your tongue right in there. Fish that cum out of my pussy. Make your lover all clean and ready for another load."
Barry groaned into Gloria's twat as unwanted visions of eating cum from Gloria's pussy filtered through his mind. Suddenly, an extremely graphic image of going down on Gloria after Ben had cum in her exploded across Barry's imagination. Trying to deny how much that image excited him, Barry moaned into Gloria again.
It didn't matter how hard Barry tried to imagine something else. That image pulsed in his mind. Desperate to make Gloria cum with him, Barry moved his mouth back onto Gloria's ass and pushed his long tongue firmly into her bottom.
Gloria had no idea where Barry's sudden oral fervour came from, and she didn't care. But, when she felt Barry's superb tongue snaking into her rear love passage, Gloria burst into her first full orgasm of the day.
Gloria groaned around Ben's cock as her pussy gushed liquids onto Barry's chin. The vibrations on Barry's cock sent him over the edge, and Barry shot another load into Gloria's willing mouth.
Now she had popped, Gloria rode Barry's mouth and tongue through two more orgasms as she waited for Barry's cock to revive. Finally, when Barry had hardened sufficiently, Gloria pulled him on top of her and let him cum in her pussy.
Then, testing the waters again, Gloria encouraged Barry to go down on her. Barry eagerly licked his cum from in and around Gloria's cunt this time. To Gloria's delight, Barry was soon ragingly hard again. As a reward, Gloria let Barry cum in her ass. Without being asked or guided, Barry cleaned Gloria's ass after he'd cum, too.
Eating his cum from Gloria's lush body, as his mind devilishly intruded images of licking Ben's seed off her, had Barry's inexperienced libido raging. He didn't know what it meant and was a little afraid it meant he was gay, but he knew he was hotter to trot than a bitch on heat.
Once Gloria's ass was clean, Barry was ready to go again. Surprised, Gloria went down on him and quickly blew him into another orgasm.
'I'm definitely keeping this one for a while," Gloria thought. 'If he can go like that, he'll be fun to play with. I'll have to see if he'll let me fuck another man as he watches, then get him to eat that man's cum out of my pussy. If he does, I might even marry him.'
Gloria had a sudden plan. 'Nigel can't resist me,' she realised. 'I'll wait until he has that gorgeous friend of his over again, then seduce them both. Hell! I'll even let Barry fuck what's her face if he'll eat Nigel's cum out of my ass and pussy.'
Gloria didn't leave Barry's flat until it was time to go to work Monday morning. She dropped by her home for a change and a quick shower on her way to work. As she had hoped, Nigel sat in the kitchen chatting with his new friend when Gloria got home.
'It looks like she will be here for a while,' Gloria thought. 'Good. I'll seduce them both after work tonight.'
After Gloria left, Gin punched Nigel's arm, "You've fucked that," he accused.
Trying to protest, Nigel said, "What makes you say that? I'm gay. Why would I have fucked a woman?"
"Honey, if you're fucking me, you're not that gay," Gin purred. "But I could tell by how you both looked at each other. Your eyes went straight to her tits. Hers went straight to your cock."
"Well, what if I did? It's not like you and I are a permanent item," Nigel muttered defensively.
"That is one sexily lush bitch," Gin pointed out. "If you're going to fuck her again, I want in."
"Jaysus, Gin!" Nigel exclaimed. "I thought you were only into men, too?"
"Men mostly, but a dominant, earthy woman that loves to fuck. What's not to desire about that? Geez, Nigel. We can swap holes on that gorgeous bint all night, and all she'll do is beg for more. Ass, pussy and mouth. All holes, all night. And a bit of each other in between."
Nigel began thinking Gin's idea was a good one. His massive tool filled with blood as he thought about being in Gloria's ass as Gin fucked her pussy.
Gin noticed Nigel's rapidly hardening dick and ran his fingers lightly over the head, "How do you two go about getting it on?" He asked.
Groaning at the sensation of being fondled, Nigel replied, "I have no idea. Both times we fucked, Gloria jumped me in the hallway and dragged me back to bed. Before I knew it, my cock was down her throat, and her hands were wrapped around my balls. After that, I didn't care she was female. Or that she slid me into her cunt and not her ass."
"You'd never been inside a pussy before?" Gin disbelievingly asked.
"Not before that first night, no," Nigel confessed. "I never found women attractive. Trust me, Gin. Before Gloria had her way with me, I'd have freaked out when you transformed yourself, as I didn't find the female form attractive at all."
"But you do now?" Gin queried.
"I find you attractive, Gin. I love how you look, and your cock is divine. Gloria is, I don't know. She's just so aggressively sexual that she's hard to resist."
"Good," Gin averred. "Now take me to bed and show me how hard my boy-clitty is to resist."
Berry had an RDO (Rostered Day Off) that day. After Gloria left, he was a little at a loss as to what to do. Barry typically spent his RDOs masturbating to porn or indulging in his panty fetish. Barry's mum didn't know it, but over the years, Barry had purloined more than twenty pairs of her underwear.
When he was home alone, Barry shaved his groin from the belly button to mid-thigh. Then he'd tuck his dick back between his legs and squeeze into a pair of his mother's knickers. They were two sizes too small for him, but this helped hold Barry's cock and balls back out of sight, so he thought they worked perfectly.
Next, Barry set his webcam carefully to only show the shaved area and knickers. Then he'd drop into the Biaustralia chatrooms and see if someone wanted to cam and masturbate for him. It never occurred to Barry that watching men masturbate as they fantasised about fucking him meant he probably had some gay or bisexual tendencies. He only knew it felt good. Occasionally, if he found someone close to his age to cam with, Barry allowed those men to talk him into taking his cock out and jerking off with them.
But, having spent most of Saturday afternoon, night, and a solid chunk of the Sunday fucking Gloria, he felt satiated and didn't need to relieve any pressure.
Barry's dad, Gary, was home as well, so Barry walked over to the house to chat. He thought they could probably go and play golf together.
Gary sat at the table, reading the paper and drinking tea. Then, saying "Hello", Barry sat down.
Gary realised something was bothering his son, so he asked, "What's up, Baz?"
Barry had no idea how to ask his father the questions bubbling in his mind, so he said, "You fucked Beverly Saturday? Mark sat in the closet and watched?"
Gary smiled, "Yes. Yes, I did. Fuck, that tart goes off in the sack. You got to bang her daughter, though. How was that?"
"Gloria goes off, too, dad," Barry explained. "But, what's with Mark being in the closet?"
"Mark's a crossdressing voyeur, Baz. He loves watching Beverly fuck others and fantasises they're fucking him. Mark and Beverly's marriage is weird, but it works for them. They genuinely love each other and have been married for nearly forty years. Your mother's and my marriage was a traditional one. Look how that worked out."
"Mark likes to dress as a woman and pretends the men fucking his wife are really fucking him?"
"That's what Ben told me, Baz. I don't really know myself, but I doubt Ben was making it up. He fucks Beverly at least every other week when business takes him to Toowoomba."
"Is there a name for what Mark is?" Barry asked.
"He's a crossdresser, son."
"No. I meant for him enjoying watching his wife fuck others."
"Oh. Mark is a willing cuckold and a voyeur. He loves watching others having sex. He especially loves watching Beverly having sex. Ben says he recruits men to fuck her. That's how I got to fuck her. Ben told Mark I'd told him I thought Beverly was hot. Mark came straight over and asked if I'd like to take Beverly to bed. I was keen as hell, but Ben was already fucking her, so I had to wait."
"Ben fucked Beverly as well as Emily that night? Fuck! How does he do it? Emily's as hot as hell. Ben must be more than twice her age. How did he score with her?"
"Ben's rich, single, confident, and has a big dick. Women throw themselves at him. I bet he banged more women than you've had hot dinners."
"You didn't mind going seconds after Ben?"
"With someone as hot as Beverly? Nah. If I'd had to, I'd've gone thirds or even fourths."
"But what about Ben's cum being inside, Beverly? Or did Ben wear a condom?"
"Just adds to the flavour when you're going down on the girl, son. Besides, it meant Beverly was already wet and ready to trot when I got her to bed. So that meant I could skip over a lot of foreplay and get straight to fucking her."
"You don't mind eating a man's sperm out of a woman, dad? Barry disbelievingly asked.
Garry had completed a seven-year stretch in the Australian Navy before settling down and marrying Barry's mum.
"After six months at sea, with nothing but swinging dicks and boy's bollocks to see, son. Any woman looks good. Even if she has a pussy full of cum."
Gary could see that Gary had more questions but felt he wasn't the right person for his son to talk to. Barry had questions he was too ashamed to ask his father, and Gary thought they wouldn't be asked when Barry needed them answered.
"I'd tell you to go and talk to Ben, but I think he's probably too old to chat like you need to, too. Give me a minute. I'll call John Murray and see if he'll let you come and chat."
"The AFL player? How do you know him?"
"If he'll see you, you can ask him." Gary enigmatically answered.
Gary returned a few minutes later, "You're in luck. He's staying at Samuel's Brooks place and invited you over."
"Samuel Brooks, Queens Counsel? Dad, how do you know these people?"
"I don't know, Mr Brooks, son. Ben does, but I only know of Samuel. We've never met."
"But you know John Murray?"
"Yeah. He and Ben are friends. They hang out all the time. I've been out with them and Courtney several times."
"Fuck!" Barry exclaimed. "Is Courtney as hot as she looks on TV?"
"Even hotter, I reckon," Gary confirmed.
"Will she be there when I meet John Murray?"
"I didn't think to ask."
"Okay. What do I do? Do I call Mr Murray, or what?"
"I've texted you Samuel's address. If you want to go, I'll text John and say you're on your way."
"I'm not sure why you think he can help me, but fuck it. Why not? Hopefully, I can tell the guys at work tomorrow I hung out with him and Courtney."
Barry entered Samuel's address into Google maps and was soon talking into the intercom on Samuel's gate.
John Murray answered, "Come on up, Baz. I'll meet you at the front door."
Barry drove up the circular driveway and stopped next to the front door. John Murray waited outside the open front door.
"Pleased to meet you, Barry," John said. "I know your dad well. Hope he's fit and healthy?"
"Yeah, Mr Murray," Barry nervously answered, a little starstruck. "He's good."
"Come in, Baz. Would you like something to eat or drink? Courtney's cooking if you'd like brunch?"
"That'd be grand, Mr Murray," Barry said in a rush.
John kissed his heavily pregnant wife before introducing Barry, "Hey, Courts. You remember Gary Sommerfield?" When Courtney nodded, John added, "This is his son Barry. Gaz thinks I can help Barry with some issues he's having."
"If anyone can, you can, babe," Courtney answered in her musical voice. Barry knew it well from her morning radio breakfast show.
Courtney walked over and gave Barry a quick peck on his cheek, "Pleased to meet you, Gaz. Excuse the waddle, but I'm due to pop any moment now."
"Our third," John said proudly. "And our first girl. I'm hoping for a mini Courtney. What do you think, Baz?"
Barry choked out, even more starstruck than earlier, "I think if she's half as beautiful as her mother, she'll still be a total stunner."
John and Courtney both beamed at him.
Shooing the men out of the kitchen, Courtney said, "Eggs, bacon, chipolata sausages, Haloumi cheese, mushrooms and fried tomato, Barry. What would you like to drink?"
"Coffee is fine, thanks, Mrs Murray," Barry said.
"Call me Courtney, honey," Courtney said. "When I hear Mrs Murray, I look for my mother-in-law."
Courtney placed a piled plate in front of both men before taking a small helping for herself and leaving the dining room.
"What's up, Baz?" John asked. "Your dad thinks you're struggling with something."
"I met this girl, John," Barry explained, feeling somehow relaxed in John's company. John's calm openness allowed Barry to speak freely. "She's got my head spinning out of control. She's so sexual and so aggressive with it. I'm unsure how to handle the feelings she's stirring up in me."
"Beverly's daughter, Gloria, I assume we're talking about?"
"You've met Gloria and Beverly?"
"Yes, numerous times. They're both, shall we say, difficult to resist?"
Dropping his voice to a whisper, Barry asked, "You've, you know, been with them both?"
"I've fucked both Swanson women if that's what you mean, Baz. Me and Courtney both."
"You and Courtney have got it on with Gloria and Beverly?" Ben asked disbelievingly.
"Not together, Baz. Courtney and I have played with Gloria and her mum, but not with both at the same time."
"Wonderingly, Barry queried, "You and Courtney play together?"
"Always, Baz. I was a pig before Courtney and Samuel taught me better. I did some horrible things behind my wife's back before she brought me to heel. But now, we do everything together. It's awesome to explore your sexuality with someone you truly love and care about."
"Do you think I could have fallen in love with Gloria already, John?" Barry beseeched. "That's the only thing I can think would have my head spinning so much."
"Many men have fallen for her, Baz. You're not the first and probably won't be the last. But she's easy to catch and difficult to hold, you know?"
Barry nodded, "What do you think I should do?"
"If you'll relax and let her, Gloria will take you on one hell of a wild ride, Baz. But I'd try to refrain from falling for her too hard. I don't think any one man will ever be enough for Gloria."
"What if it's too late, John?" Barry asked, almost in tears.
"To hold her, Barry, you'll probably have to be like her dad."
"A crossdressing voyeuristic cuckold?"
John smiled, "Well, you might not need to crossdress."
"Let my girlfriend fuck whomever she wants and learn to get off from watching her do it?"
"If you want to be a permanent part of her life, then yes," John answered simply.
John stared at Barry intently for quite some time. Then, making a decision, John called out to Courtney, "Courts! Can you come in here for a minute, please?"
When Courtney entered the room, John said, "I need to tell Barry about us. What we are, how we are. Who and what I sometimes am. May I?"
Courtney hugged her husband, "If you think Barry needs to hear it, babe. Then, of course, tell him what he needs to hear."
Courtney turned to Barry, "You heard about our court case, Barry, right? You read all the gossip and scandal? Saw the videos on PornHub? Well, most of what was written and said was true. John did those things. I did those things. We won the court case, but our private lives will never be private again. So don't betray our trust, okay? Never speak of what you hear and see here to anyone."
Barry assured Courtney no one would hear anything from him.
When Courtney left, Barry turned to find John staring intently at him again.
"I like watching Courtney fuck others, Baz," John informed him. "I love her blowing me as someone ploughs one of her two rear fuck holes. Courtney is a true three-hole slut. When she fucks, her lover can use any of her holes. He chooses which one. Then, if he's happy to share, I use another.
If he's not, I watch and masturbate. Sometimes being back a little and seeing how much the two lovers are enjoying fucking each other is better than joining in.
But, do you know what the best part is, Baz?"
Barry shook his head.
"I know, for absolute certain, Courtney will come home to me. She and whoever she's with are merely fucking. It's fun to fuck, but Courtney and I make love. That is so much better."
Bewildered, Barry said, "Does every married couple fuck around on each other? Dad fucked around on mum, but she didn't like it. She left."
"No, Baz. What Courtney and I have is unique. Beverly and Mark have something similar. Gloria grew up with it and probably wants something like what her parents have for herself."
"You're saying the only way I can keep her is to be like you and Mark?" Shaking his head, Barry said, "I don't understand. What's with the crossdressing?"
John smiled, "It's only a short step from wearing knickers to dressing fully, Baz."
Barry blushed bright red, "I don't wear knickers, John. Who told you I did?"
"Before you moved into the granny flat, your dad saw you wearing them numerous times. He thought it was harmless, so he never said anything. He thought, because of those videos, I'd understand and be able to help."
Barry's ears pricked. He hadn't seen any of 'those videos'.
"What videos?" He asked.
John gazed at Barry for a long time before calling out, "Courts. I'm taking Barry upstairs to meet Olivia, okay?"
"Go for it," Courtney yelled back.
Standing, John said, "Come with me, Baz. I'll introduce you to Olivia."
'Shit!' Barry thought. 'What the fuck? Do John and Courtney have a woman they live with and fuck? Do they want me to fuck her or something?'
John escorted Barry upstairs to an obviously female's bedroom. The furnishings were soft pink. Soft toys covered the bed, and frilly curtains framed the windows. The vanity unit was stacked with neatly sorted makeup kits. More types and colours of cosmetics than Barry knew existed.
John pulled one of the chairs out from under the twin unit and encouraged Ben to sit.
"Luckily, Barry, I don't need to shave anymore. Electrolysis took care of that problem for me a couple of years ago. But, mate, if you're going to go down this path, remember that electrolysis costs a fucking mint and hurts like a bitch."
Barry only had glimmerings of what John talked about, so he stayed quiet. But, then, he watched, totally fascinated, as Olivia appeared. Starting with some skin prep, John quickly filled in the many slight nicks and scars his AFL career had given him. Then, using a Dermablend foundation, John smoothed out his features.
Next came the blush and eye shadow. Eyeliner, an eyebrow pencil, and mascara quickly followed. Finally, finishing his look by using bronzer to define his cheekbones and feminise his chin, nose and brow. John then stood, chose a long, red wig from one of the Styrofoam heads lining a shelf beside the mirror and carefully clipped it into place.
Barry sat stunned, 'Fuck me!' He thought. 'If I met him out, looking like that, I'd want to fuck him.'
Seeing Barry's incredulous look, John laughed, then, in a dark, sultry voice, said, "Honey. You ain't seen nothing yet."
'Shit! He even sounds female,' Barry thought.
"Where did you learn to do your makeup and talk like that, John?" Barry asked.
"The advantage of having money is that you can pay for any help you need. Arpi, the famous stage and film makeup artist on The Gold Coast, taught me my makeup skills. Wendy Edmonds, voice coach to film stars the world over, taught me how to speak as a woman does. Then I paid for deportment lessons from a teacher from one of Brisbane's premier finishing schools.
I'm fairly convincing, huh?"
Barry nodded, "From the neck up, at least. Wearing footy shorts and a singlet doesn't scream feminine, though."
John laughed, "As I said, honey. You ain't seen nothing yet!"
John stood and moved to one of the wardrobes crowding the room's walls.
"Samuel likes buying me outfits. I keep telling him to stop, but he loves dressing me in something different every time we go out."
"Courtney doesn't mind a man buying you dresses?"
"Not when he buys her twice as many as he buys me."
"You both fuck Samuel?"
"No. Samuel fucks us."
Barry said, unable to believe his ears, "You let a man fuck you?"
"The only person I fuck now, unless Courtney had expressly given her permission, is my wife. Many, many men have fucked Courtney and me, though."
"You're gay?"
"No. I think Michael Stipe from REM coined the phrase. What I am is an 'equal opportunity letch'. I'll let anyone fuck me that Courtney or Samuel says I can."
"But mostly men?"
"My cheating on Courtney just about destroyed our marriage and led to what happened with Hannah, Baz. I'll never cheat on Courtney again."
"Yet you let many men fuck you, you said? How is that not cheating?"
"Because Courtney chooses them, and fucks them with me, Baz. Or she lets Samuel choose them for her."
Why does Courtney let Samuel choose who fucks you?"
"Because we're his submissives, Baz."
"That's that BDSM thing, isn't it? Slaves, Masters, beatings, torture, pissing on people."
"All of that can be part of BDSM, yes. But it's only part of the story. It'll take months to explain it all to you. It's enough for you to know that Samuel, within our boundaries, can tell and make us do whatever he wants. If you want more information than that, do your research."
As he'd spoken, John had gathered the outfit he wanted to wear for Barry.
Placing the items on the bed, John said, "I'm going to strip and get changed, Barry. If you're bothered by seeing a dick and balls, look away now."
Barry was way too curious to look away. Amazed, he watched John complete his transformation into Olivia.
John began by rolling a pair of fishnet stockings up his lean and toned legs before clipping them onto a suspender he cinched around his narrow waist. Next, John tucked his thick 7-inch cock back between his legs and used gaffa tape to hold it and his balls out of sight.
Then, donning a tiny electric blue G-string, John sat back at the dresser and used blush to paint the illusion of a cleavage shadow between his muscular pecs. A matching, full-cup bra went on next.
"It has to be a full cup, Baz," John explained. I don't have tits, so I need to use breast forms. If I wore a skimpy bra, as Courtney does, the forms would be evident. Besides, it means I get to pretend I have a gigantic set of double-D knockers!"
Taking the forms out of their box, John slid them into the bra cups before leaning forward and shimmying his shoulders. Doing that allowed the forms to settle naturally into place. John pulled the tiny yellow miniskirt over his taut ass. The skirt was so small, just two hand widths wide, it barely covered his knickers. A crossover top with a deep cleavage V completed stage two of John's transformation.
The only thing left was to add shoes.
"For day-to-day wear, I keep with low-heeled sandals," John explained. "At six foot four inches, I'm already taller than most women, so the extra height I get with high heels only makes me stand out more. Usually, the objective is to blend in. With all the scandal already attached to my name, the last thing I need is for the papers to run stories about my crossdressing and sex life.
But, this is for you. So I'm going to wear my favourite item."
John slid his legs into a pair of leather thigh-high fuck-me boots. The boots had seven-inch stiletto heels.
"You wouldn't believe the attention Courtney and I get wearing these boots, Baz. Guys literally follow us around ogling, and trying to pick us up. Then we do the whole 'lesbian kiss' thing, and I'm sure half of them cum in their pants there and then. Sometimes. When we're dancing, Courtney and I will 'grind our pussies' on each other. Fuck, is that fun!"
Barry couldn't hide his erection. His slender five-inch todger strained against his pants' fly.
John boldly trailed his fingers over Barry's cock's head, "I can take care of that for you if you'd like?"
"What would Courtney say?" Barry managed to choke out as he struggled to not cum.
"Courts!" John yelled. "Can I blow Barry?"
"Are you dressed?"
"Yes!"
"Enjoy!"
John dropped to his knees in front of Barry. Not allowing Barry any time to protest, John had Barry's pants and jocks on the floor in no time. Then, cupping Barry's balls, John 'free-handed' his mouth down Barry's shaft until John's lips pressed against Barry's hairy pubic bone.
If John was in any way disappointed with the size of Barry's cock, he gave no sign of it. On the contrary, John almost purred as he gobbled Barry.
Barry's hands found John's head, "Fuck, you're good at that, John," he moaned.
John let Barry out of his mouth long enough to say, "Call me, Olivia, baby, please."
John fingered Barry's perineum as he sucked Barry firmly. Tickling the sensitive skin just behind Barry's balls soon had Barry close to orgasm.
Olivia felt Barry's balls tightening against Barry's shaft. She knew what that meant, so, lifting her head off, Olivia said, "Do you want to cum in my mouth or boy-pussy, honey?"
Earlier that day, Barry couldn't have even contemplated fucking a man. But what was on her knees before him wasn't manly. Instead, it was a stunning vision of sexy womanliness.
"As long as Courtney won't try to stab me, I'd like to fuck your boy-pussy, Olivia, please."
"She won't mind, honey. She knows I will let anyone I want to blow fuck me if they want."
Olivia moved to kneel beside the bed. Then she spread her knees as wide as possible to lower her ass far enough for the much shorter Barry to fuck her. But, with his hands on Olivia's ass for balance, Barry still had to squat to position his strainingly erect cock at Olivia's rosebud.
"Lube's in the top drawer, baby," Olivia reminded Barry.
"Do you want me to wear a condom, Olivia?"
"Yes. Also in the top drawer."
Barry was a little disappointed. He'd have loved to bareback the gorgeous woman in front of him, but he knew that wasn't safe these days. If it ever was.
"If Courtney adds you to her list of allowed sexual partners, honey," Olivia purred. "We'll send you for an STI check. Then, if you get another test no more than forty-eight hours before we fuck, you can bareback the pair of us."
Rolling the condom on, Barry squatted at Olivia's ass again. With a gentle shove, he pierced Olivia's rosebud, broke through her knot and came to rest with his pubis against Olivia's tight ass buns.
Barry had only fucked one ass before. Gloria's at Ben's party, so he hesitated, unsure what to do next. But Olivia's panted demands that he fuck her encouraged Barry to move.
Olivia clenched down tightly on Barry's invading dick as Barry stroked into her. Olivia was much tighter than Gloria, and Barry didn't last long. Groaning loud enough to leave Courtney with no doubts that her husband was being well and truly fucked, Ben came in Olivia's tightly gripping ass.
Barry lay on the bed. Olivia snuggled into his side.
"You did well, baby," Olivia told him. "We'll make an ass hound out of you yet."
Concerned, Barry asked, "But what about you, Olivia? I've cum, but what about your needs?"
"With my cock and balls taped away, Baz. There's no way I can cum unless I'm getting prostate stimulation."
"How would I do that?" Barry innocently asked.
'Grow another three inches of cock,' Olivia thought but didn't say.
Hopefully, Olivia said, "You could use your fingers to find my prostate as you suck me off?"
Barry discovered he did want to suck Olivia off. It was a little weird thinking this beautiful woman had a cock that needed sucking instead of a pussy that needed eating, but it seemed okay just then.
"I've never sucked someone before, Olivia. I don't know how."
"You've received blow jobs, though, right? So do to mine what you like having done to yours."
Olivia rolled onto her back, pulled her knickers off and removed the tape, freeing her thick cock.
With the tape removed, Olivia's dick quickly swelled as blood raced into it.
'Fuck, that must hurt when you're horny and have your cock and balls taped down,' Barry thought.
Confirming his thoughts, Olivia groaned, "Trying to go hard when your balls are in their canals, and your dick is taped back is a terrible idea."
Spreading her legs, Olivia massaged the pain away in her balls. Then she looked at Barry expectantly, "Well, honey? That cock isn't going to suck itself!"
Nervously, Barry knelt beside Olivia's hips and tentatively took Olivia's cock in his hand.
'Bigger than mine,' he thought. 'Much bigger than mine. Wouldn't it be great to fuck Gloria with this?'
Barry had a moment of epiphany, 'As long as I bring the cocks home to fuck Gloria with, what does it matter? If they're men I've chosen, it's like I'm using a proxy. Giving Gloria what she needs so she can enjoy being with me.'
Feeling better, Barry held Olivia's cock in his hand and lowered his mouth onto its head.
Feeling the slimy goo of Olivia's precum running over his tongue, Barry thought, 'This isn't so bad. She tastes quite good, actually. I wonder what her cum tastes like.'
Barry thought about how Gloria serviced his cock. He knew he couldn't hope to emulate Gloria's deep-throating skills. But he figured he could swirl his tongue over Olivia's glans and circle her cock's head easily enough. Then, Barry slid his middle finger into Olivia's oiled ass and searched for her P-Spot.
Olivia jumped and moaned when Barry found her inner pleasure nub.
Barry's clumsy but energetic workings were enough to bring Olivia close to orgasm, "I'm going to cum, honey," Olivia warned him.
Barry thought, 'Fuck it! In for a penny. In for a pound.'
He sucked harder and stroked quicker. He felt Olivia's hands on his head and knew she was about to cum in his mouth.
'Fuck! I hope I don't throw up on the poor girl!'
Groaning, Olivia spat cum into Barry's mouth. Barry held the first two blasts inside his mouth before thinking, 'Fuck it,' and swallowing.
The taste was okay, Barry thought. Neither pleasant nor unpleasant. Almost like swallowing a giant nose bogie, he felt. Barry willingly swallowed the rest of Olivia's cum as she shot her load into his mouth.
"How was it, Barry?" Courtney asked.
Barry looked up to see Courtney leaning against the door jam, "Not great, but not awful, either," Barry honestly answered.
"It's an acquired taste, Baz," Courtney explained. "I love the taste of cum now. But when John first made me swallow him, I almost threw up."
Barry shifted uncomfortably. Now that he wasn't horny, Barry was embarrassed about having sucked a man off.
Courtney was experienced in men reacting this way. So, she walked across to Barry quickly before dropping to her knees and taking Barry's dick in her mouth.
Courtney stroked his cock when Barry was hard and said, "You're not gay, Barry. Sucking cock doesn't make you gay. Being attracted to only men does. John has probably sucked more cocks than I have and makes a gorgeous woman, but he isn't gay. He loves being fucked in his ass, but he still isn't gay. So relax. You're still a man who loves pussy.
I'd take you to bed and show you if I wasn't about to give birth. But I'll blow you, and I bet you cum as hard as you ever have."
Barry couldn't believe his luck. So many of his masturbation fantasies centred around fucking Courtney as she read the weather report on his favourite drive-time program. He looked down disbelievingly as Courtney knelt and took his cock in her mouth.
As fantasy and reality collided, Barry lost control. His cock barely entered Courtney's mouth before he came.
The very pregnant Courtney didn't mind. She had blown up so big during this pregnancy she felt about as sexy as the Michelin man. Having Barry so needfully lusting over her gave Courtney's ego a much-needed fillip.
Courtney and Olivia escorted Barry down to his car. They hadn't answered all his questions, but Barry could see a way forward. He wanted Gloria. Wanted her as his wife. If that meant he had to share her with others, he didn't care. He wanted her heart, though. Wanted her heart as John/Olivia had captured Courtney's.
Courtney fucked many men and women outside her marriage. Plus, whenever she felt like it, she virtually pimped out her husband's ass. But she loved her man. Loved him strongly and deeply. Barry thought he could have that with Gloria.
Using the hands-free feature on his car's phone app, Barry called Gloria. Gloria answered immediately, "Hello, lover," she moaned breathily. "I've been thinking about you."
Gloria didn't mention that her breathy response was because the UPS man had his mouth on her pussy.
"I need to see you, Gloria. Be at my place by 7.00 pm, please."
"Okay, honey," Gloria responded, biting her bottom lip as the UPS guy tongued an orgasm from her.
Barry then phoned his best mate Neil, "I've got a slut desperate for double penetration, buddy." Ben told him. "Want to come over to my flat tonight and help me satisfy this bitch?"
"Fuck, yes, Baz," Neil avowed. "What time?"
"Gloria's due here around seven. Get here before then, and we'll fuck the slut out of this bint."
"I'd rather fuck the slut into her," Neil facetiously replied. "But, I know what you mean. I'll bring pizza. See you around 6.30."
At precisely 6.30 pm, holding a couple of pizza boxes, Neil banged Barry's door open, "Who's this gagging to be double-penetrated slut you were waffling about, Gaz?"
"My new girlfriend, Gloria Swanson."
"Never heard of her."
"Ben introduced me to her."
"Ben Stokes?"
"Yeah."
"Fuck! She must be a good-looking goer if Ben's been with her."
"Yeah, she's alright," Barry said modestly. "Bit plump, but not gross, you know?"
"I love a tubby chick, Baz. You know that. They go off in the sack."
"Gloria goes off alright," Barry confirmed.
"If you're that into her, why are you asking me to help you fuck her?"
"You'll see. I doubt any one man will be enough for her. She's got plenty enough slut in her for both of us."
The boys put the pizza on low heat in the oven and waited for Gloria.
Barry's hands trembled with fear and anticipation, 'Can I do this,' he wondered. 'Let Neil fuck Gloria as I watch and join in as needed? Fuck! What if Gloria wants me to eat his cum out of her twat?'
Gloria arrived a little later than the 7.00 pm she'd promised. She had to stop by her house and wash the UPS guy's cum out of her pussy before heading to Barry's. She wasn't expecting anyone else to be there, so she had dressed provocatively for Barry. Underneath a filmy house coat, she wore a cupless bra, crotchless undies, suspenders and stockings. In addition, 7-inch stiletto pumps were on her feet.
Gloria dropped the housecoat as soon as she closed the door behind her. Only then did she notice Barry had a guest. Gloria didn't care. She strutted over and kissed Barry passionately before turning to Neil.
"Gloria, baby. What's your name?"
"Neil," Neil replied, openly ogling Gloria's generous assets.
"Like what you see, Neil?" Gloria crooned as she did a slow pirouette. Then, she decided to see if Barry would react jealously.
"Fuck, yes," Neil averred. "A tasty, delectable morsel like I've never seen."
"I'm way more than a morsel, honey," Gloria sultrily answered. "I'm more like a full banquet."
"May I begin with a starter, then, please?" Neil cheekily asked.
Gloria placed her hand behind Neil's head and guided his lips onto her luscious breasts, "Sure, baby. Try these delicious treats first."
Gloria's eyes searched for Barry. To her delight, Barry stood watching, already rubbing his tented trouser front.
"I spoke with John Murray today, Gloria," Barry told her. "He explained some things and showed me some others. I want to fuck you with Neil tonight. What do you say?"
"How are Courtney and John, Barry? Did you meet Olivia?" Gloria asked.
"They're fine. Courtney's about to have their third kid. Yes, I did meet Olivia. She blew me and let me fuck her. After that, Courtney blew me as well."
Gloria, to her surprise, was the one that felt the sting of jealousy's bite. Gloria knew she couldn't stand against either of the Murrays in a beauty contest. They both had her whipped, hands down.
'Damn!' She thought. 'Barry's alright, but I wouldn't have thought he was John and Courtney's league. Maybe there's more to him than I thought.'
Neil was doing a fine job on her breasts. Gloria was already wet and anticipating more. Deciding to punish Barry for fooling around on her, Gloria said, "Get on your knees behind me, Baz. Get that long tongue of yours in my ass. Plus, you boys are wearing way too many clothes. Time for you both to get naked."
Neil and Barry quickly stripped. Neil quickly returned his mouth and hands to Gloria's breasts. Barry knelt behind Gloria, spread her wobbly ass cheeks and ran his tongue down her cleft and onto her rosebud.
"Oh, Gawd, Barry. You have the best tongue!" Gloria moaned.
Not to be outdone, Neil said, "Time for an entrée, me thinks!"
He knelt and forced his head between Gloria's thighs. Then, reaching up to part Gloria's pussy hairs, Neil found Gloria's clitoris with his thumb as he tilted his head back and tongued her labia. Next, he slid the middle finger on his left hand inside Gloria and bent it back and up onto her G-spot.
Then he placed the thumb of his right hand on Gloria's clitoris hood and pulled it back to fully expose Gloria's clit. Swirling his tongue up and over this delicious treat, Neil twirled his finger across Gloria's inner pleasure zone.
Barry had at least an inch of his probingly long tongue forced into Gloria's rectum as he held her jelly butt apart and vigorously tongue fucked her rear love passage.
It was too much for Gloria, who launched into her first pussy-spasming orgasm that night. Her fluids gushed over Neil's mouth, tongue and chin. There was so much that Neil was able to pool some in his mouth. Standing, he kissed Gloria and fed her juices into her mouth.
Excited beyond words by this reversal of the normal scheme of things. I.e., her feeding a guy's semen back to him. Gloria's pussy exploded again.
"Someone has to stick a cock in me right now!" Gloria demanded.
Neil waited for Barry to decide which of them would have her first.
"We'll spit-roast her first, mate," Barry said. "Gloria gives the best head. Why don't you try her mouth first?"
Not bothering to move from where she was, Gloria immediately bent over and took Neil's cock in her mouth. Unfortunately, this meant her ass was too high for the shorter Barry to enter. Looking around, Barry spied a stack of four telephone books left under the house phone from back when they still made them.
'They'll work perfectly,' Barry thought. So he quickly moved them behind Gloria.
To help him, Gloria kicked off her heels. Then, with the added height from the phonebooks, Barry easily slid into Gloria's soppingly wet cunt. But, because Barry was still a little low, he had to stand on tip-toes and fuck upward. This angle rubbed the underside of his screamingly erect cock across Gloria's G-spot. And caused Barry's cock's head to run along the top of the inside of Gloria's vulva.
It meant Barry's cock pressed firmly against all sides of Gloria's vulva simultaneously for the first time.
With a surprised grunt, Gloria came again. Her juices flowed down across Barry's balls and dripped onto the floor.
Barry, surprised by Gloria cumming so quickly, had to stop thrusting or lose his load into Gloria's cunt. Barry wasn't wearing protection and wasn't sure if his buddy Neil would want to go 'sloppy seconds'. Holding his hips still, Barry reached around and found Gloria's overripe melons with his hands.
Then, taking her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers, Barry forcefully twisted and tweaked those plump nubs, adding bites to Gloria's mid-back as he did. He was rewarded with a low groan from Gloria.
Neil wasn't overly well endowed, having only a standard, slightly less than 6-inch dick. So, Gloria could swallow him all readily. Cupping his balls with one hand and milking his shaft with her other, Gloria worked on bringing Neil swiftly to orgasm. She wanted Neil to cum in her mouth quickly because she wanted to see if Barry would accept Neil's seed from her mouth.
'If he does,' Gloria thought. 'Maybe I can convince Neil and Barry to get it on together so I can watch and masturbate. Gawd, I love watching two guys going at it.'
Neil's eyes rolled back, and his hands flew to Gloria's head. Then, trying to pump into Gloria's willing mouth harder, he groaned, "Fuck, Gloria. You're one talented cock-sucking whore. I'm going to cum in your mouth, okay?"
Gloria showed her willingness to accept Neil's seed by sucking voraciously and pumping his cock harder. With a loud moan, Neil dumped his nut sack into Gloria's slurping, gulping mouth.
Standing and turning, making Barry's hands leave her tits and dick to exit her pussy, Gloria held Barry's head. Then she kissed him and pushed Neil's semen into Barry's mouth with her tongue.
Barry's head rocked back as he felt Neil's cum entering through his lips, but Gloria held his head tight and pushed her tongue forward more firmly.
'This is what you signed up for, Baz,' Barry told himself. 'Letting Gloria take you on a sexual journey. Take her offering. Learn to enjoy it.'
Barry closed his eyes and let his friend's jism slide across his tongue and down his throat. He didn't think it tasted better than Olivia's, but he thought he was getting used to the taste.
Turning back to Neil, Gloria commanded, "You. Up on the bed, on your back. You'd better not have gone soft on me because I want you in my ass, like, right now!"
Neil hadn't softened at all. On the contrary, watching Barry accept his seed from Gloria's mouth had him hotter than Hades just after The Devil had stoked the furnaces. He was on the bed in a flash, holding his cock upright, ready for Gloria's ass.
Gloria climbed onto the bed and stood with her feet on either side of Neil's knees. Then lowering herself, Gloria first sat on Neil's upper thighs before moving her hand beside Neil's upper body to rest on. Next, she pulled her feet out from under her ass, leant back to take her weight on her hand and raised her ass above Neil's rigidly erect cock.
Reaching behind her hips and grunting a little from the effort, Gloria took Neil's dick in her hand and guided it onto her rosebud. Then, with a relieved sigh, Gloria let her hips sink and felt Neil's cock pop through her ass' sphincter and into her bowel.
Placing her other hand beside Neil's body opposite the one already in place allowed Gloria to balance on her hands, push down with her heels and lift and lower her ass along Neil's wang.
Barry stood beside the bed, masturbating as he watched Gloria position herself on Neil. He wanted to move to the end of the bed and watch as Gloria accepted his friend's cock into her ass, but he wasn't sure he was ready to see that yet.
Gloria patted her pussy, "Get that magnificent tongue of yours onto my cunt, Baz. Hurry now."
Hearing Gloria use such a rude epithet made Barry's todger jump. He swiftly knelt on the bed but quickly realised the only way he could comply was to either spread Neil's legs so he could kneel between them or spread his thighs around Neil's shins.
In a moment of daring, Barry decided to split his thighs and kneel around Neil. Barry knew his stiff cock would inevitably rub against his friend's shins and feet. But fucking Olivia had Barry curious to explore man-on-man sex more.
Spreading Gloria's labia, Barry circled her pleasure nub with his tongue before licking down to Gloria's pussy lips and onto the entrance to her vulva. With Gloria raising and lowering her hips, Barry needed to move his head up and down with her. His tongue either ran along his friend's shaft or across Neil's balls as it followed Gloria's pussy.
It took Barry a few minutes to realise that Neil had moved his foot and was tickling Barry's balls with his toes. 'Fuck.' Barry thought. 'That actually feels quite good.'
Gloria suspected something was happening between Neil and Barry because Barry began moaning and thrusting his hips as he tongued her. Barry's hands were both on her pussy, so he wasn't playing with himself. Therefore Neil had to be doing something.
Taking the bull by the horns, Gloria lifted her ass off Neil's cock, grabbed a wet wipe from the package beside the bed and swiftly cleaned Neil's cock. Then taking Barry's head in her right hand, she pulled him down beside her as she took Neil's dick in her other hand and mouth.
Letting Neil's cock out of her mouth, Gloria offered it to Barry.
'This wasn't the plan,' Barry thought. 'Neil and I were supposed to fuck Gloria. It wasn't me and Gloria fucking Neil.'
But he couldn't resist Gloria's gentle insistence. Slowly, timidly, he took Neil's cock into his mouth. Barry had willingly sucked John/Olivia, but Olivia was so gorgeous it was easy to forget she was a man. However, there was no denying that his friend was a man, and Barry was sucking him off.
Neil couldn't believe his eyes. He knew he should stand and punch his friend in the face for daring to try to blow him. But Gloria had his mind in a spin. Her blatant, aggressive sexuality had him willing to allow just about anything to keep sampling her charms.
Neil's cock, initially deflated as Barry took it into his mouth. But when Barry's lips sealed around Neil's shaft, and Barry's tongue swirled over his cock's head and around his glans, Neil's dick burst back into life.
Neil found Barry's head with his hands and guided his friend up and down his shaft. Neil tried to encourage Barry to take more, but Barry's gag reflex wouldn't allow it. But when Gloria swung a leg over Neil's head and sat on his face, Neil lost it.
"Fuck!" Neil groaned as Gloria's hot, wet snatch settled onto his tongue.
Licking Gloria's juices, Neil blew his first-ever load into a man's mouth.
Barry figured his friend's cock was probably too sensitive to touch after orgasming. So he left it alone and moved up Neil's chest to enter Gloria. Barry's balls came to rest on his friend's chin. Then, to Barry's surprise, Neil shifted his mouth so he could tongue Barry's balls and lap Gloria's juice-leaking pussy entrance.
Unfortunately, this moved Neil's tongue off Gloria's clitoris. Barry's cock wasn't big enough to rub the pleasure zones inside Gloria's pussy hard enough for her to cum. She needed the extra sensation of a tongue on her clitoris to orgasm. Gloria grabbed a handful of Neil's hair and forced his mouth back onto her clit.
With the stimulation now perfect, Gloria relaxed and came. Visions of watching Neil fuck Barry burst through her imagination, and she exploded through numerous back-to-back orgasms.
Satiated for now, Gloria rolled off Neil and sat with her back leant against the wall. Lifting and spreading her knees, exposing her juicy slit to the boys, Gloria asked, "So, which of you is going to ass fuck the other as I watch?"
Neil and Barry stared at each other, 'This is not what I signed up for,' Neil thought.
But his friend was looking at him strangely. Then, suddenly looking down, embarrassed, Barry muttered, "Ever since I fucked Olivia, I've wondered what it would be like to take a cock in my ass. I'm game, Neil. If you are?"
'Who the fuck is Olivia?' Neil wondered.
He was about to refuse and leave when Gloria said, "You can dump a load each into all three of my holes after you've fucked Barry, Neil. How does that sound?"
Suddenly eager, Neil asked, "Will you suck me hard between holes?"
"I'll even rim your ass to get you hard if you want," Gloria confirmed.
Deciding that fucking his mate was a small price to pay to cum in Gloria three times, Neil asked, "How do you want me to do him?"
"Doggie, baby," Gloria replied. "That way, you can concentrate on how good it feels being in an ass and not look at your friend's face."
"Okay," Neil responded.
"I'll get him ready for you, honey," Gloria told Neil. "Barry, on your knees on the floor. Put your chest on the bed."
Once Barry was in position, Gloria knelt and tongued his ass. Slipping a finger into Barry's ass, she slowly stretched him until Barry could accept a second and then a third finger. To Barry's delighted surprise, having Gloria's fingers in his ass felt awesome. But, when Gloria's fingers found his prostate, Barry almost begged Neil to fuck him.
Moaning, Barry unwittingly thrust his hips back at Gloria's invading fingers.
He's ready for you, baby," Gloria intoned. "Be gentle until you feel Barry pushing back at you. Then fuck him like you mean to."
Neil squatted and introduced the rampantly erect head of his cock to Barry's asshole. Then, placing his hand on Barry's shoulder, Neil slowly drove his almost 6-inch dick into Barry's ass. Barry jumped as Neil broke through his knot but soon felt a divine feeling of completion as Neil completely filled his ass.
Barry moaned, "Oh, my goodness! Who would have thought having a cock in your ass could feel so good?"
"Me, for one," Gloria muttered as she took her vibrator out of her handbag.
Then, leaning back against the wall, she thrust the buzzing vibrator into her cunt and tweaked her nipples, watching Neil fuck her man.
'If Barry hasn't asked me to marry him by the end of the week, I'm going to ask him,' Gloria decided. With some more encouragement, he'll be just like daddy, except liking cock.'
Gloria had no idea her dad was a cock sucking crossdresser.

Wrapping this chapter up.

Neil came in Barry's ass. Unfortunately, this freaked him out, and he bolted for home. Gloria caught up with him the next day and convinced him he wasn't gay. As promised, Neil got to cum in all three of Gloria's holes.
Barry asked Gloria to marry him the next morning. The events leading up to their marriage will be explored in chapter three. Assuming there's enough interest for me to continue.