The time had finally come! My wife, Jessica, and I along with two other couples were taking a weekend vacation to Ginnie Springs in sunny Florida.
Shortly after we arrived and had the RV and tents set up the alcohol started to flow and we made our way to the chilly water for some snorkeling and floating.
Around midday we all decided to tie our floats together and paddled out into the Santa Fe river to drift down stream while we enjoyed the sun and a few more ice cold libations. The river was packed with tons of like minded river rats, ranging from boisterous college kids to older groups of couples just wanting to enjoy the cool water.
Our friends, Sara and Josh, had never been to the Springs before and we're taking in all of the sites. From the adventurous frat boys swinging into the river from 20 foot high tree ropes, to the hippies floating by on air mattresses offering a toke from their joints. It was chaos and peace intertwined.
Jessica and I were in a two seater inflatable float with a cooler built into the middle, while Sara and Josh were on a sort of floating foam mattress. Derek and Crystal were in a float just like ours and we were all tied together with a length of rope, slowly drifting as we enjoyed each others company, the sun and the beer.
About half way through the float Jessica lazily reached over and began stroking the bulge in my swim trunks prompting me to raise my head and see what was going on. I looked around at everyone else and they were all oblivious to us. Derek and Crystal's float had turned so their backs were to us and Sara and Josh both appeared to be sleeping on there floating mat. I turned my head to Jessica who had a sly grin on her face as she more vigorously began rubbing what was now turning into a full on erection.
She had never really been one for any public displays of affection, other than a quick kiss, but I guess the alcohol was lowering her inhibitions and I wasn't about to question that!
As we continued to float she reached her hand into my trunks and began giving me a covert hand job. The cold water coming through the bottom of the float splashing onto my ass and her cool hand wrapped around hard cock felt amazing. I laid my head back and let her hand continue to pump and stroke me.
Jess and I have been to the Springs several times before and knew there were plenty of alcoves tucked into the trees just off of the river, and that most were on private property where no one would be. I raised my head and looked at her, almost ready to blow my load from her jerking me under my shorts. I nodded to the other side of the river, motioning towards an empty alcove. "Let's go" she replied.
"Hey guys, I wanna go check this place out real quick." I said to the group as I untied our float from the others. "We'll meet y'all back at the camper in a bit." Everyone agreed as I got off of the float and into the river to kick us across to the hidden alcove.
As we passed through the low hanging branches of the trees surrounding the entrance we saw that it was much more open than originally anticipated. It was also fed by a small spring making the waters clear compared to the darker waters in the river. I kicked us into the middle of the alcove and found a shallow spot along the bank that I pushed us over to. Once I could touch the smooth rocky bottom I pulled the float halfway onto the bank at the back side of the inlet. There was plenty of shade and we couldn't hear anyone from the river.
"Think we're alone?" Jessica asked looking around apprehensively.
I scanned the trees and the other banks without seeing anyone. "Yeah, I'm pretty sure." I replied.
"Good! Give me that dick of yours, now!" she demanded. Who was I to argue I wondered as I walked over to her while she sat in the float. I stood beside her as she pulled my trunks down, allowing my semi hard cock to fall out of its confines. "What happened?! He was so hard and happy a few minutes ago." she said with a half sad frown.
"That water is fucking cold, babe! You've got to expect a little shrinkage." I said laughing.
"Well, let's see if we can warm him back up" she said as she leaned forward and stuck her tongue out to the slit of my cock head. She swirled her tongue around the head, paying special attention to the sensitive area underneath before finally pushing her lips over the ring and sliding down my shaft. She held me there for a moment rubbing her tongue along the underside of my shaft, getting me back rock hard in a second. Once she felt me at full stiffness she began moving her head back and forth, bobbing on my hard cock, taking me all the way to the back of her throat.
She pulled off once after deep throating me leaving my throbbing dick covered in a coat of her saliva. She reached up and began pumping me with her hand while she used the other one to grab and massage my balls. She did this as she leaned back in and took my head between her lips, again circling my cock ring with her tongue.
"Oh fuck baby that feels so good" I moaned through gritted teeth as I grabbed the back of her head, urging her to take my entire length. I could feel her struggle a bit when I hit the back of her throat but she was a trooper and pushed herself until her nose was touching my pubic bone and I could feel her bottom lip pressing against my sack.
I slowly pulled her head away and just as quickly pushed back into her, filling her throat again as she reached up to caress and squeeze my balls. Knowing I wasn't going to last much longer I grabbed her head between my hands and began fucking her face for all she could stand. Ropes of saliva began to connect her chin to my balls as the pace quickened. I knew she was getting turned on when I saw her reach down and pull her bikini bottoms to the side exposing her shaved pussy to the cold water.
She continued to vigorously suck me while she parted her pussy lips with her fingers and began rubbing her clit. Soon she was working her hand side to side in a frenzy, splashing water about as she built herself up towards an orgasm.
I continued to hold her head, fucking her face as I watched her play with herself. "I'm not going to last too much longer baby. Are you close?" I asked breathlessly. "Mm hmm" she moaned through a mouth full of cock. "Mmm mm" was all I heard as her body started to convulse, signaling her climax. As she came she dove her fingers inside her quivering hole riding them to its conclusion. When she pulled them back out she lazily continued to rub her clit as her body began to relax.
Knowing she got off was all I needed. With a few more thrust into her warm wet mouth my balls began to unload. I pulled back, keeping just my cock head between her sucking lips and unleashed rope after rope of hot cum into her eager mouth. I could feel her swallow the majority of it but saw some glints of the cloudy white liquid run down her chin and escape the corners of her mouth. She held me there, in her mouth until I began to go limp, my legs shaking, savoring the feelings of the cold water up to my shins, the sun on my back and my dick in the mouth of my beautiful wife.
She let me fall out of her mouth as she used a finger to wipe the remnants of semen off of her face, and scooped it into her mouth. "Come her" she said looking up towards me, extending her cum coated tongue. I pulled my trunks up and stuffed my package back into them before I leaned down, sucking her exposed tongue into my mouth. We made out for a few seconds, exchanging the salty fluid between us before she pushed it into my mouth as she pulled away. "I've swallowed enough of your jiz today. You get some too." Without debate or hesitation I swallowed. She knew sharing my cum with her was always something I'd fantasized about. I could never go for the full load, but after a few drinks and her taking most of the load I was glad to get a little taste.
We straightened ourselves up and I pulled the float back into the water. As we made our way to the opening in the trees we heard several people cheering and saw a group of heads poking through the low branches.
"That was fucking awesome!! She sucks dick like a champ!!" some frat boy shouted as we passed by. Jessica blushed and hung her head but I could do nothing but smile with pride when we went by him.
"That kiss at the end was so damn sexy" I heard a lady's voice say as we got back into the river. I looked back to see a red head with a huge rack wave at me as she gave me a devilish grin. She was probably in her late 40s but her body looked amazing.
"Well, I guess we weren't alone" I stated trying to think of something better to help console Jess as she looked completely mortified. "It's fine baby! We don't know any of these people and we live in a completely different state. Fuck it, it was fun and down right amazing!"
She lifted her head, smiling "I can't believe we did that in the first place. Now, knowing people saw us...my pussy is on fire again. That makes it so fucking hot!"
"Hell yeah it was!" I quickly agreed as I reached into the cooler and grabbed us each a beer. "We've got another day and a half here. Let's enjoy it! If we get caught, we get caught. At least now it won't be the first time!" We both laughed at that as we popped the tops of our drinks and took a swig, laying back to enjoy the sunshine and the rest of our float.