This is the second installment of the three-part fictional story 'Serving Suki.' This is purely fiction any correlation to real people is happenstance. It would probably be more enjoyable to read part one first.
A little about how I write. I write by seeing where the story takes itself. I do not plot, I pants. It goes where it goes and if it is good enough to not delete, I go back to try to increase the details and fix what has changed to make it somewhat make sense. I am still relatively green as a writer so this is not always successful, but I hope the stories are fun to read. Enjoy the wild ride.
*
On the Saturday of the Labor Day weekend, Suki was due to arrive at Randal's house to pick him up at ten o'clock am. He was waiting for her. Suki had promised Randal a reward this weekend. His curiosity peaked; he had anxiously paced. He waited for Suki on the porch for over twenty minutes. She was driving her deceased husband's, black Convertible Porsche 911. When she pulled up, he left the house carrying his suitcase. He was wearing khaki shorts and a button-up Hawaiian flowered shirt. He looked as if headed for a holiday. Suki thought he looked ridiculous. Suki opened the trunk. He placed his bag inside. His mother Maryellen waived from the porch. He was happy she had agreed to watch the boys. This was the first time he had been away from the boys for three years.
"Have fun you two," Mary Ellen yelled.
Randal waved goodbye to his mother. He got in and Suki sped off.
"Where are we going?" he asked.
"It is a Surprise, you will have to wait," she said.
He looked like a little boy waiting for ice cream. She enjoyed the pent up suspense she inflicted on him.
"I took care of everything, you will love it trust me," Suki said.
She traveled down Sir Frances Drake Boulevard to get to the highway. She entered onto highway 101 North. As they were leaving Petaluma, she demanded Randal do something wicked. She reached into the back seat and handed him a canvas gym bag.
"Take off all your clothes and put them in the bag," she ordered.
He hesitantly took off his shirt and put it in the bag. Then his shoes and sock went into the bag. His shorts went into the bag next. Finally, his boxer-brief underwear, and he was excited yet scared to be nude in such a low-slung car.
"I love you naked," Suki said.
She pulled over on the side of the highway. The Porsche stopped the paved shoulder on a hill incline designed for trucks to adjust their brakes. She took the gym bag, got out, and locked it in the trunk at the front of the car. She returned to the driver seat and began driving again. He was now helplessly naked. His penis was now erect.He was very excited by the forced exposure.
"You like being naked with no chance of covering yourself?" she asked.
"Yes, but do not get me arrested," he pleaded.Randal could not believe how excited this made him.
A few miles later, a female trucker pulled up next to the Porsche's passenger window. She was pulling double trailers of gravel for local road construction. California roads despite incredibly high taxes are never finished. She looked about 55 years old and was rotund and blonde. She looked with her slightly crow's feet cornered eyes and smiled. She could see Randal's naked erection as she looked down from her cab. She made a motion for Randal to play with himself with her hand.
"Speed up. The female truck driver can see me and she wants me to stroke myself," Randal said embarrassed. There was no way Suki could see the driver form her seat.
"No I want you to give her a show Randal," Suki suggested excitedly.
"I could get arrested," Randal said with slight panic in his voice.
"Do it or I am opening the convertible top," Suki said giggling.
"You are bailing me out if I get caught," Randal said.
"I am hitting the button," Suki said as she put her finger towards the dashboard.
Randal began stroking himself reluctantly at first. The unknown truck driver smiled leeringly. The act quickly turned him on though; He became extremely excited to perform for his anonymous audience. His cock throbbed inside his strong grip. Suki was awaking a side of him that had previously never indulged in. Yui and he had never gone this far in experiments into this kind of exhibition kink. The traffic was getting more crowded as they reached the turn to Sebastopol. He stroked his cock wantonly for the strangers viewing pleasure. The truck driver pulled the cord and her air horn sounded. Randal was about to make a mess in the car. The truck driver took a quick picture of him with her cell phone. She laughed as she pulled the truck off with her load of gravel staying on highway 12 west.
"Do not make a mess Randal. Stop playing with your cock," Suki ordered.
The Black Porsche was almost to Rohnert Park. Randal moaned; he was close and ached to finish. Randal compliantly stopped stroking himself as Suki demanded.
"You are a good slave boy Randal," Suki said. Randal was so willing to do what Suki wants. Suki loved it.
"We will be turning off on to a rural road soon," she said.
She turned off on to a road headed west. She slowed the car to lower the convertible top. Now, anyone, even pedestrians could see that he was naked. He tried to scrunch down in his seat. She stopped the car at a signal but no one was close enough to see into the car.
"Sit up straight or the first thing you are getting when we get there is spanking," Suki said.
Suki was disappointed he was not exposed to any other women. They left the business area next to the highway and followed a winding road. Twenty minutes passed without an incident. They travel into the farming part of the county. It was a warm day. A red-haired woman farmer about forty years old stood by the fence of a dairy farm. She was watering her cows, filling a big oval galvanized trough from the roadside of the fence with a sun-faded hose. Randal could smell the cow manure. Cows were moseying to the fence for water. Suki pulled over the farmer trapped the hose through the wire fence and walked over to the car.
"Is this the road to the Big Blossoms Winery," Suki asked.
The farmer looked down at naked Randal and his hard cock. She was a very attractive 50 something, aged woman. She was wearing blue bib-overalls without a shirt. The overalls did not conceal the nude sides of her breasts.
"Now that is a healthy bull," the farmer said smiling. Her good looks made Randal more embarrassed to be nude in front of the stranger.
"Is the winery that way?" Suki asked pointing.
"Girl you know where it is. Carl is your brother in law. Thanks for the show though honey," the farmer said.
"You're welcome, Lidia. I figured you would enjoy it," Suki said laughing.
Randal blushed as Suki sped off still laughing. Further, down the road, several Hispanic workers were dressing the grapevines. Randal soon realized they were virtually at the property when Suki stopped to embarrass him. She turned up an even smaller road. He saw two rows moss-covered oak trees lining this road and rows of grapevines for miles beyond that. They turned into the Winery entrance. A mile later Suki pulled up into a stately country home with a circular driveway. She pulled up to a white Spanish style stucco house. The hacienda sized house nestled into manicured gardens loomed deep within the winery.
A woman came out to greet them. As the car came to a stop, he saw she was the spitting image of Suki. Yuki's hair was a few inches shorter than Suki has otherwise dressed the same you would never tell them apart.
Suki got out of the car. Randal waited in the car not knowing what to do.
"Get out Randal and meet my identical big sister," Suki said.
Randal got out of the car still a little embarrassed by his large erection.
"Yuki this is Randal," Suki said, "Randal this is Yuki."
"Nice to meet you," Randal said his face red.
Yuki grasped his hard cock. Her hand was soft. Yuki used her other hand to squeeze his balls softly. Randal moaned. Yuki being her twin was as sexy as Suki.
"I told you drinking your cum would be worth it. Your reward is to be our sex slave all weekend," Suki said.
"Good thing Carl is not coming back until Tuesday. I am going to wear this big cock out," Yuki claimed her hand not ready to release his big cock.
"First let him carry my suitcase in. Randal, you need not bother with yours you won't be allowed any clothes this weekend," Suki said. Yuki felt Randal's cock twitch in her hand when he heard the announcement.
Yuki reluctantly released his member. Randal took Suki's suitcase and followed them into the house. The house was big inside. Randal looked out a large back window into the yard and the pool glistened in the sun. It was hot that day up in Sonoma County.
"You are my birthday present for my sister and me. So be a good slave and do not disappoint." Suki said.
"How old are you turning," Randal asked.
"We will be thirty-five tomorrow," Yuki said.
He looked on the wall at a picture of Carl and Yuki in wedding clothes. Yuki looked lovely in the picture in a flowing white wedding dress. Carl looked very similar to Randal's brother.
"Carl looks a lot like my brother Reggie," Randal said.
"You resemble Carl also," Suki said.
"We are going to put our swimsuits on. Pour the three of us some ice tea and meet us at the pool," Yuki said.
The kitchen was right off the room he was standing in. He went and saw three glasses and filled them with ice out of the freezer. He poured tea from the pitcher he found in the refrigerator. He sliced lemon and hung a slice on the edge of each glass Yuki had left on the counter. He put the glasses on the tray. He walked out to the pool through the sliding glass door. The back yard was secluded. Rows of poplar trees bordered the pool area for a windbreak. The nearest neighbor was thousands of yards away.This had the makings of the best weekend of his life.
The two twins came out of the sliding door from the bedroom onto the stamped concrete pool deck. They were wearing matching blue floral cover-ups. The cover-ups came to about mid-thigh. Their sexy legs were bare.
"I want to take a dip," Suki said.
She removed the cover-up to reveal she had forgone the bathing suit. She jumped nude into the water. Yuki removed her cover-up and naked jumped in to join her sister. They splashed Randal playfully.
"Get in stud," Yuki said.
Randal joined them in the pool. They swam around for a bit. Suki and Yuki both were taking every opportunity to grab his stiff shaft. He playfully grabbed their boobs as they fondled him.
"We don't want your swelling to go down," Suki said laughing.
"You know how I like games right sis?" Yuki said.
"Yes I know how you like games," Suki said.
"How about we play a game I will call oral exam," Yuki said smiling deviously.
"What are the rules?" Suki asked smiling wryly.
"Randal has fifteen minutes to lick us both to a climax." Yuki continued.
"Fifteen minutes each or fifteen minutes total?" Suki asked.
"Fifteen minutes as the total. If he wins, I will fuck him. If he loses, you will spank him and he must try again," Yuki said.
"Well he must pass his oral exams," Suki said. The two twins giggled.
"Your strategy Randal as to who you want to try to lick first," Yuki said.
Randal thought I should lick Yuki first, she probably will climax more readily.I have already tasted Suki before anyway.
"I will lick Yuki first then," Randal said.
The two twins laid on chaise lounges and drank their tea. Yuki spread her legs Randal began licking Yuki's hairless slit. The two twins were not identical. Their pussies were slightly different. Yuki had a slight patch of hair trimmed into the shape of a heart. Yuki had slightly fuller intimate lips. Randal licked her luscious lips slowly savoring the silky sensation his tongue felt on her dark pink folds. He moved up towards her clit slowly. He used his fingers to pull away the hood protecting it. He licked her clitoris and she began to buck and squirm. He licked harder and after only 7 minutes, she climaxed.
He still had eight minutes to devote to Suki. He licked her and she pulled his hair. She steered his head where she wanted him to lick.Is she cheating?Three minutes had elapsed when she pulled his head to put his lips on her clitoris. He fingered her hole while he licked. He licked he clitoris heatedly and still, she did not climax.
"It has been fourteen minutes," Yuki said looking at the timer on her phone.
He pulled her clitoris hood away, licked harder, and just before the clock ran out, Suki screamed and her body shook as her legs squeezed his head. Suki caught her breath.Randal's tongue was tired of the twin oral exam workout.
"You win," Yuki said.
"Get one of the outdoor pillows and bring it here Randal," Yuki said.
Randal retrieved one from the outdoor couch. He handed it to Yuki. She placed it under her bottom on the edge of the lounge. Her pussy was now up off the lounge and her torso was lower flat on the chaise. Her sex set at the perfect angle for his phallic attack.
"You can fuck me, Randal," she said.
Randal entered Yuki's wet velvety hole slowly. He eased his long hard cock in slowly, her full pussy lips grasping his shaft.
"God, he is big," Yuki said.
He was not in yet. He pushed it in.
"I told you he was big. Fuck her hard slave boy," Suki said.
Randal started to pile drive his cock into her. Yuki squealed in delight. He rammed her relentlessly four several cycles. Yuki wrapped her legs around him. Suki used her hand to spank his exposed ass to encourage him, as he fucked her sister. Several thrusts later Yuki climaxed and so did Randal.
"I have never been fucked this deep before," Yuki said.
Randal pulled out of her.
"You are a good fuck, slave boy," Yuki said.
"Just stay like that a minute Yuki. We want his little fishes to swim all the way home," Suki said.
"What are you doing?" Randal asked.
"We are trying to get Yuki pregnant," Suki said.
"I don't have any kids and I want one," Yuki said.
"What about Carl?" Randal said.
"He had his chance. He was not up to it," Suki said giggling.
"Well, let us just say he comes up quite a bit short on fish production," Yuki giggled.
"Have some tea, Randal. Round two of your oral exam starts soon," Yuki said.
"Are we going to swim first?" Randal asked, not wanting to lick his semen again.
"No, It might wash your daddy cum out of Yuki," Suki said.
Randal drank some of his ice tea the ice was mostly gone.
"What happens if you have my kid and Carl finds out it is not his?" Randal asked.
"Then Sis and I are moving in with you," Yuki said laughing.
"We do share everything," Suki said.
"Remember when we switched husbands without them knowing?" Yuki asked smirking.
"Yes, Carl was a lousy lay," Suki said giggling.
"Yes, he was. So was Mark," Yuki said laughing as well.
"At least Carl owns a lucrative Winery, Mark was useless," Yuki said.
"Don't remind me," Suki said.
"I know, but we have slave boy Randal now," Yuki said.
"We are out of tea, slave boy," Suki said.
Randal went to pour three more glasses of tea. When he came back with the tray, the two had mischievous looks on their face.
"New rules for your exams slave boy," Yuki said.
"Can I hear them?" Randal asked, as his cock was rock hard again.
"You have longer to make me cum because you must lick me clean first. But if you succeed you must fuck each of us but you cannot cum without permission from Suki," Yuki said.
"Eighteen minutes Randal get started," Suki said.
Suki was bored with the timer so she did not set it on her phone. Yuki would not know. Randal licked his seed out of Yuki. Suki played with his cock while he licked. He soon cleaned her pussy completely out with his tongue. Suki was right Randal began to like the cream pie flavor. He licked her clitoris and Yuki climaxed with a light scream.
"Now me slave boy," Suki said.
Randal licked his friend Suki. She loved his talented tongue. They though sexually very compatible had yet to talk about a love relationship. His tongue was magic and she was about to climax once again. He licked her magic button and she went over the edge. Her hands pulled his hair as she screamed out.
"You won my slave boy. You will get your next task later," Suki said even though she had not timed him.
"Let us sit and have tea Suki," Yuki said.
"Grand idea, stand and stroke yourself before us for our entertainment slave boy," Suki said.
He stood and stroked his member for their amusement.
"Bravo slave boy, stroke it faster but don't come," Yuki said.
He pulled his cock even faster. He was relishing putting on the show. Soon he was getting near to the tipping point. Suki was watching for hints of his progress.
"Stop slave boy I have grown tired of that," Suki said right before he was to ejaculate.
"We need to shave your cock slave boy," Yuki said.
Yuki went for scissors, shaving cream, and a razor. Randal lay on a bench with his legs spread. Yuki trimmed all his pubic hair with the scissors. She lathered his cock and balls and used the disposable razor to shave his shaft and sack. Suki went to get a paper towel to wipe his cock off when Suki finished removing his pubic hair. Suki wiped it off.
"It looks so hot without hair," Suki said.
"I knew it would," Yuki said.
"Take a swim to cool off slave boy," Yuki said.
He jumped into the pool. The water felt amazing on his shaved naked flesh. He swam around the pool joyously. Suki jumped in as well. She swam to Randal and kissed him passionately.
"Do you love being my slave boy," Suki asked.
"Yes, I love it," Randal said.
"Do you love me or just being my slave?" Suki asked.
"You said not to love you so I have tried not to," Randal said.
"But do you love me?" Suki asked
"Yes, I love you?" Randal said.
"I love your cock slave boy," Suki said.
Randal frowned.
"I love you my idiot slave boy, but I could easily stop if you do not obey," Suki said laughing.
She kissed him again. He kissed her back. She groped his cock.
"It is time for food. We should go make lunch," Suki said.
They all went to the kitchen to make sandwiches. They quickly used bread, condiments, lettuce, and lunchmeat to make them. They all sat at the small dinette to eat.
"After lunch, you have to do the next part of your challenge," Suki said.
"Yeah, Randal the human vibrator, but you cannot cum, slave boy," Yuki said.
"If you do it will cost you," Suki said.
"Do you like being our birthday present so far," Yuki asked.
"Yes, hot twins are every man's fantasy," Randal said.
The two twins sat on the couch with their legs open. They played with their pussies. Randal became rock hard again. Their breasts squished by the side of their arms as they used both hands to stimulate their pussies.
"Alternate between us slave boy. Ten thrusts each until we both climax," Suki said.
"Fuck me first, my birthday is sooner than Suki's I am older," Yuki said.That made no sense to Randal. They were both probably born within minutes of each other.
Randal entered Yuki, his big cock causing her to gasp. He slammed it in. He counted the thrusts and at ten, he pulled out. He penetrated Suki ten times. He pulled out and went back to Yuki. Her breasts jiggled as he roughly humped ten times into her sex. She moaned. He pulled out.
"Don't stop I am so close," Yuki said.
"No it is my turn, fuck me, slave boy," Suki said.
Randal entered Suki and thrust into the very depths of her tight hole. On the tenth thrust, Suki climaxed with a scream.
"Now you can finish in Yuki," Suki said.
Randal fucked Yuki again. His legs strained as he rammed her flesh.
"Fill me with your seed slave boy," Yuki said.
Yuki screamed as Randal exploded into her. His load filled her womb once again.
"Get my phone from the kitchen Randal," Yuki said.
Randal went to the kitchen and retrieved the phone. He came back and gave it to Yuki. She handed her phone to Suki.
"Come here, Randal. Suki will you record the video of this," Yuki said.
Yuki pulled Randal up on the couch. She took Randal's cock into her mouth. Suki began filming while she narrated the video.
"See what a real dick looks like Carl. Look how much cum he left in your wife," Suki said as she filmed.
"Does that cum look yummy Carl? Wouldn't you love being here to clean it out," Suki said.
Yuki soon had Randal hard again. She took her mouth off his cock. Suki zoomed in on his ten-inch cock.
"See what a real cock looks like Carl," Yuki said.
"I get his cum in my pussy this time Yuki," Suki said.
Suki handed the phone to Yuki. Randal fucked Suki as Yuki filmed. Randal felt like a porn star. He found that thought so exciting that he would not last long. Suki similarly excited climaxed as fast as he did. Yuki stopped filming. Randal and Suki labored to catch their breath. Now both of the twin's pussies were leaking out Randal's semen.
"Are you going to show that to Carl?" Suki asked when she had recovered a bit.
"Maybe, I know he wants to fuck you again Suki. Maybe we can make his birthday special. If we did then he would not be able to be too mad about this," Yuki said.
"I bet Carl is a closet Cuck. He probably would suck Randal hard for you, Yuki," Suki said.
"I do not know about that. I would like to see his lips wrapped around Randal's cock, though," Yuki said.
"Would you like that slave boy?" Suki asked.
"No, I don't think so," Randal said.
"Too bad slave boy," Yuki said. The devious twins giggled.
"What if we both get pregnant from slave boy?" Suki asked.
"Then the slave boy would have to do what we say. He couldn't afford the child support," Yuki said.
"We would probably both have twins. He would be screwed," Suki said.
"No he would have to screw us however we wanted forever," Yuki said.
"It would be a tough life but I think I could suffer through," Randal said laughing.
"Lick us, clean slave boy," Suki said.
Randal licked the horny twins clean. Each one of the twins climaxed on his face again. The games continued well into the night. They did not get up the next day until eleven am. They went out to swim without eating.
Around eleven-thirty Lidia, the voluptuous farmer came to borrow a cup of sugar. Lidia letting herself in through the side gate while the three were just getting out of the pool. She had an empty measuring cup in her hand. She was wearing shorts and a thin halter-top, her big circular nipples just visible through the thin cotton material. The twins were dressed in black string bikinis that barely covered anything and Randal was nude. His erect penis standing out like a hat rack.
"Can I borrow a cup of sugar? I don't want to drive to town," Lidia said.
"You know you are just here to see my naked slave boy," Suki said.
"You are right," Lidia said.
"Have a seat Lidia and stay awhile," Yuki said.
Lidia sat by the two twins at an outdoor table.
"Get the four of us tea slave boy," Suki said.
Randal went for more tea. He came back with four glasses as asked. He put one at each place of the round table. As he put a glass in front of Lidia, she reached out and grabbed his cock.
"I would not mind milking this; it looks much tastier without all that hair," Lidia said.
"Go ahead but do not let him cum," Yuki said.
Lidia pulled his cock and her strong hand soon brought him right to the edge.
"I think I better stop. I don't have a pail," Lidia said laughing.
"You could always contain it in your mouth," Suki suggested.
"I would love a taste, thank you for the offer," Lidia said.
Lidia took Randal's cock into her mouth and sucked him. She just sucked on the very tip as she stroked his hard shaft. Randal began to wiggle.
"I have not said you could cum yet slave boy," Suki said.
Randal could not standstill. Permission or not he was going to cum. Lidia's tongue licked his urethra. She stopped licking and sucked his head back into her mouth.
"Give her your sauce slave boy," Suki said.
Randal shot his cum, his hard cock filling its contents into her hungry mouth. Lidia swallowed it all. Lidia licked her lips.
"Tasty I love a man's milk," Lidia said.
"Care to stay for a swim?" Yuki asked.
"I do not have a suit," Lidia said.
"We will all swim nude then," Suki said as she removed her bikini top.
Lidia removed her clothes. Her breasts were massive and her bottom was soft and round. She only had a slight pouch at her stomach. She looked very good for her age. They all went into the pool. While Lidia was distracted playing with Randal's cock under the water, Yuki took Lidia's clothes into the house. Lidia soon noticed her clothes went missing.
"Where are my clothes?" Lidia asked.
"Slaves do not get clothes, Lidia," Yuki said.
"Have you ever been a sex slave before Lidia," Suki asked.
"No, I have not," Lidia, said.
"Your choice will you agree to be our second birthday slave or go home," Yuki said.
"I will stay my mistresses," Lidia said getting right into the spirit of things.
"Yuki get the razor, slave pussies should be hairless," Suki said.
Yuki trimmed and shaved off Lidia's hairy pussy. It looked much sexier without the full red bush. They all went for another dip in the pool. Suki and Yuki kept cornering the slaves to grope them. Yuki fingered Lidia's freshly shaved pussy while sucking her nipple. Lidia came close to climaxing.
"You can't come yet Lidia," Yuki said. Lidia whimpered disappointedly.
Everyone left the pool to dry out in the hot sun. The two twins lay on the chaise lounges again.
"Lidia, if you can lick us both to a climax in fifteen minutes we will have slave boy fuck you," Suki said.
"I like that deal," Lidia said.
Lidia quickly licked Suki. Her tongue fucked Suki to an orgasm. It was apparent she had licked a pussy before. Minutes later Yuki was screaming her tumult.
"Give me my reward slave boy," Lidia said.
Lidia bent over the outdoor bench. Randal began fucking Lidia from the rear. With each thrust, her full white bottom wiggled like Jell-O. He was just getting into his rhythm when Yuki said, "Do not come in her pussy. I want you to finish in her ass."
"After you make her cum though, slave boy," Suki said.
Randal kept his case hardened piston cycling into Lidia. Each thrust bringing her closer to her orgasm. Her moans increased in intensity. Her body responding to long dick less drought.
"He is so big. This is so good," Lidia, said her face showing her intense pleasure.
"Have you ever had a big cock up your ass Lidia?" Yuki asked.
"No, not like this one, Roger was much smaller," Lidia, said.
"Do you want his big cock up your ass?" Suki asked.
"No it is too big, maybe I do. Yes, I want it please," Lidia said as she trembled in a climax from Randal's cock in her pussy.
"Fuck her ass, Randal," Suki ordered.
Randal used her pussy juices to facilitate his anal entry. He eased it in gently. Randal did not want to hurt Lidia.
"Ah, it is big. It is too big," Lidia, said grimacing.
Randal finally had it all in. He waited for Lidia to adjust to it.
"Are you okay, slave Lidia," Suki asked.
"Yes fuck my ass slave boy," Lidia said as she played with her clitoris.
He fucked her tight ass. He was about to shoot. Lidia climaxed again.
"Don't cum slave boy. We have plans for you later," Suki said.
He pulled out without climaxing. Suki pushed him into the pool. They all swam around together. The rest of the weekend went as the first part had. Lidia only left twice to milk the cows. She came right back to serve the birthday mistresses though.
"Do you want to be my slave more often Lidia?" Yuki asked.
"Yes life on the farm is lonely without Roger," Lidia said.
"You are a talented pussy licker. I know I would love it," Yuki said.
"We would have to compare schedules," Lidia said.
"Carl is almost always busy on Fridays," Yuki said.
"I could be your girl Friday then," Lidia said. Yuki smiled deviously.
After the wild weekend, things settled in. Randal spanked and dominated Suki at work. Suki exposed and dominated Randal everywhere else. The two freaky sex addicts had found their perfect match.
Suki and Randal spent several nights a week together. Some nights they spent at Randal's house and some nights at Suki's house. That was until Suki signed escrow, which was closing on her house. Suki and her family now needed a place to stay.
"You can move in with me. I do have six bedrooms," Randal said.
"Can Mom come too?" Suki asked.
"Sure you all can come," Randal said.
"Summer is here and it is a good time to move. I cannot afford the parochial school the girls are in anymore," Suki said.
"Schools are safer in Marin than San Francisco. Public school will be fine for them," Randal said.
On a late June, Friday Suki and the family began the move in with Randal just as escrow was closing on her house. The movers were unloading a truck of their belongings. Suki's mother was a widow as well. She came in the package. Suki's mother Yoko was helping Suki move in. Yoko was very beautiful. She was shorter than Suki. Her body was still tone. Her tits were as big as her daughters were. Her boobs looked larger due to her smaller frame. She had just the slightest wrinkles on her face. She was only Fifty-four years old. She had Yuki when she was a teenager. Yoko's face was round and her hair was long but she wore it up in a traditional Japanese style.
Randal realized that Suki was more serious about him than she let on. Even though they never had a conversation about making the relationship permanent, she was tossing all of Yui's furniture and replacing it with her own. The master bed and everything Yui owned except the kinky toys went away to goodwill. The moving company was sorting out everything at the two women's instructions.
"Take away that couch and place this one," Suki said.
"You planning on staying a while," Randal asked jokingly.
"I am rearranging your house because your seed is rearranging my body," Suki said laughing.
"You are pregnant?" Randal asked.
"Yes and so is Yuki," Suki said.
"Too bad it is from the same father," Yoko said with a frown.
"You don't want a grandchild from Yuki," Suki said.
"It should have been Carl," Yoko said.
"Carl couldn't do it ma," Suki said.
"I think I should tell Carl," Yoko said.
"Don't ruin things for Yuki," Suki said.
Suki whispered in her mother's ear. Yoko smiled. Yoko did not bring the subject of Randal's unborn cousin children again. The movers left and we unpacked all Suki's stuff. The empty cabinets in the kitchen soon filled with Suki's stuff. Yui was a minimalist and did not need much.
"Will you marry me, Suki?" Randal asked.
"Yes but you still are my slave boy," Suki said.
They all ate that night around the dining room table. The kitchen table was too small. Yoko was a fabulous cook. This was going to be the perfect family. The eight-year-old twins and the boys were fast friends. The girls played Legos with the boys and the boys played Barbie's with the girls.
"Can we go swimming?" little Yoko asked?
"Can we please, mom?" Miko asked.
"Alright it is a warm night," Suki said.
We all put our suits on. Suki wore a sexy bikini. Her stomach was just beginning to grow. Yoko wore one as well. Yoko looked hot in it. Randal was wearing front tie board shorts. The pool was a large rectangle. With a diving board at one end, it was eight feet deep at the deepest point.
"Stay in the shallow end," Suki said to the twins.
The boys showed the girls the rope. Randal left a plastic beaded buoy lane rope strung across the width of the pool as a boundary for the boys. They knew they were not to go past that. The adults were all swimming on the deep side. The kids were happily playing in their world in the shallow end. The kids played Marco Polo noisily.
Suki began to grope Randal under the water. She playfully groped and then swam away. Yoko decided to join in, she began to grope Randal through the board shorts and swim away as well.
"He is so big Suki," Yoko whispered.
"I know he is great," Suki whispered.
When Suki groped Randal, the next time Randal groped Suki's big tit. She swam away. Yoko swam up and rubbed Randal's cock with her soft bottom. Suki swam over and pulled Randal's board shorts down releasing his cock. Yoko continued to rub her bikini-covered bottom against his now nude shaft. Yoko grabbed his hands and placed them on her soft boobs. Randal groped them under the water. He looked up to make sure the kids were not looking.
"Pinch my nipples Slave boy," Yoko said.
Randal pinched Yoko's nipples through the thin bikini. Yoko cooed like a soft dove. She put his hands under her bikini top. He pinched the real thing.
"You must always treat your future mother in law honorably slave boy," Yoko said
"I will the honor is all mine," Randal said.
Yoko began to quiver enjoying his rough handling of her breasts. Yoko had a quiet orgasm from his handling of her.
"It is time for cake everyone," Suki said as she got out of the pool.
Randal pulled up his board shorts and adjusted his erect package.
"It is my birthday," Yoko said.
Suki brought the cake out. Yoko brought out the plates and plastic forks. Randal brought out the ice cream and scoop. His erection had subsided. The kids dried off, sung happy birthday, and had cake and vanilla ice cream by the pool. It was late when the cake was finished. Randal put his boys to bed and Suki put the twins to bed.
When Suki and Randal went to bed, Suki tied Randal nude to the bed with a soft red rope. She tied a blindfold over his eyes. Randal heard Suki leave the bedroom. He heard someone open and close the door again. Randal felt a mouth engulfing his cock and his cock grew hard. He felt a pussy lower onto his member. Randal moaned.
"Does that feel good slave boy," Suki said.
"Yes it feels great," Randal said.
The pussy rode up and down on him.
"That feels so good Suki," he said.
Suki pulled the blindfold off Randal.
"Tell mother happy birthday," Suki said.
When Randal's eyes adjusted to the light, he saw that it was Yoko on his cock and not Suki.
"Happy birthday Yoko," Randal said shocked by the surprise visit.
"Fuck me, good slave boy," Yoko said as she churned on his cock.
"Give her a birthday to remember slave boy," Suki said.
It was so deliciously naughty that Randal was not going to last long. Yoko crashed up and down on him. His cock quivered within Yoko.
"Ah, it is so big," Yoko, said.
Randal shot his seed into his fiancé's mother. Her pussy lips milked him as she screamed in a release.
"I promise to be quiet about Yuki if I get this same present every year," Yoko said.
"That is a deal," Suki said.
"It is still my birthday can I have seconds?" Yoko said.
"Yes mother you can go again," Suki said.
Yoko sucked Randal hard again. Then she took another ride on his ten-inch cock. Randal moaned because the women did not allow Randal to pee between rounds. This made his cock tenderer. He was in delicious agony. Suki climbed onto Randal's mouth for some oral attention. His cock hurt slightly as the sexy cougar Yoko rode him. He soon shot another load into his future mother-in-law. Suki bucked as her climax crescendo peaked.
"What are you giving me for Christmas?" Yoko said laughing.
"Do you want slave boy's cock for Christmas mother?" Suki asked.
"Yes, how about the fourth of July?" Yoko asked laughing again.
"I will bring the fireworks," Randal said laughing.
"I know you will slave, boy," Yoko said.
"You will be asking for it everyday mom," Suki said.
"I know I want as much as you can give me," Yoko said.
"Will see mom, he must satisfy me first," Suki said.
"I want to be paid in dick for watching the girls from now on," Yoko said laughing again.
"You are greedy mom," Suki said.
"You can't blame me it is the best dick I ever had," Yoko said.
"I know mother why do you think I shared it with you," Suki said.
"You are a good daughter Suki," Yoko said.
Yoko went to bed in her room. Suki untied Randal. She kissed him forcing her tongue into his mouth. She put her arm around him and went to sleep. Randal could not believe how his life changed since Suki came into his life.
The next morning Suki and Randal got up and dressed.
"Do pregnant women turn you off?" Suki asked.
"No it is quite the opposite," Randal said.
"Good because I will get hornier when I get bigger," Suki said.
Randal could not imagine how she could get any hornier than she already was. She attacked him every single day she could.He could not complain about that but damn could his cock manage it.
At work a few days, later Randal called Suki into his office. It was right after the NY market close. She entered it not knowing exactly why he called her.
"I thought I asked you not to talk about our business," Randal said.
"What are you talking about?" Suki asked.
"Christina knows you dominate me at home. She teased me about it at the water cooler," Randal said. Randal was embarrassed other people knew how kinky he was.
"Yui told her she did as well years ago," Suki said.
"I don't believe you I will call her in here and ask her," Randal said.
"Go ahead call her," Suki said.
He picked up the phone and called Christina.
"Christina can you come to my office please," Randal said.
Three minutes later, Christina entered his office. Christina was wearing a summer dress. It clung to her slightly fuller figure. She was not fat, just wonderfully voluptuous. It was mostly at her chest, she had to suffer from back pain.
"Did Yui confide in you about our sex life?" Randal asked.
"Yes, she told me she controlled you. That revelation changed things with Terrence and me. My dominating him saved our marriage," Christina said.
"Did Suki say anything about us?" he asked already aware of the answer.
"She said you are the boss here and she is the boss at home," Christina said.
"I do not appreciate you two gossiping about me," Randal said.
"Are you going to spank Suki for gossiping?" Christina asked.
"Yes I am," Randal said.
"I gossiped too it would only be fair if I receive the same punishment," Christina said pouting like a naughty girl.
"You are willing to allow me to spank your bare bottom," Randal asked.
"Yes boss I have been naughty," Christina, said pouting again.
"Both of you bend over my desk," Randal said.
Suki locked the door and removed her dress before bending over Randal's desk. Christina removed her dress and bent over the desk. Randal took his wooden paddle out of his desk drawer. He spanked Christina and then Suki. He pulled their panties down and the two women each stepped out of them.
"I want you to take off your bras. I want to see your tits sway with each blow," Randal said.
They removed their bras and held their upper bodies off the desk. He started spanking them again. The sight off all that tit flesh swinging was impressive. Christina had large pink areola covering the tips of her big soft breasts. He was dealing blows out on their quivering bottoms. He could see their slits between their legs glistening with arousal.
"Please don't punish our pussies with your big cock boss," Christina said.
"Yes anything but that Sir," Yuki said.
"I will punish you any way I see fit I am the boss here," he said.
They two women wiggled their asses suggestively. He put his paddle down, lined up behind Christina, and thrust into her wet pussy. He pulled out and thrust into Suki. He entered her only to pull out.
"Ten strokes each like on Labor Day," Christina said.
"You are an incurable gossiper Suki," he said.
"Sorry Sir could not help from bragging about that weekend," Suki said.
He took Christina's suggestion never the less. He dealt out ten deep penetrating strokes into each hungry pussy. He loved the feeling of his cock parting their folds. They gasped with each first penetration of the sets of ten. Both women received several punishment rounds. Their loud moans broke the silence of the office. Two rounds later, they both climaxed but Randal had not.
"I am going use my cum to seal both of your mouths," he said.
He put his cock into Suki's mouth. She sucked him as Christina licked his balls.
"Switch places my two slaves," he said.
Christina now took the boss into her mouth and Suki. He could hold out no longer, he blasted his load into Christina's mouth.
"Do not swallow. French kiss one another to seal those gossiping lips," Randal said.
The two women kissed each other sensuously sharing the richness of his seed. Minutes of kissing ensued. Randal felt turned on by it, yet kind of left out.
"I told you he would spank us like this," Christina said.
"You were right. You certainly know your boss," Suki said.
"You were right he would have to fuck us, Suki," Christina said.
"I know a little about the boss as well," Suki said.
"You planned this?" Randal asked. Randal felt wonderfully played.
"We only hoped it would turn out like this," Christina said.
"Christina wants to be your work hours slave as well," Suki said.
"But not full time. I will trade you one trip to my house as a Sub for one time here as my Dom," Christina said.
"We are going to her house for dinner Friday night," Suki said.
On the ride home, they discussed the open relationship they were enjoying.
"You don't seem to mind sharing my cock with others," I said.
"It is hot if I get to be there joining in," Suki said.
"I think it is fun too, but I want to keep you for myself," Randal said.
"I have had sex with other men than you," she said.
"I know but I want you forever," Randal said.
"I am the boss at home," she said.
On Friday after work, they arrived home early and went inside to spend some time with the kids before heading to Christina's for dinner. It was a long ride from Mill Valley to the hills above Vacaville. They were to get there at seven p.m. so they left at six p.m. As they left the house Suki said, "We are taking the Porsche."
He got in on the passenger side. She pulled down the drive and onto the street. She retrieved the canvas bag from the back seat.
"You know the program by now slave boy, strip," she said.
"You want me naked for an hour ride?" he asked astonishment in his eyes.
"Yes, you know it turns you on. Your dick is already growing," Suki said.
He took off all his clothes and put them in the canvass gym bag. She stopped and locked the bag in the trunk. However, this time he would be naked for the ride down Sir Frances Drake.
"You are going to get me caught naked," he said.
"Do not be such a scared-cat," Suki said.
She stopped at a signal and woman in tall BMW utility vehicle pulled up at Randal's side of the car. She would be able to see Randal if she looked over. Randal held his breath. Randal was thinking she would not notice him. She looked over and then down. She smiled and waved.
"Hello Mr. Lewis is hunter enjoying his summer?" she said. The woman was Miss Ruiz Hunter's young attractive teacher from the previous school year. Randal blushed and Suki laughed. Miss Ruiz took Randal's picture with her phone.
"Pull over I want to talk to you," Miss Ruiz said.
Suki pulled over and Miss Ruiz parked her BMW behind the Porsche. She walked up to Randal's window. Miss Ruiz was hot looking. She was petite and sexy.
"I hope you can help me out. The stripper I booked for my best friends Bachelorette Party canceled. Could you do it for me tomorrow night?" Miss Ruiz asked. Randal was very embarrassed but extremely hard. He did not answer.
"He would love to, but I have to come to manage his wardrobe," Suki said. Miss Ruiz came around the car to see Suki.
"My name is Carla. You seem to be in charge. You would save my life if he could do it," Miss Ruiz said.
"No problem he would love to. My name is Suki. I am his fiancé. Let me get your number and I will call you so you can get mine," Suki said.
She called Suki's phone.
"Got it, now go over to Randal's side of the car he wants to give you a small sample," Suki said.
Carla Ruiz went to the other window.
"Wait until she gets her phone ready Randal. Give her a show slave boy. Play with your cock for her," Suki said.
Carla filmed him playing with himself for a few minutes.
"We have to go. Sorry, Carla, he will finish this for you tomorrow. Send me the video please," Suki said.
"I will send you directions and the time for tomorrow," Carla said.
"Goodbye Carla," Suki said.
"Goodbye, Suki. Goodbye slave boy," Carla said laughing.
Suki sped away.
"Stop stroking yourself I don't want a mess," Suki said
"Oh, I am so close," Randal, said. He stopped, obeying her as usual.
"That will be fun tomorrow," Suki said.
"I don't know how many women are going to be there?" Randal's face looked worried.
"Usually there are just less than twelve at those parties," Suki said giggling.
"Sounds terrifying to me," Randal said.
"Then why is your cock twitching just talking about it?" Suki asked pointing to his leaking dick.
Several trucks passed by but no one reacted to naked Randal after that. They arrived at the house in the Vacaville hills. The neighborhood was remote. No houses close to Christina's house. It was still warm out. Christina let them in wearing an underbust corset and thigh-high fishnet stockings but nothing else. She had dyed her hair jet black. Her nails were black. Her makeup was white. She looked like a vampire.
"I used to sell 'kink-marriage' products at parties under Yui. I have an outfit for you to Suki," Christina said. Yui had sold marital aid products at women's parties, like Tupperware marketing, however, a lot more fun.
"Randal go help Terrence finish barbequing dinner in the back. I will get Suki changed," Christina said.
Terrence was operating the grill. He cooked a pork loin on the grill. He was just taking it off the fire. Terrence was nude under a barbeque apron. His cock was hard and tenting the front of the apron. He was fit and tan. He had blonde hair. He looked good for his age. He was about forty-five. The girls came out of the house. Yuki was now wearing the same style of an underbust corset as Christina. Her nails were black and her face was made up like a vampire.
"Lose the apron Terrence," Christina said.
Terrence removed the apron. His nine-inch cock came into view. The two hosts served dinner. The conversation at the table was about how Suki exposed Randal to Hunter's teacher naked.
"She wants the boss to be a stripper at a party?" Christina said giggling.
"Yes, Randal is a little hesitant though," Suki, said.
"Terrence will come and help," Christina said.
"That would fine with the guests I am sure," Suki looked at Terrence's hard cock. Terrence's pecker was almost as big as Randal's pecker.
"I have all the josh underwear I used to sell at parties," Christina said.
"How about masks, Randal and Terrence should hide their identities," Suki said.
"I have just the things we need," Christina said.
They finished eating as the sunset.
"Let's go inside," Christina said.
"We should have the boys compete in a pussy eating contest," Suki said.
"Okay what are the rules," Christina asked.
"In heat one, Randal will lick you, and Terrence will lick me. In the second one, we will switch. That should make things fair. Whoever makes us come first wins the heat," Suki said.
"What are the prize and the penalty," Christina asked.
"You can figure those out I decided the contest," Suki said.
"I will leave them a mystery for now then.
"What if it is a tie?" Suki asked.
"They will both receive the penalty," Christina said.
The two women sat on the couch with their legs spread. Randal licked Christina's pussy. Terrence licked Suki's pussy. Randal licked Christina skillfully. He licked her inner lips playfully as she gasped. Terrence licked Suki intensely. He went straight for the kill. He concentrated on Suki's clitoris. Randal took a slower approach. He waited to see what caused Christina to respond most positively. He licked her labia minora. She responded favorable to that, and he licked her trigger only when she was ready. Christina climaxed first. Suki climaxed right after, it was a photo finish.
"Make some cocktails Terrence," Christina said.
Terrence used a mixer to make Margaritas. He came back with them. The two women both went to use the bathroom. When they returned it was time for round two. Randal licked Suki. He knew exactly what she enjoyed. He knew to lick her slowly around the top of her vestibule next to her urethral meatus. It would ready her to respond to clitoris stimulation more readily. Terrence was less the tactician and more the clitoral assailant. Randal won again.
"You lose Terrence I will have to administer your penance," Christina said.
Christina went for her hairbrush when she returned she made Terrence lay over a chair arm. She paddled him until his bottom was red.
"Now fill this with your semen Terrence," Christina said as she handed Terrence an empty glass. He began to wank into the glass.
"I will help him," Suki said as she grabbed Terrence by his root. He soon shot his load into the glass.
"Now add your sauce to the glass Randal," Christina said.
"You can help Randal this time," Suki said.
Christina grabbed Randal and milked him into the glass. There was a copious amount of semen in the glass.
"Now the next contest, you two must arm wrestle. The loser drinks the contents of the glass," Christina said laughing.
Randal and Terrence grasped arms. Randal was strong and so was Terrence. The struggle lasted several minutes. Christina pinched Terrence on his nipple cruelly and the distraction caused him to lose.
"Drink it all and I have a reward for you," Christina said.
He drank the thick liquid down.
"That is so hot making him drink cum. I know he hates it," Christina said.
"Someday I would like to force a man to drink it from another spigot," Suki said.
Christina went to retrieve a strap-on dildo. She returned wearing a realistic phallic device. It was anatomically correct right down to fake balls.
"You ready for my big cock slave," Christina said.
"No mistress anything but that," Terrence said.
"You know you love it," Christina said.
"Will you suck him while I fuck him, Suki?" Christina asked.
"Yes sure I will," Suki said.
Terrence lay with his legs spread. Christina lubed the long dildo. She slowly pushed it against Terrence's sphincter.He must like it he sure complied fast enough Randal thought.
"Fuck me while I suck Terrence Randal," Suki ordered.
We all waited fascinated to see Terrence take the massive dildo. Christina inched it in as Terrence moaned. Suki began licking the head of Terrence's cock as Christina impaled him. Randal entered Suki and began to pound her relentlessly. Terrence made guttural noises beyond his control as Christina Violently savaged his ass. A hard ribbed nub on the back of the dildo rubbed her clitoris. Terrence was close to climax and so was Christina. Randal was punishing Suki's tight pussy with his hard ten inches. Suki was close to climax. Terrence ejaculated into Suki's mouth just as Suki shuddered. Randal shot semen into Suki. Christina screamed in her climax as well.
Suki held Terrence's cum in her mouth and kissed Randal. She forced the semen into Randal's mouth with her tongue.
Suki put her clothes back on and was ready to leave.
"See you tomorrow Christina," Suki said.
"Yes, I will see you tomorrow Suki. I will bring the props," Christina said.
Randal rode nude all the way home, but it was dark no one noticed.