It's snowing on a cold Friday night in November. The college gymnasium is packed with wrestling fans. Sofia (21 yrs.) is a dark red-head (38-24-34) who wears a white wool sweater. Her two long braids hang over both large breasts and they dangle to the thighs. She also wears a white, pleated-skirt that reaches her knees. Both of her legs cross over each other while sitting on a gym chair. The coaches let her take photos of the wrestlers on the ground floor. She writes for a college internet-blog.
Sofia watches Ryker (19 yrs.) step onto the wrestling mat. He stands at 5'8'' and weighs 141 lbs. She notices his smooth tan body. He has light-blue eyes and wavy, dark-brown-hair.
She puts the digital camera onto her lap and quickly waves at Ryker. He sees her and nods his head in acknowledgement.
Sofia whispers, "I'd like him to pin me down."
Halfway into the wrestling match. Sofia shoves the camera inside of her bag. Her eyes concentrate on Ryker as both of her hands pull the skirt up above her knees.
The wrestling match is over and the referee raises Ryker's hand as the winner. His eyes quickly glance over at Sofia for a second and he does a double-take. She had lifted up her skirt and both legs are spread open. Her red pussy is visible and Ryker freezes for a few seconds.
Sofia closes her legs and waves at him. She notices a few girls waiting for him on the sidelines. He walks off of the wrestling mat while still looking in her direction. Those girls run up to him.
She lift's up a business card and waves it at him. He watches her as she places the card under the chair-leg-bottom.
The meet is over and the fans are still leaving the gym bleachers. Ryker walks out of the locker room carrying his college sport bag. He wears a heavy college jacket and tight jeans. He looks for the chair Sofia was sitting on. He bends over and finds the business card. A pen had written on the back, "University Hotel. Room 110."
Later that night inside the hotel room. The long curtains are closed except for the small opening down the center. It's snowing outside and the fog has covered the window. The room heater below runs on "high" speed.
Ryker's sport bag and his clothes are piled up on the side of the king-size bed. Sofia's clothes are piled up too.
The TV plays ESPN sport-car racing, but the volume is turned off. The lights shine over the naked bodies of Ryker and Sofia. She is laying on her stomach and bent over the edge of the bed. He's standing behind and in between her spread legs. His hands are placed on the bed while leaning over her. His eyes look down at his smooth, 6 and ½-inch cock. It is buried inside of her red pussy.
He's been pulling out his shaft long and shoving in forcefully.
Sofia responds, "Ohhhh.... Ohhh.... G-Gawd.... Ohhhhh.... Ryker.!!!"
His thick, light-brown crotch hits her butt-cheeks.
Thrust.... Thrust.... Thrust.... Thrust....
She replies, "Uh-Ohhhh.... Fill-Me.... Up.... Ohhh.... Oh-Ohhhhh.!!"
His shaft pulls-out long.
He grunts, "Show-that-pussy.... Flash-me-that-pussy.... That-red-hot-pussy.!!"
Thrust.... Thrust.... Thrust.... Thrust....
She screams, "Ohhhhh.... Ohhhh.... Gawd.... Feelz.... Good.!!"
Ryker closes his eyes and drops his mouth open. He feels her hot cunt and begins to thrust short and fast. His crotch hits her jiggling buttocks.
She responds, "Ohhhh... Oh-Ohhhh-Oh-Gawd... Uh-Ohh-Oh-Ohhhh.!!"
Thrust-Thrust-Thrust-Thrust-Thrust.
His crotch hits her butt-cheeks hard.
He grunts, "Red-Hot-Pussy.. Red-Hot.!!!"
Ryker explodes, "Uuhh-Ahhhhhhhh.. Ahhhhhhhhhh.. Ahhhhh-My-Gahhhhh.!!"
He pulls out his cock and bends down to the floor. His hands rub her butt-cheeks as he looks at her dark-red pussy.
He says, "Goddamn Sofia. No strange girl ever flashed me her pussy in public.... Ever!"
25 minutes later. The lights and TV are turned off. The window curtains are open and the heater is still on. The window is all fogged up. The night light outside shines inside.
That light hits the naked bodies of Ryker and Sofia on the bed. She is laying on her back with her legs spread open. Her long braids are above her head. He is laying on top of her with his chest crushing her massive tits. His face is over her left shoulder.
His cock is buried inside of red pussy. He's been thrusting deep and slow. Both of their stomach's touch each other after each thrust.
She responds, "Ohhhh... Oh-Ohhh... Ohhhhh... Gawd... Oh-Gawd... You're... So-Hot... Ohhhh.!!"
Thrust... Thrust... Thrust... Thrust....
His tight abdominals push against her flat stomach as his tanned buttocks bounce up and down.
She replies, "Ohhhh... Gawd... Dammit... Ohhhhh... Oh-Ohhhh... Damn-That's-Good.!!"
Thrust... Thrust... Thrust... Thrust...
He whispers, "Sofia... I'm-almost-there... Almost-there."
She responds, "Gawd... Keeping-going... Ryker... Keep... G-Going... Ohhhhh... Gawd.!!"
Both of their stomach's keep hitting each other.
Ryker thrusts a few more times and then stops.
He explodes, "Uhh-Gahhhhhhhh.. Ahhhhhhhh.. My-Gahhhhhhhh..!!"
Ryker slowly pulls out his cock and rolls over onto his back.
He says, "I can't... Stop thinking about you... Flashing your pussy at me."
She asks, "Turns you on, huh?"
He answers, "Hell yeah... My orgasms are damn extreme."
It's Saturday morning and Ryker suddenly wakes up under the bed covers. He looks around and the TV is still on and the curtains are closed.
He says, "I got a wrestling match.... Wait.... No I don't."
The bed covers are thrown off of his naked body. He climbs off and finds that Sofia is gone. He staggers toward the bathroom and then stops.
He says, "Wait.!!"
His body turns around and he finds that all of his clothes are gone. Including his sport bag.
He steps over to the phone on the table. His fingers punch the numbers on the touch-tone-phone. The receiver is put against his ear.
He chuckles, "Coach, it's Ryker. This is kinda funny... This chick took all my clothes.... Yeah, I'm at the university hotel. Room 110."