Liam and Maddison continue to explore their sexual inclinations suggesting darker fantasies and feeling, however, I still feel that considering the story as a whole it belongs in the Romance category.
As always constructive criticism is welcome however, I will moderate and delete spiteful comments that are made simply because the story or the way the characters behave doesn't agree with your views.
Remember it is just a story.
Please enjoy.
Check Out Girl -- part 3
Liam immediately realised that there was no way he was getting laid that night. Maddison was completely comatose in the back of the taxi, laying slumped against him, and never even stirred during the thirty-minute drive home.
He was so wrapped up in his thoughts about what had happened at the company party that he never really paid any attention to the fact that pretty much all of his girlfriend's long legs were on display. Sprawled out on the back seat her dress had ridden up around the top of her thighs exposing her black lacey thong.
Arriving back outside the flat the driver pulled over and waited as he struggled to get his girlfriend out of the rear seat, needing to wake her to have any chance of getting her up the stairs.
"Wake up Maddison. I need to get you to bed."
"No... le me slee." She complained, her words slurred as he tried to force her to come to, "Lee me own."
"Wake up Madd's... you need to help me get you upstairs."
"Go way."
Virtually dragging her out of the car he finally became aware that she was giving the cab driver a glorious view up her dress but there wasn't much he could do about it.
Getting her onto her feet Liam wrapped an arm about her waist and started into the apartment block. Somehow, she managed to help putting one foot in front of the other as he guided her up the two flights of stairs to his front door.
Once they were inside, he had to put her to bed. Partially undressing her, leaving her in just her panties, before pulling the duvet up over her as she lay unmoving, snoring softly.
Sighing resignedly, he stripped off and after visiting the bathroom he slid into bed next to her. Lying awake for a while he stared at the ceiling trying to make some sense of what had happened until, eventually, he drifted off himself.
The Sunday started out no better.
He woke just before ten to a cloudy overcast sort of morning with his girlfriend still unconscious, laying next to him breathing gently. For a few minutes he lay there studying her, watching her modest breasts rise and fall while quietly thinking back over the previous evening.
'Why hadn't he intervened? Why had it aroused him so much? Was he some sort of pervert?' A multitude of different questions went through Liam's head, none of which he had an answer to.
Feeling more than a little annoyed with Maddison as well as himself he carefully extricated himself from the bed and left her to sleep. All of his plans for a sexy weekend with his girlfriend now well and truly ruined by her getting totally legless at her company party.
Closing the door quietly behind him he made his way to the kitchen, via the bathroom, and set the coffee brewing.
Sitting with a cappuccino Liam reflected back on the events of the previous evening yet again.
He had never seen Maddison like that. He knew she drank for sure but usually only in moderation. However, last night she had consumed countless gin and tonic's and had seemed completely unaware of what she was doing. He couldn't help but consider just how much of it she would remember, if she recalled anything at all.
What was worse though was his own reaction to her activities.
He had enjoyed her flashing her thighs and panties to the cab driver; the first time had been accidental but the second had been quite deliberate and even more stimulating. It made him wonder if she was something of a latent exhibitionist.
Later in the evening though he knew he should have intervened and stopped her but he hadn't. Instead, he had found himself getting turned on by her actions on the dancefloor. Then later, when Henry had been fingering her, he had found himself more aroused than he would have ever thought possible.
'Was he some sort of kinky pervert for becoming stimulated by it? Did it mean he didn't love her? Was she completely unaware of what she was doing?'
Sitting and slowly sipping his first coffee of the day Liam gazed blankly out of the first-floor window at the faint rays of morning sunshine that had started to break through the clouds.
There were just too many questions that he needed an answer to.
Waiting for his girlfriend to wake up Liam put it out of his mind for the moment and took a shower before throwing on some old clothes hoping she would be up by the time he was done.
However, he had to wait a while longer and it was close to midday when Maddi eventually stumbled out of the bedroom, still dressed in just her panties.
Complaining loudly about her hangover she made her way straight to the bathroom almost oblivious to her boyfriend's presence.
"Do you have any aspirin babe?" he heard her yell.
"Top shelf of the cupboard."
"Yeah, thanks.... got them."
A minute or two later Maddison reappeared looking pale "I'm sorry babe I feel like shit, I'm going back to bed."
And with that the door closed and he was alone again.
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
It was just after half past two when Maddison sheepishly reappeared, this time wearing one of her boyfriend's old t-shirts that hung on her like a baggy mini dress. Despite the fact it hid her figure completely it was short enough to show off her shapely legs.
Liam was sitting on the sofa watching an old movie on tv when she dropped onto the couch next to him. She could tell from his expression he was thoroughly annoyed with her so, curling her feet up under her bottom, she put her head on his shoulder and snuggled against him.
"I'm really sorry babe. I know I've completely fucked up our week-end. Do you forgive me?"
"Yeah, you have pretty much." he responded somewhat coldly, keeping his eyes focused on the television despite the fact he wasn't actually watching it.
"Was I really that bad?" biting her lower lip contritely Maddison looked up into his eyes, her own pretty hazel ones surrounded by a ring of smudged make-up.
Turning to look at her for the first time he could see the nervousness in her expression "You were off your face Madd's. Totally. Both you and your friend Stacey."
Maddison gazed up him her lower lip trembling penitently "I'm really, really sorry, forgive me?"
"I suppose so." Shrugging he turned back to the movie that he hadn't been watching "Anyhow it's done now."
"Did... did I do... anything I... I shouldn't have." Her voice was little more than a whisper.
"You truly don't remember?"
Shaking her head her tousled unbrushed hair swayed around her shoulders as she blushed "I know I flashed my thong at the taxi driver and I remember having a couple of drinks.... and dancing a bit naughtily with Stace."
"Twice. You showed the cab driver your knickers twice." Liam reminded her.
Maddi giggled "And you really enjoyed it as I recall. But I don't recollect too much after that."
She clearly had forgotten most of the evening's events and for a moment Liam considered telling her exactly what had happened. However, if he did, he knew he would have to admit that he had watched it unfold and had found himself aroused by it.
"You did some dirty dancing with a guy called Henry." he informed her frankly, knowing she would undoubtedly hear about some of her antics from the Saturday night when she got to work the next day.
"Shit... no... not that.... that arsehole." Her face turned a deep shade of crimson.
"Yeah, you and Stacey both." He continued, "In fact she disappeared off with some guy and Craig had to go look for her."
"He probably went to watch." Maddison looked up from under lowered eyelashes, "He kind of... likes her.... doing things."
His brain did a somersault on hearing that "He what?"
"I'm not supposed to tell anyone but she told me he likes to watch her.... sometimes."
Liam filed the snippet of information away thinking that perhaps he wasn't quite so unusual after all.
"Was... was I really... you know.... being outrageous with that... that tosser?" she asked him quietly after a moment's silence.
Laughing briefly, he advised her of some of her indiscretions "Well, you were rubbing yourself all over him and everyone got to see your knickers."
Maddison buried her face in her hands "Oh shit... shit... shit."
Putting his arm around her he let her snuggle into him as she sat, obviously deeply embarrassed by what he had told her.
"But.... you didn't stop me?"
She suddenly sat up and looked at him questioningly as she began to realise that he had stood and watched her.
"Err.... I... umm... I tried.... but....err..."
"Oh my god, you liked it... you were watching me and you liked me doing that." Her eyes widened in surprise.
"I... umm... I..." all he could do was blush now she had partially caught him out.
Suddenly Maddi was interested and her embarrassment was forgotten for the moment.
"It turned you on, didn't it? Tell me. I want to know everything." There was excitement in her voice as she interrogated him.
Hesitating, Liam wondered just how much he should say to her. He didn't want to admit that he had stood by and let Henry finger her but now she knew a little of what had happened he would have to tell her something.
"Ok, yes it did turn me on.... a bit." Her boyfriend eventually conceded, not looking her in the eye.
"So, what did I actually do, what was it that you liked so much?" Maddi giggled sexily, gently squeezing the growing bulge in the front of his shorts.
"Well, you were rubbing yourself against him when you danced and you had your arms wrapped around his neck."
"Anything else?"
"He... err.... he was groping your bottom and pulled your dress up to show everyone your panties."
"Was that it?"
"Umm... he... err he.... he had a feel of your tit."
Maddison didn't respond, instead she just stared at him open mouthed in shock.
"That was when I butted in and stopped it." he finished quickly not telling her the rest.
They both went quiet for the moment.
"So, you weren't even a little bit jealous?" she asked him after a minute or so.
Liam tipped her face up to look at her "Yeah, I was that's the really weird thing about it. I was jealous, really jealous, but I was turned on at the same time."
"Then you're not mad at me?" Maddi blinked and licking her lips gazed up into her boyfriend's eyes.
He shook his head "Only because you passed out on me and left me bloody horny all night."
"I'm so sorry babe. I guess I shouldn't drink."
"It's ok you can make it up to me on holiday." He winked as he reached around her head and pulled her mouth to his giving her a long smouldering kiss on the lips.
They broke apart before Maddi responded and, slipping an arm about his neck, she pulled his mouth back against hers, returning the lingering kiss with a passion.
"We could go back to bed now if you wanted to." Her fingers lightly traced the outline of his semi-erect cock getting the moan of desire from him that she wanted.
"No point now." Liam held her away from him and tried to sound as disinterested as he could despite the obvious response from his dick that had begun tenting out his shorts.
"Stop being such a grumpy bugger." she giggled and slid off the sofa onto her knees, her hands sliding up his thighs reaching for the waistband of his pants.
"What are you doing?"
Her boyfriend looked at her in surprise, lifting his hips to assist her as she dragged his clothing down past his knees, freeing his rapidly hardening prick.
Wrapping her slim fingers around the thick shaft she began lightly stroking her small hand up and down his manhood as she looked up at him and, smiling naughtily, licked her lips invitingly.
"Would you have liked it if I had done this to him." Her voice was husky as she teased him.
"Oh fuck Madd's!" all he could do was gasp at her words and lean back to wait.
Her tongue darted out, flicking against his bulbous cockhead then swirling around the sensitive glans.
"Mmmmmmmmm... Urrrmmmmmmm... Mmmmmmmm!"
Smearing the dome with her saliva Maddi kept her eyes fixed on his as she licked the tip of his shaft, taking time to probe the tiny slit with her tongue.
Within a minute she had her boyfriend rock hard in her hand, breathing heavily while she lightly pumped his manhood using her spit to lubricate the motion of her soft fist on his hardness.
"Where the fuck did you learn to do this?" he managed to groan as he enjoyed his first blow job from her.
Maddison giggled impishly, looking up and pushing her hair back from her face "Men aren't the only ones who can watch porn you know. A girl can find out a lot from the internet."
Then without waiting for a reply she slid her red lips over the end of his throbbing prick, taking several inches into her mouth.
"Gluuurrrrrgggggg.... Uurrmmmmmm.... Glukkkkkkkkkkk!" sucking hungrily on his erect pole Maddi began to bob her head, her long dark hair falling forwards obscuring her face.
Her left hand cupped his balls while the other remained wrapped around his shaft as she took the tip of his spear deeper, gagging slightly when she let the crown probe her throat.
"Guuuuggggggggggggggg!"
All Liam could do was lay back on the couch and groan softly enjoying what she was doing to his cock.
Down then up, again and again, she swallowed his hard meat greedily, her red lips stretched to form a red O around the pulsing organ.
With his girlfriend's mouth tightening around his cock, Liam could feel his eruption building. His frustrations from the previous night coming to the fore and he knew he was going to lose control soon.
"Fuck it Maddi you're gonna make me cum." His voice was hoarse with lust as he reached for her, wrapping her dark mane in his fingers.
"Maybe I should have done this for him? Would you have liked that?" she murmured letting his erection slip out from between her lips.
"Oh fuck.... I.... I... don't.... know. Yes.... maybe." he groaned softly.
"Gurrrrmmmmmm... Gugggggggggggg... Gukkkkkkkkkkkkk!" encouraged by his comment she took him even deeper, opening her eyes wider and staring into his, daring him to spurt.
"Oh shit... shit... oh..... Maddeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" his last word came out as a long moan, his dick pulsing as the first ropes of semen hit the back of Maddison's throat.
"Guuuuurrrrrggggggggggggggggggg!" keeping her lips wrapped tightly around her boyfriend's spasming manhood she swallowed hungrily again and then again, taking every last drop of his man cream down into her belly.
Liam was left gasping for breath when Maddi eventually slid her mouth off of his prick and lightly ran her tongue around the tip of his shaft, cleaning off the last of his ejaculate.
"Mmmmmmmm..... that was surprisingly yummy but can I have a coffee now?" she sat back licking her lips and giggling.
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
It was an hour or so later after they had had a cappuccino and something to eat that Maddison stood up and took hold of her boyfriend's hand.
"You've had your turn and I need to go home soon but I really need you to fuck me first."
She was still wearing his old t-shirt, the one that barely came down just below her backside when she stood still. It rose up even higher as she took his hand and led him towards the bedroom and she knew his eyes were rivetted on her gorgeous pert bottom as she wiggled ahead of him while he followed helplessly.
Before they reached the bed Liam grabbed her from behind and, pulling her back against him, let his hands slip around her to cup her small firm tits. Roughly mauling them through the thin cotton he quickly found her half-swollen nipples, teasing them into hard points.
"Oh fuck." Maddi groaned and leaned back against him, twisting her head around so she could kiss him.
Her bottom pushed back trapping his erection between her firm cheeks as her tongue probed into his mouth to play with his. All the while her boyfriend's fingers continued to squeeze and grope her modest breasts, arousing her nipples until they ached.
Letting one of his hands slide gently down across her flat tummy Liam tugged up the t-shirt to expose her shaven sex before easing his probing fingers between her slender thighs.
"Shit.... Oh shit.... oh.... Liam.... ooooohhhhhh." Maddison sighed into her boyfriend's mouth and went up onto her toes when he began to work one of his digits into her pink wet slit.
With his hand trapped between her legs as he fingered her pussy he felt Maddi squirm in his arms, gasping breathlessly, while his other hand gently massaged her tit.
Sighing with delight Maddi reached inelegantly back between them, her hand exploring in his shorts to take a hold of his hard throbbing cock. Wrapping her small fist around his erection she squeezed and stroked it as best she could, given the awkwardness of her position.
"Please... fuck me Liam... please.... I need you inside me." whimpering desperately her voice was soft as she begged him.
Easing his glistening fingers out of her dripping sex with a soft plop he released his hold on her letting her step away and peel the t-shirt off over her head. Totally nude now she lay back on the bed and, spreading her legs wide, held out her arms inviting her boyfriend to mount her.
"Please.... I want you."
Grinning like an idiot he hurriedly divested himself of the few clothes he had on and lowered himself onto her, guiding the head of his shaft against her moist entrance, easing her slick, puffy outer labia aside.
"Please Liam... please baby... I need you in...."
She reached for him as his body came down on top of hers, grabbing his arse and pulling him towards her so his hard length slid all the way up into her cunt.
"Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee..... oh.... yeeeesssssssssssssssssss."
Arching up off the bed Maddison wrapped her legs around him and began to hump urgently back when he started to fuck her. Taking every inch of his hard length as he drove into her tight hole in a slow easy rhythm, she sighed contentedly savouring the delight she was already beginning to feel.
Supporting his weight on his arms Liam stared down into his girlfriend's big hazel eyes watching her expression of ecstasy, his deep strokes gradually stoking the fire inside her.
"Yes... oh yes, yes.... oh, oh... fuck... oh fuck... yes, yes, yes." gasping breathlessly Maddi squirmed under him, her head thrashing from side to side and whipping her long dark hair across her face.
Even though she had sucked him off only a short while before she could tell from the way his breath rasped against her cheek as he pounded into her that it wouldn't be long before he was ready to come again.
Laying beneath him and writhing in ecstasy, she was also desperate to cum and made it very clear to her boyfriend that she was also close to her orgasm.
"Yes... oh yes.... I'm.... I'm.... nearly there.... oh fuck... don't..... stop."
Increasing the speed of his thrusts he started to piston feverishly into her, burying his pulsing length in her tight slit again and again while her outer lips clung to his tumescent shaft caressing it as it slid in and out of her dripping slit.
"Oh god Liam... yes, yes, I'm... oh fuck I'm cummmmmminggggggggg!"
Maddi's legs locked tighter around him and she arched upwards off the bed, grinding her pussy onto his throbbing dick, her whole body stiffening as she came hard.
Without pausing or slowing he continued to drive his cock into her, ferociously hammering his manhood into her as vigorously as he could, prolonging her climax.
Beneath him she thrashed and jerked in ecstasy, the waves of pleasure continuing to radiate through her slender form.
"Fuck... oh fuck.... Liam.... I'm.... gonna.... cum..... again." Her red painted nails raked across his back as she bucked and jerked with delight, her second orgasm flaring into a roaring conflagration while the embers of her first slowly faded.
Liam responded to her moans by beginning to pump into her even more powerfully, thrusting his length all the way up into her pussy again and again, his hips slapping against hers with every stroke.
"Aaaaahhhh.... Aaahhhhh..... aaaahhhhhhh... yeeesssssssssssssss!"
Unable to hold himself in check any longer Liam finally lost control and, sheathing his tumescent shaft in Maddison one final time, he ejaculated.
"Oh god.... I'm.... I'm......cummiiinnnggggggggggggggggggg!" almost as he started to fill her belly with his seed Maddi came for the second time, squealing with joy, the waves of sheer unadulterated pleasure surging through her.
"Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkk... oh fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!" grunting loudly Liam shuddered, his prick spasming inside her clenching love tunnel, pumping spurt after spurt of his sperm into her womb.
Collapsing, completely satisfied, the pair of them kissed each other as their shared climactic high slowly subsided and his softening manhood eventually slipped out of her cum filled pussy.
"I don't want to but I really should go home babe." It was probably another ten minutes before Maddi finally broke the comfortable silence that had descended over the two of them while they cuddled, enjoying the post-coital bliss.
Sighing Liam reluctantly pushed himself up off the bed and started to search for his clothes.
After they had both dressed and tidied themselves up, they sat and had another coffee discussing the week ahead and their plans, before Liam drove his girlfriend back to her parent's house.
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
He hadn't been in from work very long on the Monday evening when he heard the front door open.
The only other person to have a key was Maddison so he got up knowing it was her and found her standing in the doorway clearly visibly upset by something. They hadn't planned on seeing each other until the Wednesday so it was a something of a surprise to see her there.
"What's up?" Stepping back to let her come in he could see by her reddened eyes that she had been crying.
"That arsehole Henry Grant."
She flopped onto the sofa, wiping her eyes, while her boyfriend went to put the kettle on.
"Oh, what's he been up to now?"
Immediately Liam began to think back to the scene he had witnessed on the Saturday night as he made them both a cup of tea.
"Just comments about my dancing with him at the party, telling me how sexy I was and how he'd be happy to 'give me a good seeing to'."
"Ignore him." he told her with a sense of relief.
"I'll try but he's such a fucking arrogant prick. Thinks he's God's gift to women. He's tried it on with just about everyone at work and now it's my turn."
He laughed more than a little relieved that Henry obviously wasn't going to bring up his trying to take advantage of Maddi while she was drunk.
"He probably wouldn't know what to do if you actually offered to take him up on it." Her boyfriend declared reassuringly, handing her a cup of tea.
Pausing she regarded him curiously for a moment "Are you suggesting that I proposition him? Would that turn you on as well?"
For a brief second Liam's imagination ran riot as he remembered how Henry had fingered her to orgasm on the Saturday night and then envisioned his gorgeous girlfriend getting fucked by him.
"No, not at all. I was just saying that he'd run a mile if you looked like you might be willing."
Maddi frowned "Don't be so sure of that. He tried it on with Stacey remember."
"Oh, what happened?"
She giggled her mood clearly lifting a little "I told you Craig likes her to have fun."
"Yeah, I remember, so what did she do?" he was intrigued now.
"I promised her I wouldn't tell anyone." Maddison shook her head, "Only me and Craig know."
"Come on, I'm not going to tell anyone am I?"
"All I'm going to say is that Stacey said he has a big cock and he knows how to use it." She raised an eyebrow and put a finger on her boyfriend's lips, "Now don't ask anymore."
"You mean he fucked her?"
It didn't take a lot of imagination. Stacey had obviously let the obnoxious Henry have her with her boyfriend Craig's consent.
"Did..... did he, you know.... watch them?"
She bit her lower lip and blushed, looking down at the floor, as she nodded "That's what Stacey said."
"Fucking hell."
"Is that what you'd like to see? Me with... with Henry?" she murmured quietly.
"What... no... no I... I...." stumbling to answer coherently he avoided her eyes.
Sitting listening to Maddi telling him about it, Liam couldn't stop himself visualising his girlfriend in a similar situation. Him watching with her on her back, her long legs spread wide as the offensive Henry rode her.
Shaking himself out of his reverie Liam quickly changed the subject to their forthcoming holiday. Discussing their vacation plans in general and Maddi's scheduled shopping expedition for the coming Saturday in particular.
It very clearly worked and for the next hour or so they spent their time drawing up an extensive list of things Maddison wanted to buy.
"Is that everything?" he asked when she finally put the pen down and sat back.
She nodded glancing down the items she had jotted on the pad "I think so."
Liam picked up the piece of paper and read through it, sighing "We'll be out all day getting this lot."
Maddi giggled "Then I'll try to make it a bit more interesting for you."
"Oh, and how do you intend doing that?"
"Wait and see... I promise you'll enjoy it."
"That's not fair." He chuckled in protest.
"It'll be something to look forward to and it might even turn you on." She leaned in and kissed him on the cheek.
Her comment kept him wondering for the rest of the evening until he drove her home.
However, the rest of their plans for the week, including their Wednesday date night, had to be put on hold as Maddi went down with a nasty bout of food poisoning the very next day and spent the rest of the week in bed, off work and unable to keep anything down.
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
For a couple of days Maddison was so ill she worried she might have to forgo her planned shopping expedition. Fortunately, though she had sufficiently recovered by the week-end and the two of them were able to go on her spending spree.
Knowing that her list was fairly comprehensive Liam made sure he picked her up bright and early so they could spend the best part of the day looking for everything she had on it.
The first hour or so was spent purchasing all of the necessary holiday essentials such as sun cream and all the other numerous other toiletries she had written down. By the time they had finished this part of her list he was already bored and suggested they take a break and have a cappuccino.
"What do we need to get now then?" he asked as they sat down in the coffee shop.
Taking out the piece of paper she consulted it "Let's see.... a couple of pairs of shorts, at least one new skirt, some new tops and definitely two bikinis."
"That's going to take ages." he groaned out loud anticipating trudging around the shops for the whole of the day.
"I promised you I'd make it interesting for you." she giggled suggestively her hand resting on his thigh.
His grin got bigger as he took a sip of his drink "Am I getting a fashion show then?"
"You'd like that wouldn't you? Me to accidentally show off in a shop." Maddison laughed softly, "Just like when I flashed my panties at that cab driver."
"I recall that you rather enjoyed doing that as well." His grin got a little bigger.
"Maybe I'm a closet exhibitionist." she chuckled biting her bottom lip and wondering if she was, "You'll have to wait and see."
"So will you... you know?" he looked at her inquiringly.
Maddison took a mouthful of her cappuccino "I told you you'll have to wait and see."
Finishing his coffee Liam changed the subject and enquired "So, what's first then?"
"Bikinis I think," Maddison declared thoughtfully before draining her own cup and standing up to leave, "and I know just the place to go."
The department store she had chosen was huge, spread over several levels it contained all manner of goods with aisles running along both sides of each floor.
The women's section including the swimwear was on the second floor and Liam waited while Maddi browsed through the racks, offering up several selections for him to consider. Then after going through a series of rather conservative costumes, all of which he rejected, she picked up something different.
"How about this one?"
The skimpy bikini she had in her hand was basically just 3 small black triangles and a few bits of string.
"I like it." Liam grinned broadly, the idea of Maddi wearing such a scanty item around the pool or on the beach turning him on.
"I knew you would, pervert." She laughed and punched his arm lightly, "I'm going to try it on."
"Well, what do you think?" He had been waiting outside of the changing room for five minutes when she came out and spoke to him making him spin around.
He stood and stared unable to speak for the first few seconds.
Maddison was standing in the open wearing the three small triangles of material that were just about sufficient to cover her areola and shaven pussy.
Exposed to anyone in the shop who might walk by she did a slow pirouette and saw a couple of men in the aisle who had stopped and were quite openly ogling her. The fact that she had got the attention of someone other than her boyfriend set her pulse racing and she could feel herself becoming moist between her legs.
"It's... fucking amazing... I love it." was about all he could manage to stammer.
"Me too." she smiled, glancing towards to two onlookers who slowly moved away, rather red-faced.
Grinning at her boyfriend she stepped back into the cubicle only pulling the curtain part of the way across.
With her still clearly visible through the gap Liam wanted to see what anyone wandering by might observe so he moved away to stand by himself in the aisle.
"Fuck me." almost immediately a young guy exclaimed as he stopped next to him and stared at Maddi.
Glancing back towards the changing room, he could see they both had a perfect view of Maddison, side on, as she removed the bikini top and turned to expose her small breasts to two pairs of enthralled eyes.
Standing exposed for a several seconds, she looked straight at them, the dampness growing rapidly at the top of her thighs as she made sure that both her boyfriend and the man next to him clearly saw her, before with a shy smile she pulled the curtain closed.
"Fucking hell." The young man spoke to Liam, "Some lucky sod is fucking that. She's bloody gorgeous."
He just grinned by way of a reply as the other man walked away while he waited for his girlfriend to re-appear.
Are you going to buy it then?" he asked as soon as she came out of the cubicle.
"I don't think I have a choice. I made a little bit of a mess in the panties." she giggled as they went over to the cash desk to pay for the item, "But did you enjoy my show?".
"You know I did." he laughed and put his arm around her, "You, are a very naughty girl."
"And did it turn you on?" she enquired hesitantly.
"Yes, it did." he told her honestly, "But how about you? Did you like showing yourself off?"
For a moment Maddison didn't reply, staring down at the floor as she chewed on her lip.
"Would you think I was really kinky if I said I did?" she murmured almost inaudibly.
Liam shook his head "Not at all, I quite like the idea that my girlfriend is an exhibitionist."
"Maybe I need to do it again... just to be sure." Her cheeky grin left him eagerly anticipating her next escapade.
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
Over the next ninety minutes the two of them visited a several more shops, purchasing two tops and another swimming costume, without any hint of a repeat of Maddi's earlier performance.
"Was that it then?" Liam eventually asked somewhat disappointed that there hadn't been a repeat of her show with the first bikini.
"Like I told you. Maybe." She laughed leading him into another store, "You'll have to wait and see."
This one was larger, a little like the department store but selling just womenswear it only spread over the two floors, with the summer clothing on the upper level.
Again, Maddi took her time perusing the various displays picking out two tops and a pair of very tight ripped denim shorts that barely covered the cheeks of her bum.
"I think I'll try on these." The tone of her voice made him wonder if she was going to put on another show for him as she disappeared into one of the changing cubicle's.
"What do you think?" a few minutes later Maddison reappeared and did a twirl in front of her boyfriend.
The shorts were cut high, pulled tight between her thighs they exposed the bottom of her cheeks. While the red vest top with the word BABE emblazoned across the front in glitter left a broad swathe of her flat stomach visible.
"Very nice. I like them both." he told her truthfully.
"Ok let me try on the other top."
This time Maddi deliberately left the curtain open again. She had noticed an older man standing across the other side of the aisle, obviously waiting for his wife, watching her as she peeled her top off to expose her small breasts for the second time that day.
Observing his girlfriend Liam turned to follow the direction of her gaze and saw the other man clearly ogling her as she made no attempt to pull the drape closed.
Maddison deliberately took her time to slip on the other top, putting on a show for the bystander, before coming out to let her boyfriend give her an opinion on that one.
Not wanting any potential confrontation, the voyeur hurried away as soon as she came out of the cubicle leaving her alone with Liam for the moment.
"What about this one?" she did a twirl showing him the leopard print top which came down off one shoulder leaving it bare.
"Yes, I like that one as well. Get both."
Taking a minute, she looked in a mirror and paraded in front of him.
"You're sure?"
"Positive. They both look fantastic."
"Ok." Maddi giggled and kissed him briefly. "Both it is."
With that settled Maddison stepped back into her changing room, again leaving the curtain partly open.
Moving away to view her from the aisle Liam waited as another man stopped, leaving his wife to look through the rails of clothing alone as he gazed, mesmerised, at Maddi when she removed both the shorts and top.
Parading in just her panties she again took her time getting dressed giving both her boyfriend and the other man the opportunity to see virtually all of her body before, looking up at them with a knowing smile before she closed the drape.
"How about that time?" Maddi took hold of his arm, laughing, as they went to pay.
"You are so bad." He couldn't help but chuckle.
"Are you complaining? I thought you liked me being a little bit naughty."
"I do." he agreed as they got to the cash desk, "It turns me on."
"Good, that was my intention." She giggled.
For the remainder of the afternoon, they browsed through an assortment of shops without a repeat of Maddi's exhibitionist activities.
They did, however, acquire several more bags of clothes along the way as she bought the rest of things she wanted for the holiday.
"Ok that's it. That's everything." She stated coming out of the last shop, "We can go home now."
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
By the time the two of them got back to Liam's flat, loaded down with Maddi's purchases, they were both feeling incredibly horny from the exhibitionist shows she had put on.
Dumping everything on the floor immediately the front door closed behind them, they began to kiss, stumbling towards the bedroom hurriedly undressing each other as they went.
Dragging her top up over her head Liam managed to unhook her brassiere, exposing her small firm breasts to his hands. While at the same time Maddi almost ripped the buttons off his shirt in her frantic efforts to reveal his body.
Finally kicking off her jeans and panties Maddison fell back on to the bed, breathless and totally naked, watching as her boyfriend finished undressing himself.
"Hurry Liam... please... I want you inside me." she held out her arms towards him.
He didn't need asking twice and, with his hard cock standing out from his crotch like a spear, he mounted her.
"Oh.... Yesssssssssssss...... oh fuck..... oh.... Liam!" she gasped when he entered her, his rampant hardness splitting her open and impaling her in a single firm stroke.
Encircling her boyfriend's lower back with her legs she arched her spine upwards off the bed driving her pussy onto his shaft. Taking every centimetre his full eight inches into her welcoming slit her arms wrapped about his neck and their lips met, the passionate kiss fanning the flames of their desire.
As their mouths broke apart Liam stared into his girlfriend's eyes and began to fuck her; slowly pulling back until just his cockhead was lodged in her entrance and then, just as steadily, easing his manhood back into her again.
Despite their need they moved slowly, enjoying the sensations that were gradually building in both of them while they made love. Liam's arse rising and falling rhythmically as he drove his hard cock into Maddi's dripping cleft again and again.
Her lips found his, tongues playing when they kissed, her fingers twisting in his hair pulling his mouth harder against hers.
"Don't stop... oh god... don't.... stop.... please.... don't.... ohhhhhhhhh!" she whispered into his mouth as she bucked against him, her need for him obvious.
Pulling his eager lips away Liam started to thrust harder, gradually pounding his aching prick into his girlfriend's gaping slit as she moaned and writhed under him. The steady protesting squeak of the bed and the rhythmic clattering of the headboard against the wall clear evidence of the fucking she was getting.
"Oh fuck... Liam... I'm... gonna... you're.... gonna.... make me....." Maddison's cries grew louder, her climax surging to the fore, and he knew she was about to come.
Increasing his pace Liam began to hammer his cock in as deep as he could, their flesh slapping together and almost instantly sending his girlfriend over the top.
"CUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!" Maddi's piercing shriek drowned out the creak of the bedsprings as she came hard on his dick.
Her whole body convulsed as her orgasm slammed through her, slender fingers clutching at his arms while she twisted and jerked in the throes of a huge climax.
"Uh... Uh... Uh... UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" burying his length in her a moment later also Liam came, pumping his seed into her undulating, compliant body.
"I love you Liam." She whimpered, kissing him and slowly coming down from the heights of pleasure he had taken her to.
Kissing her back he stared into her eyes stroking a hand along her cheek "I love you to."
Rolling off her and onto his back he pulled Maddi's nude form up against him "Are you still going to go home tonight?"
She shook her head answering his question with another "Do you mind if I stay?"
"Silly question, of course I don't."
Giggling she kissed him lightly "I'll ring my mum in a minute then and let her know I won't be back till tomorrow."
Silent they lay on the bed just cuddled up, both of them utterly satisfied and lost in their thoughts.
"What are you thinking?" he asked after several minutes of quiet contemplation.
Maddison rolled onto her side so she could look at him properly, resting her face on her hand.
"Do you think I am an exhibitionist?"
Now it was Liam's turn to look back at his girlfriend, "Does it turn you on when you do it?"
She suddenly seemed thoughtful and went quiet again before eventually answering.
"Yes, it does but it scares me as well."
He grinned at her "That's natural, if it didn't scare you at least a bit, it probably wouldn't excite you."
Giving that some thought she pushed herself up and slid out of bed.
Scrabbling around for her clothes she glanced back at him "We need to get dressed and get something to eat."
Once the two of them were back in the living room Liam ordered them a take-away while Maddison informed her parents that she wouldn't be home that night.
"All sorted?" he checked with her as she got off the phone.
"Mmhhhmm... mum was fine but dads got the hump with me again."
Settling down in front of the TV the couple shared a large pizza and spent the rest of the evening discussing their upcoming holiday before heading off to bed and making love again before spooning together and eventually falling asleep.
~~~~~~ooOOoo~~~~~~
The next seven days leading up to their trip, was hectic for both Maddi and Liam and despite wanting to spend as much time together as possible they found things difficult.
Both of them had to work and Maddison's father was still vehemently opposed to her staying over so they continued to limit the nights she slept at Liam's to week-ends and just one or, sometimes two, times in the week.
One of those nights was the Wednesday and he had arranged to pick her up from work.
Arriving early, he was sitting in his car waiting when Maddison walked out of the supermarket entrance with a vaguely familiar figure following her. Whoever he was he was obviously talking to her although she was blatantly ignoring him.
That was when he suddenly realised that the man with his girlfriend was Henry Grant, the guy who had molested her when she was drunk at the company party.
Intrigued by what was happening he sat watching them intently as Henry caught up with her and grabbed her arm. The obviously unwanted contact jerked him out of his inaction and that was when he started to get out of the car his eyes still focused on them.
Flinging his hand away from her Maddi turned on him, clearly extremely angry.
"Take your grubby little hands off me." she told him loudly enough for her boyfriend to hear.
"Calm down babe. No need to get all stressed." The obnoxious Henry laughed, "I was just asking."
"I said no and I meant it. Now fuck off and leave me alone." Maddi almost shouted at him before storming away and heading towards her boyfriend.
"Your loss you stuck up bitch. You don't know what you'll be missing." He called out sneeringly.
Then looking up and seeing Liam across the car park Henry turned and started to hurriedly disappear in the opposite direction.
"What was that about?" Liam enquired when he got closer to her, still staring at the guy's back as he walked hurriedly away.
She glanced back at the rapidly departing figure "I swear I'll swing for that prick one of these days."
"Which prick?" Liam wanted to be certain he had identified him correctly.
"That one. Henry the arsehole Grant." she declared with venom.
"I thought that was him?"
"Yeah. That was him, the fucking tosser." She confirmed.
"Oh! What's he up to now?"
Maddi snorted "Nothing new. He's still being an arsehole and making snide comments about me."
"Like?"
"Like how I was all over him at the party. That I couldn't get enough of him and how he wants to take me out and show me a good time."
Liam started laughing "He's fucked Stacey and now he fancies a turn with you that's all."
"God, you aren't even angry. Do you want me to go out with him? Would that turn you on as well?" she retorted angrily yanking open the car door and getting in.
He slid in to the driver's side and glanced across at her.
"No, of course I don't want you going out with him."
"But the idea of it turns you on, doesn't it?" turning her head she glared at him across the car.
"Well.... I... err... sort of.... it..." he struggled to answer her.
"Oh my god.... It does. Me with that prick. It fucking turns you on."
"No... err... I mean... yeah but I don't...."
The look of disdain she gave her boyfriend on hearing his answer made it clear exactly how she felt about her antagonist's invitation to take her out and her boyfriend's apparent acceptance of it.
"Well dream on mister, it ain't going to happen."
Her obvious anger and her last comment prompted Liam to keep quiet on the topic.
"So, where are we going?" Maddison changed subject.
Liam's brain was still considering what his girlfriend had been saying about Henry still trying to get into her panties.
As much as he denied it, the thought of her going on an actual date with Henry had turned him on him, just as she had guessed. Although he hadn't lied the thought of it made him jealous as well.
Remembering his reaction to what had happened at her works party he struggled to control his feelings and couldn't help but go over all the unanswered questions that had plagued his thoughts since that night.
He knew he loved Maddison more than anything. The thought of her being with someone else was almost unthinkable to him except for that small part of his brain that kept telling how aroused the idea of it made him feel.
"Err... how about the pub.... maybe?" was all he could think of to suggest.
"Fine." She turned away and stared out of the window still in something of a huff at what he had said.
Spending the evening in the pub, they grabbed a bar meal and discussed their upcoming holiday. Mostly it was just reviewing all the arrangements for travel and what they would do during their week away.
However, Liam was careful not to mention anything more about what had had happened to Maddi at work and their earlier discussion about Henry asking her out.
She had told her parents she was staying at her boyfriend's that night so after they were finished in the pub they headed back to Liam's flat.
"Do you really want me to go on a date with Henry?" Maddison asked quietly once they were in the car on the way to his place.
Not looking at her boyfriend she stared out of the window as she spoke.
Liam paused, not starting the engine, and reached across to tip Maddi's face round so they were looking at each other.
"Honestly the only answer I can give you is yes and no."
She regarded him curiously "I don't understand..."
He took a deep breath knowing it was time he at least tried to be honest about how he felt.
"No, I don't want you going out with anyone else Madd's. I love you and I can't imagine my life without you."
His first statement brought a smile to her lips and she leant in to kiss him lightly.
"You know I love you to and I'd do anything for you...." she left her sentence unfinished as he held up his hand.
"But part of me finds the idea of you.... being with another man a turn on. Don't ask me why but it does."
"So, you do want me to go on a date with Henry?" Maddi bit her lower lip apprehensively as she whispered her response.
"No, no I don't, I really don't." with a sense of panic Liam grabbed her hand, "It's just the idea of it.... it's kind of arousing."
Maddison sighed with relief, the thought of going anywhere near the odious Henry Grant made her feel nauseous.
"Maybe... maybe we could.... just pretend...." She suggested hesitantly.
"What do you mean?"
She bit her lip nervously "I pretend that I've been on a date and that.... that things happened. Then I tell you about it."
Liam grinned "That sounds like it could be a lot of fun."
His girlfriend giggled "It could be."