Chapter 12: It's Not Easy Being A Naked Toilet Cleaner
THE NIGHT BEFORE
"When you get into the office, strip. Completely naked and barefoot. Everything off, just the way a cheap fuckslut like you loves to be!
Now, dumb cunt, I want you to listen up, because I'm only going to say all of this once.
I WILL be watching you tomorrow. From home, of course, and probably lying on my sofa, while you train to be a toilet cleaner. Isn't that just fair, and exactly how things are meant to be? Don't agree? Too bad. You're the one cheap and slutty enough to cheat on your loving husband, and even fuck your own BROTHER!
First, once you have stripped completely naked and removed your heels, that is how you'll REMAIN for the rest of the day.Yes, BARE ASS NAKED. You will convince them to allow you to train naked. And that includes your favourite outfit as well. You know, the surprise outfit I have for you tomorrow! Anyway, no clothes, no shoes, nothing. Period. And, in case you're thinking of being smart, which you obviously aren't, you will NOT stand behind any objects that will even partially obstruct the view of your whore body!
Secondly, you will OBEY whatever orders you are given in the office tomorrow, by WHOEVER gives them.I don't care if Tom asks you to lick shit off the toilet bowls, and I certainly don't care if he asks you to play with your slutty slit in the main lobby. You will obey. Oh, and you will do so in an extremely SUBSERVIENT and HAPPY manner. If I spot any semblance of reluctance.. Well, I will most definitely NOT be reluctant to help spread the news about the world's most horny, ADULTEROUS, and INCESTUOUS blonde.
Thirdly, whenever both your hands are free, you will be in your FAVOURITE POSITION.Well, it's YOUR favourite position, so don't bother pretending you don't like it. Whether you're just listening to orders or lost in your own shameless thoughts about how best to exhibit your naked body, you better remain with your hands on your head and your legs spread wide. Even if the Managing Partner walks in!
Next, you'll BEG to fuck Tom. In fact, make sure that you fuck him at least TWICE during the day.If you don't swallow two loads of his cum tomorrow, well, you know what's going to happen..
Now, here comes MY FAVOURITE part.
If anyone -- and I repeat, anyone -- asks you why you are standing in your FAVOURITE POSITION, or even makes any reference to your NUDITY or how SHAMELESS and SLUTTY you look standing there exposing yourself, you will respond with these EXACT words:I am a busty blonde bombshell. I pierced my nippies with bells and clitty with my wedding ring.

And of course, I'm sure this will pique their interest! Or maybe they'll just laugh at you and take pictures of you. Well, if they want pictures, of course you'll remain in your favourite position for their viewing pleasure.. Isn't that just exciting?
Now, if anyone then CONTINUES to ask you why you have BELLS on your nipples or anything remotely related to your tit jewellery, you will say this:I love riding cock reverse cowgirl. Yes, so if Owen happens to walk into your office, sees you exhibiting yourself to the whole world, asks about your trashy favourite position and then mentions your nipple bells, you say that. EXACTLY, and only that.
Well, I think, predictably, that will truly amuse whoever's there. And if they probe FURTHER, you will say these exact words:Because this fake titted exhibitionist slut loves riding cock reverse cowgirl facing outwards, so with bells I can signal to other cocks. Nothing more, nothing less!

Funny, isn't it! Oh, don't cry. I think your adventures tomorrow would make a good movie.. Don't you think the video will make a nice addition to our collection of Jizzmine's sweet memories? Let's edit the footage together when you're done introducing people to your naked body!
And, on the other hand, if anyone wants to check out your wedding ring, which will of course be SO OBVIOUSLY exposed and twinkling on your bald slit, you will let them. If they ask about why you are ridiculous enough to have your WEDDING RING attached to your clithood or even reference your beautiful new pussy DECORATIONS at all, you will tell them this:Jasmine is a cheating married whore.Yes, JASMINE and not Jizzmine! Wouldn't it be fun to just use your OLD name, so that they'll be able to know how to track your sextoy body down for a good hard fucking whenever they are bored?
But obviously, at least in my opinion, they'll probably ask you more about HOW FAITHFUL you are! Oh, stop pretending to be a prude, you're a CHEATING SLUT and you've proven it over and over again. It'll only be a matter of time before Owen divorces your dirty cunt, and well, truth be told, we don't really need Owen anymore, do we? Fake tit Jasmine has Eddie now!
Anyway, if they ask any FURTHER about your wedding ring, your CLIT PIERCING or why you LOVE CHEATING, you will respond with this and only this:Because this horny adulterous married whore got lazy to remove my wedding ring when I cheat on my husband daily, so I decided to attach it to my clitty. No explanations, no evading the questions. And, I mean, it's true anyway..
Now, there's no need to thank me! I know a BRAINLESS bimbo like you would probably not know how to SELF-HUMILIATE, so I'm doing you a favour and guiding you through it again. But after this.. Well.. Let's just say I've decided that you will play a more ACTIVE role in showing off your body.
Ok, one last thing. Whenever you want to refer to these two puppies, you will say:pierced fake funbags. No breasts, boobs, not even tits. Wouldn't that be funny? And for the worthless cum repository between your legs, it will, tomorrow, only be known as:bald tanned cunt.
You know what to do, and you better obey every single order I've given you tonight. Or your parents and Eddie's college scholarship review committee will be getting a present in the mail, and then after that.. The whole world too.. Now get the fuck out, BITCH."

******************************

Jasmine padded behind Maurica obediently, her bare feet already starting to ache from walking on the hard concrete floor.
"Right, so this is the store room, as I'm sure you're already aware. We keep our cleaning supplies here, so if any of the toilets in this building is short on something, this is the place to look.." Maurica said, trailing off.
Jasmine couldn't help but notice the black woman sighing condescendingly at the sight of the naked blonde who was wantonly exhibiting herself in her favourite position again.

"No matter what other benefits you're providing to the bosses," Maurica cast a disdainful eye at the widely spread shaved pussy between Jasmine's tanned thighs, "You're officially hired as a toilet cleaner. So, you'll need to be very familiar with what the toilet cleaning equipment are, and where they are."
"Yes, ma'am," Jasmine replied, feeling worthless.
Maurica rummaged in a box near the entrance to Tom's office, and retrieved a piece of A4 paper.
"So, here's a list, which you will need to memorise. And you'll need to know where all these items are located in this room. Do you think you're capable of that?" Maurica scoffed, one eyebrow raised slightly.
"Yes, ma'am.. I'll remember what's on the list," the busty nude woman replied, reaching over to take the piece of paper from Maurica.
Jasmine was just glad to have something in her hands, because at least that would give her an excuse to temporarily stop her shameless self-exposure of her hairless armpits in the ridiculous position!
"Uh huh.." Maurica continued dismissively, "So here's what we're going to do. I'm going to get a cup of coffee, and I'll be back in 10 MINUTES. I want you to get the items on this list from around the room, and then lay them out neatly on the floor. Are we clear?"
A sharp pang of humiliation hit the once-proud Jasmine hard as the plump toilet cleaner gave her her orders authoritatively.
Of course, she had no choice but to respond, powerless, "Yes ma'am.."
As Maurica exited the store room, the big titted blonde took a closer look at the items enumerated on the list. There were 50! That would mean she would need to locate at least 5 items EVERY MINUTE, and the store room was at least 600 square feet in size.
Anyone standing in the dusty store would have been treated to the amusing sight of the completely naked bombshell sprinting barefooted around the room frantically, a purposeful expression on her beautiful features. As she struggled to locate the items on the shelves around the room, her vigorous movements meant that her huge F cups jiggled wildly, and her new tit bells jingled extremely loudly!
This was one rare occasion where the hapless Jasmine did have good luck however, and there was no one else in the store but one anxious and big titted nude exhibitionist.
Reading down the list one-by-one as the chesty slut hurried around the store, it made Jasmine feel even worse realising that some of the items were obviously completely unrelated to toilet cleaning. As an executive at Clean Investments, she had had no qualms about forcing the office juniors to pick up her suit jacket from the dry-cleaner's after office hours, and even on weekends. Now, she was reduced to nothing but a naked joke, having no choice but to run and flop around the cleaning store looking for useless items such as "5 ENVELOPES" and "18 PEBBLES"!
15 minutes later, sweat droplets covering the entirety of her magnificent tanned sextoy body, the naked blonde had successfully gathered up 49 out of the 50 items on the list. As for the last item on the list, it sounded like an illness. Jasmine had looked thrice in the shelf where the antiseptic liquid and other medical supplies were, but there was nothing remotely relevant.
Feeling a thick trail of sweat flowing down between her fake knockers, sliding down her flat tummy before slipping between her widely-parted thighs, Jasmine decided to explain to Maurica that the item was probably not in the room. "Maybe that's the test?" she wondered.
Silently thanking Maurica for not coming back on time, before chastising herself inwardly for even being thankful for anything at all in the humiliating and ridiculous comedy her life now was, Jasmine posed in her favourite position in the middle of the store room, under the watchful eye of the security camera nearby.
But it was ANOTHER 30 MINUTES before Maurica decided to return.
Of course, these were 30 minutes during which the hapless slave had had no choice but to continuously pose awkwardly in the empty store, since she had no idea at all when Maurica would have come back!
"What the fuck, I ran all around the store, for nothing.." Jasmine thought miserably, but of course kept silent.
In fact, Maurica was chatting happily on the phone, and even had the nerve to take a seat on a foldable chair nearby, while the sweaty evenly tanned skank continued exposing her hairless charms for whoever cared to walk in!
It was another blow to Jasmine's ego, to be left nude and exposed and at the mercy of the fat cleaner. But she could do nothing except wait patiently like a good dog.
"Ok, is everything here?" Maurica finally hung up and turned to the naked exhibitionist.
"Urrm, ma'am," Jasmine replied, "I couldn't find this, uh.. Blon.. Det.. Rash? Is this a kind of medicine?"
"Huh?" Maurica asked, sounding confused.
"The last item on the list, ma'am." Jasmine answered.
"Oh, Tom prepared this. Hmm, let me take a look.." Maurica glanced at the piece of paper before bursting out laughing, "Ah!"
"I think.. I think.. It may not be in this room, ma'am?" Jasmine said timidly.
"No, no.. It is. He must have typed it wrongly. The spaces are in the wrong positions!" Maurica said, still chortling.
"Oh.. Erm.." Jasmine stammered.
"Ok, let me show you," Maurica continued, "Come."
Jasmine blushed at being ordered around like a puppy, but obediently padded after Maurica. Her nipple bells jingled happily, clearly audible in the quiet store room.
"There, look!" Maurica said, pointing at a full body mirror, standing upright in the far corner of the room.
"Uh.. I don't understand, ma'am?" Jasmine asked, confused.
"Go take a closer look, you DUMB bitch," Maurica rolled her eyes.
"Oh.." Jasmine stepped in front of the mirror.
Checking the edges to see if there was anything attached to the frame, before peering around the sides of the mirror just in case there was anything placed on the floor, Jasmine was still perplexed.
"I don't know, ma'am?" she asked softly, "I don't see anything.."
"It's not B-L-O-N space D-E-T space R-A-S-H, you bimbo!" Maurica said, laughing, "It's B-L-O-N-D-E space T-R-A-S-H. Which is you, BLONDE TRASH!"
"Oh.." spying her pathetic sweaty form in the mirror, the defeated naked young wife could do nothing but endure the hurtful slur.
"I guess Tom wanted to give you a test, and you failed," Maurica continued, "All the items ARE in this store room, when you're here. Hmm, but I guess the moment you step out of it, there'll be one short. Since you failed, you must truly be blonde trash. Really EMPTY up there, aren't you?"
"I.. I.. Yes.." Jasmine replied helplessly.
Maurica had a good laugh at the big titted slut for a few more minutes.
"Right, ok next. I want you to put everything back on the shelves.. Well, except the blonde trash, of course, that one will be following us around for the day.." Maurica sniggered, "Then, I want you to meet me on the 28th floor. I'll be taking the elevator, but you won't. So, you'll WALK up the service stairs. I'll be waiting for you in the lobby on the 28th floor. I want you there in 15 MINUTES, so chop-chop!"
Feeling the black woman's eyes boring holes in her tanned curvy ass jiggling wildly as the bare bodied Jasmine sprinted back to the area where she had painstakingly laid out the 49 different categories of items on the list, the naked blonde felt truly worthless. Not only had her efforts in locating all the items been for nought, but clearly the exercise in ensuring that she knew where all those supplies were housed exactly in the store was either just for Maurica and Tom's amusement, or evidently unimportant. Maurica had not even bothered checking the items to see if they had been identified correctly!
Of course, the hapless nude woman could do nothing but hurriedly place them back all around the room, while Maurica took a leisurely stroll towards the main door, laughing at her pathetic subservient behaviour.

******************************

"Ooof.. Yelp.. Ow!!" Jasmine shrieked.
The distressed naked woman had been pitter-pattering her way quickly up the endless flights of service stairs, nipple bells chiming cheerfully. But then when she turned the corner onto the landing on the 15th floor, she collided hard with a young muscular man!
The packet of cigarettes flew out of his hand, and the blonde bounced backwards, big jugs flopping.
"Oh, I'm sorry!" the man said, "Wait, what?"
His eyes bulged, as he noticed that the beautiful chesty woman had no clothes on, not even shoes!
"Ow.." Jasmine moaned.
Winded and panting, she lay sprawled on the dusty concrete floor.
"I'm so sorry! Are you ok?" the young man asked worriedly as he hurried over.
What happened next wouldn't have looked out of place in the script of a bad comedy.
Spread-eagle, Jasmine's suddenly realised that her bald puffy gash was fully exposed, diamond ring twinkling. So, desperate to shut her obscenely parted legs, Jasmine tried to shut them.
However, the sudden movement of her thighs caused her right ankle to make sharp contact with the man's leg as he approached her. And in his haste to check up on her, he was already obviously off-balance, so he tripped, falling forwards onto the nude blonde!
The worst part was that, in a bid to stop himself from crushing the poor young exhibitionist, the man stuck out his left hand to try and support his body -- but he missed the concrete flooring completely. Instead, his hand made contact with Jasmine's smooth inner right thigh, but because of how sweaty her entire body was, it slid forward unintentionally.
"Oof!" Jasmine groaned.
Because of the dripping wet slickness all over Jasmine's smooth body, two of the man's fingers had plunged DEEP INTO her shaved pussy!
"Nooooo.." the mortified blonde moaned.
Even more humiliating was the realisation that she was obviously so well-lubricated that his fingers had slipped easily into her, stoppling her like a wine cork.
"No, I'm so sorry. I didn't.." the young man stammered, "I wanted to help.. You're WET. I mean, you're covered in sweat!"
Still off-balance and trying to prevent his body from falling on top of the beautiful woman, he placed his right hand on the concrete floor.
"Urrgh!" he immediately exclaimed, before instinctively removing his hand from the ground quickly.
"OH! OOOOF!" Jasmine shrieked.
It seemed as though the man had touched something dirty on the floor. In his disgust, he had hastily removed his palm and placed it on the nearest object that he could use to continue supporting his weight. But unfortunately for the silicone-enhanced Jasmine, that was her LEFT BOOB!
"Oh no, I'm really really sorry!" apologising profusely, he quickly removed his hand.
Nipple bells tinkling vigorously as a result of being in such close contact with the young man's floundering movements, Jasmine could only blush hot red, lost for words.
"Are you ok? I just wanted to help! I'm so sorry!" he continued.
Jasmine nodded slowly.
"Uh.. Uh.. You.. Your fingers.." she whispered, mortified, "Your fingers.. Are still in.. My.. Puss.. I mean.. My bal.. Bald.. Tanned.. Cu.. Cunt.."
"Oh shit," he exclaimed.
As the man quickly withdrew his left hand, Jasmine blushed profusely over her tanned skin as her sopping wet pussy made an audible "SQUELCH" noise.
"I'm just here for a smoke, I didn't see you running around the corner!" the man continued.
Noticing his eyes clearly glancing down at the glistening lovejuice covering his fingers, Jasmine bowed her head sheepishly.
Then, suddenly, his left hand swung towards the blonde's succulent FKME red lips.
Instinctively, the experienced fake titted skank opened her mouth, obediently waiting for him to stick his fingers -- nicely coated with her own juices -- into her mouth.
But the tasty slick popsicle never came. Humiliated, Jasmine realised that he was actually only pushing himself back to try and get to his feet without touching her, and his hand had simply swung forward for stability!
The young man raised one eye brow, obviously amused by her horny and sexualised behaviour, but extended both his arms towards her.
Blushing, Jasmine took his arms. Pulling herself up slowly, she massaged her stinging hips.
"Why're you running around naked?" he asked, looking slightly embarrassed at her predicament.
"Oh.. I.." Jasmine moaned, "Yes.. I.."
Even though a hot red blush was spreading all over her sweaty skin, the nude woman quickly assumed her favourite position, exposing every inch of her flawless and hairless tanned skin for his viewing pleasure!
"I am.. A bust.. Busty.. Blonde bomb.. Bombshell.. I.. I pierced.. My nip.. Nippies with.. Bells.. And cli.. Clitty with my.. My wed.. Wedding.. Ring.." Jasmine whispered, utterly debased and humiliated.
"Wow.. WOW!" the man gasped, eyes roaming all over her smooth skin.
Fixating on the shaved pussy being exhibited blatantly between Jasmine's legs, he repeated, "Are you.. An exhibitionist? Why are you running around naked?"
"I.. No.. No.. I'm just here for.. Train.. Training.." Jasmine answered.
She wondered what he must think of her. Not only was she completely naked and barefoot in the publicly-accessible stairway, but she was now exhibiting herself in such a lewd position. It was as though she was desperately hoping for someone to take a look at her silicone-enhanced tits and bald twat!
Out of the corner of her eyes, Jasmine spied an obviously WET patch on the concrete flooring, clearly indicating where her sweat-drenched busty body had fallen on the dirty and dusty ground.
"I'm interning here.. It's my first week and I just wanted to get some work done in advance over the weekend.. But WOW, am I glad I came!" the young man continued.
"Uh.. uh.." Jasmine mumbled.
Getting nervous, the big titted blonde was unsure how to begin telling the young man that she was on a schedule -- her naked body had been due 14 floors up almost 10 minutes ago!
"Did you say that was your.. Wedding ring?" he asked, "You're.. Married? But still running around the office nude and barefoot?"
"Jasmine.. Is a.. Chea.. Cheating.. Married.. Whor.. Whore.." trembling, Jasmine forced herself to utter the self-deprecating words as per Nicolette's orders.
"Wow, this is certainly new.." he trailed off, "Hang on."
He pulled out his cell phone, and Jasmine could do nothing but remain in the exposed erotic favourite position, allowing him to snap countless pictures of her worthless nude form, including, of course, many close-ups of her plastic tits and hairless pussy!
"Well I don't know if this is a joke or a prank, but I don't really care. Anyway, off you go, and thanks for the view!" the young man laughed.
"Thank you.. Sir.." Jasmine said, relieved.
Just as she turned towards the stairs leading to the 16th floor, he spanked her HARD on her juicy tanned butt!
"Yeow!" the hapless blonde exclaimed.
She could hear him laughing loudly as she bounded quickly up the stairs.
It was only a few seconds later that Jasmine realised that, in her enthusiasm, sprinting up two steps at a time meant that her pussy would flash clearly and openly pink to whoever was lucky enough to be standing behind her!
Blushing, the humiliated naked young wife could do nothing but continue hurrying up the stairs, where more indignities no doubt awaited her sexy busty body.

******************************
A few minutes later, panting and exhausted, Jasmine finally reached the 29th floor.
Peering out of the door to check if there was anyone there, she was relieved to see that the corridor appeared empty, apart from Maurica, who was seated on one of the sofa chairs in the lobby.
"That was almost 30 minutes, what took you so long?" the plump supervisor asked menacingly.
"I.. I.." Jasmine stammered, chest heaving hard from the climb, "I.. Bump.. Bumped.. Into someone.. On the stairs.."
"Oh? Why are you so dirty? Did you immediately lie back on the ground and let them fuck you?" Maurica asked quizzically, one eyebrow raised.
Catching a glimpse of her pathetic reflection in the silvery walls, Jasmine felt herself begin to tear.
She looked completely frazzled, her platinum blonde bun in a mess and there were many strands of hair plastered to her sticky face. But despite her exhaustion and humiliation, the helpless tramp forced herself to stand upright in her favourite position, afraid of what Nicolette would say or do if she happened to be watching her slave's embarrassing exploits through the security cameras.
"No.. No.. I fell.. He wanted.. Pictures.." Jasmine whispered.
"And what did you do?" Maurica continued, "You let him touch you all over, clearly?
Sweat was clearly DRIPPING off her magnificent curves. Worse still, not only was the entirety of the back of her body dirty and dusty as a result of her unceremonious fall onto the concrete landing just a few minutes ago, but there was also a very clear HAND PRINT on her left boob!
"I.." the mortified blonde replied, "I.. Just let.. Let him take the pictures.."
"Well, judging from Tom's collection, you sure do like being photographed naked.." Maurica laughed.
"Uh.." Jasmine didn't know what to say.
The fat black woman rolled her eyes at the wanton bare-bodied whore.
"Ok, let's go. This is the directors' floor. The general schedule for each day is to clean the toilets, beginning from the upper floors and slowly moving downwards. Clear?" Maurica said, turning and walking quickly down the corridor.
Nipple bells tinkling happily, Jasmine followed hurriedly. She was certainly hoping that no one would open any of the doors along the corridor, or else they would get a first-hand introduction to her naked delights, completely exposed in the office building!
"Yes.. Ma'am," she responded subserviently.
"We'll be using a couple of the different kinds of toilets in the building as examples today, because we need to get your dumb blonde skull familiarised with what you should do for each," Maurica continued matter-of-factly, "Now, on the executive's floor, everyone has their own bathroom. One of the rooms is empty, so we'll use that. Apparently, the lady just had a promotion and she hasn't shifted her things in yet."
"Senior Partner & Director of Regional Sales". A wave of impotent anger washed over Jasmine, and the blonde gritted her teeth as she read the name and title engraved on the small freshly minted plaque beside the door.
It was NICOLETTE'S new office!
Apparently, her blackmailer and owner had just gotten a promotion in the company, while she had been reduced to nothing but a shameless toilet cleaner whose favourite hobby was parading around in the buff. Worse still, Jasmine felt another pang of humiliation, realising that SHE would be the one cleaning Nicolette's private toilet, in order to warmly welcome the young senior partner into her new and respectable role!
Of course, the sweaty and evenly tanned naked woman could do nothing but follow Maurica obediently into the office.
Jasmine couldn't help glaring as she scanned the spacious room, eyeing the mahogany bookshelves lining the walls and the large polished desk enviously. It was huge! The furniture did seem rather sparse at the moment, but the generous real estate only served to emphasise Nicolette's importance to the company.
"Keep your eyes to yourself, you STUPID cunt!" Maurica suddenly raised her voice.
"Oh.." Jasmine mumbled, but could only reply softly and powerlessly, "Sorry, ma'am.."
"Especially when it comes to the executive floor, you should make it a point to focus ONLY ON cleaning the toilets. Confidential information is extremely important to Stuls, and we're given strict instructions not to touch anything that we're not supposed to. You hear me?" Maurica continued fiercely, "I don't want to be getting into trouble, and I'm sure neither does Tom, if your USELESS bimbo brain releases any information that you came across while cleaning, if you're fucking some stranger or whatever!"
"Um.. Yes.. Yes, ma'am.." Jasmine replied.
She felt worthless and small. Just a few months ago, Jasmine had been a trusted and key member of a famous investment firm, and nobody would have even though about questioning her integrity. But of course that had all changed, she remembered sadly. All she was now was a useless toilet cleaner. Naturally, anyone would be worried about an airhead like her spewing out confidential information once she got horny or caught sight of a tasty big dick!
"That's the toilet. Come." Maurica gestured to the naked woman disdainfully.

******************************
On her hands and knees on the cold black marble flooring, Jasmine was scrubbing obediently.
"I'm headed out for lunch, and I want this to be spick and span by the time I return. By the way, this is a new toilet, and it's only made for one. So, the cleaning is nothing too complicated. But I want to be sure that you've been absorbing everything that I've been trying to get across, so I want you to try this out first. When you're done with the toilet, continue with the cleaning of the main office. We'll proceed with the toilets on the lower floors, which are larger and sometimes open to the public, later," Maurica had said, before walking out of Nicolette's new office happily.
That was 15 minutes ago. Now, the completely naked big titted slut, dangling juicy knockers almost touching the cold floor, was focused on using her precious soft hands to ensure that the floor of Nicolette's new toilet was shiny and clean.
Jasmine felt completely worthless and humiliated. The poor blonde's hopes of having any semblance of a bright future had been extinguished entirely thanks to the evil brunette, and her updated repertoire of skills was being able to shave her naked tanned body cleanly until she was completely devoid of stubble from the neck down, and being able to ride a man reverse cowgirl with her hands holding on to the back of her high bun for a continuous 10 minutes. Now, she thought miserably, at least she would be able to add TOILET CLEANING to the impressive list.
"KNOCK-KNOCK". There was a sharp tapping on the door of Nicolette's office.
Jasmine jumped to her feet, unsure what she should do.
The toilet door had been left upon, as Maurica had ordered, so her naked delights were completely visible from the main office if anyone walked in!
As usual, there was no respite from the bad luck for the butt naked skank, and the door burst open.
"Uh.. uh.." Jasmine stammered.
Two burly men stood in the corridor, staring open-mouthed at her silicone melons and shaved pussy!
"WOW!" one of them exclaimed, "I'm Jackson and this is Rakesh. We're delivering furniture to this office, for Miss Nicolette?"
"Urm.. Yes.. This is the office.." Jasmine murmured.
"You're butt ass naked! What's going on?" Rakesh hollered from the corridor.
"Oh.." Jasmine replied, blushing, "I am a busty.. Blonde.. Bomb.. Bombshell.. I pierced my nip.. Nippies with bells.. And clitty.. With my wed.. Wedding.. Ring.."
The two men exchanged mischievous looks.
"Come here, let us have a better look at you," Jackson ordered.
Humiliated but helpless, the busty slut jiggled her curvy body over, nipple bells jingling cheerfully.
Jackson and Rakesh's eyes bulged, as the shameless exhibitionist not only willingly walked over to give them a better view of her naked and barefoot form, but she also stood there, blushing hot red, with her hands on her head and her legs spread wide!
"How's the toilet cleaning going?" Jackson continued with a smirk.
"How did he know I was a toilet cleaner?" Jasmine wondered.
However, she replied subserviently, "Busy.. Please.. Sirs.. When you're done enjoy.. Enjoying my body.. Please let me.. Continue.."
"Yeah, yeah, go. Nothing much to enjoy about your cheap and dirty slut body, anyway," Jackson said dismissively.
Jasmine felt her ego deflate further. Just a few months ago, these two lowlifes could only have dreamt of seeing her flesh, but now, SHE was the one blatantly exhibiting her huge breasts and silky smooth cunt to them, only to be chastised and dismissed casually!
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.

As though right on cue, just as the beautiful woman turned her back on the two workmen, intending to hurry back to continue her menial tasks, her tit rings and clithood barbell began VIBRATING EXTREMELY HARD again.
It was just like this morning, when she could not control her lust, and had uncontrollably played with her clit like a wanton slut in heat right in front of the Uber driver!
"Oh.." Jasmine moaned, trying to twist her legs from side to side to prevent the ball of the barbell from pressing against her rapidly stiffening clit.
Naturally, the blonde failed miserably, and all her efforts did were to cause her juicy ass to jiggle from side to side, giving Jackson and Rakesh a good show. It was as though she was intentionally catwalking away from them in a seductive manner.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
The vibrations showed no sign of stopping, and Jasmine dropped to her hands and knees again, trying to pretend like she was scrubbing the smooth black marble flooring of Nicolette's toilet.
"No.. Oh.." quavering from arousal, the hapless naked woman stretched her hands upwards in front of her.
Jasmine squeezed her inner thighs together while instinctively parting her calves and toes. Almost in a wide-knee-child-pose, her smooth hairless twat was brazenly pointed towards the open toilet door.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
Unable to resist any longer, Jasmine thrust her right hand between her legs.
Jackson and Rakesh, who had just re-entered the main office carrying Nicolette's new comfortable high-backed leather chair, were thus treated to the magnificent sight of Jasmine's bright red nails moving in circles between her parted thighs.
It was plain that the naked blonde was masturbating shamelessly, and the reflective toilet flooring meant that her twinkling diamond ring was just as obviously visible for their viewing pleasure!
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"HEY! STOP! NO PLAYING WITH YOURSELF!" Rakesh shouted suddenly.
"No.. No.." Jasmine groaned.
Consumed with lust, the needy whore continued diddling her clit.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Oh.. Oh.. OHHHH!" Jasmine shrieked.
Someone had just given her a hard kick on her bouncy ass, causing her to lurch forward. For the second time today, the hapless hussy found herself naked and sprawled on the ground. This time though, she was face-down.
"If you're so horny.. I heard exercise helps to relieve some of that pent-up sluttiness," Jackson said.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"No, please.. I need.." Jasmine tried to reach between her legs from under her body again.
She knew that her behaviour was completely indecent and wanton, but all the oversexed slut could think of was the fire in her shaved female centre!
"Nooooo.." Jasmine groaned as the two men pulled her to her feet using her elbows, forcing her hands away from her moist slit.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"I said, no playing with yourself, you DUMB bimbo!" Rakesh repeated.
"Please.. No.. I'm so fucking horny.. I need.. Need to.. Cum.. Cum.. Please.. Sirs.." Jasmine moaned, a perfect picture of a slut in heat.
"Get the fuck up!" Rakesh continued.
The two strong men dragged her nude sextoy body to the main office.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Urrgh.." all Jasmine could do was hunch over, hands trembling.
It was taking all of her willpower to resist the urge to reach back down between her legs and diddle her red hot clit again!
"JUMPING JACKS. GO!" Rakesh ordered.
"Huh.." the blonde remained hunched over, waves of arousal continuing to surge through her body.
"I SAID, DO JUMPING JACKS. NOW!" he repeated angrily.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Urrgh.." Jasmine murmured.
The sweaty tanned exhibitionist forced herself to place her slim arms vertically above her head, and began to do extremely wide and humiliating jumping jacks as ordered.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
Jackson and Rakesh did have a point, Jasmine realised. Her aching calves and her focus on spreading her legs shamelessly wide while bouncing her voluptuous form up and down did serve as a good distraction from the merciless vibrations inside her clithood.
Grinning, the two men continued manoeuvring a large sofa through the main door of Nicolette's main office.
BZZ. PIAK. TINKLE. TINKLE. PIAK. BZZ.

Slapping her bare palms hard against each other every time she was at the "clap and spread" position, the horny bimbo was doing everything she could to take her mind off of the incessant buzzing between her legs.
There was a trade-off, however, as the vigorous movements only made Jasmine's nipple bells tinkle even louder. Blushing, the evenly tanned naked woman realised that it was as though she was intentionally jingling her pierced fake tits at the two movers, and the chiming could probably be heard from outside the office since the main door was open!
BZZ. PIAK. TINKLE. TINKLE. PIAK. BZZ.
"Ok, BURPES. NOW!" Jackson shouted loudly at the mortified blonde.
Sweat dripping off her delicious curves, Jasmine obediently placed her hands by her side.
She dropped down forwards, using her palms to support her voluptuous body, but her huge silicone tits, protruding and perky, were so large that they grazed the carpet of Nicolette's new office.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
Pushing herself off the ground, the humiliated nude young wife jumped high in the air, nipple bells jingling cheerfully while she exposed every inch of her evenly tanned skin to the entire office.
Worse still, she realised that every single time her teats brushed against the rough carpet, the tit bells would tinkle EXTREMELY loudly due to the rapid contact!
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.

******************************
"Wow, what is going on here?" Maurica asked, trying to hide a laugh.
Having returned from her lunch, the plump cleaner had realised that the main door to the office was open. Puzzled and wondering if the naked blonde tart had gotten bored due to a lack of exposure and had decided to parade around other parts of the building in order to show off her assets, Maurica entered the room.
She first noticed the two men methodically adjusting the placement of a sofa that they had obviously just shifted into the room. Then, Maurica caught sight of the new toilet cleaner trainee, completely naked and barefoot as usual, but now performing energetic burpees in the middle of the room!
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
There was silence for a few seconds, aside from the slut's ragged breathing, and the bells on the whore's tits jingled audibly due to her vigorous movements.
"Hey, I'm Jackson, and this is Rakesh," Jackson finally spoke, "Could we have a quick word? It's rather important."
"Yeah sure.." Maurica said, eyes lingering on the hapless naked blonde happily jiggling her bare body for the viewing pleasure of everyone in the room.
"YOU, JUMPING JACKS, NOW!" Jackson shouted loudly at the poor busty woman.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
Her audience gathered in the far corner of the room and began discussing something animatedly.
Humiliated, the big titted Jasmine could do nothing but continue performing the naked exercises, spreading her lovely curvy form even though no one cared to look at her.
Her moist pussy was practically leaking, and her legs were trembling from the arousal. Fighting the urge to start frigging her cheap cunt again, the worthless whore continued bouncing up and down.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Owner..", "This director..", "Sofa..", "Orders..", "Anything you want..", "Miss Nicolette..", "No choice..", "Try it out..", "Exhibitionist..", "Brainless..", "Cheap.." and "Whore.." were just some of the snippets that Jasmine heard.
Jackson and Rakesh were gesturing around the room, pointing at the security cameras, and Jasmine was under no illusions about what they were discussing so gleefully. Clearly, Nicolette had clued her movers in to her slave's predicament!
Utterly embarrassed but helpless and unable to do anything at being discussed like a cheap object, Jasmine continued "clapping and spreading" and "closing and resting".
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
The humiliating thoughts about her reality -- how far she had fallen, from once being a respected young executive, to a silicone-enhanced sextoy who was being ignored by cleaners and movers alike despite being completely naked and exposed -- was too much for the naked slut to handle.
Rushing over to the small group like a manic whore desperate for cock, Jasmine squatted down, spreading her evenly tanned shapely thighs a 180 degrees wide.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"What are you doing?!" Maurica exclaimed.
The oversexed blonde had only one thought on her mind though, and swiftly reached her experienced fingers down to her engorged clit, rubbing furiously.
"Please, sirs.." the horny cumdump moaned.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Please fuck this useless whore hard.. Please give me your hard cocks.. Let me ride you, let me take both cocks at once. I love being double penetrated.." Jasmine cooed.
Jackson and Rakesh grinned at each other.
"Stick your big, big cock in this wet shaved slit.. I will suck off the other cock.. Milk you to the last drop with both holes.." Jasmine continued seductively.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"I'm dripping wet.. Please.. Fuck me.. Fuck me hard.." the once-proud nude woman continued begging the two workmen.
Then suddenly the vibrations STOPPED.
"No!! No.. Please.. I need to cum!!" Jasmine shrieked like a brainless bimbo.
"Your hands are free. What should you be doing?" Maurica asked menacingly.
Somewhere in the blonde's useless mind, it registered that Maurica had obviously been clued in to her orders for the day as well, thanks to Jackson and Rakesh.
"I heard you're supposed to be doing something very specific, when your hands are free.. SO GET THE FUCK UP, CUNT!" Maurica suddenly screamed at the trembling slave.
Defeated, Jasmine slowly pushed herself up and assumed the erotic favourite position.
She could now see that Rakesh was holding his phone, and he tapped the screen, smirking.
BZZ. TINKLE.

"OOF!" Jasmine moaned.
Her tit rings and clithood barbell had pulsed once.
"Oh.." Jasmine let out an inadvertent sigh.
Finally realising why her new intimate jewellery had been vibrating at such an ill-timed moment, a deep red blush forming all over her tanned skin, Jasmine felt completely debased and small.
Nicolette had probably allowed the two movers to control the vibrations of her tit bells and clit piercing,
In college, the self-obsessed beautiful blonde had broken up with an ex-boyfriend because he had ONCE failed to bring her to a toe-curling orgasm after jizzing into her moist slit. Now, her sexual arousal was nothing but form of AMUSEMENT for whoever Nicolette saw fit to share her slave-toy with! The worse part was knowing, once again, that she naturally had no say in the matter at all.
"Miss Nicolette was actually expecting a.. Thomas? No, Tom. Yes, she was actually expecting Tom to be here, but she did tell us that if we weren't able to get in contact with him, we should hand her number to the slut and ORDER her to convey it to her trainer," Jackson was saying, "But anyway, just do what you have to do with the skank as you see fit, for the rest of the day. You can contact Miss Nicolette when you're done!"
Jasmine could do nothing but stand there, exposed, miserable and humiliated, as she was discussed like a common household object. She could feel a trickle of her lovejuice sliding down her bald pussy and down her smooth legs, mixing with the sweat and dirt covering her beautiful body.
"By the way, dumb cunt," Jackson said, turning to the pathetic naked exhibitionist, "Why would anyone want to fuck you, or even touch you? You're CHEAP, SWEATY and FILTHY!"

******************************
A few hours and plenty of slurs and insults about Jasmine's inferior role in society later, Maurica and the naked blonde were finally in the huge women's washroom on the 10th floor.
Jasmine was exhausted and drenched in sweat. She could almost smell the stench of dirt and grime all over her, feeling icky and disgusting.
Catching a sight of her good-for-nothing reflection in the mirror nearby, she instinctively lowered her eyes. Beads of sweat covered her voluptuous body, but that was not all. Large smatterings of dirt were everywhere, from her juicy butt cheeks to her taut flat stomach, and even on her forehead! Her platinum blonde bun was definitely not tight any longer, and countless strands of hair had fallen out, sticking to her wet sweaty bare skin.
"This is the 10th floor, where the largest meeting room is," Maurica explained, casting a disdainful eye at Jasmine's all-over golden brown tan skin.
"Yes, ma'am.." Jasmine replied.
Her calves were aching. In fact, her ENTIRE BODY was aching. For the arrogant blonde, who had once refused to take a seat at Starbucks because she had caught sight of a pair of cleaners sitting at the same table a few minutes prior, being forced to undertake menial and manual labour was a whole new level of degradation.
Dirty and sweaty, she felt completely worthless. Worse still, thanks to her chief tormentor, she had been forced to beg to work NAKED throughout the day, like a primitive slave!
"So, you'll start with -- " Maurica began, but then the door to the washroom burst open.
"Oh my god, your tits are out!" exclaimed the pretty young blonde who had just walked in.
Having previously been completely exposed, posing in her favourite position while she took her orders from Maurica, Jasmine had instinctively slapped one hand over her huge boobs and the other over her hairless pussy, mouth in a big shocked 'O'.
"Oh, no. You're naked! Wow!" the woman continued in a whiny voice, eyes bulging.
She was smartly dressed in a grey pant suit and staring wide-eyed at Jasmine. For some reason, she seemed oddly familiar.
"Er.. Erm.." even Maurica seemed lost for words.
"What's going on? Why are you naked here!" the young woman said, obviously shocked.
"I am a.. Busty.. Blonde bombshell.. I pierced my nippies.. With bells.. And.. And clit.. Clitty with my.. Wed.. Wedding ring.." the slutty brazen exhibitionist mumbled.
Helpless, all Jasmine could do was obey Nicolette's "pre-programmed" orders like an obedient whorish robot. She was almost missing having her tormentor being physically there to order her around, because at least it would make her seem less of a willing initiator of her own humiliation and exhibitionism. Now, due to the way that she was being forced to behave, no one would have any doubts about how determined she was to expose her own naked body, as though she was desperate for attention and degradation!
"Wow! You don't want to put clothes on?" the new visitor to the washroom asked.
Jasmine felt a tinge of annoyance. The young woman sounded like a brainless bimbo.
Then, the reality of the situation hit her hard, and a fresh wave of humiliation washed over her. At least the woman had clothes on, unlike the slutty tart who was proudly standing there exposed in her favourite position in the public washroom, showing off her big tits and shaved pussy.
"Hmm.." Maurica suddenly spoke up, sounding worried, "I'm the supervisor, but she refused to put clothes on. I'm so sorry that you had to see this, ma'am."
In her desperation not to get into trouble, the fat cleaner was reiterating Jasmine's OWN CHOICE to be an immoral exhibitionist, the poor nude woman realised!
"Oh, really? Wow! Are you sure? Don't you want to put clothes on? I mean, anyone could see you!" the pretty young blonde asked, in her irritatingly high-pitched voice.
"Um.. Yes.. Yes.." Jasmine answered, blushing, "I want.. To.. Work.. Na.. Naked.."
"Wooo!" despite her smart clothes, the ditzy young woman catcalled at the naked big titted Jasmine, like a sorority girl.
Jasmine, a slight frown on her face as she continued trying to figure out why the blonde woman looked so familiar, didn't answer.
"Ok, ok.. I'll leave you to it," she continued, winking, "But let me get some pictures, for posterity! You have a beautiful body, by the way!"

******************************
It soon became clear why the attractive young blonde looked so familiar.
After much strenuous cleaning, and plenty of crawling on the floor like an obedient dog, in order to reach every nook and cranny of the publicly-accessible toilet, Jasmine had exited the washroom, subserviently following behind Maurica and completely naked and barefoot as usual.
The hapless exhibitionist was immediately greeted by raucous laughter.
"It IS her! I told you so!" the young blonde from earlier said shrilly.
There were 5 people standing in the main lobby, pointing at her pathetic exposed form and cheering!
"Oh my god, yes, it's JUGGY JAS! And she's not only walking around the washroom naked, she's actually cleaning it! Look at how DIRTY and SWEATY she is!" another pretty woman, this one with strawberry blonde locks, said.
"Yeah, and wow, she really has no shame, she even dares to walk around the LOBBY naked! What a filthy slut.." a young man continued the insults.
Horrified and utterly humiliated, Jasmine had first recognised the strawberry blonde. Then, something clicked in her tired brain, and Jasmine finally remembered why the pretty young woman, from earlier in the washroom, looked so familiar -- she was Janny!
Janny, and Michelle, the strawberry blonde, had been interns at Clean Investments two years ago. To say that Jasmine had treated them poorly was an understatement. Determined to make a name for herself at the firm, she had definitely not shied from criticizing and scolding the two younger women loudly in the office. In fact, Jasmine had even managed to convince Human Resources that their performance had been so underwhelming that they did not deserve an official certification from Clean Investments that they had completed their internship requirements.
But now, the former executive was completely naked and barefoot, sweat dripping off her succulent melons, while Michelle and Janny stood there smartly dressed, along with another 3 of her former subordinates from her old company!
Knowing full well that there were at least 2 security cameras trained on her worthless form, Jasmine could do nothing but continue posing in her exposed favourite position.
As expected, her former colleagues pulled out their phones to document her humiliation permanently.
"I always knew she was JUGGY, but her tits look even bigger now, don't they!" Liyi, a Chinese woman, said.
"Do you think it's just because of the bells on them?" Michelle replied.
The group burst out laughing at the pathetic naked blonde's expense.
"Hey, Juggy Jas, are those juicy melons fake?!" Jonas, one of the men, queried crudely.
The degraded and sweaty nude woman -- impotent anger welling up within her, just realising what her nickname amongst her former subordinates was -- had no choice but to whisper back helplessly, "Yes.. My boob.. I mean.. These are.. Pierce.. Pierced fa.. Fake.. Fake fun.. Funbags.."
"Holy shit, who knew she was such an exhibitionist slut, huh!" Janny shouted loudly.
"Well, I guess I kind of always knew. I mean, an airhead BIMBO like her would never have gotten anywhere near partnership at Clean Investments without using her body! Now we know, she actually loves showing it off PUBLICLY. What a tease!" Michelle answered, beaming.
"Why are you naked?" Liyi asked.
"Uh.. Uh.." Jasmine stammered, completely debased and humiliated, "I am.. A bust.. Busty.. Blon.. Blonde bomb.. Bombshell.. I pierced.. Pierced.. My nippies.. With.. With bell.. Bells.. And cli.. Clit.. Clitty with my.. Wedding.. Wedding.. Ring.."
All this while, the cameras from group's phones remained trained on her exposed form as she posed in her favourite position, big fake tits thrust out and bald pussy spread wide, while she uttered the self-deprecating words.
"Wow, fuck! So that's her wedding ring! Juggy Jas is truly full of surprises.." the last remaining member of the group, Sebas, exclaimed.
"Why on earth would you put your wedding ring on your clit? Oh my god, you're really a filthy exhibitionist aren't you, standing there so shamelessly!" Michelle was obviously enjoying the naked Jasmine's embarrassment.
"Because.. Because.." Jasmine answered, barely audible, "Jasmine.. Jasmine.. Is a chea.. Cheat.. Cheating.. Married.. Who.. Whore.."
Realizing that she had just revealed her adulterous exploits to her former colleagues, Jasmine wanted to dig a hole in the ground and cover herself up.
However, glancing around the brightly lit lobby, the sweaty and tired blonde could see multiple security cameras directed at her. So, cursing Nicolette in her head, Jasmine forced herself to remain exposed in her favourite position. She knew that she could never, in a million years, allow her incestuous deeds to come to light. It would ruin Eddie!
"I fucking knew it! This slut probably climbed the corporate ladder by getting on her knees!" Michelle hollered.
"She's obviously an experienced exhibitionist. Look, there are no tan lines on her at all! She probably used to run all over Clean Investments completely naked. No wonder the bosses seemed to like her so much.." Liyi said.
"You're married but you still wear your wedding ring on your clit? Is that some fetish of yours, you cheating slut?" Michelle continued her interrogation of the hapless Jasmine.
"Uh.. Well.." Jasmine whimpered, "Because.. This horn.. Horny.. Adul.. Adulterous married.. Whor.. Whore.. Got lazy to.. Remo.. Remove my.. My.. Wed.. Wedding.. Ring when.. When I cheat.. Cheat on.. On my.. Husband.. Dail.. Daily.. So I decided.. To.. To.. Atta.. Attach it.. To my.. To my.. Cli.. Clit.. Clitty.."
"How does that fucking Nicolette have a plan for everything!!" she screamed inwardly.
But she had bigger problems, as her humiliating and shameless confessions were being recorded in full on the group's phones!
"Hey, sorry to take up so much of your time," Janny said, turning to Maurica.
The plump black cleaner had obviously been enjoying the comedy unfolding at Jasmine's expense as well, and replied jovially, "No worries at all! You know, she BEGGED to work naked this morning. Yeah, I found her downstairs, legs spread wide, trying to seduce my boss. And then she REFUSED to put on clothes!"
Her former colleagues had a good laugh at that.
Winking at the group, Maurica suddenly turned to the naked slave and spoke, "Hey, I think it would be best if you put on clothes, JIZZMINE. This is a respectable place of business, and you can't be running around in such a skanky manner.."
"Urm.. Urm.." Jasmine mumbled, "But.."
Security cameras and phone cameras remaining trained on Jasmine, the poor blonde was trapped. Having to choose between actively volunteering to continue to show off her nudity off like an experienced randy exhibitionist and allowing her sweet secrets with Eddie to come to light was an extremely tough choice -- but of course there was really only one option for the huge titted sextoy.
"Please.." she began begging.
It was another blow to what little remained of the formerly proud Jasmine's ego.
"Please.. Ma'ams.. Sirs.. I nee.. I need.. I mean.. I want.. Wa.. Want to.. Work.. Na.. Nak.. Naked.. Please.. Ma'am.. Ma'ams and.. Sirs.. Please.. Let me.. Allow me.. I want.. To.. Wor.. Work.. Naked.." she pleaded, barely audible.
Once an authoritative supervisor, who had even chastised Janny fiercely in front of the entire department just for forgetting to wear her suit jacket to a meeting with a client, Jasmine knew full well that all former subordinates would see, whenever they looked at her pathetic form from now on, was a shameless exhibitionist determined to ensure as much exposure of her naked delights as possible.
"WOW. Am I glad that I decided to accompany you here to get things ready for the merger meetings next week!" Michelle hi-fived Janny.
"Let's make sure the whole department gets the videos, yeah!" Liyi said loudly, "Oh, actually, send your videos to me first. I'll do some editing to make it even more funny!"
"Well.." Janny, despite being a true ditz, had caught on quickly to Maurica's intentions.
"I, personally, don't think you should go around naked," she continued saying snidely to the helpless Jasmine, "Not everyone here is as desperate and sex-deprived as you. I know you've lost your job at Clean Investments, probably because your cunt became too LOOSE, but.. Don't you think that as an employee of Stuls Corporation, it's just wrong to appear like a completely naked and dirty tramp? What if the merger gets called off?"
"Um.. Um.." Jasmine didn't know what to say, blushing hot red at being chided by the former intern.
"I mean.. It's not right, and you should have more self-respect than that!" Janny continued, obviously feeling empowered by her former boss' complete lack of clothing and ability to fight back.
"No.. Please.." Jasmine could only moan powerlessly, "Please.. Ma'am.. I want.. I need.. I need to.. Work.. Nake.. Naked.."
The naked Jasmine watched apprehensively as the group's cameras continued rolling, attention directed fully on her fake silicone jugs and bald cunt.
"Hey, hey, come over," Liyi ordered her former supervisor casually.
The sweaty and dirty blonde could do nothing but jiggle her voluptuous form over to the petite young Chinese woman.
To her horror, Liyi, grinning wickedly, inserted her left ring finger RIGHT INTO Jasmine's twinkling ring band!
Even though the ring shank was blocked slightly by the smaller ball of the curved barbell -- which was now, thanks to Nicolette's devilish ideas from the night before, fused with the mortified blonde's silvery band -- Liyi's dainty fingers were much slimmer than Jasmine's, so it slipped smoothly into the gap.
"Babe, what do you think?" Liyi was saying to Sebas, with a wink.
Once again, it was a fresh form of indignity for Jasmine. Blushing at the soft tug on her clithood, the naked slave could do nothing but stand there helplessly in her favourite position, completely exposed.
Not only was her former subordinate's finger WEARING her expensive and precious wedding ring, but the young girl was also using it to flirt with her boyfriend while the rest of the group, laughing loudly, admired the diamond jewellery now crudely attached like a joke to her sensitive shaved pussy!
"Looks good, I think. Don't worry, I get the hint!" Sebas replied, grinning.
"Come, help me get some good shots, bae!" Liyi beckoned.
"Oh.. Please.. No.." Jasmine moaned.
Unsurprisingly, the hapless blonde's pleas were completely ignored.
Utterly humiliated, Jasmine remained in her favourite position powerlessly, hands behind her head and legs spread wide, while the group of young Clean Investments employees -- and HER FORMER SUBORDINATES -- used her evenly tanned hairless pussy as the backdrop for some artistic pictures of Liyi's slim fingers wearing Jasmine's wedding ring.

Worse still, as the group continued their loud discussion on whether they should grant their former boss HER wish of continuing to roam the posh office building butt naked, Janny and Michelle decided to join in the fun.
As the girls posed happily with the slave's diamond ring on their soft fingers, countless photographic records of Jasmine's ridiculous clit jewellery and bald pussy were cruelly saved onto their phones. But all the impotent and vulnerable blonde could do was jiggle her silicone melons between the young women, so that they could each get as many chances, to try on her wedding ring for the cameras, as they wanted. It was as though they were passing around a bottle of salt -- except that it was Jasmine's big titted sextoy body that was communal property!
******************************
Jasmine continued bouncing up and down obediently, even though a permanent embarrassed blush covered her beautiful features.
She was completely naked and barefoot, now on the first floor of the posh office building.
Even though the area was typically deserted on a Saturday, the main lobby was still brightly lit, not to mention that the glass windows were full length, so every inch of her flawless skin would clearly be visible from outside the building, even from the parking lot!
But of course, as her former subordinates had ordered, the hapless nude slut continued doing extremely vigorous JUMPING JACKS.
The worst part was that she had to clench her inner pussy muscles tight, gripping onto the tiny folds of paper which had been inserted deep into her once-private smooth area by a gleeful Janny, in order to prevent them from slipping out of her.
Her evenly tanned skin sticky from stale sweat and dirt, the poor blonde could feel a fresh sheen beginning to form from her exertions.
A few minutes passed, but for the pathetic bouncing Jasmine and her jingling tit bells, it felt like an eternity. Her calves were aching badly, and she heaved a sigh of relief at the sight of her next "victim", but continued her energetic jumping jacks as ordered.
"Uh.. Hi?" the pizza delivery boy said, mouth agape.
"Hell.. Hello.." panting, Jasmine continued spreading and clapping repeatedly, her nipple bells a constant reminder of how ridiculous she looked.
"Er.. I have a delivery for a.. Naked.. Sl.. Slut?" the pimpled teen murmured.
"Ye.. Yes.. That.. Is.. Me.." her huge 36F fake tits bouncing up and down painfully, Jasmine responded.
"Oh.. I thought it was a joke. But well, I mean.. As in.. I mean.. Not that you're a naked.. Slut.. I mean.. You're naked.. Anyway.. I guess this is the right place," the boy stammered.
"Ye.. Yes.. Please.. Place.. The.. Box.. Boxes.. On.. The.. Coun.. Count.. Counter.. Tha.. Thank.. You.."
Despite being an active former cheerleader and current expert cock rider, it was extremely hard for the jiggling blonde to continue speaking in a level voice while clenching her cunt muscles tightly AND maintaining her perfect jumping jacks!
"Ok, sure," the delivery boy replied, not taking his eyes off of the walking wet dream's huge succulent melons and completely clean shaven slit.
"Than.. Thank.. You.. Please.. Co.. Come.. Over.." Jasmine whispered, panting hard.
"Uh.." he said, inching forward towards the beautiful naked woman.
"You.. Your.. Tip.. Tip.. Here.. Is.. Here.."
Blushing hot red and completely degraded, Jasmine was following her orders -- given to her by a triumphant Janny and Michelle -- to a T.
"Oh.. Where?" the boy asked, confused and blushing hard at her predicament.
Nipples tinkling extremely audibly, the big titted pierced slut performed one last perfect jumping jack and swallowed hard.
Sitting her juicy ass down on the floor, Jasmine reached both hands high above her head, before spreading her legs wide. It was as though she was silently inviting the young teenager to have a good look at her shaved pussy, completely devoid of hair, and gaping wide for his viewing pleasure.
Completing the coup de grace, Jasmine mumbled, "In.. In.. My.. Bal.. Bald.. Tan.. Tanned.. Cunt.. Please.. Tak.. Take.. It.."
A few minutes later, a very disgraced naked blonde, a sheen of sweat making her delicious all-over tan even more obvious, was obediently following a laughing Michelle towards the elevator.
"Well.. Well.. I think we have a strong candidate for comedy video of the year at the next Clean Investments annual dinner and dance!"
Giggling cheerfully, the former subordinate was replaying the perfectly recorded footage of Jasmine degrading herself in the main lobby with the delivery boy, while the humiliated servile busty slut jiggled after her, heavily laden with the load of both the small tripod stand and the warm pizza boxes.