The dirty duo made their way carefully to the nearest clothing store. They didn't pay much attention to which one they were wandering into, preoccupied as they were with trying to walk without sloshing their various foodstuffs around more than was strictly necessary.
'Whose bloody idea was this?' Lucy asked, grinning as she walked bow-legged across the threshold of a relatively upmarket-looking shop.
'This part was your idea,' Sameena replied.
'Very funny.'
'Oh, I think we're both equally to blame for the current state of, uh, everything.'
The store wasn't especially busy, but Sam and Lucy earned several funny looks from the customers who were there. They couldn't really blame anyone for looking at them strangely, given their current appearance. Lucy with her trail of milkshake and shoes squelching with greasy noodles; Sam with her own noodles spilling out of her half-exposed bra; both with half-dried dhal clinging to their faces. Still, it was somewhat reassuring to notice that at least one bored-looking boyfriend was enjoying the view. Lucy rewarded the ogler with a cheeky wink.
The member of staff who intercepted the pair on their way to the changing room looked far less enamoured, however. 'You can't come in here like that,' she told them firmly. 'There's a public toilet down by the music shop.'
'I don't understand,' Sameena replied. 'What's the problem?'
To her credit, the bottle blonde woman was unfazed by Sam's silliness, pausing for a moment to let the ridiculousness of that question infuse the situation. Eventually, she responded with, 'You're making a mess and you're causing a scene. You've left a trail behind you.'
Sam and Lucy turned to look behind them. In their effort to get into the store as stiffly as possible, they had failed to notice the sticky, slippery track they had created. 'Ah. Sorry about that,' Sam said with genuine sympathy. As a cleaner herself, it was galling to think she was making someone else's job harder.
'I've got an idea,' Lucy said in a tone that made Sam nervous and excited in equal measure.
'Oh, no. We need to get cleaned up before any more dares,' Sam replied.
'Are you listening to me?' the third woman said. 'You can't be here in that state.'
'Yes, yes, give us a minute,' Lucy said. Then she put her hand between her mouth and the staff member and muttered quietly, 'Sam, I dare you to mop the mess up with your chest.'
'Will that even work?' Sam asked, cupping the outline of her slop-filled bra and instantly regretting moving the slimy noodles around.
'One way to find out,' Lucy said. Smiling at the other woman, she said, 'I'm sorry about the mess, truly. If you just let us get sorted out here, we'll buy a whole new outfit each and we'll clear up the mess we've made.'
'We will?' Sam asked, incredulous.
'We will,' Lucy said. 'We'll clean ourselves up, buy the outfits, then clean up. Understand?'
The obvious implication dawned on Sam. The shop worker would hopefully be happy with making a sale and having someone clean up the mess. What she didn't know was that the order of operations dictated by Lucy would mean that Sam would be mopping up the spillage with the chest of her new outfit, ruining it immediately.
The employee mused the offer for a moment. 'Alright. A full outfit?'
'Top to bottom,' Lucy replied. 'Shoes, underwear, the lot. I'm not sure these shoes are going to survive the day, anyway.'
'Fine. I'll have the cleaning stuff placed by the tills for you. I'll tell security to make sure you don't go anywhere.'
'Unnecessary but understandable.'
The woman turned to leave, then paused and turned back again. 'Oh. One other thing. I really can't let you traipse that mess through the store, least of all into the fitting rooms.'
'W-wait,' Sam stammered. 'What are you saying?'
'I think you know what I'm saying.'
Sam and Lucy looked at one another in disbelief, then their expressions cracked simultaneously into laughter. Had they found a kindred spirit or was this woman just trying to make them pay for messing up her store? Either way, they both felt adrenaline thrumming through their bodies again at the idea of what was coming next.
'Not the whole way, surely?' Sam asked.
'Look, I don't know what you've been playing at, but if you can assure me most of the mess is in those clothes we'll leave it at that.'
They both knew it would be a lie, but stripping completely in public felt a bit too far, even for them. They muttered their gratitude in unison and watched the woman head over to a burly security guard and point over at them. The change in his expression and body language was priceless, but now they knew they would have an audience for the impromptu and deeply unprofessional striptease. They could have predicted that anyway, of course, but knowing that one guy would definitely be looking felt different to assuming that shoppers might glance over at them.
Either way, they had talked themselves into a corner. Or, to be more accurate, Lucy had deliberately negotiated herself and Sam into a corner. Just when Sam had felt relieved to settle into more of a cruising speed, she found herself going up another gear through no fault of her own. Everything they had done already today had been in public, but every dare up to now had made her feel like she might be seen and judged by strangers. Stripping out of her clothing in the middle of a store, she knew she would be seen. And judged. It was like the skirt dare, what felt like hours ago, taken to its extreme. Still, Lucy was putting on a brave face and had already started unfastening her dress and Sam would be damned if she was going to be the one to give in.
Not quite sure where to look, Sam popped the remaining buttons on her grease-stained blouse, revealing her stomach and noodle-filled bra. She left the blouse hanging there for a moment while she unzipped her skirt and let it drop to the floor. Her black thong was still bulging with noodles, too, and her now-naked thighs were soaked with excess oil. She kicked her heels off, then slid her arms out of her blouse so that it crumpled on the floor with the rest. With all of that done, she stood with her hands on her hips, anxiously waiting for Lucy to finish. Knowing at least one pair of eyes were on her oil-spattered body, she felt equal parts self-conscious and aroused. The strands of noodle hanging out of her underwear enhanced the former while the air on parts of her skin that didn't often feel it definitely added to the latter. As always, the stockings helped her feel sexier, at least.
Despite starting sooner than Sam, Lucy took longer to finish undressing. Her dress, as good as it looked, was more difficult to remove than Sam's blouse and skirt and Sam grew more self-uncomfortable by the second. Lucy eventually joined her in a state of undress, but not before Sam had taken to folding her arms over her chest.
'Looking good,' Lucy quipped.
'Not bad,' Sam replied. Like before, she meant it.
They left their ruined clothes in a messy heap and started browsing the nearby racks. Sam felt much freer without all the mess inhibiting her movement, but she still wanted to get her little off-the-cuff streak over with. Fortunately, they had already been in the dresses section when the employee had accosted them. Nothing really spoke to Sam, but she supposed it didn't really matter in the circumstances. She picked out a single strap black dress and motioned for Lucy to hurry up. They still had underwear to replace, after all.
Sam couldn't be sure if Lucy was genuinely enjoying the attention of other shoppers or if she didn't care as much. Either way, Lucy was properly browsing the wares -- or, at least, was doing a good job of pretending to. After what felt to Sam like an age, Lucy grabbed a particularly slutty black minidress by its hanger and strode with surprising confidence towards the mercifully close-by lingerie section.
Neither of them had spoken for the entire time it had taken to pick out their dresses, and that continued as they inspected the underwear. Again, Sam grabbed the first set that didn't look too offensive to her tastes. She knew it was likely to be shown off, so she couldn't just grab the nearest thing in her size, but she also still wanted to get dressed sooner rather than later. Fortunately, she soon came across a rather fetching teal set. The knickers were proper briefs, with a fine mesh backside and more solid coloured front. Not her usual cut, but pretty enough that she didn't mind. The bra was the same style, with opaque cups and see-through mesh sections everywhere else.
Again, Lucy took her time, but nowhere near as long as before. She must have found something she genuinely liked, because she was finished almost as quickly as Sam. She held up a white bra and thong with little pink flowers printed sparingly on each, awaiting Sam's approval.
'I like it,' she said. 'Now come on, let's get out of here.'
If Sam had felt awkward more-or-less standing still in her underwear, striding through the store with minimal clothing made her skin crawl. Despite the noodles still lodged in some very sensitive places, she found herself stepping quickly through the shop, opting for the physical discomfort of oily food bouncing around her underwear over the mental discomfort of feeling seen by dozens of strangers.
Lucy followed and they soon found their way into the fitting rooms. Sam's relief at finding no queue was palpable, and the woman at the desk there waved them through, clearly knowing about their agreement. They took a cubicle each, next door to one another, and changed in silence at first.
Unsurprisingly, it was Lucy who spoke first. 'Well that was fun.'
Sam was halfway through slipping into her new underwear while also trying to keep noodles from spreading all over the floor. 'I'm not sure if that's the word I'd use.'
'Oh, come on. It was a rush, wasn't it?'
It had certainly got Sam's pulse racing again. That much was undeniable. 'Sure,' she said, trying to portray the fact that she was busy purely by the tone of her voice.
'I was really hoping you'd pick something strapless for this next part,' Lucy continued, oblivious.
Sam considered this as she pulled the dress she had chosen over her head. She was certain Lucy didn't just mean that she preferred how a strapless dress would suit her. As she adjusted the new dress around her curves, she pictured what the next dare entailed. In her head, she saw herself on her knees, chest to the slippery floor. It was a particularly embarrassing position to be in, but one she could easily imagine. Then she pictured it without the strap of her current dress and the reason became obvious: without a strap, her tits would surely spill over the dress in that position.
'You dirty bitch,' she said with chuckle. 'Anything to see my boobs, eh?'
Lucy's only response was a matching chuckle. The pair finished getting dressed without another word after that. Sam still didn't know how to handle her noodles, though, and she wondered what Lucy was doing about her own mess. After all, as hard as it was for Sam, Lucy had much more mess to contend with. She must have trailed milkshake all the way into the changing rooms, Sam thought, hoping Lucy didn't intend for her to mop up all of it with her dress.
They emerged from their fitting rooms at the same time, Lucy giving Sam a twirl. Mostly over her recent discomfort, Sam was able to appreciate the view. Her friend's new outfit was every bit as revealing as what she'd arrived in earlier, the only major difference being its colour.
'What did you do with the mess?' Sam asked.
'I wiped off what I could, but my dress was pretty much soaked through.'
'So...'
'So, let's just say I'm not exactly bone dry under here.'
'You poor soul. What about the underwear you took off, though?'
'Good point. Excuse me,' she directed this part at the woman on the desk. 'Hiya. Can I get a bag, please? Oh, and I'll be keeping everything. So will my friend.'
They returned to slightly awkward silence while they waited for the girl to return. Lucy thanked her for the bag, then ducked back behind the curtain of her fitting room. When she stepped back into the corridor, the bag she had been given was heavy with the weight of Lucy's slop-soaked underwear.
'Lend me that a sec',' Sam said. Holding the bag safely away from her new, clean dress, she stepped into her own fitting room and stuffed her underwear and its pile of greasy noodles into the bag with Lucy's. 'Keep hold of them,' she said, handing it back. 'We can probably sell them for a small fortune on the internet.'
Lucy laughed, smiled her thanks to the desk girl again and lead Sam back out into the store. The same security guard who had watched them undress met them right away, leaving no chance for any potential escape -- not that either of them had even considered it. He escorted them to the tills, passing the shoe section en route.
'Oh, hang on,' Sam said. 'I don't know about you but I don't think these stockings are going to be enough.'
'Right, right. One mo', yeah?'
The security guard had a put-upon expression on his face, but he didn't do anything to stop them browsing the shoes. Sam really hoped to find something practical, but not so unappealing that Lucy would protest. If it had to be heels -- and she assumed it did -- she at least wanted heels that were walkable.
Still, at least she didn't have to do this browsing in her underwear any more. She felt much more comfortable, even knowing the comfort to be temporary, in some proper clothes. Both women took their time now, eventually settling on shiny black flats. Not too pricey, for obvious reasons, but not the cheap ugly stuff that reminded Sam of a bored housewife's slippers
'Lead on, my prince,' Lucy said to the security guard.
The staff member who had arranged all of this met them at the till with a mop, a bucket on wheels, and a stern look. 'Got everything?' she asked.
'I think so,' Lucy said and Sam agreed.
'No returns on underwear, by the way. Especially since I know for a fact that you've tried them on,' the woman nodded at the sloppy bag in Lucy's hand.
'Don't worry about that,' Sam said. 'I doubt I'll be coming back in here at all.'
The woman stepped back out of the way and wheeled the mop and bucket combo to the end of the queueing area. There wasn't much of a queue, so Sam and Lucy were through checkout in no time. Sam was glad to get it over and done with, but after all that she still had her next dare to come, and with no time to talk herself up for it.
'You ready for this?' Lucy asked, nodding at the still very obvious trail of milkshake, noodles and dhal on the shop floor.
'Not really, but that hasn't stopped us so far. Exactly how much do I have to do?'
'I'd love to say all of it, but we'd be here all day.' Lucy pursed her lips, considering her options. 'Oh. I've got it. It's obvious, really. Keep going until that stuck-up cow comes over to tell us off. I'll try and do some real cleaning in the meantime.'
Sam looked around, wondering where the woman had gotten to. What if she'd gone on a break or something? Sam could have been left mopping the floor with her tits for god knows how long. What if she was on an hour long lunch break? Luckily, this worst case scenario was quickly put out of her mind when she noticed the woman glaring at her expectantly. Sam flashed her a wan smile then looked back at Lucy. 'Fine, I guess.'
'Good girl.' Lucy replied, grabbing the mop. 'When you're ready, then.'
Ready was not the word Sam would have chosen, but she supposed she wouldn't ever be ready for this. She was about to set a new personal record: fastest time between buying new clothes and ruining them. At least she had some clothes on again, which was some consolation.
Lucy had already started mopping the floor properly, but hadn't taken her eyes off Sam. With a sigh, Sam finally got down to her knees and lowered her chest to the floor. It was a perversely familiar position, though one she hadn't been in for quite some time and never in such perverted circumstances. Already, she was grateful for the strap maintaining some small shred of dignity, and though she couldn't yet feel the mess soaking through the material, she could feel it against her exposed cleavage.
Without looking up, Sam knew people must be watching her. She knew Lucy was, for starters, but she assumed anybody who noticed her -- and who could fail to notice? -- would want to see what happened next. What would happen next, she asked herself. If she was supposed to make a serious attempt at cleaning up, she would have to shuffle forward and use the front of her dress to soak up the slop. That's what she did, feeling extremely self conscious about the way it made her shapely, round buttocks shift around but even more uncomfortable about the situation as a whole. Worse was the fact that the bottom end of her dress had no such strap to keep everything in place. Would it ride right up and expose her arse? She could only pray it didn't.
Shuffling forward, the gunk they had left smeared on the floor was collecting in her cleavage, slowly but surely, and was starting to saturate her dress. She found herself wondering which would be worse: being left to carry on like this, or to be chastised by that same employee again. She found herself wondering if she might like that option, in a way, or in another situation. She also felt like that option was inevitable.
Indeed, she saw a shadow fall over her less than a minute into her mop impersonation. Sam was in the middle of pushing her breasts forward when it happened, and decided to continue. It could be Lucy, after all, and she was unlikely to take kindly to Sam pausing.
Then the shadow's feet shuffled into Sam's view and she knew it wasn't Lucy. 'What the hell is wrong with you two?' asked a familiar voice.
Sam stopped, partly glad of the distraction from her dare, partly embarrassed at being scolded. This woman must have been half her age. It was absurd, but then absurd was the order of the day.
'I don't know what's wrong with her,' Lucy said. 'I said I'd try and get her another mop but she said she had an idea and started doing whatever this is.'
The traitorous bitch, Sam thought. As if she didn't look ridiculous enough already. She didn't know what to do with herself. Standing up would mean being at eye level with her so-called friend and the shop worker, but staying where she was meant, well, it meant staying in this ridiculous position. In the end, she split the different and straightened up on her knees.
This turned out to be the worst of all options -- kneeling at the feet of a woman who was furious with her. It made her look -- and feel -- subservient. It made her look inferior and small, both literally and figuratively. She felt flustered, both embarrassed and strangely aroused. It was a lot to deal with, and she did so by blushing in silence and keeping her head bowed.
'You're freaks, the pair of you,' the woman went on. 'It goes without saying that you're barred from the shop. Understand?'
Despite her discomfort, Sam found herself unable to resist a joke. 'Yes, Miss. Sorry, Miss.'
Lucy laughed that dirty laugh of hers, but the other woman was not amused. 'Get out,' she said flatly. 'Get out of my shop and never come back.'
'What about the cleaning?' Lucy asked unhelpfully.
'Get out.'
Somewhat relieved, Sam adjusted her dress as she got back to her feet. She didn't look at the woman. Couldn't look at the woman. Her cheeks were flushed and despite her defiant act of humour, she still felt overwhelmed by what was happening. She made for the door, not even waiting to see if Lucy had followed.
She had, as it turned out. The moment they stepped back into the main corridor of the shopping centre, Lucy chirped up. 'Wow, Sam. If I didn't know any better I'd think you enjoyed that.'
'Shut up,' Sam replied. 'Just shut up.'