"Hey dude, I'm glad you got out of there." I said to Kevin, as I got into his car. He'd just been sitting there key in the ignition with a blank look on his face. "Are you doing OK? I really am sorry you had to see that. I lost my cool in there dude. This thing got me wayyyy too jacked up, haha," I said as I grabbed the obscene bulge in my suit.
"You know how I am though. When you've had as much sex as I have, it gets boring after a while. Turning sluts into my slaves though, that never gets old. I really didn't expect her to go that far though. But once I got a taste of just how badly she needs this, I couldn't hold back."
"What's wrong with you?" he finally said, breaking out of his stupor. "She's not a slut. She's not some bimbo at school you bang and throw away. She has a husband, a family. My mom dude. Why? You could have any other woman you want. I see you with chicks all the time. Why not fuck someone else from school?
"I know you're mad dude, so I'm going to let you calm down. But you're going to have to accept this. Like I said, I didn't make your mom do anything. Once a size queen like her sees what I'm packing, she's begging to get in my pants."
"Your mom is sooo hot too. I saw you trying to hide that boner of yours in there. I figured you thought she was hot too, but damn dude. Why did you stay and watch that?" I asked him, genuinely wondering why he behaved that way. "You say I'm messed up, but I've never watched my own mom get facefucked like that. I can still hear her gagging on it."
Kevin seemed to think for a while, his face mired in anguish as he fought through conflicting feelings. Finally he said, "I thought you were full of it. Yeah, you're a hot dude and I know what you're packing, but no one who brags as brazenly as you do could possibly back it up. Your stories are insane. Before tonight I thought it was impossible anyone would let you do half the stuff you talk about."
"But what I just walked in on... Your cock is so big. It looked like you were impaling her with some weapon from Game of Thrones or something. She just knelt there and let you use her throat. There was so much spit it looked like you were choking her to death, and she just begged you for more. I don't get it. That's not possible. You must've drugged her or blackmailed her or something. That's why I got so pissed. What did you do to her? Seriously dude, be honest with me. She'd never say what she did otherwise."
I could barely contain my excitement. My high getting even higher as he basically confessed his love for me. It almost sounds like he wants to watch me rail his whore mother.
"Not a thing. I don't need to rape anyone, dummy. And don't worry. Your mom obviously still loves you, and even your dad still I think. The only thing I drugged her with is my dick. You wouldn't know, but there are a lot of women - men too, no need to discriminate here - that will do anything just to see a dick like mine. It became clear within hours of meeting her that your mom was one of those women."
"Why do you think I stayed for so long the first time I came over? Your mom saw this bulge and couldn't stop staring. Just like I couldn't stop staring at those tits. By the time I'd left, she drained three loads from my dick. The first time, I had her completely naked on her knees begging for my cock while I was in this same suit. We were in your dad's office while you two were swimming. One of the best blow jobs I've ever had. Your mom was so hungry for my dick. She's been one of my regular sluts ever since," I told him. My cock was getting nice and chubbed up now, the head peaking out the leg.
"I'm so fucking pissed at what you just did. My dad looked seriously crushed, and I never thought my mom would say anything like that to me... She's so hot though. I can't believe you actually saw her naked! I'm no perv, like I'd obviously never ever touch my mom. But I have eyes just like all the guys at school. That's why I hate it so much. I see those massive tits - nearly exposed - every day of my life. I sometimes feel like a freak, but all I want to know is what they look like. I don't know whether I'm more mad cuz you've seen them or you're an asshole about it," Kevin said. Tears no longer in his eyes. "What do they look like?"
"Haha, I knew it dude. Such a wimp, just like your dad. At least you're cool though. I'm glad we had this chat. I know this is tough, but I really do like helping you out in the pool. Your mom is just an added benefit," I tell him as I begin to get out of his car.
"You should get out of here and go on a drive or something. Your mom should be awake by now. She's sooo wet for my cock right now. I haven't even touched her. If you thought what you just saw was tough on your dad, then you definitely don't want to be around when she takes my dick. Your mom is so damn fit. Rare I find someone who can take the whole thing so well. She's a screamer though. Basically just constantly cumming on my dick - which is why you're just gonna have to get used to this. She's totally mine until I don't want to use her anymore."
"I promise though dude, this is our secret as long as you're cool. I'm a monster in the bedroom, but I might have a little bit of heart outside it. Now get out of here, because you'll definitely hear her if you're not gone in a few minutes."
I got out of his car, my cock rock hard now with a couple inches of the shaft and the head sticking out my shorts. I started to walk back to the house, but was stopped by the sound of a car door slamming.
"Can I watch?"
What the fuck. My dick absolutely surged - literally never been harder. I wish I had a ruler because I might be pushing 11 inches. I'm so fucked in the head. I just humiliated this dude's mom and he wants to watch me do it some more. I turn around just to show him how much I approve of the idea.
"Look at it," I say, pulling the leg of my suit up a bit to expose most of my cock. He resists at first, just looking into my eyes.
"I said look at it. I know you want to. I've caught you sneaking glances before. I know you're not into dudes, don't worry. I love that you want to see it so badly though. Look at it!" I say more sternly. I notice his eyes bulge as he finally appreciates the size of my fully hard cock.
"Do you really want to see what this is going to do to her? You know I'm not exaggerating dude - she came over 20 times last time we fucked. I don't need a repeat of what just happened in there. I'm going to destroy her pussy and can't have emotional bitches trying to interrupt. If you can't handle that, then I'm telling you to leave now," walking closer to him as I made sure he took in the seriousness of my words.
"What can I say dude? Clearly I have some messed up genes when it comes to this stuff. I don't want to touch her or anything. It's just, she's already made up her mind that sex is more important than anything else to her. My dad doesn't care either. She's my mom, but if I ignore that then she's the hottest slut I've ever seen before. Your dick is bigger than anything I've seen in porn. I need to see this dude! Please give this to me. I'm still confused as hell, but my dick has been hard this whole time. If you're gonna fuck up my family, at least I can get off on it," Kevin was practically begging now. I'm not sure what kind of fun I'm going to have with him, but this is going to be a fun couple of hours.
"Ha, I'm not gonna mess anything up between your mom and dad. She's a slut, but I think he knew that. He probably cheats on her too. He's definitely pissed, but he knows I'm harmless overall. Like I said, I have no romantic interest in her. I can't even say I respect her. She's one hell of a good fuck though, so I'm gonna use her body until I get bored with it. When she's served her purpose, your dad will be there to pick up the pieces. That's just how shit works between a rich wimp like him and a beauty queen turned slut."
"I'm still not sure you're serious about this though," I said to him. "I'm going to need you to beg just like the whore did."
I make a point to look him in the eye and then look down to the ground, nodding my head. After a few seconds of hesitation, he finally falls to his knees.
"Please dude!! I've always envied your massive cock, though I had no idea you'd make the fat end of a baseball bat look small. I can't believe that thing fits inside of her. I need to see it happen! All is forgiven if you finally give me the chance to see her naked. I'm sooo horny. I've never needed to see anything this badly before. Real live porn in my own house!"
"Ha, you're not as bad as I thought kid. Follow me. Stay on your knees though, because I'm the only man in this house," I laugh at him as we make our way back to his house.
When I walk in, I notice no one was in the living room. I couldn't help but smile at the massive mess on the couch though. That poor asshole will never forget how small of a man he is. God it felt great to own such a hot fucking slut. Now I just needed to find her to finish the job.
Walking down the hallway past the living room, I hear some noise in the master bedroom. I turn to see Kevin still following close behind on his hands and knees. As we finally make it to their room, I see her wimp husband next to Jennie in only her bra and underwear. He'd been holding a fan next to her while she drank water. I can't believe he'd actually been taking care of her like this when he knew what was about to happen. Poor schlub really does love her.
"Take her underwear off. She won't need it for a while. Also turns out you don't have to worry. Your son just wanted to watch me fuck her too! You're doing a great job with the family after all," I said kinda feeling bad mocking the awful situation this guy found himself in. Now that I had his son hooked as my audience, I decided I'd be a little more lenient on this old guy.
As Jim took his wife's underwear off, I told Kevin, "you can sit on that couch in front of the bed. Don't move unless you ask me. I'm in total control here, but let me know if there's something you want me to do to her. I kinda love that you might be more messed up than I am wanting to watch this," I say jokingly. "Let's ride this thing out and see just how big of a whore she is."
"You can get her some more water. Then you can sit there with your son or go back to your cum-stained living room. Stay close in case she needs you, but you don't have to watch. And I know it's hard for you, but she's a good wife. She really needs the one thing you can't give to her. She's just my fucktoy though. I like fucking with you, but I could care less about your wife, outside her three holes."
Beyond horny, I wasted no time stripping off my clothes. I took a second to stare at myself in the huge mirror next to their bed. The lines of my tight muscular body seemed to naturally lead to my massive dick. My softball-sized sack hanging almost as low as my chubby dick. The contrast between my blue eyes and dark hair brought even more attention to the huge smile on my face right now.
Unable to handle what was about to happen, Jim remained out in the living room as his wife started to suck on my balls.
"Good slut. Get daddy nice and ready. Gonna make sure you work extra hard tonight so that my buddy over there gets a good show. Try and get both in your mouth."
It was hard for her to fit one in, so I knew both would be a struggle. I wanted to see if she could handle two lemons in her mouth.
"You're gonna have to go one at a time. Come on, your son is watching. Show him how much you love him by being my good little porn slut," I say to her before turning my head to Kevin. "You can take it out pervert. I know how hard you are. Is there anything you want to see right now before I fuck her?"
"Heh, I always like it in porn when a guy smacks a girl in the face with it."
Damn, sounds like we're into the same kind of stuff. No wonder he wants to watch this. It was cute how nervous he was. Clearly loving the show in front of him and doing whatever he could to forget it was his mom.
"Grab it slut. You heard your son. Do it hard enough so that I don't have to."
I get on the bed, straddling her face as she lays her head on a pillow. She grabs the base of my cock with both of her hands - barely overlapping as they encircle the massive girth of my cock. As I look down at her beautiful face, she slowly begins to slap herself with me. The second swing is a little harder, but still not nearly hard enough. Her third attempt slightly better as the sound of my dick against her face reverberates through the room.
I wasn't impressed though. Her son wanted a show and I'm not one to disappoint.
After her final attempt, I grabbed her hair in one hand and my cock in the other. I began to wallop her face with my huge meatbat. Forcing every ounce of my massive cock down onto her face.
*Whack**Whack*
"I said hard, you fucking slut!"
I beat the side of her face with my dick, putting considerable force behind each thrust. I wanted to see how loud I could smack her.
"Ow, that hurt!" she finally yelled.
"Tell me to stop, slut!" I yelled louder as I smacked her again even harder.
"Say it! Say it slut, tell me to stop beating your face with my dick!" *Whack* "Here's another one!" *Whack*
"Here's another one, cunt! You can't even tell me to stop. Totally worthless whore!," I yelled as I continued to smack her around with my cock until one final thud drew a long groan from her.
"Fuckkkk meeeee!" Her hips thrust in the air as an orgasm destroyed her body. "Sooo big. It's so big. Oh god, big cock. Need massive dick!"
She continued on yelling uncontrollably, as her orgasm finally began to fade. I turned to Kevin as I backed up on the bed. His cock out and his hand slowly stroking.
"That was just the beginning. You ready to really see what this slut can do?" I asked him.
"This is unreal dude! You're like a sex god or something," he said enthusiastically.
"You ain't seen nothing yet. Why don't you come over here."
"Wait, what. No please leave him alone, Brian," Jennie said, fully back from her orgasm.
"Shut up, cunt! Sex toys don't speak. Now lie there and do what I say. We both know you'd let him fuck you if I told you to, so stop putting up a fake fight. He's just here to watch anyway because your pussy is mine. I own it. No other man will touch it again unless I give you permission. You understand that?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Good slut," I said before turning to Kevin. "Now get over here. We both know how badly you've wanted to grab this thing. If you want to see me fuck your mom, then you're going to put me inside of her."
Kevin hesitated a bit and Jennie was squirming uncomfortably, almost looking like she wanted to say something.
"Say one word, slut! I dare you. Say one word and see if you ever get my dick again. I leave whenever you say so, but I'm in control otherwise. That's the deal. If you can't handle that then say so. But I'm done with you pushing back. Lay there like a good slut or kiss my dick goodbye!" I yelled at her, fed up with her nonsense.
Her body relaxed as I spread her legs with my knees. Hovering over her in the missionary position, the massive head of my cock waiting at the entrance of her soaking wet pussy.
"Go ahead and push the head in dude. I'll do the rest. Since you'll never actually fuck her, I figure this is the next best thing for ya."
Slowly coming up next to me, he reaches down to grab my cock - his hand almost wrapping all of the way around it. He started to rub the head of my cock up and down her slit, finding it hard to push in.
"Aim a little higher and hold it there. Guide it in as I push. She's wet as hell, but it's still gonna be tricky to get the head in," I tell him as I begin to push.
After a couple of attempts, I finally start to feel her opening up.
"Oh fuck! It's too biggg!!" she yelled at the top of her lungs.
I keep pushing forward, seeing part of the head finally disappear inside of her. I slowly rock my hips back and forth, inching in my massive cockhead. Still not used to getting fisted with an apple, it took a little while for her to open up.
After about a minute, the head finally fully pops inside of her. I hold it there for a bit before pushing forward slightly. As soon as I move the head inside of her, she explodes.
"Holy fuckkk! Dicckkkk! So muuuuhhhhhh!"Jennie quickly losing any sense of what was happening as the head of my dick gave her the most massive orgasm she's had yet today. Her pussy spasming around my cock as she squirts all over my shaft.
"I told you she's a champ dude. Puts any pornstar you've ever seen to shame, right? And I'm barely inside of her. Just wait till I'm pile driving her. She passed out after thirty minutes last time. I woke her up by jacking off on her face. Took a dozen spurts, but she came to. Go sit back down and do what you need to. She's loose enough to rail now. What position should I take her in?"
"Turn her over and put her face in the pillow. If it's cool, I'd rather not see it."
I rotated her body on my dick, pushing further inside of her ass up in the air.
"Holy shit. Her ass is amazing," Kevin said. "Fuck her like that from behind while you're standing over her."
"Cool, dude. Love that you're cool with this. I hated sneaking around. More than happy to put on a show for you whenever you want. I'll be fucking her a lot anyway."
I pulled her ass in the air and jammed more than half my dick inside of her. She continued to moan hysterically, her voice begging for mercy while needing more. I held it there for a little while, noticing my dick already bulging out of her tight belly. Not even all the way inside of her and she's having my alien babies. So fucking hot. I can't help but shove in a couple more inches, watching it move inside of her.
"Whaatt, again. Howww!!" Less than 2 minutes and 8 inches in, and she's already creamed herself twice.
"What are you, Jennie," I ask her, pulling her hair back to look her in the eyes as her body spasmed all over my cock.
"I'm your slave! Your dick owns my life. Please just fuck me more! Never take this dick away from me. It's sooo good."
With that I stood above her on the bed, bending down above her. My fat cock still lodged deep inside her pussy from behind. I used both my hands to push her head in the pillow as I shoved every inch of my cock deep inside her body as hard as I could over and over again.
"Fucking love it! The besstttt! I need this cock!" she yelled over and over again, even surprising me with her enthusiastic obscenities.
As I was just getting into a rhythm, my huge balls slapping the same stomach my cock was rearranging, Jim's sister was apparently walking in the door. She'd come home to get something she forgot in Kevin's car when borrowing it last time. She didn't plan to come inside, but was worried when she heard such loud screaming. Her dad had no words for her, crying himself into a glass of whiskey as he listened to his wife getting used like a porn slut. She'd followed the source of the noise to the bedroom just as her mom was somewhere between her 8th and 9th orgasm. Kevin's hands covered in cum as he stroked himself to a second orgasm of his own.
"What the hell is going on!" she screamed.
I was actually happy with this addition to the party, and began to fuck poor Jennie even harder. She lost all control as I turned her into mush in front of both of her children.
"Kevin, why the hell is he in here..." She said before trailing off as her eyes adjusted to the sight in front of her. Finally noticing the insanely massive cock destroying her own mom's pussy.
"Take it, slut. I'm not done yet. Keep stroking my dick with your cunt. Worthless sex toy draining my dick. Take every inch me. I own this pussy... I own your life. Whore for your whole family to finally see and you can't get enough of it. Show your daughter how a good slut takes a dick!"
I continued to pound her as both her children watched on in awe. Karen, her daughter, unable to take her eyes off of my dick.
"Too much! It's again, another too bigggg!!" No longer making any sense, Jennie began to lose consciousness as she continuously orgasmed on my horsecock.
Not wanting a repeat of last time, I started to ease up a bit and pull out of Jennie. The loud popping sound still barely audible over her continued moaning. Even though my cock was no longer inside of her, she still felt the effects of the many orgasms that just wracked her body.
I stood in the middle of the room, cock still rock hard dripping with Jennie's juices. I turned towards her daughter, looking into her eyes as she continued to stare at his dick.
"Clean me off slut. You clearly want to suck it, so clean your mom off my dick. Be a good girl and finish what she started."
I noticed Kevin's shocked look as his twin sister knelt before me.
"See, it's that easy. Though your mom really was easier," I told Kevin as his sister's lips reached my dick in record time.
"Good slut. Purse your lips and run them up and down my dick. They're so nice and full. Will look great covered in cum. Stick your tongue out a little bit too."
I make her work up and down my dick until every ounce of her mom's cum is gone. I then put my finger in her mouth and let her suck on it for a while.
"Good girl. Go ahead an open up," I say as I pull her bottom lip down.
"I know you haven't had to handle a cock this big before, so we'll take it easy this time. Just suck on my head while I jack off. Let's see how good your tongue is."
She begins to swirl her tongue around my head, focusing on my glands. She was barely able to fit the head in her mouth, but sucked as hard as she could. Really was a great effort. I wish I had more time to let her play with my cock, but I had places to be soon. We'd have plenty of time for more though. Clearly she has the same needs her mother does, and I'm happy to fulfil them.
"Good girl. Keep sucking. You're doing OK so far. You as good a cocksucker as your mom?
"Mmmhmm," she mumbled around my dick.
"That's what I thought. Do a good job and maybe you'll be as lucky as she was. It's clear you've never been fucked anywhere as good as that," I said while pointing to her lifeless mom on the bed. "A bitch as hot as you definitely has what it takes to ride this dick - you just gotta show you're worthy," I say to her as she intensifies her sucking.
I start jacking more aggressively now. Kevin still standing there, watching his sister fall into the same trap as his slut mom. Nothing but complete devotion to my cock for the past 15 minutes. He'd be stroking the whole time she was on her knees. I guess he has a thing for her too.
As I'm getting close, I stop jacking off and begin to grab her head. "Stroke me with both of your hands," I tell her. "I'll be gentle, but your throat feels too good right now. I'm gonna finish off stroking with your face. Be a good slut like your mom and open wide for my cock."
I grabbed hair from both sides of her head a little harder than he needed to. She flinched a little bit, but continued to suck and began stroking my dick simultaneously. I slowly began jacking off the head of my cock and a couple inches of the shaft with her mouth. Not choking her yet, but clearly stretching her jaw to capacity.
I continued to jack off with her face as she stroked most of the rest of my cock with her hands. One on top of the other and she still had plenty of room to stroke my shaft. Soon it all became too much. My porn star slut passed out on the bed from putting on a show for her son. Now her daughter filling in to finish the job, while I let that lucky loser jack off to hottest thing he's ever seen before. The supposed man of the house powerless to stop his entire family from worshipping my cock.
I roared out as I began pissing cum. The first shot was massive. Six or seven small spurts shooting out like fireworks before the first long, continuous string made contact with her face. I aimed the second shot in the same spot, her face already completely splattered before a third rope hit her in the same place.
Shot after shot of cum rained down on her as her body began to convulse. After 8 or 9 shots to her face and tshirt-covered tits, she had clearly begun to orgasm. Moaning out as the rest of cum covered her lying on the floor.
"Yeah, we'll definitely have some fun later too," I said to Karen. Her eyes closed as she tried to wipe my massive load from her eyes.
I looked over to Kevin and noticed he'd cum again as well. I start putting my clothes back on and heading out.
"Ha, why don't I leave you all to clean up. I've got to get going, but I'm sure we'll have fun again soon. Until then, I hope that load is enough for you, Karen."
"Please, don't go!" she said, trying to stand up as cum flew from her body. "I need your cock. She's just lying there, staring at the ceiling. What the fuck did you do to her?!"
"You might be lucky enough to find out one day. I just needed a quick blowjob though, so thanks for that. But that's all you're getting for now. I don't care how much you beg."
Kevin sat there stunned, as I walked past him. "Thanks again for being cool about this dude. I'll be back to fuck your mom, and probably her too - if she's lucky. I'm glad you enjoyed yourself though.
"Please don't go! I need it. I'll do anything!" she yelled as she followed me crawling down the hall.
As she continued to beg, I turned around grabbing my bulge to let her get one last look at my cock. She managed to clear most of my cum from her eyes, though her face was still dripping. She left a nice trail of my cum from the bedroom all the way down the hall as she followed close behind me.
"Please! Let me just have one more taste. You can't just take that massive cock away from me so quickly. I've never seen anything like it before. It's sooo heavy and thick. The fat head feels too good in my mouth! Please, I'll do whatever you want - just like with my mom. Please just let me touch it one more time before you go!"
I noticed cum still leaking from my cock as it poked out the leg of my shorts. Guess I forgot to fully drain it in my haste to get dressed.
"OK, fine. You have 30 seconds. Get over here and drain the rest of the cum from my dick."
As I said that, I walked to the front door - making her crawl another 30 feet or so. Once she finally trudged over to me on her hands and knees, I opened the front door. It was dark out and they had a pretty big lot, so we were back from the street a little bit. Anybody walking by could easily see what was happening though.
She paused for a second while I stood in the moonlight, my dick creating an obviously massive bulge in my shorts. Unable to fully contain my monster, I lifted my pants up even further to give her more access to my cock.
"What are you waiting for? We both know what you need. You only have 20 seconds left now!"
Suddenly losing any resistance, her face dove on my dick. Within second she was choking herself on my cock. I got a little upset because some of my cum flew back on my leg a bit, but she was sucking me harder now than she did in the bedroom.
"Times up, slut!" I said as I grabbed her hair and pulled her throat off my cock. I pulled just far enough back to let her pursed lips suck on my piss slit.
"That's right. You're not a good girl, just another whore like your mother. So hungry for dick that you don't care who sees. Already covered in my cum. On your knees begging for more, sucking as hard as you can for those last few drops!"
I didn't care that I was running late. Watching this slut suck the last drops of cum from my dick was too perfect. I kept looking around hoping someone would walk by. The thought that she was too gone to care was good enough for me though.
"Alright, that's enough!" finding it hard to pull her away fully. "Your brother has my number. Text me later. I really gotta go now though."
She started to crawl out the door for a second as I backed away.
"You need to learn to follow directions! If you ever want to be as good a slut as your mom, you have a lot of learning to do. I told you that's all you're getting!"
She reached for my cock one last time before I gave her a soft slap, setting her back a bit.
"Don't move, whore!"
I walked over to her and grabbed a fist full of her hair. I quickly used it to mop up my cum she left on my leg. After cleaning my thighs, I wiped my hand in the rest of her hair, making sure to clean off all the cum her face got on my hand.
"Now kneel there in the doorway. Don't close the door until I'm gone. I want to remember this perfect view as I drive off."
Taking my time backing out of their long driveway, I still didn't see anyone coming by. Sitting at the end of the way for a couple minutes, the slut didn't move a muscle. She kept waiting on her knees, covered in my cum for the world to see until I finally drove off.