Chapter 03 – Afterglow
We had become accidental lovers. Only when some fateful turn in the road made it easy for us to crawl into each other's arms did we do it.
On those fateful occasions, our lovemaking was rich, inventive and wonderful. I may sound silly to you, but I formed the habit of dressing as if today would be that day. No longer did tattered and worn old panties remain in my panty drawer forever. They were cast out at the first sign of deterioration. Only one exception will probably always remain securely tucked away; The pair of simple yellow panties that I wore the first time Mark slipped his hand under my dress to find them; those will never be discarded. Just a souvenir. And somewhere, I hope well hidden, is a pair of pink panties of mine that I suspect will always be secreted in Mark's treasure trove. For I looked everywhere for those panties after our long night of pleasure. But I didn't find them
And so, when my Mother lectured me about the dangers of loving carelessly, I protested, but in fact, I was standing guiltily before her without panties because they had been lost, .. .. or stolen, doing just what she had so gently accused me of.
Mom had left me to wonder if husbands were as clairvoyant as mothers. Was David going to walk in from his trip, take one look at me and demand to know who had been boinking me (his favorite term for the human sex act)?
I had a wonderful tired feeling from my night of lust and passion. I was preoccupied with these guilty thoughts as I went about a few errands around town. I would say that I was on a cloud, but each time I got out of the car and took off at my usual fast stride, a quick twinge between my legs slowed my step. No matter what anyone tells you, three times in one night leaves a girl a little sore. Happy, but sore.
Cathy and Mick arrived about the time I was making the last trip carrying in the groceries. And so I sat happily on the floor listening to tales of what Grandma had done with them - McDonald's, Toys R Us and staying-up-late to watch "The Muppets Take New York." I think that movie is Mom's favorite movie rather than the kids'.
A night to think it over
I punched the button on the message light and heard David's cheerful voice.
"Hi Babe, hope you're OK. Hope you won't mind, but I need to extend the trip a day. Need to spend some time with some of the guys, so we are going to play a round of golf tomorrow and then head home. I should be home by about ... .... about 9, maybe a little later. Give the kids a hug. And you too, of course! Love ya! Is that too late for a romantic dinner? I'd love that! How 'bout seeing if that old blue dress still fits? Bye!"
As if he needed another day of golf after spending the whole week at Pine Hurst.
Well, it would give me another day to lose that "freshly fucked" look that had set off my sainted mother. The kids wanted Chinese and so dinner was an easy drive to pick up the order. They were tired from staying up late last night so they were into bed on time. It gave me a quiet evening to sit and ponder my sins.
Normally, spending an evening of solitude in our big easy chair with my feet up on the hassock would be my idea of heaven. But strangely, I wished for more activity tonight. I guess it would have been easier if I were having to cope with facing David with my little secret. Tonight my easy chair was not so easy. I felt all the apprehension of someone who had done something wrong and wasn't sure if anyone else had noticed. Had I got by with it?
As I turned it over in my mind, I slowly convinced myself that an occasional transgression with Mark need not hurt anyone. Our lives were divided into several worlds that didn't impinge on each other. David was not interested in my political sphere. We had a group of friends related to David's company and David was very much tied up in that and I shared it. The local neighborhood was another circle of happy friendships that David and I shared. None of these brought Mark and Phyllis into frequent or close relationship with David and me together.
I nodded off in my chair, feet pulled up under me, head against the wing of the big chair. My dreams finally settled on a replay of the ride home from convention. I awoke sharply to find my hand fondling the arm of the chair instead of Mark's thigh. I looked around guiltily at my quiet, secure home and blinked the sleep out of my eyes.
Romantic Dinner at home
My "famous blue dress" is one that I seldom wore in public; it had become our 'sex dress' for romantic dinners at home. It was not really a tramp's dress, but it was quite sexy. The wrap-around design provides a deep cleavage and the clasp that holds it together is around to the side. That means it is pulled up snugly under my breasts, molding their shape. It fits over my hips and round my bottom like an inverted tulip cup. It is elegant, and it really fits me. Add to that the fact that the wrap around design drapes over my legs allowing me to show as much or as little as I choose. Put that all together and it can be a sexy package. For dinner at home, I always wear stockings and garter belt to good effect. I feel pretty, and David feels everything!
And so on Saturday evening, I dropped the kids with poor dear Mom once again and headed for the airport. He was surprised to see me in "the dress, and hurried toward me with a big smile.
"Hey babe, thanks for picking me up."
I held my coat open and pointed one leg forward so my stocking top showed. His smile widened and he stepped inside my open coat and hugged me against him, his leg slipping between mine as we giggled together. "Do we have to pick up my bags or can we do it right here?" he wanted to know.
With his hand high on my thigh at the top of the dark stocking top, he told me about his week of meetings and golf, including the 3-iron into the wind on the 15th hole that hit the pin and let him score an eagle. Jeff from Texas had sent me a kiss. Arnie from California did the same.
David's hand moved a little higher and I parted my legs so his little finger touched my panties. His hand snuggled down between my thighs in a familiar way. I purred and put my hand on his.
He finally remembered that he had missed the freebie with me at the local course. "Oh, by the way, did you go look at that place?"
"Oh, you mean .. .. the golf place? Yes, I went."
"How was it? Sorry I couldn't make it."
Oh, I think it's nice. Dinner was good. The course is not quite finished but looks nice. I scheduled it for April. Should be a good fund-raiser for us."
"Great! Pine Hurst was great for us. Big conference facilities. Just the right size dining room for our whole group. Hope we weren't too noisy for the other guests. And you oughta see the rooms. Plush! They offered you a free room, too, didn't they? Did you try it out?"
"Yes, I decided to go the whole route! It was good!"
We had reached home by this time and Talbot Greene didn't come up again.
The house even smelled sexy! I had been cooking my version of French Cassoulet most of the day and the herbs and lusty aroma of lamb and pork filled the house.
"Ohmigod! You've done it again! What a welcome home!" he said, reaching for the lid of the pot. "Mmmmmm, it smells almost as good as you!"
Beth's Can't Miss Cassoulet Recipe
Ingredients for 4 persons: 1/2 pound white kidney beans 1/4 pound thick sliced bacon 1 pound of pork meat (loin, knuckle, one pound lamb meat, 1 nice sausage that you like, 1 pork rind, small can of tomatoes, a hand full of carrots cut in pieces, 4 or 5 small onions, and broken apart sections of one garlic, one ounce of a very good olive oil, a little bouquet of aromatic herbs, 3 cloves, sprinkle of thyme, and salt & pepper to taste.
Meanwhile, simmer all but the pork and lamb and sausage and add to the main pot for another hour and a half. Brown the meat in a little oil, salt and pepper, add it to the pot and simmer for another hour and 1/2)
Finally take out the garnie' bouquet and cut up the rind and anything else that looks too chunky and stir them back in. Finish it with another 20 minutes of high simmering just before serving.
Candles and Groping for Dinner
I finished the Cassoulet while David took a quick shower and then opened a bottle of red wine- Chateau Neuf-du-Pape if you are trying this on your lover.
Candlelight and our shadows groomed the walls of the dining room as we sat down across from each other. David poured the wine into large deep-stemmed glasses. We smiled at each other and touched our glasses in the middle of the table between the towering red candles, then sipped the rich red wine.
The Cassoulet is an all-in-one meal, and the flavor is rich and heavy. To us it is a sexy meal, redolent in sensuous odors and full of complex tastes.
"We may need a second bottle of this. Where did you get it?"
"At Gino's. Is it OK?"
"OK? It's perfect. Better than I had at Pine Hurst! You're getting good at this wine stuff,' he laughed.
"Thank you!" I replied, thinking it was unnecessary to mention Gino's help. I mean, you gotta take credit whenever you can get it. Especially from husbands.
I lifted the lid on the Cassoulet and the aromas deepened as we began.
"Oh, Beth, that is terrific!" he said, and I slipped my shoe off and put my stockinged foot between his legs, resting on the seat of the chair.
"All these compliments! You're trying to get into my panties, right?"
Well, yes, that too!" he laughed, "do you have to be so direct, though?"
He fondled my foot and I pressed closer, my foot touching his cock and wriggling just a little bit.
"Mmmmmm," he said, as we sipped and looked at each other across the table.
"Is that for me, or the Cassolet?" I asked.
"Both, you're both delicious."
He told me more tales from the sales meetings and his foot slipped between my legs and pressed softly against my pussy. His caress of my foot and the pressure on my pussy added nicely to the rich meal; the candlelight and wine enfolded us in a very romantic cocoon. My panties were soon very moist and my nipples jutted against the silk of the dress.
"Open it a little more, darling." he asked.
I looked down at the round softness of my cleavage and loosened the dress still more, letting the lace of my white push-up bra show. His foot pressed more firmly against my pussy. It was a lazy and sensual dinner and I could see that he was getting sleepy from the heavy meal and the wine, all stacked on top of a week of late night revelry.
"You're probably tired, .. .. " I said.
His drowsy eyes bounced open. "Oh, sorry, .. a little, I guess."
"Late night partying?"
"Yeah, some. You ready for bed?"
We put things away, and as I leaned over to blow out the candles, he reached around me, grasped my breasts and pulled me back into his arms. His lips sucked my earlobes, sending a shiver down to my pussy. I could feel his hard cock urging me against the table as his hands fondled and lifted my breasts, squeezing toward the erect nipples.
He pressed his cock firmly into the crease of my bottom, his hips making a fucking motion against my soft bottom. I squirmed back, looking out the bay window and thinking what a scene it would make for a neighbor walking his dog just at this moment. My breasts jutting out of the dress, my white bra showing its support, my husband's hands lifting my breasts like an offering. The whole scene lighted between candles that towered about three feet above the table. We looked at our reflection in the window glass, as he continued playing with my breasts, and watching himself.
I turned in his arms and our tongues played together. His knee parted my legs and I opened them for him to press his body against my mound. My bottom slipped onto the table and he pressed deeper between my open legs until I could feel it, hard and round against my panties. I giggled about sitting on the table.
"Am I dessert?"
"Mmmmm, good Idea!" he pressed me backward, still clinging to the kiss and I was lying between the two candles with the wrap-around dress exposing my stockings, garter belt and panties before him. I put my feet on the arms of the chair he had pulled up. I watched him leer wild-eyed, but weary at the feast before him.
David pressed his lips against the moist spot in my panties and nuzzled my pussy while his hands reached my breasts. I reached between my legs and pulled my panties aside for him and his tongue began its ritualistic attack on my clitoris. I shivered with pleasure as he sucked it between his lips. His hands pushed my bra up to free my breasts and I helped by tugging it all the way up to expose them for him.
"Maybe we should blow out the candles, David. The neighbors?" I said, tightly.
He shook his head against the wetness of my pussy lips, then shook even more vigorously as he moved his mouth down to the entry, and lunged into me with a sharply pointed tongue. I gasped as it entered me and whirled around in an exciting circle. His fingers pinched my nipples, just slightly too hard, sending a shiver down my tummy into the hairy patch between my legs.
Taking his hands from my breasts, he slowly fondled and felt my nylons, as his tongue continued with a wide-ranging tasting of my pussy lips. I moaned with pleasure.
He stood up and unzipped his pants, dropping them to the floor.
"David, not in front of the window!" I said sharply. Too late; he had already put it in. I gasped with mingled pleasure and dismay as the rapier-like head stabbed into me, touching deep on the first urgent lunge.
"David, can't we go to bed and do it? Look at the window."
"I am looking at the window. At us! Looking at us fucking, babe!"
The sight excited him.
I looked over my shoulder and could see the candlelit obscene reflection. There was a grinning David between the dark banded stocking tops and the white garters up my legs to the bulging snaps in the stockings. And David, shirt open to show a display of hairy belly. The hairy line down the middle of his tummy pointed to the top of a triangle of hair at the base of a cock that I could feel but not see. My breasts were golden globes in the candlelight and my arms were out to hold onto the sides of the table as he fucked hard and fast into me.
David smiled an urgent smile as he raised my legs high over the table, his hands clasped around my ankles, twisting the nylon stocking around my leg into tendrils of folded material up my long legs.
I could no nothing but follow the age-old adage, "relax and enjoy it." The excitement of the scene drove David into eager thrusting, his balls slapping rather loudly against my bottom. The tension of being so openly displayed probably made my pussy clench tighter around him.
He couldn't last long at this level of excitement, though and I felt him spurt into me. His eyes closed in pleasure, his hands gripped my ankles tighter and he thrust it into me again and again as spurt after spurt of his semen filled my vagina.
He held his arms out to me and pulled me up against him as his cock relaxed and slipped from my body. We embraced and rocked each other, my bottom still on the table and my panties catching most of the semen now pouring out of my vagina.
He sat down and pressed his face against the panties spanning my tummy and kissed his way across the nylon as his hands fondled my stocking tops a little longer.
I stood up and tenderly pressed his head against my breasts, and he pulled my bra down more or less into place while he nuzzled them with exhausted resignation.
"Maybe I am a little tired." he laughed.
I held his hand while I blew out the candles and then led my happy and satisfied drunk up to bed.
I took off my dress and hung it in its special place at the back of my closet. By the time I had been to the bathroom he was already asleep.
Because he loves to wake up and find me in panties, bra, garter belt and stockings, I didn't undress, nor did I put on a nightie. I climbed into bed beside my snoring husband and kissed his bare back. I stayed that way until he moved with a sleepy irritability away from my hot breath searing a hole in his back.
"Have I got away with it?" I wondered. They say the other almost always senses the truth.
I sighed and headed toward a deep and welcome sleep.