You might want to read Spanish Bull before you read this sequel. Then you will know why I had thrown my twenty three year old, petite, blonde wife, naked, into the sea on what was a busy Spanish beach, and what she had put me through the night before.
You will know about the way my wife ended up naked on a beach, where going topless, with just bikini bottoms, was as daring as it got, but where Sarah walked from the sea with not even a single blonde pubic curl to shield the neat, pink labia that peeped out from her slit.
You will also know how she punished me for losing the bikini bottom she had been wearing, when, having pulled it down her legs in a play fight in the sea, unthinkingly I threw it away from her, and it sank before she reached it, a punishment that made me believe that she was having dinner with a Spanish guy who had picked her up while she was sunbathing, still naked, on the same busy beach, and getting fucked by him, even though we had agreed that we would let nature take its course that holiday, and see if we could start a family.
You will know just how I felt, believing that that was what was happening, experiencing the torment of picturing her with this other guy, not knowing if they would use protection, and all too aware of the hard on that went with thinking about them fucking, and that would not go away, until after she got back, and I punished her for what she had put me through with another fucking, the hardest I had ever given her, and which she loved.
Lastly, you will know that the next morning, the same guy, Franco, had turned up on the beach, where Sarah had decided that if she could sunbathe naked the day before, she could do it that day as well. Another guy was with this Franco, and it turned out that Franco was just a gay hairdresser, his friend Carlos was not just his friend, but rather more, and that Sarah's 'dinner date' had been a late night appointment at Franco's salon to get highlights in her hair, Spanish hours being so much later than in London, followed by some midnight clubbing with Franco and Carlos, just to keep me waiting, and thinking something else was going on.
It was when the guys had gone on down the beach that Sarah had teasingly joked about the way I had been so turned on when I had thought that Franco had actually fucked her, and it was true. My cock had been rock solid all the time that I had been waiting for her to get back, and when she told me what it had been like with Franco, making it all up of course, all I had wanted to do was fuck her myself, like I said, giving her the hardest fucking ever.
It was when Sarah suggested that maybe she would find another guy for real when we were back in London, if that was it made me fuck her, that I picked her up, put her across my shoulders, carried her to the sea and threw her into the water, as punishment for a joke that went too far. So now that you are up to speed, read on.
Sarah stayed under the water for a long, slow motion thirty seconds. I watched as she floundered, before turning in the water, finding her feet on the sand, using her arms to help bring herself upright. Then she was standing, water streaming down her hair, and dripping from her breasts to fall in the water just an inch or two below them. She drew her hair back from her face, her mouth open as she gulped in air, but a smile formed rapidly.
Picking her up, putting her over my shoulder, and carrying her naked past other sunbathers, far enough and deep enough to throw her into the sea, legs and arms scrabbling in the air, splashing a mini tidal wave as she hit the water, I knew I had been taking a chance as to how she would react. Her smile said that things were fine. She really should not have said that bit about finding a guy when we got back to London.
Not that she had been wrong. There was no way that I would admit it to her, but all the time that I had thought that she was getting fucked by Franco, I had been turned on. It was not my choice. That was just how my cock had reacted. I had been hard as I watched her dress for him, stayed hard when she left to meet him, had to live with a rigid cock while walking in the town to get something to eat, and then in bed, when I was waiting for her to get back, my cock had stayed thick, stiff, and pulsating.
Of course I had been relieved when Franco and Carlos had turned up on the beach and I had realised that Sarah had played me, that nothing had happened with Franco, that he was gay, and that it had not been dinner followed by his place, but a late night appointment at a hair salon, followed by drinks at a club with Franco and Carlos. But when Sarah had got back and started describing what Franco supposedly had done to her, I had still been ready to give her the fuck of a life-time.
Just the same, teasing me about liking the way I had been turned on was one thing, but saying that once we were back in London, she would do it for real, was going too far. She deserved what I had just done, although as she stood there facing me, water dripping from her, I was remembering the day before, when she had decided to take revenge for being left naked in the sea, and wondered if she might do the same again. The smile that formed on her lips at least reassured me there were no hard feelings. Or so I thought.
Still smiling, my wife walked to me, reached up to put her arms around my neck, and looked up at me.
"You're really telling me you weren't turned on at all?" Sarah said.
The way she said it, it was not a question. It was a statement. She knew just how turned on I had been. I did not answer. There was no way that I was going to admit it. Instead I bent towards her, my hands holding her slender back and neat buttocks, my lips engaging softly with hers, and for that moment, there was no one else on the beach.
As we kissed, I felt her arm move down between our bodies. Under the water, Sarah's hand slipped inside my swimming shorts, finding my cock, not hard, but getting there. She still had her other hand on my shoulder, and we were still kissing, so it was with that one hand in my shorts that she caressed my cock to full erection. Taking advantage of my being waist deep in the water, my back to the beach, she then lowered the sides of my swimming shorts down past my hips, and eased the front over my erection, so that my cock was standing free, the head just a few inches below the surface of the water.
"Wouldn't you have liked it if Franco really had fucked me?" Sarah asked, still stroking my cock.
I did not answer, but Sarah put both of her hands back around my neck. She used the buoyancy of the water to lift herself, parting her legs on either side of my body, lifting herself, and locking her ankles behind my back. Instinctively, I moved my hands beneath her, taking her weight.
It was not deliberate, but my two hands, one under each of her perfect buttocks, held her open. All Sarah had to do was reach behind, angle my cock to her pussy, and let her body sink down onto it. In spite of the sea water, she was slick with her own secretions, and my cock slid inside so deep I could let go of her buttocks, her weight supported by her arms and legs, tight around me, by the buoyancy of the water, and the strength of my erect shaft lodged deep inside her, eight inches of unyielding support.
Behind me, I knew that there were several hundred people, sunbathing, strolling on the sand, playing beach tennis, reading, talking, and some of them would be looking out to sea, possibly even watching, but all that we were visibly doing was embracing each other. If anyone guessed what was going on beneath the surface, it really did not matter. Sarah's pussy felt delicious around my cock.
"I liked the way you fucked me," Sarah said, looking me in the eyes, still smiling. "I meant what I said. If that's how you fuck me when you think I've just come from someone else, then I really should do it. Maybe I shouldn't wait for London. Maybe I should do it here."
She gave me a mischievous, all knowing grin.
It did not matter whether Sarah genuinely meant what she was saying, or was just using her power to tease. I felt my cock react. It engorged to grow just that extra few millimetres in length, and maybe in girth as well, and it twitched, giving me an awesomely exquisite sensation where my cock head was deep inside her pussy.
Sarah had felt it too. She wriggled her butt, pushing down even harder to get every millimetre of my shaft inside her.
"You see!" she laughed.
I gave up. It really did not matter. Now, at least, from meeting Franco and his boyfriend on the beach, I knew that last night had been just a figment of her imagination. One year into our marriage, my wife was still faithful to her vows. I put one hand under her tight buttocks, and the other on one of her fine boned shoulders.
She was easy to lift. It is why I like petite. You can pick up petite, carry her, turn her every which way you want, and fuck her every which way you want. I had fucked Sarah standing up before, against a wall, and even without a wall, in the middle of our bedroom. She is that light. Even without the buoyancy of the water, she is so easy to pick up, and then lower onto my cock, and fuck. I have even turned her upside down, and held her, legs parted, while I have licked between her labia, and while, head down at my groin, she has sucked my cock.
So lifting Sarah with just one hand beneath her buttocks, while standing in the sea, was easy. I lifted her right to where only my cock head was inside her. Then I pushed down with the hand that was on her shoulder, ramming her onto my cock.
The cry that my wife gave was somewhere between a groan and a banshee shriek. I checked behind for anyone rushing to save what might have been a drowning woman, as Sarah clamped herself to me, still shuddering from the aftershock.
Shuddering she might have been, but Sarah likes it hard.
"Again," she said a moment later.
No one on the beach had seemed to notice, so I did it again. I raised her up, and rammed her down. Then I did it again. And again. And again.
It must have felt good for her, because while she controlled that scream, she whimpered every time I pushed her down, and it was not that long before she came. Mind you, it was at least as good for me.
Petite is tight around your cock, and each time I pushed her back down my cock slid fast and deep inside her pussy, the head forcing its way all the way back up and into her delicious inner depths, the tightness of her pussy pulling deliciously on my frenum, until the spasming of her pussy around my cock took me to the tipping point where I could not hold back, so that as she was still shuddering and quivering from her orgasm, and while still standing waist deep in the sea, my cock was firing white hot semen into my wife's delicious cunt.
We slowly calmed after the storm, Sarah's arms and legs still locked around me, our mouths locked again, and I thought how lucky I was to have this wonderful, gorgeous, sexy woman as my wife, to fuck and to hold, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, and all the other vows that we had made about being obedient and faithful and everything else.
Walking from the sea, my shorts adjusted, but Sarah still naked and unconcerned, I thought how amazing she was, not worrying what a beach full of people might think, when, for all she or I knew, alongside the water still trickling down her body, some of my come was almost certainly oozing from between her lower lips, her smooth, hairless pubis concealing nothing from anyone we passed.
Sarah might have been unconcerned, but I was still scanning the beach for any sign of officialdom, any indication that anyone might have seen, might have known what we had been doing, and might remonstrate with us. No one did, but I relaxed only when we were back at our towels, and Sarah was lying down, less conspicuous. Only then did I properly take in what we had just done. Inside, I smiled.
My faithful, obedient wife did not, however, let me forget about Franco, and what I had thought had happened the night before. For the next few days she would remind me with little comments, repeatedly saying that she knew that it had turned me on, and either asking me if I would like her to find a guy who was not gay, and do it for real, or just telling me that before the holiday was over, she would do it, because she knew that I would like it if she did.
She would talk about it on the beach, and I would have to turn over onto my front to hide the growing tent in my swimming shorts. She would say it over dinner, and I would grateful for the table cloth hiding the size of my cock pushing my trousers out of shape.
Mostly, or maybe I should say at greater length and with more descriptive detail, Sarah would talk about letting this imaginary guy fuck her while we were making love, and she revelled in the effect this had on me.
Hearing your wife talking about how it would feel to have another guy coming inside her is seriously hot, even if it is not what she should be saying. There are only two ways to stop her. One is to clamp your hand over her mouth. It is effective, but it restricts your movement, and you lose your rhythm fucking her. The other way is to slam your cock even harder, so that she cries out and moans and groans so much she cannot utter another word.
That second way is more enjoyable, but it is also exactly what she wants, so having learned how you will respond, as soon as you slow down, she will describe her fantasy even more, to make you fuck her hard like that again.
At first, Sarah said that she would wait until the last night of the holiday, but then she changed that, saying that we should enjoy our last night together, so maybe it would be better the night before.
She even left me one morning for an hour, calling in at the hair salon, saying that Franco might know someone who would enjoy fucking her. He might be a gay hairdresser, but he would have friends who would like to fuck a woman, even if it was just one night with her.
It got to our second last day.
At nine in the morning, we were still in bed.
Sarah's phone signalled an incoming text. I was turned away from her, but I sensed her pick up the phone and check it.
"Franco's found a guy for me," she said, putting down the phone.
I froze where I lay, or at least most of me did. My heart did not freeze. It started pounding, hard. My cock did not freeze either. It just grew, from flaccid to rigid, in milliseconds.
"He says to come by the salon around nine, after we've had dinner."
I kicked my brain into gear. I knew what was going on. Hearing her tell me what was in the text, my physical reaction had been instinctive, but I was not going to be caught twice. It was obviously just another wind up.
"Sure, fine," I said. "Sounds good."
My heart and cock might have reacted, but I was determined that I was not going to let Sarah play me yet again. Instinct, from between my legs, was telling me to turn around, mount her, and fuck her, but somehow I resisted the impulse. My head said not to give her the satisfaction. I do not mean the sexual satisfaction. I mean the satisfaction of being able to turn me on at will, but telling that someone else was going to fuck her.
I used the standard trick. I made myself think about some work issues waiting in my London office. Focusing hard on them enabled my erection to subside. Then I could turn over.
"Breakfast?" I asked. "Then the beach?"
Sarah did not give up. She was determined to get the reaction from me that she wanted. She asked me over our coffee, Spanish rolls and jam, whether I was really sure I did not mind. I assured her I was fine with it. One fictitious roll with a Spaniard would not affect our marriage.
She asked again on the beach. I hardly put down my book. If that was what she wanted, it was okay by me. She asked at lunch, a buffet of salads and cold meats. She was having spicy sausage with her salade mixte. As long as it was only sex, I said, I really did not care what kind of sausage she enjoyed.
Putting it simply, there was no way that I was going to let Sarah bluff me into a reaction a second time around. After dinner, she could just do her thing with Franco, pretend to be with this other guy, while I hit a couple of bars, and later, back at our hotel, we could enjoy her little fantasy while making out.
In fairness, Sarah put every effort into making me believe it was for real. Getting ready for dinner, she shaved every place she needed to while she was in the shower. I was shaving my own five o'clock shadow at the basin, and could see through the slightly misted shower glass. Watching your wife is a voyeuristic pleasure that is a husband's right.
The black silk dress she chose was even sexier than the one she had worn for Franco, or than any she had worn that holiday. The silk clung to her figure, moulding itself to her breasts and buttocks. Her nipples pushed against it, proving that there was nothing underneath the silk other than her slender body.
At the back, a silver button held the dress together at the neckline. Then, all the way from the neckline right to the cleft of her trim buttocks her back was bare. Even the sides of her breasts were bare. And as if that were not enough, the left hand side of the dress confirmed it as the serious fuck me dress that it so clearly was.
On the right, the silk curved around her waist, round her hip and over her buttocks, leaving the top half inch of buttock cleft displayed. On the left, only a pair of two inch silver chains held the front and back together, one just above her pelvis, and level with her pubis.
While the outlines of her nipple stubs, and her naked back, said that beneath the silk her breasts were bare, the absence of any fabric of any kind, crossing that exposed left side of her slender body, between the chains, said that her buttocks and pubis also were bare beneath the fine, black, knee length silk.
As Sarah moved around the bedroom, checking her hair, perfecting her lipstick, and slipping on black, high heeled, strappy shoes, the open left side of her dress bared her legs, and threatened to bare even more. Seated to do her make up, the front fell between her legs, dangerously close to her pubis. I wondered how it would be if she went clubbing, and what might be revealed on the dance floor. I also thought that this was no dress to wear outside if there were even the slightest breeze.
We made our way to the restaurant where we would eat before she left for Franco's salon, the front of Sarah's dress swaying as I had thought it would. A wicked side of my imagination wished that the light breeze playing with the hem was just a little stronger. My teasing wife deserved to be exposed.
What we ate for dinner does not matter. It was good, but slightly rushed, since Sarah was due at Franco's salon by nine o'clock. She checked her watch twice as we waited for our main courses, and again as we were finishing, saying that she would have to go, and that she did not have time for a desert. She also said that she needed to thank me. She could not believe that I was letting her do this. She would make it up to me. The act was good.
We had been sitting at an outside table, so her leaving me was smooth and easy. We both stood up. We kissed. She said that she would see me later. I told her to enjoy it, thinking of her sitting in the salon, whiling away the time with Franco and his boyfriend, until she could come back to the hotel and pretend that something more had happened.
As a parting shot, Sarah whispered into my ear.
"I thought I'd let him do it bare."
Then she broke away, grinned, and sauntered down the street. I watched her petite body weaving through the tourist crowd, tanned back, slender golden legs, the left lag flashing naked to her buttock, until she disappeared.
It was just like my wife to play the ultimate tease at the last moment, saying that she would let him do it bare. If anything that told me that a tease was all it was. There was no way that she would risk it. Not when her cycle meant that round about now was when she was most fertile. I grinned at the cheek of her, the nearly exposed buttock cheek, and the tease that she was.
The waiter took away our plates and asked if we wanted anything more, desert or coffee. I guess that he assumed Sarah had gone inside to use the rest room. I asked for the cuenta, and sipped at the remaining wine while waiting for it to arrive. I paid, still lingering over my wine, even though I knew the restaurant would want the table freed for a second set of covers. The season lasted only so long, and I knew they had to make the most of it. But ten minutes more before I left would make no difference. Fifteen minutes later, I saw Helga.
Not that I knew her name, or had ever set eyes on her before, but she was in a bar that I was passing, and I liked the black waves of hair, the blue denim shirt tied beneath full breasts, the high cut denim shorts and infinitely long legs, and the fact that she was on her own. It seemed an ideal opportunity to find out if I still had what it took.
It seemed I did.
Helga smiled, and I went over. That was when I learned her name, and established that she was German, that she had a week's solo holiday before going back to Berlin, that she had a black alsatian her father was looking after while she was away, and various other bits and pieces about her and her life. She also knew a good place to go and dance.
Dancing would keep my mind off Sarah.
While finishing my wine, back at the restaurant, the thought had crossed my mind that just maybe, I was wrong. That maybe there really was another guy.
Talking with Helga, my brain flashed a message that maybe, if the guy did exist, then they might already be heading to his flat, or hotel room, or wherever they would fuck.
Walking to the club, as well as liking that I could still pick up a stunning, tall, full breasted, German woman, I was also thinking that maybe my wife would soon be taking off her fuck me dress, and opening her fuck me legs to offer this guy her fuck me cunt.
Inside the club, Helga came close, and felt my rigid cock press against her denim. She gave me a knowing smile, thinking it was for her.
I stayed on low alcohol. I wanted to be able to perform later. Helga liked her vodka. Between ten and midnight she had three or four, on top of the ones she had already had back at the bar. Soon after midnight the below breast knot in her shirt came loose. She did not care. She just let the shirt hang open, not caring if the sides were wide enough to bare her breasts.
No one cared. They were impressive breasts, full, white, with three inch wide brown areoles and half inch proud stubs of nipples. No wonder I had felt those nipple stubs pressing against my chest, especially since Helga's left nipple had the twin steel balls of a bar-bell piercing, nestling on either side of it.
By then, I was more than in with a chance. Helga was offering herself on a plate, with ice cream and chocolate sauce.
I was still as rock hard as I had been when she first pressed against me in the club. Every so often my brain had reminded me that Sarah's tease might not have been a tease. She would have known that she could not play the same game twice. Teasing me with another fiction was a waste of time. Which meant that only way to tease for real would be to fuck for real.
Pictures of her, on her knees in front of some Spanish guy, or on her back beneath him, or on her hands and knees with him behind her, kept intruding in my head, and then Helga would wipe them all away with the loosely hanging sides of her denim shirt, and the caress of hard nipple stubs against my shirt.
We were dancing to some slower music when I saw Franco at the bar. Then Carlos. As a couple of other dancers moved to one side, I saw Sarah there as well, sipping what might have been white wine.
Helga noticed I was looking to the side, and turned to see what I was looking at. Her breast had been against my chest. Turning bared her nipple, the one with the bar-bell that went right through.
I read my wife's eyes, knowing that she had seen the exposed, pierced German nipple that I had just been teasing with my finger tips.
Sarah reached for Franco's shoulder, saying something. He looked at her for several seconds. Then he put his drink down on the bar and spoke to Carlos. A moment later, all three were gone.
I thought to follow. I also thought that at least I knew there was no other guy. Sarah with two gay Spanish guys was not a problem. My problem was that she had just seen me with a German girl who liked to bare her breasts. Dancing close. My hand level with her breast. Not just any breast. A breast with a stiffly erect, pierced nipple between two glinting balls of steel on either side.
That was when Helga asked the question.
"We fuck me later, yes, or do I find another guy?"
I apologised. I said to find another guy, that that had been my wife.
She gave me an 'are you mad?' kind of look. Then she caressed my hard on through my trousers, said something about my wife being a lucky woman, and moved away, retying her shirt, and scanning the club for other, single guys.
I left, hoping to catch sight of Sarah and the guys. I needed to get things straight, to apologise, and hope that my wife would not think that what she had seen had been anything had been more than it was, a mild diversion that would have led to nothing.
No Sarah. No guys. Nowhere in sight. I swore to myself. All I could do was head back to the hotel.
It was close to one. Our room was empty, just as we had left it. I wondered how long Sarah would give it before returning. I thought about Helga as I undressed, regretfully, in more ways than one. Regret that Sarah had seen us, of course. Regret also that I had not been free to enjoy that svelte German body, to suck on that pierced nipple, and to discover what lay beneath those denim shorts, smooth like Sarah, or jet black curls to match her German mane, a slit, or protruding labia, maybe another piercing to match her bar-bell, a ring perhaps, set through fleshy labia. I would never know.
Just to be clear, I never would have know anyway, even if Sarah and the Spanish guys had not turned up, I would not have gone there. Helgaas a distraction on the dance floor was fine, but I was not about to be unfaithful. I would have wanted to, but reluctantly, I would still have told Helga 'no'.
I cleaned my teeth, looking at myself in the bathroom mirror. I just wanted Sarah back. It was time to end the games.
I sank onto the bed, getting under the cotton sheet that was all that was needed in the warmth of a Spanish night. I used the master switch on the headboard to turn off the main lights, and left on just the bedside lamp on Sarah's side. It was not part of the plan, but I fell asleep, and did not wake until Sarah kissed my shoulder.
"Hi," she said.
My back was to her, and I could feel her breasts soft against me, her nipples hard, her hand reaching over me, feeling for my cock.
I might have gone to sleep, but that one part of me had not. My cock was still as hard as it had been with Helga, as if it had been thinking, all the time that I had been sleeping, that Sarah was letting someone else do to her what my cock had been waiting to do, ever since Franco's text that morning.
"Hi," I managed to say, still half asleep.
"Who was she?" she asked.
"Just someone I met."
"You seemed pretty close."
"It wasn't anything."
"So you weren't fondling her nipple?"
"Okay, yes, but that was all."
"Was it pierced? I couldn't see."
"Yes."
"Did you like that?"
"If I'm honest, then yes," I said. "But it was just a bit of play."
"So you didn't plan to fuck her?"
"No."
"What happened then?"
"I came out and looked for you. I didn't see you, so I just came back here."
"So you really didn't get a fuck?"
"No."
"I did."
All the time we had been talking, Sarah had been holding my cock, her fingers around the shaft, slowly moving up and down. So when my cock twitched in reaction to those two words, she sensed it.
"I wasn't planning to," she said, "but when I saw you with that slut I decided to. Franco and Carlos are bi. I let them fuck me."
My cock gave another involuntary twitch. My heart was doing the same pounding thing that it had done that morning. My head was saying no, she was just saying it. She was punishing me again, playing me, and maybe I deserved it.
"How was it?" I asked.
"You don't mind?" Sarah asked.
"I guess it's only fair," I said. "You really had both of them?"
By then I was awake enough to reach for my watch. It was something after four. More than three hours since she had caught me in the club. More than enough time.
"I wouldn't have, but you seemed so okay with my letting some guy fuck me, and then when I saw you ..."
Listening to her, and feeling her hand slowly but steady stroking up and down on my cock, I liked the way she was still using her imagination to turn me on, and I was by then awake enough to be ready to turn around and take her.
"So they're not gay?" I asked before I turned.
"Bi," she said.
Something about the way she said it rang an alarm bell. It was the shortest possible answer she could give. No complicated explanation. They were bi-sexual, that was all. Simple.
I turned around. She kept hold of my cock, bringing her hand between us instead of around me. I put my arm around her and looked into her eyes.
"So how was it, having two gay guys?" I asked, still not really believing her.
"Good," she said. "But not as good as having you, having the guy I love, even he picks up other women."
"They both fucked you?"
She nodded ever so slightly, her head moving on the pillow. She was still looking into my eyes, not breaking off contact, not looking to one side for inspiration in a story she was making up.
"On the floor, and then in bed."
This time I said nothing, and just waited to see what else my wife would say. It took a moment, but then she went on.
"First Franco got me to suck him, on my hands and knees. While I was doing it, Carlos went behind me. It felt amazing, two cocks, both at once."
I still did not believe her, but she was quite convincing.
"Later, they did it the other way around, on Franco's bed. I sucked Carlos, while Franco fucked me."
"Really?" I said. "Even though ..."
I was trying to convey the total disbelief I had in what she was telling me, and that I knew that there was no way that she would risk two guys both coming inside her when anything could happen.
"I was angry, " she said. "I wouldn't have let them do it bare, if I hadn't seen you with her like that."
I kissed her forehead, still disbelieving every word.
"It's okay," I said.
On principle I am always willing to be okay with anything that never happened.
"Show me," Sarah said.
"Show you what?" I asked.
"Show me it's okay. Go down on me." she said. "Show me you don't mind I let them come in me."
I have never minded going down, whether on Sarah, or any of the women I enjoyed before I met her. Using my tongue to give pleasure is almost as pleasurable for me, unless, of course, I bring her to orgasm, in which case her pleasure is greater than mine, but it is still incredible satisfying giving her that pleasure.
Sarah turned onto her back.
I moved down and between her legs, parting them even more, and running my fingers down the sides of her pussy, where her labia protruded, and where, if I were honest, they looked thicker, and reddened, as if they had been abused. Maybe she had done that to herself.
I eased her labia apart with my fingers, lowered my head, and ran my tongue in the crevice between those parted labia, right to her clit. She moaned. Giving pleasure is a pleasure. Except she tasted bitter.
I knew that taste. I had licked her often enough after coming in her myself. The taste of come is bitter, my come, or in this case, someone else's. My wife had someone else's semen in her cunt. She had played for real, even though the stakes were high. Gambling her egg against someone else's sperm.
FUCK!! Fuck, fuck and fuck!! FUCK!!
This was supposed to have been a game. A wind up. I already knew for sure, but even so I checked, running my tongue between her labia a second time. There was no question. I could taste the come. Franco's? Carlos'? Or both? FUCK!!
This was supposed to be the holiday where we were seeing what happened, letting nature take its course. That was what had got me that other night, a week ago, when she had said that she was meeting Franco, that she might let him fuck her without protection, while any day around then, around now, she could be fertile. And now she really had let him, let them, fuck her. FUCK!!
A week ago it had been a wind up. Or so I thought. Maybe it had not been. Maybe Franco and Carlos turning up on the beach as boyfriends had just been a cover. Maybe.
But this time there was no maybe. My wife's cunt tasted of come. This was serious. Whether it was another guy, or Franco, or Carlos, or both Franco and Carlos, Sarah had Spanish semen, tasting of bitter olives from a bar top tapas, coating her labia, and had let one, or two, Spanish men spurt their sperm inside her, sperm that would still be flicking their Spanish tails, seeking out an egg, any egg, because sperm do not care whose womb they are swimming in. They just swim back and forth, ready to push through the egg wall with their Spanish sperm heads, and kick-start cells into dividing and dividing. Any egg will do. My wife's fertile egg would do just fine. Muchas gracias! FUCK!!
I stopped what I was doing. I moved myself up Sarah's body, taking my weight on my arms, looking down at her.
"You actually let them come inside?" I asked, incredulous that she had taken such a risk.
"It's fine," she said. "Franco said so. They've both had the snip."
"And you believed him?"
"He knew we were trying," Sarah said. "I told him last week while he was putting my highlights in. I don't think he'd have lied."
"FUCK!!"
That was the first time that I had said it out loud.
It was possible of course. They were both in their fifties. They might both have been circumcised. It was also possible that Franco had lied. That he had just wanted to fuck Sarah without any latex inconvenience. Why would he worry? They had an English "cono" they could fuck, and she was married with a husband. What did it matter if they came inside her? It would be her husband's problem.FUCK!!
Maybe he even got off on fucking fertile tourists. Maybe he liked to see himself as a bull, a thrusting Spanish bull, whose cojones he liked to empty into the cunt of any English, Dutch and German woman who would lie back and part her legs. Maybe he liked it that Sarah and I were trying for a family. Maybe it turned him on that she was fertile, and that we might fly home to England his Spanish sperm inside her egg, bringing it to life, making a real cuckold of the husband. FUCK!!
I lowered myself. My cock found its way all on its own. It slid into her. Deep. Deep enough to feel the difference in the way she felt. Not quite as tight. Wetter. Not just wet in the sense of sliding smoothly, but more than that. How many fucking times had they come in her?
I asked her.
"Two," she said. "No, maybe three," correcting herself.
"Altogether?" I asked.
"Each," she said. "Maybe,... I'm not sure,... maybe Carlos came one more time. I think he might have."
It no longer sounded as if she was making it up, and I could not see why she should. Even if it had been just one guy, coming once inside her, she knew that I would have tasted the come from between her lower lips. But five times? Twice each and maybe Carlos one more time? No. She had to be making that up. I hoped.
That was when I started fucking her. I mean really fucking her, the way the fucking slut deserved to be fucked. I hammered into her. Absolutely no fucking mercy. She might be a fucking slut but she needed to know whose fucking slut she was. She was my fucking slut. Mine, not theirs. She was wearing my ring. Her pussy belonged to me. Her cunt was mine.
Incredibly, all Sarah did was beg me to keep fucking her. He wrapped her arms and legs around me, gasping with each of my thrusts, but still telling me to fuck her harder. She kissed my neck and chest, sucked on my nipples, gripped my buttocks with her spayed fingers, and urged me on with every moan and cry.
I did exactly as she asked, not because she was asking me, but because in my head my cock was an instrument of punishment. I fucked her hard, fast and furious, until she was crying and whimpering and begging me to come inside her, and then I gave her what she was begging for, and spewed my pent up sperm deep into her, into my wife's cunt, into my fucking slut wife's cunt, into the pussy that I adored.
We slept afterwards. I held her tight. Spoons.
Her buttocks turned to my groin.
I woke in the morning, my brain working overtime. I had said that it was okay with me, although when I said it I had not realised that she had actually let them fuck her. I had been thinking it was just made up. Now I knew, but it still had to be okay. I wanted her.
Maybe there was actually something to be admired. I had been impressed that after that day when I had thrown her bikini bottom in the sea, Sarah had continued to go naked on the beach, a normal 'textile' beach. She had sunbathed naked every day since then, getting an all over tan, and she had swum naked, and even played more beach tennis naked. She had broken the rules, and I had been impressed.
In a way, I was also impressed that my wife, petite and vulnerable looking as she was, had let these two Spanish guys do what they did to her. How many wives would do that? It was against the rules. She had broken the rules, and while I was still concerned that one of the guys might not have been firing blanks, in some crazy way, I had to admire her for her daring.
Still lying in spoons, I kissed Sarah's shoulder. She gave an appreciative moan, snuggling back towards me. We would be okay. It would be nice to know for sure though. Had it been both guys? Both at once? Or was she just saying that? Maybe I would never know for sure.
That last day, we did not make breakfast. We fucked most of the morning. What is it about some other guys fucking you wife that makes you want to fuck her all the more? And makes her want it more as well?
We did hit the beach that afternoon, but by six we were back in bed, fucking like rabbits.
Sarah wore the same black silk dress to dinner. Whether she was deliberately reminding me of what had happened the night before, or just wearing it again because she looked so good in it, I still kept picturing her on her hands and knees, sucking Franco's cock, while Carlos wasshafting her from behind.
It was Sarah's idea to go to the club where she had caught me with Helga. To my relief, Helga was not there. While we were dancing, Sarah asked how Helga's shirt had ended up hanging open. I said I did not know, and she said that probably, she had done it on purpose, to turn me on. Then she asked me if it had worked, adding that she had seen my cock was hard.
The truth was that I had been hard from wondering about Sarah had been doing, but I did not tell her that. Instead I just said maybe.
In answer, Sarah gathered the silk front of her dress, which you will remember was not just backless, but was cut close to her breasts on either side. She bunched it at her neck, so that it was tight over her breasts, then moved her hand down, drawing the silk between her breasts, baring them.
I remembered Sarah calling Helga a slut, and guessed that she was showing that she could be just as much of a slut for me, if that was what I liked.
Back at our hotel we fucked again. I was impressed again with my wife's daring, this time at the club. While we fucked, I pictured her naked on the beach, bare breasted at the club, and the other image that was not from memory, but was my imagined reconstruction of what she had described, Sarah with the two guys who had fucked her just the night before.
As for whether it had really been both Franco and Carlos who had fucked my wife, the truth emerged, but unexpectly.
We were at the airport, waiting for our flight, when Sarah needed to use the toilet and left me with our hand-luggage in the departure lounge.
Her phone, from somewhere in her hand-bag, gave that same tone that said a text had just arrived, a little muffled by the soft leather of the bag.
I calculated rapidly. Sarah had just left me. Allowing for the time to get to the washrooms, to go inside, do what she needed to, and then get back, I had maybe two or three minutes. Maybe longer, but at least two minutes. Just enough time to risk it. I unzipped her bag.
"A nuestro pequeño coño delicioso, Franco," was what the text said. Then the photos started to download.
I knew that cono meant cunt. Delicioso, was obvious. The rest I guessed.
"To our delicious little cunt, Franco."
Short, and to the point.
To take the photos, he must have been holding his phone in his right hand, and back a bit, to get the angle. In the first, Sarah - and it had to be Sarah, since the black silk dress was rucked up around her waist - was on her hands and knees, her head right up against his groin, her nose pressed against his stomach. His other hand, not the one holding the phone, was at the back of her head. There was only one place where his cock could be, and since I had seen its size on the beach, the head had to be some way down her throat. I was impressed that she could do that.
The other guy was behind her. His face was not in shot, but I assumed that it was Carlos. His groin was pressed hard against her buttocks. His hands were at her waist. He was obviously pulling her to him, or pulling himself deeper into her. There were two places this guy's cock could be, but from the position he was in, it looked like it was her cunt that his cock was deep inside
The second photo, when it opened, had to be some time later. They were on a bed, white sheets rucked. She was facing away from the phone's camera, her back slender, her rib cage and spine defined beneath taut, tanned skin, blonde hair falling loose around her head and shoulders, nestling at what I assumed was Carlos' groin. I knew where Carlos' cock would be.
It was the foreground of the photo that made me look to see if Sarah was returning, and check my watch. I had maybe one more minute.
Rapidly, I forwarded the text to my number. Then I deleted the text and photos from Sarah's phone. I put her phone back in her hand-bag and zipped it closed. I turned to look again, this time more nonchalantly. Sarah came into view, smiling.
"Hi," she said, as she rejoined me.
We kissed.
I thought of the second photo, Francos' cock, or an inch of it, Sarah's cunt stretched around his shaft, the other six or seven inches of his cock inside her. No condom in sight. Just his cock deep in her cunt, skin on skin, the exposed inch of his shaft slick with secretions, and a globule of white something at one side, the semen that he had released inside my wife, or maybe Carlos' semen from already having come in her before Franco took his turn.
"Love you," I said.
"Love you, too," she answered.
I still look at those photos several times a day. It is an incredible turn on. I am looking at them as I am writing this, and I am hard. I am also still taking in what I guess was the inevitable consequence of that holiday, hoped for, but not with the added complications that those photos record for ever.
Eight months on, and seven months since the test showed blue, I still love my wife more than ever, especially her swollen belly. We still fuck as often as we can as well. With her belly the way it is, doggy has become essential, but I love fucking her like that, thinking about the life inside her, and what might, or might not be.
Franco might have told Sarah the truth about him, and Carlos, both having had vasectomies. Then again, Franco might have made it up. Or it might have been just him, not Carlos, or the other way around. If Franco lied, I guess the odds are five to one, that it was Spanish sperm that got there first, since that's how many times Sarah says they came in her.
I tell you it is one hell of a thought that your wife might have been inseminated by another guy, more so when it could be one of two other guys, both of whom you know for sure, fucked her, and fired their sperm inside her at the crucial time.
However the medics do it, they reckon it was at most one day either side of that night that Sarah's egg was fertilised.
Not that the medics know anything about Franco and Carlos, or ever will. Nobody gets to know about them. Not even in four week's time.
Of course, it helps that my hair is as black as any Spaniard's, and my complexion tans so naturally. If I were blond, like Sarah, there would be some explaining needed, for her and my parents, friends and family, if a dark haired baby were to arrive. As it is, no matter how dark the baby's hair, no one will suspect a thing.
"Do you mind?" Sarah had asked me. "I mean, not knowing for sure."
That was soon after the test was blue, and after she had accepted that Franco may not have told the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
You cannot change the past. But a paternity test will never happen. Who cares what the result might be?
My darling, daring, slut of a wife took a risk that no other wife would do, and I love that she let that happen. I love thinking about it while we are making love. I love those photos. I will love our child as if it were my own, which in any case, it may well be. No one will ever know what happened back in Spain that year, or whose sperm won the race.