It was a sultry evening as the plane touched down on the Cancun airstrip, and the eager couple deplaned for a week of revelry and holiday in the tropical resort community. This was to be the tropical adventure they often fantasized about, but was soon to turn into a sexual adventure beyond their wildest imaginings. The taxi whisked them from the airport to the resort where they checked into their 8th floor room with a thrilling view out across the bay.
Being quite late there was just enough time to stop down to the hotel restaurant for a quick bite before turning in for the evening. Even so, the air was thick with the scents and sounds of the tropics. A local band playing gentle calypso tunes lured them into the lounge for the tasty flavor of a margarita or two before turning in for the evening. This pair from the northlands of Montana, USA was a little taken aback by the casual dress of the other vacationers and the locals in the lounge and restaurant. White or colorful floral prints were the colors of choice, but those beautiful tanned bodies virtually glowed through the filmy material the dresses and blouses were made of.
"I can see I'm going to have to hit the local shops and pick out a whole different wardrobe," Sensia murmured giving Logan a sly smile.
"Mmmm," Logan responded. "I swear I don't think that senorita has a thing on under that cute little cotton dress with the flowers."
"I wondered if you'd noticed that," Sensia replied. "Those flowers are strategically located to hide her short hairs in the front, but that's all. You'll notice though, she's not the only one in the lounge that left her panties in her room, my, my, my. I suddenly feel conspicuously over dressed," she laughed as she subtly slipped her own panties off and tossed them to Logan to put in his pocket.
"... and we're going to be here for a whole week," Logan chuckled to himself. "We will have to get you a whole new outfit, but we won't have to spend anything on underwear I guess," he quipped to Sensia.
"Really," Sensia responded, mesmerized by the swirling dancers, the exotic music and the margaritas, "this is going to be a delightful week."
"As they say, 'when in Rome...'" Logan added, laughing and marveling that he could see the pretty ladies tits at the next table.
"Well, come on, wild man, let's go get some sleep," Sensia prompted. "I'm exhausted from the trip and we need to be fresh on the morrow for this scene." At that they eased out of the lounge, margaritas in hand, to their room for a night's welcome rest.
Waking around 9:00 the next morning the eager pair made delicious leisurely love. They then greeted the brilliantly sunny tropical day for their first outing to the beach. Finding a suitable spot they settled in a few yards from the clear blue waters lapping gently on the white sandy shores.
"Ah me, this has to be life at its best," Logan remarked. "That water is a perfect temperature, and the sun doesn't seem to be real hot either. For a weekday there are a lot of people out here, but then, in a paradise resort, everyday is a holiday I suppose."
"No shit Sherlock," Sensia replied, "In a place like this it's vacation all the time. I love it. This is wonderful, like I'd pictured tropical vacation - white sandy beaches, sun beaming down, clear gentle blue waters, women and best of all, men with hardly a thing on. I'm glad I got a good tan before we came."
"Oh, you can bet we'll be incredibly tanned quick hanging out here," Logan added. "Here, I'll put some lotion on your back. I suspect we could burn even with a base in a place like this."
Sensia stretched out on her stomach on the towel and Logan leisurely applied the lotion starting at her shoulders and working down to her pretty bottom. "I'd better put some on the backs of your thighs too since they're not as tanned." He applied the lotion spreading it on her thighs. He slowly worked his way up to the tantalizing cleft where her lovely thighs meet her sweet mound, covered by a narrow band of material.
Sensia encouraged his casual explorations, spreading her lovely thighs, allowing his access to her tenderness. Casually spreading the lotion to the thin strip of her swimsuit, he fondled her sweet mound through the material. The caress lasted only a moment, and Logan sat back to apply lotion to his own arms and body.
"See that over there, hon'. That's what we're getting for you to wear," Sensia smiled, directing Logan to a pair of tanned young fellas stretched out on towels about 10 feet up the beach. They, as many other men on the beach, wore a bikini swim trunk that literally cupped their balls and cock in the minimum of a triangle of material. "Oh my, look at those pretty bare tanned buns on that guy," she quipped. "You don't see swim suits like that on the beaches back home. Don't you think you should have something like that while we're here? You're always running around in as little as possible anyway."
"Ha, ha, my dear, I wouldn't dare," Logan laughed. "What would I do with a hardon? There's no place for it to grow, and that little strip of material between the cheeks must be uncomfortable, no?"
"Oh come on now, be a sport," Sensia chided. "Those boys don't look like they're worried about a hardon. Oooooh, in fact that one is about half erect as it is. I can't believe it," she murmured, "I think I can even make out his cock head and the ridge down the front. This is wild. It would be fun to tease one to a full hardon and see exactly where the whole thing does fit. We have to go shopping later."
Logan chuckled thinking about the great swimsuit shopping effort before they flew down to this tropical paradise. Sensia ended up with two suits, one of them a one piece, relatively modest but quite attractive. It had a fair amount of openness in the back, right down to the crack between her pretty cheeks. The other had been ordered by her disgusting companion, with a white band across her top to just cup her bountiful, pretty tits. Below a white band went around her waist and a thin white strip dropped from below her navel, barely concealing her pubic area, freshly shaved for the occasion. It narrowed to just barely cover the sweetness between her legs. A thin strip then made a line up her backside between her pretty, and sweetly bare bottom cheeks.
Up in the northlands a suit like that would have been an absolute scandal. As they stretched out on this gorgeous beach in the sun, it was evident minimal was the norm and only much older or truly out of shape wore one piece outfits. Prior to departure on this odyssey, Sensia worked out like a fiend at the Club. She wanted to be sure she bared her ultimate hard body, tight buns, muscular legs, flat tummy, perky tits, all so lithe, pretty and ready to display. On this beach in fact, many of the pretties just barely covered the bottoms and pretty tanned tits were unabashedly out for all to enjoy.
"Maybe we'll go shopping later," Logan conceded, "and maybe I'll even get a little tropical slingshot, but I won't wear mine unless you wear yours. For that matter, we'll check out those cool filmy floral cotton dresses for you for our evenings out, too. Of course, we won't need to get any panties, ha, ha."
"Ha, ha, ha," Sensia laughed, "I do want something like that. They look so nice and cool - and kind of fun, like running around naked. Let's get some lunch and head out to the shops," she smiled nudging Logan along.
Later that afternoon Logan and Sensia reappeared on the Cancun sands decked out in their tropical finery, consisting of fresh tans and a few strips of material positioned to conceal areas of strategic importance.
"Oh, these cool waters are delicious on a scorcher afternoon like this," Sensia bubbled. "This is so perfect isn't it?"
"Oh yeah," Logan murmured as he drifted on his back in the refreshing waters, "I could stay here absolutely forever."
They splashed and floated and swam for a half hour or more. By then they both felt comfortable enough to come out of the water and settle on their towels without feeling outrageously naked in the tropical sun.
"It's really a matter of being here in this crowd long enough to realize that nearly everyone is running around equally naked or more so," Logan commented as a couple of guys his own age went by with the same kind of mini-swimsuits on.
"Yeah, when you're thinking about coming out here wearing something like this, you swear everyone will stare at you," Sensia observed. "Being here a bit, you realize no one looks at any one person in particular since all are nearly naked. Even the ladies without tops on are so many that they don't draw many looks either," she laughed pulling the string and letting her top drop to the towel, her marvelous tits bouncing free. "Of course, those two guys over there have rubber in their necks the way they gawk around every time bare tits go by," Sensia chuckled. "They're cute guys, probably fun to torment. You know, we should figure out where the nude beach is. It would be a rush to hang out naked with a whole beach full of people wouldn't it?" Sensia suggested feeling braver the longer she hung around.
"Ah, there is my wild side Sensia talking," Logan laughed. "Bet your boots, or your boobs, there must be a place to literally hang out in a tropical world where everyone is so nearly nude anyway. We'll check out what's on the other side of that little ridge of rocks that runs down the beach into the water tomorrow."
***************
After a few more hours on the beach, Sensia and Logan gave it up for the day. Too much sun, surf, and margaritas for the newcomers sizzles the brain after a while, and besides, the dinner hour calls.
"Wow," Sensia exclaimed as she tripped around the hotel room. "I am toasted on those margaritas. I don't remember when I've been this high on drinks this early before, but then, I don't remember much right now. Here hon', what do you think of my new dress?" she asked as she twirled and tripped across the room.
"Oh boy sweet cheeks," Logan responded enthusiastically, "I love that, I just love that. That's perfect the way the flower prints unintentionally hide just those special features. Turn around and bend over and let me see how it...., oooh that's so sweet. Let me see the front again. Yeah, you can just faintly make out your short hairs that you didn't shave off through those flowers. I thought I actually glimpsed that on those ladies in the lounge last night, heh, heh, heh. My, my love, so sweet."
"Well, let's head on to dinner," Logan urged, and held out his hand for his lovely lady.
"Oh no," Sensia laughed, "I may be quite toasted, but I'm putting on panties anyway. I might be embarrassed having a stranger peeking at my pussy, even if I am pretty bombed. Here, I'll put on these string bikini panties. They just cover the details, and more than I covered on the beach all afternoon. Oh my, let's go. I'm so buzzed I need some food."
The toasted couple went to dinner in the hotel restaurant and ended up sipping more margaritas in the lounge. The pulsating music the band was belting out drew them time and again to the dance floor to shake it with the other paradise partiers. Lots of pretty ladies and their men were boogying down this particular evening.
The couple from the room next door showed up about halfway through the evening and joined Sensia and Logan for a few drinks. Jim and Sandy were pleasant enough, but Jim was a bit of a jerk, especially to his pretty lady. Sandy was a cheery lady and dressed and acted a bit conservative like Sensia. Of course by this point, that meant that their pretty tits were visible through the dresses as were the mini-bikini panties below.
"My, what fun," Logan smiled to himself as Sensia's sweet bottom bounced by boogying with Jim on the dance floor. He and Sandy sipped margaritas and chatted as the music had slipped by without them.
Back at the hotel room later that evening, Sensia commented on the "duck" that Jim was. "He hardly pays attention to Sandy at all. I can't believe it. Some guys either don't think about being attentive to their women or simply don't care about them. I can't believe anyone would be that way about Sandy. She's so sweet and easy to talk to. A lot of guys would pay a attention to her sweet body too. She has nice boobies and a pretty ass, don't you think hon'?" Sensia giggled dropping her dress on the night table and stepping out of her panties.
"Oooh mama, yes, she does have sweet tits and a tasty bottom," Logan moaned reaching out to Sensia's sweet naked body. "Sandy's are all right too, I have to admit," he chuckled. "This I hunger for and revel in," he murmured as Sensia stepped forward, standing feet apart encouraging him to cup her hot sweetness in his eager hand.
"Oh wow, I love this sensuous climate of casual nudity," Sensia purred as Logan eagerly spread her hot lips to explore the tender flesh between.
Logan chuckled to himself as he found her wet and eager. Something, or maybe everything, had her senses afire with a desire for sex, no doubt about it.
"I couldn't believe that Jim as we danced," Sensia laughed. "I mean, it was fun to be asked to dance as often as he did. I'm glad you asked Sandy to dance too. I danced with him on that slow one though, and kept thinking, 'Oh God, I hope Sandy's not watching.'" Sensia commented thrusting her mound forward as Logan's finger slipped in, thumb playing over her hot button. "Mmmm, I love it, I love it."
"What did he do hon', pinch your bottom?" Logan chuckled. "He's a funny guy isn't he?"
"Well love," Sensia murmured slipping over to the bed and Logan stretched out on his back. All Logan had on was a hardon, and Sensia flicked her tongue around his swollen head. "As we started that slow dance he pulled me real close. One of my nearly bare tits pressed against him, and my other nipple kept brushing against his thin shirt. I just about died. My nipples were immediately hard as rocks and I'm sure, just sure, that he could feel them brushing his chest. I couldn't believe it. He wasn't such a great guy or anything - he was okay enough - but not great and here I was with obviously turned on nipples. It was just the drinks, the music, oh my..., the tropics," she sighed slipping half the length of Logan's aching member between her sweet wet lips.
"Ah, ah, ahhhh," Logan moaned as he kissed his way to Sensia's lower tender wet lips. "So the guy teased your tits to a bit of an arousal did he? What fun! He should have tried for more." At that Logan's tongue gently spread Sensia's aroused lips tasting of the sweetness between. Finding the cap of her aroused button, he tantalized it with his hot tongue.
"Oh, oh, oh," Sensia gasped. "Oh, he did go for more," she purred. "Starting the dance his hand was on my waist. His hand crept inch by inch down my bottom. I kept thinking I couldn't just let this man fondle my ass, but we were dancing and I didn't want to make a scene. Besides, I kept thinking, I'm drunk and don't think I can react well, and it's not hurting anything at all. I just hoped his wife didn't notice. Besides, men were fondling ladies bottoms all over the dance floor - it's about the tropics and dancing. At least I had my panties on. The lady dancing next to me didn't, and boy was her partner enjoying her. Those dresses are like having nothing on anyway. I swear he was playing with her goodies through her dress. At least Jim only fondled my cheeks. He had his fingers just about to my goodies when the song ended. I didn't know what to think except I needed your shaft deep in me," Sensia throatily growled.
At that Sensia straddled Logan's eager member. Logan cupped her pretty cheeks in his hands as Sensia grasped the shaft, flicked the head over her hot button, and slipped it to her opening. "Oh, I need it," she gasped as she impaled herself on the shaft, completely engulfing him in her wet sweetness.
"Oh god, you're hard as rock," Sensia cried. "I love it, I love it," she yeowled, an orgasm gripping her entire body. A wild orgasm rocked the two of them to the outer limits as Logan exploded deep in Sensia's sweet wetness. They both collapsed in a heap on the bed Sensia lying on Logan quietly kissing him all over his face and shoulders. "Oh wow, I needed that tonight," Sensia purred, gently fondling Logan's limp member.
"No kidding," he gently responded. "After a day like this my cajones so needed to be emptied. And you, my lover, we'll have to dance with Jim more often, huh. You would have totally busted my balls if he had made it to your goodies while you danced. Oh such fun!"
"Oh lover," Sensia replied a little sheepishly, "it was kind of fun..."
"You're telling me," Logan replied. "You haven't banged that hot in a long time. I knew you needed a little extra attention to crank you up. I love it, and I do love you too."
"You're such a love, love you too," Sensia purred in reply.
At that they drifted off to sweet dreams of tropical passion.
***************
The following day the festivities continued unabated as Logan yelled to Sensia down in the surf that the drinks were here. He laughed to himself, as at that moment their newfound friend, Dean, popped up out of the water from between Sensia's legs sending her toppling. She came up sputtering, engaging Dean in a heated bout of splashing each other, laughing all the way. When it appeared she may get the best of Dean, their other newfound friend Bob tackled her from under the water. A struggle ensued as Sensia tried getting even with Bob by holding him under. She finally pulled away heading for the beach, giggling like she was having a blast.
The boys feigned hot pursuit and the 3 of them scrambled up the beach for more drinks. First to reach the towel, Sensia was gasping, laughing, wet and in total disarray. One pretty tit was almost completely out of the top band and the bottom band in the back was twisted toward one hip. In the front half of her pubic area was visible below the waist band. She was silly drunk and laughing, "Boy Logan, this is so darn much fun! I just knew getting toasted on the beach would be such a blast."
"Oh wow," Logan mused to himself as he poured more margaritas, "Sweet Sensia is living it up in a big way, probably the best time of her life. I just love it. She's been in the water wrestling these boys with nearly nothing on. My, my, what they've been groping, and she's ready to go for the gusto. Oh wow..., what fun."
"Oh hey," Logan remarked, "what a great batch of margaritas these are."
"No kidding," Dean joined in, "the margaritas are great, the water is so incredible and the sun is wonderful. I could stay here forever." All voiced agreement and then settled in to dry off, stretched out under the tropical sun sipping their cool brews.
Sensia settled in to comb out the hair a bit and lube down with fresh suntan lotion. "Logan, do you remember where the lotion is?" she queried sitting up to look around.
"No hon', check that bag down at the foot of the towels," Logan murmured without looking up.
Sensia got up to her knees bending over to all fours to rummage through the bag at the foot of the towels. Thinking that pretty bottom was a delight of a sight, Logan glanced at young Dean. Indeed, attempting to be casual and not stare Dean could hardly pry his eyes from Sensia's sweet bottom. Her fine ass cheeks completely bare, just a thin strip of white material covering her tender lips. It was truly a sight to make a grown man cream his tropical slingshot. Sensia was intoxicated, as they all were, and apparently oblivious that she had put on a heart stopping show for three horny guys. Settling back to her towel she oiled down her front, ever so casually and unself-consciously. It was wonderful. Logan and the guys did the same, and all settled in to chat and soak the rays.
A brief time passed and Logan recalled he had been standing in a hot line and desperately needed to get in the water. He hit the water for 15 or 20 minutes reveling in floating on his back.
Turning over to her stomach, "Oh jeez," Sensia commented, "I need lotion on my back side or I'll burn for sure. I'll see if I can get most of it." Lying on her stomach, she was attempting to lotion her backside.
A little shyly, good old Dean quietly offered to help her with the lotion.
"Oh thank you Dean," Sensia responded. "Here's the lotion. Some real tender spots need to have a little extra on them.
Dean grinned at her willing response, and moved to his knees sitting back on his heels next to her to apply the lotion. Squirting a good spot of it between Sensia's shoulders, his big hands spread the lotion across her upper back, massaging the oil into her skin. Applying another spot of lotion to the small of her back he massaged that spot across Sensia's lower back clear down to her ass crack and sweet bare cheeks.
Sensia was squirming, realizing what she had encouraged this sweet young man to do. Dean's hands felt huge on her back, and "oooh..., they feel good all over me, just like in the water. Uhh..., oh myyyyy..." she gasped to herself, "he's squirted lotion on my bare butt, and, oh, oh, oh..., those hands on my bare bottom. This is wild. Oh, where is he going with those fingers oiled up like that? This is delicious. I can't believe I spread my legs enough for him to get between them. "Ooh, myyyy god," Sensia quietly moaned to herself, as young Dean's fingers brushed her sweet lips. The strip of swim suit covered her lips but thin as it was, it was as if there was nothing covering at all.
"Just be cool, take it easy. Oh, my god, he's teasing my pussy. This is wild. I just need to lie quietly and not make a scene, and hope no one notices. Auugh, what large fingers he has," she thought. "This is wild, just wild. Oh, oh, oh, what a thrill. Good grief, look at the size of his erection through his suit!" Sensia exclaimed in her mind. "HHis always looked a bit bigger through his suit, but, wow, I wonder how big he is at full erection. It's not just a lot longer, it's bigger around besides. Oh yes, this is fun!" the tipsy hottie thrilled letting the young man explore.
Dean finished applying lotion to Sensia's legs, they grinned at each other, Sensia thanked him, and they settled in basking in the sun.
Another couple hours later, Logan and Sensia concluded they had fried out on the beach for the day and really needed food to offset the margaritas and the sun. "Hey guys," Logan mentioned to Dean and Bob, "we're going to get some food, take a shower, and freshen up."
"Oh, no kidding," Sensia murmured, "I've really had it." She grinned slightly, giving Dean a quick wink. "So, we'll see you guys again sometime I suppose. We're staying in 806, and where are you two staying."
"You bet we'll run into each other again," Dean responded. "We're in room 503. We'll watch for you. Take it easy."
Back in the room, Logan had his shower and Sensia just finished hers. "Oh my," Sensia purred, twirling around and stretching out deliciously naked on the bed, "such a delicious day."
Logan slyly smiled, "It was great to run into guys to visit with for the day, don't you think? That really makes much more of a party of it," as he stepped bare over to the bed.
"Mmmmm," Sensia purred, running her hand up the inside of Logan's leg and cupping his balls. "It did make it a lot of fun I thought. Those boys were delightful. They seemed so down from the farm in Iowa, didn't they?" She pulled Logan's rigid shaft down to lick her hot tongue around its head.
"Ahhhhh," Logan sighed, his hand massaging Sensia's eager breast. His other hand quickly worked its way down her lithe squirming body to the thrusting mound below.
"Oh yeah," Sensia sighed, "My goodies need some attention, mmmm. Did you see what those boys were up to this afternoon? So naughty...."
"Well there was the drooling and copping feels while you wrestled in the water. What a kick, wasn't it?"
"Oh, you didn't see Dean oiling my back, and my ass and my legs.... and between my legs," she gasped, Logan's fingers spreading her hot lips, discovering a wellspring of sweetness between them. "Oh you've got to fuck me lover," she urged.
Positioning between Sensia's widespread legs Logan guided his throbbing shaft into her eager opening.
"Oh lover, ah, ah, ahhhh," Sensia gasped as the orgasm raced through her hot loins. Then calming slightly, she murmured, "I needed that after Dean teased my lips when he did my lotion. Oh god that feels sooo good!" she gasped. They both gasped, uttered a yowl of delight and ecstasy, and rammed together over and over again in throes of passion.
"Ah, my, my....," Logan sighed, rolling from the bed. "Now that we've had our appetizer, we can get on to dinner." He grinned and patted Sensia's sweet bum.
Sensia had on the other sun dress when she was dressed and ready to go eat. It was wonderfully all white and see through except for embroidered white flowers strategically placed.
"Oh ho," Logan laughed, "we're brave tonight are we - skipping the panties, too?"
"Why not," Sensia laughed, "I've had less on all day anyway. Besides," she glowed, "I feel like such a hot woman and so what if someone sees something."
"Oooh, you do feel like such a woman," Logan grinned, holding her sweet cheeks in his hands as they set out for dinner, cruising down the hallway to the elevator."
"Well hi, Jim and Sandy," Sensia cheerfully greeted their hotel neighbors as Jim and Sandy got off the elevator.
"Oh, hi you two," Sandy chirped. "How was your day?"
"Absolutely delightful," Logan responded as he and Sensia entered the elevator. "Now its time for a bite to eat. Ya'll take it easy. Maybe we'll catch you later."
"Hey, all right," Jim responded.
***************
In the hotel dining room settled into a nice cozy circular booth Sensia and Logan reveled and relaxed sipping pina colodas for a change of pace.
"Isn't this nice the way they put the candles and table cloths on for dinner - so romantic," Sensia murmured. "Oh, here they come with our food. Boy, fast service tonight," she commented pulling her dress down enough to cover the tender details.
Digging into their food, Logan commented, "So Dean really did play a little out there on the beach today?"
"Oh, it was...., well ... yeah, he really did go exploring. I couldn't believe it. You don't mind do you? Do you?"
"Oh, I love it, I just love it," Logan chuckled. "You glow, you radiate sensuality when these guys come on making you feel sexual, a desirable creature. It's so beautiful and erotic. You work me over in bed like you're in heat, swept away with passion. It's unbelievably awesome."
"Oh, I hope you feel that way. This is so much fun. I hope you're having fun too," she eagerly responded.
"Ah lover, this is really what it's all about you know," Logan warmly smiled, "I suspect young Dean has a tad more hanging between his legs than the average, don't you?"
"Oh yeah," Sensia murmured, "I definitely think so. When he was teasing me he grew to a wonderful size - mmmmm."
"Uh oh, look who just walked in," Logan nudged Sensia.
"Oh boy, it's the boys," she responded her eyes lighting up.
"Let's invite them to join us," Logan suggested as he waved at Dean and Bob.
"All right," Bob said as they came to their table, "great to see someone we know."
"How are you two faring this evening?" Dean asked.
"Hey, real good guys. I thought the margaritas had gotten the best of us, but not the case." Logan cheerily replied. "Join us for dinner," he suggested as he and Sensia moved around to make room for them on the other side of Sensia.
Thanks a lot," the boys responded, Dean sliding in next to Sensia and Bob sitting next to him. Dinner and drinks for the boys were ordered, and a lively banter ensued about the delights of a tropical vacation. Sensia's eyes sparkled in the candlelight and, "Oh wow," Logan laughed to himself, "her tushy is visible below her hemline again - she's so sauced. I wonder what Dean thinks of that. It certainly is distracting him, heh, heh."
Dinner chatter continued as all were gradually finishing their meals and discussing desserts. That settled, Logan asked the boys how their vacation was progressing.
"So far it's been okay," Dean responded.
"Actually," Bob joined in, "we expected something a little different from the tropics, but it been okay I guess."
"How do you mean?" Sensia asked. "What else did you expect?"
"Wellll....." Bob mumbled and glanced at Dean. "We really came expecting to get laid every time we turned around, and so far neither of us has gotten laid once." They both flushed a little red, even under their suntans, from embarrassment. "The worst part," Bob volunteered, "is that my buddy Dean here is a virgin, and doesn't even know what he's missing."
"Egads!" Dean gasped, "You don't need to tell them everything."
"Oh, don't be embarrassed," Sensia assured him. "We're all adults here, and quite over the top drunkie, and aren't hiding anything, anyway," she said as she glanced down at her tush and then smiled.
"The hilarious part," Bob continued, "is this guy is packing 10 whole inches to share with some lucky lady. I can't believe he hasn't had girls climbing all over him."
"Come on Bob, knock it off," Dean laughed. "I could just die. There is a lady present you know."
"Moley, moley," Logan chimed in, "Is that true Dean, or is Bob losing it on Tequila? You scare the girls off I suppose?"
"Yeah, maybe that is what happens sometimes," Dean responded. "I'm just not forceful or pushy enough to chase tail down either."
"You are kind of shy aren't you," Sensia commented, "especially around girls your own age I've noticed. There were those two girls on the beach acting kind of interested and you just let those other guys horn in on them. You don't seem to be too shy with us though," she added smiling to herself over the hot afternoon on the beach.
"Well, you guys are more like friends and more mature and more laid back," Bob responded. "There's such a game you have to play with girls, you know."
"You know," Logan's eyes lit up as he spoke, "I just had a wild idea. It must be the drinks. We've had so much I'm a bit delirious, but just maybe we can arrange to give our young buddy the experience he needs so much, and have some fun while we're at it -- kind of a sex therapy thing. You've wondered what something that size would feel like haven't you sweetie?"
"Oh my god," Sensia laughed, "we're all going to spill our little secrets, are we? The tequila talks! Sure, bet your young ass! What girl doesn't have just a little fantasy about how something like that would feel?"
"Wellll..., then," Logan laughed aloud, "why don't you guys join us when we've finished our dessert, and we'll take care of Dean's "problem", and some delicious fantasies rolling around in our minds at the same time. Okay everyone?" Logan proposed.
Logan's three dinner-mates mouths dropped open, as Sensia and the boys laughed in response to the proposal in some disbelief. "Wellll..., so maybe I've had too much to drink and it was a wild and crazy idea," Logan laughed slightly embarrassed sinking back in his seat.
"Wellll...., no...., actually.....," Bob recovered from his startle, responding in unison with Dean. "It's a great idea! It's just that Sensia...., your wife...."
"Welll....., considering I'm not his wife, that's not such a big deal," Sensia piped up grinning with a slightly drunken drawl, "but you could have discussed this with me. After all, it's my toys we're talking about. How long did you say that monster was, Dean?" she inquired in curiosity and laughed.
"Oh, my god," Dean laughed hiding his head. "This is so embarrassing and funny."
"Ten big ones," Bob chimed in. "You know, I think Logan has something there."
"Well, it sounds like Dean has something there that interests me," Sensia laughed, excitement in her voice.
"No, I mean Logan might have an idea there. We could take care of Dean's dilemma and, what do you think Sensia - it was Logan's idea, so he must not mind."
"Oh, wild, it sounds like fun to me," Sensia giggled, "I just like advance warning when we may discuss playing with my goodies. Poor Dean, you can stop hiding your head," she encouraged, feeling her sweetness turn to jelly.
At that, big drunken grins spread across all their faces, and three erections started growing in the guys' pants. "There we go then," Logan concluded. Since we're finished eating, why don't we pay and get on to our room for some fun."
"All right," Dean, Bob, and Sensia all chimed in, as everybody gathered up and headed out!
In the elevator riding up, the guys had a hard time keeping their hands off Sensia's eager body. At one point, her skirt up around her waist, three men were fondling her bare bottom and tushy. Then it was out of the elevator, and through the door to the room.
Logan turned to shut the door and adjust the lights, as the two randy boys slipped Sensia's dress off over her head and she was sitting naked picture perfect on the edge of the bed, helping the boys shed their shorts. Logan paused taking in the scene, the sight a breathtaking delight. The boys shorts on the floor their eager young members were throbbing and bobbing, begging for her attentions. Sensia deliciously lay back on the bed, and the boys eagerly crawled up next to her sweet, bare body.
"Whoa," Logan gasped to himself, "that is one major pole Dean is sporting. Gads, I wonder if Sensia will take the whole thing."
Finding the two boys eager shafts Sensia fondled and explored even as they fondled and explored her treasures. "Ah, ah, ahhhhh," she gasped as her first orgasmic wave broke, a hot young mouth passionately working each of her breasts. "This is the tropical paradise," she exclaimed.
Logan settled in it at the foot of the bed, a perfect view up Sensia's taut legs to her sweet, wet opening for this ravishment of her wonderful body. "My god," his mind exclaimed, "this is the wildest - watching the real show instead of a movie."
Sensia squirmed and writhed on the bed as the boys applied their oral skills to her hot nipples. Their hands quickly moved down her belly to the eager treasure awaiting them, "Ohhhhh, I love it," she moaned as she thrust her mound up to meet the boys explorations.
Logan wondered if this would totally blow his mind, he was in such a state of heightened arousal. Gripping his own throbbing member he voyeuristically watched this wonderfully wanton woman writhing under these boys' attentions. Knees pulled up and out opening Sensia as wide as possible, she gasped, "Oh, please, please, I want this big guy in me," she urged, pulling Dean's eager member toward her aroused lips. Dean excitedly obliged for his first time ever, almost jumping to his knees between Sensia's outstretched thighs, his rigid muscle charging her wet opening.
"Oh, oh, oh, I'mmm cumming! I'm cumming!" Sensia panted and gasped almost immediately as her delicious lithe body arched, her knees pulled up to her tits giving that sizeable shaft a wider entry.
Dean's body stiffened, his orgasm building at the thrill of it. This being his first time down this slippery path, it immediately pushed him over the edge of ecstasy. "Ahhhh, ohhhh, ahhhh...," he exclaimed.
Logan was in awe it was so wild to have a ringside seat to the ravishing of his sweet Sensia's pretty treasure with this enormous, eager, young shaft.
Having slipped from consciousness, ever so slowly, pretty Sensia's senses floated back to intoxicated reality. "Ahhhh...., ummmmmm," she purred as she idly stroked young Bob's erection, eagerly dancing in her hand. "That was incredible. I'm so on fire. You ready for yours, Bob?" she murmured.
"All right, all right," bob exclaimed moving to position himself between her thighs, "Let's get it!"
"Here, let's do it this way," she offered turning over to her stomach and knees, raising her adorable ass up into the air.
Logan gasped at the spectacular erotic view. Young Bob gasped as well, "Oh god yes," he growled as this picture perfect honey spread her opening, purring, "bring it on cowboy."
"Waaaa...," Sensia yowled as he impaled her from behind. "Oh my god," her mind exploded, a light-headedness sweeping her being, enveloping her in an erotic, almost out-of-body mind-state. "So wild, letting the boys play," she thought as it crossed her mind she may be passing out.
"Oh fuck me!" she exclaimed, yet another orgasmic wave sweeping her body. Oh, I love it, I love it," Sensia howled, her eyes and Logan's locking in a transfixed visual embrace, a wild sense of oneness between them.
Logan was on fire transfixed in the passion of the moment. "This is so boggling!" his mind exclaimed. He felt himself swept up in a surreal slow-motion spin, and marveled, "Oh dear goddess, just like the Taoist texts described. This woman may be a wild White Tigress if ever there was one! With such erotic passionate abandon, she's so awesome!"
Logan's mental being exploded in a feverishly surreal spin. To his astonishment as he watched Sensia's erotic opening, her jade gateway in awe, the words of the immortal Lao Tzu rocked through his mind:
***************
VI.
The spirit of the valley never dies.
This is called the mysterious female.
The gateway of the mysterious female
is called the root of heaven and earth.
Dimly visible, it seems as if it were there,
Yet, use will never drain it.
***************
I.
The nameless was the beginning of heaven and earth;
The named was the mother of the myriad creatures.
Hence always rid yourself of desires in order to observe its secrets;
But always allow yourself to have desires in order to observe its manifestations.
These two are the same
but diverge in name as they issue forth.
***************
Sensia's howl jolted Logan back to the moment, as one final rousing orgasm rocked her pretty body to its core, Bob driving it home from behind. Thoroughly draining Bob of his life force, Sensia maintained her pose, bottom deliciously propped in the air, sweet, wet opening on display. "Ready for one more," she eagerly invited, giving Logan an erotically smoldering kiss.
"No kidding!" Logan exclaimed excitedly scooting behind Sensia's gorgeous upturned ass. "That was so awesome lover!" he laughed delivering a mighty thrust, driving his aching shaft to the hilt inside his hot, wet lover's willing "jade gateway".
FIN'