It was a beautiful summer day not unlike any other beautiful sunny day with one exception. I was about to have the best drive of my life. Michelle and I were off to see an old college buddy of mine that lived across the lake. We had a great time reminiscing old times over a few beers. Michelle isn't a beer drinker, so my buddy was more than pleased to whip up some cosmopolitans for the girls to enjoy. He kidded that Cranberry juice was expensive stuff (he makes a strong drink). After a few drinks Michelle was feeling no pain.
As we walked out to the SUV, Michelle asked me if I wanted to take a drive. I said sure. So we set off to explore parts unknown. We came across a bar that we hadn't been to so I said "why don't I take my pretty wife out for a drink?"
Michelle was looking particularly cute in her tiny shorts and tight-fitting blouse. When we walked into the bar, it was like they had never seen a beautiful woman before. It was obvious that Michelle enjoyed the attention. I ordered a beer while Michelle leaned over the bar and asked the bar keep if he had any recommendations. He proudly told her that he made the best Long Island Ice Tea in the area. He quickly drew me a beer while he expertly concocted his locally famous cocktail. As advertised it was superb. Michelle couldn't get over how yummy it was. She leaned over the bar and in her sexiest voice whispered, "that was orgasmic." May I have another?
This just encouraged him and the other fellas to take even more of an interest in my wife. Michelle was enjoying the attention and was exceptionally flirty as a result. I've seen this before and it can go one of two ways. I can get jealous and have this splendid afternoon end in a fight, or I can let her enjoy herself a bit and be rewarded by a very horny wife later on. Today just happened to be one of those horny wife days. Before we left the bar, Michelle decided to use the washroom. When she walked out I could immediately tell she had removed her bra. Her breasts bounced freely, and her firm nipples strained against her tight-fitting blouse. Much to my delight, she took my hand and lead me back to our SUV. She said "come on cowboy let's hit the road."
Within a few seconds of leaving the parking lot she unbuttoned my shorts and began stroking my cock. "Looks like you're really enjoying this honey."
"I am indeed" I replied.
She laid on her back and rested her head on my thighs. This gave me perfect access to her beautiful breasts. After a few minutes she unzipped my pants and buried her pretty face in my lap. She gave the head of my rock hard penis a gentle kiss then looked up at me and said "I'm going to give you the best head you've ever had."
She started by swirling her tongue around and around the head of my swollen penis. This is, without a doubt, Michelle's signature move. I suggested that we find a less traveled road, so we could have some privacy but she responded "If you do that I'm going to stop."
I quickly responded NO! So she said "Good, keep on driving."
With that she started to step things up a bit. I felt a little nervous every time a car past us going the other way but there was no way I was going to pass up spirited fellatio from my pretty horny wife. Michelle kept teasing me by pausing every now and then to extend our pleasure. She would look up at me and say "honey, do you want me to stop?"
Rhetorical question to be sure. Her nipples were harder than I'd ever seen before. It took a bit of convincing, but she let me remove her blouse and short shorts. I slipped my hand unto her skimpy thong and proceeded to finger fuck her. Her pussy was so wet; she began thrusting herself so that my fingers probed deeper and deeper inside her. It usually takes a long time to get her to cum, but I could tell by the long string of frantic dirty moans she got off immediately. "Betcha those boys in the bar would love to be you right now" she teased.
"You'd better cum before we get home or you're going to miss out."
We were less than a mile from our home when I finally shot my warm load in her mouth. Michelle had swallowed before but the danger of getting caught made this time more exciting than ever before. By now her undies were down by her ankles and her legs were spread wide apart. If not for the garage door closing I'm sure the neighbors would have gotten quite a show. Looking forward to our next Sunday afternoon drive.