Disclaimer: All characters in the following story involved in any sexual activity are 18 years old or older.
Request: Take 2 seconds to vote on the story or better yet, 20 seconds and leave a comment - Thanks! - Suomynona69
***
The Babysitter Did It Ch. 07 - Krissy and Jack's sex trip day 1
Krissy hadn't spoken to me while we disembarked at Toronto's Pearson airport. I could still picture the expression on her face when the stewardess Paola had leaned over her, ostensibly to tighten her seatbelt, but really to give Krissy a whiff of my cum that was still on her breasts. It hadn't helped that Paola was at the cockpit entrance wishing people a pleasant evening and cheerfully told me, "Please cum again," and winked at me.
I hadn't meant to hurt Krissy. I accepted that this sexscapade was probably a bust but I just didn't want our relationship to be one too.
I'd told her that I was going to do the paperwork for the rental car but she hadn't even acknowledged me. When I got back, she was nowhere to be seen.
I walked around the rental area for 10 minutes and then waited another 20 minutes at the last place I saw her. I pretty much never called her on her cell except for official babysitting business because so many men had been caught that way but I realized while in Waterloo I had an excuse to call her as much as I wanted. Both Janet and Krissy's parents expected me to look out for her.
I called her number. It rang and rang. I texted her, "Hello?". It showed delivered and then a couple minutes later it showed "Read". I waited 5 minutes but no response came. I thought it was safe to assume she was ok. I texted her, "I'm waiting for you where I last saw you". Fifteen minutes later there was still no sign of Krissy. "Damn it," I thought, "we could be half-way to Waterloo by now". Then it dawned on me that maybe Krissy had taken an airport taxi to Waterloo which I knew from experience would cost about two hundred dollars. "Krissy, I'm going to assume you're taking a taxi to Waterloo. If not, please call me on my cell and I'll come get you wherever you are." The text also went to "Read" yet still no response.
I went to where the rental was parked. In my worrying about Krissy, I'd forgotten that they had upgraded me to a silver Mustang. It should have been cause for a little excitement but I was no longer in the mood. I just wanted to get to Waterloo as quickly as possible, without getting a ticket and make sure Krissy was ok.
After another half an hour I decided to call the hotel to see if Krissy had arrived.
"Courtyard Marriott Hotel, Waterloo. How may I direct your call?"
"I'm calling to see if a guest has checked in yet."
"What's the name sir?"
"Krissy, uhh, I mean Ms. Kristina White."
"Just a moment sir...yes, she checked in about 45 minutes ago. Would you like me to put you through to her room?"
"No that's ok, I'll be there soon enough."
So at least she was ok. I was still anxious to see her so I kept the pedal to the metal. I arrived in record time and was glad to see it was still early enough for me to get a parking spot in the front. While checking in I thought about trying to ask about Krissy's room number but figured a middle aged man asking about a hot blonde young girl's room number probably wasn't the best idea.
Instead, after getting to my room, I texted Krissy my room number. No answer but it was read. I didn't really know what to do. I took a shower, dressed in a robe and sat on the bed.
"Fuck it," I thought. "I need a drink and the company can damn well pay for it!" I went to the bar fridge and found they had a few miniature Glenlivets 12 Year Old. I grabbed them all and made myself a double. I was tempted to walk up and down the hallways calling her cell and seeing if I could hear it. I was that desperate but didn't think it would actually work.
An hour passed with no word from Krissy. I was hungry but the restaurant was closed so I ordered a bacon cheese burger with a glass of orange juice from room service. It was going to be an outrageuos $30 before tip but I couldn't care less.
The girl who brought the food was extremely cute with a nice body. She wore a mini-skirt that I was certain wasn't regulation but was designed to get her bigger tips. It worked in my case. I gave her $10 but I ushered her out quickly. I suppose I'd learned my lesson.
Eating made me sleepy and after about an hour I'd just started to nod off when I heard a knock at the door. I thought maybe they'd come back for the food tray but according to the clock it was 1am so it was too late for that.
I peaked through the peephole but whoever was there was was blocking it.
I put the chain on and tentatively opened the door.
I couldn't believe my eyes. "Krissy!" I said. But it wasn't just my blonde beauty at the door. She was in a French maid's uniform though uniform was probably a misuse of the term. She was in 6 inch black stilettos with white knee-high sheer stockings. Her silky smooth bare thighs met a frilly black piece of material that was a skirt in name only. Panty cover might be more appropriate and it barely did that. The "apron" was a few square inches of material. Her mid-riff was bare and I had a sudden urge to lick her from her belly button. Looking further up, a gorgeous matching bra showed off her perky breasts and there was a hat to top it off.
"Wow!" I said.
"I am Christelle, your maid zis eveneng. Eet eez time to turn down Monsieur's bedt," she said in a horrible pretend accent. I knew in reality Krissy spoke French beautifully having gone to French immersion since kindergarten.
"Uhh, okay," I said and stepped aside to let her in. I wasn't sure where this was going though it was definitely promising.
She came in and started making up the bed. As she bent over I could see her lovely perfectly round bubble butt. I wanted to see if there was any string hiding in the cracks so I made my way behind to caress her derriere. She spun around and slapped my hand really hard and said, "Ah non monsieur, you are meestaking me for zomething else, uhh vat eez zee word, 'whore' I teenk."
"Krissy, I mean, Christelle, of course not."
"Like zat beetch hostess een zee plane"
That was like a slap in the face.
"I'm sorry Krissy," I said. Before I could try to explain she said, "Or perhaps you teenk I am a 'prostitute' who wants money for zee fucking!"
Oh shit," I thought, "this was no longer promising".
"Krissy, again, I'm dreadfully sorry for the other day when I thought you wanted to raise your babysitting fee. That was pure panic about losing you. As for today, I was waiting for you in the washroom when Paola came in and surprised me and before I knew it her mouth was on my cock and after that it was too late."
"Ah poor Monsieur Adams. Always being seduced by the young girls, no?" She had switched to a high class French accent speaking English. I never knew she was so talented with languages.
"First the pool, now the plane. What next, a convent?"
"Very funny. I seduced you at the pool and the plane was an accident."
"Good choice of word 'accident' as someone got badly hurt," she said. The look on her face was heart wrenching.
We'd never promised each other to be monogamous. I still fucked my wife when she was in the mood - when the moon was certain shades of blue. But other than the special events when Krissy brought in a friend I wasn't doing anybody else and wasn't seeking out anybody else. Krissy I wasn't sure of. She was such a nymph that it would hurt but wouldn't surprise me to learn she had an occasional fling. Lucky for me though she was infatuated with me and apparently had been for years. Perhaps though with my recent screw ups that was wearing off.
"Krissy, my twins are the number one most important thing in my life and I can't apologize for that. My wife, well, she's a good woman and mother and I'm not intentionally trying to hurt her."
Krissy looked a bit confused by the topics I was choosing to bring up with my sex-kitten so I quickly continued, "What I'm trying to say is that, you Krissy are a close second to what makes me want to live in this world. Without you I'm lost, drifting through a dreary life."
"Would you do it again?" she asked, "And god help you if you lie!"
I considered what to say and decided on the truth, "Krissy, maybe there's something wrong with me. Everything I said about you I mean but given how things played out on the plane, I'd probably have to say 'Yes', I'd do it again." I held my breath. I looked up and stared into Krissy's beautiful electric blue eyes.
She seemed to come to a decision and said, "Well at least Monsieur is not a liar. Go sit in your chair while I finish your bed."
Krissy was standing so close to me I could smell her breath. "Wait, have you been drinking Krissy? You're not nineteen yet. The hotel will..."
"Fuck the hotel! They don't know my age," she vehemently said without any accent. She caught herself, returned to character and said, "Monsieur must sit in zee chair or I will be going."
I went over and sat in the chair like a good boy. Krissy finished making the bed giving me the occasional nice view of her cleavage and her ass whenever she bent over. Parts of me were clearly hoping that this was still leading somewhere.
Finally she stood up and looked over in my direction. She glanced down at the bulge in my robe and smirked. She started to undress.
"Hallelujah!" I said and made to get up.
"Sit down Monsieur Adams!" she snapped.
I sat down again even more confused than usual.
"Let me explain how this will work."
It wasn't easy to listen to her as she was now standing completely naked in front of me with her hands on her hips but I tried to focus.
"I will be leaving and going back to my room."
The confusion meter jumped 3 notches.
"Monsieur will also take off ALL his clothes. If he can catch me before I get back to my room he can have me wherever he catches me. If I get back to my room monsieur will not see me again."
And with that she ran out the door, turning right.
It took a couple seconds for it to sink in but I didn't have time to think how crazy this was, the consequences if she or I were caught, if there were cameras around, etc. Alarm bells were going off in my head as I wasn't sure if she'd meant I wouldn't see Christelle again or if I wouldn't see Krissy herself and I didn't know if the threat was limited to tonight, to this trip or worse.
I bolted for the door, shedding my robe on the way. I could see Krissy heading for the stairwell and ran as fast as I could. She went through the door and when I reached it and entered I didn't know if she'd gone up or down. I looked up and down trying to figure out. I could hear some pitter patter of bare feet and then caught a glimpse of her hand on the railing a couple floors down.
I took the steps 3 at a time and the door was just closing as I got to the landing. As I opened it I saw she was almost half-way down the hall. I had gained some but not knowing how far away her room was I went flat out after her.
Even though I was a bit out of shape, I was still able to sprint but I didn't know how long I could last. It turned out that her room wasn't on this floor because she was headed for the stairwell at the other end of the hall. When she went through that door I was only a few paces behind.
I raced after her up the stairs and thankfully realized I was probably going to catch her in a moment. I started to reach out for her when she suddenly stopped and I bumped into her unexpectedly. Luckily I didn't knock her down completely on the hard stairs because she had a hand on the railing.
As she stood up straight again I heard her say, "No fucking way!"
I realized she was looking at something and tentatively poked my head around her. My jaw dropped. Sitting on the top stair of the landing we'd been climbing was Paola, the stewardess that was the source of Krissy's anger. She was in a sheer wrap and was smoking. I recognized the smell as marijuana.
The weed was probably what dulled her reactions to us as she just raised her eyebrows a bit.
"Well if it isn't Blondie and DOM in the buff no less!" she said and took a puff of her doobie and blew it out into Krissy's face.
"I guess you've patched things up...unless DOM is in the middle of trying to rape you...either way, don't mind me."
I don't know if Krissy heard her but she said, "The bitch must be in heat...it looks like she's following you around!".
Paola slapped Krissy across the face, hard to sting but not too hard to leave a permanent mark.
Krissy paused in shock but I saw she was about to lunge at Paola and pulled her back. I wrapped my arms around her.
"Why are you protecting her?"
"I'm protecting you Krissy!"
"Me?! I can take this cunt no problem!"
I glanced at Paola to see if that would get her going too but she just grinned.
"I'm protecting you from making so much noise from a fight that it attracts security." I don't think she was listening.
"And why the fuck is she calling you Dom? Did you give her an alias?"
"It stands for 'Dirty Old Man'," said Paola.
For some reason that struck a chord in her and she stopped struggling and seemed to calm down a bit.
"Cute," she said and seemed to mean it.
I let her go.
"So tell me Blondie..."
"The names Krissy."
"Yeah I heard. Tell me Blondie. How'd you become part of DOM's world? You his student?"
"Babysitter."
"Ah...let me guess...you had a crush on him for years and now that you've turned 18 you decided it was now time."
"Time for what?" I said.
"Time to take you for herself." said Paola.
"Don't be ridiculous. I take full responsibility for..."
Paola cut me off. "He's too cute...he thinks this relationship was his idea."
I was now standing to the side of Krissy and noticed she was starting to fidget a bit as if she was uncomfortable. I looked at her face and she was blushing.
Paola blew a puff of smoke in my direction. "DOM. Blondie here is an Ultra-Venus type. She's super cute, super hot, super smart and goddess-like. She knows her power and how to use it. Blondie, be honest, did he ever have a chance?"
Krissy said nothing.
"Did he?"
"No," said Krissy.
"Look at me," Paola said. She put down her joint in an ash ash tray and stood up. She let her robe fall to the floor. I guess I would have been surprised if she had been wearing underwear when she hadn't been on the plane. Her hands were on her hips in a combination of challenging yet sultry manner.
"Do you think he had a chance with me?"
Krissy looked her up and down and took in Paola's gorgeous body.
"Yes, yes, I'm a 12 out of 10 but there are a lot of hot women out there. Look at ME."
Krissy stared into Paola's eyes and they held each other's gaze for what seemed like an eternity but was probably just ten or fifteen intense seconds. Finally, begrudgingly she said, "No...but why'd you pick him?!" She'd raised her voice. Then louder and angrier she said, "You only knew him for 15 minutes!"
"Simple. Jealousy. I saw the way he was looking at you. I've been with men that would kill for me. Oh wipe that silly expression off your face, no one ever did...", she said. She turned to me laughing and then back to Krissy and continued, "Yet that is...anyway, I'm a good judge of people. Growing up in the favelas of Brazil teaches you that skill quickly. I could tell with DOM here it's at a different level. Like Helen of Troy, he'd start a war for you."
Krissy glanced over at me but I didn't say anything.
"I'll admit it was quite petty of me...also, I'm not accustomed to being ignored either. It pisses me off and almost always means the guy is gay and we'd already established that wasn't true of DOM here. And don't forget you were flirting with that young prick."
"I was not!" said Krissy and folded her arms over her bare breasts.
Paola stared at her.
"Ok, fine, I was...I was just trying to get Mr. A's blood pumping."
"Well, we both succeeded in that I think," said Paola and grinned.
Krissy tensed and I thought that might set her off again but after a moment she relaxed slightly.
"Funny," she said and seemed to half mean it, "but I hate you."
"Of course you do," said Paola. "The fact that you seem confused tells me that you've never met another Ultra-Venus before."
Krissy paused to consider this. "I've never heard that term before but I get your meaning and I guess the answer is 'no'...other than who you might call my mentor."
"Krissy had a mentor? What the fuck?" I thought. "Who could that be?" I didn't know if to be be grateful, jealous or maybe even angry.
"We're pretty rare. My job puts me in contact with way more than the average number of people and you're only the second one I've found. You're accustomed to getting who you want, when you want, where you want, how you want and neither you nor your target care why."
As she was talking, she stepped down the steps and went behind me. I could feel the nipples of her breasts on my back. She wrapped her right arm around me and started to stroke my cock.
Nature took over and I was rigid in a couple seconds which is how long it took Krissy to react.
"What the fuck! Leave him alone!" shouted Krissy.
I was sure someone was going to hear her and that would be the start of a disaster but I didn't budge an inch. I had to see this play out.
"Ok, fine. On one condition. Close your eyes."
Krissy stared at her a few moments while Paola continued to gently pump me. She closed her eyes and immediately Paola let me go. She stepped back up and this time stood behind Krissy. She leaned forward and whispered in Krissy's ear. All I heard was, "...keep...closed...". With that, Paola leaned forward and gave Krissy the gentlest kiss I'd ever seen on Krissy's left shoulder.
Krissy inhaled sharply. She unfolded her arms but still kept her eyes closed. Then Paola moved to her right ear and I thought she was going to tell her something else but instead at the last moment she bit her on her earlobe.
"Ahhh...mmm," Krissy let out what sounded like a mixture of pain and a groan.
She picked up the doobie and put it between Krissy's lips.
"Inhale," she said.
Krissy did as told and immediately burst out into a coughing fit.
"Ok, scratch that," said Paola and handed me the spliff. "I guess Blondie here is too prim and proper to know how to smoke. Would you like to finish it, DOM, while I finish her?"
I took the zoot. It had been a long time since I had gotten high from marijuana, long before the kids.
"You sure about this Krissy?" I asked.
"Yeah, I'm ok," she replied in a submissive tone I wasn't accustomed to hearing from her.
"My cuffs are in my suitcase. Little miss Blondie is free to go whenever she wants. All she has to do is open her eyes and that will be the end of that."
I'd been surprised that when she was choking on the smoke she hadn't opened her eyes but now I knew why.
I went and sat down on the steps where we had found Paola which was going to give me a nice view of the action that was about to unfold. Had you told me yesterday that this would happen I would have guaranteed you that I would be beating myself off like there was no tomorrow. However, I was mesmerized by the scene in front of me and made no move to relieve the blood pressure in my lower extremities. I was recording everything in my mind for later playback though.
Paola ever so gently ran her finger nails down Krissy's back but when it reached her butt she dug her nails in so hard I was sure it would leave a mark for a few days.
She then pressed her body onto the back of Krissy, reached around and started gently squeezing Krissy's already taut nipples. She played with them alternating between her whole breast and the nipples.
"Could you lend me a hand or rather a mouth DOM for a minute?" she asked rhetorically.
I snuffed out the joint which was pretty much done and leapt to do my part. With Paola squeezing her left breast I took Krissy's nipple into my mouth a sucked on it. I twirled my tongue around.
Her body seemed to like it but when I looked at her face I noticed a tear running down her right cheek.
"Krissy, you're crying," I said a bit alarmed.
Before she could say anything, Paola responded, "That's because she's a big bundle of mixed emotions. She likes it, she wants it but she's still mad, she doesn't like not being in control and she probably still hates me. Isn't that right dear?"
Krissy just nodded her head.
I lapped her tears up and went to her right breast.
"Open your legs dearie," said Paola.
Paola reached around and slowly inserted two fingers into Krissy's pussy.
"Close but I'd like a little more dew. Sit back down DOM."
I sat and watched as Paula started to stroke Krissy's clit with her middle finger while gently kissing her shoulder and back.
Krissy bit her bottom lip.
Paola gently took a handful of Krissy's hair and slowly but firmly pulled her head back.
Krissy's mouth opened but I could see her eyes were shut tightly. She had no intention of even accidentally putting an end to this.
"DOM, lips, breasts."
She didn't need to say any more. I got up and leaned down to put her left nipple into my lips. Krissy pushed forward so I took her breast fully into my mouth and swirled my tongue around her nipple.
Paola took her hand off of Krissy's vag.
Krissy immediately said, "Touch him again without my permission and one of us is not leaving this hotel."
Paula snickered and shoved two fingers deep into Krissy. I jumped. Krissy jumped. It was too violent I thought but from the "Ooh!" that Krissy let out it was clear she liked it.
"Ok, give me my two fingers back Blondie," said Paola and she slowly pulled them out with Krissy moaning all the way.
Krissy took my head and shifted it to her right breast where I alternated between sucking on her nipple and gently biting it. Paola was semi-gently slowly tapping Krissy's clitoris with her hand. Each time she tapped Krissy let out an "Uh".
After a couple minutes of this Paola said, "Ok DOM, back to the audience." I did as I was told.
I didn't let my gaze leave the two beauties. As I sat down, I heard a loud "Whap!" as Paola gave Krissy's pussy a hard slap.
"Aagh!" said Krissy followed by, "Holy Shit!"
A couple seconds later Paola slapped her pussy again.
"Mmmm," moaned Krissy. "Whap!" again. Moan again.
They kept this cadence going and after a good two minutes Paola pulled back her hand for the umpteenth time, Krissy tensed slightly in anticipation and Paola did nothing.
The silence was deafening. You could hear a drop of pussy-juice drop and indeed many had though most were running down the inside of Krissy's right leg.
I waited. Krissy waited. Paola let go of Krissy's hair and she waited.
The seconds ticked by but nothing happened. I held my breath.
Finally, Paola moved to the front of Krissy, knelt down to the toes on Krissy's right foot and gently started blowing. She slowly moved up the inside leg, crossed the bridge pausing to blow at the arch and made her way down the left leg.
Paola pulled away again and said, "Get up on your tippy toes Blondie."
Krissy frowned slightly, I presumed mostly from confusion, but went up on her arches.
She had well defined calf muscles which Paola felt and found to her satisfaction.
"You should try rock climbing," Paola said. "Ok, here's the deal Krissy," started Paola. It was odd hearing Paola actually call her by her name.
"I will take you where you want to go, but at my own pace. If you relax and come down off your toes, same thing as opening your eyes. I'm done and I go to my room and you and DOM can go back to doing whatever the fuck you want. Got it?"
Krissy nodded.
"Got it?" repeated Paola.
"Yes" replied Krissy.
"Yes, what?"
Krissy swallowed and said, "Yes, Paola!" There was simultaneously defiance and submission in that simple sentence.
"Good," said Paola and came to sit next to me. She pressed her naked leg next to mine but made no further move to touch me.
A minute went by. I looked at Paola. She winked at me. I looked back to Krissy. She was making a valiant attempt to make this look like the most natural thing in the world. Buck naked in the stairwell of a hotel, up on her tippy toes. She'd put her arms on her hips in an attempt to achieve a defiant stance.
Another minute went by. Krissy said nothing but there was a slight trembling in her calves. I cleared my throat. Paola smirked.
Three minutes went by and Krissy's legs started to tremble and reminded me of Elvis shaking his. Krissy's face was in a tight grimace. Paola was watching her intently.
I didn't know how much more Krissy could take of this, or I for that matter.
After about four minutes Krissy started to make some involuntary noises. I also noticed there were tears running down both her cheeks again.
I turned to Paola to tell her enough was enough. I only got the word "Paola" out before she shouted, "Shut the hell up DOM!" She didn't take her eyes off Krissy for a second though.
Around the five minute mark it looked like Krissy was going to pass out from the strain. It looked like she was holding her breath.
At the last second Paola rushed forward and clamped her mouth onto Krissy's cunt.
Krissy let out a loud sigh. She held onto Paola's head which probably relieved the pressure on her calves just enough to be almost bearable.
Thankfully Paola wasn't taking it slow. She licked her whole pussy a couple times then went for the Krissy's lovebutton. She flicked it fast and then sucked it.
"Oh yeah!" said Krissy.
Paola resumed her fast paced licking.
Krissy ground her hips into Paola. "Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah," she kept repeating getting louder and louder.
Paola grabbed Krissy's ass and dug her nails into her cheeks and went even faster.
Krissy screamed, "Yes! Fuck You! Yes! Fuck Me! Yes!" as she came and the sound echoed in the stairwell. How she wasn't waking up the whole hotel to this day I have to idea but I was very thankful.
"Oh Jesus! Oh Fuck! Oh Shit!" Krissy said each time in a softer voice while she continued to tremble. Paola held onto her until her orgasm was done.
Krissy lowered back down to her feet, opened her eyes and looked down at Paola. There was a respect that hadn't been there before.
Paola stood up, wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and came back to sit next to me. Again making a point of making sure our legs were in complete contact.
Krissy held on to the railing and caught her breath. After a couple minutes she said, "I guess I should do you now."
"Nah," said Paola. "I figure it's fair now. I did DOM, he did me and now I did you."
Blood was coming back to Krissy's cheeks which had gotten a bit pale. She stared at Paola. "I still hate you," she managed feebly.
"I'd be disappointed if you didn't." With that she got, picked up her robe and put it on.
"Good luck in making it back to your room without being seen. These days everyone has a phone with them at all times."
She opened the door to the hallway but before entering she looked back over her shoulder and said, "And take care of DOM before papa-smurf comes looking for his missing dick," and with that she was gone.
I turned back to Krissy. She didn't look good. Or more correctly she didn't look well. She always looked good, naked or not.
"Help me," she whispered.
I rushed to Krissy and put an arm around her for support and she put an arm over my shoulder. I didn't think she could walk up any stairs so I asked her, "Where's your room?"
"Two down," she said thankfully. We proceeded slowly with Krissy hobbling down one step at a time and then limping down the corridor. Finally she said, "This is it" and we made it into her room without being caught. Krissy collapsed into the bed. "I'm sorry DOM...I mean Mr. A. I won't be able to do anything for you tonight."
"Don't be silly," I said.
Krissy curled up into a fetal position on the King bed. She looked so small in it.
"Could you hold me?" she asked.
"Of course precious," I said. I got into bed behind her and held her tightly. She was sniffling and I think I heard very faint sobs coming from her as she fell into a deep sleep.
Not long after I was in dreamland myself where there were orgies on planes, hotels going up in smoke, sensual screams mixed with frightening shrieks and all manner of crazy scenarios.
******
I woke up first and checked the clock radio which read 8am. Not too bad. I'd booked my first meeting for 11am figuring that it might be a busy first night. Little did I know...
I made myself a black coffee and sat in the comfortable side chair. I sipped the Columbian blend and pondered the last 13 hours. I'd been living a charmed life these last few weeks and almost blew it all for 30 minutes of fun. Granted the fun was what most men would consider once in a lifetime fantasies but I was lucky enough to be doing that almost daily with someone really special.
Krissy didn't wake for another hour. She stretched in bed and said, "Ow, I'm sore all over and my head hurts."
"It won't surprise me if you're limping for a while." Then I remembered the smell of alcohol on her breath. "How much did you drink anyway?"
"More than I should have. More than I ever have."
"At least you didn't throw up." I said.
"It'll probably cost you more than last night's room rate." she said.
"Don't worry about it." I replied.
"I'm not worried about it and you shouldn't either. To be honest, if it wasn't for the alcohol, I probably wouldn't have come to you last night, probably not today, probably not..." she trailed off and turned away in the bed. "I'm still mad at you. Mad and hurt. Screw what that bitch said...and what she did."
I walked around the side of the bed and saw more tears coming down her cheeks.
I knelt beside her. "I'm so sorry baby. Please forgive me. I was weak and stupid." I took a deep breath and continued, "I've been doing some thinking this morning. I'd rather die than lose you...you're so young I don't think you can even understand what you mean to me, at my age." I gently wiped away her tears with my thumbs. "I won't ever touch another women without your permission first."
"Including your wife?"
"Including my wife."
Krissy was silent for a couple minutes and then said, "Mr A., that's a really dumb thing to say. Never mind that that would probably lead to your wife quickly figuring out something was wrong but you're a grown man. You need to decide what you want and act accordingly. If you had simply said you screwed a stewardess on one of your business trips recently, I wouldn't be thrilled but I don't think I'd be devastated as I was last night. The context of us being on this getaway trip together and that bitch throwing it in my face with you seemingly complicit was too much for me. It felt like you wanted to hurt me..."
"Never, Krissy. Never." I brought my face to hers so that our foreheads and noses touched. I put my arm around her naked shoulder and we stayed like that for several minutes.
Finally she said, "You'd better go get ready for work."
"Can I take my shower here and borrow one of your robes?"
"Of course."
The shower was quite nice with several different settings. I turned on a hard wide spray and made it quite hot. It felt good. What felt better were some nipples on my back, hands on my chest and hips on my ass as Krissy stepped into the shower stall behind me.
"I don't want you to spend your day salivating at every female showing a little skin at work so I think I will take that cunt's advice."
She reached around and held my dick which was almost instantly right back to where it was last night when Paola had made her papa-smurf comment. She slid her hand up until her thumb and two forefingers held the uncircumcised head of my cock, gently squeezed and started pumping it.
"Not much time," I mumbled.
"That's fine, it will be a quickie," said Krissy.
"No, I mean that I won't be able to last long after last night."
"Well that's also fine by me. I have a busy day ahead of myself doing some planning."
Krissy turned me around so that my back was to the water and she was facing me. She had a mischievous smile on her face. "And trust me, you want me to do my planning."
With that she knelt down in front of me and gently sucked first one of my balls and then the other.
I instantly knew I was right and I wouldn't last long.
Krissy let go of my balls and put the tip of her tongue at the base of my cock and licked the full length to the head.
"Mmm," I managed.
Krissy put the whole head of my prick in her mouth and sucked.
"Ooohhh," was all I could say and I held on to the sides of the glass walls in the shower to hold me up.
She swirled her tongue around the head first clockwise and then counter-clockwise.
"I'm going to...," was all I got out when Krissy took me all the way into her mouth.
"Oh my god!" I shouted.
Her lips clamped down on my shaft and she slowly withdrew my clock keeping the lip-lock all the way.
She went down again.
"Oh my..." was all I managed the second time.
She repeated this a few times picking up the pace each time.
She grabbed my balls, started to massage them and then went back to concentrate on the head of my dick.
I think I felt my orgasm starting to build from the tips of my toes.
The sensation went up my legs, rested in my balls for a moment and just as it started to travel up my cock Krissy pulled me out of her mouth and gave a couple of quick tugs for good measure. My first load burst out like the fountain at the Mirage in Vegas on to her forehead, down the side of her nose and down to the corner of her mouth and finally some settled on her chin. She leaned back ever so slightly, pumped another couple times and directed my cock so that my second load went on her left breast and then on the right areola and nipple and the the last load went on to the middle of her belly and dribbled into her belly button.
I was spent. Looking down at Krissy she had the most immaculate smile on her face. She could be the Madonna.
She stood up, gave me a minute to catch my breath and then said, "Clean me up Mr. A."
I reached for the shower hose that we hadn't turned on yet but she just shook her head and tapped my mouth a couple times with her index finger.
"You know darling, you can take an 'ordinary' mind-blowing sexual encounter and still find a way to spice it up even more. I don't even understand how."
It was my turn to stoop down. Of course I first came face to face with a gorgeous looking pussy and I went for that first.
"Ooh, bad boy. Please don't start what you can't finish because you will be late for your meeting. Now do as you were told."
I knew she was right and so reluctantly I gave a couple slow kisses to her clit and moved up to her belly button.
I hesitated for a moment. Sure I'd had slight tastes of my self either while masturbating or when a girl had me suck her fingers in the middle of a hand job but this was different. This was gobs of jism all over my beauty queen. I took a lick from her belly button. It didn't taste bad though not sure I was say it tasted great but it somehow seemed a bit taboo which added to the excitement. I swallowed and traced the line up her belly.
"Good boy," she said.
Next I took her right breast into my mouth and swirled my tongue around to clean up the ejaculate. Her left breast was quicker and I moved to her chin.
I traced the cum up to her lips and inserted my tongue into her mouth. She sucked it and swallowed the semen that I shared into her mouth. Finally I cleaned the side of her nose and up to her forehead and swallowed my last bit.
"All done," I said.
"For now," said Krissy. "Wait until you see what I have for you later!"
"I can't imagine," I said.
"Nope, you can't," she replied. "Now get going."
I soaped up. I would have loved to soap up Krissy but there really wasn't time. I gave Krissy one last longing kiss, toweled off, put on her spare hotel robe, ran to my room and dressed in record time.
"Stupid fucking meetings," I said but then realized that if it wasn't for these "stupid fucking meetings" I would not be here on this trip with my little nympho. I hoped that I didn't say anything stupid in the meetings while I daydreamed what Krissy could possibly have in store for me later.
***
Krissy finished her shower, toweled off and then lay down on her bed naked. "What a rollercoaster ride the last 24hrs had been," she thought as she relived most of it.
She got up, walked to the glass wall and pulled open the curtains to let the sunlight in. It felt nice and warm on her naked body. She took her phone out of her bag and sat in the chair Mr. A had been sitting in and put her feet up on the table. She googled the University of Waterloo's soccer team, the Warlords, and confirmed that today's home game was at 7pm.
Krissy sent a text to 'CreamOfTheCrop69', "Coming 2 2nite's game". Almost right a way she go the response, "K...2 tix 4 u @ box office."
Next she sent a text to Mr. A, "Be back for 5pm." It wasn't a question. It took a couple minutes before Krissy got the reply, "Okay, see you at 5pm."
That completed the planning for today's adventure because most of the arrangements had been done in advance. The thought of what the night was going to bring made her tingle between her legs and made her smile. She turned her face to the window to drink in the sun. She saw a couple of bright lights flash momentarily.
"I think I have an admirer," she thought. To test the theory, she waved. There was a another brief flash of the two lights, this time moving down.
"Busted," she said out loud and laughed. Krissy leaned her head back and luxuriated in the sun's warmth. "I wonder how long it will take you to come back?" She gave it a couple minutes and then looked back to where she thought the binoculars were. She waved again.
Squinting, she thought she saw movement like someone waving but she couldn't be sure. She put her hands to shield her eyes from the sun but it didn't really make a difference.
Just then she saw the two lights flash back and forth three times. They were waving back to her using the binoculars. Krissy smiled and gave them 2 thumbs ups. Then she spread her legs so they would have an even better view.
She'd flashed people before. Most recently at the Ottawa airport on the way to Waterloo where a women caught her masturbating for Mr. A in the crowded lounge. The woman had even given Krissy her name and number. And sure she had posted some stuff online but she was not identifiable. This was more extreme. Who knew what that person had. They could be recording her for all she knew. The thought got her wet and since Mr. Adams had not had time for her this morning she was feeling horny.
She cupped her left breast and squeezed it. Then she reached up to her right breast and pinched the nipple. She bent her head forward and was just barely able to flick it with her tongue. She wanted someone to suck it. She briefly considered holding up a sign with her room number on it but thought that was a bit too risky even for her. Maybe if her friend Ruby, or 'Red' like Mr. A liked to call her, was here she'd take the chance because Ruby could handle almost any physical problem despite her frame. The knowledge had come at a price with lasting PTSD but Krissy had personally seen her put down a 250lb trucker with lust and violence in his eyes who looked like he had rape and removal of evidence on his mind. Ruby had taken his switchblade away from him and decided he'd needed a permanent reminder. Krissy had frozen in disbelief as Ruby had changed how this creep's friends would try to goad him into doing something. From then on they'd have to say, "Come on, don't you have the ball to do it?". She'd wiped the knife on his plaid red and black shirt and put it in her back pocket to keep as a souvenir. Just before they left him to try to call 911 on his cell, Ruby gave him a kick in the ribs for good measure.
"Well that's not a sexy memory," thought Krissy and realized she'd stopped putting on a show. She got up and went to the bar fridge. She got a bottle of Heineken out, opened it and poured it down the drain and rinsed the bottle. She was not a beer fan.
She went back to the chair, opened her legs and gently put her finger at her asshole and drew it up the skin to her pussy and then all the way up to her clitoris. Again the double flash of light. "I guess they want me to know they haven't gone anywhere," she thought.
She licked her right middle finger to lubricate it and while squeezing her left nipple she started to rub her pussy with the lubed finger. Up and down. She flicked her tongue onto her left nipple and reached it a tiny bit more than the right one. She sucked her finger again and slowly pulled it out of her mouth. She stroked her pussy a couple more times and then slowly inserted her finger first halfway and then all the way it.
She saw the two lights starting to rhythmically flash in and out of sight. Though Krissy couldn't see them, she knew what they were doing.
"Shit, I'm an idiot," Krissy said aloud to herself. She'd just remembered that she had brought her dad's binoculars on this trip for tonight's event.
She put her index finger up as if to say, "1 second" and she ran to get it from her carry-on bag.
She came back, went up to the window and raised the binoculars. She still didn't see the person clearly as their window was a bit tinted but it looked like long hair on a petite frame so she guessed it was a woman.
She held up the 1 second finger again and went to find a piece of scrap paper and the sharpie she had thrown into her make up bag.
She wrote her cell number in large letters, took the paper to the glass window and held it up.
About 30 seconds passed when she heard the beep of a message which said, "Hi".
Krissy texted back, "Hi! This would be more fun for me if I could see you too but your window is too tinted. Can you open it?"
After a pause, Krissy received the message, "Unfortunately not. One second."
The balcony door opened around the corner and a small brunette in her late twenties came out on to her balcony wearing only the binoculars around her neck. She had short hair with a pretty face. She reminded Krissy a bit of Trinity from the Matrix. Because the balcony had small metal bars instead of a wall, Krissy, with her binoculars, could see her full nudity.
"Better?" came the message.
"Way better :-)," sent back Krissy and then added, "...of course it's also way better for everyone on my side of the building."
Underneath her binoculars, Krissy saw the brunette's mouth curl up into a smile. Then she sent back, "Wish I could charge admission :-)"
Krissy laughed. "You're crazy! My kind of girl," she texted back. True without binoculars people wouldn't really be able to see her well or identify her. She was standing about a foot back from the railing so nobody in her own building on another balcony would be able to see her.
Krissy saw that the woman had smallish breasts but the nipples looked hard as rocks. Lower down she had a thin pubic landing strip of hair.
Krissy traced her lips sensually with her tongue. She got the Heineken bottle and rubbed it around the edges of her pussy.
Through the binoculars she saw "Trinity" bite her bottom lip and go back to masturbating with two fingers on her right hand. Just as she inserted both into her pussy, Krissy shoved the beer bottle into hers.
Trinity's mouth changed to the shape of an "O" as if she said, "Oooh!" and she started fucking herself in earnest with her hand. Krissy in turn started pushing the bottle in and out of her cunt. It felt like a small super hard penis but it was nice that the bulgier part of the bottle was bumping into and stimulating her clitoris.
Krissy saw that Trinity looked as if she could be moaning a bit though she couldn't hear her.
"Jesus Christ!" said Krissy out load.
All of a sudden, a silver head had poked into view on the balcony next to Trinity. The head bent it's way around the dividing wall and it's jaw dropped.
Trinity had her binoculars to her eyes so she was oblivious.
Krissy dropped the bottle onto the carpet and emphatically pointed with her left hand at the head. Krissy saw Trinity put down the nocs, and look to her right. She froze. Left hand in pussy. Right hand on her breast holding the nocs.
"Well it was fun while it lasted," thought Krissy. She picked up the bear bottle and put it on the table next to her. She was undecided if to finish what she'd started or to take a cold shower and torture herself until later. She glanced one more time out the window and then put the binoculars back to her eyes. The actors in the scene were still frozen except the head had closed it's mouth.
Then Krissy saw Trinity smile, turn back to her, put her nocs back up and resume masturbating. She even seemed to turn slightly right to give a better view to her neighbour.
"She really is awesome!" thought Krissy.
Krissy saw the head rise and some of the upper body came into view. It was a man who seemed to be in his early 70s. He put a hand up to his eyes, looked in Krissy's direction and squinted. Krissy was sure he couldn't see her.
Silver head turned back to Trinity. Krissy saw him lift the tails of his light blue collared shirt, fumble with the brown belt and drop his khakis and drawers together in one shot to his ankles.
She could see he was holding his balls with his right hand and had his cock in his left. Since there was about an inch and a half of it protruding through, Krissy put him at about 6.5 inches and he was already hard.
"Not bad you old geezer," thought Krissy. "I hope I still got it when I'm your age." Krissy's focus returned to Trinity.
Trinity slowly inserted her middle and ring fingers into her pussy and used her thumb at the same time to rub her clit.
Krissy picked up the bottle and saw that there was about half an inch of her juice in the bottle. She downed it and rubbed the edge of the bottle around her lower lips again. Then she used the bottle mouth to rub her clitoris. She saw Trinity had picked up the pace and she could swear that she could hear distant grunts and groans echoing between the buildings.
Krissy let the bottle fall again and went back to using her hand. She decided to mimic Trinity and shoved the same two finders into her cunt. It was like they were doing each other.
Krissy saw Trinity frenetically fucking herself and all of a sudden she dropped the binoculars that fell to her breasts, grabbed the hand rail and squeezed her hand in place with her legs. She was trembling with her climax.
With Trinity barely moving, Silver Head drew Krissy's attention for a moment and she saw him shooting a large load through the balcony bars. She looked down below and saw that it looked like it was going to land on a parked car, possibly on a windshield.
Krissy looked back to Trinity who was still recovering but looking up again. She glowed and looked ravishing. Krissy started ramming 3 fingers into her cunt, in and out, in and out. She saw Trinity put the binoculars back to her eyes so that she could see her again.
It was Krissy's turn to drop the binoculars. She leaned her head back and yelled, "Fuck yes!" and with a couple more shoves she was cumming all over her hand and the chair. Krissy was catching her breath when she heard her cell phone buzz.
She picked it up and saw the message, "Pleased to meet you. Much better than a handshake!" Krissy laughed and replied, "lol".
She picked up her binoculars again looked one last time at Trinity, blew her a kiss and left Silver Head admiring Trinity while she crawled into bed for some much needed rest before the evening's activities.
***
Reminder: Please take 2 seconds to vote on the story or better yet, 20 seconds and leave a comment - Thanks, it's a big motivator!