COMMENTS are always welcome. I am starting a new series while still working on various one-shot stories. Some I've taken down to re-write, but they will be back up soon. Please comment away!
Chapter 1
The Corruption of Paige Whitman
Paige Whitman wasn't your typical high school girl, but she was your typical Hayley Williams wannabe high school rockstar. At just 18, Paige had already made a name for herself travelling all over her home state of Michigan with various local acts who were much more well-known than her. It was tough, playing in a pop-emo band and opening for bands comprised of guys older than her own father who usually played to beer-soaked audiences at various dives she would only be permitted entrance to when it was her time to go on stage (if said venue even had a stage). More often than not, Paige ended up playing darkened corners at bowling alleys, local pizza joints, and dance clubs. Flying Castles was the name of her band, and Paige was lucky if the owner of the venues remembered the name right after they finished their well-practiced 35-minute set.
Paige had milky white skin, emerald green eyes that she kept painted various shades of blue, and bright dyed-maroon hair. She had a petite body with medium-sized breasts and a big bubble butt that she always found drew unwanted glances from men anytime she turned around. Anytime she went to the beach, Paige was used to turning around finding a few men quickly diverting their eyes from her rear. Men and boys alike liked looking at her, which she didn't mind so much when she was on stage. Up there, Paige was a rockstar to anybody who cared to stop and listen to her band.
It was just a pipe dream that ate into her homework time and made her late for her part time job selling cookies at the mall for minimum wage. But that pipe dream started to become a reality the summer before her senior year when she got signed to an upcoming label called Sonic Wave Records. They helped produce a music video for her band, which was shot at her high school after school hours and sent her on tour all over the Midwest. By the time she came back, her video was already in heavy circulation online and MTV. Kids her age and much younger were even starting to show up to their shows, so she began making homemade t-shirts for them. One night, while singing at a Halloween party for most of her senior class, enjoying popularity for the first time since high school began, a drunk student threw a tiara at her while screaming, "Paige Whitman for Homecoming Queen!"
That turned into a chant that she couldn't stop. Paige had to laugh, deciding to turn the situation around quickly.
"I'm the princess of Flying Castles!" she had cried out playfully as she crowned herself, laughing at the absurdity of even being considered for such a silly thing.
Paige didn't care about high school or it's obsession with popularity contests.
She cared about her friends, family, band, and the few amazing fans she had.
But what Paige loved most about her band was that her boyfriend was her guitarist.
Bobby Tanner, a cute boy with messy black hair and brown eyes, had been childhood friends with Paige when they lived next door to each other. But when Bobby and Paige lost touch when Bobby had to move away because his father got reassigned to a different military base. It was fate that brought them back together years later. Bobby and Paige fell in love when Bobby moved back into town and started attending the same high school as Paige .A secret crush Paige had on Bobby quickly formed into a lasting connection, which soon led Paige into forming her first physical relationship with a boy, having only stolen a couple of kisses before Bobby. Now she was lost in a relationship with a boy she was deeply in love with, and was slowly coming into womanhood in her first sexual relationship.
Paige and Bobby were each other's first everything.
But while slowly getting used to sharing her body with her boyfriend, Paige was also able to explore her fascination with sex and the male body, especially her boyfriend's penis. Bobby was uncircumcised and about six inches when he was fully erect, which might as well have been a foot when it was inside her, stretching her tight walls out. Sex was painful at first for her, so she decided to try getting off from oral sex. It wasn't hard to convince Bobby to kiss her privates, or to let her return the favor. Over the course of their relationship, Paige found Cosmo and the Internet to be her best friends when it came to all the sex stuff. She always wanted to make sure Bobby was well satisfied, and that she was being a dutiful rockstar girlfriend., She feared a No Doubt/Paramore style split in the bad once they broke the news, but that storm never came. Instead, her other band mates got girlfriends of their own, or found they were more content fooling around with eager female fans and groupies before and after shows while on tour.
And so became Paige's life after graduation, balancing a boyfriend, a band, and a part time job, all while preparing to go to college with her other band mates.
But one day, while actually getting some homework done, Paige got a call from a man named Ken Stanton who had somehow gotten a hold of one of the demos her band had released at the Battle of the Bands show she performed at the year before.
Ken invited her, the band, and all of their families out to dinner that weekend, and before she had to return to school on Monday, Flying Castles was a signed act. Ken was a good-looking guy, Paige had thought when she first met him. He had styled black hair and piercing eyes that somehow always seemed to find their way to Paige.
Ken was always making phone calls, exchanging e-mails, and working hard to make sure his clients were getting where they needed to go and treated the way they deserved to be treated. He was also over twice Page's age, pushing 40 years old, though he didn't look it. But she tried to push any reservations about Ken out of her head. Soon, Paige's head was spinning in discussions about music videos, tours, press releases, etc. That was what she really cared about: the dream. Nothing more.
Things were going great for Paige and the band, until the roster for Warped Tour came up and Flying Castles' name was nowhere to be seen on any of the posters. But one of the other bands on her same label did show up, which made Paige furious. Her band was pretty upset too, including Bobby, but they figured they were the new band on the label and had to wait to pay their dues before they got driven around across the country playing one of the biggest punk rock festivals a band like theirs could play. Still, that answer didn't satisfy Paige.
"Would you consider... putting us on the roster?" Paige had asked Ken one day, after stopping by his office.
"I just think we need to work some more in the studio... on the live performance," Ken had said over and over. "Plus, you can't drink yet, and there's a lot of alcohol going around at these things. That can mean disaster for a label if even one of you comes into contact with it... and don't get me started on the sponsors."
Ken was blowing her off, which Paige didn't appreciate. But the other band going out, its members were a few years older, almost out of college now, so Ken wasn't lying about that. What she wished was that she had some way of proving to Ken that she was mature and could handle herself out there on the road. But the real problem in her way was the lead singer of the band ahead of them. Paige was nearly positive that Ken was having sex with her. She couldn't prove it, but when she walked into his office one day unannounced, it was obvious the two had been flirting. Plus, she saw the girl, Aurora, leave Ken's office with rumpled clothes and messy hair on more than one occasion.
Paige considered if she was the type of girl who would do the same thing. Not that she could, she had a boyfriend. But what if she didn't, she kept asking herself?
"Are you sleeping with Aurora?" Paige had finally asked.
Ken stopped what he was doing incredulous that she might even ask such a question. "I... what kind of a question is that?"
"A fair one. I've seen the way you two talk..."
"I... my relationship with Aurora has nothing to do with her band going out."
"Well, if... it did... I wouldn't mind really."
"You wouldn't?" Ken asked, confused.
"No, because... I mean, I have a boyfriend, and... I give him preferential treatment sometimes, so... if I had a problem with it, I'd be a pretty big hypocrite, wouldn't I?"
"I suppose..." Ken was unsure where the conversation was headed. He had not been pleased that he had been so sloppy to let other bands figure out he was fucking a client.
"But... if I could do something to... earn preferential treatment..." Paige stammered.
"Paige, you're... there's Bobby."
"Is that the only reason you would have reservations?" Paige asked Ken, stepping toward him in front of his desk and suddenly feeling his true stature and power over her.
"It's rarely a good idea to get involved with clients. I shouldn't be with Aurora, for this reason right here, right now," Ken stated, finally checking Paige out, his eyes falling to her small bust, and then travelling back up to her lips.
Paige wondered whether he was imagining kissing her breasts, or something entirely else? Let him fantasize, she thought. The idea of him fantasizing about her made her body betray her better nature. She felt a flood of wetness and excitement between her legs she hadn't felt for anyone since she started dating Bobby. It made Paige, feel ashamed, and embarrassed.
"What if I talked to Bobby..." Paige asked.
"I... I don't know..."
"Let me just talk to him," Paige said, before leaving Ken alone and frustrated in his office. She wondered if he'd masturbate while thinking of her right in his office.
When Paige pulled Bobby aside in her room late that night, he flipped out.
"You what!" Bobby exclaimed, incredulous at what he heard.
"We only talked about it. Nothing happened," Paige reassured.
"But it could if you're considering it. He's... he's almost 40, Paige! You're not even 20!"
"I know, but... I really think we can get out there. And if this is all Ken want - "
"All Ken wants?" Bobby interrupted. "Is cheating on me not that big of a deal?"
"I'm not cheating, I'm telling you. And it's not technically the first time. Remember that party where we all played truth or dare, and I had to give Remi a handjob in front of everyone, including you? You were okay with that."
"It was a handjob, not sex, and I got to see you make out with Amanda because of that, so there was an upside to it for me," Bobby explained.
"So let me give you an upside to this..." Paige said.
"What's that?"
"If you find me a willing girl... I'll let you watch us," Paige admitted uncomfortably, remembering the awkward sensation of having to make out with a girl she barely knew.
"Watch you do what?"
Paige sighed. "Watch us have sex, okay?"
"You'd be with another girl?" Bobby asked, suddenly forgetting his reservations.
"Yes. If I agreed that I liked her too," Paige quickly added.
Bobby considered this. "You promise?"
Paige was suddenly shocked at how quickly he was changing his mind.
"I promise," Paige stated.
"And you aren't going to leave me for Ken?"
"What! No! This is for us... for the band, not for the sex, okay? I mean, you won't leave me for the girl you want to watch me with, will you?"
"No."
"Good," Paige said.
"I want to be there, though," Bobby added.
"What? Like... when I'm... with Ken?" Paige asked, shocked.
"Yes."
"Bobby, you don't have to... I mean... do you... want to be there?"
"I want to support you. I love you. I want to be your boyfriend no matter what."
Paige smiled. She truly loved Bobby and was happy he would be there, though she wasn't sure if it was the best idea she could think of for their relationship. Did Bobby get off thinking about her with other men, she wondered. She knew he loved it when she made out with the girl at the party, as he kept asking her about the experience when they fooled around for months afterward. The notion of having to recall the details of her first lesbian experience to Bobby was a slight turn on for Paige. However, the idea that she had to have sex with another woman scared her as she wasn't gay, but until now she also wasn't the polyamorous type or much of an exhibitionist, either. This was all very new territory for Paige's sexuality, which was blooming in a way she never imagined.
When Paige and Bobby showed up at Ken's office the next day and explained the situation to him, Ken seemed slightly more comfortable with it knowing Bobby was on board. The idea of fucking her in front of Bobby didn't seem to turn Ken off at all, Paige realized. She wondered if he'd get off on it, or had done something like this before with Aurora.
"Are you sure you want to be here for this, Bobby?" Ken asked.
Bobby watched Paige shift anxiously on her feet, the gazelle in the lion's den. He couldn't abandon her when he had promised to be there through the whole thing. Still, the thought of watching his girlfriend give herself so willingly to another man mad him insanely jealous and stirred a possessive side of his character he hadn't yet been acquainted with. And yet, something inside his loins stirred and drew him to stay.
"I'm in love with Paige, and she wants me to be here."
Paige smiled warmly. She was happy Bobby was here, though she wasn't sure what it would do to their relationship once he actually watched her have sex with another man. She was so used to Bobby, she wasn't sure how she'd handle intimacy with another man, let alone Ken. She tried to control her breathing and prepare herself mentally for what she was getting herself into. This was what being a woman was all about, Paige thought. She wasn't a girl anymore, so she had to make these sorts of decisions on her own. Her heart raced inside her chest to think Bobby was even watching her now. It was all for him, she kept reminding herself. She was doing this so she could be with Bobby and live her dream with him.
"And Paige, you're okay with him watching you?"
"I don't want there to be any secrets between us. I want Bobby to know that I'm only doing this for us, not because I'm a slut or straying... not that I don't like you!" she quickly corrected, nervous about her choice of wording to and about her manager.
"Fair enough. But I don't think anyone in this room thinks anything like that about you. I know Bobby is crazy about you, Paige, but so am I. We're all friends tonight."
"I know," Paige said, sipping the soda in front of her nervously.
"So if there's anything at all I can do to make you or Bobby more comfortable..."
"I think I'm as comfortable as I'm going to be."
"Well, how about we dance? Do you like to dance?"
Ken picked up a nearby remote and, with a click of a button, filled the office with a soft jazz ensemble. His moving expertly and the hunger in Ken's eyes made Paige feel like a nervous schoolgirl. She awkwardly put her arms around him as he slid his hand around the small of her back and gently pressed himself against her. Where Bobby was a boy, Ken was a man, nearly twice her age and size. She shuddered to think how big his penis might be, and if it would hurt when it was actually inside of her. Paige tried to push the thought from her mind, unaware of how excited it was making her.
Paige had a fascination with penises and thought about them constantly whenever she masturbated. The first time she'd given Bobby a handjob, she let him watch her masturbate at the same time just because she wanted to know what it would feel like to have an orgasm with the actual organ in her hand. It also helped that she loved the person it was attached to. When Paige had finally came, she had never felt so ashamed or embarrassed in her life. But when she was naked with Bobby, nothing was ever off limits for him. However he wanted to touch her, caress her, talk to her, or fuck her... Paige was always happy to oblige. Nothing was off limits. Just like tonight, she kept reminding herself.
"You're an amazingly beautiful woman, Paige," Ken told her. Paige blushed.
"Thank you..." she said.
"You don't have to do this you know..."
"I know, but... I want to make you feel good."
Ken pulled Paige against his crotch. She felt a stiff bulge press against her pelvis. He was definitely going to be bigger than Bobby, which made her nervous and excited.
"Do you feel what you do to me, Paige?"
Paige awkwardly slid her hand down over his belt and gently cupped the bulge. She saw the breath escape from Ken's mouth when she put her hands on him. She smiled at Ken and blushed. Bobby watched this, amazed at how aroused he was becoming...
Paige felt Ken's hand slide beneath her shirt and stop at her underwire. He started to caress the skin just beneath her bra. They looked into each other's eyes, Paige obviously more nervous that Bobby was watching them than Ken seemed to be. She hoped he would be a good lover and that she could at least please him in return. He had probably been with dozens of women, maybe hundreds. How could she or would she compare? She kept wondering why Ken would even want her.
"You can put your hands under my bra if you want," Paige said matter-of-factly.
"Do you like it when I touch you like this?"
"Yeah..." she nodded bashfully, feeling the bulge stiffen against her groin.
Paige continued to massage the bulge in Ken's pants gently as his hands slipped under her underwire and over the naked flesh of her breasts under her bra. He ran his fingers over and around her nipples, gently teasing and pulling them. He then kneaded her breasts and massaged them gently, which felt like Heaven to Paige. Even Bobby had never given her a breast massage like this before.
"That feels nice," Paige murmured.
Bobby just watched Ken continue to grope his girlfriend, wondering how much of this he could take before speaking up. Still, the idea of Ken feeling Paige up kind of excited Bobby in a twisted way that he wasn't familiar with.
Ken slipped a hand out of Paige's bra and slid it back down her tummy and toward her pants. He gently traced his fingers across the naked skin just above her pants, occasionally dragging them just inside her panties and back out again. Finally, he slipped his hand down into her underwear, down the silky smooth path to her vagina where he found her aching nub and wetness. Paige moaned when his fingers slipped over her privates, a part of her body only Bobby had ever been allowed to see or touch before. And here she was, letting her manager touch it. The sensation of his hands in her pants and on her body made her melt.
"You shave," Ken said smiling.
"I hope you like it."
"I do. I always wondered if you did or not."
Ken slipped his middle finger into Paige's vagina, which caused her to stir.
She blushed when he did, but wasn't prepared for the pleasure she would feel
Paige whimpered like an animal and pressed herself closer to Ken. She turned and looked at Bobby who watched them nervously. Paige felt Ken's fingers slip into her wetness and begin to gently penetrate her, in and out over and over. Ken brought his other hand out of her bra to pull her panties and jeans away from her body so that he could look inside them at her hairless pubic region.
"I think it's really hot that you shave. It's a sexy look for you..." Ken told her.
"Thanks," Paige replied, nervously.
Ken removed his fingers from Paige and showed them to her, covered in her wetness and tainted in her forbidden aroma. The sight and smell of her arousal excited Paige in a way she had never felt before. Ken then did something unexpected when he put the mess to her mouth. Paige opened it, suddenly aware that she was meant to suck her own excitement off his fingers. She closed her eyes and took him into her mouth, slowly sucking on his fingers.
"How far down can you go..." he asked, pushing his fingers deeper into her mouth and causing her to gag. But that didn't stop him. His fingers plunged into her throat.
"You can deep-throat?" he asked incredulously as Paige tried to keep her throat relaxed, but started to convulse. She pulled him out of her throat and coughed, embarrassed by her inexperience and inability to hold her own. Her eyes watered over and tears began to run down her cheeks from the invasion in her throat.
"For a second, maybe. Sorry..."
"I can't even imagine you giving head, Paige."
"Something tells me you already have..."
"Does that make you uncomfortable?" Ken asked honestly.
"I guess not."
"What if I told you that I've masturbated to you before?"
Bobby shifted uneasily, knowing someone bigger and more successful than him was lusting after his girlfriend, a girl he could easily snatch and take away from him. Still, there was something arousing to Bobby about watching her melt into Ken's embrace and give in to her forbidden desires. Paige was a rockstar, so Bobby always knew that the competition for her affection was going to be fierce. But when they first started dating, he never imagined Paige was going to turn out to be a creature as sexually curious as he was. There was something exciting about watching his nubile girlfriend slowly corrupt herself with Ken. The very sight made Bobby's cock stir.
"I don't mind..." Paige said.
"And one thing I've always wondered is what you look like completely naked. So why don't you take off your clothes for me? You don't mind do you?" Ken asked.
Paige shook her head. She crossed her arms and peeled off her t-shirt, revealing her zebra striped bra and naval ring beneath. She reached around and unhooked her bra behind herself. Hesitatly, Paige pulled the garment away from her chest, revealing her medium-sized, milky white mounds with puffy, pink areoles and hard nipples. It was the first time she had revealed breasts to anyone but Bobby. She turned and looked at him, searching for his approval, wondering what was going through his mind. She had promised him that her body belonged to her and him only, but now she was sharing it with another and it didn't seem to arouse so much as a single word of protest from him. She turned back to Ken who drank in her breasts hungrily, reaching out and groping them, mashing them together, squeezing them and lifting them as if testing their ripeness. He was like a horny schoolboy, but it made her more wet knowing he had fantasized about her sexually and was now touching her in ways she never thought she would have allowed him to.
"Wow, Paige, these are amazing..." he complimented, eyes fixated on her chest.
Paige unbuckled her belt and slowly slid her pants down her long, silky smooth white legs. Then, she pulled down her underwear, revealing her freshly shaven labia to Ken. His eyes lit up at the sight of it. Paige was completely nude in front of Bobby and her manager, on full display for them both. She shifted uneasily before them.
"I love that you shave, Paige. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to see how beautiful your vagina is." Ken reached out and gently brushing his fingertips over her wet clitoris, which caused her to melt. Her womanhood was his tonight, Paige decided.
"Can I see your ass?"
Paige nervously turned around and offered her naked backside to Ken. Her slender, milky back ended in two large, juicy cheeks. For a petite girl, Paige had one amazingly plump ass. Paige looked to Bobby for approval. He just nodded as Ken reached out and began to gently trace his hands over her backside.
"Wow, Paige... look at that thing!"
"You like?" She asked nervously.
"I love girls who have a nice butt. It's so perfectly formed. I bet Bobby loves taking you from behind."
Paige blushed at the thought of what she must look like from behind to a boy.
Ken slapped one of her cheeks and watched Paige's butt jiggle, which caused Paige to scream out in surprise.
"You don't mind if I spank you, do you?" he asked.
"No..." she stammered.
Ken led Paige over to the couch and then awkwardly bent her over his knee, which sort of humiliated her. She felt ashamed, like she had done something wrong, and was being punished and humiliated in front of her helpless boyfriend because of it. She blushed at being so quickly taken advantage of by Ken and wondered if he had fantasized about this before while masturbating. The thought of him grabbing his cock and stroking it until it spurted semen made Paige squirm. She was embarrassed to find that she was getting wet at the thought.
"Are you going to be a good little girl tonight?" Ken asked.
"What?" she asked, confused.
Ken slapped her hard again, her butt jiggling and causing her to cry out. "I asked you if you're going to be a good little girl tonight," Ken said again.
"Yes," Paige muttered, her cheeks stinging from the sharp blow.
"Yes... what?" Ken asked.
"Yes, I'll be a good little girl tonight."
Ken slapped Paige hard on her ass again.
"Ow!" she screamed.
Bobby shifted uneasily, somewhat put-off and somewhat aroused by this treatment of his rockstar girlfriend. He had never spanked her like this before, but he knew that the next time he had the chance that he would be leaving some handprints on her ass.
"Well then... why don't you spread your legs for me?" Ken asked.
Ken let Paige crawl off him and sit down on the couch beside him. She was curious to see a bulge forming in Bobby's pants. Was it turning him on to see her naked in front of another man and being manhandled like that? Paige spread her legs nervously, displaying her vagina in full bloom to Ken. He saw her lips swollen and aching, her slit shimmering with anticipation, her clit aching for attention. He slipped his hands over her soft breasts and stared at her womanhood on display for his and Bobby's pleasure. He slowly started to trace his fingers over her flower.
"Bobby, you don't mind if I touch your girlfriend's privates do you?" he asked.
"If she's okay with it..." Bobby said.
Ken turned to Paige. "Are you?"
Paige turned to Bobby nervously. He nodded approvingly. She swallowed hard.
"Well, you already have..." Paige moaned.
Ken brushed his hands over Paige's swollen lips, running his fingers over her labia and pressing them just inside of her. He bent down and took one of her breasts into his mouth and gently sucked on it like an infant. Paige placed a hand on his head and began to run it through is dark hair, looking up at Bobby who watched on. For some reason, knowing Bobby was watching her give herself to Ken sexually aroused her. She wondered what was going on in Bobby's head and thought about his stiff cock...
Ken inched down to Paige's womanhood and breathed in her intoxicating aroma. He inhaled deeply, which made Paige incredibly nervous and self-conscious.
"I love the way you smell, Paige... it's like a forbidden fruit."
Ken then dragged his tongue up from the bottom of her opening all the way up to her clitoris, which caused Paige's whole body to go rigid as ecstasy surged through her pussy. She cried out, which made her ashamed since Bobby was watching. She tried to fight it, but Paige loved getting eaten out, and she knew that Bobby knew. This was the point of no return for Paige. Ken's tongue pushed into her slit. He peeled her labia apart and licked them clean. He flicked his tongue over her clitoris. Then, his fingers plunged into her wetness and she started to moan and groan loudly.
"You taste amazing, sweetie," Ken said. Paige could feel his hot breath on her nub.
Paige sighed with pleasure.
"Has anyone ever tasted your pussy before?"
"You're the only other person to even see it other than Bobby."
"You don't mind if I call it a pussy do you?"
Paige shook her head.
Bobby looked over, the sight of his girlfriend's excitement glistening all over her longtime manager's mouth and chin a slightly arousing, yet forbidden sight. He started to grab at his bulge like it was driving him crazy, Paige saw, wishing she could reach out and suck on his penis right then and there. Maybe she'd finally get to see Ken's manhood. She'd thought about his cock before. But all she could focus on was her own orgasm building deep against her G-Spot and surging around her clitoris. Ken continued to lap at her like a hungry animal, trying to consume her womanhood and all of the nectar that leaked out of it. Paige finally threw her legs around Ken's head and tried to drag him deeper inside of her. Ken put both of his hands under her butt and then lifted her from the couch, slowly dragging his face all over her wet flower and smearing her excitement all over his prickly stubble and nose. Paige screamed out at the sight of him doing this, and bucked against his movements. Ken finally pulled away from the flower, left sopping wet.
"Keep eating me."
"Eating you where?" he asked playfully.
"My... my pussy!" Paige screamed out.
Ken finally shoved both of his fingers into Paige's hole and caused her to scream out.
Paige felt the pleasure and pressure deep inside her explode out over her clitoris. It was a tingling sensation that sent pins and needles all over her privates. The release of pressure caused an eruption inside her. A flooding of forbidden nectar between her legs embarrassed Paige. She saw it flow out and splash against Ken's waiting mouth and nose, hoping that it would not upset him to get ejaculated on by a girl.
"Wow..." was all he said.
Ken pulled himself up and then brought Paige in for an unexpected, deep, and incredibly wet kiss. She felt her own juices smear against her face, the taste of her own orgasm biting on her tongue. But then, Paige felt Ken release a mouthful of her own juices into her mouth, which caused her to gag for a second. The bitter-sweet taste swirled around her mouth not just the taste of female excitement, but her own. She never considered herself a lesbian, but the taste was forbidden and exciting. Paige knew she had to swallow it in order to regain control of the kiss, but when Ken broke away, most of the liquid spilled out of her mouth over her chin and breasts. What little remained, she swallowed, but the sight of having her own cum spill out of her mouth onto her naked body made her embarrassed. Even Bobby had never seen or tried to do anything like that with her.
"Jesus..." she said.
"Wow..."
"Yeah..." was all she could manage, mini-quakes rippling through her electrified pussy tormenting her and causing more eruptions to burst inside of her flower.
Both Bobby and Ken were drawn to the sight of Paige's vagina, nectar spontaneously spilling out it from her orgasms, the smell of her filling the room and mesmerizing both of them. Bobby couldn't believe he just let Ken watch his girlfriend cum. Or that he just watched Ken make her cum with his permission.
"So, I bet you've given Bobby a blowjob before?" Ken asked suddenly.
"Yeah."
"Do you like giving head?" Ken asked.
"Mm-hmm."
"Tell me why."
"I really like seeing how hard I make a guy!" she exclaimed.
"Have you ever thought about how hard you make me?" Ken asked, honestly.
"Maybe..."
"Do you want to see?"
"You know I do."
"I guess I don't. Tell me what you want to see."
"Your cock."
Bobby knew that Ken was bigger than him for pragmatic reasons, and also knew how much Paige loved cock. For a sweet, innocent girl, she was definitely fascinated with his penis and the male genitalia. She wasn't much for looking at porn usually, but Bobby did remember stumbling across some Playgirl JPEGS hidden on her laptop one day when she had asked him to fix her computer. All of the pictures involved very well endowed men. Still, it was sort of hot to watch her squirm toward Ken's belt, which he helped unfasten before pulling his slacks down with his boxers, revealing his 8-inch erection, throbbing and dripping at the tip. His pubic region was neatly trimmed, his shaft covered in thick veins. His engorged, reddish head pulsed.
Paige reached out and grabbed it. She had never seen anything like it before. Paige ran her hands over it, biting her lip at the sensation of feeling such impressive girth in her grip. She pulled herself up and took the impressive cock into one hand, using the other to gently massage his balls while she kissed the base of his shaft. Occasionally, Paige dragged her tongue to the tip, her tongue running up and down the thick veins, until finally sliding over the pre-cum dripping from his tip. The salty taste of him filled Paige's mouth as she began to swirl her tongue around the tip. She looked up into Ken's eyes for approval, which he gave with a nod, and then she took his head into her wet, warm mouth. Ken groaned.
"Oh, my God... Paige..." he moaned.
Bobby couldn't believe his eyes. Paige forced herself to take a large portion of Ken's sizable tool into her throat, the guttural sound of her gag reflex being violated turning Bobby on even more than he would have liked. Bobby knew Ken was going to be in for the blowjob of a lifetime, because Paige loved sucking dick.
She forced his cock into her throat and began to bob up and down on it, letting her mouth slide back and forth over his sensitive shaft. Her hands stroked him all over at the same time. Paige occasionally took him out of her mouth, thick strands of pre-cum and saliva stretching away from Ken's penis when she did. It was an erotic sight to behold: a spider-web of desire connecting Ken's penis to the home it was making inside of Paige's throat. When she would take him back into her throat, Paige continued to bob up and down on him. She looked like a slut, Bobby thought, embarrassed that he could have such a cruel thought about his lover. But the fact was, she was naked, on her knees, and sucking another man's cock for gain. He hated to think of her like a slut, but it turned him on even more to see his girlfriend reduce herself to such a position. Still, she seemed to be enjoying herself, occasionally taking Ken's thick penis out of her mouth and using both of her hands to stroke and mold it like clay.
"Oh, Paige... sweetie... look at me. I want to see those emerald green eyes looking right at me when you're sucking my dick," Ken managed.
Paige flashed him an innocent smile with his manhood stuffed deep in her throat.
"How deep can you take me?" he asked.
Paige gagged herself on his penis, which pushed over the back of her tongue and against her gag-reflex. It wasn't enough for Ken, who took Paige's head into his hands and then forced his entire length into the back of her throat, which caused her nose to press into his pubic region and her neck to swell. Bobby had seen Paige deep-throat before, but never anything as big as Ken's penis. Her neck was literally bulging because of it, her eyes watering and causing her make-up to run down her cheeks. Ken forced her to stay just like that, even as she fought for air. Paige was having trouble breathing, but realized Ken wanted her mouth longer than she was initially willing to give it, so she forced herself to breathe through her nose as he held her head in place. When she started to shake, Ken released her, pre-cum and saliva spilling out of her throat with the massive erection. Paige burst out into a coughing fit, which Ken seemed to find amusing. She looked up him seeking approval for her botched attempt. Ken smiled incredulously and pushed the hair out of her eyes.
"Not many girls your age can deep-throat a cock, Paige."
"I guess I'm not most girls my age," she replied with ruined make-up, her lips and chin glistening with spit and pre-cum.
Ken smiled. He then placed his erection on her cheek, which caused Paige to shudder, the sensation of his cock against her cheek causing her body to flood with excitement. He just rested it there and smiled down at her.
"Does that feel good?" Ken asked.
"Yes... I love your penis," she admitted.
"Bobby, Paige is amazing..."
"She is..." Bobby said.
"I want to fuck you, Paige."
"Okay..."
Ken picked her up in his powerful arms and carried her over to the table where he climbed on top of her and positioned his aching head at her soaking entrance. She felt it there, nervous at how much it was about to stretch her out and hurt her. The first time Bobby pushed into her, she screamed out and was in tears. She looked up into Ken's eyes, nervous as a virgin, and stroked his hair. Ken smiled down at her.
"I'm glad it's you..." she admitted.
"Me too, sweetie."
"Be gentle."
"I will."
Ken took the head of his penis and dragged it up and down her opening.
"Ready?"
Paige swallowed nervously and looked to Bobby. She reached out to him. He nervously approached her and took her hand in his. She smiled nervously at him.
"You ready?" she asked him.
"Yeah..." Bobby admitted, not knowing that he was.
Ken pushed inside of Paige as she tightened her grip around Bobby's hand.
"Ahhhhhhhh!" she screamed as Ken shoved his whole girth into her tight hole.
The pleasure and pain surging through Paige's vagina was unlike anything else she had ever felt. She looked up into Ken's eyes as he slowly began to fuck her, obviously enjoying himself more than she was. She bit down on her lip and turned back to Bobby, her only lifeline. She smiled at him, thankful to have him with her.
"I love you, sweetie," she managed.
"I love you too..." he said.
Bobby watched Ken fuck his girlfriend and decided he couldn't take anymore. He was more uncomfortable being the only one dressed in the room and decided to change that. He pulled off his shirt much to his girlfriend's surprise and excitement. When he got down to his boxers, kicking away his pants, it was obvious he was already excited. His erection pitched a perfect tent inside his boxers, a tiny wet spot forming right where the tip pressed against the cotton. He was nervous about being outshined by Ken, suddenly feeling smaller than before, knowing Paige would forever have this experience to compare.
"Paige... I think your boyfriend wants you to do something with him," Ken said.
"Yeah," she admitted. "Come here." Paige signaled for Bobby to step closer, which he did as Ken continued to pound into her harder and faster. The sounds of their genitals slapping together drove Bobby wild, but when Paige reached out and yanked his boxers off his cock, he forgot all about his insecurities and anxiety. Her breath felt like a breath of Heaven against him, her grip welcome and soothing to his discomfort.
"Bobby, you have such a beautiful dick," Paige admitted mid-coitus, slowly running her hands over Bobby's erect penis, molding his foreskin over his head and back again. "It's my favorite part of your body," she said, before slipping it into her mouth.
Paige started to fellate Bobby while Ken fucked her. She had never felt like a bigger whore in her life, attempting to sloppily deep-throat her boyfriend's cock while Ken continued to fuck her and grope her chest. Her breasts bounced happily around with each thrust, driving Paige crazy as her manager and boyfriend's cocks continued to push in and out of her. Bobby had never been so forceful when inside her mouth as he was being then, essentially fucking his girlfriend's throat and causing her to continuously gag on his cock while Ken continued to fuck her. Paige looked up into Bobby's eyes as he continued to push the cock she loved so much further and further into the back of her throat, causing saliva and pre-cum to spill all over her already messy face. She winked at Bobby, which made him smile.
"Paige, you're so fucking tight..." Ken moaned.
"I'm surprised I can fit you. Ah... your dick is so bi--" she was cut off as Bobby rocketed his cock into the back of her throat, causing her to gag instantly.
"Sweetie, it's not polite to talk with your mouth full," Bobby said playfully.
Paige winked at Bobby and continued to let herself be taken.
Bobby looked down and saw Ken's penis furiously pumping in and out of his girlfriend's pussy, never before thinking that he would have so casually dismissed such a sight.
"Why don't we get you on all fours?" Ken suggested.
Paige felt a strange sense of frustration and relief when both men exited her. She stood up, feeling the mess between her legs, and fell to all fours, bracing herself.
Ken pushed into Paige from behind while she took her boyfriend's cock into her mouth. Paige groaned on Bobby's cock when Ken penetrated her from behind, stretching out the nubile rockstar's tight pussy even further. It was a mixture of both pain and pleasure for the maroon-haired vocalist who quickly found both men moving to one rhythm. When Ken thrust into her, so too did Bobby, causing a surge of pleasure to rush through her body from opposite directions. Bobby reached down and fondled Paige's breasts while Ken reached around and played with her clitoris, causing a fire to burn over it that felt like pure ecstasy.
"Oh God! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me harder!" Paige managed to scream when Bobby's cock wasn't muffling her words and causing her to gag and choke.
Even Bobby was starting to moan now.
"Okay, sweetie... I'm going to come soon. I'd love to come on your face," Ken said.
"My face?" Paige asked.
"Have you never let Bobby come on your face?"
"No..."
"Never?" Ken asked incredulously.
"Never."
"Do you know what it's called when a guy comes on a girl's face?" he asked.
"No..." Paige admitted.
"A facial..." Bobby informed her.
Paige didn't care why Bobby knew, but she imagined it had something to do with porn. She knew he watched it, based on some of the positions he tried to bend her in the first time they were together. The idea of Bobby shooting his sperm on her face actually turned her on a great deal. But was Ken going to cum on her face too? She couldn't imagine partaking in anything more sexually deviant than having her boyfriend and manager fuck each end of her, and now they wanted to ejaculate on her face.
"Well, I tell you what, why don't you let Bobby come on your face... and if you don't like it, I'll come somewhere else. Where do you normally like his cum?" Ken asked.
"Uh, on my chest or in my mouth," Paige answered.
"Do you swallow?"
"Yes. I love the taste of cum," she admitted.
"Bobby, your girlfriend is about to be famous. Her face is going to be all over magazines and television. Don't you think it would be hot knowing that all of those pictures were taken after you came all over her pretty little face?" Ken asked.
So that was it, Paige thought. They wanted to mark her as their territory by covering her face in their seed. It seemed so barbaric, and yet so arousing to Paige at the same time. It would be hot to feel Bobby's semen on her face. She loved feeling it on her stomach or chest, especially when they fooled around in the morning so Paige could leave it on her body to dry. It made her feel so dirty, going to hang out with her friends later in the day, them never knowing that her breasts were lathered in dried semen inside of her bra. Sometimes, Paige would come home later and undress in front of the mirror before showering to inspect the damage. It usually flaked and dried against her chest by the end of the day, but it made Paige so horny knowing it was a present left all over her from her boyfriend, that it was an orgasm he spilt on her. She wondered what her face would look like not only right after, but later on if she had decided to leave it on her face. What might her friends think if they saw her now?
"Bobby... have you thought about coming on my face?" Paige asked her boyfriend.
"Yeah."
"Then spray it on me, Bobby," she demanded, staring right at the tip of his cock.
Bobby began stroking himself feverishly, one hand stroking his shaft while the other cupped his balls. Paige felt Ken continue to slowly push in and out of her while Bobby began to moan and groan, sweat spilling down his temples. His face was flush, his breathing erratic and labored. Bobby was about to erupt like a volcano all over Paige, covering her in a thick helping of cum. And it was all she wanted so long as Ken kept fucking her like he owned her. It made her feel like a whore, but with all of the ecstasy surging through her pussy, it wasn't an unwelcome feeling.
"Oh, Paige..." Ken said, grabbing her hips.
"Keep going. I want to come when Bobby comes on my face!" Paige begged.
Ken sighed and began to slow down, which made it even worse for Paige, remembering just how tight and sensitive her privates were to this sort of treatment. But as she stared into Bobby's penis, aching for release on her face, Paige felt a familiar tingling sensation building up inside her and creeping up her clitoris.
"Oh, shit! I'm coming! Don't stop! Fuck!" Paige kept screaming.
"Paige..." was all Bobby could say to warn Paige that he was about to ejaculate on her.
And then Bobby screamed out.
Paige saw a thick rivulet of semen rocket out of his penis and fly right at her face. She felt it land up the length of her nose and forehead. Bobby's semen felt warm against her skin, and odd all at the same time. She'd had Bobby's seed spill out the corners of her mouth when he came inside of it, but never felt what it was to receive a cumshot to the face before. But judging by the look in his eyes, Bobby was enjoying himself. Paige saw another burst of her boyfriend's seed rocket out of his urethra and splatter up into the corner of her eye, landing against the side of her nose and down over her upper lip. His cum shot out in thick ropes that resembled long streaks of icing or vanilla glaze. She felt like a canvas that he was attempting to paint using his semen the way he meticulously tilted her head this way and that, trying to cover every corner of her face. Another thick burst of her boyfriend's sperm landed on her cheeks, another helping splattering across her upper lip and pooling right beneath her nose. The smell of semen filled her nostrils. And just as her boyfriend painted Paige like a whore for the first time... her own orgasm exploded deep inside of her. She felt Ken pull out of her and rush over to Paige. She looked up at him, her face dripping in her boyfriend's seed...
"How do I look?"
Ken was astonished to see his little nubile rockstar client wearing her first facial.
"You look like a little glazed donut, sweetie..." Ken breathed, grabbing his aching penis dripping in Paige's nectar. The smell of her own excitement and the feeling of being seen with her boyfriend's cum on her face (and the feeling of it dripping down it), caused Paige's orgasms to explode deep within her again like an aftershock.
"You don't mind if I add my cum to that masterpiece?" he asked.
She shook her head. "Come on my face."
Ken shot a thick helping of his white hot cum up across the entire length of her face, which landed across her forehead, the bridge of her nose, and her cheek. Paige couldn't believe how much cum was on her face already, but having Ken add to the damage and dump even more semen onto her made her feel like an even bigger slut.
She felt another thick burst splatter over her brow and eye, more warm liquid splattering her temples and cascading down into her boyfriend's seed already sliding down her face. Was this what guys liked doing to girls? Coming on their faces? The act itself seemed so degrading to Paige, but it made her more wet than when she swallowed mouthfuls of it at a time when Bobby let loose during fellatio. Still, it caused her orgasm to continuously torment her vagina with ecstasy.
Ken shot another thick strand up onto Paige's nose, which landed and caught right over the tip of it, causing the entire strand to dangle awkwardly off it like a pendulum. When Ken's orgasm subsided, it hung loosely in front of her lips.
"Wow... I can't believe this," Ken moaned.
When Paige's orgasm finally subsided, she suddenly felt ashamed of herself, kneeling like that, her pussy juices dripping down her inner thighs, her face covered in two separate men's cum, one of whom was not her boyfriend.
"You look very beautiful with cum on your face, Paige, sweetie," Ken told her.
"Really?"
"Yeah," Bobby added.
"Just never thought I'd be wearing it on my face... especially yours!" Paige said to Ken, every movement she made causing the sperm dangling from her nose to stretch and swing casually.
"I never thought I'd get the chance to," Ken said.
"Have you been waiting to do that to me for a while?" Paige asked, curiously.
"I've thought about it before."
"I'm glad you got to see. I kind of like knowing you know what my face looks like with cum all over it," Paige said sincerely.
"Yeah?" Ken asked.
"Every time I see you I'm going to think about you looking just like this," Ken said.
"I don't mind."
"You don't mind if I take some pictures do you?"
"No."
Ken tore through his pants pockets on the floor and pulled out his phone. He turned to Paige on all fours and held out his hand to help her up.
"Look right at the camera, Paige..." Ken ordered.
Paige looked up, and in an instant, her cum-face was captured over and over by Ken. "Do you want to see what you look like with all of that cum on your face?" Ken asked.
Paige nodded.
Both Bobby and Ken led her over to the private bathroom. Paige stepped in and looked at her face through one eye. She couldn't believe the reflection in the mirror. It couldn't have belonged to her. Paige had her kinks, but what she saw was beyond that. She was staring at herself, buck-naked, her face covered in a cascading coat of opaque semen delivered to her directly by the two naked men inching up behind her. She reached up and touched her fingers to the layer of icing coating her face and pulled a small helping away, bringing it to her mouth to swallow. The sight of the whore she had let herself become only made the mess between Paige's legs flow further down her inner thighs. The mess her boyfriend and manager made on her face was a sight unlike anything she'd seen before. She wondered what her fans might think if they could see her now, and how many of her fans would kill for an opportunity to spill their seed on her face like she had just let Bobby and Ken do.
"What do you think?" Bobby asked.
"It's amazing... all of the cum..." Paige said nervously.
Paige turned back to Ken. "Will you send Bobby and me those pictures?" she asked.
"Of course."
"Okay, well... I think I just earned our place on the roster at Warped Tour?"
"Yes, a deal is a deal."
"Good. I'm going to shower in the meantime... you boys are welcome to join."
Bobby and Ken followed Paige into Ken's shower. Bobby stepped in front of Paige, Ken behind. Ken gave her a little poke while Bobby turned on the shower and aimed it right at Paige's face. The water made Paige feel clean again, as all of the cum and juices from their threesome washed off her face and body. Paige felt Ken massage a handful of cool shampoo into her scalp as Bobby bent down and lathered up her pussy, meticulously massaging and washing every part of her womanhood. When After Ken helped Paige rinse her hair, she fell to her knees and lathered up both of her lovers' penises. She felt them stiffen and pulsate in her hands while she cleansed the filthy boys. When she was finished, she planted a kiss on each of their tips.
"There. All clean," Paige said devilishly.
TO BE CONTINUED...
NEXT: Diary of a Rockstar: Love at the Warped Tour