Rachel wanted to go out of town and "do some wild stuff for my website." She'd said she wanted to go away so she didn't have to worry about somebody she knew seeing her. I wasn't massively enthusiastic about it, but she begged me to come and keep her safe. Fine.
She drove over and picked me up. I climbed in to the passenger seat, and took a look at her. She was wearing a short skirt, and a button up sweater type of thing. Her tits were sticking out, so I knew she was wearing a push up bra under the sweater, and she had her black wig on. She was driving barefoot, but had her stripper heels sitting in front of her seat.
We were soon heading out of town, and I was playing with the GoPro mounts and power adapter so I could put it on the dash.
"Let's get breakfast," she said, and pulled over to a McDonalds drive through. There were a couple of other cars there - one in front, and two behind us.
We ordered at the sign thing, then waited for the car in front to pick up their stuff and head out. She told me to start recording, so I pushed the button on the GoPro. Rachel unbuttoned all but one button on her sweater, so you could see her red lacy bra and the tops of her tits. We pulled up to the window.
The young guy's eyes bulged out of his face when he saw her.
"Can we get it for free if I show you my tits?" she said.
"Um, I still have to pay for it, or my till won't be right," the guy said.
"How about if she lets you feel her up?" I asked him, doing my best to stay out of shot.
Rachel turned and looked at me, shocked.
"Uh, sure," the guy said, looking down at her.
She turned back towards the guy.
"He can't reach you," I said, and she moved more towards the side of the car.
"You'll need to lean out the window," I told her.
She was kneeling on her seat, and pulled her top half out of the window, supporting herself on the car door so the guy could grab her tits. The guys in the car behind us went crazy when they saw a girl emerge from her car window.
When she got close enough to him, he undid the last button on her sweater, and unhooked the front of her bra.
The guys in the car behind us started shouting and leaning on the horn.
"Take it off," I said.
She reached back and took her sweater and bra off her shoulders, and I pulled them back off her arms. I tossed them in the back seat.
The McDonalds guy felt her tits for a minute or so until our breakfast arrived, when she pulled herself back into the car. She had the beginnings of red finger marks on her tits and her nipples were red from being pulled. And, I noticed, stiff. He held the food out to her halfheartedly, and she leaned out again to grab it and hand it to me. She was blushing furiously as she put the car in gear again and we headed back out.
"Can I have my top?" she asked as we left the drive through lane and headed towards the freeway.
"Let's eat first," I said, and we drove along while I ate breakfast.
A few minutes later, the guys who'd been behind us at the drive through caught up with us, and drove alongside us waving and shouting. Rachel was blushing bright red, and didn't want to look at them. She had her hands at 10 and 2 on the steering wheel, so you couldn't see anything, so after a short while pacing us they accelerated away.
"Can you drive for a bit?" she asked me. "So I can eat my breakfast without getting it all over me."
"Sure," I said, "pull off at the next rest stop and we'll switch."
There was a rest stop a few miles up, and she pulled off and stopped in the main parking lot, but away from the other cars.
"Get out," she said.
"Huh?"
"Get out and walk around."
"You get out," I said, "you're the one who wanted to switch after all."
"Can't you?" she whined.
"Tell you what," I said, "take your skirt off, and put your heels on."
"Fine," she mumbled, and unbuttoned, then took her skirt off. She reached down and slipped her feet into her heels.
"And now get out and walk around. Slowly, like this is perfectly normal."
She shivered a little, then opened the door. I pointed the GoPro at her. In just her stripper heels and red thong, she walked around the back of the car, and I kept the little action cam pointed at her. Nobody even glanced our way.
She opened my door and said "go on, move over," so I slid over to the driver's seat and adjusted it to fit me. She slid in next to me and closed her door. I pointed the GoPro back at her just in case she did anything crazy.
"That wasn't so bad, was it?" I asked her.
"I was scared and humiliated," she said.
"And...?"
"Turned on, OK?"
She took her heels off and sat and ate her breakfast as I started the car and headed back towards the freeway.
I wasn't sure where we were headed, but as soon as she'd finished eating, she told me to pull off at the next rest stop, and started rubbing my dick through my jeans. Once I was good and hard, she leant over me and unbuttoned them, and fished my dick out before going down on me. She was lying across the seat, and I put my free hand over her back and stroked her butt as she bobbed her head up and down, licking the head slowly.
A few minutes later, I put the turn signal on and started slowing for the rest stop, and she sat up and tucked my dick away.
"We'll finish up later," she said.
I pulled up over by some large long distance trucks as she put her bra and heels back on. She stuck her tongue out at me, then got out and walked around to the front of the car. I followed her with the GoPro. As she got in front, an older, fat guy climbed out of a truck and did a double take when he saw her. To her credit, she didn't even try and cover up. He shouted something to her that I couldn't make out, and then she was walking towards him, swaying her hips sexily.
She stopped a few feet in front of him, and there was obviously a conversation going on. I saw him grab his crotch, and she waved her hands at him. I saw him pull his pants down to his thighs, and then his underwear. He was waving his dick around, and Rachel squatted down in front of him, but still several feet away. They were still talking, and he started to stroke his dick.
Her hands went to her tits, pushing them up and together for the trucker. He was nodding and jacking away madly. I saw her unclasp her bra, and the cups fell away to her sides. She pinched the nipples and pulled them away from her chest, and then the guy slumped forward a little, and slowed down on his dick.
She stood up and walked back over to the driver's side of the car, redoing the clasp on her bra. She tapped on the door, and I scooted over so she could get in.
"Well that was fun," she said as she reached into the back for her clothes.
"What happened?"
"Well, he called over all cocky, asking if I'd lost something, and I said no. Then he said he had something for me, so I went over and asked him to show me. That's when he got his dick out. I said that was nice, but what does it do, and he started jacking off. He asked me to put on a show for him, and that's when I started playing with my tits."
"I thought he'd cum over you," I said.
"Me too," she said, "but when he came it just sort of oozed out over his hand."
She'd put her skirt and sweater back on, and taken off her shoes. She adjusted her seat then started the car and we headed back to the freeway.
A short while later, we were pulling off into a little town. It looked like she knew where she was going, as we headed into the lower rent areas, and ended up pulling up and parking in a little lot in a strip mall that had seen better days.