12 Years Later
Mark
I spotted her from the stands at the swim meet, wearing shorts and a polo shirt with the Alto Swim Club logo, her long, dirty-blonde hair tied up in a ponytail. She had a stopwatch around her neck and held a clipboard to her chest.
My heart pounded as I watched her talking and laughing with the other coaches. According to the heat sheet, her team had two swimmers in the finals for the 13-14-year-old boys 50 freestyle, and they were seeded in the lanes on either side of my son, Alex. As the swimmers were announced, I kept my eyes glued to her, waiting to see if she'd have a reaction to hearing his name called.
Sure enough, Sam's attention piqued. She looked from her clipboard to the blocks, tilting her head as she searched Alex's face for signs of familiarity. His goggles would've made recognition difficult, though.
Then she turned to the stands, and her eyes scanned the crowd scrupulously until they finally met mine.
I smiled, raising my hand in a wave.
Her eyes went wide, her mouth gaping with surprise. And a huge smile broke across her face.
Then a whistle blew, drawing Sam's attention back to the pool.
I turned back too, watching Alex take his mark.
It was a quick finish. Alex came in fourth overall, and one of Sam's swimmers broke the top three.
I moved down the stands to congratulate my son on cutting half a second from his best time. Then I made my way over to where Sam's team congregated.
She was talking to a swimmer, so I stood back and waited patiently for her attention.
She called on more swimmers to go warm up, and then noticed me in the stands, just above her spot on the deck.
"Hi!" she laughed. "I can't believe you're here!"
Her eyes scanned over me, and I imagined she must be taking in all the subtle differences, noticing how I'd aged over the past twelve years. My hair had started to gray at the roots, though it was hardly noticeable with my natural blond color. And I'd surely developed some more wrinkles since the last time she saw me.
Of course, Sam had changed, too. She'd grown from a 22-year-old college girl with big boobs into a beautiful woman in her thirties... with big boobs.
"Yeah, small world," I said, laughing to myself.
But there was no surprise on my end. I'd found her LinkedIn profile a while back, with a recent picture and her location. I knew she was living in California, teaching and coaching. Then, when I'd seen on Alex's meet roster that her team was scheduled to be at this invitational event, I made sure I was the one to make the trip while my wife Heather stayed home with our daughter. And I'd been hanging around the pool since the meet started, just hoping to run into her.
"I can't believe that's Alex. And he's still swimming!"
"Yep, he never stopped."
"It shows! He's really good. And you have a good team."
"Yeah. So is yours. National Champs just a few years ago, right?"
"Yeah, 2019," she said, smiling. "Before my time."
I shrugged. "Well, I'm sure it'll only be a matter of time till they get another, then."
She laughed and shrugged, rolling her eyes a little, modestly.
Then a whistle blew for the next event, and Sam looked away, like she'd suddenly remembered we weren't alone.
"I better-"
"Yeah," I agreed. "I'll let you get back to it. But maybe we can meet up for a drink or something later."
"I'd like that," she agreed. "Where are you staying?"
"At the Marriott. What about you?"
"Same," she said. And in her smile, I saw a hint of the same sexy, mischievous girl I'd snuck around with all those years ago.
"Meet you at the bar later? Maybe around 10, after Alex goes to bed."
"Yeah, okay," she agreed.
Then we shared another smile until her attention was finally pulled back to her team.
Sam
I couldn't stop smiling all evening as I anticipated meeting up with Mark. I was flustered and distracted throughout dinner with my team, and the other coaches noticed and teased me for it.
"I guess the humidity is affecting more than just your hair, Sammie!" teased Erica, the other female coach on our team.
The others laughed along.
"There's a bar around the corner that's supposed to have live music," said Zac, one of the male coaches, as our meal wrapped up. "Who's in?"
A few of the others chimed in, eager to continue the night out.
Normally, I would've gone along, but my mind was elsewhere, and I just wanted to go back up to my room to take a shower before getting ready to meet Mark.
"I think I'm gonna call it a night," I said, feigning regret.
"Aw, c'mon, Sam! I need my drinking buddy!" Zac teased, winking.
I bit my lip to hide a smirk, knowing what he had in mind.
Zac and I were normally the last ones standing on nights out with the team, and we'd ended up back in his room or mine on more than one occasion. I always had fun with him, but the overwhelming excitement and desire I'd felt when I saw Mark at the meet earlier still hadn't dissipated, and that was all I could think about.
"Sorry, buddy!" I teased back, playfully punching his arm. "Maybe tomorrow night."
"Your loss!" he said, smirking as he downed the rest of his drink.
So as we all exited the restaurant, I wished the others a fun night and headed the opposite direction, back to the hotel.
"Hang on Sam, I'll walk you back," Zac offered. Then, to the others, he called, "Save me a seat!"
So we left together to a chorus of lewd jokes and whistling sounds.
"I don't think they're expecting me to make it back out tonight," Zac joked once we were alone.
I laughed. "Well, they've learned from experience."
"True," he chuckled. "I have to admit, I was hoping history might repeat itself this weekend."
I smirked and blushed, but shook my head resolutely. "I can't tonight."
Zac waited, giving me a chance to elaborate. But when it became clear I wasn't going to, he finally waved his white flag. "That's fine."
We made somewhat awkward small talk as we walked the last couple of blocks.
"Thanks for walking me," I said as we reached the hotel lobby. "Have a fun night. And don't do anything I wouldn't do."
"Not sure I want to know what that would be," he joked.
I laughed too and flipped him off playfully.
He just laughed and waved as I headed to the elevators.
Once I was alone, I sighed and smiled, finally allowing myself to embrace the thoughts about Mark. My clit and nipples tingled in anticipation, and my heart fluttered in my chest, making me feel out of breath.
I took out my phone to check the time, wondering how long I had to get ready. Then I noticed I had a few texts from my husband, Nick.
Nick: Hey babe, how's the meet going?
Sam: Hey :)
Sam: Today went well, we got a few top three finishes
Nick: Congrats :)
Nick: Sounds like some great coaching
Sam: lol
Sam: That must be it
I entered my hotel room and stripped off my clothes right away. Rather than going straight to the shower, I went to the window and opened the curtains. My room had a pool view, and there were several people making use of it, enjoying the warm Florida evening.
There wasn't anyone looking up my way, but exposing myself caused the tingles between my legs to grow stronger.
Then I got another text.
Nick: What are you up to tonight? Hanging out with Zac? ;)
I smiled and typed out a response.
Sam: Just got back from team dinner
Sam: He asked, but I came up alone, about to take a shower
Nick: Oh ok
Nick: Making it an early night, then?
Sam: Maybe not
Sam: I actually ran into Mark at the meet today
Sam: His son is on one of the other teams
Nick: Mark, the guy from Chicago your senior year?
Sam: Yeah
Nick: Wow, small world
Sam: Yeah, I know
Nick: How are you feeling about that?
Sam: I'm not sure
Sam: Excited
Sam: Nervous
Sam: Tingly
Sam: lol
Nick: Haha, that sounds like a fun combo :)
Nick: So you're going to see him tonight?
Even by text, I could infer Nick's casual tone. While running into Mark was a surprise, going out and having fun on trips away from home was not unusual for me. So I felt no qualms about responding honestly.
Sam: Yeah, we're meeting at the bar in a bit :P
Nick: Sounds fun
Nick: I can't wait to hear about what happens :)
Sam: I can't wait to tell you about it :)
Sam: I love you :-*
Nick: Love you, too :-*
Then I finally got in the shower. I set the water temperature as hot as I could stand and took my time soaping myself up, propping one foot up on the edge of the tub as I reached down to clean between my legs. I moaned as I rubbed the cloth over my smooth, shaved pussy.
So many memories flooded my imagination. I could remember the way Mark's hands and mouth felt on me like it was just yesterday. The way he could make me writhe and moan with just a few whispered words in my ear. I missed the way he teased me and how much he wanted me. I missed being his slut.
The friction against my clit felt too good to stop. I let go of the washcloth in favor of continuing with just fingers. Turning to lean back against the cold tiles of the shower wall, I spread my legs a little further and continued touching myself. I pressed in with two fingers and clenched immediately, moaning and grinding on my hand. My nipples tingled, so I rubbed and pinched them lightly.
I imagined Mark coming into the bathroom and catching me touching myself. I could picture the smirk on his face as he'd watch and encourage me.
"Finger that slutty pussy, Sam," he'd say. "Rub your clit faster."
I'd smile back at him, moaning and rubbing as the hot water cascaded down my body. Watching as he'd pull his hard cock out of his pants and stroke it just for me. My mouth watered at the thought. I licked my lips, thinking about how much I wanted him in my mouth. How much I loved the way he'd hold my head, fucking my face. It always turned me on when any guy would do that, but no one else made me feel quite the same way.
"Always such a good slut for me," he'd say, groaning.
I remembered the way he'd always insist on me cumming first. Sometimes he wouldn't even let me touch him or take him in my mouth until after I came at least once.
"Cum for me, Sam!"
I could still hear him ordering me in his sexy, commanding tone. And once again it brought me over the edge, moaning, writhing, and clenching on my fingers just like so many times back then, and over the years since, whenever I thought about him.
I smiled to myself, moaning as my chest heaved with labored breath. I couldn't wait to tell Mark that I'd made myself cum in the shower before meeting him, as I thought about everything I missed from our time together twelve years ago and anticipated all that awaited me that night.
***
Luckily, I'd packed a sexy bra with matching panties. Both were bright pink and silky with a lace trim. Over that, I wore a blue summer dress that was fairly short with a cinched waist, a deep v-cut neckline on top, and short, flutter sleeves. I put on a little makeup; mascara and some lip gloss. And I left my hair down in frizzy waves, which were unavoidable for me in the Florida humidity. Then I slipped on my brown leather sandals and I was ready to go.
It was only 9:30, but I headed down to the bar early, just in case Mark could get away earlier, too.
The hotel bar wasn't very busy. There were just a few others seated at the counter. One couple was still wearing t-shirts from the swim meet, so I guessed they were probably parents enjoying a nightcap sans kids. Or maybe they'd each snuck away from their respective families for a secret rendez-vous, too. That was a fun thought.
I ordered a margarita, wanting to rekindle the slight buzz I'd started at dinner. I took a big sip right away, and the burning sensation from the tequila eased my nerves. Well, not nerves exactly. It was more of an anxious anticipation.
My mind buzzed with questions I wanted to ask. I was so curious about how Mark's life was going that part of me wanted to just sit at the bar all night and listen to anything he might want to tell me. But another equally forceful part of me wanted to skip the talking altogether, just to feel Mark's hands and lips on me, his hard cock pressing into me.
My mind kept going, and I had to squeeze my thighs together to ease the throbbing between my legs.
"Hey there, pretty girl."
I spun around when I heard him and felt my face lighting up. "Hi!"
He sat up on the bar stool next to me, wearing navy blue shorts and a greenish henley style t-shirt with a button-up collar, the top couple of buttons left undone.
I felt mesmerized, my eyes scanning over him like I'd done at the meet earlier, as if trying to settle this new, older Mark with the one in my memory. Or maybe I was just trying to convince myself that he was real, and really sitting there with me.
"You're really here," I said, letting my thoughts slip out a bit.
He smirked and laughed a little. "Am I a few drinks behind?"
"No," I said back, rolling my eyes and blushing. "I just mean, I'm really glad you came."
"Me, too."
We just stared at each other for a moment until the bartender interrupted, and Mark ordered a beer.
After taking a sip, he turned back to me. "Okay, I have to admit something."
"What's that?" I asked, feeling like I couldn't stop smiling even if I tried.
"I knew you'd be here. At the meet, I mean."
I tilted my head to the side with amused confusion. "You did?"
He nodded and took another sip of beer. "I may have come across your LinkedIn page recently. And by that, I might actually mean I searched for you deliberately. And some other searches may have followed."
I started cracking up, loud enough to turn the heads of others in the bar.
"I guess you have me at a disadvantage, then. What do you already know?"
"I know you're living in California now, obviously. Teaching and coaching."
I nodded, taking another sip of margarita.
"Married?" he asked, watching my every move and waiting intently for my answer.
"Yes, married. For four years now."
"He stayed home?"
I nodded again. "For work. And to watch our daughter, Lucy."
Mark's smile seemed to grow even bigger upon hearing that I was a mom. Maybe just matching mine. "Congrats, that's great. I'm really happy for you."
"Yeah, everything's going really well," I said, genuinely. And yet being there with Mark, feeling the electricity between us again, was filling a void inside me I hadn't known was there.
"What about you? What's new in the last twelve years?" I asked, sort of laughing at the absurdity of the question.
Mark took another drink from his beer, shrugging. "Lots of things. Nothing. Things are good overall. We live in the suburbs now. I started a new job at a different company outside of the city. The kids are in middle school. But yeah, I guess other than that, things are mostly the same."
I couldn't tell from his expression whether there was more he was holding back. Was 'mostly the same' a good thing? I wondered about how things were going with his wife, Heather. And, of course, I wondered whether he'd had other affairs over the years, since me. But I resisted the urge to ask, not sure I really wanted to know the answer.
"Want to know what else hasn't changed?" he asked, before I could formulate a follow-up question.
"What?" I asked, smiling.
"I can't stop thinking about what kind of underwear you're wearing under that dress," Mark said, switching gears suddenly. Apparently, he wasn't interested in elaborating on his life.
I smirked back. "Care to guess?"
Mark made a humming, pondering noise as he shifted on his bar stool, leaning towards me slightly and brushing his fingertips over the exposed skin just above my knee.
I gasped and felt a flush creeping up my neck. Without thinking, I turned further toward him on the stool, instinctively leaning into his touch.
He responded by sliding his hand up further until he was playing with the bottom hem of my dress.
"Maybe I'll skip the guesswork and investigate instead."
My body had a Pavlovian response to Mark's words and touch. My chest heaved, my pussy throbbed, and my legs uncrossed and opened slightly, allowing him easy access.
He smirked, taking in all of my reactions, and slid his hand up between my thighs until his fingertips brushed over the already damp, silky fabric of my panties.
"I've missed feeling how wet this pussy gets for me," he whispered, leaning in close to my ear. "Still such a good slut."
His warm breath on my neck caused me to shiver, and my nipples hardened conspicuously through my bra and the thin fabric of my dress.
"Mark..." I moaned.
My neediness only seemed to spur him on. He pressed in harder, rubbing through my underwear.
I gripped his forearm tightly, but couldn't quite bring myself to push back.
"I want you, Sam," he whispered into my ear. "I need to feel you."
I nodded, but firmly pushed on his arm until he retracted his hand. "My room."
We smiled together as we each took a final, big gulp from our drinks, and Mark left payment for his beer.
I smoothed down my dress as I led the way out of the bar, reminding myself not to run.
Mark was right behind me, his hand on my waist, fingers digging into my hip.
As soon as the elevator doors closed behind us, we crashed together, and it was like no time had passed. I moaned into him, combing my fingers into his hair and tugging. I wound my leg around his waist as he backed me up against the side of the elevator. He groaned and squeezed two handfuls of my ass, grinding his hard cock against me through our clothes.
"Fuck, Sam!" Mark grunted, breaking the kiss and leaving us both panting as I slid a hand between our bodies to rub him through his shorts.
The elevator dinged moments later, and we reluctantly pulled away as the doors slid open on my floor, then rushed out and down the carpeted hallway.
Once inside the room, we shed our clothes on the way to the bed and then fell down together, kissing again as we scooted towards the center. I was still struggling to push my underwear down the rest of the way, and Mark helped to peel them off over my feet.
"Cute," he commented, briefly checking out my pink silky panties before discarding them on the floor.
I smiled and moaned as I lay back, kissing him and wrapping myself around him. Then I reached for his cock, stroking and guiding him to enter me right away. I felt desperate to feel him inside me, filling me.
But Mark resisted. I'd only gotten a few strokes in when he pulled my hand away and brought both of my wrists up over my head, pinning them down as he held himself up over me.
I whimpered and moaned, arching and writhing beneath him.
He kissed me deeply and reached for my pussy, brushing his fingertips along my slit. "I love how responding you are."
His words felt like such an understatement as he casually teased me and caused my body to hum and vibrate with need.
"Please, Mark!" I begged, pressing my hips up to feel more of his fingers.
I expected him to just smirk and continue teasing me. But he must've been nearly as desperate as I was, because he gave me exactly what I wanted: more. He slipped two fingers into me with a groan, stroking along the upper front wall of my pussy before pulling back out to rub his moistened fingers over my clit.
"Cum for me, Sam," he said, sensing how close I already was. "Show me how much you want it. Show me you're still my slut!"
I yelled out and arched up into him, my hips grinding, writhing on his fingers that remembered exactly how I needed to be touched.
"Tell me!" he growled, rubbing faster.
"Oh, fuck!" I yelped, more in reaction to the intense pleasure than avoidance of telling him what he wanted to hear.
"Say it!"
"I'm your slut! I'm still your slut! Oh fuck! I'm cumming!"
I barely got the words out before getting lost in a string of moans and gasps, convulsing beneath him and coming apart completely.
Mark kept rubbing me through my spasms and then pushed into me with a groan while my pussy continued clenching.
I yelled out again, squeezing my legs around him and pushing my hips up to meet his thrust.
"Fuck! Your pussy feels so fucking good!" Mark growled. "Even better than I remember."
I reached down and squeezed his ass, pulling him in as deep as possible.
"Oh god, your cock feels so good, too!"
He leaned down and kissed me again, dropping to his elbows over me as he continued grinding and thrusting.
I combed my fingers into his hair, tugging again as I kissed him back and moaned into his mouth.
Mark ran his hands under my back to my shoulders. He let his full body weight rest on top of me and pulled down on my shoulders to get as deep as possible with each thrust.
I gasped and groaned, feeling him rubbing and grinding against just the right spot inside me as he rotated his hips.
"Fuck, I'm gonna cum," he grumbled into me. "You feel too good."
"Yess," I breathed, gasping and squeezing around him. "I want to feel you filling me!"
Then, after just a few more grunts and hard, deep thrusts, I felt the hot, pulsing streams of his cum shooting into me.
We moaned and continued kissing and grinding together after. Mark slid his hands up my arms and pinned me down to the mattress once again, our fingers entwined.
I sighed into him, clenching and releasing on his cock, milking out every drop of his cum.
Mark shivered and moaned, pressing and grinding his hips into me. He released his grip on my hands and tugged lightly on my hair, kissing me again and sucking on my bottom lip as I scraped my nails up and down his back.
When we finally pulled back, all I could do was laugh. It was crazy how good I felt. How good he felt. It confirmed something I realized I'd known all along: no one else had ever made me feel the way Mark could. He wanted to hear that I was still his slut, and nothing could be more true. I had the feeling I always would be.
He rolled off of me and lay on his back beside me, both of us still smiling and panting a bit.
"Yeah, I'm really glad I stalked you," he said, turning his head to look at me.
We both laughed, releasing some of the energy still bubbling up between us.
When we finally calmed down a bit, Mark rolled to his side to face me, propped up on his elbow, a hand supporting his head.
"I hope that was okay," he said, seriously.
I looked up at him incredulously, a broad smile still plastered across my flushed face. "How could you tell?"
He chuckled a little, reaching to trail his fingers over my stomach and hip. "I mean... you have a family now, too. I can't help feeling like I'm corrupting you."
"That feeling didn't hold you back much," I smirked.
"I know," Mark said, gazing down at me.
His eyes trailed down to my chest, where his fingers were tracing the light, barely visible lines of my areola. I felt another tingle between my legs and a tightening in my stomach as he teased my nipples, keeping them hard.
"It's okay," I answered. "I hope it was obvious I wanted this at least as much as you did."
"Maybe," he conceded, smirking. "But I don't want to fuck things up for you."
I took a moment to consider how I should tell him about Nick. I wanted to let him off the hook from stressing about what this might mean for my marriage. But all of the feelings and thoughts that had come up just moments ago only seemed to complicate things further.
"What's your husband like?" he asked, as I'd apparently taken too long to respond.
"You didn't already stalk him, too, then?" I teased.
Mark chuckled. "No, I didn't."
"His name's Nick. He's a couple of years older than me. He's really smart. He works for a company that develops new technology in the medical field, at Stanford," I answered, knowing full well that Mark hadn't been after those sorts of details.
"Impressive," he said, with a sort of awkward look. "And how would he feel about you being here with me?"
I couldn't help smiling, feeling the heat rise in my cheeks again as I answered. "Well... when I told him I ran into you, he said to have fun, and that he can't wait to hear about it."
Then it was Mark's turn to look surprised. "He knows about me?"
I nodded. "I've told him a lot about you. About us."
"And he's okay with all this?" he asked, sounding somewhat incredulous.
"Things with Nick are sort of similar to how they were with us," I answered, simply.
"What do you mean?"
"After you, I dated a few different people and tried having 'normal' relationships for a while," I said, using air quotes around the word normal. "But it didn't feel like enough. I thought maybe I was just missing you, which I'm sure was part of it. But I also missed the excitement of how things were between us."
Mark's eyes scanned my face as he took in everything I was saying. "So what, you have an open relationship?"
I nodded. "Basically. Sometimes we do things together, but he also likes it when I just fuck other guys. He says he's okay with it even if he doesn't know about it at first, as long as I come home to tell him about it after."
"Wow. Well, that's neat," Mark said.
I laughed a little, but felt some new tension coming from him. I opted to give him some more time to process, rather than pushing or asking what he was thinking, like I so desperately wanted to.
"So, is this just a typical weekend away for you, then? Or maybe you already had big plans to hook up with a bunch of guys and I'm getting in the way of all that?"
I looked at him incredulously. "Getting in the way?!" I scoffed.
Before I could say anything else, Mark rolled away from me, onto his back. I followed, sitting up and watching him, hoping he wouldn't move away any further.
"Nothing about being with you feels typical for me," I said, wanting to reassure him. "In fact, despite everything I just told you about my marriage, I can't help thinking that Nick probably wouldn't be okay with this if he knew what I was thinking a few minutes ago."
That seemed to do the trick. Mark looked back at me and sighed, sitting up with me. "I'm sorry. I'm glad to hear you're happy in your relationship, and that you can still have fun like this. It sounds pretty ideal. I guess, if anything, maybe I'm a little jealous."
"Jealous like you're missing out?" I asked.
"Yeah, I guess."
"But I'm sure you've found some more fun for yourself over the past twelve years?" I asked, smirking, hoping the question sounded casual.
"Yeah, of course I have," he admitted easily. "But that's not what I meant. I'm jealous that he has that with you. It feels like he's taken my place."
My chest heaved as I attempted to take in everything Mark had just revealed. It was overwhelming to hear him confirm what I'd already suspected, that he'd had other affairs after me, and then that he felt jealous of my husband. Suddenly, it was like the past twelve years had dissolved away, and we were right back where we'd left off.
"You said back then that you understood why I had to end things," I started, suddenly getting emotional. My thoughts just spilled out, and I no longer felt capable of thinking them through. "You have to know it wasn't what I actually wanted-"
"I know. I didn't mean-" Mark said, trying to interrupt.
But I kept going, unable to stop the words from coming. "Maybe you don't know how hard it was for me. There were so many times I wanted to call or text you. I tried to talk myself into being ok with taking whatever I could get from you, just to be able to be with you again. I felt so much for you, but I just couldn't-"
"I know! I didn't mean it like that," Mark interjected again, more forcefully. He sighed, running a hand through his hair. "I know I'm a selfish bastard, Sam, but I can't help it when it comes to you. You said you felt like you were still missing me when you had other relationships after us. Well, I've still been missing you, too. I never stopped missing you."
My heart hammered in my chest, but Mark's admission effectively put a stop to the word vomit. It felt like everything I'd ever wanted to hear from him. Everything I'd fantasized about, each of the countless times I'd wondered what it might be like if we ever had a moment like this, to reconnect.
"I guess that explains the LinkedIn stalking?" I said eventually, smiling, trying to ease the tension a little.
"Yeah, I guess so," Mark laughed. "I still feel guilty about how I handled things back then. I knew I was unavailable and no good for you. I should've been the one to end it, but I just couldn't. And I probably would've ended up hurting you a lot more if you hadn't ended things when you did. So, I'm glad you did that for yourself."
There was another pause as we both let that sink in. Once again, I wasn't sure what to say.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to ruin the mood," Mark said, breaking the silence.
"It's okay," I said, softly. "I guess there was a lot that needed to be said."
"Yeah, maybe," he agreed. Then he glanced at the clock on the bedside table. "I should probably get back to my room to get some sleep. And let you get some sleep. Alex has to be at the meet by 7, and I'm sure coaches need to arrive even earlier."
"Yeah, 6:30," I nodded, knowing he was right, and yet hating to leave things feeling so tense.
He got up, gathered his clothes and started redressing. I stayed in bed, sort of watching him, sort of just staring off, getting lost in thought.
"I'd like to see you again tomorrow, if you have time," Mark said, looking at me before pulling his shirt back on. "If you want to, I mean."
"I do want to," I assured him.
"Okay," he nodded, managing a slight smile as he double-checked his pockets for his phone and wallet. "Sleep well, Sam."
"You, too," I said, smiling back.
But I couldn't just leave things that way. So I sort of panicked and spoke up again as Mark turned to leave. "My number's still the same."
He turned back to look at me again.
"I'm sure you probably deleted it. I made myself delete yours, eventually. Or maybe Molly did."
Mark smiled. "Yeah, I did, too. After a few close calls."
I smiled back and laughed a little.
"Tell me again?" he asked, taking out his phone.
I recited my number for him, and he entered it back into his contacts. Or at least I hoped he did, and that he wasn't just playing along.
My worries proved unnecessary, as my phone chimed a moment later.
Mark: Hi :)
I laughed and texted back.
Sam: Hi :P
I thought that would be it, but then he started typing again, smiling at his phone.
Mark: Tonight was fun
Mark: The last ten minutes notwithstanding
Sam: Yes it was :)
The next messages kept him busy typing for a while.
Mark: I'm always going to be the selfish bastard when it comes to you, Sam
Mark: But I'm not going to keep apologizing, or leave you alone
Mark: Even though I probably should
I stared at my phone, waiting anxiously between each message. My heart started thumping in my chest yet again.
Mark looked up, maybe waiting for me to type something back, maybe just letting the tension build.
Mark: And in case it's not clear
Mark: This weekend
Another pause. He smirked at me as I glanced back and forth between him and my phone screen, and I couldn't help smiling back.
Finally, another chime.
Mark: You're mine
Fuck. My pussy throbbed again as soon as I saw those words and felt their impact. The flush creeped back into my cheeks as my smile grew involuntarily.
Finally, I typed out a response, feeling giddy.
Sam: Your slut
Mark: Yes, my slut
With that, we both clicked off our phones, smiling.
"Goodnight, my slut," Mark said.
"Goodnight," I said, biting my lip to keep my excitement in check.
As soon as I heard the hotel room door click shut behind Mark, I fell back onto my pillow and allowed the smile to take over. I went to bed tingling, already eager to see him at the meet the next day, and for whatever else might happen.
***
It was rough getting up to my alarm after having been up so late with Mark. But it was well worth it. Even though I was busy with my team all morning, my mind kept drifting back to everything that had happened the night before, and everything we'd talked about. As a result, I was distracted with a persistent tingling sensation between my legs, remembering how good it felt to be with Mark again after so long.
I also looked at my phone and read back through his texts every chance I got. My pussy throbbed as I remembered how intense the feeling was, receiving those messages while Mark stood just across the room, watching me read them.
So, even though I knew I needed to be focused on the swim meet, I kept glancing back into the stands, waiting for Mark to arrive.
"Expecting someone?" Zac asked, apparently picking up on my distraction.
"No," I shrugged, attempting to act casual, though I could feel the blush heating my cheeks.
He and the other coaches seemed pretty tired too, and various degrees of hungover. They regaled me with stories from their night out, letting me know what all I'd missed out on.
"So, what did you get up to last night?" Zac asked privately, once the others had moved on.
"I just stayed at the hotel," I answered, truthfully.
"Alone?" he asked.
I gave him a look. "That's none of your business."
He searched my face and smirked, thinking he'd found the answer he'd been searching for. "Okay then."
I rolled my eyes and changed the subject.
***
Around mid-morning, there was a break between events. I checked my phone and found a message from Mark.
Mark: I have something hot and creamy for you
I smiled and bit my lip.
Sam: Oh yeah? :P
Then he sent me a picture of himself holding two coffees.
I laughed and responded.
Sam: lol
Sam: Meet you in the atrium :)
Then Zac came up to me again as I was heading out to meet Mark.
"Feel like getting a snack?" he asked.
I smiled, but shook my head. "I'm meeting someone for coffee."
"The mystery guy from last night?" he asked, smirking. "Is that who you've been checking for in the stands all morning?"
I sighed. "Back off, Zac."
But he kept following me out.
"Is it a parent? You know that's frowned upon, right? Especially the married parents."
I turned back to face him, torn between telling him off and just ignoring him. But in the end, I thought maybe answering his question would be the quickest way to get rid of him.
"Not a parent from our club. It's someone I used to know back in Chicago."
As I'd hoped, Zac didn't have a quick response to that.
Then I spotted Mark approaching with the coffees and excused myself before he could come up with something.
"I'll be back for the next event."
I walked away without waiting for him to say anything else and met Mark halfway across the lobby.
"Hi," I greeted, smiling as I approached him.
"Hey there," Mark replied, handing me one of the cups. "I gambled on lattes still being your drink."
"Good memory," I said, taking the lid off and blowing on it before taking a sip. "Though if I'm honest, I was actually hoping for something else hot and creamy."
"Oh, yeah?" Mark asked, smirking.
"Mmm hmm," I teased, licking latte foam from my lips. "I've been thinking about that all morning, actually."
A quick glance down confirmed that Mark's cock was getting hard in his shorts, his bulge becoming increasingly noticeable.
"Do you need to get back right away?" he asked, glancing around us, maybe feeling self-conscious that we'd be discovered by someone he knew.
"No," I smiled, shaking my head slowly. Then I remembered the coaching office that the facility manager had shown us when we arrived the day before, in case we needed to use it for any business purposes or meetings. "And I think I know of a place we can go. It's private, and I believe the door locks."
"Works for me," Mark agreed easily, taking one more sip of coffee and then dumping his still-mostly full cup in a nearby trash can. "Lead the way."
I laughed and replaced the lid on my cup before leading him across the atrium and down an adjacent hall.
When we reached the coaching office, Mark looked both ways down the hallway to ensure we weren't seen while I opened the office door. Luckily, it was vacant. I locked us inside and pulled down the blinds to cover the window next to the door.
I turned around, smiling at him again, and he was already there, pulling me into his arms and kissing me deeply.
I moaned and reached down to rub his hard cock through his shorts. After all the fantasizing that morning, I was eager to get down to business, so I set to work unbuckling his belt right away.
"I need your cock in my mouth," I breathed, pulling back from the kiss and smiling up at him as I slid down to my knees.
Mark groaned and smiled down at me. "Yeah? You want me to let you suck my hard cock?"
"Yes, please," I answered, biting my lip as I unzipped his shorts and tugged them down with his underwear.
I reached out to stroke him and licked my lips, tempted to lean in and taste him right away. But the way he'd asked if I wanted him to 'let me' do it gave me pause.
"Do you want my cum?" Mark asked, watching my reactions.
"Yess," I moaned, squeezing my hand around him a little tighter. "I need it."
"Tell me."
"I want you to let me suck your cock and make you cum down my throat," I responded eagerly.
Mark groaned, and his cock twitched in my hand. "First, rub that slutty pussy for me."
I groaned, feeling disappointed as I let go of Mark's cock and spread my thighs apart. Reaching into my shorts, I rubbed my clit fast right away, easing the tension that had been building up all morning.
"Good slut," Mark praised, grabbing his cock and stroking himself slowly as he watched. "You're such a naughty married slut for me, aren't you?"
"Yes," I smiled and moaned, pressing two fingers in between my wet lips as I watched him jerking off for me.
"Take off your clothes," Mark ordered next.
Then he reached down to help me, tugging my shirt and bra over my head while I pushed down my shorts and underwear. Once I was naked, I got back into position on my knees, and Mark leaned down to cup and squeeze my breasts, rubbing his thumbs in circles around my hard nipples.
I moaned and clenched on my fingers, leaning back further onto my heels.
Then he stood back up, resuming his slow stroking as he watched me touch myself.
"How bad do you want to suck my cock after all this time?" he asked.
"I want it so much," I breathed. Then I smiled coyly, remembering my shower from the night before. "So much that I made myself cum in the shower last night thinking about it, before I met you at the bar."
"Really?" he asked. And I could tell I'd surprised him, somewhat interrupting his dominating persona.
I just nodded, still smiling.
"Tell me what you thought about. And how you made yourself cum."
I licked my lips again, adding to the effect, hoping to drive him as crazy as he was making me.
"I thought about swirling my tongue around the tip of your cock, tasting your pre-cum. Then wrapping my lips around you and sucking hard on your head. Then I would want to feel you thrusting deeper into my mouth until your cock hits against the back of my throat."
"You want me to grab your head?" Mark asked, his voice getting raspier, giving away his need. "Make you take it all."
"Yess, I want it all!" I moaned.
"Just stare at it," he commanded, stepping closer as he continued stroking himself in front of me. "Don't touch yet."
My chest heaved as I watched Mark's hand gliding on his hard cock, then looked up to meet his eyes.
"Tell me how you touched yourself last night."
"I leaned back against the shower wall and propped one of my feet up on the edge of the tub. Then I just played with my pussy, rubbing my clit and fingering myself as the hot water flowed down my body. I was so turned on from thinking about you all night that I started rubbing fast right away and came pretty quickly."
Mark groaned, stroking faster. "Show me. Keep rubbing that slutty pussy. Get your fingers wet."
I looked up at him and moaned, rubbing and fingering faster just like I'd described, my wetness audible.
"Now lick your fingers. Taste yourself."
I smirked and complied easily, bringing my hand to my mouth and swirling my tongue around and between my middle and pointer fingers. I sucked and moaned eagerly, trying to put on a good show and convince him to let me do the same to his cock.
Mark moaned as he watched and stopped stroking to squeeze his fingers around the base of his cock.
Then he took another step closer until he was within licking distance. Still, I just smiled and looked up at him as I resumed rubbing my clit, waiting for permission to do anything else.
"Lick the tip," Mark commanded.
I sighed with relief and leaned in, flicking and swirling my tongue around his tip, moaning as my pussy throbbed in response.
He leaned forward, pressing in a little further, teasing my mouth.
I took advantage and wrapped my lips around him, sucking hard.
But when I tried to take him deeper, he pulled back.
"Not until you cum," he said, smirking down at me.
I sighed, and my head rolled back as I rubbed myself faster.
Mark groaned and combed his fingers into my hair, tugging to hold my head firmly in place. Then he pushed his cock through my lips again and again, thrusting in and out with just the head.
I shivered and writhed on the ground, sucking as hard as I could and rubbing his head with my tongue, pressing in on his slit every time it passed through my lips.
"Fuck!" he cursed, and I could feel how much he wanted to thrust deeper. "Cum for me, Sam. Be my slut and cum!"
I groaned and rubbed faster, and it was only a matter of moments before I felt the waves of pleasure rolling over me. I moaned and writhed, clenching and rocking on my hand as I rubbed myself through the orgasm.
"Good girl," Mark groaned, smiling and watching.
Before I'd fully recovered, he pushed my head back onto his cock.
I moaned and whimpered, sucking as eagerly as I could as my body continued writhing.
"God, you're such an eager cocksucker. I love how much you want it."
I moaned around him in agreement, sucking on his head and sliding my wet lips down his shaft to take him deeper.
"I've probably jerked off hundreds of times over the past twelve years just remembering you sucking me like this," Mark went on, tugging my hair a little more firmly.
His words caused my pussy to throb again. I cupped his balls, caressing and squeezing as I bobbed my head on his cock faster and sucked harder, rubbing the underside with my tongue.
Mark growled, finally taking over and gripping my head in both hands. He alternated between thrusting into my mouth and guiding my head to bob on his cock. Then, every so often, he held my head down and pushed deeper down my throat, making me gag and moan until saliva dripped down my chest.
"You want my cum, don't you?" he asked.
I moaned on his cock affirmatively, without pulling back.
"Keep sucking. Suck me like the needy slut you are."
I squeezed my thighs together to ease the throbbing and dug my nails into Mark's hip, pulling him deeper.
"That's a good girl," Mark groaned, pushing my head down and gagging me with his cock again. "Are you ready for my cum, Sam?"
I moaned again, but Mark wanted more. He pulled my head back roughly and I gasped for breath.
"Stroke my cock in your face and tell me how much you want it," he ordered.
"Fuck!" I moaned, stroking his cock, which was wet with my saliva and his pre-cum. "I want it so much. I want to taste it and feel it filling my mouth. Shooting down my throat."
"I can feel it's gonna be a big load for you," he said, groaning and thrusting into my hand.
"Yess! I want it all. I want to swallow all of it and lick up what I miss. I'm going to make sure I get it all."
"I'm close," Mark groaned, shifting his stance as his legs started shaking a little.
I moaned and dove in to continue sucking him. Then I reached down and pushed three fingers into my pussy, thrusting fast.
"Oh fuck," Mark groaned, pushing down on my head and suddenly thrusting deeper and harder, grunting as his cock pulsed between my lips.
I felt his hot cum shooting to the back of my throat, coating my tongue. I held as much as I could in my mouth, and then swallowed it all, as promised.
"Fuck yes, Sam, take it all," he growled, reaching down to squeeze from the base of his cock to the tip, pushing the last of his cum out.
I moaned and licked the last drops from his tip, looking up at him with tear-streaked eyes.
"Fuck, that's good," Mark panted, finally releasing his grip on my hair and pulling back.
"As good as you remember?" I joked, smiling and wiping my eyes.
"Maybe better," Mark smiled, pulling his shorts back up and leaning back against a desk. "You've had a few more years of practice."
I laughed as I got to my feet, looking around for something to clean myself up. Thankfully, there was a box of tissues on the desk, and I took some to wipe the saliva from my face and chest.
"Kinda reminds me of the good times we had in your lifeguard office back in the day," Mark said, picking up my clothes for me.
"Pretty similar," I agreed.
"Telling Heather I was going to work out, and then meeting you after your lifeguarding shifts to fuck you and take you home."
"Those were the days," I laughed, sharing in the nostalgia as I redressed.
"Yes, they were," he agreed. "Hey, whatever happened with Chris, by the way? I always wondered. Did you keep fucking him after we stopped?"
I smiled and shrugged, blushing a little and putting all of my focus into turning my polo shirt right side out, avoiding looking at him as I answered. "Here and there. Until I moved to California."
"What about since then? Have you done any cyber stalking of your own?" he teased.
"Actually..." I said, blushing more. "I ran into him at an alumni event a couple of years ago for our ten-year reunion. It's funny, things have sort of come full-circle."
"What do you mean?" Mark asked.
I finished dressing and slipped my sandals back on, taking down my tousled ponytail and running my fingers through my hair. "Well, he's sort of taken your place as the cheating dad."
"Oh, yeah?"
"He cheated with me that weekend, at least," I admitted.
Mark smirked. "How was it? Have any other things changed over the years?"
I rolled my eyes, but told him what he apparently wanted to know. "Maybe a little less stamina than back then. But he's mostly still got it."
"Lucky bastard," Mark grumbled, making us both laugh.
"He asked about you, too," I said.
Mark laughed. "That's sweet. Tell him I said hi if you hear anything from him again."
We kept talking and laughing together as we exited the coaching office cautiously and made our way back to the pool.
"Probably no need to bother with the bar tonight, right?" Mark asked, smirking.
"No, I suppose not," I answered, blushing and smiling.
"Your room again, after bedtime."
"Okay," I agreed easily.
"See you tonight, my slut," he said as we reached the pool entrance, holding the door for me.
***
Somehow, Saturday night with Mark was even better. He made me cum again and again with his fingers and mouth and cock. I couldn't get over how different and how much better it felt compared to my other, more recent experiences. And I realized I didn't want to go back.
I couldn't imagine going home to California and just letting go of everything I'd rediscovered that weekend with Mark. Though we hadn't talked about it explicitly, I felt like he must be on the same page.
Of course, there was the small matter of the 2,000 miles between us. Regular hookups wouldn't be possible like they were when I was in college, but maybe we could restart our old sexting and phone sex games in between occasional visits, whenever either of us could come up with a reason to travel.
I had a hard time sleeping that night as I thought through what I'd tell Nick. I'd always been completely honest with him about anything that happened with other guys, but I wasn't sure how much I could or should admit about what I was feeling for Mark. And I was afraid of telling Nick the truth, only to find that he wasn't okay with it. Or more accurately, I was afraid of the choice I'd have to make if that was the case.
There was some comfort in knowing that Mark and I would never take things further. As he'd said at the bar Friday night, not much had changed for him. One of the many meanings I took from that statement was that he still had no plans to leave his family. Neither did I. That allowed me to convince myself that our situation was "safe," and maybe there wasn't a need to be completely honest about it. Admitting the true extent of my feelings to my husband could just end up causing more harm than good.
However, the significance of keeping it all secret wasn't lost on me. Maybe that's what Mark had meant when he said he felt like he was "corrupting" me.
***
Sunday morning, Mark and I texted to coordinate meeting up for breakfast at the hotel, before we'd both need to check out and catch flights home. Alex was with him, and they sat with some other families from their team, so of course we couldn't eat together. But we made eye contact as I entered the restaurant and shared a smile before I found my fellow coaches and joined them at their table.
"So what's the deal with Chicago guy, anyway? Is he an ex?" Zac asked, having followed me up to the breakfast buffet when I went for a refill of coffee. He'd clearly caught me looking Mark's way again.
"Something like that," I said. I was being intentionally vague, not wanting Zac to feel like he had a right to any further information.
"You haven't seen him since you moved away?"
I shook my head. "Not since college."
I expected more teasing to follow, but Zac didn't respond right away. Curious, I turned to look at him, waiting for it.
He noticed me looking and smirked, then finally let it out. "Okay, so my pride is a little wounded that you chose to spend your weekend with him instead of me. But I think I get it. Sorry if I was a dick."
I smirked and laughed a little, happy to hear him apologizing and clearing the air between us. "I think I'm going to need that in writing. The part about you being a dick, anyway."
He laughed with me. "No way. And if you ever tell anyone, I'll deny it."
"Yeah, yeah," I sighed, leading the way back to our table. "One day maybe you'll realize that you can get a lot further by just owning it."
Zac seemed to consider what I'd said. He had a pensive look on his face as I smiled back.
***
I hung around for a while after breakfast, looking at my phone and sipping my coffee. And, of course, it was all a not-so-subtle cover for waiting around to see if Mark might find a moment to sneak away.
He surprised me by coming up to join me at my table a little while later.
"Hi," I greeted, smiling up at him as he pulled out the chair across from mine and sat down with me.
"Good morning, slut," he said, smirking.
I laughed a little, blushing and looking around to see if anyone might've been close enough to hear that.
"Alex went with some of his teammates to swim in the hotel pool for a bit before we have to get ready to go."
"They didn't get enough chlorine this weekend?" I teased.
"Apparently not," he laughed. "Did you sleep well?"
I tilted my head back and forth in a so-so gesture and shrugged. "Could've been better, I guess."
"Damn, I thought I left you pretty wiped out."
I smirked. "You did, trust me. I guess I was just... thinking about things."
"What kinds of things?" Mark asked.
Apparently, he was going to make me say it.
"'What happens next?' types of things," I answered.
"Yeah, I've been having some of those thoughts, too. What are you thinking?"
I felt reassured by the confirmation that he was thinking beyond the weekend, too, and it gave me the courage to speak up and be honest about what I wanted.
"I want us to keep talking. And I want to see you again, when we can."
"I want that, too," Mark agreed, smiling. "My company actually has some clients not too far from you, in San Francisco."
"Really?" I asked, feeling a thrill of possibility.
"Yeah. I was thinking, maybe I can arrange a business trip and come out to see you soon."
"I'd like that a lot," I admitted, my smile growing.
"Maybe I can meet your husband," he added, smirking.
I laughed, blushing a little as my mixed feelings came back up. "Maybe."
"And maybe we can find some creative ways to have fun in the meantime."
"Such as?"
"I had a thought about picking your underwear. And making you cum on the phone. Maybe telling you where and how to make yourself cum for me."
"I like those ideas," I smiled.
"Would you tell Nick?" Mark asked.
I looked at him, considering. It was like he'd somehow read my thoughts or sensed my inner conflict. "I'm not sure. I have to think about it."
He smirked, clearly reading more into my words.
I just smiled back, deciding to let him.
We talked for a little while longer before I had to get ready to leave for my flight.
I thought about Mark the entire trip home, noticing every so often that my cheeks hurt because I was still smiling. Even though I had no idea when we'd see each other again, the giddy feeling of possibility lingered.
There was a part of me that wondered if maybe the feeling I had was just about recapturing my youth and reminiscing about my college days.
But it felt deeper than that. It was the same thrill Mark had always given me. Like a flame had rekindled inside me, as I became his slut again.