Cathy's Summer, Pt. 1
Author's note: I find, when writing a story, the characters wander off the main category and get into all kinds of other mischief.Although Exhibitionism is a constant thread, Cathy has quite a number of new experiences.Just so you know...
The summer after my freshman year of college things got a little wild. This was surprising because it looked like it was going to be a long, sensible, boring summer. I was living at home with my parents. They were happy to have me there. I think they were bouncing back from the empty nest experience while I was away at school. I had done well at school and they were proud of me but I could tell they liked having their baby around.
My mom and dad both worked. School was expensive but in truth, I think they both liked working. They each had jobs that were challenging but rewarding and retirement was a ways off yet. I worked too. I had had a job in a nearby card store while I was in high school and they took me back for the summer. But it was only part time in the afternoons.
I hung out with friends evenings and weekends but weekdays, everybody was busy. I was happy to help out around the house. After my folks went off to work, I'd clean up the kitchen, do a load of laundry and things like that. By mid-morning things were pretty quiet. I didn't have a car so I couldn't go anywhere. Aside from that I was free to do what I wanted till it was time for work at 1:00.
Although we weren't near the beach, as a Southern Californian, I had always been a sun worshipper. I didn't want to burn my skin to a crisp but I always liked a good tan and I felt my skin pigment was sturdy enough to keep me from getting overdone. We had the typical backyard pool and so I did what people do: put on my bikini and laid out on the lounge chair.
I should mention that I am 5'-6"and reasonably attractive. I'm not fat by any means but my ribs aren't showing either. My hair is brown with lighter streaks and fairly short- just above my shoulders. My boobs aren't huge but they're a nice shape, if I do say so myself. My bras are B-cup and without a bra, they have a nice jiggle when I walk. I have no need of a plastic surgeon. My legs are a little chunky but that comes from hiking and stuff like that. I can wear shoes with heels and they show rather well.
I dated a few boys at college but none are from around here. No old flames from high school either. I occasionally go out with my girlfriends as a group to the beach or to parties and such. There are boys there and, well, you never know.
So meanwhile, I'm working on my tan. And this is where things get a little funny! Like a lot of girls, I have a particularly small bikini just for private sunning. Nobody is going to see it and it maximizes the sun exposure. Mine is white. As everyone knows, when lying face down, you undo the strap on the bra to keep from getting tan lines. Naturally I did this. But when it was time to turn over, I looked around and thought "who's to see me?" Our house was empty. I knew the neighbors were at work. The only windows that could see over the backyard wall or through the trees had closed blinds or curtains in them. So I flipped over and set the bra aside on the lounge feeling slightly nervous. I looked around again and there was no one. It was quiet except for birds and I relaxed and closed my eyes. Then I realized that I'd better get some protection on my stark white boobies! The last thing I needed was a painful burn.
I got up to go get some sunblock and went to put my top on. Then I thought, "what for?" Nobody is here. So I strolled across the back yard topless and somehow, it felt good! I went over to the patio table and got some sunblock. I stood there and squirted some on my hands and then applied it to my bare tits. Well that felt kind of good too and I lost myself for a minute massaging my nipples. Then I looked around again making sure I was alone. I was. So I strolled around the back yard a little and fondled my breasts freely. Finally I laid back down and let the sun warm my boobs and maybe tan them up a little. By now, I felt pretty comfortable doing this. Topless! Imagine!
Well it went like that for a few days. I always kept my top nearby just in case. One day, the doorbell rang and I panicked a little trying to get my top back on while getting to the front door. As it turned out, no one was there. The UPS truck was driving away and a package for my mom was on the doorstep. Whew! Even with the top on, I wasn't dressed to receive company! I kept an oversize tee shirt handy from then on.
I was getting quite used to wandering around the house and yard topless. My tits were getting tan. My nipples were getting darker too. I was an Amazon! I was careful to always use sunblock. I made sure to massage it in thoroughly. It seems my nipples were erect most of the time! Laying out in the sun had always made me a little horny and most days I went in and masturbated. I'd either lie on my bed or do it in the shower. I would imagine some cute guy watching me sunbathing and getting aroused. That made me aroused! I was surprised at this new feeling. I had never thought I had any exhibitionist tendencies. Even if I did occasionally enjoy wearing a particularly short skirt or a low-cut top, I was always concerned about attracting the "wrong type". Still, I guess I did get a little thrill out of showing it.
After a week or so of going topless, I saw myself in the mirror after my shower and saw the contrast of my white bottom compared to the rest of my skin. It made me wonder. I thought about it all that afternoon at work and decided that the next day, I would "sun my buns".
I was very cautious and checked all the viewpoints. Nobody. My bikini bottom has side ties. I untied them, and held the ties together while I laid down on my front. Then I flipped the bottom down between my legs and voila! I was tanning my butt! I immediately thought again about sunblock but this time I had brought it over to the lounge with me. Rubbing it on while lying on my front was awkward. I found that if I rolled to one side and did one cheek and then rolled the other way to do the other it worked good.
I used this practice for a few days. I didn't want to just get up and walk around naked. Yet. But I did think about it. And then I thought about it some more and a little more. Finally, after sunning front back and sides, I thought what difference does it make? I got up and wandered around in the nude. It felt pretty good! A little scary but exciting too. I could feel it in my pussy but I didn't want to touch it. I was afraid I couldn't stop if I got started. I finally had to go inside and take a shower. Then I could touch it all I wanted. And I did!
While I enjoyed this private time, I couldn't talk about it with anyone. I would be at work and wonder what people would think if they knew what a nudist I was. I was afraid of what my girlfriends would say if they knew. So I just kept it to myself. Until one day...
By now I had a pretty good all-over tan. I had trimmed my pubic hair pretty short. Not shaved -- I tried that once and didn't like the stubble. But I had become so obsessed with an all-over tan that I was lying on my back with my thighs turned out, you know, with the bottoms of my feet together, sunning my pussy. I had some special oil for the delicate parts and I sure enjoyed applying it! It was delicious just lying there warm all over, casually and in no hurry, rubbing and massaging myself, here and there. The only thing I was wearing was sunglasses, although I had my eyes closed.
I knew that next door lived a boy a year or two younger than me. I think he was a senior in high school. I imagined him standing in the upstairs window watching me. It made me shiver a little with excitement. I panicked for an instant and opened my eyes to check the window -- what if he really was there watching? Nope, blinds closed . Then I thought, "well, so what if he was?" Would I stand up and run inside? It wouldn't matter much since he'd already had an eyeful. What if I just kept on and pretended that I hadn't noticed him? I bet we'd both enjoy that!
But then what? Would he tell someone? His parents? No. My parents? No. His buddies? Maybe but I thought he might like to keep a secret like this to himself. Well, such is the way fantasies unfold. By now I was pretty revved up. I got up and strolled inside and headed upstairs to finish off with a bang.
As much as I was enjoying all this "exposure", I really didn't want to create a scene. I tried to keep aware of what was going on in the neighborhood. I had a pretty good Idea that everyone was off working or whatever. The boy next door, Ronnie, had an old Mustang that he parked on the street or in the driveway. It was never around in the mornings at first. Then I noticed it was there sometimes. So when I was sunbathing, I kept an eye on that upstairs window. The blinds were always closed.
Then, one morning while I was lying on my back wearing only my sunglasses and earbuds, I glanced at that window and: "Wait! Are those blinds cracked open a little?" I said to myself. My heart started racing but I didn't panic. After all, I couldn't tell if anyone even knew I was here. I studied that window as carefully as I could looking sidelong from behind my sunglasses. There was faint backlight and I swear I could see a head and shoulders profiled behind the blinds! Well, what now? Just like in my fantasy, whoever it was had already had an eyeful. I got up casually and strolled into the house. I looked out the front windows and sure enough, Ronnie's Mustang was there at the curb next door. It must be him!
Although I was excited I wasn't sure I could go through with the rest of the fantasy and put on a real show. I thought, "what's the harm in just going back out and lying out like before?" If it gives Ronnie a thrill, I'm none the worse off for it. So I went.
I still didn't look directly at the window but resumed my place on my back on the lounge. Peeking from behind my glasses, I could see the blinds were still cracked a bit but I couldn't detect a person's profile. Just then, while I was looking, I definitely saw someone resume their position behind the blinds. By now, I was sure it was Ronnie. I began to think, "What do I know about him?" He was not a bad looking guy. Unruly brown hair, longish but not down on his shoulders. Fairly athletic build. I think he played volleyball. Girlfriend? I don't know. We knew each other to say "Hi" to but being in different grades we had different friends. Thinking about it now, I think Mom said he had graduated and was going to go to the community college here in town.
So what does a young college guy do while watching the chick next door lying naked in her backyard? I hoped he was getting aroused and maybe a little bulging in his pants! For all I knew, he wasn't wearing any pants and had a full blown erection. Thinking to contribute to his delinquency, I casually dragged my fingertips over my left nipple. It stood up immediately although I doubted Ronnie could tell. But it felt good to me. I did the same to my right one. Then I started massaging both breasts, one in each hand. I squeezed them and tugged at the nipples a little and it was feeling pretty good. I let one hand fall to my hip and then held still. I had a decision to make: do I get started down there? There would likely be no turning back. I glanced back up at the window. I think the blinds were open just a little bit more! And there was definitely a person behind them. Again I imagined Ronnie getting pretty agitated and that made me excited. Oh, what the hell, I thought...
I let my knees fall open a little and my hand edged toward my puss. Ever so casually, I let my fingers drift around my pussy lips, massaging and caressing. Probing a little more, I found I was quite wet! My heart rate was up and a little voice in the back of my head said, "What am I doing?!" But I just kept on, rubbing slowly and gradually finding the rhythm. I worked on my clit and felt the thrill go through me. Feeling another pair of eyes on me gave it even more of a thrill. Increasing the speed little by little, I reached a climax without too much thrashing and no crying out. Then I lay there, spent and amazed at the scene.
Gradually, as I returned to reality, I realized I had to get ready for work. I glanced again at the window next door. He was still there but I couldn't tell anything else. Pretending to ignore him, I got up, gathered my things and went inside to shower and get ready. While I was in the shower, thinking about my "show", a thought struck me: What about a camera? I didn't want to get a text from a girlfriend saying "Guess what I saw on the internet!" Phones being what they are today, there is no reason Ronnie couldn't have videoed the whole thing. This made me a little panicky. But as I thought it through, I was pretty sure this was the first time I had been watched. I felt like he would have been too surprised to think of photography -- this time anyway. I had to be more careful. I felt like I needed to get to know Ronnie a little bit, get a better sense of who he was. But how to go about that?
As it happened, he solved that problem for me. I left the house and had to pass Ronnie's place next door to get to work. As I was walking past the Mustang, I heard "Hey, Cathy!" and there he was coming down the front walk.
I could feel myself reddening and my heartrate jumped up not expecting this. I said, "Hello, Ronnie" and stopped on the sidewalk. As he came up to me I was looking at his face for some sign he was going to talk about our "secret". I couldn't detect anything.
He smiled and said, "It's just 'Ron' now."
"OK, Ron." I said. "What's happening?"
"Not much," he said, "how bout with you?"
"Just on my way to work. What are you up to this summer?"
"Well, I'm starting over at the CC and I just got done with a summer session. I'm kind of hanging loose till the fall semester starts. Are you still at State?"
"Yup. One year down. Just chillin' till I go back in the fall."
"Well, we oughtta hang out. I mean if you'd want to..."
"Sure. Why don't you come over tomorrow morning. I usually hang out by the pool in the mornings before work. Wear your swim suit if you want. It's pretty cold but we could jump in to cool off."
"Sounds good! What do you think, 9:30, 10:00?"
"OK, then. I gotta go. See you tomorrow, Ron"
" 'K, bye!"
As I walked off to work, my mind was racing. Where was this headed? He was a cute guy. Girlfriend? I'd have to find out. What did I want? Just to tease him with a little exhibitionism? A new boyfriend? Whoa! Wait a minute. You only signed up to hang out and talk. Don't get carried away.
But I would have to satisfy myself that he could be absolutely discreet about what he'd seen. He knew what he'd seen and I knew what I'd done but he didn't know that I knew he knew. Could that be any advantage? I couldn't see much of one. Well, I'll just have to play it by ear tomorrow.
A little before 10:00 the doorbell rang. I answered the door wearing a more conservative 2 piece swimsuit under my big tee shirt. Ron was wearing a sleeveless sweatshirt and board shorts. He smiled and presented me with 2 bottles containing wine coolers.
I smiled back and said, "A little early?"
"They're hardly more than sodas and very refreshing!" he said.
"Ok, come on back." I led the way out to the patio and pool deck. We set the bottles on a little table between two lounges and sat on them.
I took off my tee shirt, leaned back on the lounge back and said, "Welcome to my summer!"
He took off his sweatshirt, leaned back also and said, "Could be worse!"
We sat like this chatting and taking occasional sips of the wine. I found out he had had a girlfriend who went away to college and it seemed like the relationship just petered out. We talked about our courses at school, people we knew in common and this and that for a while.
Then he looked over at me and said, "I have to say, you have a world class tan! I have to think you have been working on it pretty seriously"
"Thanks" I said. "It has been a kind of obsession with me lately. You, on the other hand, are going to have surfer's tan: white from the knees up to your waist"
"Oh yeah? Wait here. Don't go away." He got up and went out through the front door.
A few minutes later he came back looking just the same although he had 2 more wine coolers with him.
"Check it out he said," and dropped his board shorts. Under it he was wearing remarkably small red Speedo trunks. I was impressed. Not just any guy can get away with Speedos. He was trim and toned and looked pretty good!
"Where did you get those?" I asked
"I used to play water polo. This is what we wore!"
"I should have been going to more water polo matches", I said, "if that's what the guys were wearing!"
Then I said, "Wait here, don't go anywhere."
I took my tee-shirt and went inside. I was wearing the tee shirt when I came back outside. I stood in front of Ron and stripped it off revealing my tiny white sunning bikini. I could see he liked the look.
He grinned and said, "Now we're talking!"
I posed briefly and then sat back down. I said, "You'd better get some sunscreen on those thighs or you'll be sorry later. You need to transition from a surfer's tan to a French Riviera tan with those trunks."
"I didn't think to bring any."
I got up and brought over a tube of lotion. "This is what I recommend." I said.
"Well judging by your tan, I guess you know what you're talking about."
I looked at him sharply to see if he meant anything more than what he said. He looked straight back at me but I couldn't read anything in his look.
Then he said, "I hear in the French Riviera, the girls sunbathe topless." He was still looking straight at me and I could feel myself flushing.
"I wouldn't know," I said, "But what's the big deal anyway?"
"Cathy," he said, "I'd love to see you sunbathing topless. If it's 'no big deal', then please feel free!"
"Ron," I said, "I think you already have seen me sunbathing topless!" This time it was his turn to flush. I went on, "There is a privacy issue I need to solve. I don't want a bunch of losers -- or worse - coming around hoping for a peek. And I SURE don't want to be plastered all over the internet."
"To be honest, I hadn't thought of that."
"So here are some conditions: One, no cameras. Where is your phone?"
"Here in my pocket."
"Give it to me." He fished it out and handed it to me. I got up and put it inside on the kitchen counter.
"OK, two, no peek and tell. It is our secret. Period"
"Agreed," he said seriously.
"And, three, I'll take my top off and you take your trunks off."
"Whoa! Is that fair?"
"Maybe not but that's my final offer."
Ron got a pensive look on his face. He squirmed a little and wrinkled his nose a little. Then he looked at me and said, "Deal!"
I stood up, looking at him the whole time and undid my tie in back and shrugged out of my top. I dropped it on the lounge and then kept my hands at my sides. I could see he liked what he saw and I liked his seeing. I was kind of proud of my nice tan boobies and my nipples stood up proudly. He was mesmerized, I could see, so to snap him out if it, I said, "Well..."
"Beautiful!" He said.
"Thanks", I said, "But I meant: Your turn!"
He stood up and slithered out of his trunks then stood in front of me as I had. I checked out his unit which was at half-mast already and said, "Nice!" It wasn't the biggest dick I had ever seen but at the moment it really looked 'nice'. He was a pretty good specimen of a male human and I was glad to have him here.
"Well, we better get to sunbathing," I said and laid back on the lounge. He laid down too but I could see he wasn't as comfortable being exposed as I had become.
"Don't forget that suntan lotion," I reminded him. He looked down and then at me and said, "I've never put any on there." Then he got a smirk on his face and said, "Maybe you could help, what with your tanning expertise and all."
I gave him a long look from under my sunglasses and then said, "Alright." I got up, took the lotion and told him to flip over face down. I started at the nape of his neck and massaged the cream into his skin. I enjoyed the feel of his muscles. He wasn't, like bulging or muscle bound or chiseled or anything but he was in good shape. While working on his shoulders, I supported myself with my hands on the frame of the lounge, bent down and lightly dragged my nipples around on his back. "Mmmm..." he said.
"Mmmm- hmmm," I replied. I continued applying lotion in no particular hurry and when I got down to his waistline, I said, "Nice butt!" I kept massaging away and enjoyed kneading his ass. I wasn't ready to go too far into the cleft so I continued onto the backs of his thighs. He was relaxing some by now and moved his knees apart a few inches. While lathering his thigh I accidentally on purpose flicked the back of his balls with my finger tip. He twitched a little and squealed a little but stayed in that same position. I worked my way down both his legs and then said, "Ok, now the top side."
He rolled over and had a pretty good erection by now. He made as if to cover himself with his hands. It occurred to him to look around and see if there was any way anyone could see us. Even the blinds in his old window were closed now. "No, it's just us." I said. "Put your hands behind your head," I told him. He did that and I went around to the end of the lounge at his head and bent over and started putting lotion on his chest. By doing this, my tits were hanging inches above his face. I pretended not to notice and swung them around a little while massaging his chest. They were at their longest and pointy-est in this position.
"Oh, baby!" he moaned. Then I bent a little lower and bumped my nipples on his face -- his forehead, his nose, his eyes and finally, his mouth. He took one in his mouth and very gently kissed and sucked. This was starting to get me going! At one point he opened his mouth pretty wide and sucked kind of hard while flicking my nipple with his tongue. Wow! Where did he learn tricks like that? I wondered. I closed my eyes and enjoyed his attentions for a minute. When I opened them again, I was looking at a real hard-on. I moved over to the side of the lounge and started massaging his lower belly and the tops of his thighs, working ever closer to his junk. He still had his hands behind his head, eyes closed and I could tell he was really heating up.
My hands got closer and closer to his things and finally I started touching them very lightly. First I felt his balls and massaged them a little. Then I lightly dragged my nails up his dick which was pointing up toward his belly button. Then I took a good grip on it and felt it throb a little bigger. By now I was getting pretty hot too and just wanted to suck some dick! I took it in my mouth and with a little hand, lips and tongue, it wasn't long before he was writhing! Sperm is not my favorite flavor but I just had to go the whole way here. He shot a hot load into my mouth and I swallowed as much and as fast as I could. Ron was bucking and shuddering under me and I had a feeling of power over him. At the same time I felt like a good Samaritan: this was one lucky neighbor!
Gradually we both came more to our right minds. He got up, took me in his arms, hugged me tight, kissed me and said, "Where have you been all my life?" I felt pretty elated at all this and looked up at him and said, "Right here next door!"
"Well," I said, "I gotta go to work this afternoon. I have to get cleaned up, dressed and have some lunch. The first step of that is a shower, if you'd like to help..."
Ron said, "I'll see what I can do!"
We went into the house and at the bottom of the stairs, I pulled my bikini bottom down just below my butt cheeks. I started up the stairs and said, "I thought you might like to see the rest of my tan." He followed me up the stairs with my ass more or less at eye level and said, "Excellent work!" I could feel his eyes on my butt somehow and again, it gave me a little tingle.
Upstairs, my room shares a good size bathroom with the guest bedroom. I took Ron by the hand and led him into the bathroom and said, "Turn on the shower". While he was getting the temperature right I kicked off my bikini bottoms and followed him into the shower. We got all wet and started with the shower gel to get all slippery. We massaged and tickled and slipped and probed around each other's bodies. He stood behind me and gently slid his hands around on my breasts, giving the nipples a slight pinch. While doing this, he nuzzled my ear and the crook of my neck just below. I was starting to get pretty excited by this when his left hand slid down my belly toward the point of no return. He lightly dragged his fingers around in my "brush cut" and touched the tops of my thighs. I had the fleeting thought that this guy is pretty talented! Then his fingers started slipping into a fold here and there. At this point I moaned a little and moved my knees a little apart. As he was massaging my mound with one hand, the other was slithering around on my behind. It wasn't long before he was probing crevasses there as well. At one point, his hands kind of met at the bottom and he gave me a little lift by the crotch. Whew!
He slid his hand along the back of my thigh and lifted it up. I rested my foot on the corner seat in the shower and stood on the other foot. Right away, he slid his hand up my standing leg and found my opening. It was slippery enough without shower gel and his thumb slid right in! I had to concentrate to keep my balance while all these sensations were coursing from my pussy. I moved my knee a little wider just as the fingers on his other hand found my clit. He rubbed it a little and I was twitching with excitement when he said, "We're clean enough. Let's get out."
"Oh, no you don't. We're not done here!" I said.
"Who said anything about being done? I just think we need something like a bed!"
"Well, as it happens, I know of one nearby," I said as I handed him a towel. I noticed that his prong was standing out some again. I rubbed it with the towel and it stood a little more.
Once in my bedroom, he surprised me again by picking me up like a bride across the threshold and laid me with a bounce on the bed! We sort of embraced and wrestled and writhed around on the bed for a while before he started kissing my belly and headed south toward the promised land. This guy was pretty talented and before long using his tongue and a finger or two had me squirming and squealing. I came with a shower of sparks in my core and shudders in my hips and legs!
I barely made it on time to work that day and I was pretty rattled at the way the morning turned out. Let's just say I was distracted by my thoughts. I made it through the afternoon and sort of retreated from my folks that evening. I needed to think. Though I had known Ron for many years, I hadn't really known him. We were from the same middle class background. I was pretty sure he wasn't a heavy doper or drinker. I'd always thought the Mustang was cool. He seemed like a pretty good choice although I didn't really choose him. I liked him and the sex was great. I felt like I could trust him more than someone who I just dated. Still, this casual sex right away was new to me. Would I like it to continue as "casual" or would I want us to get more involved? Dating the boy next door? Really?
And what about this exhibitionism? It definitely added something to the fun! Would I want to act out the scene again? Would I want to put on a show while Ron was watching from his window? I think I would! Would he like it? I'm pretty sure he would! Men always would like to get a peek!
But what about the damn cellphone camera and internet? We will definitely have to talk before going any further down that road. Thinking to put the matter somewhat to rest, I called Ron.
"Am I interrupting anything?"
"No, just watching reruns of 'Lost' on TV."
"So how are you doing?"
"Well, I think I'm still vibrating a little from this morning."
"Yeah, me too."
"But I'm glad you called."
"So, I wanted to see if you'd like to get some breakfast tomorrow morning. I think it would be good if we talked some."
"I'd like that. I could drive."
"OK, good. 9:30 out front?"
"I'm looking forward to it. Really."
"G'night."
Once that next step was laid in place, I went to bed and really slept well.
I slept well but I woke up with the sun. For some reason I was too excited to go back to sleep. It was like I was going to Disneyland or something rather than to breakfast with the neighbor. I had enjoyed the sex yesterday and wouldn't mind a little more fooling around with Ron. But that wasn't it. Or not all of it anyway. I felt it had something to do with showing off.
So I laid around in bed for a while thinking about different plans. Once my folks had gone off to work, I got up, got in the shower, washed my hair, shaved my legs and made myself as presentable as possible. I toweled off and was about to put body lotion on when I looked at myself in the mirror and focused on my pussy hair. Maybe a little shorter, I thought and clip, clip, clip, voila. Just short of bristly. I went to the body lotion and moisturized my whole self. It didn't take much to get my nipples to stand up and I rubbed them a little more than was strictly necessary to rub the cream in. But I forced myself to speed thru my pubic area. I didn't want to go there, at least not now. I got my hair in place, put on just a mere touch of make-up and that was it.
Walking around my bedroom nude, as is typical these days, I thought about what to wear. I was feeling slightly slutty and wanted to show it -- just a little. Again, I didn't want to draw unwanted attention but I wouldn't mind turning Ron's head a little! After a few tries, I settled on a pair of cutoff jeans short enough to reveal a little butt cheek in the back. I found a black shelf bra in the back of the drawer along with some black thong panties. Looking in the mirror, the bra gave a little lift and left my nips poking out. I wore it under a plain short sleeve cotton button blouse in a pale plaid. It was not so form-fitting as to make my nips stand out so I decided I didn't need a sweater. Looking in the mirror a last time, I thought Ron would be pleased. Good thing because it was just about 9:30.
Out the front window I saw Ron was cleaning the windshield on his car. I grabbed my shoulder bag and headed out. He saw me and watched as I crossed the lawn.
"Hi" he said, "you're looking fresh and well rested."
"I am!" I said, "and how 'bout you?"
"Yeah, me too. Hop in."
Once in the car, he leaned over a little toward me and said
"I especially like the cut of your shorts!" I grinned back at him and said,
"You are fresh aren't you!"
"How about Chet's?" he asked, referring to a local diner.
"Fine. I'm hungry and I could go for their hash browns."
The place wasn't crowded and we headed toward the back. There was a table with an upholstered bench along the wall and a chair opposite. Ron went to take the chair and I said,
"No, you sit there."
He looked puzzled and said, "Why?".
I said, "Just humor me." I took the chair and he slid in on the settee side.
While we looked at the menus, I seemingly absentmindedly, undid the top button of my blouse. After the waitress took our order, I repeated the operation on the next button down. This time, Ron saw but I felt he didn't know what to say. So he said nothing about it. We chatted about my work and his fall class schedule. After the waitress brought out food, I undid another button. This time, Ron made a slight face and looked around as if something was going on and he hadn't been informed of it. This last button was right about between my breasts.
"Am I missing something here?" he said.
"I hope not!" I answered and gave my shirt a little tug so he could clearly see the curve of my boob and the black band at the bottom of my bra between my breasts.
"Whoa, Cathy, you are a wild woman!" he said, glancing around to see if anyone else was noticing anything. There were no other diners nearby and nobody was paying us any attention.
I leaned forward a little and said confidentially, "Ron, you seem to bring it out in me."
"Well, I like it, I'll say that," he replied.
"Ya know what? I do too!" I said, and undid one more button. I said, "I'd appreciate a warning nod if anyone approaches."
"No problem," he said and glanced around again. "The waitress is coming."
I tugged my shirt back together and took up my glass of iced tea. I sipped as the waitress cleared the dishes. When she left the check and departed, I leaned back in my chair and toyed with the collar of my shirt pulling it open again. Ron was clearly enjoying this but he said
"So you want to be an exhibitionist, eh?"
"So it would seem," I answered and pulled the left side of my blouse open exposing my whole breast, nipple and all. I could feel the blood rushing to my face and my nipples were already hard. He darted his eyes around and then casually reached across the table and gave my nipple a pinch.
"You know," he said, "I've always dreamed I'd meet a woman with exhibitionist leanings. And now, maybe I have!"
"Maybe," I said, looking him in the eyes and pulling the right side of my blouse open, displaying the whole rack. My heart was racing and I think his was too.
Suddenly, he looked up and said quietly, "watch out." I closed up just in time for a mom with two kid to take the table next to us. I nonchalantly refastened the buttons of my blouse and resumed sipping my tea.
Ron said, "Look, I know you are nervous about the internet but I can show you some videos of some world class exhibitionism. If you are interested, I mean. There might be some ideas there that appeal to you. What do you think?"
"Well, I guess it couldn't hurt to check it out. How do you find them?"
"Let's go back to my house and I'll show you. Got time?"
I looked at my watch. "An hour, two max"
"OK, let's go!"
In the car, Ron said, "you need to know a couple things about the internet. The big thing is tracking users. Mostly this is so they can bombard you with advertising and junk mail. Well, you don't want to be bombarded with junk from porn sites. So they have a browser setting that makes it less likely. I say less likely because sometimes you have to click on something to go to a link and then it gets your info. A good rule of thumb is don't click if you can avoid it."
"OK," I said a little warily.
"I have my own internet connection so I'm not concerned about my parents finding out but still, I don't want a bunch of crap showing up."
He said, "Another thing, there are all kinds of sexual fantasies or fetishes people look for. Some I don't even want to think about. So, another reason to not click too freely."
"But because it takes all kinds, you can kind of home in on whatever tickles your fancy. Let's take my favorite, exhibitionist women. The other side of exhibitionist women is voyeurist men. Some voyeurs want to peep, you know, like peeping Toms. Looking thru a keyhole to watch a girl go potty. That's not my deal. Sometimes it is seeing a girls parts accidentally: her tits pop out when she goes to catch a bouquet at a wedding. Or she's bending over getting something out of the trunk of her car and the wind catches her skirt and blows it up and she's not wearing any panties. Now that's a good one there!"
I could see he really was interested in this sport and some of these scenarios were intriguing. "Go on..." I said.
"Another one is more like nudist camp: a girl is naked walking in the woods. Nobody is around except the camera. Of course that is important, the idea that the girl is showing herself off. A more sexy version is a girl enjoying her own body in front of a camera. It's usually in a private place and she plays with herself, masturbates, maybe uses a dildo. Sometimes she'll be in a more public place where the chance of getting caught adds to the excitement."
While he was talking and driving, I was casually undoing shirt buttons again. He noticed of course and when he looked over, I'd give him a little flash of my boobs. He grinned and I smiled back but neither of us commented.
"Well the ones I like the best", he continued, "are the ones where the girl is in public and is just showing her stuff. It's a miracle that everybody doesn't notice! The girl is risking it all and getting away with it!"
"You mean like this?" I said and pulled my shirt wide open and left it that way. I looked out the car windows to see if anyone could see me. Really, no one could unless they were in a high vehicle right next to Ron's car. But there was a truck just ahead pulling over to the curb. Ron slowed down and eased past the driver's door. I held still and just as we went by, I could see the driver -- looked to be a middle-aged Latino guy -- look down. I guess he got an eyeful because be beeped his horn and Ron said he could see him smiling in the rear-view mirror. I giggled and felt excited.
Ron said, "Perfect! That was great!"
A minute later we pulled up in front of Ron's house and he said,
"OK, let's go take a look!"
I was pretty well buttoned up by then and I said, "Let's do it!" and we went into the house.
As we headed upstairs to his room, I asked, "So where are your folks?"
"At work," he said.
"What if they come home for lunch or something?"
"No way," he replied, "My mom is in a car pool and never gets home till supper time. My dad has a 40 minute commute so coming home is not very convenient. It seems to me they would both rather work than do anything else anyway. They're not the type to play hooky."
By now we were in his room and I took a look around. Kind of messy but I'd seen worse. He had a nice big desk with a good-size computer monitor on it. He pulled up a chair for me and we sat down side by side as he fired up the computer. While it was coming on he looked at me and said,
"You know, looking at a lot of exhibitionist women and sitting next to one is likely to stir me up quite a bit! I may not be able to control myself!"
"Well," I answered, "I guess I'll just have to take my chances."
We grinned at each other and then we leaned in and kissed. He put his hand on my thigh and I took his hand and put it back up on the desk.
"Don't you need that to work the computer?" I said.
"All right, all right," he said and started typing and clicking.
Soon there was a display of a bunch of sex scenes on the screen. At the top he typed in "Exhibitionist Women" and hit enter. A new set of scenes showed up with mostly women. A lot were pretty graphic close-ups of the female genitalia. I didn't find it very sexy and told Ron so. He said he didn't either if it was out of context like that. Then he said, "Here's a good one," and clicked on one. It went to a page with a video screen like YouTube. When it played, there was a cute girl on the street in a simple red dress. The videographer talked to her and got her to pull her dress down and show her tits. They were nice, a little smaller than mine. I couldn't see anybody else in the frame but she didn't seem worried or nervous. She was smiling at the camera. Then the camera followed her as she went into a store. She lifted the hem of her dress in back and her cute little bare butt was just wiggling along. As she got closer to people in the store she casually pulled her dress back down. But once she saw nobody was looking too closely, she pulled it back up again! Now this was interesting! She didn't call attention to herself, but if anyone had looked, she didn't look as if she would scream and run out of there. She seemed to just be enjoying herself and was indifferent to other people's reaction. I was fascinated. Ron was looking at me and I could see he sensed my excitement.
"What do you think?" he asked.
"Looks like fun!" I said a little breathlessly.
"Maybe you'd like it even better if you took your top off," he said, "you know, in the spirit of the show!"
"Maybe you're right," I said as I shed my top while watching the girl on the screen, sashay down the street flashing some breast, then some ass, then some pussy. Then she waved good bye to the camera and it ended.
"Here's another one..." Ron said as he cued it up. It started with a pretty, young girl walking toward the camera with a shopping mall interior in the background. She was wearing heels and a form fitting short dress. The material was very stretchy and as she is walking toward the camera, she pulls the neckline down below her boobs. She is smiling and walking along nonchalantly in the mall with her boobs out! There are no people nearby but some are in the distance in the back ground. Then she puts her boobs away and turns away from the camera. She lifts the hem of her dress up to her waist showing off a nice bare ass. She takes a few steps and wiggles a little then drops the dress down again as if nothing ever happened. Later, she finds a comfy looking chair and sits down while again pulling her skirt up to her waist. She loops one leg over the arm of the chair giving a good view of her puss. All the while, she is glancing around casually as people walk by in the background. I said to Ron,
"You know, this stuff looks like fun but a little scary and sexy at the same time."
Ron said, "I think you may be a natural! That is the thing that makes a good exhibitionist: that she looks sexy and wary at the same time but looks like she is having fun all the same. There are some videos where the girl looks like she is maybe on drugs and is just taking her clothes off for money or something. No fun and not sexy."
I got up and asked for the bathroom. As I sat down to pee, I realized my panties were soaked! I was getting excited about exhibitionism! I got a devilish idea. I slipped off my shorts and panties. I put the shorts back on and balled up the panties and put them in the pocket of my shorts. As I was washing my hands at the sink and looking in the mirror, I thought to myself, "I look as good as those chicks in the videos". I still wasn't interested in internet publicity though.
When I returned to Ron's room I told him to close his eyes and open his mouth. He looked a little suspicious but did as he was told. I pulled out my balled-up panties and popped them in his mouth!
"Taste familiar?" I asked.
"I'd know that taste anywhere!" he replied. He munched a little as he pulled me onto his lap facing him. He kissed me and pushed the panties into my mouth! At the same time he was sliding his hand up the back of my thighs to my ass cheek. We were sort of kissing and sharing my panties as I put my hands in his lap and felt his dick through his shorts. At that point, I got off him, spit the panties out and said,
"Ron, I think we are overdressed." He agreed and stripped off his shirt, shorts and boxers. I dropped my shorts and unhooked the bra. We looked at each other for about a second: the way his pecker was standing up and as slippery as I was, I knew we were ready. We came together, fell to the floor and in no time, he was in me and we were thrashing away. We were both at a heightened state of excitement and we both came pretty quick. It was the first time I had had a cock in me for quite a while and I loved it. I could tell Ron did too.
"Whew!" we said more or less in unison. Lying there on the carpet, side by side, we were both breathing hard. After we caught our breath, I rolled on my side, put a leg over his and put my head on his shoulder.
"I'm not sure what's going on here, Ron, but I like it pretty well," I said.
"I do too," he replied, "You sure tickle my fancy!"
I grabbed his now soft, damp penis and said, "I like your 'fancy' pretty well too!"
We were quiet for a while then I said,
"I gotta go to work. And I'd better get up before we make a big mess on your carpet. I can hear your mom: 'What are these spots on the carpet, Ron?' 'Oh, I spilled some jam, mom.' 'Jam! What kind of jam?' 'Pearl jam mom. I was sharing it with the neighbor girl!'"
He said, "Argh!" and we both laughed.
When I was in the bathroom, he called out
"What are you doing about birth control?"
"Birth control!" I answered, "I thought you said you'd had a vasectomy!"
"No way!" he said, "I never said that!"
"Well, fine time to bring it up now." I called back.
"Oh, crap!" he muttered.
"Don't worry," I said returning to his room and pulling on my shorts, "I'm on the pill."
"Oh, good!" he said grinning, "you think of everything."
"Lucky for you," I said, "one of us has to."
I took his hand, helped him to his feet and we embraced.
"Thanks for breakfast. What are you gonna do this afternoon?"
"Probably play video games. My buddy Derek and I play on-line."
"Well remember what we agreed about keeping this all confidential. I don't want to get a call from Derek asking if he can come over and see my things!"
"Don't worry," he said, "Derek is gay."
"Alright then. I'll call you when I'm home after work." We had a nice lingering kiss and then I was off -- back to reality.