Like real life, this story contains a variety of situations, sex scenes, etc. and because it doesn't easily fit into one category, it is labeled Erotic Couplings. If you are turned off by sex between cousins, read no more. Although this isn't a major part of the story, it is central to it.
I thank my generous editor, AlwaysHungry, for his careful edits and insightful suggestions on plot points and wording. The story benefitted so much from his help.
_______________________________________________
Arrival hall, Ben Gurion Airport
"Val! Valeria! Here, dear!"
It took Val a few minutes after she cleared the doors of the customs and security area to locate the sound of her aunt's gritty smoker's voice, but the handwaving made it easier. She adjusted her path and made her way to one of the gaps in the barriers set in a rough semi-circle in front of her. The crowd of relatives and friends waiting for the latest arrivals teemed behind the barriers, soldiers with guns strapped to their backs dotted liberally around the barriers. Ben Gurion Airport took security to a different level than any other airport she'd been through. Not much had changed in that regard.
As soon as she made it through the gap, her aunt immediately engulfed her in a bear hug. Val felt small and childlike in her aunt's overwhelming embrace. Not a short woman, she was at least four inches shorter than her aunt's imposing height, a trait she wished she'd inherited rather than her own average build. On the other hand, Val couldn't help noticing that her aunt must have gained more than four inches in girth since the last time they'd seen each other, the fusty soft knit shirt and knit pants stretched to the max around her frame.
"You've lost weight, Val! Don't you eat, dear?"
Val shrugged. "I eat plenty. Really, I'm fine, Aunt Leila. I'm not a good enough cook to make it worthwhile most of the time, as much as you tried to teach me. And I hate cooking for myself." Memories of Leila's and her own mother's traditional dishes flooded back, together with the laughter they shared in the kitchen. Oh, well - some things could not be recreated outside their time and place.
"You've got everything? Did they lose your luggage? I swear, airlines these days, they always lose something."
"Nope, this is everything. I'm ready to go."
"You travel light."
"Don't need much. I won't be here that long, and I've got plenty to keep me going without worrying too much about laundry."
"How long are you staying? Everyone's dying to see you!"
"Thanks, Leila. We'll see. I'll try to see all the cousins and so on. But I mostly want to spend time with you - I'm so sorry, I just couldn't come sooner. And I also want a bit of "away" time. I booked a scuba diving trip from Eilat." She had plenty of second and third cousins, and their kids, and husbands and wives. And on and on and on - it gave her a headache just to think about it.
"You're going that far? But then you won't have time to see everyone."
"Leila, nowhere is far in Israel. It's the size of Rhode Island!"
"Don't exaggerate!" Leila was playfully indignant.
"OK, New Jersey then!"
Val sighed - already she was inwardly shrinking away from her family here before seeing anybody, and already felt the guilt. She'd booked the dive trip in part to avoid the many people who she should feel close to because of blood ties even though they shared so little of their lifestyle. Aside from loving to dive and not having had a chance to do it in warm water in a long time.
"Lead on, Leila."
"Home, or...?"
"How far is the cemetery?"
"It's on the way. Not far from the apartment."
"The cemetery, then."
***
The grave had a simple headstone with Hebrew letters and the years 1978 - 2010. Val couldn't read Hebrew but knew the letters must be his name, Joshua Alexander Schwartz, and wondered why they had been written in Hebrew rather than in Roman script. A quick look around had informed her that the grave stones surrounding her cousin's tomb had writing in both Roman and Hebrew scripts, and the words she understood written in several languages.
"Who decided on the Hebrew?" she asked her aunt.
"I thought the army had, but it's actually in his will."
"He left a will?
"Everyone who goes in the army is encouraged to write a will, Val dear. It only makes sense."
"His going in the Israeli army makes no sense to me! I tried to talk him out of it, but it was too late."
"I think you probably ended up talking him into it, without realizing it."
"He said that to you?"
"No, not explicitly. But he talked a bit about you, and how he wanted to convince you that he was serious about Israel, about belonging here."
"He told me that, Leila. I just didn't believe it. Perhaps didn't want to believe it," Val said, her shoulders turned down. "It just didn't make sense to me after he'd spent all those years in the States. He seemed to have made a new life for himself, severed his ties here."
Her aunt just shrugged. "HIs father had been in the IDF. It's what brought him here from the old country. Josh felt he owed his father."
Val hadn't met Josh until they were both in their late teens, she having grown up in the States and he in Israel. Like every Israeli boy he had completed his three years of army service right after high school, learning something about computers and electronics while in the army. Afterwards, he had taken advantage of having relatives in the US, and had gotten into the University of Maryland just as Val had been finishing up her own studies there.
She'd had an apartment off-campus by then, sick of the noise and bustle of dorm life, and had agreed, at her mother's suggestion, to share it with Josh. Val had been moderately enthusiastic - not only because she'd get to split the rent, which always helped, but also because she had been intrigued by Josh. She'd seen only a few times before but she had liked his dark looks and easy quirk of a smile. He had had his father's light olive skin and blue eyes, but his mother's dark hair, so dark it was nearly black, absorbing any light that fell on it.
Now the ground seemed to absorb all the light of the day, had already absorbed everything that had been the Josh she'd known.
"Your brother would have talked him out of it, I know it," Val insisted, thinking of the solid shape of her uncle. He was always ready to smile.
"You may be right, Val. I can't vouch for that. But it's too late to talk about these things. It isnottoo late to honor him and honor his wishes, respect his decision. You could join us, you know, just like he did."
"No, Leila. This place isn't for me." And then, as if in an afterthought, "Who sat shivah for him? And who said Kaddish for him?" Josh had no children, so the men of the family would need to organize to pay their respects. It rankled her that, as a woman, she was not allowed to say Kaddish for him, although she had been the closest to him in those last six or seven years of his life before he'd returned to Israel. It was a big responsibility - if they did it in the traditional way, the prayer had to be said three times a day for eleven months, and yearly afterwards.
"I don't know who really sat Shiva for him, we didn't find out soon enough. You know Jews must be buried within 24 hours, if at all possible. They didn't find us in time. But Uncle Samuel said Kaddish for him, joined by your younger cousins, Adam and Yossi."
Val knew her twin nephews must have taken their responsibility seriously. Death was always a serious business. In her opinion, it was so serious it drowned out the joy of life.
"Did Adam and Yossi even meet him before he went into the army?" Val asked.
"They hadn't known him long. But that's irrelevant, as you well know. We all told family stories, and he'd been back a couple of times. He'd been their hero."
None of you knew him like I did,Val thought to herself. She stood for a few moments in front of the grave, and laid the small bouquet of small daisies on the grave in front of the gravestone. They didn't look quite like the daisies Josh had liked to weave into wreaths for her when they went on picnics, but they'd have to do.
"Wherever did you get those?" Leila asked her. Val knew Leila wasn't being judgmental, though it came out sounding that way. Val simply shrugged, hiding the tears streaking down her cheeks with her long hair falling over her shoulders.
"Val, You're going to be down in Eilat. That's where he was stationed in his last year. Maybe you should visit his base. Some of his friends are probably still there. People who knew him well."
"I don't know, Leila."
"Well, just keep it in mind. I can write the colonel who headed his unit, just let him know you might visit. No obligation."
Val nodded. She didn't want to let her aunt down, but she couldn't imagine doing what Leila suggested.
When Leila finally placed her hand on Val's shoulder to signal the need to leave, Val had already recited the mourner's Kaddish under her breath, knowing well she shouldn't have. It was exactly the one year anniversary of his death. But that prayer, to a god whom she resented even though she didn't believe in him, was for the living. The dead were long beyond its reach.
***
The stones of Avdat
Val had turned into the small parking lot, wanting a break from the heat and driving. She'd been attracted by the abandoned piles of Avdat's stones rising on the hill in the middle of the otherwise barren Negev. She'd grabbed her light backpack, holding only a bottle of water, a granola bar, her camera with her favorite lens and the telescoping tripod, and her book.
Stepping lightly along the path, she admired the isolated setting and the view over the desert, the road from Tel Aviv to Eilat skirting the bottom of the hill, straight except for the occasional bend accommodating some near-invisible topographical feature. The dilapidated Roman villa overlooking the Nabataean city had several levels and, as she walked around it, she found herself sliding into the role of the lady of the house in the absence of the men who'd left for another of their interminable skirmishes. At the end of the day, she could finally retreat to her room in the tower, kept cool by the thick stone wall, the gauze drapes fluttering in the late afternoon breeze.
She would tuck herself onto one of the wide windowsills, having stripped off the heavier linen overdress and the rough apron edged in ribbon with gold thread, the only visible sign of her position in the household. She would free her hair, long red-gold tresses, now somewhat tangled and matted with sweat around her brow, that would flutter in the wind, creating a soft curtain around her face.
Val climbed onto the large opening looking northwards, imagining waiting for news from runners, messengers dusty from the long, grueling ride, in need of water, food, and solid ground beneath their feet. And after those basic needs would be fulfilled, a maid or youth, doe-eyed and sinewed, would be sent to take care of other needs, perhaps.
She wore a loose tunic with deep side slits over skirt. The area around the villa was so barren and she'd seen no other cars on her drive that she gave in to her urge to remove her tunic and bra and let the lazy air caress her golden bronzed skin and rose-brown nipples. She spread her tunic on the wide stones of the windowsill and sat on it, her bare back against the slightly cooler stone, one knee flexed with toes gripping the sill while the other foot lay flat on the floor for balance.
She didn't even give the book a glance - didn't feel like reading. She let her mind drift again, her fingers loosely wrapped around the water bottle. As she drank, water spilled down her chin and on her chest, a stream of drops chasing each other along her skin, mixing the thin coat of sweat veiling her. She watched a droplet roll slowly down the gentle curve of her breast, traveling to the dark areola and alight precariously on the tip of the brownish nipple. Without thinking, she cupped her breast, the flesh filling her hand, and, bending her neck forward, stretched to tongue the nipple dry. She could just reach to swipe around it, the puckered pebbled flesh distinct in texture from the smooth curve leading up to it.

"Are you sure, Val?"
His mouth was hovering near her breast, his dark, wiry, unruly hair and light-olive skin a contrast to her own fairer hue. The black double row of lashes lay against the smooth cheek, the lips poised just millimeters away from her left breast, waiting as if suspended in both time and space. And she eventually guided her nipple between those luscious full lips. He nibbled, almost shyly at first, then insistent and demanding. The tip of his tongue peeked between lips that closed down and sucked harder still. She lifted his chin slightly to look him in the eye while at the same time arching her back in response to the demanding suction of those lips on her breast. His eyes darkened, his lids closed partially. She felt his cock strain against her thigh and swelling as he continued sucking her nipple and breast.
She ran her hand down his arm, and slowly swiped her palm across his smooth, hairless back. His smoothness pleased her. She pulled her nipple away from his lips and, admiring his chest, she circled and teased first one then the other of his nipples with her palm, smiling at the sensitivity he couldn't hide as he arched into her palm and closed his eyes.
"Open your eyes, Josh," she murmured, and continued her palm's journey down his stomach, traveling along the muscles that made a V and down into his pelvic region and the soft curls of hair peeking out from the cinching band of his loose trousers. She pulled the drawstring of the thin cotton pants and let them slide down to reveal those strong thigh muscles she'd admired for the several years they'd shared her apartment. He twitched, an all-muscle spasm that made his cock point upwards towards his navel.
She moved her hand from his body to hers, palm against her own abdomen now, fingers down and curling down into the soft, curling hair that hid her labia. She wondered about shaving — she'd heard it would make her more sensitive to every touch — but Josh's eyes were so completely riveted on her fingers and their path that she stopped thinking about anything else. She ran her fingers around the outer lips, into the crevices between her vulva, feeling the thick moisture that was trickling and coating her upper thighs.
She circled her clit, rubbing it just a little, then stopped to save that pleasure for later. She dipped her fingers into her channel, reaching in as far as she could to feel the pressure and the rough patch, her G-spot. When she withdrew, she'd brought her own moisture out and smeared it now over the mushroom head of Josh's penis, making it glisten with her own wetness. He sucked air in sharply and looked, first in her eyes, then down at her fingers as they caressed the head of his penis and the small notched indentation under the glans. She ran her fingers all around the top of the shaft, then up and down along the vein and to the top of his testicles. She leaned forward, touching her tongue to the soft sac at the base of his shaft. As she touched, both their eyes closed, and Val used her tongue to give a thorough upward swipe to the quivering shaft twitching wildly near her lips.
"Val, I need your mouth on me," he said, his voice strangled. "Please!"
She let her tongue slide down again, the swirled it slowly around his testicles, watching his closed eyes closed, leaning forward so that her breasts touched his thighs. She lifted her hands to hold herself up using her cousin's legs for leverage and as she did so, her breasts pressed harder into his thighs and she sucked harder on the soft wrinkled skin, making him gasp.
Valeria's hand moved to her cunt, as if on its own. Her fingers opened and rubbed the shiny swollen lips, the movement bringing Josh's eyes to her cunt, the lids heavy with lust and pleasure and fear of losing control. She rubbed herself faster, spurred on by that lustful gaze and her own need and imagination of his heightening pleasure. His cock was visibly harder, the skin stretched without a wrinkle over the shaft, and his hand made a movement toward it. Val acknowledged the motion and nodded, as if giving him permission to touch himself. In fact, she was dying to see him, and gasped with pleasure as he wrapped his hand around his shaft and rubbed himself up and down, clearly with familiarity.
Nudging his hand away, she wrapped her own hands around the base of his cock and set a counterpoint rhythm between her hand and mouth, her cheeks sucked tightly inward. Val pressed her mound to Josh's leg and snaked her free hand between his legs. In less than half a minute Josh grunted and spurted his semen into her mouth, holding her shoulders, his whole body convulsing. Val kept up her sucking and grinding her own pubis against her hand, fingers thickly slick with her effusions, her own climax making her close her eyes and lose herself in the quivering spasms.
A while later, she looked at him and smiled.
"Whose turn to cook?" she asked, using her sweetest voice.
"Yours!"
"Mine? I did it yesterday!"
"You call that cooking?"
"You ate it all, didn't you?"
"OK, rock, paper, scissors," he said. She won the first time.
"There you are. Your turn to cook."
"How about two out of three?"
She rolled her eyes but stretched out her hand again. And won again.

When Val finally opened her eyes and slowly regained a sense of her actual surroundings, she caught movement at the corner of her eye and saw, to her horror, a tall man with softly curling salt-and-pepper greying hair silently turn and step out of the chamber. She hadn't seen his face, thankfully, and swore under her breath.How much had he seen? How much of what she'd been thinking had she spoken out loud?
***
Val took her time putting her bra and tunic back on, making sure the drawstring of her pants was knotted, then sat down again with her bottle of water. About half an hour later, when she'd regained her composure and thought he'd probably left already, she stepped out onto the now-open terrace that must once have been an inside patio. It was bound on one side by the building she'd stepped out of and on the other three by a low wall in various states of disrepair. He was sitting on the wall to her left, his head bent over a well-worn book, his legs stretched out in front of him casually.
She had an urge to turn around and go back in, take the other exit from the room, but it was too late - he'd already seen her. He'd lifted his head and watched her as she stepped in his general direction, staying towards the middle of the patio, aiming for the opening that led to the path down. Damn him, why had he waited for her? What did he want?
"Hello," he ventured.
"Hi," was all she gave him.
"Are you on your way north or south?" he continued.
She looked at him, letting her suspicion show. She took in his faded army pants, the black tank top, and his dusty and scuffed army boots. Near his feet by the wall was propped a duffel bag.
"I'm headed to Eilat," he added. "My last ride dropped me off here, he was going home in another direction. There's often tourists here, traveling north or south. I thought I might catch a ride."
She still didn't offer anything.
"My name is Avraam. Avi, for short," he said, as he pushed off the wall and headed in her direction, arm outstretched to shake her hand.
"Valeria. Val." She shook his hand, noticing the dry roughness of his palm. "Not too often I meet others with V's in their name."
He smiled and nodded, acknowledging she'd relented and offered an olive branch. His voice was softly accented and he had an Israeli name, but his looks could have made him either Jew or Arab. His hair was dark but turning gray here and there, and his olive skin stretched taut over muscles that belied his age. He must have been well over forty, maybe even over fifty.
"Don't you have a car?"
"It's with my family. I'm on duty, assigned down south for a month. Normally I'd take the bus but it was too crowded, and it's too hot to be stuck for ten hours with nine or ten other sweaty people. I thought I'd take my chances on hitchhiking. It usually works pretty well. I saw your car from the road and asked the ride to let me off here. But then I didn't see anyone near the car, so I went exploring."
She felt herself turn redder, decided to ignore it and take an aggressive stance. She'd found it worked better with Israeli men, which she assumed he was.
"Liked what you saw? Thought you'd get a freebie, since your wife isn't with you?"
He watched her for a few moments before answering her.
"Yeah, I liked what I saw. Who wouldn't? I'm sorry, I didn't know. I left to give you privacy."
"Thanks for that."
"I don't have a wife. Not any longer."
"Tired of being a military wife, was she?" Val sniped back.
"What?" he stared at her, confused. "No. She died, a couple of years ago. Breast cancer."
Val mentally kicked herself: she was an ass. It wasn't the first time she'd let her quick anger make a fool of herself.
She swallowed hard. "I'm very sorry. Listen, I'm on my way south. I was going to stop in Eilat anyway, maybe spend a few days before going on. It won't be any trouble to give you a ride. Are you ready to go?"
He nodded once with a sharp, military gesture and turned to grab his duffel. When he bent to it, his glutes stretched the heavy cotton material of his pants nicely, and his biceps and triceps worked together to lift what seemed to be a fairly heavy load.
"What do you have in there, rocks?"
He snorted. "May as well be. Books."
"Most people would use a Kindle for those nowadays. You're not a fan of e-Readers?"
They walked to the car and she opened the trunk, waited till he put the duffel inside and positioned it carefully, then closed the flap.
"I have one of those apps on my computer, but no, they're not those kinds of books. I'm doing some research. They're library books. Old and rather obscure, not yet digitized."
They got in the car and rode in silence for a few minutes, Val turning left onto the road to Eilat and fiddling with the radio, looking for a station.
"Reception tends to be complete crap down here," he said, as if apologizing.
"I thought that might be a problem. I brought a few CDs, they're in the glove compartment. You could look to see if there's anything you like."
"Does the car have a USB port? I have an iPod with me - saves my sanity on the road."
She wanted to lighten the mood a bit. "How about we play 'rock paper scissors' to decide whose music?"
"Huh," he said. "Haven't played that for a while. Had a friend who did it all the time. OK, here we go," and he extended his fist towards her. He won the first round.
"Two out of three?" she asked. She won the next round, but lost the third.
"Mind if I look for a USB port?" Avi pointed to the dashboard compartment under the radio.
"You might also look in here," Val tapped the armrest and lifted it to reveal another compartment.
He plugged in his iPod and for a good fifteen minutes they listened to his idiosyncratic mix of music, ranging from European pop to world music to Israeli folk. She was content to drive in silence, letting herself enjoy the scenery and trying to ignore the stranger sitting next to her. As they drove through the desert, passing the occasional scrub and rock pile, she noticed occasional large metal sculptures, surprising the eye.
"Random acts of art," she offered.
"What?"
"You know, like random acts of kindness, but pleasing to the eye. Makes one think. Focuses the brain."
"Focuses the brain in what way?"
"Well, some of the sculptures you'll like, some you won't. Then you'll start thinking about why you like one and not another one. About the artist who did them and what they were trying to achieve, how successful they were at it."
He added nothing to that, and they continued driving in silence for another ten minutes or so.
"What were you thinking about back there? At Avdat," he asked.
She didn't answer for a couple of minutes. Then blurted, "Screwing and getting screwed. Letting off some steam."
"Been a while?"
She looked at him sideways with her best freeze ray look, then turned back to the road.
"It's been while for me," he said, looking obliquely at her.
"Yeah, I bet. And I need to know that because...?"
"Well..."
"Thanks if you're offering but no thanks," she said, cutting off whatever hopes he'd had. "I don't do strangers. Literally or figuratively."
"There's always a first time. Besides, we don't have to stay strangers. I'd really hoped we wouldn't."
"Yeah, no. Thanks again."Did he get finality? Or would she need to get hard-assed about it?
"No worries. Sorry if I was rude," he said, and fell silent. Intermittently she sneaked peeks over at him and noticed that he'd let his eyes close, and eventually she heard the heavier, more relaxed regular breathing of sleep punctuated with light snores every once in a while.
***
"You can drop me off right there," Avi said a couple of hours later after what had become a comfortable silence.
They were getting very close to Eilat, and the outskirts were beginning to give way to the city. He pointed to a parking lot in front of some fenced-in huts, the only visible evidence of the military compound announced by the placard she finally noticed. "You can't get me any closer to where I'm going than this."
She nodded, and pulled into the lot, stopping near the compound's gate and turning the car off. When he got out, she got out as well and opened the trunk to let him grab his duffel bag.
"Did you have a place to stay picked out already?"
"Not yet. I thought I'd check out the hotels near the water."
"You didn't make reservation? They might be full, you know. It's a pretty popular spot for vacationers. And a stop-off to Petra."
"Yeah. I'm not much good with planning my travel. I just like to show up, check out the lay of the land. I'll just drive around, find something.
I'm not too picky."
He nodded. "Good luck, then." He dug in his wallet for a few seconds. She was worried that he meant to pay her for the ride. She didn't want to take his money, but didn't know the road etiquette here. When he handed her a business card with his name, a couple of phone numbers, and an email, she was relieved.
"Call me if you don't find a place to stay tonight. I have some friends in town who might be able to put you up. Or call if you need anything."
"Thanks for the offer, Avi. I'll be fine, but I appreciate your thinking of it."
He shrugged, "You never know. Or you may want some company. Get a drink together." She started to demur, but he kept going. "Thanks again for the ride. It was really helpful. Hey, make sure you pick a reputable outfit for your diving. Some of these guys have run into trouble. Why don't you try these guys, Red Sea Divers - let me write their name down on my card. They're really good."
She gave him the card, and he scribbled the diving company's name on the back before returning it.
"Thanks for the tip, Avi. I'll be careful. Take care. Good to meet you. Good luck with... everything," and she stretched her right hand toward him.
As he shook it, she didn't miss the slight twitch at the right corner of his mouth, the dimple forming in his right cheek. She had to admit, he was attractive in a lean, sparse way.What, did he want more? A kiss? I don't think so.
She knew she was awkward with men she'd known for just a short time. Should she have hugged him? Kissed his cheek? Given him a peck on the lips? Whatever. This was all she had to offer and she wasn't likely to see him again. She gave him a last look as he walked to the gate, noticing the nice way his buns flexed against the tight-fitting desert-patterned army fatigues, one leg tucked into his black dusty boot, the other not.Men... they didn't pay much attention to things like that, did they?
He was nodding and chatting with a guy who'd come out of the little guard booth to greet him, then looked over his shoulder, vaguely pointing towards her car. She nodded in greeting at him, not sure whether he could see her, and drove off.
***
"Avi! You made it! The colonel's been looking for you..." the guard said, giving Avi's back a manly slap.
"Yeah, well... Took a while to get a ride," Avi shrugged.
"Hey, who was that, anyway? Didn't see too much of her but she sure was a looker! "
"Shove it back in your pants, Dov! And yes, she is a looker!"
"Got a bit of her, did you?"
"Naw, man. Though I wouldn't have minded... but..."
"Of course, of course, always the gentleman," Dov laughed. "You know, she looks a bit familiar..."
"Yes, she looked familiar to me too," Avi said, forehead wrinkled. Then, "All right. Where's the colonel?" as he headed through the gates.
As he headed towards the colonel's office, Avi thought about Val. Even at Avdat, when he first saw her face, she'd triggered a memory. Something about her eyes and her mouth when she smiled. The game of rock paper scissors in the car had triggered another.
He dropped his duffel on the side of the road and, taking out his phone, scrolled through the photographs he kept. He had to scroll a ways back to find photos that were a year old or more. But there, amid the others, was the selfie Josh Schwartz had taken of himself and Avi, laughing, arms around each other. In another, Avi and Josh and a few of their friends sat around a table in a bar, beer bottles littering the table top. He magnified Josh's smiling face. They shared the same eyes and mouth. She must be Josh's cousin Val, the one Josh had confided in him about and had agonized over. The one to whom Josh had written a letter, before he'd left on his last mission, that he'd wanted Avi to deliver.
He'd had no idea how beautiful she was.
~~~~~
The Dive Boat
"All right, everyone's filled out their release forms? When I have yours and you've picked out your dive gear, grab your dive bag and proceed to the boat. There'll be people there to help you on and get you settled in once you're on board."
Val hauled her bag to the boat as directed. It was pretty basic, about 32 feet of working boat set up for diving. Once she boarded, she could see the long benches up each side, with the wells behind them filled with air tanks. She looked to be the first guest on board. She chose a spot near the exit so she could be out of the boat and into the water first. She fished out her BCD, the cumbersome but essential diving vest used to control the diver's buoyancy in the water, and unraveled the two long hoses of the octopus, laid out the fins and the dive booties on top where she could get them easily, and shoved the nest dive bag far under the bench, out of the way.
She'd brought her own "skins" - she loved diving in warm water with only the tight Lycra garment that was normally worn under the heavier wet suits to make them easier to slide on. She'd already decided the 76°F water of the Gulf of Aqaba (or Gulf of Eilat, depending where you were from) was sufficiently cozy for her to need only the skins to provide just a little extra warmth and protection from the reefs or jelly fish or other stinging marine life. She stepped out of her shorts and stepped into the legs of the black and grey one-piece garment, pulling it up her legs and over her one-piece swimsuit to about the level of her navel, then tied off the dangling sleeves loosely around her waist.
"A real pity to hide those legs," she heard behind her. She turned, annoyance on her face, to the man standing loosely in the door of the cabin under the deck.
"Hello to you, too. Is that how your mother taught you to address strange women?" she said, as cold as she could manage, then took a second look and relaxed.
He smiled at her. "She'd expect me to be more polite to strange women. But you're not exactly a stranger."
"Avi, what the hell are you doing here?"
"My friend Yoel captains this dive boat. He was short some hands and asked me to help. I was off, so... here I am."
"Huh, what's the chance of me going on the same boat? I take it you approve of these guys?"
"As much as I approve of any recreational diving outfit. They're careful. Give a good tour."
"How's the dive master?"
"I hear he's OK. Haven't heard anything bad about him," Avi shrugged.
"Well, I'll just put my stuff away."
"There's water bottles and juices in this cooler over here if you want some. It's a good idea to drink a lot - it's pretty dry here, though it may not seem that way."
"Yes, I will get one. Thanks."
She rolled up her shorts and put them into the dive bag, but left her T-shirt on to keep her shoulders and chest from burning in the sun too much. Her fair skin would turn red pretty easily and there was not a cloud in the sky. Done with the preliminaries, she walked over to the cooler and grabbed a bottle of water.
"Have you done a lot of diving?" he asked her, drinking out of his own water bottle.
"Yeah, quite a bit."
"Whereabouts?"
"Here and there. Bermuda. Belize. Thailand. Indonesia and the Philippines. Indonesia was probably my favorite."
"Been to the Great Barrier Reef?"
"I have. Just once. Very cool, but I think I like the diving in Southeast Asia better."
"How many hours?"
"Over a hundred, I'd say."
"Recreational only?"
"Yeah, pretty much. And night diving. Some of my favorite."
He nodded his agreement, "Yes, mine too. Will you be doing any here?"
"No, I don't think so. Don't have enough time, and I wanted to see the place in the daytime."
"How long are you here for?"
"Today's my last day in Eilat. I've booked a tour to Petra tomorrow. I leave early in the morning. No time for a night dive this trip. I'll be back, though. I have family in Tel Aviv."
He nodded. "I'll catch up with you later, then. Have to help these folks onto the boat, get them ready. Let me know if you need help with anything. I'll do your check-out in a bit." He squeezed her shoulder and walked past her to help the family just getting on.
She realized she felt more relaxed around him. She didn't quite know why, but didn't spend much time worrying about it. Leaning over the gunwale, she looked out over the gulf, first towards the Jordanian side where the city of Aqaba was visible, pretty close, then towards the Egyptian side that was quite barren except right near the border with Israel.
Behind her she heard the usual banter of dive boats. In time, she turned and helped out here and there, trying to stay out of the way mostly. She'd already put her buoyancy compensator vest, commonly known in the dive business as the BCD, over the tank behind her seat. The vest could be filled and emptied of air using special valves, letting the diver regulate their depth level in the water. She opened the regulator valve on the air tank and checked the gauge to make sure that it was full. Finally, she checked that both the first and second stages were fine - the hoses and fittings that brought air to the diver from the tank. All good.
She liked getting on boats early - more room to dress and get ready, less bumping into people she didn't know yet. Luckily this was a pretty light group, as far as dive groups went. A couple in their late forties or fifties and their teenaged son, another couple in their late thirties or early forties from the States, an older German couple, and a Swedish girl in her late twenties or so, tall, blonde, and looking nicely formed as only Scandinavian girls could be. She wondered idly who her dive buddy would be and watched people as they started getting ready, to gauge their experience.
***
"OK, everyone's on board and we're ready to go. We've got a nice intimate group today, which will be just great underwater. My name's Yoel and I'm the boat captain. Ben is my second in command and will be helping with you with all of your needs, help get your tanks on and off, and help get you back in the boat when you return from your dives. And Avi's our highly experienced dive master today."
Val flinched and looked at Avi, who smiled right back at her, his dimples fully in evidence. Damn him! His near-black eyes crinkled into a fan of laugh lines radiating from the corners out.
"So, any questions before we push off? We've got about an hour and a half to our first dive site, so we best push off."
No one had questions, so he turned and settled himself up into the captain's cabin, and maneuvered the boat out of the harbor. Ben made himself busy pulling in the anchor and coiling lines, while Avi sat on the cooler after passing out bottles of water and juice to everyone who wanted them.
"Great, folks. I'll tell you a bit about the dive site and what we should expect to see there. We'll be diving for about forty-five, maybe fifty minutes depending on our air, then coming back on board and eating lunch while the captain heads out to our second dive site. We'll be doing our second dive, again about 45-50 minutes, then heading back to shore. Normally we would refill the tanks in between our dives, but because there's not too many of us we have taken on sufficient full tanks for everyone diving on board. That'll be nice - running the compressor is pretty damn loud, so it will be much more pleasant for all of us. Any questions so far?"
Everyone shook their heads, "No."
"Folks, if you have any questions whatsoever, please ask. Don't be shy. I'll answer all I can, and if I can't answer, the captain and Ben are both a great source of information."
People settled in, looking around. Avi asked everyone to introduce themselves. Tim, the teenager, wanted to be a marine biologist. His parents both taught biology at a university in one of the Midwestern states. The German man was in the car manufacturing business, his wife a very well-kept hausfrau by the looks of it. The Swedish gal was studying graphic arts in Gothenburg and was spending a semester at Tel Aviv University. Val presumed she was enjoying the heat, the light of the Mediterranean winters compared to the dark of the northern ones, and the inevitable attention the tall blonde must be getting from the dark-haired, olive-skinned Jewish boys. One anecdote after another and soon enough Avi was tapping the side of the cooler to get their attention.
"OK, everyone, I'm going to be pairing you up. You two will be dive buddies," he said, pointing to the German couple. Mr. and Mrs, Sanderson, you two will buddy up."
"But what about Tim? Roger usually dives with Tim," said Mrs. Sanderson, looking from her husband to her son a bit nervously.
"No worries, Mrs. S. Why don't we try this arrangement today, at least for the first dive. You and Mr. S. Will enjoy yourselves a rare opportunity to dive together. Tim will dive with Val, who's a very experienced diver. He'll be in good hands. OK, Tim?"
Tim nodded vigorously, throwing Val a quick look, sweeping down from her neck to her bust and getting a bit flushed.
"And I'll dive with Ylva," Avi finished the assignments. "We'll be moving slowly along so we can get a good look at everything. I'll be in front. Please keep an eye on me - if I see anything really cool, I'll be pointing things out to you guys, or writing on my little dive board. Mostly I'll be pointing. I'll be checking back on you all - please stay with the group, and don't dawdle too much. Val and Tim will be bringing up the rear."
She supposed that was a measure of trust in her abilities. She wasn't sure exactly where he'd gotten that, but it mollified her a bit. Though she still looked for hints of flirtation between Avi and Ylva. He spent no more time checking Ylva's equipment out than he'd had anyone else's on the boat. And she wasn't quite sure where her possessiveness had come from. He'd tried to get to know her on the drive down to Eilat, and she'd rebuffed each of his attempts. She knew there was only so much a man would try, especially if another young and willing female was nearby.
"If anyone needs more weights, let me know - I brought a few extras along," Avi announced, as he continued his rounds of every diver. All good, she nodded to him, as she slipped on the dive booties for a bit of extra warmth. Even in the pretty warm water she knew she might get cold if she stayed down long enough. She knew she was a temperature wimp - she hated getting cold.
"Folks, there is a lot of reef to see here, and we will be going slow so we can have plenty of time to see the beautiful wild life. But please, please watch your buoyancy and your fins - do not hit the reef with your fins, and make sure not to drop down on the reef - you will damage it. We have a lot of divers coming here - we want to keep the reefs as pristine for all of us as we can."
Avi took a breath and a sip of water and continued. "We were going to take you to the Caves, but we decided against it. Instead we will first head out to the Japanese Gardens, at the very end of the Nature Reserve. This site can only be reached by boat, so in addition to being beautiful, it also has the advantage of fewer divers. This will also be where we will dive the deepest, our maximum of 40 meters, and coming slowly up as we move along the reef." He rattled off the types of fish we should look out for, everyone watching him with rapt attention as he spoke of the various rays that they might see.
Val knew about the Caves site - it was in Egyptian waters officially, and while relations between Israel and Egypt were polite at the moment, at least on the surface, she also knew from the papers and her family that tensions were pretty high at the moment. She's already had an argument with Aunt Leila over whether she should even go diving in Eilat, and had finally put her foot down.
"We're nearly there. Make sure you have everything you need, especially your mask. We're going to be doing a giant step entry off the back of the boat, and we can get two people ready at a time, but please please don't go in at the same time. We want to make sure to be able to watch you as you get in and get settled in. Remember to give the big OK sign."
She nodded - good and safe, the way she liked it.
"Once we're all in and ready to go, and I'll be looking at all of you to check, so make sure you keep your eyes on me, we'll be going down the anchor line at the back of the boat. If you are relatively new, make sure to go down nice and slow, give yourself time. We're not in a rush, and we want everyone to be comfortable. On the way back, we will end back at the anchor line. Make sure to do your ten meter rest stop!
"We will all gather together, and you can either hang onto the anchor line or float around a bit, but don't go off too far. When we get back up to the surface, just line up at the back of the boat - Ben will put down the ladder and help us all up. You will be wearing your tank into the boat - that's the easiest way. If you're tired and need help with it, just let Ben know. He's a pretty attentive guy, anyway," he added, winking at Ben. "Any questions?"
Head shakes again, all around. Too early for questions, Val knew, especially since Avi was doing a thorough job of describing things, with an easy confidence that reassured everyone. Maybe she should have been friendlier to him, she thought.
Avi went into the water first, watching the rest of them as they lined up and one by one on the step at the stern and splashed into the water using the giant step entry. Each one made the goofy OK sign with one of their arms curved, fingers touching the top of their heads, looking like bobbing Michelin tire dolls in their bulky get-ups.
Val positioned herself on the step at the stern of the boat, checked her mask, put her octopus in her mouth and bit down on it, holding on to it and her mask as she took her giant step into the water. The splash was always fun when the water wasn't too cold, and after the initial shock of getting completely wet, she leaned back and enjoyed the water seeping into her skins and fins, over her breasts and between her thighs. The water was warm enough that it made her feel delicious. She dipped her head under the surface to check her mask, pressed high on the nose piece to drain all the water that had crept in during her jump, and made sure the mask was airtight around her cheeks, nose and forehead. So far, so good.Let's dive, people.
When Tim jumped in, she noticed the hesitation, as if he'd made a pact with himself to jump in. He splashed and bobbed up to the surface awkwardly, then lost his octopus. Val was by his side in a few strokes, and noticed the bewildered stare behind his mask, and the water accumulating in it.
She took out her snorkel. "Tim, clear your mask."
He looked at her blankly. "Give Avi the OK sign, then clear the water from your mask."
He looked around, found Avi staring back at him, and waved an OK with his fingers and thumb.
"Uh uh, Tim, like this." Val reached her arm up to her head, touching the top with her fingertips, making a big O in the process that could be seen near and far.
"Uh, OK. I forgot," Tim said, and mimicked the scuba diving signal.
"Now, clear the water out of your mask. You often get some sneaking in when you first jump in, especially if the mask doesn't fit perfectly."
Tim fumbled with his mask and managed to clear a lot of the water out, leaving quite a bit still sloshing around. His mask was fogging up.
"Did you defog your mask?"
"I did. Maybe not enough. Maybe the water rinsed out the defogging stuff." She smiled noncommittally - defogger coatings lasted quite a while, especially the commercial kind they'd passed around on the boat; the likelihood was that he'd forgotten to do it, and had been too embarrassed to confess. Not a good sign for his experience.
"Well, why don't you do it again? You'll see much better. Just use your spit." She demonstrated, taking her mask off, spitting in each eye socket, rubbing the spit around to coat the entire lens, and then rinsing out the rest by sloshing the mask around in the water. He mirrored everything she did, including putting his mask back on.
"All good? Why don't you check that it's water tight?"
"It's good, it fits well. I'm OK,"Tim insisted, and she let him be.
Looking around she noticed people were disappearing from the water's surface, only bubbles remaining where the bobbing bodies had been earlier. Avi had gone down already, but Ben was hovering still on the back of the boat, watching her and Tim carefully. She gave him a nod, then looked at Tim.
"Ready to go down? Join the fun?"
"Yes, ma'am," Tim answered, his enthusiasm only slightly tinged with anxiety. Val figured he hadn't been diving long, and was still a bit insecure about it.
"All right, Tim. Easy does it. We'll go as slowly as you're comfortable with. The visibility looks great, and from Avi's description of the terrain, we'll have no problem seeing everyone, so there's no rush. OK?"
She pulled her release valve above her head and began letting air out of her BCD, slowly enough so she could comfortably watch Tim's descent. Something about his behavior worried her a bit, but she put it out of her mind as she concentrated on clearing her own sinuses as she expelled more and more air and sank farther below the water's surface.
The visibility was indeed over 50 feet, and she could already see fishes swimming by nonchalantly. The pairs of divers in the group were all below her, their streams of bubbles rising to the surface. She could see Avi floating away from the rest a bit, arms loosely folded in front of him and fins lazily waving back and forth, keeping himself level. She recognized his bright blue fins and the fluorescent green that tinged his mask. A few feet away Ylva floated next to him, her long blonde hair gathered in a pony tail that fanned out behind her. She floated quite gracefully in the water, keeping herself at a steady depth in a way that experienced divers did without even thinking about it.
After taking in her surroundings, Val turned her eyes back to where should have been, a few feet above her, and found no one. She looked up and saw him, struggling with his mask, fingers pressing the bridge of the nose, evidently trying to clear water from it. She pushed off with a fin and rose back to his level, taking in his panicked eyes and his struggle to not breathe in water.
She touched his arm to steady him, and saw his eyes becoming a bit calmer, but water was still accumulating in his mask. She pressed her own mask, clearing it, not because it was necessary but to show him how she did it. The water level had risen and had reached his eyes, which he shut in panic. His movements became more erratic and he reached out for her with both hands, holding his octopus only with his mouth. A fine thing to do for experienced divers, but not great for rookies. He started swallowing water and choking, trying to keep from swallowing more. She judged that he couldn't possibly have much air left in his lungs.
They had been under water for less than a minute and hadn't reached much below 30 feet, so she took his arm with her own and propelled them both steadily upwards. As his head broke the water surface, he let go of the octopus and began to cough, the deep, desperate cough of someone who'd been trying to hold his breath and had run out of air. She steadied him, making sure he was OK, then dipped her own head under the water. Avi was looking up at them and had begun on his way up, his dark brown eyes wide and full of concern. She quickly made the OK sign to reassure him, put her thumb up, and he stopped. At his questioning look, she touched her mask, and he nodded.
She lifted her head up above the surface again, finding Tim coughing but much less desperately than a few seconds earlier. Taking her snorkel out, she asked him:
"Tim, are you OK?"
"Yeah, sorry! Just couldn't clear my mask and kept taking water in. And then I had to close my eyes, and couldn't see anything. I panicked."
"No need, Tim, it's OK. Have you been diving long?"
She saw his discomfort.
"Tim, everyone has to learn it all in the beginning. It takes time getting comfortable with it, and you will. If you're up for it, let's practice clearing your mask," and she patiently took him through the motions until he seemed to get the hang of it. She could tell he'd learned before, but she'd bet her fins he hadn't had much occasion to practice.
"Ready?" When he nodded, she continued, "Let's try again. We'll take it slow. Don't worry, they won't be far. Avi will wait for us."
They descended again, slowly, without any hitches this time around. Val watched Tim as he moved more comfortably, beginning to relax enough that he looked around himself, taking in the marine life and just beginning to enjoy the diving.
She'd been right: Avi had waited for them. He'd led the rest of the group to hover around some Porites corals, the large mound structures radiating thick finger-like projections, nubbly and covered in slime. A slew of colorful fish, slashes of color, darted in and out of the crevices. Larger fish moved around the crowns of the coral mounds, unhurried, some grazing on the reef, others seemingly taking a mid-day promenade.
As they caught up to the rest of the group, she noticed Avi turning to look for them, and Val gave him the thumbs up. He nodded his acknowledgment and gave her a smile that crinkled his eyes behind his mask and dimpled his cheeks.
Val relaxed for the rest of the dive, which was uneventful except for the eels she saw, the angler fish, and the couple of small but spectacularly bright-colored nudibranchs, gracefully undulating their skirts in the water current.
***
Back on the boat, they relaxed after squirming out of their gear, everyone enjoying the warm sun on their naked shoulders. Val pulled off her skins and strung them up to dry a bit in the boat as the boat headed to their next dive site. They ate lunch and fell into easy conversation, exchanging stories of what they'd seen and how the dive site had compared with others visited. Books of marine life were pulled out to identify the fish seen.
Val enjoyed the sandwich and Greek-style salad that Ben had passed around, grabbed a bottle of sparkling water from the cooler, and settled on the bench, back against the gunnel, head back and eyes closed. She fell into a half-doze, thanking her lucky stars she didn't get sea-sick as the boat tackled some waves along the way.This was the life,she thought.
A brush of a warm hand on her upper arm made her open her eyes.
"Thank you for helping Tim out, Val," Avi said.
"No worries. Anyone would have done the same. He's still learning," she answered, enjoying the feel of his hand. She missed it when he took it away.
"His parents led me to believe he was a lot more experienced than he actually is. If I'd known, I wouldn't have buddied you up with him."
"Seriously, Avi, it was no big deal. He was fine after he relaxed. And I'm glad to have helped out with Ylva."
"What?" he looked at her, puzzled.
"I'm sure she needed some extra attention," Val told him with a wink and relaxing her face into a smile.
He looked at her askance, shaking his head slightly. "It's not what you think."
Val clinked her sparkling water bottle to his own. "Cheers, Avi. I enjoyed the dive."
He looked at his hands, now in his lap, and nodded silently. "I need to switch out the tanks before we get to the next site," he told her, and left her.
She followed him with her eyes, kicking herself for her rudeness. She couldn't quite figure out her awkwardness with him. Something about his manner and bearing made her nervous; he attracted her while at the same time she couldn't admit it to herself, and certainly couldn't let herself relax fully around him. But she couldn't put her finger on what bothered her.Oh well, serves him right.
They second dive took them through more beautiful waters, the character of the reefs different from the first site. The place was rich in marine diversity, though Val could detect tell-tale signs of wear and tear on the reef, the rough scrabble of fin-disturbed corals visible to the more experienced eye. Tim had buddied up with his father and Val with his mother, whose skills were very good. The group meandered along the reef, pointing and drawing each other's attention by light taps on the scuba tanks to various fishes and to the beautiful soft corals of the Japanese Gardens that were entrancing everyone.
Soon enough it was time to return to the boat, and the group made their way to the safety stop, hanging out at ten meters for the requisite couple of minutes to let their blood gases equilibrate normally. Too fast an ascent would result in the painful bends, due to gas bubbles forming in joints. They were all looking around lazily, self-satisfied smiles on their faces, when Ylva began to twitch erratically. Val happened to see her first and headed to her with a few powerful fin strokes, looking at the Swedish diver, trying to figure out what was going on.
Ylva's eyes had nearly rolled up into her head, and her mouth was contorting into funny shapes. Val looked around for Avi and found him pointing out a couple of reef sharks to some of the other divers. She tapped her tank in a pattern to draw his attention, and in less than a minute he had reached them.
Val pointed to Ylva's eyes and mouth. Avi pointed to his dive watch, checked Ylva's own watch and air gauge and, satisfied, he gestured to Val to take Ylva's left arm, while he took Ylva's right. They surfaced in a few minutes, Val noticing that Ylva's eyes had become invisible, and that saliva was leaking around her octopus. Ylva and Avi signaled to Ben, who shouted to Yoel to bring the boat around. As soon as Ben could reach her, Avi helped Ben lift Ylva onto the boat and followed her up, shedding his BCD as soon as he stood up on deck.
"What's wrong with her?" Val asked, as she made her way onto the boat.
"Not sure, but it looks like she may have some sort of epileptic seizure."
"Epilepsy?" Val was astounded. "You let epileptics dive here?"
"I don't know for sure that that's what she has, but I suspect it, based on her symptoms. Help me - we need to make sure she doesn't hurt herself and doesn't bang her head against the side of the boat. Or swallow her tongue. And if she throws up, we need to keep her head sideways, so she doesn't choke."
Val followed his lead and tried to make herself useful. Avi shouted to Ben, who was helping everyone up.
"Everyone, stow your gear out of the way and please sit down. We're going to need to get back to shore in a hurry. Get ready for a bumpy ride, as they say...," and he shouted out to Ben in staccato Hebrew. Ben disappeared into the cabin for a minute, than reappeared, giving Avi a nod in return and kneeling at Ylva's side. Together, they kept her immobilized as the boat began the ride back to shore, taking off with much more speed than on the way out.
"Val, please, can you help Ben hold her? I need to call for an ambulance."
"Sure thing," she said and took his place next to the woman lying prone on the deck, still twitching but beginning to shake. "Ben, do you have any blankets? I'll hold her while you go look. Bring whatever you have, she looks like she may be going into shock."
She looked around at the others, and called to Tim's father, who immediately took Ben's place as Ben rose and again disappeared into the cabin, to reappear shortly with some blankets in his arms. The three of them worked together to wrap her, partly to keep her warm and partly to keep her from hurting herself as she twitched, hitting the deck with her head and heels. After what seemed like too long, Ylva's involuntary shudders subsided and her muscles seemed to relax a bit. The skin on her face, neck and chest was clammy.
Avi had returned and assessed the situation. "I think she'll be OK. For safety, let's keep a really close eye on her. I'll stay near her, and please, I'd like one of you to stay with me, just in case something happens suddenly. But I think she's worn herself out." He looked up at the approaching shore. "We'll be docking shortly. Paramedics are on their way."
Everyone else in the group dispersed to organize their belongings, getting ready to debark. People were talking quietly, throwing occasional sympathetic glances over their shoulders at Ylva.
About ten minutes later they had docked. A couple of tall, burly guys, one with a large bag, immediately boarded. The one with the bag got on one knee next to Ylva and started out by checking her eyes and pulse, then pulled out a stethoscope and continued his examination.
"So what happened?" the other paramedic asked. Avi explained, then stepped back.
"I think she'll be all right," the medic on his knee stated, "but we'll take her in for observation. I think it would be best to have a doctor see her. Did anyone notice anything out of the ordinary that may have set her off?"
Ylva was starting to come to, eyes fluttering.
"I think Val was the first to notice something was wrong. We were doing our safety stop, and I was showing a few people some reef sharks near the rest of the group, but I had my back turned."
"Nothing specific set it off that I could see," Val answered the paramedic. "She just began to behave erratically."
"All right, folks. We'll take all your contact information when we get to shore, and we might need to follow up after we talk to her. Sir, are you the one in charge?" he asked Avi.
"I'm the dive master, but I'm filling in for someone else. I fill in when I can. I have all my certifications in my dive bag, if you want to see them."
"Eventually we'll need to take a look, for our paperwork. And we'll need to speak to the captain as soon as he's available, just to cover all the bases."
Avi nodded towards Yoel, who was coming down. Ben had already helped everyone else off the boat.
"One more thing," the paramedic said. "We'll need to check the air tanks." Both the captain and Avi nodded.
"We'll leave everything as it is until you tell us it's OK to move. The boat doesn't have another trip for a couple of days. The usual DM is sick, and Avi is unavailable tomorrow or the day after."
The medics had moved Ylva off the boat in a gurney, and Val, realizing she was no longer needed, grabbed her dive gear and followed the gurney off the boat.
"Val!"
She heard Avi's call and turned to see him running after her.
"I really need to thank you," he said. You were outstanding."
"Thanks, Avi, but I did nothing special. I'm glad it wasn't worse." She paused. "You knew, didn't you? That she was epileptic? Was that why you buddied up with her?"
He nodded. "She asked me for a special favor. She's a friend of one of my army buds. She assured me it was very unlikely that anything would happen. She loves to dive, but doesn't often have the chance to do it. Most dive boats look at her health record and turn her away."
"Why didn't you? Or Yoel?"
"Because one of my brothers is epileptic. Most of the time he's fine, and it's kept under controlled with drugs. But it affects everything. People just worry around him all the time, as if he's too fragile to live. Listen, thanks again. Are you off to Petra tomorrow?"
She nodded.
"I may see you again, then. I think they may have assigned me to escort the bus. We always send an escort, just in case."
He stepped up to her and embraced her tightly. She felt her chest smashed up against his, hard muscles pressing against her breasts. His arms pulled her impossibly tight, his face buried in her neck, then gave her a peck on her cheek. He felt so good in her arms, she wondered what had kept her apart from him.
When she thought he'd let her go, he pulled her in again and kissed her lips. He lingered, his mouth pressing against her own, his firm full lips warm and demanding. A moan escaped her, and she parted her own lips, feeling his pelvis pressed against her, his leg muscles corded tightly against her own thighs. His tongue entered her mouth and felt her own tongue, danced against it, exploring her mouth, her teeth, lingering and stroking. She arched into him, involuntarily. Her body wanted him, that much was clear. And while pulling back, the outline of his hard shaft against her lower stomach made had already imprinted on her as he bucked slightly against her.
He left his hand on her jaw and cheek for a few more seconds, his eyes boring into her own. "Val."
"Avi."
They each nodded, a bit awkwardly, and he smiled. "You still have my number?"
She smiled. "Yes, soldier."
"Call me if anything comes up. Please."
She nodded, pulled her bag farther up her shoulder, and walked away to her rental car. The man had, in less than a couple of minutes, scrambled her brain cells.
~~~~~
The trip to Petra
Val parked in the corner of the same lot where the large tourist bus overwhelmed the cars around it. People milled near the bus, checking in with the guide who stood near the front checking off the names of the tourists on his list.
When she walked up, he nodded at her paper. "One day or two?"
"The two-day trip. Will my car be OK here? I tried to leave it out of the way."
"Yea, should be fine. Good call on the two-day, lots to see."
"By the way, do we need any special clothing? It's pretty hot, so I'd rather not wear long pants or long anything, for that matter, but if I have to, I have spares in the car..."
"The Jordanians are pretty laid back, but it's always a good idea to have a headscarf with you." He looked at her legs and she did the same. "You're OK," he said. "It's Jordan, not Iran."
She'd worn a light bias-cut skirt whose hem flirted comfortably mid-thigh, short but not outrageous, and black Converse high-tops over rolled down socks. Her flip-flops and another change of clothes together with a small bathroom kit were stuffed in a small backpack. A small satchel held her phone, passport, wallet and the smallest electronic SLR camera she could find. She'd also tucked a small guidebook on Petra into her backpack, though she was pretty sure she'd want to buy something else there.
She climbed on the bus and proceeded towards the back, picking a seat near the window so she could both watch the scenery and doze off if the mood struck her. Bus rides and train rides were good times to think. She hoped no one would take the seat next to her so she'd have more room to stretch out. After stowing her backpack in the overhead rack, she slid into her seat, took out her book, and made herself comfortable.
***
They'd started off about a half hour later. The bus had about 30 or so passengers of various ages and dress styles, placing them in different corners of the globe, but mostly Western developed nations. Val's eyes had drifted over the fairly stark landscape, the highway quite new and smoothly paved. Along the way, after having turned north away from Aqaba, they'd passed only small villages and light traffic.
Eventually, as she woke up from a nap and let her eyes wonder and her brain zone, she realized they had an escort, a large army-green Jeep that stayed closely with them the entire time. She didn't know whether it was Israeli or Jordanian, and decided it was not worth figuring it out.
"Folks, we're going to take a break shortly for a rest stop and a chance to grab a snack if you are so inclined. This is also where the Jordanian authorities will look at your passports, so we will collect them from you now, and return them to you after you get back on board."
The same guide she'd talked to before boarding the bus made the announcement in his heavily Hebrew-accented English. He began the trip down the narrow aisle, using a wide stance to balance himself and leaving his hands free to carry the pad on which he was checking off the names of those he'd collected passports from and the box into which he was placing them. The backs of the bus seats were too high for her to get much of a view of him but what she saw of him was quite pleasing, deeply tanned skin with curly light brown hair and brown eyes.
When he reached her seat, he propped his hip against one of the backrests and let his smiling eyes wander to her legs, left knee against the seat-back in front of her, right knee stretched diagonally forward for extra space. She realized her pose had lifted the hem of her skirt rather higher on her thighs, draped rather suggestively between them.
"Comfortably cool, miss?"
She laughed. "Yeah, I am, thank you. Here you go," she said, handing him her passport. He winked as he took it and continued on his trip to the back.
When they reached the parking lot, they all filed off the bus and meandered to the building holding a café, restaurant, and small convenience store, modeled after a rest stop in the US. She grabbed herself a sweet Turkish coffee, a rare treat, the liquid dark brown and thick served in a tiny porcelain cup even in this out-of-the-way place. She thought of little girls' delicate tea sets as she found a table and placed the cup on it, stretching out her legs to relieve her muscle cramps. She reached for the small almond cookie that sat on the saucer, dipping it in the coffee and bringing it to her lips.
"Do those go all the way up, miss?" a familiar voice startled her.
She raised her head to meet the liquid deep-brown eyes. "Avi. Are you stalking me?"
"You're stalk-worthy material, Val, don't get me wrong, but no. I told you, it's one of my occasional jobs, accompanying the tourist buses."
"Why didn't you tell me yesterday?"
"I didn't know for sure they would send me. And frankly, I couldn't have anyway. No one is supposed to know until the last minute. Security measure."
"Ah. Hey, what happened with Ylva?"
"She'll be all right. The hard exercise induced her epilepsy. I guess she didn't feel the exhaustion, but it happens in some people, so they told me. May I join you?"
"Are you allowed? Aren't you supposed to be working?"
"I'm on my break. I can sit with you, if you'll have me."
"Be my guest. I'm enjoying some Turkish coffee. Not easy to get stateside."
"Yeah, I know. I like it but it's a bit thick for me."
She smiled at him. "If you get one, I can tell your fortune."
"Oh yeah?" he laughed. "More and more surprises. How are you going to do that with Turkish coffee?"
"I can't, unless you get one and drink it."
"Are you a good fortune teller? Is it going to be worth my acid reflux?"
"You never know until you try it and see," she winked.
"All right, you convinced me. I'll be right back."
He stepped into the café and brought back a small cup and a sandwich. They sat back companionably, exchanging dive stories and sipping their bittersweet coffee until only the dregs were left coating the bottom of their cups.
"Leave a bit of liquid behind," she told him. She swirled the dregs up in the liquid, watching the thick slurry leaving residue up the sides of the up. Then in a swift motion she up-turned the cup in the saucer and let it sit.
She laughed at his inquisitive glance. "It's like reading tea leaves. My aunt taught me. She learned it in the old country. She does all sorts of things like this, like throw Tarot cards. But she really went all poetic on us when reading coffee grinds. She can really spin a tale. I won't be anywhere as good as she is."
He put his hand over hers as she rested it next to his cup, rubbing his thumb over the back of her hand. Val watched his thumb's sway back and forth, then lifted her eyes up to meet his.
"You feel familiar to me, somehow. I don't know why," he said, his voice low.
"Avi, I'm not sure how good I'd be at a whirlwind affair."
"In my experience, rather rusty now, these things have a way of working themselves out. They either work or don't work. You don't have to think too much about them."
She nodded. "We either fit or don't fit, I know. I think too much. But I can't help it. It's that kind of a trip."
"What do you mean?"
"If you don't mind, I'd rather not give you more details. I know, I brought it up, and now I should elaborate, but if you don't mind, let's leave it there."
"As you wish. Why don't you tell me my fortune?"
She was about to start when a three blustery figures in dark green uniforms with large brass crescent moons on their belt buckles walked up to their table. She assumed they must be Jordanian army or some military policemen.
"Identification papers, please," they said, rather aggressively.
"I'm with the tour bus over there." Val pointed to the parking lot. "I gave my passport to the guide, to give to the authorities."
"OK, miss. And you?"
"The same," Avi said.
Val wandered what had made him stretch the truth as he did.
"You're in Israeli army uniform. Papers, please," the largest one barked at him.
"Just ran out of clean clothes for the trip," Avi answered calmly.
"He's telling the truth," Val piped up. "He's my boyfriend. I told him I wasn't going to do his laundry for him as well as cook and clean. He'd have to marry me for that," she giggled a little, moving her leg and making the skirt's hem ride up a little farther up her thigh.
The Jordanian, if indeed that's what he was, obediently dropped his eyes to her leg. As nonchalantly as she could, she dropped her hand into her lap in a way that brought the skirt down between her legs and made the hem ride even higher up her thighs. She curled her fingers inward, pointing between her legs in what she hoped was a distracting movement. The Jordanian licked his lips.
"Darling, I know, I know. You're such a good... cook," Avi said, leaning forward and placing his hand familiarly on her thigh. "And it serves me right, having to wear this heavy uniform." As he said the last thing, he swiped his hand slowly up her thigh and down between her legs, his fingertips almost touching the juncture. Then he pulled his hand back, dragging the skirt with it and covering her thigh as much as the length of the material allowed.
"Bring your skirt, down, darling. We've talked about your lack of modesty before,"
Throughout his little speech, Val bit the inside of her cheek, making sure she didn't flinch at his touch or act in any way that would give them up. She didn't know what was going on, but she felt drawn to Avi and wasn't about to feed him to the Jordanians. But as his fingertips had nearly touched her pussy, she felt moisture leak from it into her panties, and had to rein herself in tightly to keep from squirming in her seat.
"OK. We'll check both your passports. You're both going to Petra?"
"Yes, of course. Isn't everyone on the bus?" Val said, a touch saucily.
Avi's hand tightened on her thigh just enough that she could feel it.
"Are you staying one day or two days?"
"Two. We're spending tonight in a hotel in Petra. I think it's all in the tour company's files." Val didn't want to sound defensive, giving more details than strictly necessary. She did, however, realize that she had signed herself and Avi up for a night together in the same hotel room.
"Well, I hope you enjoy the trip," the self-appointed spokesman said and, with a quick glance at his two companions, turned and walked off, the others following.
Avi's hand on her thigh relaxed a bit but didn't move, and she wasn't sure whether that was in case the Jordanians returned or if he was worried that they were being watched by another, or whether he was trying to reassure her.
"Thank you, Val. You didn't have to take the story quite that far, but you made it much more believable."
"I didn't know how far to take it. Anyway, we can figure out a way to get out of the spending the night together."
"I'm afraid not. They will be watching me. I think they're looking for me, from the way they acted. And anyway, I don't want to get out of spending the night with you."
"Avi," she said, warning in her voice, "just because we'll be in the same room doesn't mean anything. Doesn't mean I'll sleep with you."
"Of course. I'll behave. I promise to be a gentleman. Or as much a gentleman as you want me to be. But I think they're calling us back to the bus," he said, rising and giving her his hand to help her up.
His hand was warm, like the rest of him had been yesterday, and his fingers closed over hers in a reassuring gesture. She knew he would hold himself to be a gentleman. She had told him that's what she wanted. She was not, however, convinced that she'd spoken the truth.
"Darling, I need to go to the restroom. And I'll communicate with my comrades in the Jeep from there. I have to ride the bus with you - it would look too strange if you rode the bus and I rode in the Jeep."
She nodded and took the opportunity to use the women's room. When they arrived at the bus, he put his hand lightly but possessively on the small of her back, and she felt his fingers trail down her butt and brush her naked leg below the hem of her skirt as she climbed the steps. She led the way to her seat and thanked the fates that she'd had no seat mate.
***
When they arrived in Petra, they were split up from the single day-trippers and led to the hotel to check in. They'd been given entrance tickets and told they were free to visit the "city" at their own pace as long as they were at the meeting place to catch the bus back by 4 pm the next day.
Val quickly scanned the cute and intimately small room, left her backpack on a chair, and washed her face. Avi had produced a small duffel that had presumably been in the Jeep. As she heard him use the toilet, she shook her head at how she'd gotten herself into this predicament. What was she doing with a near-stranger in the same room, listening to him pee in "her" toilet? This trip had turned into something a bit different from how she had imagined it.Just go with the flow, Val.Then she laughed at her own pun as she heard the last of his stream.
"Are you ready to play tourist?" she asked him a little uncertainly as he came out of the bathroom.
"Actually, yes. I love Petra. It's a spectacular place. You know, there's an old poem about it."
"Do you know it by heart?"
"I do. I will recite if for you if you wish, but not until we walk into it a bit."
She nodded decisively, and led the way downstairs.
They wandered down the road leading into Petra, the red rock walls rising all of a sudden and looming high above them, keeping out the hot sun. Despite the dry desert heat that had been nearly unbearable, their walk was shaded and cool. The rock walls rose straight up in some places, while in others they bore in on them ominously.
The road twisted and turned, wide enough for no more than two or three riding abreast, and Val wondered if the purpose of the serpentines had been to slow down unfriendly visitors or marauders. Looking up at the walls, she marveled at how long it must have taken to dig out the path through the heart of the mountain, and imagined the city's defenders hiding in the shadowy niches barely visible here and there high above them.
She wondered about the serpentine pathways to her own heart, and thought wistfully that Josh might have been the one to accompany her here rather than Avi. But Josh had recoiled from her in the end. It was she who'd sent him to his death. Her chest constricted, and it took everything she had to hide the physical pangs that overwhelmed her all of a sudden.
As if on cue, Avi put his arm around her and pulled her into him. When they arrived at the Al-Khazneh, the so-called Treasury, he began pointing out the features and history of Petra while they looked up at the immense Greek bi-level façade with its huge columns incongruously carved into the canyon walls. It was there that he recited to her the poem by John William Burgon:
It seems no work of Man's creative hand,
by labour wrought as wavering fancy planned;
But from the rock as if by magic grown,
eternal, silent, beautiful, alone!
Not virgin-white like that old Doric shrine,
where erst Athena held her rites divine;
Not saintly-grey, like many a minster fane,
that crowns the hill and consecrates the plain;
But rose-red as if the blush of dawn,
that first beheld them were not yet withdrawn;
The hues of youth upon a brow of woe,
which Man deemed old two thousand years ago,
match me such marvel save in Eastern clime,
a rose-red city half as old as time.
She took his hand and pressed his fingers in hers, moved by the combination of the Rose City around her, the poem that described it so well, and his attention. He was being romantic, and she was falling farther and farther for it.
They had meandered past The Treasury and out into the open valley, where more buildings had been carved into the walls of the mountain. On their left, carved in the gently sloped hillside sat the theater, and they climbed up to the top and sat on one of the benches, resting and looking over the valley vista, a mixture of stately carvings and boulders cascaded all over themselves. If she closed her eyes, she could almost hear the bustle of horses, camels, donkeys and people, the sounds of the ancient Nabataean center of caravans.
Avi tugged on her hand and she rose, following him farther up the hillside to the caves they had seen. The heat was getting to both of them despite the sun's descent and the lengthened shadows, and they had to stop and sip their water often. The darkness of the caves was inviting. Inside one, Avi led her to one of the wide benches carved into the walls on either side. He pulled her head to his and kissed her mouth deeply, then lifted her hair and planted small kisses all the way down from behind her ear down the column of her neck to the left clavicle, then moved to her right and repeated the process in reverse. She closed her eyes, lost in the touch of his lips.
"I have wanted to see your breasts again ever since I first saw them in Avdat," he said. "May I?"
At her looking around, lingering to the front of the cave where others might wander in, he whispered, "There aren't going to be many tourists coming up here at this time. The day trippers are on their way back to the buses, and it's getting to be cocktail hour for the others who're staying the night."
She nodded, and let him push her shirt up and over her head. The contrast between the warmth of his hands, long fingers spread out on her ribcage, and the cool air moving around the cave made her draw in her breath. He sat down on the bench and pulled her between her knees, pushing her bra up and releasing her full breasts.
She looked down as his mouth closed on one nipple, standing prominently to attention, caressed by his breath and his swirling tongue. His touch became more forceful and he switched to teeth, gnawing on the swollen nubs of flesh he held. When the pain became sharper, he closed his lips around the areola and sucked while his teeth still gnawed on the nipple. She arched her back, pushing her breast farther into his mouth.
"Ahhhh," she moaned, and he released one breast and moved to the other. "Avi!"
He released her second nipple and rubbed his nose in her cleavage, pushing her breasts together, using his tongue to lick the sweat that coated her. His hands ran down her back, thumbs pressing into her spinal cord. When he reached the elastic waistline, he looked into her eyes, looking for an answer to his unspoken questions. She gave it to him, and he slid the skirt down around her thighs, past her knees, and helped her feet out of it. He wrapped his large hands around her thighs, bringing her mound to his nose, inhaling deeply.
She felt his shudder as he drew in her scent.
"Oh, Val! You are so wet, so slippery! I love your scent," he said, inhaling her again as if he was sucking in life-giving water.
He used his tongue to lap up the juices that had run down the inside of her thighs, first one and then the other, and buried his nose into her pussy, pushing her panties into the cleft between her swollen labia. She couldn't restrain the movement of her hips pushing her pubis into his mouth, and he suckled her like a wild man through the silky fabric that was sopping wet from her juices.
When he pushed the fabric aside with his nose and rubbed her mound downwards, reaching her clit and going back and forth, up and down, she moaned loudly and ground herself against him. He slid her panties down and spent a few seconds sniffing them deeply, eyes closed and nostrils flaring broadly, then returned his mouth to her mound.
Val looked down at the top of his head, running her fingers through his soft curls and pulling him to her harder. His tongue had insinuated itself between her labia and she felt his saliva mix with her own viscosity, the tongue shoving deep into her as his hands, spread wide on her ass, pulled her into his mouth, against his teeth, pushing his tongue as deep as it could possibly go.
"Please, Avi!"
"Please what?" he managed in a rasp.
"Please... suck my clit."
Avi grinned, teasingly: "With pleasure, my dear."
He then lowered his face to her glistening cunt and proceeded to suck on her, at first tentatively, then more and more desperately as he began to savor her taste and texture, flicking her clit with his tongue back and forth. He sucked to either side and licked her above and below her swollen, prominent clit, shoving his tongue into her again and again. Soon he added his hand, those long elegant fingers she remembered from when he'd helped her with her BCD, and which had held the weight of her breasts, probed her deep, his firm touch making her suck air in between her teeth.
He looked up at her briefly, seeming to register her half-closed eyes and the bucking of her hips, now much more insistent. And as he continued sucking hard on her clit and pumping his fingers in and out of her pussy, she dug her fingers into his shoulders, not knowing how hard was too hard and losing the ability to care. His fingertips grazed her G-spot and his thumb rasped against the top of her vulva, and she suddenly felt the inexorable climb and clenching of her muscles and the spasms that took her over, delicious and uncontrollable.
She held onto him, every muscle clenched as the spasms peaked and then, slowly, began to subside. She took his head between her hands and kissed his lips, nose, and eyes, keeping her own eyes closed. She sucked her own juices off his mouth and nose and chin, letting her mouth express every wild and wanton feeling and thought she'd had since she'd last been fucked by a man. When the picture of Josh came to her, she opened her eyes and looked into Avi's. His were much darker than Josh's. He was not Josh. Josh would never again be with her like this.
"Avi, I want you to cum in me. I want you to take me, hard!"
She tugged on his arms, encouraging him to stand. Her hands trembled and she fumbled with his waistband and belt until, taking pity on both of them, he undid the buckle for her. As her hands pulled down the zipper of his army fatigues, she felt the hard shaft pressing against her. He was completely naked underneath, and she didn't resist the impulse to take her in her fingers, slide down in front of him, and run her mouth and chin in the soft curls surrounding the base of his cock.
He had a long, shapely cock and her mouth watered as she touched it gently with her nose and lips. When she finally wrapped lips around it, he groaned and let her pull him more deeply into her mouth. She ran her tongue along the long vein that led to the small notch at the base of the helmet, and sucked him in again and again, her cheeks tight against his shaft. But she didn't want him to cum in her mouth, not the first time.
She stood and turned and, stepping forward, she propped her hands on the bench in front of her and looked at him over her shoulder.
"Cum in me, Avi. Take me!"
"Let me pull on a condom."
"Are you clean?"
"We get tested regularly. I am clean, darling. Are you sure? Are you clean, are you protected?"
She nodded and turned away from her, bending her head forward and rubbing her ass cheeks against his cock. She felt him probing her with the head, moving his cock up and down against her vulva, becoming slick with her drippings.
"Please, god!"
He slid his cock into her, a smooth entry, while she, head thrown back, squeezed him with her cunt's muscles, sucking him even farther into her. He began the timeless rhythm in and out of her, his cock setting the walls of her cunt aflame as he filled her perfectly, the head scraping against her G-spot and his balls slapping against her ass. She could no longer tell whether he was pulling her or she was pushing into him, and they fell into a perfect dance in which they moved together, stroking in and out. At his deepest, he rubbed against her cervix and she screamed like a wild animal.
"I'm cumming, Val! Please, please, cum with me, I can't... I can't hold back!" and as he erupted his seed into her, her cunt closed on him and she joined his spasms, magnified. She felt completely filled by him and with him.
He relaxed his head against her back and his arms embraced her, strong and tight and needy. As his cock slowly slid out of her, his seed spilled out of her, running down her legs. She turned and sat on the bench, leaning her head and back against the wall. He crouched in front of her, and leaned his head on her thigh, mouth near her cum-filled cunt. When she felt his mouth move again towards her cunt, she moved her hips towards him.
"Avi..."
He put his lips on her labia and sucked the mixture of his juices and hers into his mouth, the suction arousing her and bringing on another spasm. Then he raised his head to her and smiled, and she lowered her mouth to his. They shared their fluids, thick and salty, a slight tangy aftertaste she couldn't assign to herself or to him. When they ran out of air and had to break off the kiss, they looked into each other's eyes and were lost.
"Come sit next to me," she patted the bench next to her. "Thank you."
"Thank you, Val."
His hand loosely around her waist, he pulled her head to his chest and they relaxed, feeling and listening to their heartbeats. She thought about how comfortable and relaxed she felt around him. Just like she'd felt with Josh. Strange, she thought she might have felt guilty, as if cheating on Josh's memory. Avi was definitely Josh, no mistaking the two. But Josh would have liked Avi, she was sure of it, and would have approved.
"So, I hate to break the mood, but I'm starving. Lunch was a little rushed," he chuckled.
"Yes, I hear faint rumbles that may be coming from your stomach. Come to think of it, me too."
"There are two restaurants near our hotel that are really good."
"What kind of food?" she asked.
"One is sort of French-Lebanese. The other serves awesome seafood, brought fresh over from Aqaba. We're not that far here. That's why it was such an important trade route."
"Hmmmm... which one is better?"
"Well, I love seafood. Can never get enough. What about you?"
"The French-Lebanese place sounded kind of interesting. Not what I normally get."
"Then we'll go there!"
"But you wanted seafood. I love seafood, too. Tell you what. Let's do rock, paper, scissors. That's how we'll decide."
She felt him stiffen under her. "What's wrong?"
"No, nothing. Let's do it," he said, and held his hand between them.
When he won the first time, she asked, smiling, "Two out of three?"
***
Waiting for their food in the French-Lebanese restaurant, they sipped their wine and relaxed, exchanging chit-chat. Avi had entertained her with stories of army life, and she had reciprocated with funny stories of her family and her job. When it came, the food was elegantly served and delicious, and Val relaxed even more. The date sorbet served with honey and nuts completed the meal. As she was finishing her dessert, Avi pushed a letter across the table to her. The envelope was addressed to her, in Josh's handwriting.
She took the envelope and turned it over, noticing the open flap. She flicked at it and looked up at Avi.
"How did you get this, Avi? Did you know Josh?"
He nodded. "He was in my unit. We'd worked together. He was there all the time, while I'm in service only one month out of the year these days, and on call as they need me. We'd become close friends. He confided in me sometimes, looked up to me. I guess because I was older."
She touched the envelope again. "Why did this not get to my family? Why do you have it?"
He hesitated just a few seconds. "That letter was for you alone, Val. He wantedyouto see it, not your family."
She had noticed his hesitation, and gave him a hard stare.
"Avi, how did he die? We never learned any details."
Avi looked down at his hands, then up at her.
"I'd like you to read the letter first, Val."
"OK. But not here."
He paid for their meal after insisting it was his treat. Val, eager to leave the restaurant, gave in. They walked back and she found a bench outside their hotel, sat down, and held the letter in her lap for a while, silent. The scent of night-blooming jasmine wafted through the air from the pots of flowers on the porch. Avi leaned on the wall nearby for support.
She looked at him, his tall frame comfortably poised, arms crossed in front. According to the psychobabble she'd picked up, his stance was associated with people hiding something. She wondered how true that was, and if it might have to do with her and her cousin. She looked back at her lap and finally took out the single page, written front and back in Josh's sloping and nearly illegible script.
My dearest Valerie,
You have been the most precious thing in my life, my closest friend, my most ardent lover. But I couldn't stay in the US with you - it was never home for me. And I couldn't make you see how much I needed to return home.
I had to come back and replant myself here. It wasn't about us, my love. I never doubted that our families would come to terms with us and our love for each other, even if some among them would have been angry with us at first. I never thought our love was wrong. More than anything, I feared that you thought that.
My dearest, I returned to pay back a debt I felt I owed, to my father, my family, even to you. To make this place home. And perhaps, in time, a home for us.
I have only ever loved you, and will love you always.
Your devoted Josh.
"You read it?" she asked, not looking at Avi.
"Yes, I did. He gave it to me for you, right before he left on his last mission. He wanted me to give it to you in person. He wasn't sure he'd make it back, and he wanted you to know how much he cared for you. But nothing about his last mission was made public, and neither of us could have mailed it. And anyway, I really had to meet you in person - give it to you directly. His last wish."
"But you had no way of knowing I'd come."
"The colonel knew. Your aunt wrote him that you might show up. He mentioned it to me because he knew we were close, and that I'd be down there about the same time."
"And you had no idea what I looked like..."
"Well, I sort of figured it out during the car trip to Eilat. You look quite a bit like Josh. Even Dov, the guard at the military compound in Eilat, remarked that you looked very familiar when he saw you. I thought about it, looked up some of his pictures, then looked at his file and family. I knew your name, so I Googled you. I put it all together pretty easily."
"Why didn't you give me the letter during the diving trip? Or tell me you knew Josh?" But even as she said it, she knew the answer.
"That was my intent. Then Ylva's epileptic seizure made that impossible. I stayed with her at the hospital until she got over the hump. Then the cops wanted to make sure it wasn't my fault, or the captain's. And check whether something was wrong with the tanks. Anyway, I felt responsible for that whole episode."
"Why?
"I should have said no, that she couldn't dive. But she begged me so much. She's always being told "no". She said she'd been seizure-free for over five years, which is what the docs recommend."
"So you couldn't talk to me then. So you arranged to follow me here?"
"Val, all of the tourbuses to Petra are accompanied by teams from our unit. It's part of our job down here. I just told the colonel that you were going, and explained a bit why I needed to talk to you."
She looked at him long and hard.
"Avi, I still don't understand. Whydidyou need to talk to me? You could have easily tracked down my address in the States."
"Yea, I could have. But I worried about just mailing it. Listen, Val... in the last few weeks before leaving on that last mission, he became listless. Dragging around, not talking to anyone much, never going out with the rest of unit. It was really unlike him, at least for someone like me, who knew him so well. I tried to get him to talk. He did a bit, about home. About you."
Avi took a deep breath and continued, slowly, looking into her eyes.
"And Josh died cleaning his service weapon. That is pretty damn unlikely for someone so used to doing that, like we are, day in and day out. So unlikely that some think Josh committed suicide."
Val didn't recognize the wail that came out of her chest, and it was seconds before she realized he'd gathered her in his arms, and that her head was tucked into his chest, which muffled her screams.
"Shhh, shhh, shhh. Val, oh Val."
"Do... do you think that?"
"I don't know. I really don't know. It's not such an uncommon accident, when you look at the stats. But he was careful and experienced. The only thing I can imagine that would drive him to it is that he was really depressed about something. I really don't know what. It could have been something else, having to do with the mission. At any rate, how could I tell you any of that by mail? I knew how much he loved you, and he'd read me a couple of your letters. I knew how much you loved him."
She could barely get enough air into her lungs to keep breathing, and her voice came out distorted by tears and anguish. He somehow managed to lead her into the hotel and up to their room. He'd held her for what seemed like hours as she alternately cried and fell into a light sleep. Each time she awoke, he was there, his arms tight and warm and comforting around her.
Eventually she ran out of tears for herself and for Josh. Until she thought about them, his making love to her in the cave in Petra, releasing a new bout of tears. Was that real? Had he done it as a way to insinuate himself into her good graces? Atone for something? That didn't make sense. Finally those tears subsided as well, as she decided that only time would give her the answer.
It was already the early hours of morning, dawn barely peeking through the thin voile curtains, and she got up to visit the bathroom. When she came back, he was awake, looking at her and making sure she was all right.
"Avi, we better get some sleep. Which side of the bed do you want?"
"I don't care. How about the one closer to the window?"
"Rock paper scissors. Come on." She won the round.
He threw up his arms in mock exasperation.
"Two out of three?"
The end.
~~~~~
Dear reader, I hope you have enjoyed the story. If you have, please don't forget to vote and comment - comments brighten my day.