This is the first story I've written in quite a while, so I'm definitely hoping for some comments and suggestions. I'm thinking I might continue a story with these characters for a while yet. Hope to hear from you all. Feel free to email me.
*
God the sun felt great on Seamus' skin. How long had it been since he'd been able to relax just like he did just now? It definitely had been months since he was able to sit around free like he was now. His skin shone from the sun tan oil he was wearing, his muscles bulging from the heat of the day. The sun was high into the sky by now and he couldn't help but get up and spray himself with the hose, causing his skin to glisten even more than it already was.
Seamus got back from the hose right when the wind picked up causing him to cool off immediately. The wind played across his skin causing goose bumps to form and making his nipples harden. He closed his eyes at the feeling letting the sensation build as the wind continued to blow. So much of what was happening right now reminded him about many other times in which he had been outside naked. The last was with his previous girlfriend, they had made love outside at least once a month. These thoughts caused his cock so slowly stand up. He smiled at his thoughts and the reaction he had to them.
He remembered almost too vividly of one of those encounters. Soon he was completely erect and dying for sex of any type, even if it was just him pleasing himself. Finally getting the courage to sit down and finally appease the desire deep within him. He leaned back in the chair spreading his legs letting his head touch his stomach. He slowly ran his fingers along his engorged penis. His balls contracted pulling up closer to his body. His fingers slowly playing across the shaft of his penis was like heaven to him right now.
He continued to tease himself ever so slowly until finally it was just too much for him. He grabbed his shaft and gently began to stroke himself in earnest. The feeling was even better than the teasing he gave himself before. Up and down his fist pumped his shaft. Soon a drop of pre-cum had formed on his head slowly getting bigger. Seamus couldn't help himself, with his free hand he wiped up the pre-cum onto a finger and popped it into his mouth. He had always enjoyed that taste; he even enjoyed the taste of his cum even more. It was something that he shared with no one else. His eyes were closed as he mulled over and enjoyed the taste of himself when he heard a quiet gasp. Immediately he opened his eyes and there stood Heather a girl who lived in the area.
"Oh god, I'm sorry," Seamus stammered. He tried to cover himself up as best as he could as shame filled his face causing him to flush with embarrassment. He stood up and turned quickly to try and hide himself more than before. "I was just enjoying the sun and well didn't hear you come around the deck."
"It's ok, Seamus. I should have said something earlier but well I have never seen a guy do that before. Did you want me to go get you your towel or something?" Heather couldn't help bite her lip as she looked at Seamus' toned ass, the slight tan that his whole body had caused her own juices to begin to flow.
"No it's ok if you don't mind I'll head inside real fast, grab something to put on and also something to drink and then I'll see what you came by for." With a nod from Heather, Seamus disappeared into the house only to reemerge only a minute later with several sodas.
"So Heather, what brings you by here?"
"Well my parents are gone for a while and I was a bit lonely. I was just wondering if I could spend some time here hanging out with you."
"What about your friends? I mean sure it's ok if you want to hang out here for a bit, but really spending time with friends is a good thing as well."
"Well that's the problem, they all ditched me to go to the beach for the weekend and I can't leave the house for more than a day. Just one of those things my parents left me in charge of, you know?"
"Yea I remember when I was in college and my parents decided to go on vacations definitely wasn't fun being alone for all that time. Here go get some things and we can sit in the sun and have a drink or something." The smile that cut across her face could have made any guy melt in his shoes, or well all over the deck should that man not be wearing any shoes like Seamus was.
Heather came back about 15 minutes later; Seamus had decided to take that time to get more appropriately dressed for one, well minus any type of underwear. And well pick his house some. It had been a long time since anyone had really spent any time in the house other than Seamus. Stuff was strewn all over the place, cans and bottles covered many of the surfaces and computer equipment covered much of the floor.
Heather came to the door and this time chose on knocking. She smiled as Seamus opened the door. "I thought it better to at least knock this time in case you wanted to, umm..." She looked at the floor shyly and quickly finished, "finish!" The laugh that escaped Seamus' body startled her.
"Well thanks for the consideration but I figured I'd spend more time picking up the place. It's been a while since I've had guests and well my work is all over the place." He motioned towards several of the rooms that were visible from the front door. Heather peaked looked around and turned towards him.
"What do you do exactly?"
"Well I build computers now. I used to be a programmer until I hit the mother-load during the last stock boom. I decided to sell a small portion of stock, which allowed me to move out here and just spend my days building special order computers for folks. Have you ever heard of Lonely Mountain Computers?" With a blank look on her face he quickly spoke up himself, "I guess not, tends to be a company that geekier individuals know of. Well I tend to build and sell several computers a week so I keep busy enough not to worry about cleaning up." He smiled shyly and motioned Heather further into the house. "You can put your things anywhere. What would you like to do?"
"Sunbathing sounds great; I want a tan like yours." She looked down again with a flush of embarrassment creeping across her face. "It is a great tan," she reached and pulled off her shirt leaving her standing there with shorts and a bikini top on. The top was barely large enough to contain her perfect breasts, the material covering very little in the end. "Look at me! I look like a ghost walking around compared to you. So if you don't mind sitting or laying in the sun with me I would really like that."
Seamus couldn't help but smile; he showed Heather the way to the back porch again and ran to get another chair for her to lie in. He came back in time to see her pulling her shorts off, she was leaning over at the waist pulling them off her to reveal a thong bikini bottom. He couldn't help but cough at the sight which caused blood to fill his loins once again. She turned quickly at the cough and immediately turned red with embarrassment. "Sorry I just thought I'd get a nicer tan in these. This is basically why I got these in the first place but I was never courageous enough to wear them anywhere else. For some reason I feel comfortable enough here with you, I hope you don't mind."
"No not at all, it's perfectly fine I mean earlier I was kinda not wearing anything at all," a nervous chuckle escaped his lips. I set up the chair for her and asked her if she needed anything else before he himself sat down. With a shake of her head he sat next to her as she lay down on the chair. "So where did your parents head off to again?"
"Well I didn't say where in the first place, but they went to Hawaii just so they could have some time alone together. They think that I don't know what that'll imply." I laughed at the comment. "So, why are you living alone? Why is it I never see any girls coming and going all the time?"
Seamus took a quick drink before divulging. "Well just things haven't been working out with the women. So I live here alone and well rather content in a way. Although, as you have definitely seen sometimes it can be hard for me." Heather giggled and smiled a little as she turned over on the chair. Seamus couldn't help but stare at her body, the fabric for the thong bottoms had pulled nicely up between her ass cheeks. Boy was that ass perfect, it looked perfect in every way, there was just enough of a cheek that you could see where her ass stopped and her legs began. Seamus drank in the sight oblivious to the fact that Heather was saying something to him.
"Seamus. Seamus! Hey you going to just sit there staring at me or are you going to apply some oil to me?" Seamus finally broke free from looking at her ass. He quickly grabbed the bottle of oil and put some in his hands liberally spreading it across the back side of her body. "Mmm...that feels great. You definitely know how to apply oil to a woman, even if it's just tanning oil." She reached back and undid her top letting the strings fall to the chair on either side of her body.
With this type of site in front of him for the first time in a long time blood began to fill Seamus' penis again. The bulge was clearly visible in his shorts and he was sure Heather had noticed as well.
"So Seamus, do you really like the way you taste?"
Startled away from certain thoughts that had crept into his mind Seamus began to stutter, "W-W-Well I definitely don't mind the taste. I-I-I do it from time to time."
"That's definitely not how it looked to me." She smiled and winked at him, turning over some to show off her incredible breasts. "Looked to me like you really liked it. What does it taste like?" She sat up looking at him enjoying the torment she was inflicting on him. He looked at her seriously, contemplating whether or not he should divulge such personal information. He couldn't help but let his eyes wander over her uncovered torso drinking in the sight of her perky breasts.
"Well it's a slightly salty taste, other than that I really can't explain it, it's something you just have to see for yourself." He continued to stare at her breasts; she had noticed this and played a bit for him. She began to tentatively play with her nipples causing them to harden. One hand played across her stomach causing his eyes to dart from one hand to the other. The bulge in his pants had finally reached its peak and his head was sticking out from the top of his shorts. Heather had noticed this and licked her lips seductively.
Absentmindedly Seamus began to rub himself through his shorts causing Heather to bite her lip. She leaned back spreading her legs and began to rub herself through the thong bikini bottoms. This was all it took for Seamus; he stood up and pulled off his shorts. "Does this bother you any?" Heather shook her head as she stared at his cock, her juices began to soak what little material that covered her womanhood. She could smell her own aroma but wasn't certain Seamus can just yet. Seamus by now had begun to furiously pump his engorged cock causing sensations to shoot through his body. Heather was the first to notice it, the first drops of pre-cum had finally formed on the head of Seamus' penis. She darted forward and licked it off leaving a trail of her own saliva on the head.
"God that tastes great. No wonder you like to taste yourself. I mean I could have that all day every day until the day I die. It's nothing like what other guys taste like." She licked again as another drop formed. She savored the flavor this time closing her eyes. She could hear him grunt in pleasure as he rapidly ran his hand along his shaft. He began breathing harder his strokes seemed faster to Heather who hadn't opened her eyes again. Soon she felt warm globs of his come land on her incredible body. Seamus was grunting in pure pleasure now as his orgasm ripped through his body. For what seemed like an eternity to both individuals Seamus' orgasm lasted.
"Now that was hot. I've never had anything like that happen." Heather opened her eyes and wiped a gob of cum from her stomach and licked it off her fingers. "Mmmm...now you definitely taste better than any guy I've ever had. Just wish this all wasn't wasted on my stomach." She smiled at Seamus who had finally recovered from his orgasm.
"Here let me get a towel for you."
"No! Please I don't need a towel." She began to rub his come into her skin. This was by far one of the hotter things anyone had ever done with Seamus present. He couldn't help but drink in her form now. She smiled and slid her bottoms off spreading her lips. "Do you like what you see big boy? Oh my, looks like someone wants to play again." A smile filled her face as Seamus' penis grew hard again.
She leaned forward again and licked his head once again. Shivers ran up Seamus' spine. He reached forward and grabbed one of Heather's breasts squeezing it, teasing one of her nipples. Both smiled at one another before embracing and kissing each other fiercely. Their tongues intertwined with one another as they continued to kiss. One of Seamus' hands ran down Heather's stomach teasing her belly button. A moan escaped her mouth as she moved her hips closer to him. His hand inched closer and closer to her wetness. Heather closed her eyes waiting for the feeling of his fingers exploring her folds.
Finally when his hand reached her wetness Heather couldn't contain the pleasure, his finger exploring her most intimate region was like dynamite to her. "Oh god please keep going!" Seamus needed no further encouragement; he quickly slid two fingers deep within her, wiggling them a little bit once they were deeply buried. Heather unconsciously grabbed his penis slowly jerking it in rhythm with the movements of his fingers.
"Fuck, lick me now or fuck me, I need more than your fingers right now!" Heather leaned back lying down on the chair putting her legs up on the arm rests spreading herself for Seamus.
Seamus couldn't help but smile, "Oh yea you little slut I'm going to fuck you good, so long have I been watching you wishing I could just be inside you." He grabbed his cock and positioned himself in between her legs. Slowly he ran his saliva slick head against her lips; every now and then he would let his head sink between her lips but never allowing it to enter her.
Heather then began to bed, she tried to push her herself onto his cock. Each time she tried it, he realized and quickly backed away laughing at the same time. "Don't worry dear, you'll get it soon enough. Now tell me how much you want me to fill you up!"
"God please I want to feel you inside me more than anything. If you don't do it I'm just going to die. Please give it to me. Make me scream your name."
Her dirty talk was now driving Seamus wild. He just couldn't take it anymore. Quickly and brutally he slammed himself deep within her causing her to scream both in pleasure and in pain. His cock stretching her was both agony and heaven. She screamed as he moved in and out of her roughly. With each stroke of his, her body began to respond more fiercely than before. Soon Heather had grown used to the rough sex and was moving with Seamus almost in perfect rhythm.
"Oh shit you're definitely tight. Squeeze me with that pussy of yours baby." Heather needed no instruction on this part. She eagerly clenched her muscles increasing the sensation for both her and Seamus. Within minutes both of them were in complete ecstasy. Seamus was having a hard time holding his orgasm and he soon realized that Heather was close as well. Quickly he pulled out and grabbed her.
They kissed passionately while they switched places quickly. Just after sitting down on the chair Heather was on top of him riding him like he had never been ridden before. Her feet were perched up on the chair with him and she was bouncing wildly on top of him. With each stroke he could see his own cock appear then rapidly disappear deep within her. She reached down with one hand and frantically began frigging her clit. Her juices covered both of their crotches as Heather's sex responded to the stimulation. "Oh god I'm going to cum baby. I want you to cum with me, please fill me up." Seamus closed his eyes and began slamming his cock deep within her as she fell down onto it.
Quickly Seamus began to grunt as he filled her with his cum. Heather could feel his orgasm and hers quickly followed. Her muscles clenched his cock milking all of his cum from it. Seamus sat up and began to suck on her nipples as her orgasm continued to spill over her. Wave upon wave crashed and her moans could have been heard from her parents' house. As abruptly as it started, her orgasm finally ended. She collapsed onto his chest, her breaths coming in ragged gasps. The two of them kissed again before finally she pulled his cock out of her. Much of his cum that had been left in her dribbled out and rested finally on his softening cock.
"We really should do this again. Maybe I can spend the entire time here while my parents are away!" She smiled and kissed him again, absentmindedly she played with his cock.
"I don't think you're going to be able to leave for a while. At least not until I get to do everything to you." Seamus smiled back at her and ran a finger along the crack of her ass. The both of them couldn't help but smile at that and finally they decided to head inside where it was a bit cooler.