Chapter 6 - the return of young Zara
Gary Roldern settled down in the warm afternoon sunshine with his straw hat over his eyes. A postprandial nap seemed to be just the thing. Gary was retired and able to take a more relaxed approach to life and able to potter around in his garden as he liked. And how he liked to potter was naked. Not a practising naturist in the sense of going to a club and wandering around 'au naturel' with other like minded persons but content to feel free in the privacy of his own garden. Occasionally he went further afield, perhaps a short - very short - part of a walk in the countryside when he had left his clothes for a time. He had also been to nudist beaches once or twice for the experience. He had liked walking into the sea without his trunks and swimming naked.
It had been good working in the garden, the sun warm on his skin. It was the time of year when everything was just growing and getting bigger. Of course Gary helped it along with plenty of watering; his hosepipe found plentiful use and the plants responded. Growth and fecundity, the plants pushing upwards to flower and make seeds to produce offspring, the birds nesting and the insects no less hard at work. Gary's own hosepipe had watered the garden not a few times as he was more than careful in the heat to drink plenty of water and it did seem to fairly 'run through him.' The growing plants in the borders, their vigour and life seemed to have a fellow effect on him and more than once he felt his cock rising upwards - yes like the asparagus spear in speeded up time. Gary liked it. He liked just becoming erect in his garden; such a nice feeling whether just digging away or bending to pull up weeds to feel himself tumescent and excited; and once up it was nice to stroke it a little.
The afternoon was warm and Gary closed his eyes. Of course his naturism was not entirely solo. He did have visitors. Sometimes his neighbour Zoe came around and there was also the college girl, Zara, from across the road who was happy to join him in his pastime. Like many men Gary also enjoyed sex and it was rather pleasing his two neighbours were, again, of similar mind. At 59, Gary was more than fortunate to have two such very good friends who, despite being both young women, liked to play. This was perhaps the more surprising because whilst tanned and reasonably fit looking Gary was somewhat under-represented in the penis department. You could not fault it as it lay like a brown frog between his thighs in the sunshine. It had all the appearance of normality but when erect it was only three inches long - a miniature penis for a man - and this was a source of regret and even embarrassment on Gary's part. Its two redeeming features, and Gary was certainly conscious of these, was that it was both very thick and very prolific - it produced a lot of 'cum' when sufficiently aroused.
And aroused it had been not two days ago when Gary had visited Zoe shortly after her husband's departure for work.. He had come (in both senses) by invitation. She had told him to pop around to hers as soon as Tom had driven away in his car. Zoe was anxious once more to be pregnant and Gary was a substitute inseminator for her husband. Tom was fine at sex, could do all the right things and do them well - as Gary had actually seen for himself once or twice in a rather voyeuristic way, by Zoe's design - but Tom was not really fertile.
Gary, on the other hand, certainly was and was more than happy to help out. The only slight down side was Zoe's insistence he only came when Tom came as well. He therefore found himself taking 'sloppy seconds,' his stumpy cock with its big knob entering an already well used and particularly slippery vagina. Gary, though, was hardly worried by this. Indeed he treasured the memory back when he had first been trying to get her pregnant he had pulled out in the middle of intercourse, with the object of prolonging the game, when Zoe, looking at him, had asked if he had 'already come.' His stumpy erection had been quite covered with the translucent whiteness of Tom's ejaculation; so much so that it did, indeed, look like he had come. 'no, not me,' he had said. She had then, sat up on the bed, all chubby and naked with her big breasts, and this was what he remembered so well, held his balls in one hand and licked his cock just like an ice cream, lapping up all of the 'cum,' which was not his own, as her tongue had worked its way all around it.
What man does not relish the idea of his wife or partner washing him down with her tongue after he has come yet, having come, no longer finds the idea quite so exciting. The result of that post ejaculation loss of interest in sex! For Gary it had all the appearance of him having come without the reality. A delight to watch.
"Mmmm nice, you try." And she had gone and kissed him right on the mouth with her tongue pushing between his lips. Unusual for her to kiss him like that and of course that had indeed meant he had tasted Tom. Very much her intention. Cum on her lips, cum in her mouth. A shared tasting. It had been a bit on the odd side but it was Zoe he was kissing - not Tom!
She had kept kissing him as she had put him back in and ridden him cowgirl until he flooded her; her tongue in his mouth all the while and pushing in and out as if it was a cock. Her semen slippery tongue, his cock in her vagina pulsing - semen in both places! It had been an intensely sexual experience.
Gary smiled to himself as he drifted off to sleep in the warm sunshine. Zoe had looked fantastic when he had gone around two mornings ago: damp, dishevelled, very much looking like a woman who had just been fucked and, as he had walked into her bedroom, her marital bedroom, she had let her thighs fall open revealing all, including the product of Tom's recent orgasm seeping from her vagina, all creamy white, and just starting to run down towards her bottom. His penis had pumped up as he had wished her, 'Good morning.' It had been obvious he had been pleased to see her and it had been a good fuck. He had just got straight on the bed between her thighs and slipped in without being asked - and 'slipped' had been the word!
What a privilege to enter the marital bedroom and simply fuck the wife like that, minutes after her husband had driven away.
Lying back Gary's little stumpy erection stiffened at the memory, he could feel it pumping up again in the sunshine. He was so lucky with his friendly neighbour. Perhaps Zoe would ask him to nip around the next morning.
It was a nice feeling lying there, eyes closed, thinking back. The sun all warm on his cock and it just growing. Perhaps he might later... after all two days without an ejaculation was not exactly like him. Yes, perhaps in the garden shed where it was so warm and private and... It was a surprise: his thoughts were interrupted by what felt like a warm wet mouth suddenly engulfing his knob and beginning to suck. Gary was instantly wide awake. Was it Zoe who had crept around for some afternoon fun, was it Zara back from college or someone else? Surely not Melanie?
He did not instantly push his hat away. It was rather exciting to not know who was sucking him and just lie there and enjoy it. Whoever it was doing the job was doing it very pleasantly indeed. A little awful if it was Tom but that seemed just a trifle unlikely! And there were certainly one or two neighbours other than Zoe or Zara he would be as happy as anything to have fellate him. Melanie Evans from across the way - though it would be a bit of a shock if Harry was with her, standing, watching and smiling - or Kirstie whom he had spied upon and had every intention of spying the same again. All those had potential for being very enjoyable - apart from Tom or indeed Harry!
It was, perhaps most obviously, Zara.
"I want to get hot and sweaty in your shed." Unusual first words of greeting.
"Shouldn't you say something about it being a good afternoon first?"
"Fuck that - come on."
She had reached and pulled him up with her hand and Gary had walked with her up the garden. And as she walked she had taken her clothes off, one by one. At the shed door he had looked back at the trail of tee shirt, skirt, bra, panties and sandals strewn on the grass and path leading to the shed. But his eyes were mostly on Zara's delectable body. A teenager's naked body.
It was so hot in the shed. The morning sun had seen to that. Hours of sunshine beating down and the window closed. It was like a sauna. Gary could feel the sweat rising on his skin: Gary could see it appearing on Zara's deliciously naked skin.
She pulled the chair to one side, hopped up on the table and opened her thighs. Gary moved to step between them, his cock more than ready to penetrate. The prospect of feeling her wet, warm, young sheath holding it delightful. It had not been that many days before when he had done just the same to Zoe - that 'quickie' in the shed.
"No, no down you go." Her hand on his head pushing him down. "A proper welcoming kiss!"
Gary knelt and just stared at the picture before him. The fine fair hairs, so neatly set either side of Zara's divide as if they had been combed, her fleshy, crinkly sex, the clitoral hood pronounced and so ready to be teased with lips, the raised nipple like clitoris itself and, of course, the so important entrance looking rather more a passable entrance than when he had first seen it the year before. It was all so obviously wet as if it had had salad dressing poured upon it.
What would be the right blend of oils, herbs and perhaps a little stinging vinegar to make a perfect dressing for cunnilingus, a perfect liquid mix to pour on before feasting on the soft pink folds? They looked delicious naturally dressed but could Zara's pudenda be improved by a little additional flavouring, a seasoning? Would Zoe think so if she was there? What sort of dressing would she like, would the addition of a certain saltiness - the saltiness of man cream - add to it? A velvety, white dressing carefully 'drizzled' on the delicious pink folds before she went down on Zara. Would she actually do such a thing?
Gary imagined a chef complete with chequered trousers, white double breasted jacket and the toque hat, his rigid penis exposed through the chequered trousers as he released generous dollops of his own cum into the dressing bowl to be whisked and poured onto Zara's sex in a most artistic and gastronomic manner. "Voila, Madam!" as Zoe settled herself to the feast.
"Don't just admire the view, Gary, eat me!"
It was not unusual for Gary to daydream in his shed: but it was also not so unusual, recently anyway, to practise sex with another for real in the shed. Gary moved forward and his tongue touched. Perhaps a little salt and pepper would work but more than scrumptious as it was! Just little tongue touches at first on the softness. He wanted Zara to wriggle - and wriggle she certainly did. He did nothing too dramatic at first. His tongue slid over just the outer vulvic edges, the protective labia major, at first. Protective but with Zara's legs apart the protection was gone and Gary's tongue could, when he wished, slip into the soft wetness of the vulva. But not yet.
First he travelled along the divide between the mounding of the labia and the liquid pinkness, not actually penetrating; first upwards until his tongue met the delightful cleft of the mons veneris, so nice to run his tongue up and down it, through the still light dusting of fair hair - not yet the womanly bush of Zoe. Up and down, up and down the little cleft exciting Zara so she wriggled and then he allowed himself to dip, just dip, his tongue between her lips to where she was already really juicy - a positive reservoir of womanly lubrication.
"Ooh," she went and Gary dipped again. His tongue pushing into the hot liquidity. Nice to rotate his tongue around before rising up across the little pee hole to the smooth bump of her clitoris.
"Oh Gary, you do that so well. Make me come!"
More work for the working man. Well, retired man really but with time on his hands! Gary worked away at the delightful hot, wet folds, his tongue probing and tickling. He sought, found and then pushed right inside her. He had a long tongue. Gary could do things with it. His efforts were rewarded. So nice to feel your head suddenly clamped between a teen's smooth thighs and feel the juddering of her body as she climaxed - with Gary's tongue just flicking her clit.
The shudders subsided and so did Gary's movements. He just rested with his lips pressed against his young friend's sex and thinking just how lucky he was. He had thought of Zoe performing the same act but he rather doubted she would do such a thing - but how good it would be to watch!
It must have been a minute or perhaps more before he was permitted to rise and kiss Zara. Her naughty pink tongue licking his lips and face.
Zara had wanted to get 'hot and sweaty' and she was exactly that; Gary could see.
"Haven't I made your face all wet, Gary. You do look a sight! Go on just fuck me now."
What a delightful invitation and what a delightful prospect. There she was, perched on his table, legs apart and sex swollen inviting him not only to push his erection into her body and feel how soft, wet and warm she was but also to move it and spurt his 'seed' into her body. Not to get her pregnant, she was not Zoe, but just for the pleasure of the act.
There seemed a lovely resistance girls had to his unusually thick cock. Something he seemed always to find. Even Zoe, despite having had a child, could, sometimes, require a bit of initial effort. It was certainly the case with young Zara, her opening not yet that used to regular insertions of the male organ. Often not simply a glide in but requiring a little bit more. Particularly in his case, the importance of the acorn shape was well demonstrated. The rounded end so well shaped to ease the vaginal opening and letting it stretch to accommodate the penis.
It was just so good to see his big dome - his big knob - pushing at Zara's entrance. There she was, sitting on the edge of the table in his garden shed, legs spread and so delightfully available. Her sparse bush with the little girl slit so obvious and, below that, her very visible womanhood. In contrast, Gary's stumpy little erection just touching but so ready to enter. Lovely to see the two organs together but not yet joined.
Man and woman making contact and then, with a push, the two sexual organs sliding together - the male and female coupling. The old ram and the young ewe. Gary knew just how lucky a man he was. A delight to enter the girl's young body, such a delight for it to be entirely by invitation. Zara certainly seemed to want Gary to put his penis in her, do his thing and then fill her with his special sticky fluid.
Lovely to stand in his hot shed and do the thing. Lovely to stand between her thighs and push at the moist junction of her thighs and enter. To say nothing of having easy access to her breasts!
"I like fucking so much and I love feeling you so big in me Gary. Just keep doing that. Oh yes, oh yes. Now take it out, show it to me and then push the big knob in hard... fuck!"
Gary so liked the feel of pushing against Zara and then the 'give' as she opened to him. Zoe was easier but she had had a baby. Zara on the other hand was just nineteen - well 'just' was only in comparison because she was actually coming on twenty.
"I'm coming Gary. Gimme your fingers to suck."
Gary smiled as the girl fellated his fingers, pretending she had a cock in her mouth. Lovely to see her eyes tight shut as her orgasm came. Lovely to look down and watch himself moving in and out of her.
The strong suction on his fingers eased and there was Gary looking into Zara's open eyes.
"That was nice, Mr Roldern, what are you going to do to me now?"
"What are the choices?" Gary paused in his movement, his knob as far into Zara as it would go - which was not actually that far.
"Lots. You could pull out and let me wank you off and make a super mess all over my tummy and breasts. I'd like that - I like to see you cum; or I could suck your big plum and you could fill my mouth up with your stuff; or you could just keep fucking me like Zoe tells me you are doing to her again."
"Ah, but you are on the Pill."
"Would it be sexier if I wasn't?"
Was the prospect of actually inseminating a woman, making her pregnant more erotic than simply fucking? It certainly gave Gary a thrill with Zoe but, equally, he hoped she would not get pregnant too quickly. He liked the idea of Zoe seeking him out for regular intercourse for a bit more than just a week or two. Six months of energetic trying would suit him just fine! Perhaps she would get desperate enough to want to fuck even when not freshly fucked by her husband.
"I don't know."
"It's very hot in here, Gary. Shall we carry on outside. We could have a little break and then start up again."
Two very sweaty people came out of the shed. Lovely to stand in the cool and lovely to stand naked with young Zara and feel her hand reach out to hold his stumpy little erection, all wet and slippery from her. Cumming was good but it was great to prolong the sex play.
A pleasant little wander around the garden. The flowers were very pretty but, there again, so was Zara and Gary enjoyed just looking at her. It was lovely the way too she kept touching and holding his penis.
Gary's eyes lighted upon his old wheelbarrow. It gave him an idea.
"Have you been wheel-barrowed, Zara?"
"What walking on hands whilst someone holds your legs like a wheelbarrow? Yes, Daddy used to do that sometimes when I was little."
"Shall we?"
"If you like." Zara was puzzled as she got in position but not when Gary lifted her thighs either side of him and his erection touched her sex.
"Let's see who lasts the longest. Whether your arms give way or my cock comes first."
Gary pushed home and off they went. An amazing sight to anyone watching and what a fun game to play actually.
Half way down the garden and, "Oh, you're going to win Zara. Here I come." She clearly had strong arms!
"Don't stop walking, Gary, cum as you walk."
And Gary did. His penis ejaculating as it was stimulated by the slightly rocking, side by side movement of Zara's body as he wheelbarrowed her down the lawn. Penis pumping out his semen as he walked her.
Zara won. Not only did Gary come before they reached the house but Zara's strong arms held up the whole length of the garden - and the sexual connection was maintained the whole way.
Zara collapsed to the ground and Gary slid out. What a sight between her legs!
"Cup of tea?"
Gary returned to find Zara sitting in one of the garden chairs, legs crossed and beautifully naked. A picture of poise and almost decorum: so different from minutes before when she had slid from his cock to the ground. Even so, how nice to know she was freshly fucked and by him!
He had just put the tea things down when a hushed voice came across the fence, "Gary - you there?"
"Yes, Zoe."
"Can I pop round? Tom has just... before he went out. I'll be there in a second."
"Err, yes of course. Tea?"
The trail of girl things leading to the shed must have given Zoe more than a clue about what had been going on. But there was a big smile, nonetheless, for Zara and for Gary as he poured a third cup. A hint of a frown as she saw Gary's limp and still clearly post coital cock. It cannot, though, really have been a surprise to Zoe what with the strewn clothes that things had been going on.
"Oh, um, pleased for you both but I was hoping. Never mind. How are you Zara - you are certainly looking well, if a bit flushed!"
"Zoe, I'm sorry. I just came round to see Gary and there he was all sort of ready just lying there in the sunshine with his hat over his eyes and his lovely stiffy all standing up. I just had to..."
"Of course you did - and very nice too, I'm sure. I'd like to have watched! You went in the shed didn't you? I could see your clothes leading there. Had I not known I'd have thought you were still in there."
"Ten minutes earlier, Zoe, if that, just too late. You could have taken over Gary. Let him finish in you."
Zoe looked wistfully at Gary's cock. Her desire to be pregnant a second time just so clear. She looked back at Zara, "I'm freshly fucked too and he would have gone in so easily..."
Zara's eyes looked towards Zoe's fence.
"Oh, Tom's gone out. I got him to... just before he went off, and then I thought..." Her eyes went back to Gary's cock.
"Why don't we swop. I mean, Gary's cum is all safe and warm inside me. I don't need it - I mean it was lovely to get it but... Let's just transfer it across."
"What, really, how?"
"With our fingers and I think if we line up holes there's so much it'll just run out of me into you."
"Well I, I don't know. I'm not sure..."
"Take your dress off, lie back, open your legs, pull one leg up towards your chest. Then I step over you and, Gary, could you ensure our vaginas are lined up. Quickly before I start dripping."
Zoe was clearly reluctant but her desire to be pregnant overcame her scruples.
Gary moved quickly. Amazing to see. These two girls he had fucked more than a few times now with their respective sexes inches apart. He moved Zara a little and then stared in disbelief as a little of his cum dripped from Zara's vagina close to its target. A half inch back and Gary watched as another dollop dropped right into the waiting orifice.
"You're, you're ejaculating right on target, Zara!"
There was laughter.
It was funny and sexy all in one. But Gary did not rise to it, even when Zara descended a little and the two sexes actually touched, as if they were kissing. Such a sexual sight - and so annoying for Gary that he was no longer 'in the mood.'
"I'm trying to squeeze it out now, Zoe."
"Oh yes, I can feel it coming."
What a sight. What a complicated explanation had there been an unexpected visitor! Gary sipped his tea as his two friends engaged in a remarkable sexual intercourse. This could actually be the one to make Zoe pregnant. Zoe already with Tom's semen inside now receiving a second load - or at least part of it - but a load that had been deposited in a different woman! It must have happened before - there must be people out there conceived from sperm deposited in another woman.
But the idea of it, one woman emitting semen into another! Zara performing the male role without a penis.
"I think it's stopped." Zara raised herself up.
Gary was sort of disappointed there was not a sucking sound as the two vaginas separated. He had a lovely image of the two so closely pushed together that pulling them apart would create a partial vacuum and a sound.
"Do you think there's any more. Could you feel, Zoe?"
"What, put my fingers in your... I've not..."
Gary loved seeing that. Normally it would have made him as hard as anything. Zoe with her fingers actually in Zara; taking them out; examining them and then pushing the fingers into herself.
"There is more. Well, not really a surprise with Gary. He could cum for England!"
"Yes, doesn't he!"
And Zara's fingers went into herself and then, delightfully, into Zoe. Zara's slender fingers pushing into her friend, pushing his semen in.
"Shall I see if I can push this all further in."
"Please."
'Wonderful,' thought Gary. Zoe requesting Zara to stick her fingers up into her vagina as far as they would reach. Really they wanted a penis to push the stuff up - it would be just the right shape - but Gary's was all limp and not, of course, actually as long as Zara's fingers. What they really needed was another penis to push the semen further! Zara bunched her fingers together and pushed in. It was awfully erotic. Gary so wished he had an erection he could push into Zara as she did that! Or even just wank as he watched.
"Job done," said Zoe leaning back in her chair and licking her fingers.
"Tasty," said Zara doing the same. 'I do like how you taste, Gary." Her tongue licking suggestively around her fingers. Well, not so much suggestively - that was sticky cum she was licking - provocatively!
This was all eroticism, big time!
"It's not just Gary I suspect, Zara. You'll have Tom's as well."
"Ooh, a blend - and," she giggled, "you as well. Awfully naughty."
They drank tea in the sunshine. Three naked friends. A happy time in the sunshine just talking of this and that.
"I wonder how long before we can get Gary up again? Shall we try, Zoe, you and me; then he can fill you even fuller. I'd like to feel him in me again. Would you?"
"What, both of us - together?"
The prospect more than a little exciting to Gary. They had sucked his cock together before but he had not actually taken them together at the same time - swopping from one to the other. If only he could get hard again!
"In bed or in the garden?"
"Or in the shed?" Giggled Zara. "You game?"
"I'm the one wanting to get pregnant - of course!"
"Well Gary, would you like to fuck two girls in your shed?"
There was a stirring between his legs - clearly Gary would! He'd taken them separately. Why not together? It might be his only chance.
How nice to walk up his garden with two pretty women, one on each arm - and the three of them naked and about to engage in sex. Clearly about to engage in sex. Gary's penis might be a little stumpy affair but it was once again erect.
Gary opened the door. "After you. ladies."
He looked down and watched the two naked bottoms go through the door. Weren't girls' bottoms such a visual delight! He followed them in - deliberately bumping into the bottom in front of him - just so nice to rub your knob on a girl's behind... or two.
It was of course hot and a little cramped in the shed for three but being intimate together was not exactly a problem given what was going to happen.
"Well, Gary," said Zoe putting an arm around Zara's shoulder, "what are you going to do with us now?"
Gary lifted first Zara, then Zoe up so they were sitting on his table on the edge, just nicely arranged; nicely arranged with legs a little apart and their interesting furry bits right at the table edge - just right for Gary to get at them . Such interesting, damp furry places - and for his stumpy erection to get into those places he needed them close to the edge.
"I think, Zoe," said Zara, "that I seem to have been sitting here before like this."
"You're not the only one..."
"Ah, but earlier this afternoon!"
Hand on one of Zoe's breasts, hand on one of Zara's. How nice for a man to have two pairs to play with! Be permitted to roam, not just all around one female body but two. Nice to mould, nice to lift, nice to toy with all the nipples. There was actually room, if he moved a few things, for three girls to sit on the table - but he must not get greedy, that would be rather too much.
The girls looking at him a little amused at his evident excitement in having not one but two girls to play with and the happy way he was playing with their breasts - bouncing them, squeezing them, tugging a nipple or two. The sort of things men like to do.
Gary dropped downwards - should he? Why not? Why not indeed stick his face in between the girls' thighs. Two worked up girls, all wet and recently fucked. The scent of sex strong and enticing - very arousing. Gary moved in between Zara's smooth thighs towards her pudenda. Less than an hour before he had enjoyed the same view, perhaps a bit more swollen now, a bit more 'used' but still the dusting of fair hair, still the lovely lips and the smooth bump of her clitoris. Gary was happy to lick and suck again; suck gently on the smooth flesh; tickle her clitoris with his tongue and, of course, do what men want to do and stick something inside the girl - his tongue probed into her, just where his erection had gone.
Above him the girls were talking, having giggles about sharing sex with a friend.
"He's stuck his tongue in me!"
"How rude!"
Gary shuffled backwards and moved sideways to come within the enclosure of Zoe's more generous thighs. Her dark bush and her sex framed by dark curls, her lovely moist sex so recently fucked by Tom and (sort of) by Zara, looking sticky and, well, 'fucked' actually. Not necessarily every man's cup of tea - or creamy cake really! It would not be the first time Gary had tasted Tom's cum and it had, after all, been mixed with his own. He moved in closer, her scent was strong and heady. He stared at the prospect before him. It seemed the chef he had thought about earlier had been busy! Zoe's sex was well 'dressed' with a well whipped creaminess. He put out his tongue.
"Oh, the naughty man... he's licking my clit."
"Really! I wonder what he'll do next. Nice isn't it?"
Gary explored with his tongue before finally plunging it into the woman.
"Oh, he's done it to me now; stuck his tongue in!"
Gary knew what he was licking - it was unsurprisingly salty. Sexual desire is a funny thing. It made people do rather odd things.
Gary stood licking his lips. The girls laughed.
Which to be first and how many times to swop? Amazing to be standing there with two girls waiting for him to stick his cock between their thighs. It seemed appropriate to go by age.
He stepped up to Zoe, between her thighs and just went in, all the way up to the hilt - which, as has been mentioned, was not very far really! Nonetheless just so nice to stand with their pubic hair mingled.
"Mr Roldern, what are you doing?"
"Fucking you."
"Oh, that's all right then!"
He stepped backwards withdrawing, moved sideways and pushed into Zara. Lovely to feel her opening for him, her young sex easing to accommodate him.
"Not much of a fuck then!" Commented Zoe.
"I was being fair."
"Give the girl a bit more than that."
Gary did what he was told. Careful strokes within Zara. Lovely to watch his cock appearing and disappearing inside her as he flexed his hips. Lovely to feel his balls swing as they fucked - balls containing his potent sperm destined for the other woman on his table.
Gary swopped again. Just so nice to have a choice of two vaginas - both equally warm and wet. A little stroking on Zoe's clitoris with his big knob and then in he slipped. This time he did not just slip in but did all the proper movement.
Back and forth he swapped trying to bring the girls each to a climax.
It was very hot in the shed. The sweat was pouring down Gary and the girls.
"I'm sorry Gary, I'm not going to make it."
"Me neither. Just do your thing in Zoe. Go on!"
Once more Gary stepped back from Zara pulling his cock from her sweet young sex. moved sideways and stood with his stumpy, thick erection between the thighs of the chubby, dark woman from next door.
He reached and held Zoe's ample breasts and once more eased in. He started slowly and then built up his pace. Zara was still sitting on the table but now with legs closed watching the movement between Zoe's thighs.
Gary was nearly there, just a little more and he would be coming. Yes, yes - and he felt his balls tightening. It must have been obvious on his face because as he began to spurt Zara lent forward and kissed him on the lips. Gary inseminating one woman whilst being kissed by another!
No sooner was the act done than the three of them tumbled out of the shed into the comparative cool of the garden. They were all dripping with sweat. It was more than time for another cup of tea!
More pleasant conversation and then Zoe had to go and get Charlie from her mother's and Zara headed off, after collecting her scattered clothing, to do some university work, leaving a rather tired Gary to have a nap in the shade. What an afternoon, what an unbelievable afternoon of sex.