Married, 32 years old with two children, Kelcey was bored with her marriage. Her husband Chuck was a year younger than she was, and was an alcoholic. Chuck functioned as a provider, husband, father and lover, but wasn't particularly good at any of them. Kelcey thought that she deserved more- particularly in bed.
Bottle Blonde, 5'2" and 130 pounds, Kelcey had kept her youthful figure and looks very well. Kelcey was not particularly popular amongst the neighborhood moms due to her looks and that the neighborhood husbands all lusted after her. Kelcey loved the way they looked at her, and flirted whenever she could. She was not just a flirt, but a major league cock tease when she had the chance.
Which wasn't very often. Between work and the demands of home, Kelcey had little time for fun. So, when her little sister Hannah announced that she was getting married, Kelcey was thrilled. Seven years younger than Kelcey, Hannah was a wild child who had a lot of fun friends that Kelcey loved to be around.
Truth be known, Kelcey was jealous of her little sister. Kelcey wished that she didn't have all the responsibilities and stress that went with being a wife and mother, and longed for the days when she could go out and party. Kelcey also thought that Hannah's fiancé was a hottie- Jason was half white, one quarter Japanese, and one quarter Polynesian. He was built, with six pack abs and very sexy smile. Hannah had let on to her sister that Jason was insatiable in bed, and very well endowed.
The week before the wedding was hell for Kelcey. She had to shop for a dress, and couldn't get Chuck to watch the kids so she could go out and shop. Kelcey was stressed, and longed for physical release, but Chuck passed out drunk all week long. Masturbation helped, but Kelcey wanted the real thing.
Finally getting an opportunity to shop, Kelcey went shopping on Thursday night and got what she needed. Not only did she find the perfect dress- black, low cut, slit on the side- but also got her hair and nails done. She felt proud of herself when she admired her looks in the mirror at home. Kelcey was overly critical of herself and found lots of flaws that no one else would see, but overall, she was pleased with the reflection.
Coming out of the bedroom with her new dress, a pair of very sexy pumps, and all done up, Kelcey was looking to show off to her man- maybe this would pull Chuck out of his rut. "What do you think, honey?" She asked.
To say she was pissed would be an understatement when Chuck replied, "Real nice. Could you please grab me a beer since you're up?" with nothing more than a fast glance, not wanting to miss a minute of the Godfather on TV that he had seen at least a dozen times.
Kelcey stormed out without getting the beer and slammed the bedroom door. Fuck him if he doesn't think I'm good enough. She changed, grabbed her favorite green dildo, and went to bed. All the time she fucked herself she was thinking of a man who would pay attention to her, to give her what she needed.
The wedding was on Sunday, and Kelcey was looking forward to Hannah's bachelorette party on Friday night. If nothing else, it'd give her a chance to cut loose a bit, laugh, have a drink or three, and have some fun with the girls. The invitation just gave an address downtown, one that Kelcey was unfamiliar with. She knew where the street was, but couldn't picture the address.
As she looked for the address, Kelcey was surprised to find that it was where there used to be a country western bar that had gone out of business a year ago. The sign out front said, "Hard Times", and the parking lot was almost full.
As she entered, Kelcey was greeted with lots of loud cheering and hollering. Eighties dance music blared, and a very hunky maitre'd asked her if she was here for a party. As he led her towards a room in the back, Kelcey noticed that there were all women in the club.
"Enjoy yourself!" said the maitre'd as he walked back out front. Kelcey saw her sister and about a dozen other partiers in the back room, which had six booths- three on each side, and a stage that came halfway out into the room with a curtain behind it.
"Time to get the party started, sis!!" squealed Hannah, handing her sister a shot of tequila. "C'mon, you've got some catching up to do!!" Taking a deep breath, Kelcey downed the shot and felt a warm rush come over her.
"Wait until you see the waiters!!" said Beth, Hannah's maid of honor. "They have the most delectable asses you've ever laid eyes on."
True to her words, just then two waiters appeared with drink trays. One of them had on a pair of leather pants and a gold chain- he looked Greek, dark complexion and haunting eyes. The other waiter was looked like a surfer with long blond hair and the most incredible set of abs. As they served the drinks, the ladies at the party grabbed at their asses and caressed their chests. Kelcey had heard of places like this, but had never been in one before.
Soon the music started, and all the women rushed to sit around the stage. As the night wore on, more and more drinks went down, and the women got rowdier and rowdier. Hannah groped every man she could get her hands on. She flashed her titties frequently, and got extra attention as the evening's bachelorette.
A fireman, a baseball player, a construction worker, a chef, a doctor... The dancers kept coming one after the other. Kelcey couldn't believe how sexy these guys were, and put over $40 in various g-strings as the night went on.
The curtains parted, and out came a "Policeman." Able to keep the rhythm, but not much of dancer, the cop quickly began to shed his clothes. After one song, he was down to his pants, and began to turn it on for the ladies. Strutting by Kelcey, the cop stopped and said, "You're under arrest!" Pulling her up on stage, the cop sat her down, put her hands behind her, and handcuffed her to a chair.
The women squealed, and Hannah yelled "Enjoy yourself, Sis!!" The cop danced around her, and began to rub his crotch all over her. Kelcey loved it and smiled broadly. The cop pulled her halter down, exposing her breasts. Still with his pants on, he feigned tit-fucking Kelcey, squeezing her breasts together. He got behind her, and pulled her hair back. Leaning over from behind her, the cop kissed her as he caressed her exposed breasts.
More than slightly drunk and hot as a firecracker, Kelcey felt her pussy getting sopping wet. She had long had a fantasy about being tied up and helpless, and another about being exposed to a group of people. That both of these fantasies were being fulfilled at the same time was almost too much to believe.
Still standing behind her, the cop moved Kelsey's bound hands so that she could feel his cock. He was semi-rigid, and huge. Kelcey tried to stroke him, and wondered if anyone could see what she was doing. Suddenly, the cop walked away from her, and announced "She was looking for my nightstick- would you ladies like to see my nightstick?" The cheers were louder than ever, and the cop obliged by snapping off his tear-away pants, leaving him with just his shoes and a g-string.
"The only way you're going to see my nightstick ladies is if she can pull these down!" he said, snapping the waistband of his g-string. "And since she's got her hands behind her back, she's going to have to use her teeth."
"Go for it Kelcey!!" "Give it to him, girl!" "You can do it!" The women wanted to see his cock, and cheered her on.
The policeman got back in front of Kelcey, put his hands behind her head, and pushed her face down into his crotch. Kelcey didn't want to bite him and hurt him, but had to get the thong off. Eventually, she got a hold of the waistband, and with some help from the cop and a lot of cheering from the crowd, down it went.
Which left Kelcey face to face with the largest dick she'd ever seen in her life. He was neatly shaved clean, with big balls. Kelsey's mouth watered. "Looks like we have a winner!" said the cop, and he spent the rest of the song working the stage, getting handled and stroked by the women, some of whom tried to suck him.
"Ah Ah Ah..." said the cop, shaking his finger at the ladies. "She did the work, and now she gets the prize." He walked back over to Kelcey, and put his dick in her face. "If you can get it in your mouth, it's all yours," he announced.
The women went wild, "Do him!!" "If you don't want it, I'll take it"
Horny and buzzed, Kelcey tried to get his cockhead in her mouth. He kept teasing her, and began to smack her face some with his cock. Looking in her eyes, he asked, "So do you want this, baby?"
"Oh, yeah" Kelcey replied. He obliged her be feeding her his cockmeat. Kelcey began to suck him, trying to take as much as she could in her mouth.
"Somebody's got a very lucky husband" the cop announced. The ladies hollered, and Kelcey thought about how many times Chuck turned her down. She sucked harder, faster... The cop pulled her nipples, and then held her head and started to mouth-fuck her.
"Go, Kelcey Go" "Make him shoot, girl"
A few minutes more cocksucking, and Kelcey sensed that he was getting close. The crowd was cheering her on, and Kelcey was turned on to be on display.
"Where's the guest of honor?" the dancer asked. Hannah stood up an whooped. "Come here, baby!" the cop said, inviting Hanna on stage. He pulled his cock out of Kelcey's mouth for a minute to get Hannah situated. "Good girl. Now, you get over here." Hannah kneeled next to her sister. Kelcey felt so slutty to be sucking cock in front of her baby sister and her friends.
"As a bride to be, you need to get used to this," said the cop to Hannah and put his long cock in front of her face. Now it was Hannah's turn to suck a dick in front of her sister. Kelcey watched intently, slight amazed that Hannah was able to take so much of his dick down her throat and jealous that that wonderful prick wasn't in her mouth.
Having the advantage of the use of her hands, Hannah stroked his nightstick and cupped his balls. The bridal party hollered louder than ever. Kelcey looked up at the cop and could see him starting to grimace.
The dancer noticed Kelcey's look, and asked, "You want some more?" Kelcey nodded, watching her sister deep throat his prick. "All right then, but you two are going to have to share!" The cop pulled his cock away from Hannah and loudly asked, "You promise you're going to share, right?"
Hannah reached for his member and scooted closer to him. "I promise, just let me have some more!" Wild cheers from the crowd.
"Don't swallow it all baby, you understand?" Hannah nodded and resumed sucking. Less than a minute later, the cop started to cum. Hannah gulped a couple of times due to the size of his load. "You gotta save some," he told Hannah. She nodded and gave a thumbs up.
The cop brought his cock back in front of Kelcey's face, smiled and said, "Clean up time!" Kelcey eagerly sucked him some more. The cop looked at Hannah and said, "Ready to share that spunk?"
Hannah stood next to her sister Kelcey. The cop pulled Kelcey's pony tail, and this raised her face. "Open wide and get your present." As Kelcey opened her mouth, Hannah leaned down inched from her face and let the cum she'd saved loose. A huge gob dropped into Kelcey's mouth and she hungrily swallowed it.
Kelcey couldn't believe what she was doing- sucking cocks on stage, and now snowballing with her sister. She felt so naughty, and loved every minute of it.
Hannah looked at Kelcey and said, "You're such a slut, sis."
Kelcey replied, "Takes one to know one I guess. I like sharing with you Sis."
Hannah said, "Me too. The weekend's just starting" as the cop let her out of the cuffs.
*****
Next time we'll find out what happens when Kelsey visits Jason's bachelor party.