When I came out of the bathroom, Laura was alone, wrapped in a blanket in front of the fire.
"Hi," she said softly, smiling and gesturing to me to come back down to the living room. As I came down the steps, she reached over to a wicker basket and pulled out another blanket for me. She tossed it onto the floor just over the imaginary line that was supposed to separate us.
"Ricky's gone up to take a little shower," she said. "Come sit with me."
I sat cross-legged on the floor and draped the blanket around me. Almost all the lights were turned out, and even though the sun was still up outside, it was a gray, drizzly Seattle afternoon, and with the blinds all closed, it was fairly dark except for the firelight. Laura was beautiful in it, the soft folds of the blanket hiding most of her except for her shoulders and her legs and feet from the calves down. She'd removed her stockings and now she was just naturally elegant and soft. I wished I could get in that blanket with her. And Rick, too.
"How are you two feeling after that?" I asked, a little sheepish.
Laura tossed her hair back and laughed.
"God," she said, "we're feeling good. And you?"
"Really good," I said. "I really enjoyed that. A lot."
"Well, I hope so!" she said. "I enjoyed watching it. A lot."
"Once again, we went a little farther than planned," I said. "Sorry about that."
"It's okay," she said. "It's better than okay. It felt really good. We both felt safe with it. And you just made Ricky's day. His year."
"I wasn't totally sure how he'd react," I said.
"He loved it," Laura said. "It was a big deal for him, Jim. He really loved it."
We sat there for a minute just staring at each other in the firelight until I saw a little glimmer of mischief come into her pale green eyes. She slowly, deliberately pulled the blanket up higher, revealing more and more of her long, smooth legs until it rose above her pussy. Then she slipped a hand between her legs and slowly stroked herself as she watched me watch her.
"I loved watching you suck my husband's dick, Jim," she said softly. "I loved watching you finger his little asshole, and suck his beautiful dick."
My own cock stirred immediately and I parted the blanket so she could watch it harden.
"I'd love to watch him suck your dick, Jim," she said.
"I'd love to have him suck me," I said, sitting back a little so my cock stood up straighter. Her eyes were locked on it. "Is that all you want to watch us do?"
She shrugged off the rest of the blanket so I could see all of her then.
"No, honey," she said, shuddering a little as she bore down on her clit. "That's just the start."
I could hear Rick coming down the stairs then and I turned to watch him coming into the living room in his robe, carrying Laura's big Hitachi vibrator. We smiled at each other and said "hi." He brushed my bare shoulder with his hand as he walked around me.
"Hey, baby," Laura said, spreading her legs so the two of us could see her hand at work more clearly.
"Hi, baby," he said, kneeling down to kiss her deeply. They stayed together like that for a minute, then they broke off and Rick crawled over to plug the vibrator into the wall.
"I was just telling Jim that I'd love to see him really go to town on you," she said as he handed the magic wand to her.
He looked to me.
"Is that right?" he asked.
I nodded.
"That's right," Laura said, and switched on the vibrator, settling it onto her clit. Her head lolled back as she gasped a little, sneaking up on an orgasm.
Rick slipped out of his robe and I marveled at his powerful, compact body again. He kneeled above her for a second, then bent forward to take a nipple into his mouth and suck, gently at first, then harder and harder.
"What would you like to see us do, Laura?" I asked her.
"Uhhhh," she moaned, getting closer. "I wanna watch you fuck him. I want you to fuck his ass and make him cum."
At that, her back arched and her hips rose. She cried out in orgasm and I could hear the sound of the vibrator against her pussy become wetter. I still hadn't touched my cock yet, but it got harder and harder, standing straight up as I sat there watching her.
"Should I fuck your ass, too?" I asked.
"Oh god, yeah," she said, coming down but still holding the vibrator against herself. "I want my ass fucked by your big dick. I want you both to fuck my dirty little asshole. Baby, you wanna fuck my ass?"
Rick released her now bright-red nipple and said "yes" before shifting to straddle her body and put his hard cock in her mouth. She sucked it greedily, moaning around it, and he shifted his angle again so he could fuck her mouth.
I still wasn't touching my cock, though it ached for attention. I watched Rick fuck her mouth until she had another big orgasm, bucking on the floor and almost screaming around his cock. When her convulsions were done, he withdrew his cock and she turned off the vibrator. He lay down beside her and they kissed and stroked each other's bodies while she recovered. Her throat and breasts were bright red, her body glowed with sweat in the firelight. I finally relented and started gently stroking my cock.
"Baby," she said to Rick, "why don't you get behind me and fuck me a little while we talk to Jim?"
He nodded and she turned onto her side, facing me. He spooned behind her and slipped his little cock into her pussy to start slowly fucking her.
"Oh yeah," she said, "that feels good, honey." She took a moment to savor the feeling together with him before looking up to my cock and then my eyes.
"You're both so beautiful," I said, meaning it completely.
They both smiled wide. "Thank you, honey," Laura said. "You're awful sexy yourself, Jim."
"Thank you," I said, stroking slowly and maintaining eye contact.
"I'd love to crawl up there and sit on that big dick," she said.
"I'd love that, too," I said.
"You want to feel how wet you make me?" she asked. "Ricky, am I good and wet?"
"Jesus yes," he said. "I can tell you love his dick."
"I love yours too, honey," she said. "But it's true. I want Jim's dick inside me. I want to feel him all the way up inside me."
"Tell him," Rick said.
"Jim, honey," she said, "if you're interested, we have a little plan we talked about last night. Maybe a little arrangement."
"What kind of arrangement?" I asked.
"We were just brainstorming last night," she said. "More for long term. We didn't think we'd get here so fast, but god, I don't know if I can wait. Keep going, honey, it feels so good."
"We'd both like to have sex with you," he said, his face flushed, his pulse visibly pounding in his neck.
"But not all the time," Laura said. "We were thinking about limiting it to special occasions, if you were interested."
"I'm interested!" I said. "What kind of special occasions?"
"Our birthdays and yours," she said. "Christmas. New Year's. We need something in the summer though, maybe the Fourth of July?"
"My birthday's in July," I said, laughing, "but I think the Fourth would be great, too."
"All right," she said. "Our birthdays, your birthday, Christmas, New Year's Eve, and the Fourth of July."
She bent forward a little to make it easier for Rick to go deeper and encouraged him.
"Go ahead and give it to me, baby," she said. "Fuck me harder."
He accommodated her, pulling her hips to him with every thrust, grunting and moaning. He had staying power after a couple of orgasms though, and he still didn't seem close to coming.
"You wanna watch Jim's big dick stretch my pussy out, baby?" she asked him. He grunted yes. "You wanna watch me sit on his face? You wanna suck his big dick while he licks my pussy and makes me so wet?"
"Yes," he said, and suddenly becoming more feral, more primal, he pulled out and shifted around, grabbing Laura by her waist and pulling her up into doggy style to ram into her again, with both of them facing me. He started fucking her twice as hard then, grunting and pulling her to him with every thrust.
Laura's mouth was hanging open and her eyes were hazy with lust as she stared into mine.
"I want you to feed me your cum, Jim," she said. "I need your dick in my mouth. I want you to fuck my mouth."
I nearly did it then. I nearly bolted up to kneel in front of her and fuck her mouth as Rick fucked her from behind. Hadn't we just been talking about finally fucking? But I stayed where I was, with my fist wrapped around my rampant cock. I reached for the lube instead.
"Is it your birthday?" I asked her as I poured some lube onto my cock.
"No," she said, almost whining as Rick kept pounding her. "But I want it."
I put the bottle of lube back down and started stroking again. I slowly got up to kneel a couple of feet in front of her face, my cock level with her mouth.
"Then you can't have it yet," I said, "but when we do fuck, I'll put my whole cock into your mouth. We'll see how much of it you can take. And I'll fill your mouth with cum. Rick and I will both fill your mouth."
"Oh god," she said, "oh fuck, please fuck my mouth, Jim. Fuck me good. Fuck me good, Ricky!"
He came then, moaning long and loud and holding her hips back against him. She barely let him finish before she fell forward away from him, rolled onto her back, and grabbed the vibrator again. She inched toward me on the floor, and stopped when she was just inches from her face being directly beneath my cock. She clicked on the vibrator and immediately moaned, closing her eyes and arching her back in a mini-orgasm.
"Fuck fuck fuck," she whispered.
I stroked my cock above her, still conflicted as to whether I should just lean forward and let her suck me. But I didn't do it. It became even more difficult to resist when her eyes opened again and she stared up into mine with a look of almost complete bliss.
"You're gonna fuck me, Jim," she whispered. "You're gonna stretch me out with that nice dick."
I nodded.
"You know when my birthday is?" she asked, barely audible over the sound of her vibrator.
"No," I said.
"It's in three weeks, honey," she said, louder, and smiling wide. "And you're gonna let me suck that dick, aren't you, baby?"
"Yes I am," I said.
"And you're gonna cum in my pussy for me?"
I nodded.
"And you're gonna roll me over..." she left off as another wave of little orgasms hit, "and... and you're gonna fuck my little asshole, Jim?"
I came then, too, spraying cum on her tits and then all over her face. And a little on their carpet, I confess. Luckily her eyes had been closed when I did it, because it was a surprising quantity of jizz I covered her with.
"Yeah," she said, "yeah, honey."
She kept her eyes closed, but made no move to wipe away any cum. She just licked away what had fallen around her lips, swallowing it and grinding the vibrator against herself to extend her wave of orgasms. I wanted very much then to bend down and kiss her lips, her throat, her breasts, and hold her, but I didn't. Instead, I fell back to rest on the floor.
Rick was similarly resting, watching her. I marveled again at how sexy both of them were. I wished I had Rick's shoulders, arms, and abs, but I was happy to have my cock instead of his. I hoped he wasn't worried about Laura's obvious desire for a bigger one.
When Laura's wave of orgasms finally subsided, she switched off the vibrator and Rick helped her clean up her face.
"But just enough so I can see," she said. "Leave the rest."
When she could open her eyes again without fear of getting my cum in them, she asked Rick for a drink. I went with him to help, stopping to wash my hands just enough to avoid smearing lube all over the glasses. When I joined him in their small kitchen, we were both naked and doing a little dance in the limited space there, getting glasses and ice, pouring whiskey and then separate glasses of Pellegrino so we didn't all start passing out from dehydration. When we were finally still beside each other for a moment at the counter as I poured the sparkling water, Rick put a hand on the small of my back.
"Thank you for earlier," he said gently.
"You're welcome," I said, and when I was done pouring I put down the bottle and turned to him. "That was your first time with a man, right?"
He nodded, smiling a little sheepishly, his warm hand still on my back. I put my hand on his arm, kind of a half embrace.
"It was an honor for me," I said. "Thanks for letting me do it."
He laughed a little.
On impulse, I pulled him in slightly, leaned down a little bit, and kissed him. Gingerly at first, our lips brushing, and when I felt him reciprocate, I put my tongue in his mouth, sliding together with his own. We got a little closer, embracing and continuing the kiss. I felt my cock brush his own as both of us started to get a little harder.
I didn't know if we were breaking the rules or not. We hadn't explicitly said that Rick and I couldn't touch, kiss, or fuck. I was feeling, I don't know. Emotionally needy? I was more obsessed with both of them by the hour, feeling more emotionally attached as this went on, and because of the nature of the arrangement, there was very little kissing or holding going on for me. I felt like I needed it.
I reached between us and held his little cock. My hands are kind of long and thin, and his now-hard cock fit entirely in my grasp. He moaned into my mouth a little and we held the kiss, our tongues playing over each other.
We broke off when we heard Laura come into the kitchen, wrapped in the blanket, some of my drying cum still shining on her face and breasts.
"Keep going," she said with a little smile, and we did.
Rick reached down to hold my cock as well while we continued to kiss, and a few seconds later, I felt Laura's hand on my ass. I moaned and unconsciously spread my legs a little, and she took the invitation, her fingers sliding around to my crack and then following it down to rub my asshole lightly.
I started to break off the kiss and said "Laura..."
"Hush," she said, and then she was kneeling behind me, spreading my ass cheeks and licking slowly up and down my crack.
"Oh god," I said. "The rules, though..."
Rick covered my mouth with his own and Laura leaned away from my ass.
"Let's forget about the rules today, honey," she said. "It's silly. We all obviously want to fuck each other. Nobody's gonna go to hell for it. Let's just do what we want today. I don't want to wait three more weeks."
All I could do was moan assent. Rick said nothing but continued kissing me and started jerking my cock for me. There was a little pause and then I felt Laura's tongue trace a line down my crack to my asshole and give it a light lick. I broke the kiss and leaned forward to rest my forehead on Rick's shoulder.
"Oh my god," I said.
She kept licking, not pushing her tongue into me but lapping at my asshole. It felt amazing. I'd only been rimmed once before, by a partner I didn't feel particularly safe with, and I was in heaven.
After a few more licks, I heard the click of the lube bottle's lid opening. She must have brought it with her, hidden in the blanket. Her tongue was replaced by a finger slathered with lube, rubbing it around my asshole and poking in just a little bit.
"Would you like Ricky to fuck your ass, Jim?" she asked.
I held tight to Rick, keeping my forehead on his shoulder.
"Uh-huh," I said, breathing heavily.
"I'd like him to fuck you. He's been wanting to fuck my ass, but I don't know if I'm ready. If you'd like it, I think he would, too," she said.
"Uh-huh," I said again.
"Ricky baby," she said, "do you want to fuck Jim for me?"
"I do," he said.
I stroked his cock a little, gripped it around its base. He was rock hard.
"Jim honey," Laura said, "I want you to turn around and bend over right here. Ricky's gonna fuck you and I'm gonna lick your beautiful dick for you. I don't want you to come yet, though, okay? Cause I want you to fuck me after. I want you in my pussy, baby."
"Okay," I said, breathless, and I turned around, releasing Rick's cock and bending over Laura where she kneeled on the floor. I braced my hands on the counter and spread my legs a little farther.
Laura squeezed out some more lube and reached between my legs to Rick, to lube him up. When she was done, her hands came back to my balls and the base of my cock.
"Fuck him, Ricky," she said, and licked the tip of my cock.
Not coming was going to be difficult.
Rick pushed forward against my ass, pulled me down a little lower to adjust the angle, and then slid right in.
"Oh god," I said.
"Fuck," he said, almost simultaneously.
I hadn't been properly fucked with an actual, living cock in a while. Maybe a couple of years. He fit inside me easily without stretching me much or hurting me at all, but his warm cock felt amazing inside me.
He started fucking me slow and easy, and Laura stroked my balls and held the base of my cock. From my vantage above her, I was looking at the top and back of her head, and so I couldn't see her face, but I could see when she would lean in a little to give my cock head little licks.
"Fuck me, Rick," I said. "Fuck me. Jesus, that feels good... yeah, fuck my ass!"
He started into me harder, and I think from the noises I was making, it was clear to Laura that she had to stop working on my cock or I'd cum too fast. She sat back at first and just watched, and then rose up on her knees to hold the back of my neck and kiss me. Her husband's cock was hammering into me from behind, and her tongue flowed into my mouth, our teeth knocking together just a little from the fucking I was getting.
I whimpered into her mouth for a minute or two as Rick kept fucking me. He had that amazing staying power again, and he just kept going and going. Laura eventually stood and drew my mouth to one of her nipples. I sucked and sucked as Rick plowed me from behind.
"Oh baby," Laura said. "Fuck his ass for me. I want you to cum in his ass for me, Ricky."
"Yeah," was all Rick said as he held onto my hips and railed away at me.
My cock was heavy and half hard now, flopping back and forth with every thrust.
"You're gonna fuck my ass sometime soon, baby," Laura told him. "You're gonna push me down on the floor, kick my feet apart, and shove that beautiful dick right up my tight little ass, aren't you, baby?"
"Yeah!" Rick said again, breathing heavy.
"You're gonna cum in my asshole, aren't you, baby? You're gonna make me a mess, and then you're gonna lick my pussy for me while Jim fucks you for me. While he fucks you with his big, beautiful dick," she said.
"Fuck yeah," Rick said, hammering away.
"He's gonna fill you up with his cum, Ricky, and then I'm gonna suck his dick clean," she said, and then he was coming, holding me and ramming into me two or three more times as his little cock throbbed with my sphincter wrapped around him. He was done a few seconds later, stumbling back against the fridge.
I straightened up and turned to kiss him again. I held him and kissed him lightly, as he was still working to catch his breath. I felt Laura's body press against me from behind, her hands coming around to find my cock and hold it.
"Thank you," Rick said, looking up at me.
"No, thank you," I said. "That felt fantastic."
He laughed a little and moved sideways a little out of our embrace.
"I should go... clean this up," he said.
"Ricky honey," Laura said, peering around me at him. "You don't mind if I have Jim to myself for a little bit, do you?"
"No, baby," he said, and leaned around to kiss her. "Thank you," he told her, too.
"You want to stay down here for a bit?" Laura asked him. "I'll take him upstairs."
He nodded and smiled, and went out to the downstairs bathroom. I turned to face Laura, and she stood right up against me, still holding my cock in her hands. Her eyes seemed even a little larger than usual as she stared into mine, and she had the tiniest smile on her lips.
"Why don't we take these drinks upstairs?" she said. "I'm going to wash you up in the shower, and then you're going to make love to me, okay?"
"Okay, yes," I said, a little flustered.
"I've been talking a lot of crazy shit about you fucking me in the ass and everything else," she said. "But what I really want right now is just a good..." she kissed me, "basic..." she kissed me again, "deep fucking..." she kissed me again, "from this big, beautiful dick, okay?"
"I'd love that," I said, and kissed her again. She nodded at me, smiling a little bigger, and I nodded and smiled, feeling like an idiot, a lucky idiot. We each grabbed a whiskey and a water and headed up the stairs.
Laura closed the door to the master suite behind us and took me into their bathroom. I watched her as she leaned into their big, walk-in shower to adjust the temperature. Her legs and ass were amazing. She had a simple grace to the way she moved. Not traditionally what you'd think of as seductive or anything, but very beautiful. I thought again about how she'd been kneeling behind me, licking my asshole just a few minutes ago.
"You don't want Rick with us?" I asked.
She looked back at me, and down at my cock, which was hardening. She smiled.
"Not right now," she said. "Not the first time. I'm afraid I might like your dick a little too much, honey. I don't know if I want him to see what it does to me just yet."
"It's really not that huge," I said. "I mean, definitely bigger than average, but..."
"Jim," she said, "I wasn't just playing virtuous in front of Ricky when I said that no one else has ever fucked me. I've seen some dicks, and had a few in my mouth or hands, but I've never even seen one as big as yours. And Ricky's is the only one that's ever been inside me. I love him to pieces, and I love when he fucks me, but you know how small he is."
I really didn't know what to say to that.
"Come on," she said, reaching out to take hold of my cock and pull me toward the shower by it. "Water's fine now."
I stepped in with her, one big shower head raining down on us from overhead, and another smaller handheld spraying from the wall. We kissed again under the hot water, our hands roaming over each other's bodies for a minute until she laughed a little, her hand tracing a line down to my ass crack.
"I do believe my husband just came in your ass, sir," she said quietly. Her finger continued down my ass crack and pressed against my anus, then rubbed a little.
"Yes, he did," I said, and put my own hand over her pussy, channeling the water along her lips. "I think he came inside you a couple of times, too."
"Did you like it?" she asked, continuing to rub my asshole, still a little slick with silicone lube.
"Yeah, I did," I said. "I think you'll like it too, when you let him fuck your ass."
"It's not gonna hurt?" she asked.
I slid a finger between her lips and rubbed. Instantly I found the stiff head of her prominent clit. Unusual in my experience. I think I hadn't been with someone with so much clit showing on the surface for many years at that point. I circled it gently.
"No," I said. "He's a great size. It feels good, but it's not going to hurt if you know how to relax and stay relaxed. Mine might be too big for you, though. It is for some people."
She reached over and got the soap, lathered up her hands and returned to my asshole. She washed it as we embraced and as I continued to gently rub around her clit and occasionally slip a finger inside her. We kissed deeply for a moment, her finger teasing my asshole.
"Is your dick gonna hurt me?" she asked quietly. She was getting more and more aroused, her lips parted a little, her eyes just a bit dreamy looking.
"We'll take it slow," I said. "For as long as you want."
She nodded. "Slow at first," she said. "And I'll be on top. But Jim honey, at some point I'm gonna want to just lay back and let you fuck me..."
One of her hands came around to grasp my cock again, and slowly stroked it from base to tip.
"And then you're gonna need to fuck me hard," she said. "I'm gonna beg you to."
"I will," I said, and kissed her deeply, sliding two fingers inside her pussy. She moaned into my mouth, and pushing me away a little, she dropped to her knees in the shower and took my cock in her mouth.
"Oh god," I said.
She went down as far as she could, which wasn't that far. She just didn't have practice with a decent sized cock. But she went up and down a few times slowly, and it felt amazing anyway. I was rock hard again, and I was more than ready to take her to bed.
"Jesus, that feels good," I said. "Do you like it?"
She backed off it for a second, and looked up at me, squinting through the falling water and smiling.
"I love your dick, Jim," she said.
"Then let's get it inside you," I said, and pulled her up. I turned her a bit to put her back against the shower wall and pressed against her, holding her there. I spread her legs a bit by nudging her feet outward with my own, and then used a hand to guide my cock head to her slit, rubbing it back and forth along the outside.
"We should do this in bed," she whispered.
"Then let's go," I said, and reached over to turn off the shower. I let her slip out around me and she took a towel for herself and handed me one. We dried off a little as I pursued her into the bedroom, and then throwing our towels on the floor, she took me by one arm and spun me toward the bed so I fell on it on my back. I crawled backward, getting all the way onto the bed and she climbed on after me, crawling over my body and dropping her pussy to slide her lips along my cock. We were rapidly cooling outside of the shower and her pussy felt red hot and wet. I was ready to be inside her.
"Do you want it?" I asked her, taking hold of both her breasts in my hands.
"You know I do," she said.
"Then put it in," I said. "Please. I want to be inside you."
"I want that too," she said, reaching down to grab my cock and set it against her. She eased back, sliding herself down over the head and gasped.
"Oh christ," she said. "Oh, Jim."
"More," I said, but kept my hands on her tits and did not buck toward her, leaving the pace up to her.
She slid down a little farther, and she was amazing—tight, wet, and so hot around my cock. Her eyes were closed, her mouth hanging open.
"Keep going," I said. "All the way."
She slid down a little more and grunted so loud, I was sure Rick heard her downstairs. I moved one hand to her hip and pressed in a little more. She moaned, long and oh so loud, and I held her there on my cock while she got used to it.
"Oh, fuck!" she finally yelled. "Yes, Jesus. Oh baby, that's what I was hoping for..."
She still felt like a furnace around my cock and I started grinding upward toward her ever so slightly. I felt her cervix there, pushing against the head of my cock and she shuddered and moaned again.
"Oh god, you're deep," she said.
"You've never had a cock so deep in you, have you?" I asked.
"No, baby," she panted. "No, you're the best."
She started rocking back and forth under her own power then. She opened her eyes and looked down at me, ardent and hungry.
"Do you like it?" she asked. "Do you like my pussy, Jim?"
"Fuck yes, I do," I said. "You feel fantastic."
I shifted my hands to her ribs and helped her go up and down on my cock. Still slowly, still ever so tight. She still shuddered every time I bottomed out against her cervix.
"God, you're beautiful," I told her, and she was. She smiled, gathered her hair up behind her head with both hands, and writhed there on my cock, enjoying me watching her.
"I could get addicted to this, baby," she whispered. "I might need your dick all the time."
"Stop by my place on your way home from work. I can get you warmed up for Rick," I said, half joking.
She shifted to lean forward a bit more then, taking my hands off her ribs, moving them to her hips, and putting her own hands on my chest. She eased all the way down on my cock until I couldn't go any deeper, and she started grinding against me. She was instantly flushed bright red across her tits, neck, and face.
"Is that good?" I asked her, pulling her down to grind harder.
"Fuck!" she yelled. "Yes! I think I'm gonna cum on your dick!"
We kept grinding like that for several minutes, and she kept grunting or yelling "oh!" from time to time as she neared orgasm but couldn't quite get there.
"Roll over and let me fuck you good and hard," I said, and she nodded, rolling to the side and taking me with her til she was on her back, her legs spread wide, and now I was grinding against her, bottomed out inside her with all my weight.
It only took a few seconds and she started coming, hard.
"Oh! Oh! Uhhhh!" she yelled, then moaned unintelligibly as I felt her pussy flood around my cock.
I pumped a few times then went deep and went back to grinding against her clit and she screamed "yes! yes!" a few times, her hands searching my back, pulling me against her, one reaching down to hold onto my ass.
"You want me to fuck you hard?" I asked her.
"Fuck me! Please fuck me!" she shouted. I knew Rick could hear us downstairs, I figured the neighbors could hear us next door, and I didn't care. In fact, it turned me on. I started fucking her hard, pounding in and out five or ten times before holding it and grinding against her clit, bringing on little aftershock orgasms for her, and she kept shouting yes and telling me how good it was, how big it was, how she wanted my cum.
I'd lost track of my orgasms so far that day, but I'd had a few and now I had great staying power. After several minutes, we were both soaked with sweat and I was having the time of my life, pounding away at her. Her string of orgasms was starting to take a toll on her and she was becoming more limp, more submissive, laying back with her arms stretched out above her head, head lolling, still moaning almost constantly, but quieter now. I fucked her like that for several more minutes before she seemed to recover. She locked eyes with me again.
"Are you okay?" I asked her.
"Oh god yes, baby," she said. "Are you?"
"Fuck yes," I said.
"I wanna taste your dick though, honey," she said. "Give my pussy a little break and feed me your dick?"
She didn't have to ask twice. I pulled out and crawled forward, straddling her body and bringing my cock to her lips. It was shining in the dim light, slick with a little lube and a lot of Rick's cum and Laura's own juices.
"Fuck my mouth," she said, and I leaned forward more and started to thrust, slowly and shallowly at first, then faster, and deeper as she moaned and grunted desperately around my cock. Some of the mess from my cock was running down from the corners of her mouth. Her hands came up to cradle my balls and rub my asshole, and I only fucked her mouth for a couple of minutes before I felt an orgasm building. I pulled out then, grabbed her by her shoulders and hips, and flipped her over, then pulled her up onto her knees.
"Are you ready?" I asked her, sliding the head of my cock up and down on her labia.
"Fuck me good," she panted.
I slid my cock all the way into her and she cried out, somewhere between a grunt and a scream. With the different angle, I felt myself bottom out inside her more quickly. I wasn't a giant, but I was the longest cock she could take without getting hurt.
"Are you all right?" I asked, pausing.
"Yes! Fuck me! Just fuck me hard!" she yelled.
Again, the certainty that Rick could hear that downstairs was a huge turn-on. I held her at the waist and started sliding her up and down my cock. Every time I went deep, she shuddered and moaned again, and she kept getting louder and louder.
"You like my cock inside you?" I asked her.
"Yes!" she yelled. "Fuck yes!"
"I'm gonna cum in your pussy, Laura. Do you want that?"
"Yes! Please cum in me! Give me your cum!"
At that, I shifted my hands to her ass, spreading her cheeks to look down at my cock sawing in and out of her, and her beautiful little puckered asshole just above it. I drew out and slammed in again, hard, and she cried out and screamed "yes!" again. So I did it again and again, getting faster and faster, pounding her hard from behind until she was screaming "oh oh oh!" continuously, and then I was coming, shoving myself as deep as I could go, pumping harder than I had all day, her hot pussy gripping my shaft, her juices running down my balls.
"Oh fuck!" I yelled, and as the orgasm continued, I fell down on my side, pulling her with me so I stayed inside her.
My hands went to her tits right away and I pulled her close against me, but she took hold of my right hand and guided it down to her pussy. Looking over her shoulder at me, flushed bright red, she pressed my fingers toward her clit.
"I'm so close to coming again, honey," she whispered. "Make me cum again on your big dick, baby."
At that, I spread her legs, pulling her right leg back and over my own. I gathered up some of the plentiful cream that was all over my cock and her pussy and used it as lube, circling her clit and then rubbing it directly, fighting hard to keep my softening cock inside her. It didn't take long until she started coming, shuddering and arching her back and crying out again. After a few small contractions, her pussy clenched hard as the orgasm came on fully, and she squeezed my cock all the way out of her. I felt a hot stream gush out of her at the same time—her own juices and cum from both me and Rick.
As she came down from that orgasm, I worked my way down on the bed til I could spread her legs and bring my mouth to her pussy. I'd wanted to taste her ever since I first saw her, and the messier the better, in my book. I lapped gently at her labia, tasting everyone's juices, and slowly settled onto her still-sensitive clit. Rick had his technique down for gently bringing her to multiple orgasms and I wanted to see if I could reproduce it. I surrounded her clit with my lips and started gently licking at it.
"Oh," she said, wrapping her fingers into my hair. "Oh baby, don't stop, but I want Ricky up here. Is that okay?"
"Mm-hmm!" I murmured around her clit and kept going.
"Ricky baby!" she called out. "Ricky, honey, come on up!"
Then she was back to moaning as I licked and sucked her clit. We both heard Rick's feet on the stairs, and I could see her smile at the sound. When he opened the door, I reflexively started to swivel my head to say hi to him, but Laura's hands held my head in place, pulling me down on her pussy.
"Don't stop, Jim," she said. "Hey, baby," she said to Rick.
"Hey honey," I heard him say as he approached. "Did you enjoy that?" he asked.
"Oh yes, I did," she said, and laughed a little. Rick came into view, and sat on the bed beside her. "Thank you for letting me do it."
"I loved the idea of him fucking you," Rick said, and bent down to kiss her.
They continued to kiss, long and deep, and Laura's hands started to press me more firmly against her pussy. Taking the cue, I started sucking and licking more fervently at her clit. I heard her moaning into Rick's mouth now, and her hips started bucking against me. She broke the kiss.
"Oh baby," she said, "he's gonna make me cum again."
"Maybe he should finger your ass for you, too," Rick said.
"Yeah," she panted. "Yeah, honey. Fuck my ass for me, Jim."
Her ass crack was already totally drenched with cum and the remnants of lube, so it was easy for me to slick up my right middle finger and slide it into her asshole. As soon as I did, she started coming, and I fucked her ass with my finger and sucked her clit to prolong it as much as I could.
She cried out several times and Rick bent to kiss her again so her moans were muffled by his own mouth. When he broke the kiss, he quickly got up to kneel on the bed and fed her his hard cock, thrusting into her mouth as deep as he could. My cock quickly got hard again, sucking her clit and watching her mouth get fucked, and on impulse, I crawled up to where I could line up my cock again, and slid back inside her.
She moaned loud around his cock, and her hands pulled my ass toward her, encouraging me to fuck her harder. So I did, arching my back to leave room for Rick to fuck her face right in front of me while I hammered away at her again. When Rick pulled his cock out for a second, she pushed him back a little.
"Baby," she said, "go get my vibrator for me?"
He nodded and almost jogged out of the room to go get it and I eased myself down into missionary, steadily pumping away at her and kissing her.
"Oh honey," she said, "Are you gonna cum in me again?"
"I just might," I said. "I was thinking I might want you to suck me again, though."
"Maybe you could both take turns fucking my mouth while I cum on the vibrator?" she asked.
"Or maybe we flip you over and take turns fucking your ass," I said, not meaning it at all, but wondering how she'd react. Her eyes got a little bigger and she seemed to flush more immediately.
"Oh baby," she said, "you wanna fuck my dirty little asshole?"
"I want us both to fuck your little asshole," I said, slowing down but thrusting deeper, bottoming out in her pussy with every pump.
"Oh," she said, closing her eyes and sounding a little breathless, "you're so big, though."
"We could hold you down and stretch your ass out," I said. "Fill you up. Do you want to be a dirty slut for Rick and me?"
"Fuck yes, I do," she said. "But you're so big, honey. You're so big."
Rick came back then, and as he reached under the bed to plug in the vibrator, Laura moaned.
"Ricky honey," she said dreamily, "Jim's so big. Jim's dick is so big in my pussy. And he wants to fuck my little asshole."
"We both want to fuck your ass," Rick said, settling on the bed with the vibrator in one hand, his other hand stroking her hair.
"We could tie you down here on the bed," I said, bottoming out and grinding against her clit. "With your ass propped up. Rick and I could take turns fucking you. And then maybe a whole roomful of guys could line up and take their pick, fucking your nice wet pussy or your tight little asshole."
She was getting progressively redder, her breath getting more ragged.
"Ricky," she whispered, "he's so big, honey. I'm sorry honey, I love his dick so much..."
"It's okay, baby," he said, putting down the vibrator. "I'm gonna fuck your mouth now. You want me to fuck your mouth?"
She nodded urgently, her eyes still closed. I continued to grind against her, but arched my back to get a little more distance and let Rick kneel beside her and thrust his hard cock into her mouth. She sucked at it desperately as he pumped away, and after a couple of minutes of that, she came hard, very suddenly, convulsing and moaning loudly around his cock, her tits and throat now bright red, her pussy flooding around my rigid cock.
After she settled down, I pulled out, prompting her to whine a little around Rick's cock. I picked up the vibrator, turned it on, and settled its head against her clit. She moaned loud then, his cock muffling it, and he started thrusting harder. She was a mess, with spit running down both sides of her face.
"Cum on her face," I told Rick. "Let's cover her. Give her what she wants."
He leaned over farther, thrusting faster and deeper now and she started to thrash in another deep orgasm. She writhed a little to escape the vibrator, and I let her for a moment, but then held her legs open with one arm and put the vibrator back against her pussy, sliding it up and down her lips to avoid too much contact with her clit all at once. After a few seconds, she started bucking her hips again, holding her legs open herself, and I switched around so I had my right hand free again, holding the vibe with my left. I scooped up some of the plentiful cream from her pussy, got it all over my hand, and reached under her to finger her tight little asshole, just barely pushing inside with my middle finger.
She started coming again, more violently than before, thrashing and moaning until Rick pulled his cock out of her mouth and she was practically screaming through her orgasm. As she did, he jerked his cock to finish, shooting jet after jet of cum onto her face. As her orgasm started to subside, Rick fell back on the bed and I dropped the vibe and took his place, slipping my cock between her lips and fucking her mouth. Slow at first, but then faster and deeper. She moaned in appreciation, almost in desperation, and her hands found the vibrator, putting it back between her legs.
We stayed that way for a few minutes, me fucking her mouth and her riding the vibe through multiple rounds of aftershock mini-orgasms until finally I was ready to blow. I pulled out of her mouth, held her head by her hair, and started jerking myself. Her mouth was open, her tongue out, and I leaned in for a second to put my balls in her mouth. She licked and sucked greedily, panting, short of breath from sucking cock and coming constantly, tears and cum dripping down her face, and then I pulled back again to aim at her face as my own orgasm him.
I cried out, shooting streams of cum onto her already-covered face. She moaned and cried out "yeah! yeah!" As I slowly eased back and then fell over to lay on the bed, she was still riding the vibe, shuddering slightly through another mini-orgasm.
"God, you're incredible," Rick told her.
"Thank... thank you, baby," she said, still breathless.
He leaned in to kiss her deeply and slowly, and they stayed like that, their tongues playing together, licking the cum from each other's lips. I eased down on the bed, kissing my way down her legs til I reached her beautiful feet, and I started sucking her toes. She had long, beautiful toes, nails painted metallic burgundy, and I took them in my mouth one or two at a time, sucking them like little cocks, greedily. She started moaning into Rick's mouth and whispering "yeah, baby" between kisses.
I kissed my way back up her leg to her hip and gently lifted one side, nudging her to roll over a little. She did, exposing her ass, and I spread her cheeks and began licking up and down her crack.
"Oh," she moaned deeply, "oh, oh, baby, yeah..."
Finally, I settled on her wet little asshole, licking it like I would her clit, and she started shuddering in another orgasm, still holding the vibe against her pussy while she lay on her side.
"I wanna suck your dick, baby," she said to Rick, and he fed her his soft little cock. She sucked on it desperately as I continued to rim her, and after a couple minutes of that, my own cock was rock hard again. I slid up on the bed and slid my cock into her from behind.
She moaned urgently around Rick's cock, and took him out of her mouth.
"Oh god, baby, his dick is so good," she told Rick.
"Is it big enough for you?" he asked her.
"Fuck yes," she said. "He's so fucking big."
"I'm glad you're happy, baby," he said. I just kept pumping away from behind her. It was an awkward angle, with her tilting her hips forward a bit to accommodate the vibrator, and I wasn't able to go as deep as before. But she felt amazing—so hot, so extremely wet. We were noisy, with my cock slapping in and out of her drenched pussy and the vibrator making wet noises in front as well.
"I'm a mess, baby," she breathed. "I've got y'all's cum all over me... and inside me... oh..."
She shuddered through another series of mini-orgasms, her pussy clenching on my cock. I reached over her with my right hand and took hold of Rick's soft cock, stroking it in front of her face.
"We can fuck you all night, Laura," I whispered in her ear as she came.
"Oh, yeah," she whispered. "Fuck me, just keep on fucking me... I'm your... I'm your little slut..."
And then unexpectedly, her chain of little orgasms turned into a huge one, and her pussy clenched down tighter than ever. With me going in shallower at that awkward angle, she squeezed my hard cock out of her again and she curled in a fetal ball, the vibrator still between her legs, crying out, drenched in sweat and cum.
I backed off for a second until she relaxed, letting the vibrator go, and sprawled out on her back, spent. Her legs and arms were spread wide, eyes closed, her mouth open, slack-jawed, trying to catch her breath. Rick and I just stared at her amazing body for a few seconds and then I couldn't control myself, and climbed into missionary position on top of her.
I slid in easily and started slamming my cock home, deep inside, bottoming out again with each thrust, and she let out a little gasp every time I did.
"You're so fucking sexy," I growled, hammering harder and harder into her as she lolled, exhausted.
She tried to open her eyes and found one of them was gummed up with cum, but the other stayed open and she stared into my eyes as I fucked her like an animal.
"Fuck me," she said. "Use me, baby..."
And I did, surprised at my own staying power, nearly exhausted myself, but still hammering her hard for several minutes. Rick stroked his cock beside us, eventually getting hard, and I asked him if he wanted to fuck her.
He did, and we swapped out, Rick sliding in and starting to hammer away at her even harder than I had, though with that smaller cock. I certainly needed to rest for a minute, and I'm sure Laura's pussy needed a little break, too.
I moved around so I could hold her arms down above her head, my cock jutting out near her face. Her head lolled to the side and she made a half effort to crane out to lick my cock, but couldn't quite reach. I leaned in further and slid my messy cock between her lips, steadily pushing until she'd taken most of it and started to choke, then I backed off and pulled out.
"Ohhhh, god..." she said. "Fuck me hard, baby..."
"Do you like seeing her covered in cum, Rick?" I asked.
"Yeah," he said, his breath starting to come short.
"Do you like fucking her when she's full of my cum?" I asked.
"Yeah," he said, slamming harder and harder.
"I want to fuck her again when you fill her up," I said, and he came, pressing himself against her as tightly as he could.
"Give me your cum, honey," Laura whispered. He grunted and groaned, and eventually moved aside and I took his place, still as hard as ever, and went back to hammering her hard.
She felt even hotter and wetter, and this time I only lasted a few minutes before I blew as well, and as I arched my back and pumped her full of cum, she reached up with her weak arms to pull me down against her. We kissed, getting cum and sweat all over my face, and we stayed that way for a couple of minutes, gently grinding against each other and kissing deeply. Eventually, my softening cock fell out of her and I moved over to collapse on the bed beside her.
After that, we all lay in bed together, worn out, for probably an hour or so. Nobody made a move to clean up this time, just reveling in what a mess we all were. There was more lazy, gentle fondling, and Laura sucked my cock a little, but we were done with serious fucking. After a while, Rick offered to drive me home. We cleaned up a little and said good-bye to Laura, who was settling in to a hot bath.
The next few days were pretty low key. I was happy for that, or at least I thought so at times. I didn't want them to get tired of me, but I also kind of worried that maybe they already were. We exchanged a few emails, and they both reminded me of when Laura's birthday was, so I was pretty confident that it was going to last, but I also knew that any day, they could decide it was bad for their relationship and put an end to it.
Thoughts of that last possibility were starting to crowd in on me more and more by the end of the following week. I was starting to get worried. I also realized that I needed to start dating again, because I was putting way too many eggs in one basket, counting on a married couple as my only outlet for sex or companionship. As the end of the week approached, we emailed a bit and realized our schedules weren't really lining up. I wouldn't be seeing them.
Or so I thought, until I got a text from Laura, with Rick copied, around 5 PM on Friday. I was home already, about 20 minutes into a workout on the elliptical.
"Hi sexy," it read. "Would it be okay if I stopped by your place for a minute?"
I paused my workout. "Of course," I replied. "When?"
"Five minutes, lol?" she replied.
I literally laughed out loud, but I wished I was a hell of a lot cleaner than I was.
"I'm all sweaty, working out, but come by if you want," I told her.
"K! See you in a minute!" she replied.
I didn't know if it was just her or both of them. I wiped my face with a towel and went downstairs. I'd just had time to get a glass of water in the kitchen when I heard her heels on the doorstep and the doorbell rang. I took a deep breath and answered the door.
It was Seattle in winter, so it was already dark at 5. She stood out there in the dim glow of my porch light, her black coat open in front. Under it, she was wearing a black and gray plaid skirt suit, the skirt only barely longer than the long, double-breasted jacket, falling about midway between her ass and her knees. She had black stockings on, and black, over the knee, high-heeled leather boots.
"Hey," she said, waving.
"Oh my god, come in," I said, standing aside and waving her in.
She smiled wide and came in, brushing past me to stand in the entryway, and I closed the door and turned to face her. I was in a sweaty t-shirt, running shorts, and sneakers and I felt massively underdressed.
"You look amazing," I said. "Did you wear that to work?"
"I did," she said. "I'm loosening up a little. Told 'em Ricky and I were going out tonight."
"Well... come on in, can I get you a drink?" I asked.
"No," she said, and started taking off her coat. "Jim, if I go any further into your house I'm gonna end up begging you to fuck me, and that's not what I'm supposed to be doing."
I watched as she hung her coat on an empty hook of my coat rack. Then she started taking off her suit jacket.
"So... what's up?" I asked.
"Well," she said, "Ricky and I aren't going out tonight."
She hung her suit jacket too. She was wearing a sheer white blouse, and I could just barely make out her bra beneath it, in a different shade of white.
"You mind if I call him?" she asked, reaching into her coat pocket for her phone.
"No," I said. My cock was getting hard, hell it was fully erect by the time she dialed Rick, tenting out the front of my running shorts. After dialing him, she stood there staring at my cock.
Rick answered, and she put him on speaker phone.
"Hey honey," she said. "I'm here at Jim's. He's all hard. You know I like that."
"Hey Jim," he said.
"Hey Rick," I said. "Your wife is fucking gorgeous, you know."
He laughed. "Yeah, I know."
Laura laughed too, and bent to set the phone down on the secretary desk in the entryway.
"She's a dirty little slut, too," she said. When she stood straight again, she turned and put her hands against the wall and spread her legs, causing her skirt to ride up a little.
"Jesus," I said.
"Why don't you take that pretty dick out?" she asked.
I pulled my shorts and briefs down a little and it sprang out. I stroked it slowly, staring at Laura's ass.
"Oh yeah," she said. "I like that. Ricky baby, his dick is so big and hard."
"Are you coming over, Rick?" I asked, still wondering what was going on.
"No, he's at home," Laura answered for him. "He's all set up, ready to fuck my ass for the first time, isn't he?"
"That's right," he said.
"I was bad at work today, Jim," she said, reaching back with one hand to the hem of her skirt and slowly pulling it up. "I was a little slutty, not that they knew."
When her skirt came up over her ass, I saw she was wearing crotchless suspender tights with no panties. After staring slack-jawed at her amazing bare ass for a second, she shifted a little to give me a more direct view and I saw a little glimmer of chrome. She was wearing the steel butt plug we'd bought at Babeland.
"Oh damn," I said. "You were a little slutty today, weren't you?"
"You've got no idea," she said. "Or maybe you do. You ever wear a butt plug all day at work? Sit back in your chair and let it press in a little harder while somebody's in your office talking to you?"
"No, I haven't," I said.
She rubbed her bare ass with her hand and then reached down to take hold of the chrome base of the plug. She pulled a little, and bent over a little farther to give me a better view. Her asshole bulged a little as she pulled, and I could see it was slick with lube.
"It feels so sexy, Jim," she said. "I owe you for picking it out."
"Oh yeah?" I asked. "How are you going to repay?" I kept stroking slowly.
She kept pulling on the plug base, then releasing, letting it pop back in. Watching her asshole stretch like that was driving me crazy.
"Well it's too early to let you fuck me," she said. "But I wish you could. I wish you could step right up and slide your big dick into my pussy. Push this plug in when you slam into me. Make me cum all over your dick."
"Fuck, I wish we could do that, too," I said.
"But I figure Ricky's gonna fuck my ass in just a little bit. What if you came right on my asshole for me, Jim? Really make me a mess, so when I get home, Ricky sees your cum running down my legs into my stockings. Sees my asshole is all sticky with your cum?"
I stepped closer, my cock head just inches from her asshole. I was mesmerized.
"Ricky's gonna put his dick in my little asshole, Jim," she continued. "I'd love it if some of your cum was in there, too. Just stroke it for me, baby. Stroke that big dick."
I did as she asked, stroking my sweaty cock, pointing it straight at her asshole.
"Yeah, that's it, baby," she said. "Ricky honey, his dick looks so good. I wish you were here to suck it for him."
"Me too," he said, sounding a little breathless over the phone.
"You could lick my little asshole," she said, "then suck his big dick, and then when he came on my asshole, you could lick it up for me. Would you like that, Jim?"
"Fuck yeah, I would," I said. I was stroking steady but still kind of slow. I wanted to make it last so I would shoot a big load. Luckily I hadn't had an orgasm for a couple of days, as jerking off alone wasn't as much fun when I was anticipating getting together with them.
"Oh baby, I wonder what your big dick would do to my asshole?" she asked. "It's so big, I know it would hurt. Do you think it would hurt me, Jim?"
"It would, yeah," I said. "Until you got used to it."
"I'm really looking forward to Ricky fucking my ass tonight," she said. "I told him I was gonna let him do it this morning. Have you been thinking about it all day, baby?"
"Yes, I have," Rick said.
"You're ready to fuck my dirty little asshole?" she asked.
"Yes!" he said.
"All covered in Jim's cum? It's gonna be hot I bet," she said, and then started pulling harder at the base of the plug. She gasped as it came all the way out, and I did, too. Her little asshole contracted up tight again and she pressed the point of the plug back against it and pushed.
"Oh god, that feels so good," she said. "So dirty. I can't believe y'all want to fuck my dirty asshole for me."
"More than you can believe," I said, suddenly much closer to coming.
"Maybe you could just put the tip in a little bit when you cum," she told me. The plug popped back into her asshole. "Fill me up for Ricky."
"It's not your birthday yet," I said, stroking a little faster.
"But what if I want that big beautiful dick inside me, baby? You're gonna tell me no?" she said, pulling hard again, making the plug pop out then rapidly putting it back in. She was fucking her own ass with the plug now, right in front of me.
"Not yet," I said. "Those are the rules."
"Then just give me your cum, baby," she said, sounding a little more feral then, almost growling. "Give me your cum while I fuck my little asshole for you. Give it to me. Make me a mess, baby. I'm your slut, make me a mess."
And at that I cried out and came, shooting a thick, hot stream of cum directly onto the base of the butt plug, then more on the floor. She got down on her hands and knees quickly, her ass arched up toward me, and I stooped to aim a little better, the next few pulses of jizz dripping into her ass crack. The base of the plug was totally swimming in my cum, and she reached back to manipulate the plug and push some cum into her asshole.
After a few more convulsions, I fell to my knees right behind her, gasping for air. She was fucking her ass with the plug again, rocking her hips as she did it, and I stared at her bare pussy, already slick with her own wetness, with my cum starting to drip down it.
"Rub my pussy for me, baby?" she asked, sounding desperate.
I stayed mute, staring, my dick in my hand.
"Please, baby?" she begged. "I need to cum. Please."
"Do it for her, Jim," Rick said quietly over the phone. I didn't wait another second. I reached up with my jizz-covered hand and rubbed two fingers between her lips, up and down.
"Ohhhh!" she moaned, still fucking her ass with the plug as my cum continued to drip down her, into her stockings. "Yeah baby, come on, rub my clit."
I found her stiff little clit and circled it with my slick fingers and she started shivering immediately.
"Harder!" she said, and I bore down hard, just rubbing back and forth. She just started grunting then, let go of the plug, and fell down on her elbows on the floor. She grunted and said "yeah, yeah, yeah," quietly as I rubbed her clit, and she was getting closer and closer to orgasm.
"Two more weeks," I said. "Two more weeks and I'm going to fuck you good and deep."
"Yeah, yeah," she moaned. "Do it..."
"I'm going to fuck your pussy, and your mouth. Rick and I are going to pass you back and forth and fuck you senseless," I said.
"Oh yeah, fuck me, Jim," she pleaded. "Just fuck me now."
"No," I said. "Not yet. I'm going to blindfold you, and tie you down, and then I'm going to have a girlfriend come in and sit on your face while I fuck your tight, wet pussy. Would you like that? Do you want me to make you eat pussy?"
"Oh... oh..." was all she said, but her hips started twitching uncontrollably and suddenly she was coming, and she was incredibly wet. Her wetness splashed out around my fingers and droplets hit the entryway floor.
"Oh fuck, oh god!" she yelled out and fell forward, face down on the floor.
I stayed kneeling there, staring at her, her skirt pulled up over her hips, her asshole drenched in my cum that had already run down into her stocking tops, her supple leather boots... I wanted her more than ever. She was laying there, catching her breath. I licked my fingers clean, and loved the taste of her.
"I could fuck your ass right now," I said, without thinking. "I could fuck her ass for you, Rick."
Neither of them said anything.
"I could pull out that little plug and slip my cock in. Stretch you wide. Fill you with my cum. If you wanted it."
They were still quiet.
"What do you say, Rick?" I asked. "Do you want her full of my cum? Do you want to feel my cum in there when you fuck her ass?"
Neither of them said anything still, but Laura slowly turned over onto her back. She looked me right in the eyes and spread her legs wide, drawing her heels up to rest on the floor. She reached a finger down into her ass crack to scoop up a little cum, and, watching me the whole time, brought it to her mouth to lick it clean.
"Mmm," she moaned. "I should get going. Unless you want to put some cum on my face for me, Jim. Should I go home with your cum on my face and my asshole?"
"Yeah," I said. My cock was already getting hard again and I walked forward on my knees, pushing her back to lay on the floor and then moving up to straddle her so my cock was right over her face.
"Come on, baby," she whispered, over and over again as I jerked off furiously.
"Come on, give it to me," she said. "Picture Ricky's dick in my ass, baby. Imagine me crying cause it hurts. Imagine you're fucking my mouth while he's fucking my dirty... little... asshole..."
She licked her lips, then arched her neck up a little to lick my balls, slowly, lapping at them. After just a minute of that, I pressed her head back and came, spraying several jets of cum onto her face, hair, and blouse. She smiled and laughed while I groaned above her. Finally, I got off her and slumped to kneel with my back against a wall. She crawled past me to whisper into her phone, "I'm on my way home, baby," and then she hung up the call.
Her ass was right in front of me, slick with my cum, the chrome plug base still shining there. She turned and stood in front of me, her bare pussy glistening. Her hands went to the hem of her skirt to start to pull it down, but she paused. I was panting, looking up at her pussy, and she reached out to put her hands in my hair.
"I've only got a minute, baby," she said, inching forward to press her pussy into my face. "Give me another one."
She pulled my head toward her and simultaneously pressed her hips forward, grinding her cunt against my mouth. I licked and sucked like a madman, turned on to no end by how aggressive she was being.
"You know what I'm gonna be thinking about when Ricky fucks my ass?" she asked, breathing heavily. "I'm gonna be thinking about that big, fat dick of yours, Jim. Thinking about you sticking it all the way up my pussy and making me cum. Thinking about you holding me down and shoving it in my dirty little asshole."
I licked and licked, and finally zeroed in on her clit and sucked it as she pulled my hair.
"You want that big dick in my asshole?" she asked.
I moaned mm-hmm! and kept going.
"You want me to be your slut? Take me out and fuck me in a restaurant bathroom? Fuck me in the parking lot? Make me cum?"
And then she was coming, grinding her pussy against me even harder, fucking my face back so my head hit the wall, her beautiful, long legs shaking.
"Oh, fuck!" she yelled, and pushed herself away from me. She pulled her skirt down haphazardly with one hand while she grabbed her jacket and coat with the other. She turned to head to the door, and I saw her legs were still shaking as she bent to pick up her phone.
"Thank you, baby," she said, breathless, and went out the door.