"God! After a day like today I don't want to go deal with Mace."
Piper Cherry pulled out of the parking lot of Horton-Dexter High School feeling more alive than usual. Having just walked out of the school totally nude with eyes all over her spectacular body she was high on life. Her last minute chat with Principal Carl Manley was inspiring, he giving her explicit permission to push her exhibitionist boundaries beyond their limits. Not just the chance to show off more, but to engage in sex on the grounds. Something she had already done mind you, but without officially getting a thumbs up by her fearless leader. Of course, she would have done everything he suggested anyways, she had no intentions of going back to the woman she was. Even at home, her new agreement with her nephew to run around nude in front of him made her mind more focused than ever. That part was easy, keeping her nephew's lust under control another thing entirely. Her own lust was bad enough.
Noticing she was being tailed by her fair share of admirers from Detention Piper smirked, "Maybe going straight home can wait. It's not like I have to head home to deal with Mace right away. God! I wish I hadn't watched him and the cheerleaders fucking in my bed, or even all three girls giving him a BJ. It's like I have my own personal porn channel on my cell, except it's over my security cameras. I think that's why I let what I did happen in Detention. After the first Detention I craved more attention out of the boys and they definitely didn't let me down. Problem is the more I let this stuff happen the more I want to go all the way. This new me is downright bestial. Honestly, if they would have broke loyalty and just took me down I'd have still been upstairs going at it. I need laid dammit!" Passing her in a fly by Finn Rice and Maynard Smooth honked loudly and gave her a thumbs up. They knew she was still naked after talking to Carl in the school lot. Her driving home without a stitch on was perfect.
"Hey! Why are you guys not pulling me over?" She giggled stressfully, "Come back here." She concluded that they had better things...girls to do. "That reminds me I need to talk to the cheerleaders first thing in the morning and see how they feel about what I want them to do at the football game. They have their routines down to a science but I want to see where their heads are at in my idea of distracting our opposition and give our boys a better chance at winning."
Another breeze by set of cars, one literally stopping at a stop sign, waiting on her to pull beside next to them made her cock an eyebrow, they were blocking oncoming traffic from the other direction. Stepping from the car via passenger doors both Corey Samson and his buddy Nolan stood with their dicks in hand showing off for her.
"Hey Miss Cherry." Nolan chuckled, "Can we get a ride?"
"You have a car." She smirks, "I don't pick up bitchhikers."
"Awwww!" Corey laughed, "We missed out during Detention." It was true somehow they were not in attendance.
"Your loss. I was handcuffed and helpless. Snooze you lose." She razzed them then looked in her rear view mirror at oncoming cars. After selecting side streets going home just to explore she found the current street fairly lifeless.
"SHIT! CAR COMING." The driver Percy St. Croix called out from behind the wheel.
"Fuck!" Corey started to put his beast away when Piper tooted her horn.
"Along side the curb up there." She pointed then drove through the stop sign easing off to park. She sat there waiting until Percy pulled up in front of her and joined his buddies in racing to her SUV. With the car interference gunning past them the boys gathered around her car door. Leering over her window frame Corey saw her tits better. She opted to wink at him and hit the recline switch, her seat back buzzing until she was outstretched behind her wheel. Touching herself she massaged her clit and let the trio of boys watch her.
"Doors are unlocked." She huffs. Hearing her offer Percy and Corey hit the back seat while Nolan called shotgun in the front passenger seat. Once all inside they watched Piper playing with herself. "Joining me or just watching?"
"You're letting us jerk off in your car?" Percy, newer toward her ways chuckled.
"If you hurry...I don't believe I know you yet. Should I be doing this around you?"
"Percy's cool Miss Cherry. Wrestling team is all. Can we invite him to Detention sometime?"
"As long as he keeps quiet about what goes on there. Here in my car for that matter."
"Air tight Miss Cherry. Fuck you're a goddess."
"That's sweet. Now let's not take forever, the houses we're parked in front of might think the worst and call the cops."
"My dad's a cop. I'd get you off." Nolan admitted.
"I'd rather we get off before you have to put in a good word with him." In response Nolan sat sideways in his seat and took his dick back out, stroking it before her eyes.
"Can we cum on you?" Corey asked hovering as much as he could over her reclined seat by standing as lofty as possible on the floorboard, his dick right over her face. "Most of us didn't get to that first time in Detention."
"Whoa!" Percy reacted in shock, "Some of the guys got to jizz on you? Holy shit! How am I just now hearing this?"
"Loyalty Bro. We know how to protect our people."
"Yet, Percy here seems to be aware of my activities?"
"My fault." Corey admitted, "I was watching your video and he snuck up behind me. I swore him to secrecy. He only saw two minutes tops I swear."
"It's true. Trust me I tried to get him to show me more."
"None of us are perfect but we do wanna keep you happy Miss Cherry." Nolan adds.
"I'll know I can't trust you when I lose my job." She knew she wouldn't as long as Carl Manley had his say. "On my body, not my face. No bragging to others about this. I want to be in control of what I allow. If I hear, but Corey got to...or Nolan said he...then I'll cut everyone off and I do my best to be normal. Got it?"
"Got it!" The three spoke as one.
"I'm glad Manley gave you the job." Nolan perked up from his jerking hands friction. "Best thing to happen to Horton-Dexter."
"I keep hearing that." She rubs her clit delicately, stimulating both herself and their attentive gaze, "You three need to stop talking and work those peckers harder."
"Trying to, I'm not used to getting off around other guys." Percy shared his reasoning.
"Corey there doesn't appear to be having trouble." She tilts her skull backwards over her head rest, eyes exploring what Corey Samson was doing. Even though she had informed them that they could only jerk off on her body he was riding high right over her face. Peering up at him she stuck her tongue out at him for his defiance, she left it at that for now. Seeing her tongue he acted as if he were going to slap the crown of his cock on it, in doing so felt her long blond curls brush along his scrotum. She eyeballed him predicting his ignorance but played along.
Nolan next to her repositioned up on his knees, one hand jerking, the other planted on the cloth lining of the SUV's ceiling. He was trying to get as close as possible even with her center console in his way. He was still close enough to fire upon her 38D's. Percy in back had no room to even get near her for the large builds of his friends in such a confined space. Dissatisfied by barely getting a worthy look at her body he looked around outside the car door windows for traffic and homeowners who might be watching. With no one in sight at the moment he put his dick away but left his pants undone. Opening the back door he jumped out and left the door open. Circling the bumper he moved in next to Piper and opened her drivers door.
"Fuck yeah! Much better view." He muttered and pulled his dick back out. His erection topping in size seconds after touch with his new visual aid, he was back in business. Piper finding him closing in from her left tilted her scalp higher to see him, in doing so Corey's cock rolled across her forehead. Laughing at their starving approaches she began fingering herself a bit more, fingers dipping deep.
"FUCK ME!" She huffed, "I'm liking this outdoor stuff."
"So are we." Corey laughed, "We should go to the park and fuck."
"I never once said I'd fuck any of you." She rolled her eyes and collapsed her head back on to her seat. Even though she had allowed a select few to penetrate her cunt albeit briefly they didn't know of it yet. It was better to see if those that were invited kept their mouths shut. Time would tell!
"You can't tell me you don't want to. I can hear how wet your pussy is every time you finger yourself." Nolan chimes in.
"I'm horny..." She hissed, "Doesn't mean I'm inviting you inside me."
"How can you not want us in a situation like this?"
"I never said I didn't want it, I'm just not doing it. I'd love nothing more than a hard cock up my any of my lovely holes."
"Every hole? There's three of us." Nolan adds feeling really close to detonation.
Arching her back at her private insertions Piper began to answer when Corey's cock literally slid across her parted lips fumbling her speech. In his friction fury he had his foreskin rubbing her nose, her exhale fueling his moment as it flowed over his beast.
"Every hole sounds wonderful, just not today." She managed to speak, her lips tickling his skin. "Too close Mister Samson." Not that her assessment was heard, he had his eyes closed and was groaning up a bestial storm.
In his own outdoor predicament at being so low to the ground, unable to even shoot her when ready, Percy challenged himself by using her Oh Shit! handle inside her door to pull himself up on to the threshold. His weight rocking her vehicle he stood in a crouch over her belly where he had a better line of fire. Piper closed her eyes moaning, her own readiness near. Squealing at her steady insertions of one hand, her opposite rubbing her clit. That left her mighty chest crushed together like melons making love.
Just as Piper closed in on her orgasm, yelping repeatedly under Corey's grazing cock Nolan showered her with cum from her right side, milking a trail of thick white ooze over her gyrating breast. Her peaking nipple feeling a nice warm snowcap she exhaled a scalding gust across Corey's intimidating cock. Percy unable to control himself assaulted her left breast and upper torso, her active arm getting in the way also found some affection.
Corey above her as her yelping increased, her mouth gaping wider, head tilting to enjoy her oncoming squirt ended up with his urethra sending thick threads of cum along her bottom teeth on the inside, over her lower lip and on to her chin. Ignoring his jettison in the one area she didn't want coated Piper sprayed a healthy waterfall over her knuckles, raining down on her floorboard. Nerve endings twitching everywhere Piper just laid there breathing heavily. Cum taste on her tongue she took her clit fingers and wiped her chin and mouth, she regardless swallowed a tiny portion. Bragging rights for Corey Samson she concluded.
"FUCKING AWESOME!!" Corey boasted, "Sorry I couldn't help it, bad angle."
"Sure it was. Percy's angle was worse and he at least hit his target." She eyed Percy who lost his stance and nearly fell on his ass, his grip unable to support his weight any further. Once on his feet he started laughing and put his pecker away wet.
"Mad respect Miss Cherry. You might need your car detailed after that. I know a good car wash about six blocks from here. My cousin Byron manages it I can get you done for free."
Using her electric trigger to bring her car seat back upright she sat there feeling their combined cum trickling over her body. Noticing her own flood dripping from her seat she fidgeted, "You might be right. You boys can clean up your mess."
Nolan reaches across her chest and wipes his cum from her tit, copping a feel in the process, "Perfect tits I swear."
"Almost! I'm pretty amazed how gravity is treating me at my age, considering I'm not fond of bra's, panties either."
"Please don't ever wear those again." Corey huffed zipping up and settling back in his seat to catch his breath, "It's cool as hell the short dresses you wear and letting guys look at you. Ask you a question?"
"Sure."
"Heard Dundee lifted your skirt up to your waist in the hallway. Everyone saw your twat. How did that make you feel?"
"I was soooo embarrassed, I could have peed." She played it off then laughed, "NOT! You know darn well how I felt. Today has been a pretty fucking erotic day. You boys just topped it off."
"Right I heard you danced in wood shop for the class while Mr. Rice nailed his girlfriend in his office. Wish I'd been there to see that." Nolan sat back in his own seat leering toward her.
"Fun until the sawdust made me itch. I took a shower in the girls locker room." She omitted Megan and Dirk being there with her.
"Try the boys locker room next time." Corey chuckled, "We'll shower with you."
"Oh that's coming Buddy Boy." She giggled, "It's on my Fuckit List. When the time is right. I like being spontaneous. I think I need a shower again, feeling sticky now."
"Car wash?" Percy posed his brilliant idea a second time.
"Fuck yeah!" Nolan sat up straight excitedly palming the dash, "I'll spray you down."
"With the magic wand?" She giggled, "I don't think so, see this tiny scar?" She shows her left knuckle with a tiny healed over cut mark, "I used a hose one time and pressed the trigger to hard, the jet tore right through my skin. Never healed after that."
"I swear I won't push the handle in too hard. Just a mist."
"Mist opportunity." She laughed looking at him devilishly, "Is this car wash single stalls?"
"No." Percy offers more info, "It's a big car wash, they even change oil there. It's a track car wash, put it in neutral and brushes soap the car. Guys swarm the outside and dry it off. If you have time I can get you totally serviced for free. Oil change even."
"Had my oil changed just before my move from Atlanta. Just a wash and interior detail." She agreed.
"Body shower." Corey encouraged.
"Fine! Let's do it. I'm still horny anyway. Question though, the guys there going to call the cops on us for my nudity?"
"Hell no. I've heard stories about women going through there nude just like you're going to do. Heck one couple fucked while on the track, the gang watched them finish up."
"Mmmmm! Car wash fantasy is on my list. I'll follow you."
"Hold up. Percy you ride with Miss Cherry. I'll drive your car and stop at the Hollar General across the street from Suds McKenzie's and grab her a bar of soap."
"Suds McKenzie's? That's hilarious." She giggled loving the boys at the moment. "So much better than just going home and taking a hot bath."
"Fucking aye!" Nolan grinned at Corey. "Let's hit it."
Piper shook her head, "What am I getting myself into?"
"Today we just make a point. You can have fun outside of school, just whistle and we got your back in public too." Nolan finished his plea bargain and hoped out his passenger side door, Percy running around and stealing his seat.
"Don't wreck my car." Percy snapped pointing at Corey.
"It's six blocks, relax Jackson."
"Ha! Percy Jackson. You kind of look like him." Piper smirked, "That's your nickname from now on."
"Can I ask a favor?" He grins at her but darts his gaze toward his car pulling away with screeching tires, "Fuck you Samson."
"Right behind him just calm down." She peels out just as Corey had done making Percy bulge his eyes, "What's your favor?"
"At the car wash...can you...be extra sexy?"
"I'm always extra sexy." She winces with a scowl, "How so?"
"I just want my cousin to freak out more than just seeing a hot girl naked."
"Sooo...masturbate on the hood of my Edge?"
"That'd be cool. I know you like teasing guys...just...extra effort?"
"Percy...what are you expecting?"
"Nothing! Just have fun."
"That's the plan isn't it? I'll think of something to be extra sexy. Only thing I ask is rescue me if the guys get too crazy."
"They won't. My cousin would fire them."
"Good! You can rub my leg if you want to." She winked. "Now I mean." He chuckled at her wink and reached over to caress her thigh. "You can do that in school too."
"Up in Detention?"
"Anywhere. I intend to expand my...sensuality. All I ask is be aware just like me of who sees it and how old they are. Discretion is priority over coping a feel. Understood?"
"Yep! I bet you're wild in bed."
"Bestial." She growls playfully at him, "Just ask Roger Dundee come Monday, we have a date over the weekend."
"Nice! Glad you've found a boyfriend."
"I wouldn't go that far just yet. Fuck buddy with an advantage I'd call him."
"Advantage how?"
"I aim to do anything and everything that man tells me." She wiggles her brows.
"Wish I had that kind of power over you." He laughed.
"My fantasies are vast Jackson. Perhaps I'll put everyone's name in a hat and whomever I pick out gets to use me for an hour." She smirks then leans closer, "That tell you what I'm like?"
"Can I put my name in the hat 50 times?" He laughs, "The car wash is on the corner to your left." He points out as Corey whips into the Dollar General across the street from it. "Enter from the side over there."
"On it."
"So...if you don't want to fuck any of the guys...what good would drawing names out of a hat be?"
"Come on Percy...I'm stalling them for a reason. Can you keep a secret?"
"If I blab just shoot me."
"I'll break down...I know me. I need sex...dedicated nympho."
"Please make me your first." Of course he wasn't but sooner or later he would find out. His plea looked pathetic!
"We'll see." She razzes him, "Follow the yellow brick road?" She winds her SUV along a yellow path leading around the building. A line of four cars ahead of her she pulls in behind them.
"Let me out here, I'll run in and give Byron a heads up."
"I'll be here sitting sexy." She smiles as he departs in a blur, racing ahead of the other cars. While waiting as Percy enters a tiny gatehouse where a man was taking money and printing tickets for what each customer asked for, Piper eyed the residents in the other cars. The lead entrant was a woman with a child in a car seat. "Wonderful! Off to a bad start already." Lone guy in the next car. Couple in the third. Another single man in the one just ahead of her SUV. "Maybe I'll get lucky and the kiddy car will be gone before I get through the tunnel. The couple might be tricky timing though."
Seeing Percy returning with a man in his late 20's she presumed it to be Byron. "Oooo! Cousin Byron is cute. Matthew McConaughey looks, with muscles. Piper likey!" Reaching her drivers door Byron leans his palms on her window sill and takes in her beauty.
"Well I'll be damned! Percy wasn't kidding. What issues of Hustler can I find you in?"
"Byron I presume?" She smirks.
"That be me, Byron McKenzie. Counsellor Cherry I hear." Trust in Percy went down a notch mentioning her occupation and last name. Sighing she let it go.
"Different last names but not counting, she cautiously admitted not revealing her former married name of Liberty, that would be bad. "You can call me Piper."
"Rather just call you."
"I'll put your number in my hat." She winks, "Private joke, right Jackson?"
"Yep! We good doing this Byron?" He pleaded with his eyes.
"Kind of slow right now, I don't see why not. After you enter I'll put the blockade rail up to discourage any other drive by temptations. My employee Sal can tell people out of order."
"Where's the fun in that?" She frowns.
"Protecting our interests...can't have kids seeing you. That lead car going in will be rushed through I'll call to the other side and tell them to be quick."
"Shower with me Byron?" She flirts with mischievous eyes.
"I'll think on it." With two cars proceeding in he ushered her to pull up and coaxed Percy to assist in putting the gate up behind her bumper. Watching them in her rearview mirror she squeezed her breasts, sighing at how handsome Byron was. Thoughts on Percy's request of being extra sexy plagued her at the moment. Nibbling her lower lip she formed possibilities in her head.
"I suppose I could fuck Byron in front of everyone. If he wants to that is. He might like an ego boost. Should I go that far though? As much as a nice thick cock in me sounds delicious I really should wait until Roger has me all to himself Saturday. Detention was just too stimulating letting a few of the boys put their dicks in me, even if it was just a once in, once out seduction. Hopefully they don't blab and make everyone else want a turn. At least I don't have Detention tomorrow thanks to Roger helping me out due to the game. Of course, I did want to surprise Roger secretly. One thing at a time." She sighs as the car in front of her enters, two men up ahead handling pressure hoses, cleaning the car's under carriage, trim and tire rims. It took no time at all before the automatic track escorted the car into the tornado of whirling brushes.
A pat on her door from Byron drew her back to reality, "You're up Beautiful. Once we get your car washed on the outside I can usher it into our detail shop. While the interior gets cleaned Percy can shower you with low pressure wands for safety."
"How many workers are on the other side?"
"Six. They're trustworthy. I'm gonna walk Percy back through the shop next to you there and prep the guys." He drops to folded arms on her window frame and smirks, "Gotta say, I've seen gals nude come through here but you're by far the hottest."
"Awww! Flattery will get your back washed."
"Still thinking on that." He winks, "Let you know when I strip out of my uniform."
"Fingers crossed." She blows him a kiss.
"Other end of the wash will have the garage doors pulled down to prevent prying eyes. Do anything you want."
"Does that include you?"
"Never fucked a Pornstar before."
"Did I pull into Studs McKenzie's?"
"Something like that."
"Percy wants me to be extra sexy, any ideas?"
"We could all shower with you." He chuckles.
"Would you? Would they? I'm willing."
"Can't hurt to ask. Meet you on the flipside." He whistles to let his boys know she was on her way. "Windows up."
"Legs too." She grins sheepishly, windows going up at the touch of a finger she drives forward at their direction until her tires lock on the towing chain. Gear in neutral she guides her seat back and puts her feet up on the dash. Guys waving at her chuckling they begin the exterior rinse. Her fingers went straight to her pussy and masturbated, watching their interest in her activities within. Peering in at her on both sides as they rinse the two rambled about her being one fine ass bitch. She could handle that compliment.
Moaning began the second her car started slowly being tugged forward into the storm. Hot wax, water, rapid brushes jostling her about gently Piper Cherry enjoyed her moment of peace. Three minutes tops she saw light of day on the other side through a shower of water cleansing the soap off. Sure enough six guys were waiting, along with Percy, Byron, Corey, and Nolan, the man in the car just ahead of her was pulling out of the garage. Alone at last she sighed burying digits up inside her wonderfully messy cunt.
Glancing to her right toward a detail center she found two more men finishing up a car within, the owner of the vehicle no where in sight. Waiting room perhaps? Time would tell. As the chain tugger ceased moving her tires rolled off of it a couple feet forcing her to lower her feet and put her Ford Edge in drive to proceed out of the wind tunnel drying her exterior. Easing a good twenty feet before halting she then put her car in park. Feet returning to her dash she let the attending rag warriors dry the outside of her car. She was surrounded by peeping toms admiring her tender moans, fingers probing in and out of her, her beguiling gaze of sparkling eyes returning lustful favors. There was that word favor again.
"Ohhh Percy." She sighed, "Extra sexy it is." Bringing her feet back down she opened her car door, lowered her drivers side window then turned sideways in her seat. Right leg propping her foot through the window, left leg dangling toward the concrete below. Once again fingers sank within her glistening labia, rubbing a bit before insertion just to entice the men facing her, totally at a stand still in their drying detail.
Chins rubbed while inspecting her talents, her beautiful mounds restrained side by side as her elbow clung to the steering wheel, left hand busy, Piper flirted with her unblinking eyes. In awe of her perfection the men were frozen in time, so unbudgingly that it took a bit of effort for Corey and Nolan to creep through to her car door. Corey plucked up her right foot through the window and grinned, "I know what makes you really crazy."
"Don't you dare." She giggles as Corey plants her toes in his mouth. Her eyelids instantly blinked, then offered white orbs of reacting to his stealing of her soul, sole as well. Nolan kneeling obtained her left foot and began his own tour of kissing one toe at a time. Breaking into a breathless giggle she huffs, "I'm soooo getting even later."
Her balance lost she toppled backwards over the front spacing between dash and center console, her right hand now on the passenger side floorboard. Unexpectedly the passenger door swung open and one of the employees there at Sud's crawled partially inside sitting hip to her scalp. Eyes returning halfway in sight she peered up at him as he reached across her chest and started caressing her areolas, nipples of course lightly pinched.
"FUCK ME!" Her usual response heard by the attendants for the first time made them consider it an offer. It wasn't, only being her nervous response each time she knew she was in trouble. Left hand fingers unable to continue penetration she grabbed at her seatbelt for support. With her legs wide and inviting Byron stepped through his crew and got his first good look at her glorious pink succulence, her labia tight and not as meaty as he expected.
"Damn that's one nice cunt." He found himself leaning in over her thighs, his left hand claiming her old haunt the steering wheel, right hand teasing her clit for reaction to his touch. Piper trembled and looked narrowly over her crushed together chest, her groper slightly blocking the view.
"P-p-putty." She mumbled. Piper's toes being sucked on always made her retreat into her mind numbly, her kryptonite she always called it. Her body was truly lost in control, leaving her at the mercy of others. Not that she was complaining.
"What was that?" Byron grinned, "Did you just say p-p-pussy?" His fingers entered her for the first time making her ass lift from her seat slightly.
"Y-y-yes! Yep!" Was all she could reply with. Good enough for her. In a savage response Byron increased his digging deeper inside her, rapidly moving in and out, twisting every fifth plunge to rally her G-spot into sensitivity. Byron McKenzie knew exactly what he was doing. Percy peering over his shoulder was filming it with his cell. Everyone considered her a Pornstar, Piper was fine with it. Plenty more movies to make.
Under the dedicated assault of Byron's twists of fate Piper was crying out and cumming all over his knuckles, adding more juices on her car seat to be cleaned later. Nothing could waver Byron's demand that she have a multiple orgasm just to look impressive to his crew. Seeing Percy recording a blur of cell cams came into play from all angles. Backseat doors were opening and men were moving in on all sides of her. A hand claiming her available breast she huffed, "MOTHERFUCKER!" in a good way.
Eyes retreating behind her brow again Piper tensed up and squirted so hard that Byron's crotch got wet in the dam's burst. Brain function was near a dead zone as her body convulsed. Finding her screaming orgasm perfect Byron pulled out his wet fingers and reached over between her breast attenders and planted his fingers between her lips. Mind blown or not she sucked on his fingers with a look of fulfillment and a whimper of delight.
Dragging his fingers away from her lips was a struggle, it was obvious she loved her taste, his demands. Standing up straight he guided Percy to replace him, stealing his cell to record for him, "You're up Cuz."
"Wait! What?" Percy bulged his eyes, "What do I do?" To his shock both Nolan and Corey reach over and grabbed belt loops on Percy's jeans and tugged. Looking at them from side to side Percy offered a queer expression. It took a gently revived Piper to poise a hand toward him. Seeing her he knew something was on her mind. Hoarsely Piper whispers, "Am I sexy?"
Percy fumbled slightly in his response but found his balls, "Fuck yes." With a little difficulty performing in front of others Percy unzipped his pants and dug in for his snug erection. Hearing Byron's crew tell him, "We're not here." gave Percy the confidence to ease in and rub his six inch cock along her weeping tunnel, teasing amid her labia for soft moans enjoying his caress. "I...I don't want to ruin our friendship Miss Cherry."
"How many men are here?"
"Uhhh? Eleven."
"I give you eleven thrusts without any loss of confidence in you." She finds her words available. Beside Percy Corey Samson taps a knuckle on his leg to get his attention. A thumbs up from his buddy Percy swallowed and lined his crown up to Piper's sweet canal. Easing forward into the heat Percy closed his eyes and sank within her drenched pussy until he felt his balls press against her thighs.
"FUCK ME!" She mumbles at his embedded member balls deep. She hadn't really planned on letting any of these boys take her but Percy seemed the sweetest, even somewhat level headed. The head on his cock was hardly level, he had a worthy arch to his primal climb. A second to absorb that he was truly inside the hottest bitch in Nashville, Percy started his thrust, hips rising and falling as guys around him called out each entry by number. Piper whimpered, "Ohhhh fuck!" with a soft welcoming sincerity. At seven Percy ventured to finish off his final four with lightning speed and stopped cold, leaving it in her for a moment to reflect.
"Two more in the detail shop?" She sighed.
"Yeah!" Percy laughed then hit her cunt two more times.
"What's the population of Nashville?" She giggled then poised a palm at him, "Just kidding."
"600,000 I think." He chuckled, "I'm sooo ready."
"So are we." Corey abandoned her toes to stand up and pat his successful buddy. Stretching he looks over the hands still palming her breasts. "Ready for that shower Miss Cherry?"
"Soap?"
"Bought a bar." Nolan gives up his own toe fetish standing to stretch.
"Who needs a bar of soap." Byron shakes his head, "This place is called Sud's. Foam soap is harmless and the lather would look amazing on that fine ass body."
"Ooooo! Sud's me Matthew...I mean Byron." He knew he looked like the actor and beamed.
"Alright! Alright! Alright!" His best impersonation found his crew busting up. Percy leaving his dick dangle, having lost his sturdiness during conversation stepped back but took Piper's hand and pulled her away from her fondling fans, stepping out she too had to stretch then dance in step just to make her tits jiggle.
"Dazed and Confused." She giggles sticking her tongue out at Byron. That was more Percy at the moment, he was rather lost deciding to stash his penis away presuming enough was enough. "Ohhhhhhhh no you don't." Piper swats Percy on the hand and leans in to dig his beast back out fondling it back to life. Guys around her stopped filming and just respected Byron's family.
"You Sir Percy of Jackson are showering with me."
"WHAT?" He laughed and grew embarrassed slightly.
"First things first." She pats Percy's chest over his heart, "These boys missed 50% of my car. Look at all these beads of water." Easing around him she scowled at one of the workers and ripped the chamois from his grasp and moved to the hood of her car. Spreading her long legs wide in stance she bent forward and began drying the hood. Guys circulating behind her got their first real view of the tightest heart shaped ass in the state of Tennessee.
In her stretching forward her chest trailed amidst the damp metal, nipples cresting full tilt. Her stature unguarded allowed the crew to see her clam vividly, her tiny butt pucker staring back at them as if saying, "I have eyes in the back of my ass." Knuckles were touching teeth and hissing impolite comments over her dynamic body. Giving them plenty of check me out time Piper stood up. She did notice Corey taking pictures of her from behind.
"Posters will be made." She winks at him over her shoulder, "There! All better. Shower time. Keys are in the ignition Byron...for your detailers." Byron nodded and motioned the guys in the side shop to drive her vehicle around, one of them sprinting to move her car into the secondary stall next door. Garage door lifting, the sunlight illuminated the man cave and Piper twisted to face the outside world. "Byron?"
"Yeah?" He winced as the SUV vacated, "Can we leave the doors open?"
"Risky." He leers out the doorway, "Oncoming traffic on the side street can look right in."
"I know." She feigns a flirty blush, her chin on her shoulder.
"Might end up with visitors."
"I know." She repeats her performance.
"I'll leave the doors up, but no going outside. I don't need the law called in."
"Deal! Soap me up." She clapped her hands at his loitering crew of three black males, four white. "Move it people."
"I'll move it right up that sexy ass of yours." One of his black employees grunted laughing then went to retrieve a hose attached along the wall dragging the length out toward her. Center of the polishing area he pulled a trigger and foam began squirting out in thick puffs of soap. Moving in closer he fired the foam all over her backside then moved to her front until she looked like she was wearing a fur coat. She laughed at herself looking and blowing suds at Percy and Nolan.
"Strip!" She points at Percy, "You wanted sexy...give me sexy."
"Dude! If you don't I will." Nolan chuckled tapping a knuckle on his buddy's bicep. With encouragement from his cousin Byron, Percy gave in and took his clothes off, beet red and laughing at his sudden bravado. Once nude Piper moved in and hugged him, soap covering his chest and hers. The wand worshipper spread more soap over both of them, a second employee sharing a water wand to compete with his soapy friend. Hug broken Piper turned her back to Percy and peered over her shoulder, "Wash me thoroughly."
Hands in motion Percy smeared suds all over her as she enjoyed his touch. As he roamed her backside Piper eyed Byron with a flirty gaze, "My front is available Byron. You should join us." He gnashed his teeth while his employees sent suggestions of influence his way. Shaking his head Byron gave in and whipped his shirt off over his head tossing it at another worker. Shoes off he went for his jeans and peeled them off with very little reluctance now. Boxers lost a thriving seven inch fairly thick behemoth boasted high. "There's McKenzie."
Chuckling he moved in under the combined forces of water and foam, his hands washing her front, hers his. With six palms sharing their own travels the sexual tension was growing. Corey still recording this to share with Angus and his fellow players mumbled, "She's freaking awesome."
Nolan couldn't agree more, he was thinking of those posters that could be made and sold for profit. A brilliant idea forming in his mind made him stand aside and mull it over further. Nothing devious...possibly a nice gesture as worship to their Goddess. He would run it by the guys tomorrow.
"This tits are fucking beautiful." Byron squashed foam under his palming of her breasts, she moaned at the strength of his grip. Behind her Percy was soaping her perfect ass into a smooth gloss of film. Deciding he wanted a better view of her clam Percy knelt down and ran his fingers with soap along her thighs, fingers creasing along her labia in his path. More moans filtered into their airspace. Butt pucker winking at him Percy chose to run a singer finger over it until she trembled. A rinse from the rain above cleansing his work Percy dared to lean in and lick her anus. Startled by his tongue she flared her eyes at Byron.
"Mmmm! Your cousin is exploring dark places."
"Oh yeah?" Byron eyed her beauty, "Maybe I should do some exploring myself." Kissing her chest in small does his lips moved South over her tight abs and into the faint pubic hair above her clit. Moving across her terrain lips nibbling as if a mower he found her clitoris and sucked on her hood. Light squeals she closed her eyes and found herself being eaten on two sides.
"FUCK...ME!" She shook and teased her nipples, head tilting back, eyes closed. The showering intimate with less soap applied the crew watched her upright reaction to their feast. Shrill exhales of delight she giggled amid shivers. "Yesssssss! God this is sooo perfect." Her new outlook on life ripping the borders of nymphomania wide she told herself, "No turning back. No more righteous housewife, I'm never going to retreat to my old ways. This life is mine from here on out." Thoughts rally into vocal yelps, "EAT ME ALIVE!!" That they did.
Cumming on Byron's wagging tongue she teetered in balance, her arms outstretched as if a high wire act. Having been drowned beneath her own showering of affection Byron pulled himself upright and yanked Piper into a kiss, sharing her taste, her own tongue licking all across his mouth and chin between their make out session. Consumed by Piper's butthole Percy grew anxious and stood up behind her and teased his erection along her crack, eying the temptation of putting his cock in her again. Pussy or ass, he was undecided. Moving his crown lower he lined it up to her butt pucker and gently pressed toward it. Piper reacting to his poke reached one hand behind her and gripped his cock stroking it at an awful angle but she persisted. Letting her do the work his hands moved to her shoulder and massaged her. She of course loving a good rub down moaned into Byron's compressed mouth.
Three minutes later she managed to get Percy to cum on her ass, his creamy essence puddling up right over her pucker. Releasing him Percy admired the ooze, his cock still poised for penetration. What he wanted more than anything was the feel of being in charge. Hands gripping her shoulders rather than massaging he pushed forward and managed to sink in his cream by dipping the crown of his dick inside her ass. Going no further than that he pulled out and let go, moving away.
Her shower head hero rinsing her backside clean of Percy leftovers, he too shut the rain down, joining his soap wand companion in hanging up the hoses. Byron breaking his kiss with a tug to her lower lip sighed, "Free car washes for life if you drop in like this more often."
"Drop in...like this?" She knelt in front of him and fondled his cock, her mouth swallowing him hard. Byron hadn't cum yet so this was her sexy favor doubled in effort. Bobbing her head back and forth Piper grew lost in sucking Byron off. Gurgling, gagging, deep throating for all to witness, Corey and Nolan expressing shock over her hunger kept their recording steady, no way were they going to not have proof of this. The ballers were going to have something to fantasize over during next Detention with the gorgeous, unpredictable Counsellor.
Admiring Piper from above Byron just couldn't keep his hands from her hair, feeling his interest Piper reached up with both hands and claimed his, moving them to palm the back of her head. Sensing his desires and he Piper's, Byron took the offer and held her firmly. She ceased sucking him and let him finish the job. Face fucking her roughly for a good four minutes of sweat and snot Byron McKenzie flooded her throat with his own foam frenzy. She choked, she embraced, she swallowed every drop and fed on his finality of her own free will. Hands releasing her she pulled away while peering up at him, mascara streaking down her cheeks. Tongue wagging and licking his foreskin back and forth she found herself high on life. As Byron eased back and just stared down at her she remained on her knees.
Walking away eying her continued stance he got dressed. The other men resisting the temptation to step over and take turns on her throat obvious by their shared glances, she caught her breath. A toot of a car horn led to her SUV being brought out back to be parked in the sunshine brought her closure. Her heart pounding she stood up and offered a proud look to all involved. From there she took a walk, all eyes drawn to that perfect ending to their day. Reaching her car she opened the door and turned one last time to face the group. Exploring their continued lust it was all she could do not to go back in a drain them all dry. Taking a deep breath she pointed at Corey, Nolan, and Percy.
"POSTERS GENTLEMEN!"
Mad respect they gave her a thumbs up. Into her SUV she went. Engine started she smelled the new air freshener tickling her fancy.
"Cherry? Mmmm! They know me well." Still nude she drove from the lot and headed for home. Pondering her actions she suddenly recalled her nephew Mace and the three cheerleaders in her bed. Hormones still raging she growls, "I can't go home feeling this way. One look at Mace drooling I might make the biggest mistake of my life." As if she hadn't made dozens in the last week.
Over the next few miles she grumbled over her urges being so fired up. Pulling into Hooter's Crossing housing division she slowed to eye her home cautiously. "Dammit! I'll just get dressed and lock myself in my room. Tell Mace I had a bad day, migraine from hell." She looks into her backseat for her discarded grey dress and finds it missing. "FUCK ME! Assholes stole my dress." Who remained in question.
Giving up she pulled into her garage and shut the door down before climbing out. Looking for her heels she found them MIA as well. Defeated she just puffed her cheeks and went into her home. Finding the quiet in her favor, Mace out by the pool after a swim she crept to her bedroom and spotted her prize dildo a second Bodzilla on her freshly laundered sheets. Knowing Tina Wiles had used it earlier she just plucked it up and took it to her kitchen trash can, "You will be missed my King." She still had his twin at school locked in her Detention desk. "Mecha Bodzilla!"
In her journey back to her bedroom Rotten outside the French doors leaped up on the glass barking, notifying Mace she was home. Pausing in her step Piper just walked to the door and let her puppy in. Before Mace could join them she slid the door shut and locked it.
"What's wrong?" He knocked with concern.
"You're safer out there." She shuddered patting her pup on the head then leaning to kiss the dog's scalp. "Let's go take a nap." She stood tall and wiggled to her room. Hearing Mace pounding on the glass door she rolled her eyes and went back, Rotten following her every step. Unlocking the door she pointed at Mace. He clammed up and left her to her mood.
Going into her bedroom without closing the door like she should have Piper climbed into bed, Rotten leaping up to lay beside her. He just wanted to feel close to his Master after her being gone all day. Chin resting on her belly Rotten stood guard.
"I swear my life is like a soap opera. These are the Days of Our Lives. God I need laid." Rotten lifting his head at her huff met eyes with her. Scowling she pushes his face away from the side, "Sorry Puppy...not my type." Another playful brush off to Rotten's chin the dog fell sideways over her thighs, his ear finding an unfortunate landing over her clit, tickling it. "What did I just say? Get off me Romeo." She forced him to abandon her bed for the floor. Falling back again she sighed heavily and chuckled, "Sud's McKenzie."
Just saying it over and over made her bubbly.