Standing at the window, watching the traffic pass by, music is playing in the background as You lightly rest your fingers on the icy pane. You are oblivious to the world, hypnotized by the falling rain and music. I silently come up behind you and caress your throat as I bring my dark body close against you. You lean your head back against me as my fingers run down your throat and over your shoulder. You shiver slightly as I continue down your arm. I reach your wrist and bring my arm around your waist to pull you against me, my arousal pushing against your ass.
I pull you closer and trail kisses across your shoulder. My hands slip up under your shirt to cup your breasts, teasing your nipples through the lace cups of your bra. You moan and lean back against me as my thumbs drag across your nipples, causing delicious friction between your skin and the lace. You arch your back, pushing your ass against my cock, feeling its heat through our jeans. You move your hips slightly back and forth and hear me groan softly. You slide your hand behind you and in between our bodies to cup my erection. It throbs hot and eager as your hand glides across the front of my jeans. You reach back with your other hand and find the button and zipper of my jeans and release my straining cock. Your fingers curl around my shaft and you feel a shudder pass through my body.
I bring my hands from under your shirt and fumble with the buttons, fingers shaking with desire. Finally, freeing the last button, I slip the shirt from your shoulders, leaving you standing at the window in your jeans and your lace bra. Your olive skin against deep burgundy lace reflects in the window as you look out into the dark night. I gently push you foreword till your body is against the icy glass, the cold making your nipples even harder against the lace. I pull the cups down under your breasts, exposing you to all that wish to look up from the street below. You shiver with desire and cold. My hands on your hips, i slowly kiss your neck and shoulders, keeping you firmly against the window. I slowly trail kisses down your spine, kneeling behind you, caressing your hips through the denim of your jeans.
My hands reach around to the buttons on your jeans and slowly open them all. Tugging them down your hips, I lift one foot at a time to pull them off you, leaving you clad in burgundy lace bra and panties. My fingers move up the inside of your thigh and brush lightly against your lace-covered pussy. I murmur with pleasure as I feel how wet you are .My fingers tease and taunt you through the wet lace and you moan and tremble, unsure of how long your legs will support you. Your desire is overwhelming.
I hook my fingers into the waistband of your thong and ease them off your hips and down your thighs. You moan as you realize I am going to strip you to the world below. Tossing your panties aside, I slowly kiss my way up your back until I reach your bra. It quickly joins the rest of your clothes on the floor and you stand naked, facing out the window into the city street below. I push against you once again with my whole body, slowly grinding my cock against your ass as I tangle my fingers in your hair. I pull your head back and burn you with my kisses. You moan and meet my lips with passion and need. The glass has begun to warm from your flesh and the rain splashes harder against the pane. I turn you to face me and pull you into my arms and kiss you fiercely, running my hands up and down your back, grasping your hips and pulling you tight against my pulsing cock.
My fingers once again tangle in your hair and my other hand rests on your shoulder. Gently but persistently, I push you down to kneel in front of me. You smile gently and look up into my eyes, seeing the level of my desire smoldering in their depths. You know what I want, and your pulse quickens at the thought of it.
Reaching out, You hook your thumbs in the top of my jeans. Tugging them down my hips, You place soft gentle kisses across my belly. My hand slips from your hair to your cheek and I softly caress your beautiful skin. Helping me from my jeans, You soon toss my boxers aside. Bringing your hands to touch me gently, You curl your fingers around my shaft as you place light and teasing kisses on the tip of my cock. You trace your tongue around the head and I moan and cup the back of your head, urging you closer. Cupping my balls in one hand, You lean lower and run your tongue over them, knowing this will be almost more than I can take. My body tenses and I growl low in my throat as I fight the sensations that flood my body. You suck them gently into your mouth and run the flat of your tongue along them, all the while slowly stroking my cock with nimble fingers.
Finally, you relent and take my straining black cock into your mouth. My knees buckle slightly with desire and relief as you circle my shaft with your warm moist lips. Sucking me deeper in your mouth, you lean your head back to look into my face. My expression is one of deep ecstasy. Eyes closed and lips parted, my breath comes in little pants. My palm rests on the glass, once again cold to the touch.
Soon I am beginning to lose control. Your mouth works wicked magic on my hot and pulsing black cock. My hips are moving in time with you and I soon begin thrusting gently into your mouth. You know I am close to Cumming. You move faster, harder, knowing what I want. My breathing is becoming ragged and uneven. I whisper in your ears with warm breath flowing down your neck
"Do you want this thick nigger dick girl, Shall I feed your this black masculine?'' or shall I make you beg ... huh
With a primal cry, I pull you to your feet and spin you around to face the window, pushing you against it. Once again, your naked body is out for all to see. My hand snakes around to your pussy and I run my fingers over your wetness, teasing your already aching flesh. I push my knee in between your legs to spread your thighs wider and giving my fingers better access to your charms. I find your clit and my fingers thrum across it, making you cry out in ecstasy. My cock is hard and hot, burning against your ass. I bend my knees slightly and begin to probe between your thighs with the tip. I easily find your dripping hole and slip inside you with a groan. You shudder as my black cock sinks deep inside you and fills you. My fingers are still on your clit, stroking you to unbelievable heights. Your cheek is pressed firmly against the glass and you bring your hands up to cup your breasts pinch your nipples. You are close to climax and totally oblivious to the world outside.
I am thrusting deeper and harder into you, sensing your fast approaching orgasm. My black cock is swelling and twitching inside you, telling you that i am near the brink as well. As i stroke your pussy with deep and long strokes.. with my balls slapping against ur ass.. Our bodies getting hot and sweaty.. and you feel my sweat dripping on your back.. With an animalistic cry, I thrust once more deep into you and flood your walls with my hot cum. You scream in pleasure as I send you over the edge. My fingers feel delicious on your clit as you ride through the waves of this intense orgasm. Your pussy grips my black cock like a vise, holding me inside you, milking me dry.
Exhausted, we sink to the floor in a heap. My cock slips from inside you and you feel my cum trickling down your thighs. You kiss me gently and smile. I pull you close, stroking your sexy belly with gentle fingers. You murmur soft words to me and close your eyes, dozing off to sleep in the sweet haven of each others arms.