Kayla was 18 with a toned athletic body 5'8" 32C and dark hair flowing down past her shoulder blades as she sat on a stool after cleaning up after the other girls, her hand inside her bikini bottom finger and thumb casually playing with her clit she must be a sex addict. It didn't help that the blonde goddess Crystal referred to her as pussy cleaner.
How did this happen she blamed her BF Anna who had seduced her in the shower after gym at school and since then whatever Anna suggested she complied although she seemed to enjoy whatever it was from the first time Anna had pulled her into her crotch and she'd tasted her juices.
It wasn't just girls either as Anna had set up a get together with some guys that had lead to a cock sucking contest which Kayla had got a buzz out of when the second guy had unloaded in her mouth and she had played with it before swallowing enjoying the taste and texture. Which is why Crystal referred to her as pussy cleaner as when ever any of the girls got a cream pie in their pussies they just had Kayla go down on them as she didn't stop until they had to push her off from a gushing climax.
Speaking of she better get down to the beach before the others wondered where she was.
They had rented a house right on the beach for the break, the four of them Crystal 6' 36B short blonde hair, Anna 5'10" 38D brown hair and Tara 5'10" 34B and long auburn hair.
Anna had made the rule that at the house and on the beach only one article of clothing could be worn and if it was a one piece it had to have deep cleavage which meant they were only wandering around in bikini bottoms although Anna had on her black one piece that tied at the neck with a V that ran down to her belly button.
Down on the beach the other three were laid out in the sand soaking up the rays as they watched the waves roll in, Anna having rolled her suit down below her belly button had had Tara give her a tit massage as she applied more lotion.
"So what's the plan for tonight," Crystal asked.
"Well there's a club on the edge of town holding a wet t-shirt contest and I'll get Kayla to enter hopefully that will attract us a group of guys to play with," replied Anna.
"Those can be pretty raunchy shouldn't I or Tara enter as we'd have more chance of winning."
"You don't really want to win as the fine fine print in the contract you sign has besides the $1000 first price you participate in a gangbang after the show and then be a whore at the club for the next year."
"Now Kayla would love the $1000 and would most happily do the gangbang but whoring for a year would be a stretch even for her."
"There will be girls there that should out shine her so she'll be okay."
Kayla stood and looked out at the water with nice two foot sets rolling in she picked up the surf board as she headed down, might as well enjoy a surf before finding out what tonight's adventure would be. Stepping down the steps on the rock wall she jogged past the other girls and hit the water quickly paddling out about 500m before turning to catch the next set, once up she managed a cutback before wiping out. After a couple more rides and wipe-outs Kayla managed a nice long ride that brought her into the beach down from the girls. Picking up the board she walked up to the girls put the board down and squeezing her hair giving it a shake to send droplets on the girls.
"That was cold but great sets you should go in."
"I can see by the state of you nipples how refreshing it was, so how about sitting down and give mine a suck," said Anna.
"Yes mistress."
So as Kayla dropped into the sand beside Anna and bent over her taking a nipple between her lips flicking her tongue around it Anna let her know what they were doing for the evening.
"Why only me entering the contest," said Kayla.
"Well if Crystal and Tara joined you, they would outshine you, Crystal isn't the blonde goddess for no reason and you know how Tara can work crowds, this way you get the chance to shine with us as your cheer squad," replied Anna
As the day wore on the girls soaked up the sun with Kayla fetching the odd drink or snack for everyone and heading back into the water for some more rides being joined by Tara who as usual showed her up having won the odd contest as a junior.
The girls headed back in the house to get ready, first stripping off which Kayla gave all the suits a quick wash and hanging them out before joining the others for pre evening pleasure. Kayla was soon switching from girl to girl tonguing asses and sucking on pussy lips and clits with again that nagging feeling that she was an addict to this fun, pushing the thought aside as Tara sent a stream into her mouth as she had a piss climax.
"Time we hit the shower and decide our outfits for the evening, no underwear girls," said Anna.
As Kayla was going to be an entrant for the event it was just her pale yellow crop top and old cut-offs, Anna had on her black leather skirt and vest while Crystal put on her close fitting dress that made he tits stand out and Tara had on an emerald number with the slit up the side from the knee to her hip which gave easy access to her damp pussy.
At the club the bouncer checked their id then waved them on in, it was reasonably dark inside with mainly lighting around the stage. Kayla was shown around to the back area while the other girls found a table close to the front. First things first was the paperwork to do and sign.
The girl running things back stage said, "Just a release for the pictures and to ensure you get paid $100 for participating, $200 if your in the last six and $1000 to the winner plus perks."
"Now tops off and put on one of these T's."
There were 11 other girls Kayla was the youngest the others 20 or older and having done these shows often. The T-shirts were white and quite thin which made them easy to rip as Kayla would find out later.
Round 1 had each girl head out get introduced to the crowd and dowsed in ice water then parade across the stage before heading out back. As each girl was dowsed the MC racked up the crowd pointing out how tanned the girls were and how hard the nipples stood out, Kayla always a bit shy and slow to get going for these things was happy the other girls gave her whistles of encouragement as there was quite a big crowd in the club now.
Round 2 was the first eliminator which would cut the field to six as Kayla was fourth up it gave her the chance to see what the earlier girls did to attract the interests of the crowd. The girls with G strings under their skirts or shorts had already discarded the skirts or shorts which was a problem for Kayla as she had nothing under her cut-offs. First girl up got another dowsing of ice water then as she walked to the edge of the stage gripped the bottom of the T yanked it so it ripped allowing her big tits to be front and center which she then jiggled over the heads of the guys right up by the stage. The second girl went one better with hands on hips she thrust her hips forward which caused her G to be sucked in between her pussy lips gathering a great cheer from the crowd. When Kayla came out she noticed the girls had some guys now at their table so after ripping the T she headed to that part of the stage knelt down and first gave her nipples a squeeze then slid her hands down her body to undo the button at the top of her cut-offs before slowly sliding the zip down giving a flash of her pussy before her hand covered it for a little play and tugged the zip up and went to join the others already on stage electing a good cheer from that part of the audience.
Once all girls had come out, the MC and manager came out standing behind each girl in turn requesting cheers for each to determine who would make the final six and most of the girls shook their tits about, Kayla opted to slide her hand into her cut-offs for a play which got her a great cheer. Once the MC and manager were in agreement they announced the top 6 surprisingly Kayla was ranked third.
Crystal glared at Anna like what if she wins.
Round 3 was straight head to head 6 v 1, 5 v 2 and 4 v 3 both girls on stage together trying to elect the best cheer to make the final three. As Kayla was ranked third she and the fourth ranked girl were last to go with the remains of the T-shirts getting tossed into the crowd leaving then in just a G string or in Kayla's case her cut-offs, 1 & 5 were in the final round would Kayla join them. With an icy mister now operating at the stage edge Kayla crawled up to the spray which made her nipples become more pronounced, looking out at the crowd the girl who had been ranked 2nd and been eliminated had dropped down of the stage and was sitting in one of the front seats being felt up by the boys around her, Kayla smiled at her stood and unzipped her cut-offs squatted back down slid her hand in and started playing with her clit.
The girl yelled out, "Work that pussy."
With the cheering from in front of her Kayla waltzed into the final three.
Round 4 two minutes to generate enough crowd support to win. A big bucket of ice was brought on stage for the girls to use. Kayla was buzzing her cut-offs still unzipped her pussy wet she was ready to win. As the countdown clock started the other two girls stripped of their G strings tossing them into the roaring crowd, the top ranked girl immediately headed to the front of stage sat down and spread her legs and plunged two fingers in her pussy and was finger fucking herself, the other girl grabbed some ice went and knelt right on the stage edge her back to the crowd her tits getting dowsed by the mister reached around and placed a piece of ice into her tight hole before ejecting it out to the crowd followed by a bigger piece to her pussy obviously her regular party trick.
Kayla walked over by where the girls were seated and tossed her cut-offs down on Tara who seem distracted maybe by the guy beside her who's hand had slipped into the slit in her skirt, then Kayla walked back to the ice bucket grabbing hand fulls which she used to ice her nipples and clit as she wandered around the stage stopping at different points so the crowd could see her work a large piece of ice in and out of her pussy.
When the clock hit zero the three girls then sat in chairs near the front of the stage legs spread and the bucket of ice just in front of them, once again the MC and manager came out on stage for the judging.
To be continued, will Kayla win?