'Where do you want to look for a dress? Round here hopefully?'
'Indeed, it is in the little mews off the street that the Adult Video shop is in. I went in there earlier this week. I didn't buy anything in case you didn't approve, it is not as racy as most of the shops you take me in to.'
It wasn't, but it was fine for a nice LBD, little black dress. It actually was a two piece, a soft satiny, v-necked, scoop-backed top with a matching skirt which had a hem halfway up her thigh and a slit to the top of the thigh. I experimented and by turning the skirt around the slit could be over a thigh or up the centre of the back or front. The skirt was fairly straight but not tight at all and with Susan's little bottom it did not need to be fitted or shaped. It was just long enough for her to wear stockings under it without showing the lacy tops. The v-neck came down between her boobs and the back scooped halfway down her back. There was no way she would be wearing a bra with it. I guess effectively it was almost as sexy as some of her clothes bought at the shops she described as racy. I liked it.
We left there and somehow could not resist turning into the Adult shop, Love Unlimited, a few doors along. Joe, behind the counter greeted us with enthusiasm.
''Susan, Alex, hi. Come in to try on some clothes? Remember, twenty percent.'
I saw him pick up the phone and hit a predial number even before he had received an answer from us. On past experience it would take him between five and ten minutes to get a handful of friends down here. I idly thought of asking to go on the 'please ring' list.
I laughed, 'Well just looking really, but knowing Susan she won't be able to resist something.'
'Susan indignantly said, 'It's not me that wants to come in here and get embarrassed. Oh no. It's you, you pervert, as she hurried down the stairs to the clothing department. Following her down I idly rummaged through a couple of racks. Mainly a lot of the stuff she had tried on before.
'Down on the left, near the viewing galleries entrance, first rack. There is some new stuff,' called Joe.
There was indeed. Just about the first dress my eyes alighted on was a gold lame, light, almost parachute silk, type dress.
It reminded me a little of the dress we had just bought but more so. The shoulder straps were skinny, the front similar to the back, a scooped u-neck. The back, well, what back? There was a scoop back, but without seeing it on, it looked ever so low.
'Try this one on. Oh and this one.'
This one was a black net dress with light applique work over the breasts and pubic area. There were also a couple of similar appliqued strips running diagonally across the back as low as half way down her buttocks. It came with quite a large pair of matching briefs, heavily appliqued to cover her 'private' parts. Far too private in my view so I refrained from giving her the panties. 'I can see these will fit,' I said. 'No need to try these on.'
She gave me a wry smile and turned to see if there was anything else. I was suddenly in a hurry to see these and get going. We would just have time for a drink before leaving.
We walked upstairs to the viewing room, whoops I mean the changing room. Joe's friends had been quick off the mark and there were half a dozen guys idly looking at DVDs along the natural 'catwalk', the narrow gangway between the changing room and the full-length mirror.
Susan disappeared into the changing room. The curtain still did not fit properly. Surprise surprise!
I heard her say 'Wow, I think you will like this. I will try the other one first.'
She came out in the black net and the guys in the gangway gave up all pretence of looking at DVDs. It was nice, it showed off everything to advantage. Thinking about it, I may have been wrong, it might have been a nightdress, a baby doll, not a day dress. It was short enough that her butt cheeks hung below the hem and it was so see-through, it did not obscure her pudenda at all. It was okay, but nothing special. The guys liked it though. She sashayed three times along the catwalk and retired to the changing room. Within seconds she was back with the gold dress on. I was struck dumb.
'Wow that looks so good on you,' I eventually managed. The u-neck pushed the shoulder strings to the side somehow, I could see that if she bent forward the weight of the scoop would hang down in front exposing her from nipples to toes. And as for the back, the big heavy scoop, which was loose around the sides, came three-quarters of the way down her buttocks. You could plainly see the crack of her arse. When she bent forward, as she did now, all the guys in front got a look at her painted toes, via her nipples, but the back moved almost up to her waist. Wow.
I must remind her to paint her nipples to match her toes.
'Can you dance in it,' I asked. She danced a few steps down the gangway, swung her arms about in an exaggerated dance. I watched her tits flop out at the sides. 'Whoops.'
'We'll take it.' I said. 'I would be quite happy to have you wearing this just for me.' I have always been an arse and legs man really.
We paid and left, a much quicker visit than usual, but Joe was happy to hear that if he stocked that sort of quality clothing we would be in more often.
We had a quick one in the King's Arms on the way home. Not quite on our route but it never does any harm to glad-hand in the pub we were using for our party nights once a month. Les was delighted to see us and introduced us to his son who had got divorced and moved back home from Gateshead.
'Ed here will be helping me now in the pub. We are doing more and more business and your Friday nights have not hurt. People keep coming in and asking if they can join the party upstairs. They see all those good-looking girls going up and want to join in. I am thinking of organising another party once a month on a Friday or Saturday, a couple of weeks between your nights. What do you think? Would you like to organise them? I will pay you, perhaps on commission.'
I looked at Susan. 'What do you think?' I asked.
I explained to Les and Ed that this was what Susan did for a living. Party planner.
'I don't see why not,' she said. 'Alex is away a lot at the moment, so I can spend time on it. It would not be able to clash with ours though. That is our current priority.'
'Perfect,' said Les. 'Let me know what you decide and if you do I would like you to involve Ed here so that he can take over from you if you move away or stop doing it. Is that fair? I could give you five percent of the takings and pay for any redecorating you need doing.'
Susan looked around her mystified. 'Alex did you hear someone say something about five percent. Don't they know I don't get out of bed for less than fifteen.'
We all laughed.
'Canny bitch,' said Les. 'Ten or Ed will have to do it all on his own.'
Susan leaned forward to shake on it. 'You have a deal Les. We start on the second Saturday in October and plan to hold one on the second Saturday's thereafter. As a little sweetener I will wear my new dress for the first night.' She held out the shopping bag and of course Les demanded to see it as she knew he would.
'Okay okay, I will show you now, but I am not trying it on. You will have to wait.'
She lifted from the bag, held it up and turned it around and around. They were both goggle-eyed and Ed showed that he had least some of his Fathers wit by asking which side was the front. We all cracked up. I hoped that it was a joke. We made our farewells and Susan agreed to come in during the week with some ideas for the promotion.
We grabbed a cab to Brenda and Jim's. The LBD was all I put out for her to wear. Plus of course the obligatory stockings and suspenders. You know I am a leg man.
We turned up and were actually last, but only by a minute or three. It was a while since I had seen Brenda and she had lost quite a bit of weight. She would never be a small girl, tall and busty but now she carried nothing extra. She looked really good and I told her. Funnily enough the most changed was Jim. After a couple of months of VSX paying them a small amount to live in the flat, plus the flat of course, they were comfortable enough for Jim to give up his job at the Bank and become a decorator, handyman. He already had as much work as he wanted. We had of course started him off with some work for VSX before he got his own clientele. And we would still use him from time to time. He had put on weight. Not in a bad way. In the right places. He was muscular but not like a body builder. Just all-round fit. And he looked happy. He introduced us to Helen and Ian, old school friends of theirs, who had been childhood sweethearts. They too had been a couple for ever, but unlike Jim and Brenda had never got married. We were not told why, but just introduced as Susan and Alex, 'and they aren't married either.' Neither of us actually mentioned that we had got engaged, me because I realised that we had forgotten all about buying an engagement ring. That was going to get me a yellow card, if she thought about it. Helen looked like a distance runner, tall, slim and pretty fit. No boobs to talk about and shoulder length dark hair. I could imagine that it was normally seen in a ponytail.
Another couple were introduced as Greta and Tom. They had shared a table on their mutual honeymoon cruise, and stayed in touch. Greta was a very Germanic blonde with beautiful boobies. I thought that they probably were magnificent but she appeared to have a very Madonna type conical bra that just made them stand out. I wondered whether I would ever get the chance to see them. Tom was a bit like Jon, good-looking in a slightly heavy way. He was currently trying to sell cars for a living while looking for a job that justified his minor business degree that he was proud to quickly mention after it came out that he sold Toyotas. Not even Lamborghini's I thought.
They were all good company though. Emily and Graham of course were delightful. Particularly Emily, I thought. I idly wondered whether Graham was now dressing her. She had a lovely red silk wrap-over dress and bare legs. It was still mild outside.
The conversation eventually came round to sex, over the cheese and the bottle of port I had brought with me. We had drunk our way through a couple of boxes of white and red and were now on the port and brandies. Conversations were getting a little louder and less discreet. Opinions were getting a little more positive.
We had got Brenda and Greta talking about their cruise and Greta had mentioned, with a wink at Brenda, the 'hunks' that had been laying round the pool. It was obviously an in-joke. Jim had followed that up with a nudge in Tom's direction and a quip about the girls in their bikinis which had looked like underwear.
Tom, not to be outdone said, 'Talking about underwear. While we were sitting round the pool one day, Jim here told me this amazing story about visiting an underwear shop with Brenda, just before they came on the cruise. There were half a dozen girls, including Brenda,' he stopped to look adoringly at a now blushing Brenda who of course knew the story, 'who ended up naked walking around the shop so that all their guys including Jim here, could see them. Now I couldn't quite believe it, but if it was only partly true, it was still a bloody good story. Tell it again Jim.'
I thought it would be fun to get in before poor Jim had to tell it again.
'But yes, of course it was true. Susan and I were there as well. In fact, that is how the four of us met. Is that not right Brenda? There were the four of us, an older couple called Elise and Gordon and three girls who I saw last only a few nights ago, Samantha Bryony and Melissa. Actually to be strictly accurate they didn't all get naked. Melissa worked there and it was not until a week later that I saw her naked as well.'
Poor Tom was looking like a stranded goldfish. He really did not know what to say. I could see that poor Helen and Ian just wanted to hear the whole story, and Emily and Graham who would have had a good idea how it happened remained quiet expecting probably to hear the full story later. I was in two minds whether to shock everyone completely by asking them if they would like to see what they had missed and tell Susan to take her dress off. I didn't think we were quite there yet. Susan must have been wondering as well as she caught my eye. I shook my head and she smirked. She knew what I was thinking, the dirty exhibitionist that she is.
Having got so far though I did think that we should move the conversation on a bit.
'Anyway Tom, following that train of thought and probably of more interest to Helen and Greta, has Jim explained the cameras to you.'
We all looked around as if we had never seen cameras before.
'Brenda, you don't mind if I explain the purpose of the cameras and the consent forms that you all signed when you got here.'
'Not at all,' said Brenda. 'We have no secrets here, have we Jim? We were just about to explain about them when you arrived and somehow, we never got around to it. We really meant to do it earlier. Certainly before anyone went to the toilet.
I laughed. 'Yes. I am afraid the cameras and microphones will even follow you into the bathroom. But not while you are sitting or standing at the toilet itself. There is some discretion. But not much.' Six of us laughed. The other four looked horrified.
'Look I will put it bluntly and then you can ask questions if you want. We are six ordinary people. All different. We talk differently, we don't look alike, we have dissimilar backgrounds, but we live all our lives under the cameras for the benefits of voyeurs who like to watch us on the internet. We get paid for flashing the flesh. For making love on top of the bed rather than in it. For standing facing the camera in the shower rather than hiding from it. We are an extension I guess, of the porn industry. Do we hurt anyone? No. Do we enjoy it?' I looked around and got five nods. 'Yes. Is it lucrative? Yes. You realise that by the very fact of getting a free flat Jim has been able to give up a job he hated and do something he really enjoys. So it works on a number of levels. For Susan and I, it has expanded our social life, and I admit, our love-life is so much more exciting. We take our clothes off at the drop of a hat in our own homes and sometimes in other peoples, but only if they are happy with it. That's it. That's all of it. The six of us. Anything to add guys?'
I looked at the others.
Emily said. 'I have broadened my horizons and my outlook so much. I was shy, timid, I hid my body from everyone, including Graham here and now after only a few months I have realised so much about me and my way of life, I love to be told what do. What to wear. How to conduct myself. If Graham tells me to take off my panties in a department store, I don't think about it. I just do it. I get a frisson of excitement. I wet myself sometime with just the excitement of doing taboo things in public. And Graham, he is so much more than the man I first met. Quiet still, yes but masterful and dominant at times. I love him more every day.'
I had never heard her so eloquent before. I was pleased that it was not just the money that was having an influence on their life.
'All that is true,' said Bren, 'and more. As you know I am only a carer and Jim a decorator. Neither of us very pushy. Historically, you know Helen and Ian, that we never made friends easily. You two are the only couple we keep in touch with from the first twenty years of our life. Tom, that meeting you described in the lingerie shop was our first foray into this so-called porn-web existence. It started out with a small group of acquaintances opening up their hearts, yes and their clothes, to a bunch of other people. If we had not met them and exposed our very souls, would we have been the same people that you met on honeymoon Greta and Tom? Would we have got on as well as we did that week? We swapped smutty stories, enjoyed the sight of other semi naked people around the pool, and secretly fancied the others partners.' The other three all blushed. I realised that it was true. 'So here we are. I know the six of us are going to continue eating and drinking. We still have a couple more bottles to go. We may play silly games. We may start getting undressed. The four of you are welcome to stay with us, to join in our games and possibly our nakedness, or you can leave at any time if it all gets too much. And if it does, and you do go, I hope that you will come back and see us next week and in advance ask us to keep our clothes on. I value your friendships. We didn't have many but have a few more now, and I hope you will remain some of them. Jim after all that talking I need my glass topped up. I will go back to the white wine please.'
There was a general clearing of throats, passing of glasses and I noticed Helen getting up and going to the toilet. They were the most likely to leave I thought. The conversation went back to how lovely the food had been and yes, another Port would be lovely.
Helen came back a few minutes later and sat back in her seat. Well, I thought, they are not leaving immediately.
She leaned forward and whispered.' I must tell you, quietly, so the cameras don't hear. I sat on the toilet and took my panties right off. I could see where the angle of the lens was pointing so I realised you were right they couldn't see me.' She looked around, almost furtively. 'I held them in my hand and did not put them on until I was standing in the middle of the bathroom where I could be seen. And I feel so... so... horny.'
I did the only thing possible and we all exchanged high fives and raised our glass in a toast to feeling horny.
'Anyone for Twister,' said Jim.
We all volunteered but Bren, self-elected as Games Master for the night chose Emily myself and Helen for the first game.
Mmm I thought. Two supposed timid ones, but Emily is not nearly so timid nowadays and I am not sure that Helen isn't waiting to be converted. I waited a dozen spins before doing anything outrageous. It was getting harder to move. I suspected that Brenda was choosing the places for us to put our hands and feet. It did not feel random. Helen practically had her face in Emily's bum. I was a little to one side almost spread-eagling Helen. As I heard Alex 'right hand red' I lifted my right hand and 'accidentally' flipped Emily's red silk hem up over her bottom.
'Whoops.' I said, 'Sorry.' Emily screamed and so did Helen, but neither moved. 'I assumed that Emily would be wearing panties. But no, her beautifully manicured beaver was open, beckoning to Helen's nose, about three inches away.
'Jim,' said Brenda with a giggle in her voice, 'If you didn't hear me that was 'Right hand red.' I struggled to place my right hand down between Helen's knees onto the mat. 'Oh, another one for Alex. Alex right hand green. Of course, this time I flipped Helen's skirt up over her bottom to see her pink bikini panties, with, if I am not mistaken, a slightly damper patch in the middle. There was a Hello Kitty feature on the front.
'Heellloooo Kitty,' I heard Jim say.
Everyone laughed, including Helen I noted. I decided the time was right to finish this game so quickly fell over and got penalised my trousers for the next game in which I partook.
The next game was Graham, Susan and Greta and of course it wasn't long before Graham did exactly the same as I had done, exposing Susan's naked bum, which was surrounded by her delightful stockings and suspender belt. Again, the next movement, he picked up Greta's skirt and to my surprise revealed her panties to be net, and see through, front and back, with just the gusset having any real body to it. I realised she had gone down there knowing what was likely to happen and what was likely to be revealed. In true Germanic tradition she had a fine growth of blonde pubic hair.
I managed to get a quick apology to Graham while one of the next games was going on. 'I am sorry that I exposed Emily's bottom first and so completely,' I said. 'I fully expected her to be wearing panties.'
'That's all right,' he said. 'She will have loved every bit of it. I tell her what she can wear almost all the time now so she very rarely gets to wear panties.'
A man after my own heart.
We had a few games, enough for all the girls to get their dresses flipped a couple of times and all the guys to lose their trousers for losing the game.
it was after eleven and I wanted to make the most of an evening where we had two young girls apparently willing to lose some clothes but on the other hand, I had to go back to Manchester tomorrow so I did not want to be late. Escalate was the answer.
'I am far too drunk to concentrate on gymnastics and look at you beautiful girls. Are you up for a game just to lose some clothes?'
The reactions were mixed from enthusiastic to maybe... well maybe, well how much... Shall we say reluctance.
'Well we don't have to,' I bluffed, 'we can just ...'
'No that's okay.' Both Helen and Greta were quick to keep the party going.
'Jim have you got a table tennis ball?'
'Yes surprisingly,' said Jim.
'We can play beer pong on the floor in the kitchen. Boys against girls. Take a paper cup each and write your name on it. Put all the men's together on the floor in front of the men, and the girl's ones in front of the girls. Keep the names turned away from the opposite team. Now taking it in turns you take the ball and throw or bounce it into a cup the side. The person who threw the ball takes an item of clothing off the person whose name is on the cup. Easy. The wearer chooses the item, shoes and socks don't count. We stop when one team is naked. When an individual is naked or, I guess, if they want to stop playing their cup is removed.'
That would give the boys a small advantage I figured. With Emily and Susan only wearing a dress their cups could quickly be removed for us to concentrate on the remaining cups.
We let the girls start and they were quickly off the mark, with my shirt and Jim's. We snaffled shirts from Greta and Brenda. I was fascinated by Greta's boobs. I still could not tell what they were like as her bra was so structured that they were quite stiff. Quite unlike her unstructured panties. The next round of throws got Jim's jockeys, which left him naked, and Tom's shirt.
I realised that my calculations were thrown out by the fact that Susan had two stockings and a suspender belt, so in all had four items, and that all of us guys only had two items each as we had already forfeited our trousers.
Susan was first to show all as she offered her dress, when I suppose in theory, she could have offered a stocking. Her excuse, and I think knowing Susan that it was an excuse, was that Emily only had one item to lose. Emily of course, was quickly out while Susan stayed in the game throwing for her stockings.
The nitty gritty was that after four rounds of throwing, Susan was left in with her suspender belt, Helen with her panties, and Greta, surprisingly, still had her bra on. She had offered her panties on the basis that they covered nothing anyway. Ian and Graham both had their boxers on. We all threw again and Greta seized Ian's boxers, taking three or four minutes to tease him before removing them. In the next round Brenda got Graham's with the first throw. I was not going to get to see Greta's tits.
It was time to leave, we kissed everyone and thanked Brenda and Jim for their hospitality. We shared a cab with Emily and Graham and left the other six to mull over the evening. I would love to have been a fly on the wall, and then I remembered the catch-up. I wondered whether they would remember to whisper. I could watch it on the train next day.