This story has a basis in reality. The first two paragraphs are totally realistic; and out neighbors did have their deck redone.
*
This morning, Linda was at the kitchen sink rinsing out the breakfast things to put them away in the dishwasher, when I snuck up behind her and started rubbing her back and her shoulders. "Mmmmmmm," I heard her purr as she put the plates down, turned off the water, and put her hands on either side of the sink, palms down. I massaged her neck muscles with my thumbs, then switched to scratching her back with my fingernails. I was rewarded by feeling her shudder with pleasure as I saw goose bumps on her arms. I leaned forward and planted several kisses at the nape of her neck, then below the left ear, finally licking her earlobe and sticking my tongue in her ear. She gave a little giggle of approval.
So far, nothing out of the ordinary. These were all routine actions, simply proving that I still found Linda attractive after thirty years of marriage and that I might not be averse to a little hanky-panky. In return, she might send me a signal, which could range from, "Not now, dear, I'm busy," to "Later, perhaps," to "Mhm, good idea."
This time the signal was unmistakably, "Mhm, good idea." She raised herself on tiptoes and backed into my body, positioning the crack of her bubble butt at the height of my crotch and wiggling to see if she could feel my erection -- or, if not, get it started. My cock, which was already at half mast (why do you think I was rubbing her back, anyway?), rose rapidly and Linda sighed with contentment.
We were both still in our pajamas -- that is, we both had on pajama jackets and underpants. Our tops were both simple non-iron cotton; her panties were a little beige nylon thing trimmed with lace and mine were satin boxer shorts. We are both retired and have developed a morning routine of leisurely breakfast, followed by a shower -- usually separately -- and getting going in a leisurely way. Today felt like it could be more rather than less leisurely, as Linda's wriggling became more pronounced and my hands snaked their way under her arms to her full breasts. My cock was fully hard by now, in anticipation of the shower we'd be taking together in a few minutes.
As my left hand pried open the middle button of her top and dived under it to encounter the flesh of her right tit, squeezing gently on her already eraser-like nipple, Linda reached down to her panties with her right hand, getting her middle finger in position to penetrate her outer lips to her clit. I moved my free hand to her other tit, fondling her gently while teasing her erect nipples. Then she suddenly froze, put both hands on mine, and tried to pull them away.
I resisted, saying, "What's the matter?"
"Look!" She pointed with her chin.
I looked out the window above the sink. Uh-oh: there were two workmen on our neighbors' deck to the south, pulling up the floorboards. They hadn't spotted us. I could see where Linda was coming from: from an uninhibited single woman thirty years ago, she had become quite conservative after we had kids and settled into suburbia. Lately, though, I had detected a certain loss of inhibition, especially during our pillow talk. I decided to test how far she might go, so I kept my hands where they were, resisting her tugging.
"There are workers in the Halls' back yard. So what?"
"They can see us!"
"They're not even looking. And so what, even if they looked?"
That silenced Linda. I could almost hear the gears clicking in her brain as she mulled the possibility. I heard a faint sigh as her right hand left mine and moved back inside her panties. She wriggled her ass, nestling my cock more comfortably in the crack. I was getting really hard now, my shiny round purple knob pushing out from the foreskin, lubricated by a tiny drop of moisture.
I used my right hand to unbutton her top button and she moved undid the lowest one. Now her top was hanging loosely down her sides and her nicely shaped breasts were visible to anyone who looked in, hidden only partly by my caressing hands. Her right hand became more insistent inside her panties.
My hands left her tits and worked their way down to the flimsy slip of beige material covering her hand, and underneath it, her neatly trimmed bush. She put her hands to either side of the sink, bracing herself for what she knew was coming. "You shouldn't. . . " she whispered as I started pulling her panties down her legs. But when they reached the floor, she stepped out of them without hesitating. "Oooooh, no, what will they think?" she continued.
"They'll be as horny as I am," I replied, as I moved my hands back up her legs. When I got to the tops of her thighs, I moved them inside, towards her entrance. As I discovered the pussy cream overflowing her gash and starting to run down her thighs, my steel hard cock got even harder, if that was possible. This was really turning her on! One hand made its way into her slippery cunt, two fingers up her vagina and a thumb on her clit; the other went back up to her breasts.
Unprompted, Linda spread her legs a little wider and bent her torso forward, pushing her ass into my crotch, her pussy searching for a cock to fill it. I glanced at the two workers, just as one of them, the shorter, wiry one, looked up and spotted us. I saw his mouth form a perfect "O" in surprise and saw him nudge his taller, more muscular-looking companion, who in turn looked and broke out in a huge grin.
"They've seen you. They are watching you now. They can see your tits. They know what we're doing."
"Oh, my God. Oh, I can't believe it. I see them watching me. Put your cock in my pussy now. Fuck me hard! Give it to menow!"
My engorged cock, harder than it had ever been, slid easily into her in a single deep stroke. Linda was trembling with arousal. "Oooooohhhh," she moaned. On just my second stroke, I felt her tense up, contracting her vaginal muscles around my cock, and exhale a long moan. She had come. I stayed deep in her for a minute or so, enjoying the facial expressions of the workers on the Halls' deck. They knew what had happened, all right; they hadn't heard Linda's moaning, but they had seen her face. When she comes, she scrunches up her face so it almost looks like she is in pain. But you quickly realize that the intensity is all due to pleasure, especially as the grimace-like expression turns into one of bliss -- eyes closed, mouth open, cheeks ablush, breathing deep, muscles relaxed.
She quickly realized that I was still as hard and horny as ever and started gently rocking herself back and forth, impaled on my cock. Gradually, my strokes got deeper, but we stayed at a slow, relentless pace.
As we fucked and the workers watched, Linda kept up an almost incessant stream of commentary. "I can't believe we did that. Unh. . . Did you see how they looked? Did they see me come? Unh. . . They're looking now. Unh. . . Oh, I came so quick I can't believe it. It was the best one I've had in years. Unh. . . unh. . . I'm not done. Don't you dare come until I'm ready. Unh. . . They are still watching. I can't believe it. Do you think they have hard-ons? They are too far away to see. Look, the little guy is rubbing his crotch. Unh. . . I hope he has a long, thick cock. I'd love to suck it for him. And then his friend's. Unh. . . Oh, that makes me so hot. Do you think they will give their wives a good fucking tonight? My God, I'm so turned on, ooohhhhh mmmmmm. . ."
Her voice finally faded away as she focused on her next orgasm. I speeded up my rhythm, plunging deeply in and out of her now sloshing pussy. She was so wet I almost couldn't feel pressure on my dick, but hearing the squishy noise as I pounded her cunt made up for it. That, and the rapt expressions on the faces of our audience.
As Linda worked herself closer to coming, her muscles started to squeeze my cock again. The pressure was starting to build fast. Finally, as she began her trembling build-up, I felt the familiar stirring at the base of my cock. I made a final plunge into Linda's welcoming cunt as my sperm boiled over, washing the walls of her cunt, in four or five powerful spurts, bringing her over the edge again in her second orgasm of the morning.
- - - * * * O O O * * * - - -
Four days later, nothing further had happened, except the Halls' deck had been finished. That day, as I went to get the mail, Acey Hall, on the same errand, handed me a flyer. He told me, "The guys who redid my deck was insistent that I give you this. They said they thought you might find a use for their services."
The flyer was from All Hands on Deck, Inc, and read as follows:
"We are a pair of handymen who have just completed a deck renovation in your neighborhood. [Here followed a detailed description of what they had done for Mr. Hall, inviting me to call him as a reference.] If you have a need for a similar job, or any other tasks around the house that we can help with, please call us at 847-555-3434. Free estimates. Satisfaction guaranteed."
I showed the letter to Linda. We didn't exchange a single word. She just looked me in the eye, reached for the telephone and handed it to me. As my cock grew hard, I started dialing. . .