Entering the pizza parlor Rodney immediately spotted his sister Rhea and her boyfriend Adam. With them at their booth were another couple which he barely knew save for their names Amber and Scott. As the gathering noted their arrival the friends moved from the table into the booth behind Rhea and Adam.
Turning to Candi he hesitated, "Are you sure you want to go through this torture?"
Candi in her tan mini dress that clung to every curve reached up to pat her friend on the cheek, "Stop fretting. Before this nights over Rhea will leave you alone forever. Just act like you're really into me. I'll do the same."
He fidgets and grumbles, "I AM into you!"
Candi feigns blushing and offers a brilliant smile, "Oh, silly boy. I know you will be into me tonight. You just be sure to take full advantage of me. No shyness. I'll be sure to clue you in on my brilliant mischief as it pops into my beautiful brain. I need you to improvise tonight. I'll follow your lead even if it's awkward. Deal? Deal! Tonight I'm your dream date, and quite possibly your sister's nightmare."
He had already focused on that fantasy. Since the day he first laid eyes on her. Dream date that is.
Rodney took at deep breath and led Candi as if they had been together forever. Through the interior nerves he did his best to show confidence. As they neared the table Candi noticed all four of them lowering their gaze toward her clingy mini dress. The boys she knew were stripping her already. Amber leered curiously if not for a hint of regret. Rhea? She did her best sneer, eyebrow coordination ever.
"Hey Sis. Guys, this is Candi. Try not to go blind and speechless. We're all normal here. No Freak show signs hanging anywhere."
Candi fidgets at his concealed stress and winks at Amber, "I could have sworn you wore that big belt buckle that said, "Freak of Nature' over your fly. I guess you didn't want to brag."
Still speechless everyone remained silent, even as Rodney escorted Candi to slide into the booth across from Rhea and Adam. Rhea was short but with a very striking figure. She had short brown hair with gentle blond highlights. Thick rimmed glasses made her appear like a business woman. Wearing all black from slacks to short sleeve shirt that displayed a concealed representation of her 36C's. A black scarf was worn around her neck to drape over her cleavage.
Adam was much taller and had a strong upper body yet was lanky from the waist down. He had short black hair and green eyes. A slight stubble of hair graced his chin.
Joining her the two faced off the others. Both Scott and Amber sat up backwards on the bench behind Candi and Rodney. Needing to close in on an expected flurry of tension.
Scott was chunky and burley and had more dark body hair than Candi had ever seen before. Amber was pretty and had a lovely shape until you got to her ass. This was definitely needing attention. Her attire was similar to Rhea's Both women wore the same scarf. Candi was curious if it was symbolic but chose to ignore it. Yet, Amber was confident in herself regardless.
Candi outstretched her hand toward Rhea. At first Rhea eyed her fingers then twisted her lips into a smile. "I wish I could say it's a pleasure. I'm just uncertain where your hand has been. Obviously, my brother must have purchased you on some street corner. Not only are you extremely too beautiful for him, your dress looks like it's made of some doily that rests under the antique lamps at our Grandmother's house."
Rodney frowns at Rhea immediately, "Be nice or we're leaving."
Rhea smirked and rebelled into a sigh just before reaching her own hand out to shake Candi's hand. As soon as their hands separated Candi reached into her tiny handbag and procured a bottle of hand sanitizer. As Rhea watched her rub some in she squinted with distaste.
Candi offered her some without a word in which Rhea dismissed it with a scowl.
Candi noted that Adam across from her fought to keep his eyes off of her. Fearful of Rhea catching him she surmised. It became obvious quickly that Adam was trying to avoid Rhea's wrath. Still, each time Rhea looked away his eyes marveled at Candi's bulging cleavage. It became easy enough to figure out that Rhea wore the pants in their relationship.
Rhea appeared confident in her dominance over Adam. So he let her think.
"So!" Rhea scrutinized, "If you're not a hooker, what is it you do for a living?"
Candi snuggled closer to Rodney and greeted her question with a confident smile, "I swore I told you over the phone the other day. I work at the same Fitness Center Rodney works at. I'm their new Massage Therapist. However, I worked there long before I got that position."
Rhea scowls, "And what position was that? Missionary?"
Candi snorts lightly, "Too cute. Nooooooooo! Just a greeter slash towel girl."
Adam chuckles beside Rhea and offers, "Ohhh, the same job Rodney has now. Welcome to Walmart."
Scott and Amber do their best not to laugh but careful smirks made it blatant to see they too found it amusing.
Rodney shakes his head, "It pays the bills. Don't knock it until your Daddy's allowance stops."
Candi pats Rodney's forearm as she clings to it, "Let's stop with the pre-teen quips and carry a civil conversation. Shall we?"
In response Rodney leans over to bump temples with Candi, scenting her hair as it graced his cheek.
Rhea could sense his adoration of this girl, yet her own brand of common sense led against her ability to believe in him. Even as she observed their chemistry she herself allowed her eyes to drift down to Candi's chest. The tan dress although fringed with a doily like material on the shoulders and at the ribcage, was still revealing. The formation of her areola's were evident through the solid cloth of the dress. No bra for certain.
"Massage therapist! I can only imagine what your patients think of you. Do you wear clothing like you're wearing this moment?"
"Oh, no. I have a uniform. T-shirt and sweatpants. I just like to dress sexy. Besides, Rodney picked this dress out for me to wear tonight. Blame him."
Discreetly, Adam winked and offered Rodney a thumbs up behind Rhea's back. Luckily Amber was sharing a glance at Scott and hadn't noticed. Rodney merely sat uncomfortable.
Candi noticed but maintained her gaze on Rhea, "We all know men, Rhea. They're all dogs. But, they are our best friends."
This Rhea could agree with glancing toward Adam who shrugs, "Hey! I run with the Big Dogs. Stop nipping my heels."
She scowls and averts her eyes back toward Candi as Candi again pats Rodney's arm. Candi takes a priding look at him and offers, "Besides, I have Rodney here watching my back. If anyone gets too aggressive I just yell for help, he comes running."
Rhea raises an eyebrow, "And, then runs the other direction I'm certain."
Toying around Adam plays with the utensils in front of him and intentionally drops the fork under the table. He moves faster than Rhea can comment and dives down to grab it. As his face goes beneath the tablecloth he glances over at Candi's lap.
Feigning a grumble he notices her part her legs and lift her skirt slightly. This gifted him a long hard look at her freshly shaven pussy in all it's glory. His eyes bulged at the sight, as did his cock beneath his jeans.
Retrieving the fork he returns to the conversation. At first Adam made sure to glance at Rhea scowling at his clumsiness. He was indeed a gifted poker player, showing her an innocent expression as she pries the fork from his fingers.
"The waitress is coming finally. I'll get you a clean fork."
He could only roll his eyes at her clean freak attitude.
Noting his sudden shyness Candi rubbed Rodney's inner thigh. He snapped a glance at her with eyes flaring. As if he needed help sporting a woody of his own. As she continued her tormenting she turned her attention to Rhea.
"What do you do for a living, Rhea?"
Lifting the bridge of her glasses Rhea tried to smile, "I'm a Freshman at Lawndale Community College. Once I get the required courses out of the way I intend to study abroad. I dream to be an Anthropologist someday. And, no that has nothing to do with Ant Colonies, Adam."
Candi giggled at her attempt at humor, as well as the expression Adam used to mock her when Rhea turned away. He then chose to add, "Rhea's really smart."
Rhea smiled briefly, "My scholarship keeps me secure. I live at home still. That will change once I move on to a University. Rodney's been out of school for two years now. He still lives at home. But, I'm certain you know that as he's never brought you home."
"I see nothing wrong with that." Candi defends him, "Obviously, you both love your parents. I'm sure they love having you there."
"Has Rodney told you what he wants to do when he grows up?" Rhea amuses herself.
Candi's hand rolls further up Rodney's thigh to rub his erection, "Why no. What do you want to do when you GROW up, Rodney?"
He grits his teeth behind pressed lips then tries to ignore her taunting fingers, before he can reply Rhea adds fuel to the fire, "His ambition is to be an Astronaut. Or was it a Brain Surgeon? No wait, it was a Pornstar."
Candi giggles, "Well, I must say his name fits. Rod to the Knee."
Rhea's face turns pale and offers a disturbing look, "I'm sorry but you have to be an Escort." She waves both hands around annoyingly, " I really don't want to hear about my brother's anatomy."
Rodney narrows his eyes and feels his temper flare, "Goddammit, Rhea! She's not an escort. Lighten the hell up." He snaps a glance back toward Candi, "And, I want to open my own Computer Café someday. Call it Starfuck's or something. But, for now Rhea you need to drink decaf."
Candi calms Rodney with a tight grip on his leg, "All in good time. You should be more supportive of your brother, Rhea. He has a good head on his shoulders."
"Who has known Rodney longer? You or me?" Rhea grumbles in response, "Trust me that dream will never happen. How much money do you have saved in your Piggy? I'm not even certain why he works in a gym. He's a weakling."
Creasing her brow Candi eyes Adam, "Does she treat you like this? What do you do for work, Adam?"
Swallowing hoarsely at her question, he shivers at Rhea who glares at him over her glasses.
"I work at my Dad's Auto body. I'm learning the trade. Rhea can be a pain but she's my pain. "
Rhea frowns but accepts his words as somewhat of a compliment.
Candi fidgets, "Anyway, I stand by Rodney. I believe in him."
Under the table she kicks him with the toe of her shoe prompting him to stand up for himself.
Leering at her with confidence he puts his arm around her and plants the palm of his hand on the back of her head. He then drags her in for a steamy lip lock.
Adam admired his control glancing up at Scott and Amber at the next booth, making out also. Finally, he looked over at Rhea whose expression almost dared him to try and kiss her. With a sneer he growls, "Shut up for once and get over here."
Rhea's eyes flared wide for all of two seconds before giving in to a lengthy kiss of her own.
as everyone parted lips there was a moment of peace as a cute brunette waitress finally showed up to get their order.
Rhea looks up at her lifting the fork Adam had dropped, "It took you long enough. I swore you were heading to our table ten minutes ago. We need a clean fork."
The waitress with the name tag of "Brandy" maintains her smile, "Sorry. The cooks needed help understanding an order before you guys. What can I get you?"
Rodney perks up, "I think a pepperoni with double cheese is good for us."
Candi shrugs discarding her opinion.
"Pepperoni gives you nightmare gas." Rhea groans, "Please don't torture us."
"Don't you ever shut up?" Rodney whispers under his breath squirming lightly.
"I'm only looking out for everyone here. I'd hate for Brandy here to evacuate the building. The last time you ate pepperoni, "Skittles" ran away from home." She lowers her gaze at Candi, "Skittles is Rodney's Chihuahua. Such a manly dog don't you think?"
Candi had to snort at Rodney with glistening eyes, "A piranha with fur? really?"
Shaking his head Rodney squints at her, "Leave me alone or I'll buy you a dog collar and swat your nose with a rolled up newspaper."
Candi brightens up gleefully while shifting in her seat, "That's the sweetest thing you've said to me all day. Well except for how sexy I looked in this dress you chose for me."
The waitress chuckled admiring their chemistry. She eyed Rodney with curiosity. Candi noted her interest but remained mum.
"Yea about that, part two. No offense but that dress and the lack of a bra just screams slut."
Candi sits up proudly, "Blame Rodney."
She then snaps a glance at Adam, "I'm sure Adam wishes you would wear dresses like this. You have a stunning figure Rhea. Why hide it?"
The waitress stands by merely listening to their banter while casually checking out Rodney. From her angle she could witness the bulge in his jeans. She had to bite her lip and try to remain focused on her job.
"It's called MORALS! Something that evidently skipped the males in my family. I wouldn't be caught dead in that dress."
Adam agrees nodding his head out of revolt, "That would be the day."
Rhea stopped cold in her rant to look over at Adam. He chose to express a sudden lack of interest in her. This made Rhea uneasy. Was he losing interest in her?
"I wore that sundress back in May. You liked that. It was tasteful though."
Adam shrugs, "If you say so."
"Just because I was raised to be a lady doesn't mean I can't be sexy. I can't help it if I feel like a freak if I wear such things."
As Adam rolls his eyes Rodney looked up at Brandy, "Just bring three pepperoni pizzas and two pitchers of coke. Sorry you had to hear this."
Brandy jots it on her notepad then winks at him, "I've heard it all. Trust me." She ends her stay with a biting motion of her lower lip as she glances once again at his crotch. He doesn't even notice her intrigue. Leaving them to argue Brandy went about her mission.
"Who cares if you look like a freak, Rhea. You should do whatever is necessary to express your desires to your man. Show him you care about his desires." Candi interjects.
"Since when is my love life your business? Adam knows I love him. That's all that should matter."
Adam scoffs and rolls his eyes again, "Yeah, who needs passion and sex. It's so unnecessary."
Rhea drops her jaw, "Really? This is what we talk about in front of friends, family, and hoochies?"
Adam suddenly blasts, "YES! I'm tired of living under your cold ass life. I love you but it's getting old fast. Bitch! Whine! Complain! It's all you do."
She trembles at the honesty and glares around at everyone. Suddenly, she snaps at Rodney, "This is all your fault. Bringing this woman here dressed like that. It's whorish."
Rodney's face turned red as he planted both hands on the table and leans over toward Rhea.
"At least we know who's the virgin at this table."
Stunned by his revelation Rhea narrowed her gaze and fought back with a kick to Rodney's shin. Snarling at the impact he returned the favor by kicking hers. The pain made her cry out and wince.
Adam shook his head eying Candi as he chose to duck back under the table as if examining Rhea's bruise. Even though he lifted her pant leg his eyes never once looked over her shin. Instead he eyed Candi's hemline as she once again spread her legs wider this time and placed a finger on her clit rubbing it gently for his viewing pleasure. After a few minutes Adam returned to the table and shakes his head, "Barely a booboo you big baby."
Rodney sneered, "Yeah, you Big ole Virgin Baby."
Rhea's eyes bulged and she abruptly bolted from the table avoiding witnesses to her tears. Swiftly, Amber parted from Scott and ran after her.
Silence among the four remaining people. Finally, Candi pats Rodney's arm, "Go apologize. Talk it out. I'll be here patiently waiting."
Rodney offers a rejected desire to do any apologizing until she winks at him. At first he looks at Adam, "She's your girlfriend."
"Dude, she deserved that. I'm not babysitting her. All yours Bro."
From behind them Scott chimes in, I'd go make peace before this triple date becomes a bust. Trust me Guy, Amber's still a virgin too. It sucks to be me."
Another pat to his arm Candi bats her eyes at him, "Fix this."
He growls at her for being forced to play counselor. She in turn snarls back playfully, "You're adorable when you get aggressive. I'll be fine. Go speak your mind and take your time. Plenty of time before the movie starts."
Hissing, Rodney stands up and storms out of the booth to chase down his sister.
As soon as Rodney is out of ear shot Scott leaps to his knees to lean over the low backed booth bench.
"Speaking of BUST! I think I've busted a nut twice since I set eyeballs on you."
Candi lowers her gaze sheepishly, "I tend to have that effect . Should I say I'm sorry?"
"FUCK NO!" Scott blares.
Keeping her composure so as not to show her intentions, Candi fluttered her eyelashes toward Adam in front of her. She did her best to ignore Scott's breath on her shoulder from above. As awful as that breath was.
Adam leaned forward on his elbows, "So, what do you see in Rodney the troll?"
She in turn tightened her gaze on his, countering with, "What do you see in the Ice Queen?"
He smirks lowering his gaze to her massive cleavage, "I like what I see here so much better. Do you always go without panties?"
Candi lowers her gaze trying not to smile as her fingers twist at her golden locks. Tilting her chin down at her cleavage she looks over her brow at him.
"Always. I like my freedom. You do realize I adore Rodney. I am here with him."
Adam puckers, "Yeah! Yet, you teased me pretty hard fanning those legs wide under the table. Makes me think ole Rodney isn't satisfying you well enough."
She fidgets her lips curling them at the corner, then leans forward to whisper, "Obviously you haven't seen the size of his dick."
Adam in turn leans further forward on his arms, "Obviously you haven't seen the size of mine. Bet mine is bigger."
Frowning, she lifts both of her hands up in front of her, using her fingers to measure the length of Rodney's manhood. Displaying a rough eight inches Adam chuckles, "Okay, he's got me there."
She points down at her lap, "And, Rodney has me there."
"Why spread your legs at me then?" He sits curiously.
Forming a timid smile she winks, "I love teasing."
"So don't freeze up on us now." Adam smirks.
Scott drapes his right arm down over the benches back. He use a single knuckle to caress her shoulder all the way to her bicep. She in turn tilts her head without looking at him with a shiver.
"Oh, that felt nice." she whispered.
Scott then tangled his fingers in her hair, "Soft skin Bro. Hair's silky too."
Adam eyed her cleavage, noting that as she tried to sit up straighter, her nipples stabbed through the tan cloth of her dress dramatically.
"You're giving her goosebumps Scotty. I see two huge ones on her chest."
The hairy armed Scott shifted his angle to look over Candi's front to witness the uprising. He offered a devilish grin toward his friend as Candi sat emotionless, merely eying Adam.
"While the cat's away as they say?" She muses at the fact that neither man were the slightest bit worried as to where their girlfriends were.
Scott lowered his hands to her shoulders and tenderly massaged her. She in turn closed her eyes while smirking, then ushering, "I thought I was the massage therapist."
Scott leans down to whisper in her ear, "Complaining?"
Without an answer she merely opens her eyes to stare directly into Adam's. He tried to read her mind and chooses his own opinion, "I don't believe she's complaining."
Remaining mum she merely raises an eyebrow. At that moment Adam averted his gaze to search for their missing friends. Evidently, they had left the building.
"Looks like we've been forgotten." Candi casually mentions.
Adam returned his focus on Candi's eyes, "Yeah, you getting lonely?"
She sighs at Scott's massage, "With all of this attention? Is that even possible?"
Hearing her, Scott finds his way through her dangling blond hair for a better grip. After a few squeezes he decides to slide his fingers under the doily like material of her dress. The cloth slid easily off of her allowing Adam a glimpse of her tanned shoulders. The dangling material slipped even further down her biceps. She merely glances her profile to her left bearing witness to their location.
With hands clasped Adam rests his chin on his knuckles to watch her. Her beautiful blue eyes locked on to his, studying each other for reaction.
Breaking the silence Candi points out, "For a Saturday night this pizza parlor sure is empty."
Adam remaining in his stance grins, "Service here sucks. Look how long it took the waitress to get to us."
"Oh, I don't know." She wrinkles her eyebrows at him, "I think the service here seems to be holding its own on my end."
Scott took a breath to make a scan of his own through the parlor. The waitress herself was in the kitchen area. The only two booths occupied were well hidden from them. Content that he was safe he increased his massaging speed, lowering his nose down into her hair to absorb it's fragrance.
Exhaling, his warm breath glided across her earlobes and neckline. Her only acknowledgment was a deep inhalation of her own.
Growing bolder, Scott released his grip on her shoulders yet stayed connected to her flesh. Palms never leaving her his fingers fanned wide. She immediately knew what was coming next.
Very slowly Scott trailed the palms of his hands forward, down over her breasts. He raises his eyebrows as he felt her nipples under his palms.
Her gaze consistently on Adam's she merely lowered her chin to touch her cleavage. She notes his eyes hesitate until they couldn't resist. Finally, Adam had to observe Scott as he began squeezing her tits. His handprints moving about under her dress made Adam almost whimper.
She blushes lightly with a sheepish grin as her eyelids seal closed at the sensations. Finally, she reaches over and pats Scott on the cheeks, "If you're asking me to read your palms, I'd venture to guess you have your hands full."
Both men chuckle as Candi continues blushing. She uses her own hands to fan herself as if overheated.
Adam unclasps his hands to reach his right hand out. Poising a finger beneath her chin he lifts it gently, "I think we have your mind off of Rodney. Am I right?"
She fidgets lightly, "Oh, no. I really like Rodney."
Scott continues digging his nails into her 34D's to her delight. With each kneading she trembles.
Adam still holding his knuckle to her chin watches as she reaches her right hand up to run her fingers through Scott's hair. In turn Scott nuzzles her earlobe going so far as to nibble and suck on it. This made her giggle.
"Ticklish?" Adam surmises.
"Very." She quivers
Wincing in thought Adam adds, "You may like Rodney, but not enough to make us stop playing with you. Right?"
"Technically, Scott is the only one playing with me." She counters with a beguiling stare.
Adam nods with a pucker, "You know what I mean."
Defiantly, she stares, "I love attention. Rodney knows this very well. My question is, do Rhea and Amber mind that you're showing me this much attention?"
Adam smirks, "Do you really care what they think?"
"What hurts Rhea will most likely hurt her brother." She admits.
Adam decides to trail his index finger between her breasts amid Scott's crushing palms. He hisses trembling, "Then we should all agree to keep this to ourselves, so as not to hurt either of their feelings."
Scott mumbles into her ear, "I love these Titties."
Tilting her head toward Scott she whispers back, "And, they adore you."
Tapping the dresses buttons at the base of her cleavage he decides to unbutton the top button. She eyes him carefully as he moves to the second of four buttons. as she feels the second button give way her dress wrinkled up exposing Scott's thumbs and two fingers of each hand.
She frowns, "Our pizzas AND our dates should be here any minute."
Adam scours their surroundings deciding she might be right as he noted the waitress Brandy waiting by the pickup window. With a scowl Adam nods for Scott to release her tits.
Rolling his eyes back he licks her earlobe one last time, trailing his tongue down her neck and over her shoulder. Her eyes flared brilliantly at the seductiveness he exhibited. Finally, he drops back into his seat groaning at his hard on built up over the excitement.
Adam stared at her open dress capturing the fullness of her revealed breasts. The cloth however dangled over the majority of her nipples. Only a tiny portion of her areola's were exposed.
to his surprise she only pulled the shoulder sleeves back into place, leaving the buttons undone. Her piercing blue eyes taunted his gaze while he fidgeted. Finally, she pries her cleavage wide open until both nipples popped into view. Candi then lifted them and plopped the 38D's on top of the table. With a wink she asks, "Happy now?"
Adam takes a deep breath noting the waitress carrying pizzas in their direction. He knew he had mere seconds to spare. Swiftly he lunges both of his hands toward them.
Before he could reach them she drew back in her seat and quickly buttoned up. Adam bit his tongue just as the waitress Brandy reached their tables.
"Here we go! Two piping hot Pepperoni's. "
Candi giggled, "Been there."
Brandy offered a strange expression then said, "Drinks on the way."
Candi giggled again, "I'm sure they are."
Both men chuckled knowing she had meant them. Their dicks. And, the deserve to jizz."
Adam applauded her with a soft clap. He enjoyed this tease.
Before he could offer anything further he heard Rhea's voice and sat back awaiting her arrival. Followed by a moping Amber and a distant Rodney with his hands in his pockets, they quietly returned to the scent of fresh pizza.
Amber nearly dove into her booth as Scott had already began wolfing down their pizza. She smiled at him then hugged his arm. She tried to ignore the scent of apples on his arms and face. Still, it would nag at her the rest of the night.
Candi slid out of her seat and shuffled toward Rodney. Still at a distance she pulled him aside, "All better Romeo?"
He shrugged, "It will never be better. I apologized. She rambled. Called me an asshole. Nothing new. I think Amber at least understands me. Anyway, how did things go here?"
She offers a strange expression then licks her upper lip, "They were imperfect gentlemen. I think I figured out how to get Rhea to lighten up. All in good time."
Patting his chest they start to turn around just as Brandy returns bearing three pitchers of soda and a stack of glasses. She lets the glasses slip from her grasp but before they could hit the floor Rodney reacts and bends to catch them. In his fumbling he loses his balance and brushes his face on Brandy's hip. Brandy stood wide-eyed at his endeavor.
"My savior." She giggled.
Rodney stood erect and turned red. He lost his nerve to speak until Candi jumped in to reach into Brandy's pouch apron. "He was going for the straws. You got in the way."
All three of them chuckle. Brandy smiles warmly at Rodney, "It's okay. Serves the server girl right for carrying too much. Thanks."
Rodney nods and moves away to the table. Candi however whispers, "I'll get you his phone number."
In shock Brandy tried not to look giddy but professional. What shocked her more was that his date was getting him another date. Weird!
At the booth rhea sat silent pouting until finally she got up the nerve to slug Adam on the bicep.
"You couldn't have bothered to come look for me?"
He stammers, "When you get like this it's better to leave you alone."
Still pouting she huffs, "What if I needed a shoulder to cry on?"
He frowns, "You just bruised that shoulder. Out of luck."
Toughening up Rhea glares at him, "You don't want me anymore do you?"
"Knock it of Rhea. I'm still here."
She fidgeted then used the spatula to get a slice of pizza. For the best of ten minutes there was peace.
Rodney finally broke the silence having eaten, "Miss me while I was gone?"
Candi simmers a glare at him then uses both hands to palm his face and kiss him sweetly. "Did you even need to ask that?"
He grins at her breaking away to look over at Rhea who shook her head. A second later she looks at Adam, "Miss me?"
He chuckles and starts to lean in for a kiss. Rhea puts her palm over his lips, "As if!"
Candi tried not to laugh. Instead she swiftly changed the subject while looking at the time on her cellphone.
"Movie starts in thirty minutes. We should finish eating and get going."
She then offered Rodney a lifted slice of pizza which she fed him giggling at his nibbles. Candi could tell Rhea was ready to vomit at her affectionate feeding. Her playfulness made her queasy.
Looking at Adam she grimaced, "Don't even think about it. I'm not feeding you like a child."
Sulking and bitter Adam turned his gaze toward the wall beside him. Then he felt a bare toe creep up his leg from under the table. No way at this angle was it Rhea he thought. Let rhea be a cunt he thought. He would just fantasize about Candi.
He admired Rodney. Even though she was teasing him, she never took her eyes off Rodney. Lucky bastard.
Amazing!
Twenty minutes later, the six of them stood in line to get their movie tickets. Everyone was arm in arm. Everyone tried their best to forgive and forget.
Scott and Amber stood behind Rodney and Candace jabbering about the scent of Scott's hands. Finally, Candi twisted around on her heel to face Scott blurting out, "Just tell her how you pawed me up already. She knows it's my perfume."
Amber stomped her foot and grimaced at Scott who froze in his step. Candi took the lead by reaching down to grab Scott's hands then turning herself around to place his grip around her neck.
"There! Now show her how you choked me from behind for joking about how big and hairy you are. And, that Amber should take you for a bikini wax, but all over."
Amber burst out laughing almost snorting. He then moved his hands around Amber's neck mimicking the same maneuver. She forgave him instantly, leaning over to whisper into Candi's ear, "I know! He's from Planet of the Apes."
Scott followed suit and whispered, "Be nice or I'll test your gag reflex with my banana."
Candi choked laughing as Rodney moved forward in line, "Have you been telling Scott here about using that Dole in my hole?"
Rodney heard everyone laughing except Rhea in front of him, then countered with, "Me Tarzan, You Pain."
"Promises, promises." Candi chided him with.
Rodney narrowed his eyes and reached out to grab her by the cleavage of her dress dragging her into a steamy kiss that ended with him biting and tugging her lower lip until she whined.
"Just wait until I get you back to the treehouse. WENCH!"
Adam shook his head at Rhea, "Sourpuss."
She sneered back at his reply, "My puss is not sour."
He rolled his eyes and turned to purchase their tickets.
This made her pout yet again. Adam was ignoring her. Losing interest.
The movie of girl's choice was an erotic thriller . The men could only cringe.
"Satin Jungle? Sounds like a gay porn." chuckled Scott.
Adam twisted watching Rodney buy his tickets, "Starring Hairy Scott Forman as GAYRILLA."
Before Scott could lunge at Adam playfully Amber put a halt to it. "Behave!"
After a few minutes Scott had his tickets and they stood in line for concessions. For effect Rodney held Candi close to the hip beside him. After hearing Rhea and Amber dart for the bathroom he knew the guys were behind them. A certainty they were admiring her legs and skirt line, which barely covered her butt cheeks.
Studying the overhead price menu Rodney slid his hand under her skirt and rubbed her cheeks. She tensed up and grinned from ear to ear at his sudden boldness. As he rubbed her bare ass in front of them the guys drew closer together to hide their exhibition from prying eyes in the line.
Rodney could hear their whispers and soaked up their admiration. He was growing more and more confident in himself.
With each rub her skirt fluttered to reveal her perfectly tanned ass. As the customers ahead of them moved away from the counter Rodney and Candi advanced forward. They would share a large buttered popcorn and a blue slushy.
Candi waited until his hand was back on her ass as they waited for their food. She then feigned dropping her straw on the floor. She winked at Rodney as she bent down to pick it up. With Rodney's assist her entire ass came into view for the guys to witness. Their unobstructed view was now an intimate display of butt crack, compressed pussy lips, and a stunning anal cavity.
Standing erect she removes the paper from her straw and pokes it into her blue slushy. Turning around with the straw between her lips she teased the guys with a sucking motion. Swirling her tongue around the tip of the straw she winks at the boys.
Confident Rodney pays for his popcorn and turns to face everyone.
"Grab your goodies. I've got mine!" He then French kisses Candi in front of them sharing a blue tongue.
While Scott and Adam stepped up to order, the cute couple made their way to the main aisle. Candi turns to Rodney, "That was SOOOOOOO HOT! Did you see their reaction? we have their attention. The next step is for me to get the girls to open up."
"Good luck with Rhea. Iceberg that sunk the Titanic."
Giggling she hands him her drink, "I'm going in. Have faith."
As she enters the restroom quietly she overhears Rhea and Amber from their sealed stalls. Candi finds her own stall to Rhea's left and sits down.
"I hate her! I pray to God she never becomes my sister-in-law." rambles Rhea.
"I think she's gorgeous. She seems nice too. But, yeah she dresses just a little too revealing. I just know Scott's eyeballing her behind my back. That part bothers me."
"Adam had better not be or I'll castrate him. I'll hang his dick from my rearview mirror." Even as her aggression roars she changes her tune swiftly.
"Why doesn't he drool over me like he does her?"
Candi could hear Rhea's insecurities slipping under the radar. For every ounce of rude bitchiness was a wanting to be desired.
Beside her Amber concurred, "I know. Scott only pays attention to me when he gets horny. I want to go all the way but I'm scared. What if he doesn't like what I have?"
Rhea whines, "How could you want to have sex with him. I can hear Tarzan calls from his armpits. I think Adam will break up with me soon anyway. I'm just hopeless in the looks department. I want to give in but like you I'm afraid I'll give it up and get crushed."
Hearing the girls made Candi reflect back in time. It took Damian to steal her heart and change her from her frumpy nerd status. She loved the new her so much more.
Guilt sets in the more she hears them. She no longer had malice in mind. She wanted the girls to grow up. Shaking her head she finally bangs on the stall barrier, "Enough whining already. Both of you need to stop hating me for being me. I'm a good person. I believe that both of you can be as desirable as you want to be. I'll have you know your boyfriends BOTH told me how much they desired you. While you were outside with Rodney we had a long talk." She cringed at her lies but knew it was the only way to open them up.
"Rhea? Forgive me for any ill thoughts about your behavior. I know what it's like to feel different in your own skin. While there's nothing at all wrong with being virgins I do think the two of you need to step up. You don't have to have sex to show them you adore them. Start out small. Experimental. Take a look at me, six months ago I would never have worn a dress like this. I knew I was pretty but it took a special man to make me see beyond myself. And, before you ask, that man is not Rodney. The man I'm talking about went off to Iraq. Rodney however makes me smile. A lot! Cut him some slack. Let him live his own life. You need to concentrate on yours."
Rhea sulks while absorbing her words. As did Amber beside her.
"That man has sent my confidence level off the charts. I feel free. I feel sexy. Hell I just FEEL." She almost forms a tear thinking of her Husband. MASTER!
Candi flushes and opens her door. After washing her hands she stares into the mirror awaiting them to join her. Eventually they exit their stalls and wash their hands. Finally, all three face each other.
Rhea lowers her gaze, "I'm sorry for being a cunt."
Candi reaches out and pulls her into a hug. As Rhea simmers on her shoulder she trembles, "Did Adam really say he wanted me?"
Parting Candi puts her hands on Rhea's shoulders, looking her in the eye, "They both just need to know the two of you want what they want. I'm very certain they will accept whatever you can offer them."
Amber shutters, "I've thought about giving Scott a hand job. I've never even seen a dick outside of a magazine."
Candi smiles at her releasing Rhea.
"Trust me! They're awesome. I say convince them you want to make them happy. Be bold! Right here. Right now. I'll help you as much as I can. If you want me to that is." She sachets happily, "I was thinking of treating Rodney to a blowjob in the theatre. Just so you know I wouldn't have cared if you both saw it. That's just me. Like I said, Freedom. It's exhilarating."
"I don't want to see my brother getting a BJ. I'm not sure I could even face Adam if I were giving him one." She herself nearly repeats Candi's giddy dance, "I've thought of it many times though."
Candi giggles, "Now you're talkin'. I'm certain the guys will return your favors in spades. When you're ready to go further. So, what say you? Shall the three amigos blow these bastards to hell?"
Amber drops her jaw laughing, "I'm game! I wanna keep Scott happy."
Candi nods, "Let's go makes these natives restless."
The girls quickly hug and walk out of the bathroom to see the men leaning on a wall beside a velvet barricade.
Approaching Rodney, Candi flicks her tongue at him. He flicks his back.
Rhea and Amber face their dates. With a tear Rhea pulls Adam into a tight hug. He stands stunned by her sudden warmth. His eyes dart around to see Amber doing the same to Scott. Finally they part and the girls lead them toward the theatre. Falling back Rodney gives Candi a glare, "What just happened?"
She smiles vividly, "Wait and see!"
Reaching the theatre auditorium they realize the seats are all empty.
"Awesome. We're the only bozo's here to see this movie." grumbles Scott.
Amber pats him on the chest, "Be glad." It certainly helped her over her fears of being seen.
Taking their seats Adam led Rhea first, followed by Candi and Rodney. To their right sat Amber and Scott. As the before movie trailers ushered by Candi leaned over to Rhea.
"You can do this. Don't be afraid."
Rhea winces, "I can't see without my glasses. Everything's a blur."
"You said you didn't want to see us. That helps right?" muttered Candi.
"I wish I had a blindfold."
Candi frowns then tugs on her scarf. This made Rhea smile.
Pulling it from her neck Candi did the honors of removing her glasses and tying it over her eyes. Rhea snorted at her silliness. This made Adam raise an eyebrow. All Candi did was wink at him.
Standing up Candi leaned over Rodney to whisper to Amber, "Scarf blindfold. Be brave."
Amber grins and unties her own scarf and puts it on.
Scott growls, "This movie has to be awful if they're covering their eyes already."
Candi huffs, "You be quiet. These girls have something they want to say."
Candi guides Amber to her feet then in front of Scott.
He eyes her from below as she speaks, "This is my desire. I hope you like what I offer."
Candi moves to Rhea and stands her in between Adam's legs.
Swallowing hoarsely Rhea speaks, "I'm sorry I'm such a bitch. I want to make it up to you. Make you happy to be with me."
All along Rodney sits awestruck by their behavior.
Candi then stands between Rodney's legs, "Alright Ladies! Let's kneel and get busy."
All three of them crouch down on their knees and try hard not to laugh. The three men could only stare in disbelief.
Candi led the way by unzipping Rodney and reaching in to pull out his eight inch erection. She stroked it lightly while blowing him a kiss. She then looked to each side and found the girls stage frightened. She tells Rodney to hold his thought and leans over to Amber. She takes her hands and guides her to rub Scott's crotch. Candi winks at him and pinches the man's formation between his jeans. Amber's fingers find his zipper. Before she could have it down Scott had unbuttoned his own jeans and was lurching forward to pull them down over his ass cheeks. Amber would then easily discover his manhood. At first feel she was in awe of it's girth and hardness. She would fondle him for quite some time.
Moving to Rhea, Candi assisted her trembling hands. She needed the most help.
"Adam help her out. Take your pants down for her." Candi whispered.
He swiftly unzipped and lowered his jeans. Rhea sat troubled and could only rub his knees. At least she smiled he thought. Candi winked at him, "Here stroke it until she gets brave. I know she will." As he started to stroke it Candi carefully reached over and moved his hand. This allowed her to sneakily stroke his cock herself. He sat stunned and mouthed the words, "OH FUCK YEAH!"
Rodney cleared his throat demanding her attention. She grit her teeth and abandoned Adam to his whimpering. Finally, Rhea moved her hands forward and found her man's shaft. The feel amazed her making her gasp then giggle. She heard Adam say, "God I love you Rhea."
That was all she needed to hear. Her hands began to love his cock. His cock began to love her hands.
Candi sat up over Rodney straddling his dick. She folded her arms around his neck and leaned in to kiss him. In her passion his hands raced up her skirt all the way to her spine. Eventually the kiss closed his eyes to the world.
To Adam and Scott though, the sight of Candi's ass made them ravenous. Here they were getting hand jobs and watching the hottest girl around show off. Both of them decided together to get brave. They reached a slow moving arm over to caress her ass while Rodney wasn't paying attention. Candi sighed at the touch of their palms. It was their secret.
Breaking their kiss, the guys abandoned her ass to caress their dates hair and cheek. Praising the girls made them react with vigor.
Amber finally took the leap and moved her mouth around Scott's crown lightly probing it with her lips. Scott motioned a thumbs up at Adam, who prayed that Rhea would try it too.
Candi sat up in Rodney's lap to watch over her students. With all eyes on her Candi reached down to lift her dress up and over her shoulders. There she sat totally naked in Rodney's lap. Rodney himself was shocked by her move. Still, he never let his gaze waver to look at the other men. He needed to keep focused to encourage his hard on from shriveling up. After all his sister was at his feet. That was trauma enough.
Candi sat regally and reached her hand down to stroke Rodney. Her eyes never left his. Finally, she planted his dick up to her pussy and sat down on it. The warmth drove Rodney crazy. So wet! So very wet.
Both Adam and Scott were amazed as she ever so gently gyrated in his lap. They strained to witness his dick moving in and out of her. The sensations made Rodney again close his eyes. She took note and leaned in to whisper, "Keep them closed. Enjoy me!"
With this inspiration he agreed. As she awaited his failure she continued to ride him and roll her palms in his hair. As she did she winked at both Scott and Adam before examining the girl's activity.
Candi sat back up trying hard not to moan. In her stride she coaxed the boys to reach over carefully. With her assist both Adam and Scott held a tit. Squeezing and pinching at her nipples made her exhale soft intense moans, "Oh Rodney!" was barely audible over the sound of the playing movie.
Adam decided to release Candi's breast. Instead he chose to focus on Rhea. He leans forward and pulls her up into his lap. Her grip left his cock making her whimper. She was enjoying it's warm throbbing. Yet, as Adam cradled her he kissed her full on the lips and caressed her hair. She quaked at his tenderness. Giving her hope she whispers into his ear, "I want to taste you."
Without rebellion she eased away and returned to his lap. After a few more strokes she leans forward and swallows an inch of his six inch cock. He reared his head back and let out a deafening gasp. Then she took in more. Her jaw adjusting to his size finally allowed her to move at a faster rhythm. He and she were in heaven.
Candi knew Rhea was happy. She chose to then take pride in Amber's feeding frenzy. The girl was a sloppy mess and Scott was numb in her grasp. He could only move his eyes to show his weakness.
Now it was time for Rodney. She pulled off of his cock and slithered down to suck on him. She buried her face under his balls and gobbled them whole. This made him go insane trembling in a spasm.
Then she slid her tongue all the way up his foreskin to engulf six inches of his eight. She gagged herself dramatically. Her throat incursions were echoing throughout the row of seats.
While all three men were a quaking mess they were shocked to see a woman walk silently by the row they were in and take a seat three rows further down. At this point in their ecstasy none of them cared. The woman was far from ugly. Quite attractive actually. In the light of the movie. This made them swallow their moans out of concealment. They all wanted to finish and take the risk. There was no stopping now this side of a police raid.
Teeth gnashing all around, Rodney was first to flood Candi with his massive load. She took great pride in showing off his leftovers to the other men. As she swallowed and licked him dry she stood up over Rodney. His eyes were huge as he pointed behind her. In confusion Candi turns sideways and spots the woman. Her own eyes bulge as the woman turns around to see her.
Candi could only cringe inside and wave at her .
The woman smiled at her and motioned that she would not say anything. Then fluttered her hand to continue. In response Candi turned back to Rodney. With a shrug she grabs his hand and stands him up. Erect she stands on his jeans and forces him to step out of them. After removing his tennis shoes of course. Standing in front of Rodney she turns and silently crawls over the seat into the next row. His eyes bulged as she curled her index finger to follow him. Finally getting up the nerve he too made it to the next row, without disturbing the other girls.
Candi led him by hand to the aisle and laid down on the carpet. She then proceeded to drag him with her until he mounted her missionary style. Rodney swallowed hard and omitted the woman from his mind. He loved fucking Candi Palmer. Nothing else mattered.
As his injections increased to a fever Candi began moaning loudly. Her echoes forced the woman to notice. Her curiosity made her scoot over to the seat on the aisle to observe them. She admired their youth and bravery. If you could read her mind she would tell you that she herself craved such exhibition and spontaneity.
In their final sweaty throes Candi had an orgasm that made her squirt all over the carpet. Rodney continued until he spewed yet again inside her. Neither of them cared to consider the ramifications of such stupidity. They would regret their actions once they left the theatre.
The woman finally stood up and walked up behind them. She merely smiled down at them with admiration. She then moved up the aisle passing by the others. Both men looked at her full in the face as they shot cum into their girlfriends mouths. She winked at them and fluttered her fingers goodbye.
By the time she reached the exit both Rhea and Amber had sat up gagging on the new taste. The guys both reached over and removed the blindfolds and looked the girls in the eye.
Scott spoke first, "Now that's how you make a man happy."
Amber spit his cum out beside her laughing, "It tastes like pineapple."
"Aloha, Baby!" Scott chuckled pulling her into his arms.
To their left Rhea managed to keep Adam's cum in her mouth. With puffed cheeks she looks at him while squinting in the blurry shadows. He places her glasses on her face until she could see him smiling at her, "Swallow it."
She creases her brow and manages to swallow it all. She then showed him her tongue while gagging.
"That bad?"
She shook her head slowly then leaped into a kiss to share his taste with him. Now he wanted to gag. Both sat laughing.
Suddenly they saw Candi and Rodney standing up either totally naked or very close to it.
Candi moved down the row in front of them and grabbed her dress from a seat back. She swiftly put it on and looked to Rhea, "Can you hand me Rodney's pants and underwear?"
Rhea look at her grossly, "Ewwwwwwwwww!"
Finally, Adam reached down and gathered his belongings. Hearing his sister make noises made Rodney sneer. He needed to make matters worse. He stands up into view and lets his sister see his erection and chuckles. "Mine tastes like Passion Fruit. Right Candi?"
"Better than my blue slushy that got knocked over on the floor." She giggled.
Rhea covered her eyes then burst into laughter, "OH MY GOD! AMBER! WE JUST BLEW OUR MEN. IT WAS FREAKIN' AWESOME!"
Candi nodded at her pride in them. She knew she gained a couple new friends.
As they lost interest in the movie they finished getting dressed. Deciding to abandon the movie they made their way outside. Saying their goodbyes they each head off their own directions.
In the parking lot Candi noticed the woman from the theatre sitting in her car two cars over from Rodney. A glance at her license plate made her chill inside.
"Holy crap. That was Lisa. Mark's girlfriend."
Rodney's eyes bulged, "Our Mark? As in paycheck signed by Mark?"
Candi whined and prayed that Lisa wouldn't remember her. She hadn't set foot in Mark's gym in two years. Maybe they would get past her. Who was she kidding. Mark would find out and kill her.
"I say we run this car off a bridge and end our lives now."
"Fine by me. I can die a satisfied man."
"I'm glad I could make you happy. Me? I'm terrified."
"Let's go home and cuddle." Rodney schmoozed.
"Might as well. Let's not tell Mark we recognized her. That might save us. It was an accident after all. Right?"
"Sure. He'll buy that."
"He will!"
Both knew differently.