I wanted the phone to ring. I was already in the mood for some delicious sex talk and a thoroughly deserved orgasm of monster proportions.
I was expecting my husband's call. He was away for a week and we had a kind of erotic tradition: whenever he was staying in a nice hotel, he liked to turn off all the lights in his room and stand naked in front of the window, gazing out at the lights of other hotel rooms in whichever city he was in, while I told him how much I was missing him, how much I wanted to feel him licking my body all over and so on. Listening to his heavy breathing and inevitable ejaculation would immediately make me cum as well: phone sex at its best, we always said.
I was lying on our lounge, watching an old Candida Royalle video, wearing just my silkiest wrap, deliberately keeping my first orgasm at bay although occasionally I couldn't resist squeezing my thighs together around my hands as the juicy heat of the romantic coupling on the screen intensified.
At last, the phone rang. I gave my voice extra huskiness as I spoke.
"Hel-looo?"
There was a squeal in my earpiece then a breathless female voice.
"Hi Jo, guess who this is!"
Stunned, and quickly grateful I hadn't said something more explicit, my memory stalled for a long moment: wait, it was Sheana! My god, I hadn't spoken to her in years. In a moment my irritation evaporated and I smiled as I recalled her lovely face from school; bright, funny, always happy.
After quick greetings, there was an awkward hesitation before she came to the point: as she would be passing through my little town soon, by herself, was there any chance of a bed for the night?
I assured her this would be completely fine, confirmed the address and date and then she said she had to go – but was looking forward to a long reunion chat.
I had barely replaced the phone when it rang again and this time it was David, as expected, in position and with oiled cock in hand. I had meant to make up a story for him about seducing the postman, but my mind was already recalling long-forgotten but very sexy images of Sheana and myself… and others too… years ago… elsewhere.
Had we really been so wild when we were younger? Or had I merely dreamt some parts, embroidered them colourfully over time? I hadn't even thought of Sheana for ages, but her voice brought so many memories back, image after image wrestling for prominence in my mind, a weird hazy collage of girls having fun, drinking, laughing, touching, being touched. Where had it all started? Ah yes... I remembered now...
"Let me tell you about my old friend Sheana," I murmured.
Closing my eyes, I began to tell David the story, knowing he would enjoy me teasing him by stretching it out. My fingers slipped down once more to where I enjoyed them most; the action on the screen ignored as I focussed on recalling every delightful detail.
***
It must have begun with being sent to a new school. As the only daughter of a state politician, I grew up in a well-to-do but extremely hectic household where certain decisions were put in place and there was absolutely nothing I could do about them.
Luckily, I enjoyed school and had no regrets about my parents' decision. But then came the shock. With less than a year of my schooling to go, my father's party lost office and soon after I was told I had been enrolled in a well-known private girls' school in a better part of the city. My initial reaction after I realised they were serious was blunt refusal but when they explained the facilities on offer and the likely benefits for my future, I changed my mind, very grudgingly. My academic results and participation in school activities such as music, drama and sport were sufficient to achieve an interview with the Headmistress, but my family's name and social standing turned the meeting itself into a trivial formality. For better or for worse, I was to make a new beginning.
So it was I arrived for my final year of school determined to succeed, but nervous about knowing no one in such a large community. Fortunately, there were other new girls in the same boat, one of the friendliest of whom was Sheana (pronounced "She-AH-na").
Sri Lankan by birth, Sheana had a beautiful coffee complexion and an extraordinary train of dark, wavy hair that the school required kept up in a bun, since, when loosened, the long strands reached well past her shoulders. She was shorter than most, but her breasts and bottom were so prominent, at times her posture seemed rather awkward. Her lovely smile and perpetual expression of wide-eyed innocence meant she invariably attracted attention from males in her vicinity, yet she never seemed to take her would-be wooers seriously. Sheana laughed a lot and was always good fun. We quickly became close friends.
As well as meeting the new girls, it was important to recognise the social leaders. Of these, Kimberly was certainly one of the best-connected, a rather broad-shouldered girl with a dark bob framing a round face. She had big blue eyes with long eyelashes, and was always, and I mean always, presenting a perfect smile. As captain of the debating team, she seemed popular, but had a disconcerting tendency to act as though she were more mature than all around her. Her family was obviously wealthy and her grooming and taste in clothes reflected her highly privileged upbringing. Her parents had even given her a red sports car for her birthday, despite the fact she was unable to drive it alone until she gained her licence several months later. Her pampered appearance, her confident manner, her ease in conversation with students and adults alike - everything about her indicated familiarity with power and wealth.
Kimberly and I shared classes but exchanged very few words, mainly because she struck me as an outrageously spoiled snob - after learning of my schooling background, she seemed totally uninterested in allowing me access to her established circles. This situation continued without regret on either side until late in the year, specifically until the night of the 'all-schools' social which marked a major turning point in my social standing.
Sheana and I went to the dance together, keeping each other company but also determined to have an excellent night out since our last exams were approaching fast and study would have to become our sole priority. There were no strict dress regulations at socials, but obviously there were teachers and parents on duty to prevent fights, smoking, and so on. We had spent a lot of time deciding what to wear, eventually daring each other into wearing tasteful but teasing outfits we hoped would attract the boys we wanted to meet without being too 'sluttish' and damaging to our reputations among the girls.
In the end, Sheana wore an almost too short, very tight and shiny synthetic number in bright scarlet with a thin gold belt and red heels, guaranteed to create a sensationally exotic effect against her dark skin tones. I chose a short ivy-green sleeveless silk sheath with a scooped neck which clung closely to my developing curves and emphasised my legs without much danger of riding up, with black pumps to permit the energetic moves I loved. After a joint visit to the hairdresser and careful application of our make-up at Sheana's house, the enthusiastic reaction from Sheana's brothers left us satisfied we would make a suitable impression.
As a social event, the dance itself was a bit of a dud - the boring DJ had no idea about sequencing songs and the boys all seemed to be too afraid of being rejected in front of their mates to ask us to dance. But since it was obvious many of them were watching, and since we were there to enjoy ourselves, Sheana and I decided to really go for it on our own on the dance floor. Ignoring everyone else, we danced up a storm, letting the throbbing bass beat move through us, from our shaking breasts and thrusting hips, right out to the tips of our whirling limbs. Once or twice we held each other closely, striding about with our breasts pressed together in an exaggerated pseudo-tango. It was all terrific fun.
When the music finally stopped after a long set, the boys cheered and whistled wildly: only then did we realise what a performance we had given. Many of our classmates were furious their partners had been more interested in perving at us than dancing with them, but neither Sheana nor I could have cared less. We had enjoyed our uninhibited dancing tremendously, had fun together on our night out, and if we had given the boys something to fantasise about while they wanked in their beds that night, then so much the better.
Early the next day, Kimberly stopped me between classes and, smiling widely as usual, told me Sheana and I were the talk of the schools after our "provocative" performance.
"Now darling..." she began. She called most girls "darling", an affectation I found typically snobbish and silly of her.
"I really must apologise. I certainly should have welcomed you aboard long before now, but how was I to know you were hiding so much talent in there? Now, listen, darling, I'm sending you an invitation to a little sleepover I'm hosting very shortly. It'll be great fun, just a few girls, a few drinks and things, and I just know you'll find it an extremely entertaining evening, and, of course, Sheana will come as well, so do let me know you'll be there as soon as you're sure." And then she was gone, whisking away to rejoin her regular admirers before I could say a single word.
As promised, her invitation arrived within 24 hours, professionally printed and highly formal in every respect: "Ms Kimberly Kitchener requests the pleasure of...", etc.
However, one line stood out startlingly:
Dress: Lingerie/nightwear - Elegant.
Sheana and I discussed the dress code and the larger issue of attending at great length, deciding at last that as long as we were there together, nothing too terrible could happen to us. The last thing I wanted was to appear totally gauche by asking Kim to explain her plans further. We decided to accept graciously and enjoy the experience.
Of course, my parents never saw the printed card, and fortunately they were generous enough to provide me with my own modest clothing budget, from which I could make purchases with virtually no questions asked.
As a result, Sheana and I ventured into the city after school next day to visit a few boutiques. It was a lengthy expedition, but an entertaining one. Part of the fun was sharing a changing room to assess the various combinations of satin, silk and lace. I had purposely had a bikini wax and worn a plain cotton G-string under my uniform that day to make the multiple changings simpler but was startled to see Sheana strip completely to try on item after item without any of her own underwear on at all.
In any case, on her voluptuously endowed figure, virtually everything looked spectacular and it was simply a matter of deciding which was best for the occasion. For me, it was a careful weighing up of budget constraints and comfort as well as "elegance". There was also the matter of finding lingerie which emphasised the attributes I knew were most attractive – my legs in particular. Even Sheana had mentioned how much she would have loved to have my legs. I enjoyed her admiration, but really, her breasts and buttocks were sublime.
For the next few days, doing well in our exams became our sole concern. By the end of the last day's tests, I was confident I had done well, but my natural relief was still clouded by nagging uncertainty as to what might be in store at Kimberly's slumber party that evening. I was very relieved when Sheana confided her own anxiety and it was a great consolation for both of us to know we were going together.
It was shortly after six when we arrived at the Kitchener residence, overnight bags over our shoulders. We were both 18 but Sheana didn't yet have her licence, so I drove. Kimberly greeted us with the unsurprising news that her parents had gone away for the weekend, a common precaution among girls planning parties.
As Kimberly escorted us through the house, it was impossible not to be impressed by the obvious expense reflected in the interior design and artworks on display. To my mind, the overall effect was successfully tasteful, stopping short of gaudiness or vulgarity. It was simply a spacious, well-lit, three-storey modern mansion with, we were informed, a pool, tennis court, offices and multiple bedrooms and bathrooms. We were led through an open-air courtyard to a separate guest annexe with a twin bedroom.
As we deposited our bags on the beds, Kimberly enquired nonchalantly whether we had brought our swimming togs with us. Sheana and I looked blankly at each other.
"Sorry, I didn't know we'd need them," I said, rather perturbed.
"Oh well, not to worry, darling, it will be absolutely no trouble at all," Kim replied. "We always keep spares for our guests - I'm sure I can find some for both of you." She slid back a sliding door to reveal drawers and racks, with pillows, blankets, gowns and various other materials stored neatly. Opening a drawer, she produced two one-piece white swimsuits immediately, handing them to us triumphantly.
"You see, here we are. You can decide who wears which. There are spare towels in the ensuite, and when you're ready, you'll find us in the pool - just out the door and down the path to your right."
She left us both looking dubiously at the suits in our hands. Mine appeared a bit small, but otherwise conventionally designed... or so I thought at first glance. Looking more closely, I realised its sides were virtually non-existent, the front and back joined only by narrow black strips of lycra.
Dismayed, I showed Sheana, who began to laugh but stopped abruptly as she discovered hers was even more revealing. Hers consisted mostly of two wide bands meeting just below the navel, covering the wearer's breasts, just, but still allowing much of them to be exposed on both sides.
I started to suggest we should simply walk down to the pool fully clothed and watch the others, but Sheana wouldn't hear of it.
"I do not think it will be so bad. It is very hot tonight and a swim will be excellent. And if it is only girls here, what will it matter?" She turned away and began to undress. Still doubtful, I did the same. There was no way out of it I could see - I would be forced to enter the party in one of the skimpiest costumes I had ever seen, let alone worn.
As I had predicted, it was slightly too small for me and took quite an effort to ease into. Tugging it up and squeezing the straps over my shoulders, I turned back to Sheana, and froze. She was totally stunning. The white straps down the front struggled to conceal her generous globes and the rest of the suit was, like mine, clearly one or two sizes too small, sheathing her well-endowed body in a tight white grip. Her hair was tied back, but it was so profuse, it still created a frizzy, dark halo around her head and shoulders.
Realising I was staring, I turned away quickly, disturbed by an effect she was creating I couldn't define. Or perhaps, I reasoned, it was just nerves caused by an unfamiliar social situation. Anyway, Sheana didn't seem nervous at all.
"You see, Jo, they are not so bad. At least they won't fall off. Come on, let's go now before it gets too cold." She walked out, and I found our towels and followed. Noticing how tightly her suit dug into the crevice of her rear as she walked ahead did nothing to calm me since I knew how much of my own bottom must be similarly exposed.
To my surprise, it seemed there were to be only four of us, including Kimberly. The only other guest was Kaia, generally a loner at school, although I knew she and Kim shared an interest in water polo. She was trim but muscled, fair-skinned and had nearly been suspended at the start of second semester for returning with a bleached blonde haircut which was regarded as too short. She always acted really tough, smelling of smoke and swearing all the time. A rumour persisted she had been kicked out of her previous school, but I was never impolite enough to ask her about it directly.
Kim and Kaia were in the water already, Kaia in a black bikini and Kim in a similarly dark crop-top set. I couldn't help blushing as they paused to regard our tightly encased figures as we slid in beside them.
It was a humid afternoon, and the water felt fabulous. I let myself float about on and under the surface in bliss as the four of us chatted idly about school and our plans for the summer. From time to time I had the feeling Kim and Kaia were regarding us with unusual interest and I glanced down to make a horrifying discovery: the water made my suit almost totally transparent!
Since we were all now sitting in the shallow end of the pool, I controlled my reaction and merely folded my arms over my breasts. Internally, I was seething. Kimberly must have known what the suits were like and I disliked practical jokes at the best of times. As subtly as I could, I glanced at Sheana. Already revealing more of her body than would be decent on the street, her swimsuit had also become practically invisible, yet she seemed blissfully unaware she was all but naked in front of us.
With my new awareness of our state of undress, I realised that though the other two kept up the string of chatter, their eyes trailed repeatedly from Sheana's face down to her ill-restrained breasts and beyond. And try as I might, I couldn't help also noticing with fascination the way her elongated nipples protruded so darkly through the translucent material.
As the temperature dropped further, I was relieved when Kim suggested at last we move inside and change into our "night things."
I moved first, keen to conceal my exposed front from the others by leading the group up the path. To my dismay, Sheana was the last one out, allowing Kim and Kaia (and me) all the time in the world to witness her spectacular figure stepping slowly from the water, her slick see-through swimsuit doing nothing to hide her breasts and the dark patch of her pubic hair. The other two found it highly amusing, judging by the little smiles and winks they gave each other whenever Sheana wasn't looking. Grabbing my towel in a huff, I set off for the security of the guest bathroom.
After a hot shower, I still felt somewhat disgruntled at their sneakiness but at least now I would be covered again and, more importantly, I was famished. Dinner would be very welcome. As Sheana showered, I changed into my selected garments, a dark violet satin chemise and French knickers with a matching short wrap. It was the first wholly satin outfit I had ever worn but as soon as I had tried it on, its sensual texture on my skin had made it irresistible. It was so comfortable and so "elegant".
After Sheana had vacated the ensuite, I reapplied some light makeup and lipstick, anxious to look my best in my new nightwear. When I stepped back into the bedroom, I was unable to resist comparing favourably my sleek satin ensemble against Sheana's plain white cotton briefs and cotton singlet-style nightshirt embroidered with a cute little Cupid figure on the front. Why on earth she had ended up buying something so plain with which to adorn her enviable figure, was beyond me. Perhaps she really was shy after all. Either that or without much sense of "elegance". Even so, with the short white cotton clinging to her dark curves, she was still undeniably what my father would have called "a stunner."
Ready at last, we made our way to the living room, my instincts on alert for any other little 'jokes' which might lie in store. But when we finally came face to face with Kim and Kaia, I certainly didn't feel like laughing.
If Kim and Kaia had stared hard at us in the pool, when we were next to naked, then it was now our turn to do the gawking. Their chosen outfits were simply incredible.
Kaia wore a close-fitting teddy made of what looked like smooth black leather, with mesh panels down the sides and a long zip up the front culminating in a large circular tab. But perhaps even more confronting than the teddy itself was the matching leather collar she wore around her neck, studded all around with shiny metal points.
Seated beside her on the soft doonas spread over the floor, Kimberly was also in black: a gorgeous lacy bustier to support and enhance her cleavage significantly, with matching wide-legged knickers underneath. I recognised the brand as one of the most expensive on offer at the boutiques. A gold necklace, earrings and bracelets enhanced the overall effect. I suddenly felt hollow and insecure again and Sheana and I exchanged a look: both of us wondering what on earth we had let ourselves in for.
As soon as Kim judged we had been shocked sufficiently, it seemed, she rose to retrieve our dinner and beverages from the kitchen, Kaia acting as her assistant. They wrapped dark kimonos around themselves before they left, concealing their lingerie and thankfully allowing our minds to avoid dwelling on why they had chosen to wear such things. "Elegant" - hmmm!
At least there were to be no disturbing surprises on the culinary side. Kimberly had prepared thoroughly, producing hot savoury crepes, gourmet mini-pizzas, salads and two bottles of champagne from the fridge, opening them expertly and pouring out the foaming chilled liquid for us. I made the mistake of drinking quickly on an empty stomach and, two or three overeager glasses later, began to feel giddy. The things we were saying became funnier and funnier. Even the see-through togs didn't seem so serious now - merely an amusing prank.
Some time later, after removing most of the food trays, leaving several boxes of my favourite chocolates (Guylian seashells) and ample champagne in ice-buckets, Kim seemed to pull herself together somewhat, mid-laughter, and stood with refilled glass in hand to address us, mock-formally.
"Now, girls, this is the after-dinner speech," she said, doing a brilliant impression of one of our headmistress' addresses, sending us all into hysterics. "You are all about to go your separate ways in the world, and we have tried our best to educate you in all the important things of life. But there is one area of life we have not covered in great detail, in fact, in as little detail as possible, and since you are about to leave us and enter the World, you must be educated in the facts of life, what one might term "the birds and the bees"... (We all cheered wildly.) "...and as your Head, I have taken the liberty of preparing a program for this evening through which you will receive considerable education in the 'facts'."
We applauded her excellent mimicry, but I don't think I took in all she was saying. I began to feel light-headed, relaxed and basically very, very good. The pressures of the term were behind me - all I wanted to do now was party!
Kim placed her glass on a coffee-table and turned on the T.V. and video behind her with a remote control. Dramatically, she switched off the overhead lights, the room now lit only by the television. We quietened down and rolled close together onto two doonas in front of the large screen, eager to see what form our first "lesson" would take.
Kimberly sat to one side of the screen, using the remote control to fast forward through some brief film titles I didn't catch until she pressed 'play'.
The image on the screen shocked me into silence.
The scene was a kitchen. A well-endowed Asian woman was sitting on the counter, facing the camera, her floral summer frock open all the way down the front to expose her dark-nippled breasts, the hem bunched around her waist. She was pressing a dark-skinned man's close-shaven head further into her crotch. We watched in awestruck silence as different angles showed his head and tongue moving about energetically between her thighs. As his tongue flickered back and forth over her clitoris, her dubbed sexual moaning filled our ears and my thighs clenched in response.
The volume level dropped and Kimberly began a commentary, maintaining the mock-serious "lady-like" tone we had all heard from our headmistress so often, but covering topics never heard at school assembly!
"As you can see, the man possesses a tremendously long and agile tongue with which he is able to lick, suck and otherwise stimulate thoroughly the woman's clitoris and labia until she experiences an extremely satisfying peak of female pleasure... as she does here."
The actress wriggled and heaved, locking her thighs around the actor's head as he waggled his face about with an expression of intense concentration. Although the still-rational part of my mind said she was faking it, I became acutely aware of my body's response. I was lying flat on my front with my head on a pillow, my pubic mound and breasts pressing through my thin satin chemise into the doona. The pressure on both places felt very nice and I wriggled surreptitiously for a few moments to give both areas further gentle stimulation.
"And I think you will agree, girls, from what you see here that any myths you have heard about the size of a black man's equipment may in actual fact be true."
My pulse leapt. I had seen a few boys' penises before, but none like this.
The negro man was standing now, casually supporting and stroking an engorged organ which looked far too long to be real. His cock was like a shiny black sausage, evidently hard but unable to raise itself up further than parallel to the floor. His partner quickly slipped off the bench and, to my amazement, knelt before him to accept the head of his over-sized prick into her mouth, continuing to guide it in bit by bit until roughly half had disappeared from view. With her left hand she ringed its base tightly and with her right she commenced a vigorous milking action along the remainder of the slippery stem, all the time continuing to suck hard on the swollen head.
"Although the size of his cock is obviously superior to those likely to be encountered by most girls of this school, his partner's ability in not only coping with his prodigious length without gagging but also bringing him quickly to the point of release is deserving of great admiration."
While it was impossible not to admire Kim's skill in mimicking a personal development lecture, this was still the first "adult" video I had ever seen and watching an actual sexual act being performed by real people made my pulse race and caused a rushing spread of warmth between my legs. I couldn't resist squirming my pelvis against the doona again and I wondered for a moment whether the other girls felt the same way, each of us becoming moist between the legs, secretly wanting to be able to slip hands into pants to enjoy herself while imagining what to do with that big black dick. I couldn't remember ever becoming so aroused while lying around in a group - it was fun but scary at the same time.
As the camera zoomed in on the woman's face, her cheeks hollow with the force of her sucking, she let the dark, slippery pole slowly disgorge from her lips until just the head remained to be caressed by her swirling tongue as she increased the milking speed of her hand to a furious rate. A quick shot of the man's face showed little expression, but then the camera stayed with the woman who, to my surprise, clenched her eyes shut and opened her mouth wide, her long tongue outstretched. Two seconds later, gooey liquid splattered from his cock onto her face and into her mouth, some of it dripping down onto her chin as the man spurted in huge white gushes all over her beautiful features. Yet she continued to lavish his penis with her tongue, licking long strands of sperm straight from the source, still fondling him as she did so.
"Yee-uuuk!" said Sheana, lying next to me. "That's disgusting!"
"That's a fucking lot for one load," Kaia commented. "He must have not cum for a week!"
I didn't know what to say to that. When I eventually got a boyfriend, was I supposed to allow him to cum all over my face? What did it taste like? Compared to Kaia, there was obviously a lot I didn't know.
Kimberly turned the TV off and stepped over to switch the room light back on. We all winced from the light and sat up slowly, our minds no doubt still replaying the pornographic images. I was acutely aware my bra-less nipples were poking stiffly through my top. Although I would have been so embarrassed if someone had made a comment about them, I couldn't resist sneaking a peek at everyone else to compare. To my delight, I found I was not alone: Sheana's full breasts peaked in hard tips straining against their thin covering. I couldn't see the others clearly enough to know.
"So what do you think, girls? Would you like to see another one?" Her triumphant tone and gleaming eyes told us she was certainly keen for more.
I seized the opportunity. "What other kinds do you have?" I asked, trying to sound nonchalant, as though I watched X-rated porn all the time.
Kimberly almost purred in response. "Well, darling, it all depends on what you'd most like to see. I've got men licking women... or women sucking off men... three men inside a woman at the same time?"
"What? How can they do that?" interrupted Sheana, too quickly. She clamped her hands over her mouth in embarrassment as her imagination suggested the answer to her question.
"No…they couldn't, could they? Not up her bum!" She fell backwards against me in a fit of giggles. Her warm body pressing into my breasts did nothing to make my nipples less prominent, although she didn't seem to notice the soft intrusions. Bracing my back comfortably against the sofa, I allowed her to settle against me.
"Yes, Sheana dear, that's how they do it, and sometimes she'll wank other boys as well," said Kim, again playing the teacher. "I know, let me show you. Now this I like!" Inserting the new tape, she found the scene she wanted, turned off the lights and rejoined us on the doona, reclining on her back with her head on a pillow.
Two extremely yummy boys with the most incredible bodies were having an extremely vigorous wank together. It was true about their bodies: gay or not, a great physique is a great physique and these boys were built to die for. They were sitting in a gym, supposedly after a workout and while the dialogue was somewhat banal, the visuals more than compensated. After some tongue-bashing between them that had us groaning a bit, they began working away industriously at their own overdeveloped erections. I noticed both were uncircumcised, and apart from enjoying their hard-bodied nudity, I was surprised at the difference in the methods they used to bring themselves off. The blond guy ringed his penis with thumb and middle finger and used long slow strokes from the base right up over the tip while the dark one milked himself in rapid little strokes while his other palm circled round and round on the sensitive crown. I wondered which technique boys I knew preferred.
Suddenly curious, I took a quick peek around in the semi-darkness to see how the other girls were reacting. To my right, Kaia's eyes were narrowed and her lips were forming something like a smirk as she stared lustfully at the screen. She hugged her pillow tightly to her chest. In front of me, Sheana's skin was suddenly much warmer, and I was sure her breathing was heavier. Lying at the front, Kimberly's legs were locked at the ankles with her thighs pressing together and her hands were resting with fingers interlocked tightly on her tummy. She was squeezing her thighs together rhythmically and discreetly. I could hardly believe it, but her thigh muscles continued to ripple regularly before my eyes.
The film episode finished predictably with the men pumping their sperm onto each other's rock-hard abdominals in slow motion before they rubbed their cocks together lovingly and gave each other another lingering kiss as they faded to black.
"Damn, I was beginning to enjoy that," said Kim, slowly uncurling before reaching over to turn the video off again. I bet you were, I thought, wondering when I could give my own clit the treatment it deserved.
"Who'd like some more champagne?"
"Yes please, Kimberly, but I think I need a toilet break first!" said Sheana, getting up quickly and heading for the door.
"Me too," I said, rising to follow her. I was telling the truth but I also didn't want to be left alone with Kim and Kaia just then.
Without waiting to seek directions we raced, giggling, through the house and up some stairs, Sheana beating me narrowly into the first bathroom we reached.
Taking the opportunity to explore further along the corridor from the toilet, I found a sizeable bedroom with, as I had hoped, an ensuite. The amount of champagne I had drunk made the visit longer than normal and when I emerged, feeling relieved, I looked around the room more closely.
The wall opposite the ensuite was covered with floor-to-ceiling mirrored doors, presumably hiding shelves or racks of clothes. I was startled to see another mirror set into the ceiling over the bed. I hadn't thought anyone actually had one of those - it seemed so... unsubtle or something. The bed was king-sized and covered with an eiderdown of black sheepskin-like material, soft but slightly prickly, and as I stroked it, I was surprised to discover I was leaning on a waterbed, the surface dipping beneath my weight.
Immediately, a flash of irresistible desire hit me. Perhaps it was the combination of the alcohol, the erotic videos, the sensual look and feel of the bedroom: something stirred up overwhelmingly powerful, exciting feelings lying dormant within me. I felt so young, so female, and so horny – more than ripe to start fucking. Within seconds, my wrap, chemise and undies were on the floor, and I was flat on my front in the middle of the bed with my arms and legs outstretched, the wave patterns adjusting beneath me. I savoured the deliciously prickly softness of the fur caressing every naked crevice. I rolled over and over to massage my back and my breasts. I ground my pelvis into it, luxuriating in total abandonment to tactile sensuality. I felt lost in a space built for the pleasure of the body, mind and spirit, a place where excellent sex could happen.
Coming to rest on my back, I startled myself with my reflection. I giggled, wondering what Kimberly's parents would think if they knew an 18 year old girl with stiff nipples and a damp vagina had been frolicking nude on their waterbed, rubbing herself into it for sheer pleasure.
Inspecting myself more closely, I was pleased with what I saw. My long dark hair was sleek, my green eyes were clear and bright, and my long legs were definitely spectacular. My breasts, while not as awesome as Sheana's, were a good size. Some day soon a boy would be holding them, maybe sucking on them… God, just the thought made me wet again.
I spread my legs and raised my knees, drifting into a new fantasy: I was Kimberly's mum lying in the same position here at night, looking up into the mirror and stroking my moistening cleft gently as I waited for my husband to emerge from his shower, clean and fresh, ready to make love to me. I imagined Kimberly's dad with a big hard cock, climbing on top of me, entering me smoothly, his bare buttocks clenching as each of his eager thrusts into my yielding cunt were answered by the gentle ripples of the compressed water beneath us. Whispering hot encouragement into his ear, wrapping my legs around him, I'd scrape my nails across his arse, making him shout as we drove each other to the extremes of mutual pleasure, humping together faster and faster...
Suddenly I heard someone laugh downstairs. I hugged myself and shuddered. I was still a virgin technically but the sexual "vibes" of the room were incredible. I was strongly tempted to give myself a quick orgasm but I had a sobering feeling I was already being missed downstairs so reluctantly I rolled off the bed, replaced my new night attire and checked a mirror to make sure my state of arousal wasn't too obvious. My face and neck were indeed flushed, but not so fiercely they would become a topic of conversation (I hoped).
Wandering back into the living room, I discovered yet another bottle of champagne was being consumed enthusiastically on the doonas amid much merriment. I found my glass and filled it once more, but had barely swallowed a sip before Kaia said, "Kim, I think it's time for some games, don't you?" She said it with such meaningful tone and direct eye-contact with Kim that I immediately sensed some kind of conspiracy.
Taking her time, Kimberly drained her glass before she spoke. "Ah yes, I'd almost forgotten. Listen, everyone, it is a tradition at any of my slumber parties..."
"Pillow fight!" yelled Sheana unexpectedly, raising hers in the air. Kim was evidently surprised but regained control quickly.
"No, no! Put it down! It's time for "Truth or Dare"!"
Sheana lowered her pillow slowly. A sudden frisson of tension invaded the party atmosphere. My suspicions of collusion between Kimberly and Kaia began to appear better and better founded. The standard rules of the game were simple. On her turn, each girl chose either to give a truthful answer to a question, no matter how embarrassing, or to perform a dare chosen by the asker. If the group didn't believe her answer, or if she refused to perform the dare, the asker could impose any forfeit. At other parties I'd heard about, playing this game had resulted in extreme embarrassment, even humiliation, for those forced to pay forfeits. I'd heard of girls being locked out of houses wearing only their underwear, having water poured down their pants, having their intimate secrets gossipped around the school and many other worse things. Ordinarily I probably would have tried to get another game going instead, but my inhibitions were dulled and besides, it did sound like a good idea at the time, as they say.
"As your host this evening, naturally I shall begin. The House rules are to play Truth now, and do the Dares later."
Kaia was obviously keen, jumping in straight away.
"Okay, Kim. How long have you been looking at your parents' videos and other stuff?"
"Oh, I found it all hidden away years ago but I'm fairly sure they know. Perhaps they think it's all good sex education - which it is!"
As the next asker, I felt obliged to show Kimberly and Kaia I could play the game as boldly as either of them.
"Kimberly, when we were watching the video before, the gay one... were you ... doing something naughty with yourself?"
Sheana shrieked and pulled her pillow over her face as she rolled back onto the floor. Kaia simply smirked, "Good question," and waited for Kimberly to answer.
With deliberate coolness, Kim stared me straight in the eye.
"As a matter of fact, yes, I was. Was I turning you on, darling?"
I tried to laugh, avoiding her embarrassing rejoinder but still curious about her technique. And, I admit, I really wanted her to talk about sex.
I was certain I would have to have an orgasm at least once before morning, even if I had to wait until the other three were asleep. My champagne-fuelled body felt warm and willing, tingly and responsive, a dangerously aroused state where almost anything could happen - a very "Truth or Dare" kind of mood.
Before she replied, Kimberly looked at each of us searchingly.
"All right, I'll tell you all about it. I don't mind."
Far from being embarrassed, she looked rather excited about sharing her sexual secrets.
"I used to think anyone could do it my way," she began. "The very first time, I was on a plane overseas, sitting between these two strange men. We had to sleep in our seats and I remember I was having a very sexy dream about someone or other - one of the male crew, probably - and at some point I realised I was getting extremely hot and bothered. So there I was, girls, in my nice dreamy, horny state, quite enjoying myself, you know, when all of a sudden I realised my legs were together like this, and it was feeling better and better all the time."
Kimberly rose from our circle and sat gracefully in a large lounge chair next to the desk, the folds of her wrap parting as she elaborately curled one tanned limb tightly around the other.
"So I simply did whatever felt best – just squeezing my thighs together, over and over, like this."
She closed her eyes to concentrate on her rhythm as she squeezed. Her pink tongue flicked out to lick her moist lips. "Mmmm…yes…"
I felt a strange tightness inside. It was one thing to witness a sexual act on videotape with actors exaggerating everything but here was a girl I knew personally, masturbating herself shamelessly right in front of us. It was sharply erotic to watch, half-exciting, half-disturbing, like the first time I saw a girl in my year French-kissing a boy in one of the dark corners at a dance. Then and now, to catch a sexual act performed at close quarters excited me tremendously.
Abruptly, Kimberly broke from her self-pleasuring.
"But let's not hold up the game," she said, returning to her place on the doona. I felt disappointed. I was very curious to see how she looked and sounded during orgasm, to compare with my own experiences.
Sheana recovered herself sufficiently to ask the next question. My little friend seemed even more under the influence than I was, toying with her glass and giggling constantly.
"Kimberly…(giggle)… how many different boys'… you know, dicks, have you actually seen?"
While I was surprised at such a childish type of question, I had to admit it was one I would have liked to pose myself. I often wondered how far other girls at school had gone with boys. I wouldn't have been ashamed to admit to my closest friends I hadn't had full sex with a boy myself, as yet, but I desperately hoped I wouldn't be asked about it in this situation. Instead, I was all ears, anticipating some really juicy gossip.
Kimberly's first response was to affect a bored yawn.
"How jejune. But since you ask..."
She paused to increase the suspense.
"I've seen my brother undressed, of course, nothing sensational there; let me see, two friends of his who came over here one day and went skinny-dipping, not knowing I was home - nothing awesome there either. And you all know Blake, well, he's got a HUGE one… it almost didn't fit… and of course there's Mark's as well, although his was easier." The gossip-lover in me was delighted. Blake and Mark were two of the most popular boys from our 'brother' school who had escorted Kimberly alternately to various functions over the last year. The episode where Kimberly stole Mark from a girl who had appeared on the cover of a national magazine was one of the year's most spectacular social coups, and had ensured her status. That she had used her body, as was widely suspected, to ensnare Mark was now doubtless.
"If there are no supplementary questions, shall we move on? Kaia, which part of the videos did you like best and why?"
The blonde girl took a hefty swig of her champagne before responding. "Well, these were crap compared to some, but when he was licking her out was pretty hot. Of course, it's better when there's at least one finger inside you as well." There was a lustful gleam in her eye, giving me more internal tremors.
Since she chose not to elaborate, I decided to resolve an old issue instead.
"Okay then, Truth, what was the real reason you left your last school?"
She gave me a hard look. "Funny no one else around here ever asked me that," she replied. "But what the hell. Yeah, this other girl and me got kicked out the same time 'cause we got busted with some boys behind the science block… and like, there wasn't much we could say 'cause our mouths were full!"
Sheana stared at her in disbelief while Kim simply smiled. I guessed she'd heard this tale before. But I was staggered.
"You mean you were... sucking their dicks?"
"Hey, it wasn't just any dicks. I said I wouldn't touch them unless they were straight out of the shower and even then they had to give us fifty bucks each, in advance." I was tempted to call her bluff but she had a dangerously carnal aura about her just at that moment that made it all seem weirdly possible.
Sheana was also still rather sceptical: "O.K., if you were, you know, giving them head, as you said, did you ever let a boy... cum in your mouth?"
I'd never heard Sheana talk so crudely before. Kaia laughed loudly.
"Only once. And only because this guy was so hot. God, I wanted him so bad. I gave him the best head ever, okay? You know, licking it all over, sucking it up and down hard, eating his balls, everything. And another time, some of the seniors got smart and started wanking in the toilets for a while before they came over, so they'd be close already, and a couple of them damn near came. I had to twist their balls to stop them shoving it in and out."
If she was lying, she was doing it incredibly well. But before I could think any more about a girl my age sucking off boys for money, it was my turn to face the Inquisition. Again, Kimberly led the way.
"Now, since you were so interested in my sex life before, let's find out something about yours, darling. Tell us the truth, have you ever masturbated or had sex somewhere public? If so, give us all the details."
I had to smile. Talking about sex I would have to fake but masturbation? I could go on all night if I had to.
"Well, there was one time I did it on a bus to the coast when I was up the back and there was no one near me. That was kind of fun, looking down at all the drivers while I was doing it, right up next to them. There was another time I did it in the backseat of a car at night. These two guys I knew were in the front."
"Whoa," Kaia cut in. "That's bullshit. You better tell us more."
"With pleasure. It was just before last Christmas and I had a job, singing carols at the beach. These two guys in the group, whose names I can't even remember, gave me a lift back. I suppose I was a bit horny from seeing so many guys walk around in their dick-togs all day, you know, and anyway, on the way back, these guys were talking in the front about this other girl in the group, what big boobs she had, how much they'd like to get onto her, blah blah, so I thought, fuck them, I'll do it right here in the backseat."
I hesitated, pleased to have the rapt attention of my listeners.
"So I slid my hand under my skirt and just went for it. The car was really noisy, so I didn't have to worry about any sounds but a couple of times I ripped my hand away when I thought they were about to turn around, so it was all really risky and exciting. Eventually I made it all the way, and having to keep it so quiet made it a really big one, you know? I was, like, rolling around in the back but the guys never suspected a thing. But it felt brilliant to get away with it."
Now it was their turn to look impressed.
"Wow," said Sheana, in wonder. "I would never have thought it." It was true she and I had never shared details of our sex lives before, but I sensed that after tonight, we would do so - and frequently.
"Yeah, nice one," added Kaia, her voice suggesting just a hint of new respect. "But listen: have you ever been topless or nude in public, like at the beach?"
"Sure have. At my old school, when we went on camp, we each got to make a solo walk into the bush and stay overnight in a tent by ourselves. There was heaps of time in the afternoon for nude sunbathing. I think most of the kids probably did it."
Kimberly nodded in acceptance before Sheana turned to me: "Oh, I can't think of a good one. Ummm… I know! Have you ever been out in public without underwear?"
My experience of this game had taught me it was essential to answer every question instantly, to order to minimise the group's doubting your answer. In this case, though, I knew I had a genuine incident at my fingertips.
"Sure. Last month I was at Kevin Anderson's pool party, and silly me, I went along with my togs on under my little frock, completely forgetting I'd need to change out of them when they were wet. Anyway, after I'd taken them off in one of the bedrooms, I realised what I'd done, but there was no way out of it, so I had to put my togs and towel in my bag and enjoy the rest of the party with absolutely nothing between me and my little black dress. I remember I had to be really careful about crossing my legs properly and avoiding the windy spots outside!
"His sister, Rebecca, was getting changed in there at the same time, so she knew exactly what was happening. I remember at one point she gave me a big meaningful wink from across the room. Well, I was sitting down talking to someone so I gave her a quick flash under the table where no one else could see me do it. That cracked her up! She told me later that after I'd left, she had a great time going around, telling all the boys what they'd missed. She said they didn't believe it at first but then they all got really horny about it, they wouldn't leave her alone."
"Yes, I remember her saying that. I believe it," Sheana said. Kaia and Kimberly were also prepared to let it pass, even showing some amusement.
"And now it's time to ask dear little Sheana a few things," began Kimberly. "Tell us the truth, darling, have you ever put something inside you when you were horny just to see how it felt?"
I could tell with certainty Sheana just didn't have the wits and/or lying ability to survive this game. She gasped at the very idea, rolled her eyes, twisted her hair, looked around the room and generally played for time very obviously. All she had to say was 'no' to be safe, but perhaps she felt obliged to match our outrageous examples.
"Ummm… yesss, I think I once tried something in bed one night to see how it felt. It was… a cucumber! No, no, I think it was a little zucchini… or something."
Kaia dropped her glass and punched the air in jubilation.
"That's bullshit! It's a forfeit!" she cried. Kimberly agreed and with considerable reluctance, I had to concur. My goal now was to keep the forfeit within the confines of acceptability.
"What did you have in mind?" I asked quietly.
"I think we'll give her a choice," said Kimberly. "She can either stand outside the front door for three minutes - in the nude… (Sheana gasped in horror) or she can prove that what she just lied about actually happened, by doing it again, here and now. Which one, Sheana?"
Sheana looked totally aghast, and I couldn't remember any forfeits as bad as this for a long time. I leaned over to put my arm around her and whisper in her ear.
"Do the zucchini," I said, very softly. "It'll only be for a second, you can probably fake it, and they won't be able to lock you outside." Sheana nodded slowly, looking more scared by the moment.
"I… I… I'll do the second thing," she stammered shyly at last.
Immediately Kimberly and Kaia were up and running into the adjacent kitchen, returning almost at once with a small dark-green vegetable, probably straight from the fridge.
"Alright darling, here you are. It's washed, clean and fresh, and look, Kaia's even put some nice oil on it to help it slide right in," said Kimberly. "Now go on - show us how you did what you said."
Her voice was suddenly alive and undisguised fascination gleamed sharply in her eyes, wide and bright. "Go on, don't be shy. We're all girls here, remember. We want you to teach us how it's done."
Still looking very unhappy, Sheana stood slowly on shaky legs, turned her back and did as she was directed. She reached under her singlet, very slowly tugging her plain white cotton underpants into view. I averted my eyes tactfully, looking instead at the other two who seemed completely awestruck as they stared at the crucial point between her legs about to be exposed to us all. Even then, I didn't think Sheana would really go through with it.
Stepping out of her skimpy pants at last, she turned back towards us. Squatting on her heels, she took the small but obviously phallic vegetable from Kaia with a trembling hand, looking at it doubtfully. Then, try as I might, I couldn't stop my eyes being drawn down with her hand, struck immediately by how abundantly lush her pubic triangle was, in spite of the waxing. It was also exactly the same shade as the hair around her shoulders. The unexpected sight of my friend's uncovered pussy sent a shockwave through me, perhaps an early warning of a taboo about to be broken. The disturbing vibes inside me increased as the smooth end of the zucchini began its final approach to her pink opening, her lower lips held apart now with the fingers of her other hand.
The room became utterly silent. As she gradually applied slow and gentle pressure, we all watched breathlessly as the tip of the zucchini began to disappear into her densely furred enclosure. There could be no doubt about it, it was really going inside, it was really penetrating her...
Suddenly Sheana was on her feet, throwing the zucchini to the floor and screaming at us, wild-eyed.
"No! No! No! I don't care what you horrible bitches say, I'm not going to do it!" She burst into tears and ran out of the room blindly.
There was a very long pause as the excitement in the air evaporated almost audibly and we were all left feeling embarrassed and lacking a next move. Sobering slightly, I felt ashamed I had been part of a group ganging up on a shy individual, bullying her into doing something she wasn't going to enjoy, when all we wanted was to share in some good clean fun. I decided I would have to be the one to find Sheana and try to restore the situation.
"Just tell her we were only fooling around. Tell her we'll be nice to her from now on," said Kaia as I rose, and just before I left the room, I heard her say to Kimberly, "Meanwhile, let's stick it back in the fridge. Maybe we can watch your brother eat it sometime."
Their raucous laughter continued to ricochet around my mind, muddled with emotions and alcohol, but also with a strong sense the sexy part of the evening was a long way from finished.
But first I had to find Sheana.