The standard disclaimer applies - if you are triggered by infidelity, adultery, cuckolding, hot wives, or related topics, there's nothing here for you. Do us all a favor, click the back button, and move on.
***
Sometimes KK has an almost uncontrollable lust for strange cock, the desire to experience the thrill of being the center of attention in a group of random men. KK will talk about feeling depraved, a word she has over time adapted as a label signaling she's in need of less traditional sexual attention, from gang-bangs or group sex to kink of one sort or another.
We happened to be on a business trip to Dallas during one of those needy, greedy periods. KK was feeling the urge from the time we got in the SUV to make the trip until work-related stuff wound down on Friday.
When we started the trip, KK's opener was, "I'm deprived, and I'm depraved, such a naughty, nasty way to be baby. Can you help me get over it?"
I told her that as soon as we finished our business, I'd help her deal with those naughty feelings. During the drive, we enjoyed a long-running dirty talk session, while KK masturbated herself to orgasm several times. Fortunately we only had one day of meetings to deal with, all concentrated on a Friday.
When I picked her up from her last meeting, KK said, "I need some strange baby... are you up for a little fun?"
I had no idea what KK had in mind, because we hadn't been recruiting an encounter partner for this trip in advance.
KK said, "There's this place I want you to take me, over by the airport, OK? Maybe let's have an early dinner, then I'll get ready at the hotel, you can take me out, and help me find some hot cocks to play with..."
Filled with anticipation, we hurried through dinner, then headed for the hotel so that KK could get ready. She showered by herself, when she was finished, KK turned the bathroom over to me.
KK was emphatic, "Hurry up and shower while I decide what to wear."
I rushed through my shower, drying off in the bathroom. When I stepped back into the bedroom, KK was standing on display, and said, "Well, what do you think?"
My wife had her "raincoat" on. Untying the sash, letting the coat fall open, KK exposed herself to me. My cock got rock hard just looking at her.
KK's outfit for the evening was simple and sexy - black thigh-high, stay up stockings, heels, and a black lace décolleté bra, over which she wore the wrap-style long coat. I think it is a sort of raincoat, but the fabric is lighter, and it has a kind of velour texture. It makes an ideal encounter garment, because it doesn't have a zipper or buttons, just a sash, about knee length. In cooler weather, she sometimes wears this in lieu of a dress for screening encounters. KK can arrange it to show as little, or as much as she feels appropriate for the situation, it comes off easily, and she can get it back on quickly, if we get intruded upon during a screening encounter. It is also washable, so it doesn't get cum-stained from the inevitable blast that sometimes occurs.
KK wrapped the coat closed, tied the sash, adjusting it so that her cleavage was nicely exposed, then she bent down and smoothed her stockings from the ankles up, flashing me her bare pussy at the very end.
I asked her what she had in mind, and KK said, "There's this place over by the airport - I wanted to go there last time I was here for that conference, but I didn't have time. I didn't really want to go all by myself. I feel very, very naughty. I want you to take me there where I can have a little fun."
I managed to get dressed, commenting, "We don't have any condoms..."
KK said, "We can get some where we're going - Becky told me all about it. Just get ready and let's go!"
I wanted to hear more about the Becky thing (one of KK's friends) but I didn't press on it, due to the seeming urgency KK had about her.
KK was clearly in the mood, in a rush, so I got myself dressed in a flash, then we left the hotel. As we were exiting the hotel parking garage, I asked, "Where exactly by the airport are we going?"
KK said, "Just drive over there like toward Love Field and Mockingbird, but go the other way from the airport."
KK is terrible with directions, but I got the gist of her target's general location.
Before we got on the freeway, KK had me pull into a liquor store, asking for a little bottle of Bombay Sapphire - "The place has a bar for set-ups, but no booze. I want a cocktail before taking cock in my tail, OK?"
KK's little joke made my cock throb, with the thought of some strange cock sliding into her ass.
I parked, went inside, found KK's beverage of choice, paid, then got back into the SUV with the little brown bag. I handed it to KK, she took it out of the paper sack, putting the small bottle into her purse.
Dallas traffic was as usual, terrible, and the weather was on the shit side of things too, but it did give KK the opportunity to diddle herself the entire drive - the SUV had the musky scent of an aroused pussy by the time I hit the freeway exit, making the turn onto Mockingbird.
We drove maybe two or three blocks before KK said, "There it is! I'm so excited!"
I asked, "How again do you know about this place?"
With an annoyed, emphatic tone KK said, "Remember I already told you - Becky went here and had fun. That's how I know. Now just park and lets go in!"
The sign out front was sort of garish, "Xposed 24 HR ADULT THEATER MEGASTORE" in black on a deep red background. The place was a commercial-looking building with some trashy, poorly maintained fencing out front, some crepe-myrtle that was mostly dead, with parking on the front and side. The front parking was full, so I parked to the side, we got out and walked in.
After we got into the building, KK said, "Dammit! I forgot my purse. Shit. I wanted a cocktail..."
I said, "I'll go get it for you."
KK's reply was quick, "No. Just figure out what's the deal, and let's go have some fun. I can have a drink later. I need some attention more than a drink."
Skipping all the unimportant details, the place's front-end was the standard adult bookstore/novelty operation - I paid the couple's admission fee, and the clerk managed to stop yapping on his cell phone long enough to buzz KK in.
KK said, "Find me inside baby - get some rubbers, OK?" then stepped through the door into the theater. I got out another wad of cash, bought a dozen condoms, then the clerk buzzed me in.
After passing a few empty party rooms, I found the theater section.
I spotted KK after a minute or so, already entertaining herself. It was dimly lit, and looked kind of like it was being remodeled. There was one row of theater-style seats in the center section, a big faux leather couch near the front, and a smaller one to the side. KK was on the front couch, her coat open, legs spread, with a guy was between her knees, eating KK's pussy. There was another guy on the couch next to her. KK was stroking his cock through his open fly. I didn't pay much attention to the porn on the big screen, it was some chick being gang-banged, but pretty uninteresting compared to the erotic scene of my wife getting eaten out and jacking a stranger.
I took a seat on the end of the row, where I could kind of keep an eye on things, but not be in the way. The whole row of seats was wobbly, like it wasn't bolted down to the floor. Once I got used to that, I watched the action. KK had her first orgasm after about five minutes of being licked, then the guy stood up, intending to shove his cock into her wet hole.
KK said, "Condom first, OK?"
They guy said, "I don't have one..."
I responded by tearing one of the condoms off the strip I'd purchased, and tossed one to her.
KK said, "Here, cover it up, and fuck me."
The guy she had been stroking moved to get a better view, yanking his own cock, while Mr. Pussy-Eater donned the condom, pushing his covered meat into KK, thrusting, fucking her. The guy didn't last twenty strokes, before he started grunting loudly and cumming. The other dude sprayed his load, which blasted onto my wife's tits and bra.
In the intervening time, two more guys had come into the theater, watching the tail end of the action. The first two guys moved off, then the next two got invited to sit next to KK.
KK patted the couch seat, saying, "Let's see what you've got for me!"
The two men took a seat on either side of my wife, got their pants open, and cocks out. KK started fondling them while they explored her pussy with their fingers - both guys were fingering her at the same time, which had her wiggling with delight. They managed to make her cum, after a few minutes of rough fingering.
In the momentary pause after KK's orgasm, she got up, took off her coat, tossing it to me. I could see she was beginning to get that lost sort of look, that I sometimes think of as crazed little fuck-doll.
KK said, "I want them to fuck me."
I tossed another couple of condoms over onto the couch, the two guys tore the wrappers open, shinnied out of their pants, and got KK positioned on her hands and knees. They started to spit roast my wife - one behind her, fucking her doggie-style, the other in front, on his knees, feeding KK his cock.
I decided to stroke while watching them. In the midst of the action, a couple of other guys came into the theater. They started to stroke and watch, then one of them approached the couch, started to fondle KK's tits, eventually working her nipples free of the bra.
The guy that was fucking her was doing a pretty good job, thrusting away. I got sort of a jolt, because KK stopped sucking the other guy, pulled off his condom, letting it drop to the floor, then resumed, sucking his bare cock - she hates the taste of condoms and lube, so this wasn't necessarily a big surprise, although it "breaks the rules."
The other new guy in the room blew his load, jerking to the scene, then disappeared. The other guy that had come in at the same time stopped fondling and pinching KK's nipples, trading places with blow-job guy. There was no hesitation on my wife's part, KK just started sucking and licking the new hard cock, while the other guy was trying to rub his cock on her tit.
They eventually flipped her over onto her back, when doggie-fuck guy finally lost it, blowing his load in my wife. She pushed him off, and I could see the condom was filled, but still in place. Then "original" blow job guy tried to mount her bare-back - she was kind of lost for a second. I think he may have actually stuck his bare cock in KK's pussy. KK pushed him off, and said, "No raincoat, no pussy! Gotta cover up if you want it."
I tore off another condom from the reminder of what I had in hand, and tossed it over. KK unwrapped it, and teased the guy's cock and balls, putting it on him, then helped him mount her. He started pounding away at KK, missionary style, deep-fucking her. My wife managed another orgasm on his cock, then after a few dozen more thrusts, he blew his load and withdrew. I had lost track of the other dudes, when the fuck was over, it was just me and KK in the theater.
I went over and stood in front of the couch, letting my cock bob in front of KK's face. KK seemed kind of dazed, as if she was entering some kind of dissociative state. KK took the hint, and started sucking me. After a few minutes, a couple came into the theater, watching us for a few minutes, before they left the room. I stopped KK, pulling my cock out of her mouth, then stuffed it back in my pants.
I put her coat around her shoulders, and said, "Let's go see if anything else is happening in the other rooms?"
While she was sorting herself out, I used some tissues from my pocket to pick up the used condoms and wrappers, tossing them in a waste basket near the doorway.
We went out together, then up the hallway - one room had music blaring. We stood in the doorway looking in. There was the couple who'd come in a few minutes prior. Her dress was bunched up around her waist, leaving her tits and pussy exposed. She was surrounded by about six or seven different guys, who were groping her, trying to get their cocks sucked, or otherwise get in on some action.
We watched for a few minutes, then went back the other way, to a room at the end of the hall. It's kind of hard to describe, sort of a giant sofa, with some curtains that divided it into sections. There was a stripper pole, and the room itself had a bunch of distracting lights, loud hip hop music, and a sex swing hanging from the ceiling. On the very end "cubicle" of the sofa thing there was a couple in a 69-position, and a second guy sort of against the wall, furiously jerking off.
I said to KK, "Let's fuck, right here, right now, OK? I wanna do you in that swing!"
KK dropped her coat on a table, helped her get into the swing, spread KK's legs wide, and dropped my pants. KK was wet as hell, I easily penetrated her sopping pussy. The swing made it effortless to fuck her, although it could have been a little higher, so that I didn't have to bend my knees so much - it seemed to be a height for shorter, average height guys to use.
While I was fucking KK, a different couple came in. They watched us fuck from a few feet away, before the woman unzipped her companion, and took out his cock. She started stroking him while watching me fuck KK.
The woman made a gesture to me, and mouthed, "OK?" I had no idea what she wanted, but I nodded anyway in the affirmative. They moved over to us, and the woman helped feed my wife her partner's hard cock, so that she was sucking him, head turned, while I pumped her pussy. The woman was holding KK's head, supporting her, while my wife sucked the strange cock. For some reason, this made KK start to cum way faster than usual. KK was writhing and gyrating on my dick - the other guy blew a huge load, partly on KK's face and hair, partly in her mouth, and all over the other woman's hand. Then I came, squirting a huge cum-load into KK's pussy.
The woman dragged her partner around after I pulled out, made the guy get on his hands and knees between KK's legs, and eat my load from her pussy. He was struggling against it, reluctant, but the woman completely dominated him, shoving and mashing his face into my wife's cum-filled twat. She was saying over and over, "Eat it - eat that nasty hot cum. Clean that pussy out! Eat that fucking cum! Show me that cum in your little bitch mouth!"
That went on for a long while, until the guy was more or less smothered in pussy juice and cum. Then they departed the room without saying a word. I helped KK get out of the swing. Once she was on her feet, I looked around.
Somewhere along the way, the three other people that were in the room had departed, leaving the two of us alone.
KK said, "Do you have any more condoms?"
I fished around in my pocket, and found the string of rubbers - "I have eight left."
KK said, "God! Go and find me some horny men!"
I handed her the condoms, then KK got on the sofa thing.
I said, "I'll be back in a few."
It was awkward, but I prowled the theater and the private rooms, approached men who were hanging around, and said, "There's a hot wife in the back that needs hard cocks now!" to as many guys as I could find that weren't occupied.
By the time I got back to KK, she was in a pile of men, sucking, and fucking. It was hard to tell if everybody was covered up, but I counted. There were only six guys - I didn't see any loose, unwrapped condoms, but it was hard to tell with the pile of writhing bodies what was going on.
The scene was amazing - total depravity, with KK on her back in a pile of strange men. She was alternating between two cocks in her mouth, one in each hand, one guy fucking her missionary, and another trying to jack on her tits. KK's bra had come off at some point, and her tits were bare, sweaty, and glistening. My wife's eyelids were open, but all I could see were the whites of her eyes, rolled back in their sockets. KK was in sexual nirvana in that dog pile. It took about forty minutes, but all of them, plus another couple of guys who came in during the pile, took a turn fucking her. KK only agreed to stop because we had run out of condoms, and a couple of the less endowed guys wanted to go another round, which didn't seem to interest her.
I grabbed her bra, her coat, and got her wrapped up, adjusted her stockings, then we departed. On the way back to the hotel, KK opened her purse, and took out the little bottle of Bombay Sapphire. KK said, "I have terrible cum-breath," and guzzled it down.
Traffic was still for shit, but we got back to the hotel. KK was slumped against the passenger door, with a dreamy look on her face, eyes closed, the raincoat had fallen open, exposing one of her bare breasts. Her lipstick was a little smeared, there were cum stains on her stockings, she looked spent.
I found a parking spot near the lobby entrance, and managed to get KK covered up a bit more, and out of the SUV. KK looked and smelled of sex, throughly fucked, a little tipsy from hitting the gin.
Fortunately, the lobby was empty, and we got to the elevator without being embarrassed or hassled. The elevator ride was a little more awkward. It stopped at the second floor, and two older couples got on. They were staring at us, and making whispered comments to one another. I heard "slut," "what a whore," and other stuff I couldn't make out, along with disapproving stares. Our floor was lower, so we didn't have to suffer a longer ride with them.
We made it into our room without any other encounters with other hotel guests or staff. Without bothering to ask permission, once the door was closed, I stripped KK's coat off, put her on the bed, on her hands and knees, dropped my pants, spit on my fingers, rubbed it on my cock and her bung-hole, and fucked the shit out of her, ass first, because I had such an outrageous hard-on. I figured she'd be compliant after her slutty little theater performance. I gave her some nice dirty talk during the ass-fucking, telling her what a sweet, hot little whore she was, and asking her how was it to fuck all those strange men.
KK kept asking me "How many? Did I fuck all of them? God it was fucking hot! They fucked my pussy, and my ass and my mouth! So many!"
I was able to cum twice, in fairly rapid succession, once in her ass, once in her pussy, after KK sucked me hard again.
The gin finally got to KK, she was ready for a shower, and some recovery time. I helped her strip off her heels and stockings, leaving her naked on the bed to go run the shower. I came back after a few minutes, more or less carrying her to the bathroom to get her cleaned up. I washed her, dried her, and put her to bed. She slept like a baby. Saturday morning KK was kind of quiet, not saying much about the encounter until we were about halfway home.
It was like a dam-break of lusty talk, with KK asking me questions like "Would you do that again with me? It was so hot, all those cocks for me to suck and fuck... do you think they liked it, fucking me?"
KK was thinking out loud, about stuff like lube, towels and bringing more condoms instead of the crappy ones that the store in front had.
As opposed to the logistics of planning and organizing a gang-bang, that was a pretty simple and low-effort alternative, as well as spur of the moment. I venture to say we'll probably try something like that again. I have some concerns over the risks, of stuff like law enforcement intrusion, and would probably want to do some research before another visit.