"We're really just going to sit here and watch TV on New Year's Eve?! Come on, we are only young once! Let's drive to Vegas! Let's go to a party! Let's do anything besides this!" I was exasperated as I stared at my on-again, off-again lover, sitting on the couch in front of a flickering television.
He stifled a yawn and leaned back into the cushy couch. "We would never make it to Vegas in time, it's already 9:30. There's gotta be something here we can do" California weather had been good to him. Even at the end of December his tan lines were evident against the ripple of his t-shirt, stretched against muscles taut from a summer of visits to the gym. Despite my annoyance with our lack of New Year's plans, I couldn't help but admire his body as he pushed himself up from the couch and leisurely strolled towards the closet.
My stucco apartment was just big enough to hold the belongings of myself, my roommate, and my puppy. Since my roommate was spending the holidays with her parents, Danny and I had been hiding out for a few lazy days. As much as I loved relaxing with him, one can only watch so many straight-to-DVD movies on Netflix.
"What are you looking for? Your jacket is in my room." I told him, slightly annoyed that instead of trying to figure out plans for the quickly-approaching New Year he was digging through my mess of a hall closet.
"I have an idea." He grinned boyishly as he pulled a large fleece blanket out of the closet. "Grab your stuff, we are leaving now."
Being a typical Type A personality, I had to fight the urge to demand he tell me where we were going. I grabbed my phone and keys, excited about the prospect of going somewhere new. "Are we going to a party? A bar? I think Friday's is open until 2 tonight..."
Locking the door behind us, he gently handed me the blanket. "You'll see."
20 agonizing minutes of driving on what appeared to be dark roads leading to nowhere, we pulled onto PCH. PCH, or Pacific Coast Highway, is also known as the 1 Freeway and runs up and down the California coast. I squinted at him suspiciously as he flashed his million-dollar smile, the smile that had melted my heart six years before.
Danny had the easy way of someone who never seemed to doubt themselves once in their entire life. While I constantly worried about just about everything in the past, present, and future he took life day-by-day and welcomed the challenges I would normally dread.
We pulled down a dark, bumpy street heading down the hill towards the ocean. By then I had figured out we were headed for the beach, although I didn't know why. There were bound to be tons of people crowding the shores of Southern California awaiting the New Year.
"Here should be good." Danny pulled the little sedan next to a precariously small curb, turning the engine off. "You're mine now." growling with an animal instinct I had never heard before, he grabbed the back of my head, pulling my long blonde hair towards him forcefully. His lips met mine and I immediately melted in his embrace. His tongue explored the soft corners of my mouth. My breath came in hard gasps as he kissed down my collar.
His long fingers grazed my neck, stroking the soft line between my budding breasts and wet lips, which were chapped from his urgent kisses. I was weak, helpless to resist even though every fiber of my body was screaming to touch him. His hand closed around my throat, putting just enough pressure to make me gasp in pleasure. His other hand slipped between my legs, which spread instantly at his touch. My hips pushed up, begging for his touch. He gently yanked my head towards his mouth, sucking and biting my lips as my hips continued to push towards him helplessly.
Just as suddenly as he began, he pulled back his hands towards his lap, gasping for breath. It was like I had suddenly woken up as I quickly glanced around, checking to see if we had any spectators before settling my gaze on the hard bulge between his legs. He grinned that devilish, boyish grin that let me know he had me exactly where he wanted, stretching out his long legs and pushing his hips up to show me the outline of his handsome cock against his jeans.
I frowned, not wanting to give him the satisfaction. "Just touch it for a minute. Just give it a little kiss." Danny's hips thrust uselessly towards my hands, resting on the seat between us. I saw my moment of revenge.
"You only get a kiss up here!" I squealed as I pulled him towards me, planting a deep kiss on his lips and skimming the tips of my fingers along the top of his package, straining against his jeans. "Let's get out of here!"
Half-jumping out of the car, I gathered the blanket and darted down the stairs to the beach below. Surprisingly the beach was empty except for a group of teenagers gazing at an iPhone parked in the middle of the group. We ignored them, skittering past to a small cave-like corner of the beach where we would be blocked from view.
Throwing the soft blanket onto the sandy ground, I pulled Danny down on top of me. We kissed like that for a moment, slipping our tongues into each other's mouths as our hands explored each other. I slipped off my shoes, pushing my toes into the cold, deep sand as Danny ran his hands through my hair. I laid down on my back, willing him to jump on top of me and grind his bulging cock into my throbbing clitoris. We could hear the teens chatting on the other side of the beach, but by that point Danny and I couldn't have cared less who was watching. He gently pushed up my skirt and bent my legs over my head, dipping his mouth towards my waiting pussy.
"Oh god you're so wet I just want to lick it all!" I was helpless to resist as he touched his lips to the tip of my clit, throbbing with excitement. He pushed his face further into my pussy as I moaned with pleasure. His tongue expertly glided along my clit, lapping away like a kitten drinking milk for the first time. His hands cupped the bare skin of my ass as his mouth explored the wetness of my pussy.
I felt the edges of my consciousness blurring as the pleasure washed through me. "Please....please...I can't take anymore." He lifted his head from my pussy, juices dripping from his mouth. "You're mine until I'm done with you." Danny's threat sounded so simple but so firm. In that moment I surrendered my body to him.
He leaned back, ripping his jeans off and kneeling before me. His throbbing cock brushed the entrance of my pussy. "Please put it in, please baby I need you!" any thoughts I had of teasing Danny were gone. He quickly pushed the tip of his cock's head into my pussy, bringing me to the brink of orgasm with one simple movement.
He pumped his cock inside my desperately as we both lost control of our senses. The cold, hard-packed sand beneath us couldn't stop the moans. He thrust into me faster and faster, until I thought I couldn't stand anymore. His breath was hot on my ear as I felt our bodies get closer to ecstasy.
"Ten...nine...eight.." I heard the faraway chants of the teens on the other side of the beach as my consciousness blurred. In the back of my head I knew it must be midnight, must be the start of a new year but in that moment all I cared about was reaching the sweet peak of orgasm. Our bodies were grinding together as I felt his sweet sweat coating my body. "Please..." was all I could manage as I felt the orgasm bubbling inside me. "Danny, please baby pleasure me..."
All of a sudden, I felt it. The first wave of pleasure hit me as I writhed beneath him, pushing his cock further and further into my soaked pussy. "Oh baby!" he felt it too as we grinded hopelessly, moaning unspeakable nothings into our bodies. His orgasm blasted through me as he grabbed my hair, pushing into me with as much force as his body could manage. I wrapped my legs around him I felt my pussy squirt cum as he groaned into me. The sky flashed with midnight fireworks, exploding along with us as we shook together, writhing on the cold beach sand.
I moaned softly as our bodies relaxed together, falling against the sand. My pussy was soaked through with our juices, and I could do nothing but lay there and enjoy it. He rolled up, pulling his pants on in one smooth movement. I patted the sand next to me and Danny gently laid down, giving me the sweetest, gentlest kiss. "Happy New Year babe."