"Babe, Linda and Nikki are coming over tonight" my wife yells to me from the bathroom while she gets ready from work. I'm sitting on the couch flipping through the channels. I feel my cock twitch in my shorts.
It was only a few weeks ago that I'd had my encounter with Jen's sexy hispanic friend, Linda. My cock begins to stiffen as I think about Linda's shocked expression when she saw my throbbing cock for the first time. I wonder if Linda had told Jen...
"What's the plan with them?" I yell back.
"Haven't talked in a few months. Just gonna catch up, ya know?" she says as she walks into the living room. A few months. That answers that question. My heart jumps as I imagine Jen's reaction when she finds out that Linda had seen me naked. More than that, she had-
"I should be home before they get here," Jen interrupts me train of thought. She kisses me on the cheek and heads for the door. "See you later."
After Jen's car is out of the driveway, I hook my thumbs into the waistband and give my shorts a quick tug down. My cock is swollen and whips back towards my stomach, resting over my belly button. A bead of precum slips out of the tip. I wipe it off as I take my cock in my hand. I think about that doctor's visit and imagine how things could have gone differently:
Maggie, my regular nurse practitioner, grabs the corners of my gown and pulls it up to my stomach. As she does, my cock stands straight up and her arm grazes against the tip of my cock. She apologizes. Now my cock is in full view. I'm about 8 inches long and thick. I look over at Linda, who is shaddowing Maggie as part of her training, and see her lips parting slightly in a silent "wow". She stares intently at my cock as Maggie takes it her hand. She gingerly feels the tip and the shaft, moving it from side to side as she examines it.
Then, there is a page over the intercom system and Maggie excuses herself from the room. I look over at Linda and she is staring down at me, gently biting her lower lip. She rests one hand on my stomach just above my pubic hair and on hand on my inner thigh.
"I guess I should continue the examination, don't you think?" My cock throbs in response. She giggles softly as she slides her hand up my thigh and ups my balls. She rubs them gently for a second before moving her hand up my shaft and wrapping her fingers tightly around it.
"My fingers can't even touch," she says as she looks back at me. With her hand around my cock, the tips of her thumb and middle finger can't come together. She presses her hand down to the base of my cock and move her other hand from stomach, wrapping it too around my shaft and resting it on top of her other hand.
"Wow," she saw wordlessly, the movement of her lips subtle and seductive. She stares intently at my cock, the tip of which is sticking out several inches beyond her two clenched hands. She begins to stroke both hands up and down my throbbing shaft, my head disappearing and reappearing from the grasp of her top hand.
"It's so big," she whispers as she lowers her towards my lap, wrapping her supple lips around the end of my shaft. Her tongue plays with the tip of my cock while her hands continue to pump up and down. Her head begins to bob in sync with the motion of her hands. My cock swells in her grip and my whole body contracts as cum begins to flow towards through my shaft.
Just as my cock is about to erupt, the door swings open. Linda lifts her head and releases her grip. As Maggie steps in, hot sticky cum flies out of the tip of my cock and land irregularly all over my stomach. With a shocked expression, Maggie watches my cock throb as another hot load spurts out of me, running down my shaft and resting at the base.
I open my eyes and I am back in my living room. I get up and move to the bathroom where a hot steaming shower soaks away whats left of my fantasy.
Later that afternoon, I set myself up on the deck and enjoy the weather. It's a beautiful early summer day, and the sun is beating down. It's the perfect opportunity for some tanning. I put a towel and a bottle of lotion down on the table, and begin to undress.
I look over towards my neighbor's house. There isn't a real clear line of site, but there is always the off chance they could see me. Their cars aren't in the driveway. After laying out a towel, I pull my shirt up over my head. After one final glance towards my neighbor's, I give my shorts a quick pull and they fall down to my ankles.
Early in the summer, my naked body is pale and there are no tan lines yet. Hopefully I can get a few hours in the sun and get a nice even tan to set the base for the summer. I lay down face down on the towel and close my eyes.
I must have dozed off, but I wake to sound of a car door slamming. There are voices coming from my driveway. My heart begins to race. I try to listen, but all I can hear is my heartbeat pound in my chest.
"Jen said she's running a little late, but we can let ourselves in if Mark isn't around," one voice calls from the driveway. It's Linda.
"What if it's locked?" Another responds. Must be her friend Nikki. I'd met her several times before, but didn't know her very well. She was a tall, skinny blonde who was notorious for her partying. She always seemed to have a mischievous look in her eye, and she was a self-professed flirt.
"Jen said there's a spare on the back deck," Linda answers back. My heart stops and my mind races. My first instinct is to wrap myself in my towel and run for the door. But a tingle in my gut makes me hesitate. The gate to yard swings shut and there are footsteps on the stairs to the deck. Last chance.
I close my eyes.
"Oh my God, look!" Nikki says with hushed excitement. I imagine the look on her face, the shock of seeing my naked body laying out on the deck. My cock begins to press against the towel. The girls whisper quickly back and forth, quiet enough that I can't make anything out until:
"Knock knock," Linda calls out as she raps a fist against the side of the house. I feign confusion, pretending to wake in a stupor. I look around and finally settle on the stairs.
"Oh shit," I call out and move my hands to cover my exposed ass. The girls start to laugh wildly. Nikki's phone makes a loud click as she snaps a photo.
"Don't mind us," she laughs.
"Didn't expect you guys to be here yet. Jen said she'd be home before you got here."
"Yeah, she texted and said she had to stay a few hours late, so..." Linda trails off into silence. Both of them are standing at the top of the stairs, appraising my naked back side.
"Ok, well let me go get dressed up and-"
"Actually," Nikki interrupts me. "I was thinking, maybe we could join. What do you think, Linda?" They look at each other, and Linda looks back at me. A smile creeps across her face and she winks at me.
"Sure, why not." Both girls move past me, Nikki sitting directly next to me, and Linda on the other side of her. I turn my head as they pass me and look up to see Nikki's firm plump ass underneath her jean skirt.
"I'll have to go nude, though," Nikki adds, turning towards me. "You don't mind do you?" I shake my head back and forth. She winks down at me as she begins to pull her shirt up over her head. Her red bra cradles her buxom breasts. Freckles dot her chest, beginning to taper as they move into her plummeting cleavage. She reaches behind her and unhooks her bra. Her breasts fall apart, separating her cleavage, but they still hang relatively firmly. Her light pink nipples are each accented by a shinning nipple piercing.
Behind her, Linda is already naked, her dark Milano skin already several shades darker than mine and Nikki's. Dark brown nipples protrude slightly from her perky breasts, and small tuft of pubic hair rest neatly above the tight fold of her pussy.
"You really need to shave that off," Nikki remarks, looking over at Linda as she begins to unbutton her skirt. Linda looks down at herself.
"I don't know. I think it's fine," Linda replies. Nikki slides her skirt down, revealing her perfectly hairless pussy. Like her nipples, her pussy is accented with a shiny labia piercing that just protrudes from her fold.
"What do you think, Matt?" Nikki asks, motioning towards herself and Linda. "Hairless, or hairy." They both look perfect, I think to myself. I imagine my face plunging into each of them as my gaze moves back and forth from one to the other. Linda lays down on her back and puts on sun glasses.
"I think Matt's partial to mine," she offers. Nikki sits down and leans back, putting her arms out behind her to support herself. Her breasts sit motionless atop her chest, the glimmer of the sun flickering from each nipple ring.
"What makes you think that?" Nikki asks. Linda turns her head towards us.
"Matt's got a little hair himself down there," Linda offers. Nikki looks towards me.
"Really?" she asks, a half surprised look on her face. "I took you for a clean shaved kind of guy." I shrug my shoulders.
"I don't know. I used to be. Just got a little bored with it, I guess." Nikki nods her head in understanding. She looks up towards the sun, closing her eyes and bathing in the rays.
"I've always found that most guys look bigger if they shave, though," she says.
"Don't think he has to worry about that," Linda answers with a chuckle. Nikki cocks her head towards me, her eye brows raised and her lips pursed. Her lips slowly curl up into a smile as she shifts her weight towards me. Her breast hang off to the side now.
"Your back is looking pretty burnt, Matt," she begins, reaching over and pressing a finger against my skin. "Looks like you've been on your stomach for a while." Linda props herself up on one elbow and lowers her sunglasses down the ridge of her nose.
"Oh, yeah," Linda adds, "Looks like it's time for you to turn." Both girls laugh slightly. I'm suddenly aware of my level of arousal. For some time, my cock had be pressing hard against the towel beneath me. Right now, it seemed to be going down some, but I could tell that I would still be visibly aroused when I rolled over. I lifted my hips to adjust myself and rested them back down.
"Come on, now. Don't be shy," Nikki says with a wink. After a deep breath, I close my eyes and begin to roll over, being careful to turn my ass towards them to delay the moment of revelation. I realize how much I'm enjoying this moment and think perhaps my experiences have begun to turn me into a bit of an exhibitionist.
After a moment of hesitation on my side, I flip myself onto my back. My cock is as I'd expected; not totally hard, but clearly at a heightened level of excitement. It rests heavily against my thigh, throbbing ever so slightly. I turn my head to face the girls. Linda is smiling, biting her lower lip like she had at the doctor's office. Nikki's eyebrows are raised, this time in shock.
"I guess you're right, Linda. Don't have to worry about size, huh?" She licks her lips lightly as she finishes and my cock bounces in response. She makes a noise of surprise, and her and Linda laugh softly. After a moment, Nikki offers:
"Hey, do you need some lotion so you don't get burnt?" Nikki motions towards the lotion on the table. I look over and begin to say "No," but before I can, she stands up and grabs the bottle, her breasts swaying slightly with each movement. She kneels down next to me and squirts some lotion into her hands.
As her hands run along my bare chest, my heart beats heavier and heavier. My cock throbs and begins to grow again. She moves quickly down my chest and stomach to my crotch, careful to avoid my penis as she slides her hands down my legs. The whole time, her eyes are fixated on my cock, bouncing and jumping with each touch of her hand. By the time she has finished my legs, I'm at a full level of arousal, my erect shaft pointing straight up, throbbing in the sun.
She squirts another glob of lotion into her hands and begins rubbing her palms together. "Well, one more spot," she says with a wink. Without a second though, she grips my shaft with both hands, slowly and methodically slide up and down while also rotating her hands. I glance over at Linda who is staring intently at my cock, one of her hands rubbing her clit softly. After a few moments, Nikki abruptly stops, readjusts herself, and lays back down next to me.
"Ok, my turn," She says, turning her towards me and smiling. My swollen cock bounces back and forth as I raise myself onto my knees. My shaft hangs erect over her stomach as lather my hands with lotion. I reach down and begin rubbing the lotion onto her stomach. I move alternating back and forth towards her pussy and tits, never getting to close to either. After a few moments of teasing, Nikki begins to squirm towards her feet, positioning myself directly over her perfect breasts.
"Do you need an invitation?" She asks. I fill my hands with more lotion and rest each palm squarely on her firm tits. I squeeze them lightly with my fingers as I push them together and release them, moving them together and apart in waves. She arches her back in unison with each motion. She grabs one of my hands and moves it towards her bare pussy, resting my fingers on her clit and moving them in a circle. She then grabs my cock and begins pumping.
I slide my index and middle finger into her. She is warm and wet and tight. I rub her clit with my thumb while I move my fingers in and out of her. She grips my cock tighter every so often in a moment of sudden pleasure. She moans softly. I look back and forth between her stroking my cock over her tits and Linda, who is still rubbing herself.
After some time, Nikki's pussy begins to tighten, and I feel her body contract as she builds towards orgasm. She props herself up onto her elbow and pulls my cock into her mouth. She puts wraps her other hand around my body, resting on my ass. She pulls me towards her face, pushing my cock deeper and deeper into her throat. She moves her head forward and back on my cock faster and faster, her muffled moaning increasing until she finally pulls me out of her mouth, gasping for breath and letting out a long cry of ecstasy.
I pull my fingers from inside her and rest both hands on my hips. My cock is still throbbing over Nikki's tits, but she has let go off me and is wiping her face with her hands and catching her breath. I wrap my hand around my cock, rubbing Nikki's wetness all over my shaft. After a few fast pumps, I shoot a huge load all over Nikki's huge tits, a stream of cum running down between them. As I'm recovering, Linda arches her back and let's out a soft cry as she finishes herself.
Nikki reaches up and runs her finger along my shaft, still hard and bouncing up and down. "I bet it would feel great inside me," she says as she wraps her fingers around me again. Suddenly, a door slams in the driveway.
"Shit," Linda whispers, rolling over and pushing herself to her feet. "Guess you'll have to wait to find out. Both girls grab their clothes and run towards the door. Before she disappears inside, I call out to Nikki in a hushed tone:
"Hey, make sure you rub that in." She looks down at my cum running down her chest and stomach and then disappears into the house. I lay back down on my towel, my cock slowly beginning to relax until it is resting on my stomach. A few minutes later, Jen comes out onto the deck.
"Matthew!" she shouts. "What are you doing?!" I look up at her casually and smile.
"Just tanning, babe." Jen moves quickly to the table and tosses my short onto my stomach, covering my cock.
"Well, Nikki and Linda are here!"
"Oh, I had no idea. They must have come through the front," I reply.
"Well, just get dress," Jen says. "Wouldn't want them to see you."
I laugh softly. "Yeah. Wouldn't want that."