I stretched, letting my old bones prepare for the day. The warm morning sun was shining through my windows. I sat up in bed. My eyes were drawn to a now familiar morning scene, not that I didn't appreciate it. Renee was kneeling on a plush pillow near my bed in a pose that we called 'ready to please.' Her knees were spread wide; her hands were palm down on the floor, crossed in front of her while supporting her so she could lean forward. She was staring ahead with her head held high and her mouth open. I raked my eyes over her frame, enjoying seeing the dusty blue, black-laced long-sleeve pajama romper she had chosen to wear for me. The romper had four buttons in the front, but she decided to undo the top two buttons to add to the allure.
I stood up from the bed and pet Renee's head as I passed by her on the way to the bathroom. This was our natural routine now. I moved in just under a month ago. On the day of my arrival, Renee surprised me by announcing that she had arranged with her employer to be able to work from home for the foreseeable future. Liam was happy with the arrangement seeing it as an opportunity for him to keep his long hours at his law office.
Since Renee was home, her job was limited to computer work, with video calls rarely scheduled, which left us a lot of time to play. As a result, we created a schedule for ourselves, starting with Renee's morning greetings.
I was an early riser. I woke up first and waited for Renee during my first few days in the house. Then, I decided that I didn't like waiting. At first, Renee was disgruntled to be told she had to match up with my schedule, but that led to a fun punishment session, so it was worth it, if only for that.
I finished my morning business and returned to the bedroom. Renee was still kneeling where I had left her. I walked in front of her and held her chin. I smiled down at her. She, too, smiled at me with her eyes. I bent down and kissed her sweetly. Then I pulled back and spat in her mouth.
"Good morning, my darling."
"Good morning, sir. What would you like me to prepare you for breakfast?"
"How about a nice hardy breakfast, scrambled eggs, sausage, and a bagel? I want to take you out today, honey, if you can arrange it in your schedule."
"Right away, sir. I would love to go out on a date." She stood up, and I gave her another kiss to send her away. I got dressed while she began preparing our breakfast. I followed to the kitchen when I was dressed. I found Renee in front of the stove, pouring the eggs into a frying pan. I sat at the kitchen table and grabbed the newspaper that Renee had brought me. In a few minutes, Renee set a plate of food before me. I put the paper down and watched Renee sit across from me.
We ate together in comfortable silence. When we were both done, Renee cleared the table and put the dishes in the dishwasher. After our breakfast, next on Renee's task list was to get dressed for the day. When she was done, she was to return to me wherever I was and assume the 'ready to please' pose until I released her to go to work or use her. Today, I followed her to her bedroom.
"Is there something I can do to serve you, Master?" She asked when she noticed me following her.
"I've decided to watch your morning routine. Continue as normal." She smiled, the little exhibitionist.
There was a chair for me in her room that I sat in to watch. Renee opened her closet door. She turned her mirror around. One side was an unsuspecting mirror; the other had the word 'SLUT' written across the top with a sharpie. The entire mirror was decorated with profanities and writings that she had made. She flipped a switch on the door to turn on the lights surrounding the mirror so her reflection was illuminated. Renee stepped back and took off her clothing. I watched her look at herself in the mirror, no doubt reading all she had written.
Above her shaved cunt the mirror had written 'to be used.' She had written 'insert cocks here' to the side of her but added an arrow to indicate her pussy, or ass if she was turned around. I was drawn to new writing near her head, 'People pleaser.' Renee most certainly was. Renee was quiet as she completed the first chore of the day. Spend ten minutes in front of her SLUT Mirror to remind herself who she was. I loved watching her twirl in front of the mirror, finding her confidence in her body.
She moved on to her next task when her ten minutes were up. She pulled out her deepthroat trainer from a box inside her closet. There were two screws in the wall where she hung the device. I pulled out my phone when she turned on the machine. I quickly used an application to create the criteria for her session. Next, Renee took out a suction cup dildo from the same box where she stored the trainer and pressed it onto the plate of the trainer so the phallus was pointing toward her.
"Use the plug as well." She was just about to start the training when I spoke up. Renee looked at me, surprised for a moment but got the item I ordered all the same. She made a show of putting lube on the tapered anal plug, then turning around so I could watch it go inside her ass. There was a long chord coming from the end of the plug. She plugged the adaptor end into the training device.
The trainer used a sensor to determine the quality of Renee's blow job. It sensed the depth and duration that Renee demonstrated. From the app, I had control to change the difficulty level -- the distance from the sensor that Renee had to reach to be in the 'target zone' -- and whether the type of training was for endurance or repetition.
The purpose of the plug was to reward her for meeting training requirements. When she was in the 'target zone,' the plug would vibrate and stimulate her; the longer she held it there, the more stimulation she would receive.
She struggled through the training. Renee even seemed relieved when she was done. The final piece to her morning duties was ten minutes of yoga. She liked to focus on flexibility. I loved watching her bend herself into all her positions. It was almost surprising how I found her morning yoga so sensual. When she finished her final stretch, Renee turned to me, sat on her knees, crossed her arms, leaned forward, and opened her mouth. I loved seeing her in this position.
I stood up and crossed the distance that separated us. She didn't move even though she knew I was approaching. I stood in front of her, looking down. She was so delectable. I could spend hours looking at her posing like this for me. I was in awe of her. She was a young, vibrant girl who was already so sure of herself. I knew the sky was the limit for her. Sometimes I even feared that I was holding her back. She chose her job based on being available to care for me. She could have gotten a higher-paying, more prestigious job to begin her career with. Instead, she chose me.
It made jealousy bubble up inside me. I was nothing like her when I was young. I was jealous of her confidence in herself, which I lacked. It made me eager to do all the things I promised her. I would sacrifice whatever it took to fulfill every fantasy of hers. I would never insult her sacrifice by pushing her away so she could fly. My task was to make her sacrifice worthwhile. To meet this goal, I planned today's date with great care.
Renee was a pain slut. I was also learning that she had a vein of a humiliation kink sitting inside of her. I was starting to explore this with her. Today she would experience pain and humiliation together.
"Clean my boots," I told her. Without hesitation, she leaned forward to kiss the top of each boot first, then lick them as if cleaning them. I closed my eyes, reveling in my control over her. Then, I started talking to her about what I had planned for us today as if nothing was happening.
"There is a unique event planned today at our social club. I have reserved a spot for us to attend. I intend to push your limits at this event. You will have a special seat for the festivities. We will participate in the day's activities or, more accurately, be one of the available shows. I will throw a ring gag on you so you get nice and sloppy. I'll shove your face into a device so you cannot move away from a camera that will capture every moment of your suffering and project it for everyone to see. The guests will be allowed to watch as I batter your ass." She paused for a moment.
Renee did her best not to let me see her hesitation. I knew how much her mind was now swirling with anticipation. She had experienced pain play with me before. After so much practice, I doubted my promises frightened her. I was concerned she would balk at other components of the event. I would tell her about those later before we left. Finally, I told her she had done enough. She picked herself up to sit on her knees again.
"Take a half day of work. I want to leave at twelve."
"Yes sir, certainly." I bent down and kissed her. Then I left her before I got the inclination to play with her anymore. She deserved to get some work done today. At eleven, I was surprised to see Renee entering the living room looking for me.
"I have finished my work for today, sir. Is there anything that I can do to prepare myself for our outing?" I put my phone aside and called her to sit on my lap. She delicately placed herself beside me on the couch and swung her legs over mine. It was a much more comfortable way for us to snuggle up together. Renee had a bony ass. I kissed softly below her ear, where her jaw and neck met. She smiled at me, appreciating the show of affection.
"I have a choice for you to make," I told her, rubbing my hand on her hip. She tilted her head, looking curious.
"You see, I know this is not something we have done yet, but this event is categorized as 'open intimacy.' There will be play partners openly having relations at the event. I want your first cunt fuck of today to be at the event in the open play space. I do want to have a conversation about this before we go. I want to know your thoughts."
She took a moment to consider what I was asking of her. I believed this was only a matter of bravery for Renee. I genuinely thought she would enjoy participating in this open experience. However, we as a society are naturally trained to be meek in our sexual pursuits. Being so outgoing in your private engagements was a rare practice.
"I think that would be very exciting, Master. May I ask a question?"
"Certainly," I chuckled at her pleased expression.
"You said my first cunt fuck...." She bit her lip and gave me a seductive look. I had a feeling that she would not let that go unnoticed. I wrapped her up in my arms and kissed her again.
"Like I can ever keep my hands off of you." I teased her. "Of course, I plan to enjoy our date night to the fullest. I'm sure I won't be able to hold myself back once I see your ass red and purple for me." I slid my hand down, grabbing a handful of her meaty ass. She moaned into my mouth as I kissed her deeper. I pulled away, not wanting to ruin what I wanted to do by getting too excited.
"I pulled out the outfit you will be wearing. It is on your bed. Go get dressed so we can leave." She kissed me quickly and then jumped off me to do as she was told. A little later, she returned in the black open-bust vinyl dress I had purchased. I matched it with a pair of knee-high stiletto boots that laced up. If I didn't know her, she would be mistaken for a confident dominatrix in the outfit. It was just what I wanted.
I took her hand and complimented her look. She gave me a quick twirl to show off her body. I hugged all her curves perfectly. I stepped behind her, running my hands up the back of her thighs and under her dress. She opened her legs, knowing what I was checking.
"No panties, little slut?"
"Certainly not, sir; it would impede your access to my holes."
"We can't have that, can we?"
"Never, sir. It would be very disrespectful of me." I kissed the back of her neck as a reward. Then, I shuffled us into the car and on the way to the club. When we arrived, Renee confidently stepped out of the car, knowing that she would not be visible by the street traffic. The private club we were members of took great care to protect their members. I took her hand to walk in together. We were greeted in the vestibule by one of the employees.
"Welcome, sir, madam. Do you have a ticket for today's event?" I pulled the ticket from my back pocket. He quickly looked it over and said he would be escorting us in. We followed him behind the wooden doors into the main space.
As an old factory, the space had many benefits to the club's offerings. The main club space was the first room you always entered after the vestibule. This sometimes served as a nightclub, strip club, or open play space for tonight. As the owners had purchased the entire building, additional areas were available. On the floor above, several private playrooms could be rented. Below the main floor was a restaurant and aftercare room for couples to take a break from the night or wind down. As I understood, other private rooms were available for staff and the owners to use at their discretion that was not available to the general membership.
Renee immediately reacted to the change in dynamic as we entered the space. She kept a respectable distance a step behind me, and she tilted her head down. Enough so that she would appear submissive without impairing her ability to see where she was going; I could sense her excitement with what she saw around her. Several people were clad in full bondage suits from head to toe, lined up against the wall, and stage kneeling. Other members had arrived and been shown to their seats. A few side tables and chairs had been taken out for the guests to watch the shows comfortably.
"Is there any to your liking, sir?" The young man who had escorted us in inquired. A few of the kneeling individuals already had signs pinned to them indicating that they had been selected by a guest present this evening. I told the gentlemen I would wait to see what else arrived before deciding. He nodded his head politely, leaving me to sit at our table. Renee knelt prettily at my left.
"Do you know what those are, Renee?" I asked her, pointing to the row of people in bondage suits.
"No, sir." She looked up at me, eager to learn what knowledge I had to share.
"Those are gimps, my dear; some call them rubber dolls. A gimp is a living fuck toy. They look to be objectified, their identities stripped from them. They are not 'who's.' They are 'things.' That is why they are covered in their suits." I leaned over to open a drawer on the small table near my seat. I had requested certain items to be available for me tonight. Renee watched me pull out a pair of leather cuffs.
"Come here, straddle your master." I encouraged her. She quickly looked around and gathered her courage to do as I said. I reached around her to cuff her arms behind her back. Some guests might have noticed our early start to the night, but it made no difference to me. I put my hand on the back of Renee's head and kissed her to calm her nerves. When I pulled away, she happily leaned over to rest her head on my shoulder. I gently let my hands rub her back as I spoke to her.
"I know you have never had any partner besides me, Renee. I understand that the prospect of being used by someone else is not an idea you are keen on now. I respect that you are not ready for another play partner yet. However, I would like you to experience intimate acts in all forms. Therefore, I have arranged for us to select a gimp tonight, something of an equal existence to you." She lifted her head, about to say something, but I stopped her. "No, I will not force you. No, you will not be punished if you do not follow through. Yes, I will be selecting a gimp for you regardless. Yes, if it does not work tonight, we may try again in the future." She closed her mouth, satisfied with what I had to say.
"Using a gimp will be no different than when I order you to play with your cock catcher using a toy," I reassured her.
"Master, may I ask what the order of the night will be?" Renee went back to snuggling with me in the chair.
"Well, I plan to cunt fuck you right now to warm you up. We are third on the performance list. I want to watch the other shows tonight. Then I will take you and the gimp we choose up to the private suite I reserved." I kissed her temple. She was nervous; it was clear to me. What made me proud of her was the faith she was showing me. Renee felt confident I would respect her choices so she could hand herself over to me without fear. I treasured her ultimate submission dearly. I would never do anything to jeopardize it.
I reached up and took hold of the front zipper of her dress. She looked down at my hand. I paused before pulling it down. Recognizing what I was waiting for, Renee looked to meet my eyes and used our code 'green,' meaning that she was all right with what I was doing. I started to pull down the zipper just enough, so her voluptuous breasts fell out of her dress.
"So beautiful." I praised her. Since she was so brave for me, I wanted to encourage her. She was beautiful too. Her youth kept her breasts pert. There were no blemishes anywhere on her porcelain skin. Soon it would be sunny enough for her to start tanning outside. Our Italian heritage caused her skin to tan so beautifully. I could imagine how hot she would look lying on a sunning chair on our back porch.
I kissed and suckled on her breasts. Renee arched her back, allowing me to do as I pleased with her body. It wasn't until I slipped my fingers between her slit that she reflexively pulled her shoulders forward, causing her to slouch. I chuckled, enjoying her reactions.
"So wet for your master. Are you enjoying servicing me?"
"Very much, sir." She whispered in my ear, embarrassed for others to hear her. I reached down to my zipper, pulling it down to fish out my cock. Renee bit her lip and looked around nervously. I let her do so. There were a few people that had noticed our interactions. I wanted her to be aware of those eyes on her and learn to enjoy it. She looked back at me for guidance. I held her close to me.
"Just enjoy it, love. You are mine; nothing will change that." I whispered in her ear to give her courage. The moan she elicited made me happy when I gently kissed her neck.
"Please, Master, can you remove these binds so I can hug you." She carefully asked. I released her from the cuffs knowing she wouldn't have asked if she wasn't losing her nerve. Instead, she threw her arms around my shoulders, holding me close. I rocked our bodies together, letting my cock rub against her slit.
"Lean back, darling." I encouraged her. I wanted to watch my cock sink into her. It took another minute or so of coaxing, but she finally followed my direction, leaning back so that I could see us about to connect. I grabbed hold of my cock and brought it to her entrance. Renee threw her head back with a moan as I entered her. The pleasure of being one with me outweighed her embarrassment.
Something caught my eye just as I was giving Renee time to adjust. I raised my hand, signaling that I wanted the attendant from earlier to return. Unfortunately, Renee was so wrapped up in me that she didn't notice until he was at our seat.
"Yes, sir, how may I help you." Renee gave out a quiet squeal and leaned into me to hide. I let her do what she wanted.
"Yes, that one right there. Third one in from the right. I want to choose that one for tonight." It was a thin gimp that looked like a wisp of a thing. It was just what I was looking for. Under no circumstance would Renee find that attractive. She preferred the burlier men with muscle tone. He would be perfect for her first interaction with a gimp. The young man nodded and went to do his duty, reserving it for me.
"Why don't you turn around and see what I chose for you, Renee?" I coaxed Renee out of her hiding spot. She sat up a little and turned to see where I was pointing.
"Do you think it will be able to satisfy me?" Renee asked. I could hear her distaste for what she was looking at in her tone.
"Of course not; gimps rarely satisfy someone completely. They are a warm-up to the main event." I thrusted my hips up to emphasize the 'main event' I was discussing.
"Besides, as I said, they are no different from using a sex toy. After all of your training, are you ever satisfied with a toy?"
"Not unless you are controlling it, sir." She kissed my cheek.
"Good answer." I teased her. There wasn't much more to talk about after that. I wanted to sensually connect our bodies and play more with her tits. The interaction wasn't as much about receiving sexual gratification as feeling connected. Once satisfied that we had accomplished that goal, I zipped her dress back up and told her to return to kneeling. Renee looked disappointed by my dismissal.
The first couple took the stage. Two gentlemen, the younger of the two, seemed uncomfortable on the stage. The older of the two was encouraging, but watching them gave me a slightly uneasy feeling. Not because they were two men I was watching but because I sensed that the younger man was about to use his safe word. Play should push your partner, but not to the point of discomfort that I felt I was seeing.
Renee seemed to have the same feeling as I did. She made a point to put her hand on my knee and look up at me. Her face seemed to say, 'Couldn't you help him?' I bent down and kissed the top of her head. It wasn't my place to step in. Safety staff was present, and the submissive themself didn't say a safe word.
I was glad when the show was over. I hadn't gotten the satisfaction I was looking for tonight. Next to take the stage was a trio. These people were very eager to take the stage. All three of them seemed to be quiet the exhibitionists. I wasn't sure what excited me more. Watching as the man of the group was satisfied by the two women he had brought with me or that Renee and I were getting closer to our turn on stage with each passing moment.
I could see the three winding down. I reached into the drawer again. Renee was focused on the show. She jumped in surprise when the ring gag I was looking to put on her couched her cheek. She gave me an apologetic look. Since she had opened her mouth, not refusing me, I let it go. The three left the stag holding their hands. I stood up but said nothing to Renee. She waited for instructions from me.
Before we could go on stage, the workers warned the guests that the night's final show would have intense spanking, and those uncomfortable were welcome to retreat to the cafe. So after a brief intermission, Renee and I took the stage. During the break in festivities, a sort of bed was brought to the stage. It was similar to a massage table but lower to the ground.
I helped Renee down onto her stomach. Her face went into the unique pillow that allowed a camera placed below it to capture her face. A screen was brought down from the ceiling, and her face was projected. She looked calm. I angled her body on her knees using a triangular pillow. I used straps on the table to restrain her arms and legs on the table. Lastly, I pushed her dress up, revealing her ass. I watched her reaction on the screen. She closed her eyes and took deep breaths. Then she accepted her predicament, just like I had trained her.
My next move came as a shock to Renee. I pressed a Hitachi wand to her soaked clit. She started moaning. The ring gag now wet her lips as the drool began leaking from her. I let her enjoy the Hitachi for a few minutes before I slapped her for the first time with the leather paddle.
I warmed her cheeks up with the paddle giving each cheek equal attention. Her cheeks started to brighten under the kisses of the leather. She began to wiggle her ass enjoying the pain and pleasure. I took the Hitachi away and slapped her pussy.
"Remain still, slut!" I warned her. She stopped moving. I put the Hitachi back and went back to reddening her cheeks. When she couldn't take any more from the paddle, I swatted her with my hand. This time without the Hitachi. Now her moans became more of sobs. She had an endless string of drool hanging from her mouth. I knew when Renee was at her end and stopped--well, stopped spanking her. I wasn't finished with her yet.
I stepped behind her, my cock hard as a steel rod. I stared at the screen, not wanting to miss her reaction, when my tip touched her battered ass. I wiped my precum along her cheeks, causing them to shine under the stage lights.
Renee moaned as I entered her slowly. At first, she enjoyed being fucked. Then as her battered cheeks felt the sting from being pressed again, she made the pleasured and pained moans I loved. Renee knew the expectations of this play. Once I started fucking her, I wouldn't stop until I spent my load. Only a safe word or signal would stop me. I came in her ass to the symphony of her desperate moans.
I pulled out of her and shoved a dildo in her ass. Never was my cum slut allowed to waste her gifts, regardless of the circumstance. I untied Renee; she sat up, sitting on her heels. I saw her wince in pain when they connected. I took off her ring gag and kissed her. Then, after giving her a moment to recuperate, I picked her up.
"Very well done, my darling. Let's go up to our room now." Renee was in no condition to be in a public space now. The employee from earlier came to escort us. Renee was limp in my arms as I carried her like a princess to our suite. As we rode up the elevator, I couldn't help but think, "I'm not sure how much longer I will be able to carry her like this." She wasn't any heavier, but my muscles were growing weaker.