"Oh, Martin!" Mikayla moaned as she laid on her bed, her towel on the ground, her fingers rubbing her inner labia.
She was furiously masturbating as she watched the video of Martin's large appendage. She didn't usually masturbate, but she couldn't help herself; his big dick brought out lustful feelings in her. Her feelings for Martin only grew as she imagined herself being with him sexually.
Her passionate moans rang through the house as she began to finger herself. Two fingers carefully dipped into her pussy as she imagined it was Martin. She wanted to go over there right now and let him have his way with her, but she knew it was wrong. She was raised right and knew that she was still married. But now she regrets giving her husband 1 last chance. If she had just asked for a divorce, she'd be over with Martin at this point, but it was too late. Now, she had to wait.
"Yes, Martin!" She groaned as her orgasm came over her. She gently shook as she pulled her fingers out.
'One week.' She thought as she stood up and looked over at Martin's house. 'In one week.'
------
Mikayla woke up with a smile on her face on this bright Tuesday morning. She checked her phone and saw that Martin had deleted the video. She was disappointed, but she rolled out of bed and got ready. She knew today would be a big day, so she spent a little extra time on her makeup. She put on a dark blue bra and matching panties. It was a little more conservative than she usually wore in front of Martin, but she knew it wouldn't stay on her for long. She joyfully skipped down the stairs and headed right for curtains, her show for Martin about to begin.
Martin nervously sat on his porch this morning. He had made a drunken mistake sending that video to Mikayla. He had seen her naked several times, but she had never shown any interest in seeing him naked. And that video was very explicit; he just hoped he deleted it before she watched it, although he doubted it. He was convinced she'd end her shows with him and be repulsed by him.
So there he sulked on his porch, believing he had ruined the best part of his day. But to his astonishment, Mikayla's curtains opened, and there she stood in all her beauty. She waved at him, his shocked face looking adorable as usual. She then stretched her arms above her head, showing off her slim, tender body. She then turned and bent over, presenting her juicy ass to Martin. After she stood back up, she waved him over.
Martin ran over, his excitement overwhelming as he figured she hadn't seen the video. Making his way inside and straight to the kitchen, he saw her by the sink.
"Oh darn!" She said as he walked in.
"Mikayla, what's wrong?" He asked.
"Oh, I pulled out my paint set for today, but I accidentally got some on myself." She answered, turning around and showing Martin the swipe of white paint on her bra and chest. "Hopefully, it'll come out." She said, grabbing a rag.
Mikayla furiously wipes the bra, shaking her chest side to side. Martin sat down and looked on, mesmerized as her bra strained to contain her chest. The wipes did little but smear the pain around.
"Ugh, this isn't working." Mikayla groaned. "You want to give it a try." She said, offering Martin the rag.
Martin sprang to his feet, quickly reaching for the rag. "Ya, I could give it a go." He said.
Martin grabbed the rag and covered his hand with it. He then grabbed Mikayla's chest, moving his hand up to where the swipe of paint was but ultimately doing more groping than cleaning. Mikayla bit her index finger as Martin's old hands dug into her supple breast. He sure knew how to handle a breast as she felt her nipples poking through the material.
"Mmmm..." She moaned. "I don't think this is helping either." She told him.
"Give me another 10 minutes. I'm sure I'll get it out." He replied.
"No, I better put this in the wash." She responded, reaching behind herself and unclasping her bra.
"You're probably right." Martin said, pulling the bra off of Mikayla, her wonderful chest coming into view.
"Can you get that last bit of paint off me?" She asked him.
"Of course." He replied, reaching up with the rag and cleaning her chest.
He gently rubbed the area, cleaning her chest while also jiggling her breasts ever so softly. But Martin wasn't looking at her chest. Instead, the two shared a long, intense gaze. Mikayla felt her heart race as she looked into the elderly man's eyes. Their lips were mere inches from each other. She could lean forward and kiss him again. But she knew she couldn't yet.
"I think we got it." Martin said, stepping away.
"Ummm...yes." Mikayla replied, thrown off by the moment they shared. "I'll get our coffees ready."
Mikayla took a moment to breathe and calm down as the coffees were being made. She brought the coffees over, placing one down in front of Martin, who smiled and thanked her.
"I better put that bra in the wash now." She stated. "And you know, I might as well throw the panties in with it." She said, pulling her panties down and revealing her pussy.
Martin smiled as Mikayla turned around and bent over at the waist to pick up her bra. Martin noticed her wet pussy lips came into view between her heavenly butt cheeks. She stayed down for a moment before slowly standing back up and walking towards the laundry room.
She threw her bra and panties in the room, then quickly came back to the kitchen. Martin watched as his goddess of a neighbor waltzed back in. His heartbeat quickened whenever she was around. She sat down next to him, and they began to talk and sip their coffees, as usual.
"So, we're still on for you to paint my backyard?" Martin asked.
"Yes, of course." Mikayla answered. "I'm really looking forward to it. I haven't painted in years."
"I'm glad to help." He replied. "I know you'll do a great job."
"How do you know? I haven't painted in a while." She asked.
"Well, I know you, and you're talented, hard-working, and smart." He answered. "I just know you'll do your best."
Mikayla blushed. She was used to Martin complimenting her body, but hearing him talk about her character was new and exciting.
"Well, thank you." She said, feeling like a teenager with a crush.
"I should be thanking you." He replied. "You're the one painting for me."
"I was more talking about your kind words." She responded.
"I was just speaking the truth." He told her.
"Well, I always appreciate the compliments." She said, reaching forward, touching his leg, and looking him in the eyes.
"It's nothing. I'm just glad you're not mad." He replied.
"Why would I be mad?" She asked.
Martin thought she must not have seen the video yesterday and realized that saying that might have messed things up. He froze as he stared into Mikayla's green eyes.
"Because of the video you sent yesterday?" She asked.
Martin's eyes went wide. "You saw it?" He replied, a confused panic in his voice.
"Yes, I did." She responded. "And I'm a little mad you deleted the message."
"What? Why?" He asked.
Mikayla leaned in closer, her hand now rubbed his leg. "Cause I really enjoyed watching it." She whispered just loud enough for him to hear.
Martin was shocked. Once again, he was frozen as his neighbor just admitted to liking a video of him jerking off. Mikayla moved back and saw the shocked look on his face. She smiled as it was a look she was all too familiar with.
"You want me to show you how much I enjoyed it?" She asked. Martin just nodded his head, unsure what to say. "Come on, then." She said, standing up and grabbing Martin's hand.
Martin wasn't sure how he got here, but his naked neighbor was leading him to her bedroom. They interlocked fingers as they ran up the stairs. She opened the door, brought him to one of the armchairs, and pulled it closer to the bed. Mikayla crawled on the bed, showing off her ass to Martin before flipping around onto her back.
"After seeing the video, I got on the bed like this." She said, spreading her legs open. "And began to touch myself just like this." She told him, gently stroking her fingers between her lips.
Martin's mouth dropped open as he watched the sexy blonde touch herself. She was already wet, and now she was dragging her fingers between her lips. He noticed her chest rising and falling as she took deep breaths in and out. She closed her eyes as her fingers began to move faster.
"I imagined you being here with me." She moaned. "You touching me and touching my clit." She said as she gently rubbed her clit.
Martin was drooling as he so desperately wanted to stick his tongue in Mikayla. He wanted to taste her, make her moan from his licking. He had always prided himself on being good at it, so he knew Mikayla would enjoy it.
"I imagined your cock." She told him, her finger descended, and found her entrance. "And you sticking that big thing in me." She said, pushing her index and middle fingers inside herself.
Martin watched intently as Mikayla's fingers dove in. His cock had been at full mast for a while and was straining against his pants. Was what she was saying true? Did she really masturbate thinking of him?
"Oh, Martin!" She moaned, her fingers doing mini thrusts inside her. "Oh god, yes!" Mikayla was lost in her own imagination, forgetting everything else and imagining her elderly neighbor in bed with her.
Martin knew he could do a better job and that Mikayla was only touching the surface of the pleasure he could give her. He wanted to jump in and do everything with her. But he couldn't; she was married and probably just teasing him. Still, he watched and enjoyed the show.
"Oh, Martin! I'm cumming!" She yelled out, arching her back as her pussy glistened with juices.
She took a few moments to catch her breath before sitting up straight.
"Did you enjoy your show today?" She asked, smiling at a drooling Martin.
"Uh-huh." A dumbfounded Martin replied.
"Well, I loved that video you sent yesterday." She told him. "So, maybe send it again."
"I will right away." He responded, pulling his phone out of his pocket and sending it to her.
"Good." Mikayla said. "Now it's time to paint."
As Martin watched, Mikayla changed into a light blue tank top and matching knee-length skirt. Although he was a little disappointed to see her put clothes on, he thought she looked beautiful in just about everything. He then helped her bring her easel, canvas, and paints to his house.
They set her up in the backyard near his back door so she could see his entire backyard. Martin pulled up a chair and began to try to converse with Mikayla. Mikayla kindly asked him to let her focus. Martin agreed and went inside to let Mikayla work.
She started by making a sketch, going into great detail. She did an underpainting to give the painting more depth. She just started to do the actual painting when Martin came out with lunch, a nice summer salad with chickpeas.
"When are we going to work on your garden again?" Martin asked as they ate together.
"I don't know." She replied. "When I made that deal, I thought I'd be staying in this house for a while, but now I'm not so sure."
"Oh, ya." Martin replied. "It's always a nice distraction, though."
"That is true, but maybe we'll put our deal on hold for now." She responded.
"I held up my side of the deal." He argued.
"1 date isn't exactly what I meant." She replied.
"True, but it's more dates than I had in a decade." He responded. "And it's two if you include our practice date."
"I guess that's true." She answered. "But the spirit was finding someone you could share your life with."
"Sure, but I don't think you should give up on your garden just yet." He replied.
"I'm not giving up." She told him. "I'm just figuring my life out first."
Soon, Mikayla was back to painting. She put in an extra amount of effort to make the painting look perfect for Martin. It was her way of showing him affection without actually doing anything wrong. After a few hours of work, the art was complete. Martin brought out a bottle of wine and a couple of glasses to toast the painting.
"To a wonderful paint by a wonderful young artist." Martin said as he clinked glasses with Mikayla.
"Thank you, you really are too kind." Mikayla replied before taking her first sip.
"No, thank you, this will look perfect downstairs." He told her.
"Ya, but I feel it's missing something." She said.
"I don't think so, it's amazing as is." He responded.
"Hmmm..." Mikayla hummed, thinking for a moment. "I know, you should be in the painting."
"You want to paint me onto the painting?" He asked.
"Yes, I think that would look great." She answered.
"Okay, if you think so." He responded. "Where should I go?"
"Next to that bush, I think would look great." She said, pointing towards a rose bush. "And face me."
Martin walked over and turned back around. "Like this?" He asked.
"Yes, but... hmmm, something's not right." She told him.
"I'm not sure how to pose." He replied.
"No, it's not that." She responded. "I know, I think you should be naked."
"Naked?" Martin said stunned.
"Ya, you should be one with your garden and nature, and the clothes stop that from happening." She told him.
"Well, okay if you say so." Martin replied, beginning to unbutton his shirt.
Mikayla licked her lips as his bony figure came into view. Her odd attraction to the elderly man was never more evident to her. He began to undo his pants and take them off. She smiled as his giant cock came into view, confirming to her that the video he had sent was not edited. It had been her plan the whole time to get him naked, and as he stood there naked, she felt her hormones pumping once again.
"So, like this?" He asked, posing as if he were working on the bush.
"Yep, just like that." She answered, focusing on painting him.
She took her time, ensuring every brushstroke was right. She got into the fine detail with Martin, making sure everyone could tell it was him. She smiled when she was finished, it had turned out great.
"Here come take a look." She told him, Martin rushing back to it.
"Wow, it looks great!" He said, standing next to Mikayla as she showed her work to him. "Although my penis isn't that big."
"It's not small." Mikayla responded, her eyes looking directly at his cock.
It was Martin's turn to blush now. "I'm going to put my clothes back on." He told her.
"Why?" Mikayla asked. "It's not like we haven't seen each other naked before." She said, pulling her top up to reveal her chest.
Martin was a little nervous that someone might see, but he was too intrigued by the idea of being naked with Mikayla to say no. He watched her pull her top right off over her head, then pull her skirt down. Both were now standing completely naked in front of each other.
"Now, how about a little more wine." Mikayla said, holding her glass up.
They walked to the back of the garden, completely exposed to each other. They both stole glances at each other's bodies, both excited to be naked together. They sat on a couch together, Mikayla on one end and Martin on the other.
"You know, I can't really use that painting anymore." Martin told Mikayla.
"Why's that?" She asked.
"Well, I'm naked in the painting." He replied. "Can't really be showing that to everyone."
"I think you should. You look good in it." Mikayla responded.
"I don't know. Do people really want to see me naked?" He asked.
"Trust me, they will." She answered, looking downwards at Martin's hard cock. "Don't you want to show it off?"
"Sorry." He said, his hands covering his boner.
"You don't have to apologize." She replied. "I always figured I had that effect on you."
"So you're really not mad about the video?" He asked.
"No, I told you already I enjoyed it." She told him.
"I know, but I'm just surprised that you're not." He responded.
"Well, I was a little surprised you sent it." She replied.
"Ya, I don't know what I was thinking." He said. "I'm not super confident in my body."
"Why not? You're a very attractive man." She responded.
"Thank you, but I know you're just being kind." He replied.
"I mean it." Mikayla told him. "Why do you think I got you to be naked?"
"I don't know, maybe you just wanted to see my... you know." He answered.
"I mean, that was definitely a reason, but there were more." She replied.
"Really? You're not just saying that, are you." He asked.
"No, of course not." She answered. "When I masturbated thinking about you, I was thinking about all of you, not just your big little boy."
Mikayla saw a glowing smile in Martin as her words really sank in. She smiled back as the two of them sat there in the nude together.
------
It was Wednesday morning, and Mikayla skipped her way over to the window. She had slept well, a dream with Martin had kept her asleep longer than normal. She was excited as usual and had a plan for what to do today. She knew Martin would very much enjoy today's show.
Yesterday, they had spent quite a long time talking outside naked. Neither wanted to put their clothes back, so there they stayed, enjoying each other's company and bodies. At one point, Martin went to the bathroom and when he came back, he was no longer hard. Mikayla knew what he did and felt almost disappointed he didn't do it in front of her.
They eventually moved inside, where Martin cooked them dinner. He put an apron on, but other than that, the two remained nude. It felt weirdly right to Mikayla, being naked around Martin was so natural to her now.
Martin lit some candles and turned on his stereo to some smooth jazz as he served dinner. The wine and atmosphere had Mikayla feeling some sort of way. Her feelings towards Martin were bubbling up again, and she had to sober up quickly. She reminded herself it was wrong and stopped drinking wine as they ate. That was enough to control herself as they put their clothes back on after dinner and parted ways. Mikayla reserved her affection for a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
'Sunday, just make it to Sunday.' She reminded herself as she walked home last night.
She knew she was one day closer as she opened the window to a new day. She smiled at her elderly neighbor, waving at him in her little pink lingerie. The fabric was very sheer, almost see through, not that Martin hadn't already seen everything already.
She performed her typical show, stretching above her head before turning around and bending over at the waist. Even as she went further with Martin, she still enjoyed the little shows in the morning. Martin seemed to enjoy them, and Mikayla would see his genuine smile when she looked back at him. He'd then quickly make his way over to have coffee with Mikayla in the morning.
Today, when he entered the kitchen, Mikayla was by the coffee machine getting their coffee ready. They smiled at each other, they were just happy to be in each other's presence.
"Morning, Martin." Mikayla said.
"Good morning, Mikayla." He replied, sitting down in his typical chair.
"How'd you sleep last night?" She asked as she placed his coffee in front of him and sat down next to him.
"Pretty well, although morning always comes too soon." He answered.
"Tell me about." She replied. "Especially last night. I was having such a wonderful dream."
"Oh, how so?" Martin asked.
"You'll find out later." Mikayla answered with a coy smile. "But in the meantime, I was thinking, it's not really fair that all this time I've been naked in front of you while you're fully clothed."
"You want me to get naked?" He responded.
"It's only fair." She replied.
"I guess you're right." Martin stated, all too happy to strip down in front of Mikayla.
Mikayla smiled as the old man stood up and began to strip his clothes off quickly. He started with his button-up shirt, undoing them one by one. Mikayla stood up and began to help him, undoing the bottom few buttons. She then undid the button to his shorts as he took his shirt off. His white boxers barely contained his boner, which tried to spring to freedom. She pulled the shorts down, releasing them and letting them fall to the floor. She felt her hand graze his bulge, the heat radiating from it gave her goosebumps. She knew if she pulled his underwear down, she might not be able to stop herself. So, she stepped back and sat down.
"Pull them down for me." She requested.
"Take that off for me." He replied, pointing at her bra.
"Same time?" She offered, and Martin shook his head. "3...2...1..."
Martin pulled his underwear down as Mikayla unclasped her bra. Mikayla bit her lower lip as Martin's large boner came into view. Martin felt his already hard cock somehow getting harder as Mikayla's breasts came into view. He still adored them no matter how much he saw them, licking his lips at their sight. They admired each other's bodies for a moment before Martin sat down.
They soon talked as they usually did. Martin always had some gardening talk in him, and Mikayla would tell him some gossip in her friend group. They always seemed to have a nice time, and Mikayla's feelings grew the longer they were together, making the temptation even greater. But she couldn't stop seeing him; having coffee in the mornings with him was usually the best part of her day.
"How are things with Josh?" Martin asked.
"Tense." Mikayla huffed her response.
"I was guessing it would be." He replied.
"We're walking on eggshells around each other right now." She told him.
"You're avoiding what needs to be said." Martin replied. "I've been there, it's not an easy thing to do but it's necessary."
"I know, I'm ready to talk." She stated. "But I promised him a week to think, and my father didn't raise me to go back on my promises."
"That's noble of you." Martin told her.
"Ya, but it kind of sucks right now." She replied.
"I remember when I was in a similar position." He responded. "I had given my wife the ultimatum."
"How did she respond?" Mikayla asked.
"She became all lovey-dovey, but when I would ask her if she was going to quit her job, she'd become all quiet." He answered.
"That's what I think will happen." She replied. "He'll tell me what he thinks I want to hear, but I know those promises will go unfulfilled."
"It's not an envious position you're in." He responded. "But just know that the night is always darkest before the light of dawn."
"Thank you." She said with a small smile.
"Well, I should probably get out of your way and let you get to work." Martin told her, standing up.
"Well, hold on." Mikayla said, grabbing his arm. "You know, I've been thinking about yesterday and how I, you know, touched myself in front of you. And all I have is a short 10-second video of you..."
"What are you getting at, Mikayla?" He asked, curious where she was going.
"Well, it's only fair if you do that in front of me." She told him.
"You want me to..." Martin replied, doing a quick jerking hand motion during the pause. "... in front of you?"
"I mean, it's only fair, right?" Mikayla responded. "That way, we'd both seen each other masturbate."
"Ya, I guess that would make us even." Martin said, reaching for his cock.
"Not here." Mikayla replied, grabbing his hand now and standing up. "Come with me."
They held hands as Mikayla brought him to the living room. She sat down on the couch, patting the cushion next to her.
"Come sit." She told him.
"What about the open window?" He said, pointing to the large window with the curtains open.
"Forget about it, nobodies around." She told him. "Plus, how many times have I posed for you in front of an open window. I think it's only fair you do it once for me."
"Okay." He replied, taking a deep breath to calm himself.
He sat down next to Mikayla, who turned onto her side to watch him.
"Go ahead." She said, encouraging the old man.
"Do you have any lube?" He asked.
"Here." She answered, grabbing Martin's right hand and spitting into them as he looked on in awe. "Is that enough?"
"Yes." He replied, bringing his spit-covered hand to his cock.
He began a slow tug on his cock, his hand gently rocking up and down. It was exhilarating to Martin to feel Mikayla's spit on his cock. His cock shined from it, and the wetness let there be little friction as he started to speed up.
It was also exciting to Mikayla too, who imagined drooling all over his large appendage. She watched his hand pick up speed, her horniness becoming hard to ignore. She saw him staring directly at her tits and began to play with them. First by bouncing them in her hands, then rubbing them and pinching her nipples.
"Mmm, do you like my tits?" She asked.
"They are absolutely perfect." He replied.
"Have you ever jerked off to them before?" She responded.
"All the time." He answered, his hands now furiously jerking himself off.
"Ya, I bet." She replied. "I bet you went home and jerked off to them every day."
"I would." He responded, his hands squeezing his cock tightly now.
Mikayla turned her body to face Martin, laid back so that her back against the couch's armrest, and spread her legs wide. She watched her old neighbor jerking himself off, his eyes transfixed on her hot body.
"I bet when you jerked off, you thought about this as well." She said, pulling her panties to the side and showing him her tight pussy.
Martin shook his head yes, his mouth was open as he foamed at the mouth. He could feel his cum coming as the intensity of his motion continued to rise. He had hoped to make this last, but he couldn't help himself as his hand moved faster and faster.
"Slow down, big boy." Mikayla cooed. "I haven't told you about my dream yet."
Martin stopped his hand for a moment, closed his eyes, and took a deep breath. He relaxed a bit and, after a moment, opened his eyes and continued his hand motion at a slower pace.
"Good boy, mmmm." She moaned, her own hand now touching her pussy.
"You had a dream?" He asked, his head turning towards her.
"Ya, last night." Mikayla answered, her fingers doing laps between her pussy lips. "It started off as a normal morning. We were drinking our coffees, and I was teasing you with my body. I was bent over when you finally snapped."
"I snapped?" He wondered what she meant, his hand once again getting faster.
"Yes, you did." Mikayla said, her hand movements becoming faster as well. "You grabbed me and dragged me upstairs. Don't worry, I didn't fight it. I had been waiting for you to do that."
Martin's eyes went wide as he began to realize what Mikayla was telling him. Mikayla knew she had his attention, his hand was back to moving quickly, and she knew he wasn't going to last through the story.
"Once we got to the bedroom, you threw me on the bed. You ripped my panties right off my body, then went down and ate me out. Mmmm, it was so hot!" She told him, pressing her fingers into her clit, causing her to moan. "Your tongue was incredible, almost magic-like, as you made cum over and over again. Then you crawled over me and stuck your hard dick in my mouth."
"I'm sorry." Martin apologized for his dream self. He was mesmerized by Mikayla's story and that she masturbating with him now.
"Don't be, I enjoyed it." She replied. "My lips could barely fit around your cock. But once they were, you banged my throat with no consideration for me. The thing is, I loved it. It made my pussy even wetter."
"Is that it?" Martin asked, needing to know the end as his cock neared an explosion.
"Nope." She answered. "Once your cock was coated in my spit, kind of like now, you got off me and lined your cock up with my pussy."
"Then what?" Martin replied, holding his orgasm off to hear the end of her dream.
"Then, you pushed in and split my pussy open." Mikayla said, her fingers diving into her pussy. She began to furiously finger herself, her own story having turned herself on. "Oh, you fucked me like a maniac! And I came over and over again!"
"Mikayla, I'm going to cum!" Martin shouted out.
"So am I, Martin!" She replied, arching her back. "Let's cum together!"
They both groan as they came simultaneously. Martin felt his hot load come out of his cock as he sprayed it all over his stomach. Mikayla felt her pussy tighten as she came with him. They both slowed their masturbation down as they rode out their orgasms.
Mikayla looked up at her elderly neighbor covered in his own cum. She smiled as he looked ridiculous but also extremely happy.
------
Mikayla was looking herself over in the mirror this Thursday morning. The purple lingerie she had on made her feel sexy, and she knew Martin would agree. She really enjoyed their morning coffees, even beyond the teasing and masturbation, she enjoyed spending time with Martin.
She went downstairs and made her way over to the window, opening the curtains to a rainy day. She waved and did her stretches. Even on a rainy day, she did them; they were part of the routine. She turned and walked away as Martin made his way over through the rain.
Mikayla's back was turned as he entered the kitchen. He saw her round butt in the purple thong and felt his erection growing again. He hoped they'd have a similar finish to yesterday.
Mikayla turned around and saw Martin a tad wet from the rain. "Martin, your clothes are soaked from the rain." She told him.
"What? They're not that bad." He replied, looking down at his clothes.
"No, they're soaked." She responded. "Give them to me, and I'll throw them in the dryer."
Martin suddenly comprehended what Mikayla was after and quickly disposed of his shirt and pants.
"Underwear looks wet, too." Mikayla noted.
"Guess they should go to." Martin replied, tugging his underwear down, his semi-hard cock popping out.
"Hehe." Mikayla giggled. "Seems like someone happy to see me."
"Hehe, ya, he tends to be when I'm around you." Martin noted.
"Well, how about we get him all the way up." She said, reaching behind herself and unclasping her bra.
Martin couldn't divert his attention even if he wanted to as Mikayla's silky large breasts came into view. He looked on with hungry eyes as he always would enjoy seeing Mikayla's naked tits.
"Isn't that better?" She coyly asked.
They both sat down in the nude and drank their coffees. They talked and checked each other's bodies out, Martin was no longer shy about looking at Mikayla.
"What are you gonna do with it raining out today?" Mikayla asked him at one point.
"Not sure." Martin answered.
"I always hate rainy days. They are so depressing." She commented.
"I don't know, I always saw it as the universe telling me to stop and let the grass grow." He replied.
"That's a nice way to look at it." She responded. "But I always found rainy days so boring."
"You just have to find something to do." He told her. "Something relaxing yet stimulating."
"I guess I've never been good at entering myself." She replied.
"Rainy days do go by quicker when you have a partner." He responded. "Hehe, Janine used to love to dance in the rain, she'd pull me out, and we'd dance together fully clothed."
"Sounds horrible." She jokingly answered.
"You'd think. But with the right person, the rain doesn't bother you." He replied.
Mikayla smiled, it was such a sweet sentiment. "How about a movie this afternoon? We have a big flat screen downstairs, and I could make popcorn." She offered.
"That sounds lovely." He replied.
"I've got some work to do, so I will text you after lunch to come over." She responded.
"Of course." Martin answered with a smile.
Their conversation continued as they sipped on their coffee. They found themselves comparing their childhoods and the vast differences between them. Still, some things were similar, Martin admitted to being a momma's boy similar to Mikayla. He wasn't embarrassed to admit that either. He was confident enough in who he was.
It was strange, but the longer they talked, the more Mikayla would forget they were naked. It had quickly become natural to them to just be naked together.
"I know one thing I like to do on a rainy day." Mikayla said, looking out the window.
"What's that?" Martin asked.
"A little bit of self-love." She replied, turning back to look at the old man with a naughty smile.
"Do you mind if an old man watches?" He responded.
"I do mind." She answered, Martin was a little surprised by that answer. "Because that old man should be joining in." She told him and saw the return of Martin's warm smile.
She stood up, took his hand, and walked them upstairs to her bedroom. She crawled onto her bed with Martin right behind her, he no doubt was checking out her ass. She then flipped over and looked back at Martin.
"Come lie down next to me." She said, patting the bed next to her.
Martin nervously got on the bed with Mikayla. He laid down on her left, getting as close to her without touching her as he could. His right hand immediately went to his cock and started jerking.
"Someone's eager." Mikayla commented. "But so am I." She whispered in his ear as she spread her legs open, her left knee brushing against Martin.
Mikayla brought both hands down to her crotch, her left hand traced between her pussy lips while her right hand rubbed her clit. Martin watched intently, his right hand becoming faster as he watched Mikayla stick 2 fingers inside herself.
"Mmmm... oh Martin, your cock is so big!" Mikayla moaned, closing her eyes as they masturbated together. "I want more! I need more!"
"Oh god, you're so beautiful, Mikayla!" Martin groaned, watching the young woman finger herself.
"What part of me do you like best, my face, my pussy or..." Mikayla began to ask. "... my breasts!!!" She squealed as Martin lost control, leaned over, and took her left nipple into his mouth.
Mikayla's eyes shot open as Martin's left hand reached over and groped her other breasts. His tongue gently licked her nipple, making the small nub hard. She felt him pinch her other nipple, and her fingers now frantically worked her pussy.
"Oh god, Martin! What are you doing to me?" She moaned as the old man's touching of her breasts brought her closer to finishing.
She knew this was pushing the line of what was appropriate for them to do together. But feeling his gentle tongue on her was making her so goddamn horny that she couldn't stop. She rubbed her clit harder as she felt her orgasm quickly growing.
Her orgasm was like an electric shock through her body, starting in her pussy and coming up through her spine. Her whole body suddenly felt a warm tingle as she laid back and relaxed. She could still feel Martin's tongue on her tit as she rode out her orgasm.
Martin eventually pulled himself away from her tits, having thoroughly enjoyed sucking and groping her mammoth tits. Mikayla looked over at the old man, who had a giant smile on his face. She had cummed so easily from just him touching her breasts, she had to wonder how easy it would be if they went further. She then looked down, Martin was still jerking himself off.
"You haven't cummed?" She asked, not seeing any cum around.
"It's okay, I got enough pleasure as is." He told her.
"No, it is not!" Mikayla replied, quickly springing to her knees. "We need to get you off!" She said, leaning over and stuffing her breasts in his face.
She watched as Martin's face disappeared between her tits. His left hand once again found its way to her chest. He opened his mouth and released his tongue, which he dragged all over her tits, covering them in his saliva. She bit her lower and looked down at Martin's cock. He was intensely stroking himself, his massive beast of a cock stood at attention. She was still surprised by the sheer size of her elderly neighbor's cock. His red, circumcised head looked ready to blow as Martin was certainly close by now.
"Oh, Mikayla!" He groaned as the first ropes of his cum shot from his cock.
Mikayla watched as Martin orgasmed. He aimed his cock slightly back so the cum landed on his stomach. That was so Martin; even as he came, he was still being considerate. She watched a surprising amount of cum flow from his cock, especially for an old man. She wondered how it felt, what it tasted like, and most of all, what it could do for her.
"See, isn't that a nicer finish?" Mikayla said with a smile.
"Ya..." An out of breath Martin replied.
After the morning show, Martin went home as Mikayla had to get some work done. Her mind kept wandering back to the morning and Martin's tongue on her breasts. It was such a great feeling, almost cathartic, feeling Martin lick her nipple. Her mind wondered what it would feel like on other places.
She had to power through and get this project done. She had only good reviews so far and wanted to maintain that. And no matter how cute Martin was, she had to focus to keep it that way,
After lunch, the rain only seemed to get harder, which was okay as Martin showed up. Mikayla was only in sweats, but her body could somehow be seen through them. Her smile when answering the door seemed to warm him up every time.
"Here, I brought over some beer." He stated, holding a 6-pack of imported beer.
They decided to watch The Godfather, as Mikayla admits to never having seen the film. As the movie begins, they are seated on opposite ends of the couch, Mikayla keeping her distance, knowing snuggling might lead to further actions. After a few scenes, Mikayla cracked open her first beer, getting a good long sip of cold, refreshing beer.
She felt very tempted to snuggle up to Martin, she had always enjoyed the intimacy of snuggling up with a man. There was something so special about curling up with another person, so sensual and loving. It had been so long since she snuggled up with a man, another way in which Josh had left her out to dry.
"I'm going to grab a beer. Do you want another?" Martin asked.
"Yes, please." She replied.
Mikayla tried to focus on the movie, but her mind kept drifting back to snuggling with Martin. If it wasn't for her stupid idea of giving her husband a week, she'd be snuggling with him right now.
'Actually, we'd probably be doing something far worse.' She thought with a sly smile as she finished her last sip.
"Going to grab another one, you want one?" She asked.
"Yes, thank you." Martin answered with a little smile.
The movie was just background noise at this point as Mikayla sipped her last beer. Why couldn't she snuggle with Martin, they'd done much worse things together. But it wasn't about snuggling; it was about the things snuggling led to, and while she dreamed of doing them with Martin, it wasn't right.
Still, as she finished her third beer, she felt her willpower slowly draining. She stopped thinking of the reasons not to and started thinking about her need for intimacy. Martin was just a few feet away, and she needed him.
'It's just cuddling.' She rationalized before standing up.
"You want another beer?" She asked.
"There's only one left, so you can have it." He told her.
"We could always share it." Mikayla offered.
"Umm... ya, we can do that." Martin replied.
Mikayla came back a moment later, beer in her hand. She sat down right next to Martin and cracked it open before. She took a quick sip and then handed the can to Martin, who also took a sip before putting it on the table next to the couch. Mikayla leaned over and put her head on his chest as he put the beer down. Martin turned back with a surprised look as Mikayla looked him in the eyes.
"Hi." She softly said.
"Hi..." He squeaked out a response. "You enjoying the movie?"
"Very much." She replied, turning her attention back to the screen.
After a moment, she felt Martin relax, his body loosened up, and he put his arm around Mikayla. He could smell her subtle fragrance, a gentle whiff of vanilla. He tried to focus on the movie, but feeling Mikayla's curvy body against his own drove him wild with desire.
It was having a similar effect on Mikayla, who at this point had lost the plot of the movie and was now focused on Martin's heartbeat. She felt so close to him at that moment, both physically and emotionally. She desperately wanted to grab him by the neck and press their lips together. But she wasn't drunk enough to do that, still having a somewhat rational brain. So there, they snuggled until the film's conclusion, neither was interested in it.
The movie eventually ended, but neither looked to move. Rather, both soaked in the final few minutes of their cuddle session.
"Did you like the movie?" Martin asked as the credit rolled.
"Ya, it was great." Mikayla lied. She looked up at him, her emerald green eyes looking deep into Martin's dark brown.
Their lips were mere inches apart; how easy it would be for one of them to make a move. Both would give in immediately to their neighbor's tender embrace. But neither made the move, Mikayla out of righteousness and Martin out of fear of rejection.
"I should probably go." Martin finally spoke.
"Ya, I'll see you tomorrow." Mikayla replied, disappointed that he hadn't at least tried.
------
Mikayla was putting on her white lingerie for the Friday morning show. She began touching herself, feeling the soft skin on her slender body. She wanted Martin to feel every inch of her, but she knew she had to wait. It was okay to let him see her body, and that would have to do for now.
Yesterday had toed the line of what they can do together. She had let Martin touch her breasts before but not with his mouth. There was something so intimate about letting someone suck on your nipple. She had lost control a bit when she stuffed her breasts in his face. She was worried that this sort of intimacy would only lead to more and ultimately lead her to do something very wrong. Not to mention, their cuddling session together only made her feel closer to Martin.
But this morning, she had a plan to keep her from going too far with him. There needed to be a physical barrier, something to keep them apart, and she knew just how to do it.
She quickly hustled downstairs and over to the window. At this point, it was muscle memory, the curtains flew open on a beautiful day. Martin sat across the road and smiled as he saw his attractive neighbor. She waved, did her stretches, then walked away. Martin happily walked over, a spring in his step.
He soon found himself sitting at his neighbor's kitchen table naked. They both commented on how hot it was outside and, therefore didn't need their clothes. There was a long moment where they checked out each other's bodies. Martin could never get tired of seeing Mikayla's fantastic body and the warm smile she'd give him. He looked into her eyes and felt his heart race. There was something truly special about her.
Mikayla felt the same way as they sat down. She looked at him with a desire she hadn't felt before. It was more than a desire, it was a necessity.
'2 more days.' She told herself as Martin happily told the news of his daughter's engagement.
"Any plans for today?" Martin asked.
"A friend is coming into town, and we're having brunch together." Mikayla answered.
"Oh, that'll be nice." He responded.
"And it's Friday, so golf and drinks, I assume." She replied.
"Yes, of course." He said. "Any plans tomorrow?"
"No, I'm free tomorrow." She answered.
"Well, I'm headed to the flea market if you want to join me." He offered.
"Oh, I'd love to." She replied. "I always enjoy going to a flea market."
"They are quite enjoyable." He responded.
"Anything in particular you're looking for."
"I'm looking for a painting for that barren spot in my basement." He told her.
"You don't like my painting?" Mikayla asked.
"No, I adore it." He responded. "But you know the whole me being naked makes it unusable in my house."
"I know." Mikayla replied. "I probably shouldn't have added that." She joked.
"Ya, not your smartest idea." He commented. "Why did you get me to go nude?"
"I wanted to make sure the video you sent me was real and not edited." She answered.
"I don't even think I know how to edit a video." He replied.
"Ya, but I needed to see it in real life to confirm." She told him.
They continued with their pleasant conversation for a bit longer. Mikayla put her plan into action as she looked over at the clock on the oven.
"Oh shit, is that the time." She said in a little panic.
"Oh ya, it's nearly ten." Martin replied, looking at his watch.
"Shoot, I'm going to be late for brunch." She moaned.
"Oh, I'll show myself out, then." He responded, getting up from the table.
"Hold on." She said, reaching out and grabbing his arm. "I don't want to rush you, and I'm about to shower, so why don't you come watch."
"Watch you in the shower?" Martin asked, surprised.
"Ya, it's not like you haven't seen me do worse." She joked.
"Ya, I'd love to." He responded.
Mikayla smiled and stood up. She took his hand and once again led him upstairs, this time bringing him to the ensuite bathroom. There was a spacious shower in there with glass walls containing it. Mikayla had dragged in a chair for Martin to sit on.
She opened the sliding door and bent over, sticking her cute butt in Martin's face to turn the water on. She felt two wrinkly hands on her butt as Martin was no longer shy about touching Mikayla's body. She didn't mind though, her body getting hot as he caressed her. However, things got dicey when he spread her cheeks, and she became worried about what he might try next.
"The water is perfect." She said, quickly stepping into the shower and out of Martin's grip.
She kept the water cooler than she'd normally have it. She didn't want any steam to block his view of her body. She got under the water, the cool water doing little to calm her horniness down. She did a 360, giving Martin a full view of her now wet body. She saw that he was already stroking himself as he watched her.
She leaned against the back wall and watched Martin stroke himself. She bit her lower lip and reached down towards her pussy.
"Mmmm!" She moaned as her fingers made initial contact with her lips. "Showers always make me so horny!"
She stared intently at the old man stroking himself as her own fingers gently stroked herself. She could feel her hormones rising as she touched herself, her pussy becoming wet and not just from the shower.
"Oh!" She moaned as she stuck 2 fingers inside herself.
She began to slowly finger herself, dragging her fingers in and out. She closed her eyes and tipped her chin upwards, imagining Martin in the shower with her. The cool water was refreshing but did nothing to cool down the rising heat in her privates.
'Vrrrooommm!' Mikayla heard the sliding door open. Opening her eyes, she saw Martin walking into the shower. She froze, half of her knowing this was a bad idea and the other half wanting to do it anyway.
"I thought you could use some help cleaning your back." Martin said.
"Ya..." Mikayla meekly replied.
Martin went right down and began sucking on her left nipple as his hands grabbed her chest. She pulled her fingers out of herself and placed them on Martin's grey hair, holding him close. Her horniness was winning out as Martin's mouth switched to the other nipple.
"That water is cold." Martin noted. "Mind if I heat it up!"
"Not at all." Mikayla replied.
Gone was the shy old man, who was too embarrassed to look at her. Now, he was pushing her further, and Mikayla had little strength to resist. She felt herself blush as the shower became quite steamy. Martin's mouth returned to her right nipple, but his right hand slid down her stomach.
She knew where his hand was heading but didn't stop him. As soon as his fingers brushed against her pussy, Mikayla felt a spark through her body. Any thought of stopping him evaporated as she felt Martin's fingers heading right for her hole.
"Can I do this for you?" He asked her, dipping the tip of his index and middle fingers in.
"Go ahead." She answered, knowing she'd have let him do anything to her at this point.
Martin pulled his face away from Mikayla's tits. He wanted to look her in her emerald green eyes as his fingers penetrated her. Mikayla's heart was beating through her chest as Martin stared for a long moment.
"Oooohhh shit!" She moaned as she felt Martin's bony fingers penetrate her.
Her eyes rolled back as the old man began to finger her. He thrust his fingers in and out of her, her pussy only getting hotter and wetter. He had a way of rolling his fingers inside her that allowed him to touch her G-spot.
After a moment, Martin went back down and began to lick her nipples again. His tongue flicked the rock-hard nub. She felt his hard cock against her inner thigh, which only made the fingering hotter. Mikayla was already so close to cumming, her body so turned on by Martin. Something felt different about this orgasm; it felt bigger.
Then Martin kissed her neck, and it was the key that opened the floodgates.
"Oh, Martin! I'm cumming!" She moaned.
Her pussy tightened up around his fingers as a warm glow radiated from her privates. Martin pulled his fingers out just as Mikayla began to squirt. She had never squirted before, and all Martin needed was his fingers. She grabbed onto Martin's shoulders for balance as her legs buckled from the most intense orgasm of her life.
"Holy shit..." She muttered as she came down.
Martin brought his right index and middle finger up to his mouth and sucked on them, tasting Mikayla's sweet juices on his fingers.
"Mmmm, delicious." He said with a smile.
It was Mikayla now who was awestruck by Martin. Her pussy quivered for more, and she saw his hard cock, the temptation was too much. But the words got stuck in her throat as Martin turned around and cleaned himself off under the shower.
"Well, I'll get out of here and let you clean up." He said before leaving the shower.
With Martin gone, Mikayla regained some composure. She understood what they just did was wrong, that she shouldn't have let him finger her. But more than that was the fact she would have let him do anything he wanted with her. Her horned-up brain would have been too weak to fight him off. Not that she would have wanted to fight him off.
She was distracted as she dried off and prepared for brunch. She was unsure how to go forward with Martin. She wanted to fuck him but wanted to do it the right way and wait. It was only a couple of days, she thought she could wait that long. But she wondered what to tell Martin as she drove to the restaurant.
"Earth to Mikayla." Her friend Ivy said.
"Huh, sorry." An embarrassed Mikayla said.
Ivy was a college friend of Mikayla's. They had several classes together their first year and got along well. They moved in together and became very good friends. Ivy was a manager at a high-end art gallery. She was better at recognizing talented artists rather than creating them herself.
Ivy was also one of the few women who could compare to Mikayla. She was much shorter, just barely 5 feet, but she had nice 32DD breasts and an athletic body. She, too, had striking green eyes but light brown hair.
"So, what's got you so distracted this morning?" Ivy asked.
"I've just had a revealing few weeks." She answered.
"What the hell does that mean?" Ivy responded.
"I just... I think Josh and I are going to get a divorce." Mikayla said.
"Oh, heavy." Ivy replied, surprised. "What happened?"
"He's doing that thing again where he works himself to exhaustion and basically ignores me."
"He's done this before, so what's change?"
"It's just happened for a lot longer this time. Instead of a week or 2, it's turned into a few months, and I'm tired of it."
"That must be difficult but is that the only reason."
"It's a pretty big deal to me. I'm bored out of my mind most days."
"Sure, but he's done this before, so why now?"
"I told you, it's gone on too long this time."
"Sure, but there's something else you're not telling me. Maybe someone else."
A look of surprise flashed across Mikayla's face, giving away her secret.
"Oh my god! There is someone else!" Ivy said.
"No... err... it's... ok, yes there is someone else." Mikayla admitted. "But I'm feeling super guilty about it."
"How long has this affair been going on?" Ivy asked.
"It's not an affair, we haven't slept together." Mikayla answered.
"Then, what are you feeling guilty about?"
"He kind of fingered me this morning."
"Is that it?"
"Yes, but that crosses the line."
"There's a lot of things worse you can do than a little bit of hand play."
"Sure, but that doesn't make it right."
"You said it yourself, you and Josh are pretty much over, so I wouldn't worry about a little bit of fingering with another guy."
"You really think so? You're not just telling me that to make me feel better?"
"Yes, honestly, many people have done much worse things."
"I guess you're right."
"So, who is this guy anyway?"
"You wouldn't believe me if I told you."
"What is he ugly or something?"
"No, I think he's really cute."
"Then why wouldn't I believe you?"
"Cause he's in his 70s."
"Haha." Ivy laughed, only to see Mikayla's face and realize she was serious. "Wait, actually?"
"Ya, he's in his 70s, and I really like him." Mikayla replied.
"Wha... how did this even start?" Ivy asked shocked.
"Well, he's my neighbor from across the street, and one morning, he saw me in my underwear by mistake." Mikayla told Ivy. "And I found it thrilling, so I kind of kept doing it. That led to us spending time together, and at some point, I started to grow feelings for him."
"Wow, I'm shocked." Ivy replied.
"I've been going a little further with him every day." Mikayla responded.
"How much?" Ivy asked.
"Well, I've straight up touched myself in front of him." Mikayla whispered her response.
"Oh my god, you dirty girl." Ivy replied.
"You can't tell anyone about this."
"Of course, your secret is safe with me. But aren't you a little worried he can't get it up?"
"Well, I've actually seen it, and it definitely gets up."
"Wow, have you touched it?"
"No, of course not. I've wanted to, but that crosses the line."
"Is it really worse than him fingering you? It's the same thing when you think about it."
"Well...I guess so." Mikayla said, drifting off into thoughts about her hands wrapping around Martin's enormous cock.
"Oh my god, you're thinking about it, aren't you?" Ivy replied, looking at Mikayla's curious looking eyes.
Mikayla began to blush. "Maybe..."
------
Mikayla woke up in a good mood Saturday morning. She knew she should feel guilty about yesterday, but her talk with Ivy quelled any guilt within her. It's not like she hadn't been masturbating in front of Martin all week. She had really thought about what Ivy had said, could she really go through with it?
She wore some lacy red lingerie today. She was feeling devilish, so it felt like it matched. She looked herself over in the mirror but couldn't get the thought of touching Martin out of her head.
Martin sat on his porch like usual, waiting to see if Mikayla would show up. It was the weekend, so there was a chance she wouldn't show. He would have been worried that he had pushed her a little too far yesterday, that fingering her was a bad idea. But every time he pushed her further, she seemed to come back wanting more.
He wondered how far he could push it with Mikayla. She had admitted to having a sex dream with him, but he wondered if that was just some teasing. He had always thought this was just a little teasing game to Mikayla, something fun to get her mind off her marriage. But she let him finger her without any resistance. Was there more to this, he had to ponder.
He brushed that thought aside. She was less than half his age and was beautiful beyond belief. She could have any man she wanted, so why would she ever want him. It was a depressing feeling but he felt it was right. He cared about Mikayla and wanted her to have the best life possible.
He was still a red-blooded male, so when he saw Mikayla open the window in her housecoat, he hurried over.
"Morning, Martin." She said, meeting him at the door.
"Morning, Mikayla." He replied, staring at her gorgeous eyes.
"Come on in, and let's have our coffees." Mikayla told him, inviting him in.
Martin strolled behind Mikayla as they walked to the kitchen. She undid her housecoat and let it slide off her body. Martin watched intently as the red thong she had on came into his view. It left little to the imagination, covering very little of her bubble butt. He watched in awe as she turned around to face him when they entered the kitchen.
"Mmph, why are you still in your clothes?" She asked, looking at the old man.
"Yes, I should get out of them right away." He replied, grabbing the hem of his shirt and pulling it upwards.
"I can help with your pants." Mikayla responded when Martin's shirt went over his head.
As soon as his shirt was off him, he looked down and saw Mikayla on her knees in front of him. Martin's eyes went wide as she unbuttoned his shorts and pulled the zipper. His cock was quickly hardening as he looked right down Mikayla's bra.
Mikayla pulled his shorts down, leaving him in just his boxers which struggled to contain his massive cock. Once his shorts were off him, she grabbed his boxers and tugged them down. His cock exploded out right in front of Mikayla, who looked at it with greedy eyes.
"Mikayla, what..." Martin said, searching for the words as Mikayla remained focused on his cock.
She looked up at him and smiled. She was going to do it, she was going to touch his cock. She reached for it first with her left hand, grabbing the beast at its base. It was hot and hard, giving her chills as her dainty hand grasped it. Her hand could barely fit around it as she felt her heart beating through her chest.
She spat on her right hand and then brought it up to his cock head. She gently caressed it, the dark redhead seemed oddly enticing to her. She wrapped her fingers around his cock, holding it tightly for a moment and feeling the large organ. She then began to move her right hand up and down his cock, jerking him off.
"Oh, Mikayla!" He moaned as he felt her soft hands on his cock.
"Why don't you sit down." She suggested, pointing to the chair next to him.
Martin quickly sat down, his cock harder than it had ever been before. Mikayla scooted over, getting between Martin's legs. She looked him in the eyes as she reached behind herself and unclasped her bra. She saw his eyes devour her large breasts, he could never get tired of seeing them.
Mikayla spat on both hands this time, then quickly returned them to Martin's cock. This time, she moved both hands simultaneously, jerking him off in unison. Martin's head fell back as he closed his eyes and focused on Mikayla's wondrous hands.
"After the fingering you gave me yesterday, I knew I had to pay you back." She told him as she noticed his cock leaking pre-cum.
"You didn't have to do this." He replied, but his eyes remained closed.
"I know... but I wanted to." She responded, giving his cock a little squeeze.
"You're so naughty!" Martin said as Mikayla's hands were doing incredible things to him.
"You made me become so naughty." She replied, biting her lower lip as she stared at his cock. "And I think I like it!"
Mikayla kept jerking his cock off with her left hand as her right hand began to rub his cock head. She could feel his pre-cum on her hands, mixing with her saliva and creating a lubricant between them. As her right hand returned to his shaft, she couldn't help but wonder what it tasted like now that she felt it. Unconsciously, she had been moving her head closer as she jerked him off. She only realized now that her face was mere inches from his cock. She looked at his head and leaned in a little closer.
"Have you imagined my lips on your cock?" She asked, Martin's eyes shooting open to look down at her.
He was speechless as he saw the sexy blonde's lips just an inch away, he could feel her breath on his cock. Her hands continued to work their magic, and he knew he was on the edge.
"You must have thought about it before." Mikayla said as she hadn't received an answer. "I know I've thought about it. My plump pink lips on your big masculine cock." Mikayla puckered her lips and leaned the last little bit in, placing a kiss on his cock head.
"Oh god, I'm cumming Mikayla!" He shouted as he couldn't handle it anymore. He felt his balls clench up, and his cum begin to travel upwards. Mikayla quickly pulled her face back. She aimed his cock at his own stomach as he came. It was the largest load of his life, covering his stomach in a solid layer of cum.
"Did you enjoy that?" Mikayla asked, knowing full well the answer.
"Oh god, yes." He replied, nearly out of breath.
Mikayla stood up, grabbed the towel she had placed on the counter, and gave it to Martin.
"Here, you should clean up while I go change." She told him. "Then, we'll head out for the flea market."
Martin cleaned himself off, kind of wishing he had brought some cologne, knowing he was going to be alone in a car with Mikayla. He put his clothes back on and finished up just as Mikayla descended the stairs.
She wore a white crop top and a matching mini skirt. She was showing a decent amount of cleavage, enough to entice but still maintain some semblance of modesty. The matching mini skirt was short, not even getting halfway down her beautiful legs. Martin felt his cock stir, even fully clothed Mikayla had that effect on him.
"Ready to go?" She asked.
"Ya, let's go." He replied.
It was a short 20-minute drive over to the flea market. The flea market was in an abandoned air hanger. It was Saturday, so the place was quite busy with people from all over looking for a deal. It took Mikayla a little while to find a parking space, but she eventually did, which was in the far corner of the parking lot.
"My mom always loved flea markets." Mikayla said as they walked towards the market. "First Sunday of each month, we'd go to one. We'd often not buy anything, just looking through the stuff was fun."
"I know just what you mean." Martin replied. "There's something so enticing about a flea market."
"It's the unknown." Mikayla responded. "You're never sure what you're going to find."
They soon find themselves in the market, wandering aimlessly through. They have a good time looking through the knickknacks, clothes, and collectibles. Mikayla ends up buying a silky scarf that is super soft and luxurious. Eventually, they found a booth selling paintings, the original reason for coming here.
"See any you like?" Mikayla asked as he looked through several.
"No, nothing stands out yet." Martin answered.
"Ooh, I like this one." Mikayla said, pointing to a painting of a winding pathway with trees lining it. It's clearly in the fall as the trees have changed color to a vibrant orange. There are two shadow figures in the distance holding hands.
"It's beautiful and the perfect size for the basement." Martin replied.
"It was clearly made with care. The brush strokes are very intentional." Mikayla notes.
"If it's got your approval, then it must be of high quality." Martin responded.
Martin bought the painting as Mikayla continued to look at it. Something about it mesmerized her and gave her a warm feeling in the pit of her stomach.
"What are you thinking about?" Martin asked.
"I'm just looking at it." She answered as the owner pulled it off the wall and handed it to Martin. "I get the sense that these are older souls." She said, pointing to the two figures.
"They're near the end of the path, and it's autumn just before the leaves fall." Martin replied. "Makes a lot of sense."
"But it's not sad, it's exciting." She responded.
"How so?" Martin asked.
"They're entering a new chapter in their life, but they're doing it together." She answered, brushing her hand against Martin's. "They don't know what's next, but as long as they have each other, they are okay."
Martin turned and smiled at Mikayla, who blushed a bit. "That's a lovely sentiment." He said.
"Ya, it is." She responded.
"I'm going to take this painting to my car, I'll be right back." He told her.
"Sure, I'll be over there looking at the jewelry." She told him.
As he was walking back, Martin saw Mikayla and took a second to truly appreciate her beauty. Mikayla was distracted looking at the jewelry and had her back to him, but he took the moment to look at her hourglass figure. Her slim waist that gave way to her juicy little butt and those shapely legs. She was leaning over just a touch, Martin noticed her mini skirt riding up her legs just a bit more. It reminded him of everything they had done together but also how much more he wanted to do with her.
"Hey, does anything catch your eye?" Martin asked as he approached Mikayla.
"Those emerald earrings are really nice." Mikayla replied, pointing to a pair of teardrop earrings with a bright green rock.
"Ooh, pretty." Martin responded. "They'd match your eyes."
"That's what I was thinking." She told him.
"So, are you going to get them?" Martin asked.
"No, they're a tad too expensive." She replied. "I don't want to spend a lot of money here today."
"Fair enough... let's keep moving." He responded.
The two of them continued to walk and check stuff out. They have a good time just looking at all the different things. Mikayla was feeling very connected to him and, at one point, reached out and took his hand. They began walking around holding hands, the public act of affection feeling oddly intimate to Mikayla.
"Mmm... those muffins smell delicious. You want one?" Mikayla asked as they passed a stand.
"Absolutely, but first, I got to use the bathroom. I'll be right back." He told her.
Mikayla paid for the muffins and then found a bench to sit on. She was looking at her phone when a man approached her.
"Hi, beautiful." He said, causing Mikayla to look up at him. He was tall, young, and fit with a short, full beard. He was conventionally attractive, although not to Mikayla, who already found him annoying. "My name is Sean, and I've noticed you walking around with your father and thought I'd come to introduce myself."
"So, you've been stocking me?" Mikayla replied, already sick of his presence.
"Think of it as a romantic gesture." He responded.
Mikayla rolled her eyes. "I don't consider following me around as romantic." She told him.
"Oh, come on, we're both good-looking adults. Why don't you ditch your father, and I'll buy you lunch." He replied.
"I'd rather not." She answered. "And just so you know, he's not my dad, he's my boyfriend."
Sean walked off in defeat, head down in embarrassment. 'Thank god.' Mikayla thought.
Martin soon returned, and they continued on their way. Their muffins didn't satisfy their hunger, though. They eventually found a place that sold burritos and got one.
"I saw that man sitting next to you earlier, what was that about?" He asked later on as they walked around again.
"Just some jerk trying to flirt with me." She responded.
"You weren't interested, though?" He replied.
"Of course not." She answered.
"You know, if you and Josh really do separate, you'll be free to go on dates as well." Martin noted.
"Ya, I will be. Not that it gives that guy any better chance." She responded. "I'm going to look for something different this time."
"What do you mean by different?" He asked.
"I always thought I wanted someone more mature." Mikayla explained. "And Josh fits that to a t, but maybe I was wrong."
"We've been programmed to think maturity is finding a good job and having life goals." Martin replied. "But it's also knowing what's important and prioritizing that. When you're my age, looking back, you remember the times spent with loved ones, not the money and titles you've acquired."
"That's very well said." Mikayla responded. "And that's what I want. Someone who will prioritize being there for me."
"It's what you deserve." Martin told her. "You deserve someone who will treat you right. I know you'll find him. Just have some faith."
Mikayla blushed. He was such a sweet old man, she could feel her heart beating as she looked at him. It was just one more day than she could be with him. In her mind, she already was. It was clear to her the feelings between them, but it remained unspoken as long as Mikayla was still with Josh.
They headed back to Mikayla's car, their day of shopping was completed. The car was hot, the warm summer sun having heated it up.
"Hey, before we leave, I got you something." Martin said, pulling out a small red felt box and handing it to Mikayla.
Mikayla accepted the box and opened it. "Huh, the earrings!" She replied. "You didn't have to get these for me."
"I know but I wanted to as a thank you." He responded.
"Thank you for what?" She asked.
"For this morning." He answered, putting his hand on her inner thigh. "I know another way I could show my appreciation." He said, rubbing his hand up her thigh.
"Maybe we should wait to get home to do that." She replied, biting her lower lip.
"Or we could do it right here." He responded.
Mikayla's eyes went wide. "What if someone saw?"
"Doesn't the risk make it more thrilling?" He responded.
He was right; it was definitely more thrilling for her. Martin knew what he was doing, he was pushing her exhibitionist button, knowing it would excite her. She didn't say anything as Martin grabbed the bottom of her skirt and slowly pulled it upwards, revealing her white cotton panties.
"Lean back and enjoy this." Martin told her, his fingers brushing against her panties.
The air in the car felt especially hot and heavy. Mikayla reclined her seat back and spread her legs, her left foot sitting on the door. She was already sweating as Martin leaned over. His right hand went under her panties as his left began to touch her breasts. She bit her lower lip, trying to stay quiet, but found it increasingly hard as Martin's fingers teased her lips.
"Mmmmm!" She moaned as Martin pushed down on her clit.
Martin pulled her top and bra down, revealing her large breasts, her nipples already beginning to harden. His lips quickly found their way to her tender nipples. Chills ran down her back as the old man's finger continued to tease her pussy. One of her hands went to the back of his head as the other moved her panties out of the way, giving him unimpeded access.
"Oh ffuuuckkk!" She moaned as Martin stuck two bony fingers inside her.
Her body got hot as Martin's fingers went at a steady pace in and out of her. Her pussy was gushing already, she had a feeling she would be squirting again today. She could feel it in her stomach, the same feeling she had yesterday when he had got her to squirt. It was only a matter of time.
She was panting like a dog at this point, the car's air feeling especially heavy as Martin's finger sped up. She was sweating quite a bit, and her skin now shone slightly from the sweat. Martin's lips worked their magic on her nipples, gently sucking on them and making them incredibly hard. She was breathing heavily now, her body on fire from the pleasures Martin was giving her.
Suddenly, Martin pulled away and looked her in the eyes. "Mikayla, there's something I want to do." He told her, his fingers slowing down.
"What is it?" She asked, knowing he could ask anything from her right now, and she'd let him.
"Can I taste you?" He replied. "Can I taste your pussy?"
"Yes, absolutely!" She answered, wanting him to lick her desperately.
Martin smiled at her before kissing down her body. When he got to her legs, he pushed them together and then slowly pulled her panties down and off her. He took a big sniff before throwing them in the backseat. Mikayla spread her legs again, her glistening pussy too enticing to Martin. He quickly leaned over the seat and went down on Mikayla.
He started by taking a long slow lick between her lips, getting a good taste of her sweet pussy. Her juices were flowing at this point, the anticipation of waiting for Martin to do this mixed with the thrill of being in a parking lot where anyone could come along and see.
"Oh, Jesus!" She moaned as Martin's tongue found its way to her clit.
His tongue streaked up and down her clit quickly, causing Mikayla to moan uncontrollably. Things only seemed to get hotter in the car as Martin did an amazing job licking her pussy. Her body was on edge as he pulled his tongue away from her clit, dragging it back down between her lips.
"Uhhh!" She groaned and arched her back as Martin found her opening and inserted his tongue.
Martin's tongue snaked its way inside the hot blonde's pussy. He adored the flavor; it was even better than he had imagined it would taste. The sounds of Mikayla moaning pushed him to go harder.
"Oh, Martin! Yes, right there!" She moaned as Martin licked right along her g-spot.
He had remembered where Mikayla's g-spot had been from fingering her yesterday, and he used that information to lick Mikayla well. Mikayla was now more screaming in pleasure than moaning. Any concern of someone seeing them had evaporated in the heat of the moment. Internally, she wanted someone to come along and watch, knowing it would be such a turn-on for her.
"Martin... I'm gonna... I'm gonna... cum!!!" She screamed as the floodgates opened, and her body began to orgasm.
And the flood gates bursted open. Mikayla's body spasmed as her pussy squirted out onto Martin's face. It was an intense orgasm, just like the orgasm from yesterday. She could feel her body trembling as the orgasm ripped through her.
Martin gladly licked up her juices; the sweet taste of Mikayla was intoxicating. He kissed her inner thighs, worshiping his hot neighbor's incredible body. He felt so lucky to have tasted her.
"Mmm... that was tasty!" Martin said, pulling his face away from Mikayla's pussy.
"Jeez, you really know how to eat pussy." Mikayla commented.
"Comes with experience." Martin replied with a smile. "Shall we go home now?"
"Gimme a second to compose myself." Mikayla answered, realizing she was still exposing herself.
Mikayla pulled her skirt down and shirt up. She looked around to be sure no one had seen that. She took a few deep breaths to calm herself down before backing out of the parking spot and pulling away.
"You sure know how to eat pussy." Mikayla commented as she drove.
"I've always had a passion for eating pussy." He boldly told her. "I like to know that my partner is enjoying themselves."
"Well, I definitely enjoyed that." She replied.
"I could tell. My face was soaked from you." He responded.
"Hehe... I'm not sure where that came from." She giggled.
"Don't worry, I always enjoy a squirt." He replied.
They pulled up to a red light, and Mikayla peeked over at Martin's crotch, seeing an unmistakable bulge. She thought she might owe him after the parking lot and got a dirty thought in her head.
"Looks like it might rain soon." Martin noted as Mikayla had been in a trance for a second.
"Wha... oh yeah, those clouds look ominous." She replied, looking up and seeing the dark clouds forming.
The rain held off until they were nearly home, only beginning to drizzle as she pulled off the highway. The intensity of the rain only increased as they drove until it was pouring rain as she pulled into her driveway.
"Jeez, I might wait for this to stop before I get out." Martin said.
"Ya, I'm with you there." She responded.
'We get it on almost every night. And when that ol' moon gets so big and bright.' The radio sang.
Mikayla turned the radio up. She recognized the song, it was one her mother had played many times. She got a strange idea as they sang the line, 'Everybody was dancing in the moonlight.'
"Aren't you waiting?" Martin asked as Mikayla opened the door.
"I've got an idea." She told him, stepping out into the pouring rain.
She opened her arms and tilted her head back, feeling the cool spring rain fall on her body. Mikayla did a little spin, feeling the cool water drip down her body.
"What are you doing?" Martin asked.
"Come out here and dance with me." Mikayla told him.
Martin jumped out of the car and joined her in the rain. They danced around like lunatics, splashing the forming puddles and soaking their clothes. The song changed at some point, but they continued to dance on.
At some point, Mikayla grabbed Martin's hands and began dancing with him. He spun her around and then pulled her close. Mikayla couldn't help herself, she stopped dancing and leaned in and kissed him. Martin didn't hesitate to kiss her back. Mikayla wrapped her arms around Martin and pulled him in tight. They were soon making out, their tongues dancing together as they just were.
"Mikayla, wha..." Martin began to say.
"Just shut up and kiss me." She told him.
Martin wasn't going to argue as they leaned back into the kiss. His tongue explored her mouth as they got drenched in the rain. But none of that mattered to the 2 of them, who held each other closely as they sucked on one another's tongues. The heat between them was evident to Mikayla, who wished she could stay like this forever.
The rain soon lightened up, and so did their make-out session. Mikayla pulled away from the old man, her eyes screaming she wanted more.
"Hehe... we should probably get inside." Mikayla giggled.
She grabbed Martin's hand and brought him up to the porch, where she unlocked her front door. She wanted to bring him inside and play out every dirty fantasy she had with him. But she hesitated. She knew it was wrong that she had to wait to sleep with Martin until after dealing with her failing marriage.
"What was that all about?" Martin asked, obviously curious as to why she stuck her tongue in his mouth.
"Can we talk about it tomorrow?" Mikayla replied. "I need some time to think."
"Of course." He responded.
Mikayla gave him one last peck on the lips before heading inside. Martin walked back to his house with a pep in his step. Tomorrow was not coming fast enough.
------
Mikayla woke up the following day to an unexpected smell. It smelled like breakfast, which was pleasant but surprising. She looked over to the other side of the bed but didn't see her husband.
She was smart enough to connect the dots. She hoped he didn't think making breakfast once would make up for all the problems they'd been having. It was a nice gesture but definitively not enough.
As she walked down the stairs, she was reminded how awkward things had been around here. Josh continued to come home late, but she could smell the whisky on his breath. They walked on eggshells with each other, both feeling a tense atmosphere around them. Their interaction was nothing more than a 'hello' and 'how was your day'.
She got to the kitchen and saw Josh in an apron holding a plate of pancakes.
"Morning, I made breakfast." He said with a small smile.
To be continued...