It was a warm, sunny day as Lorraine drove the beat-up camper on the quiet two-lane highway. The camper pulled a nice looking boat. There hadn't been another car for miles. She saw nothing out here but cattle grazing on rolling yellow hills, trees, streams, lakes, and lots of forest. Which was perfect. She escaped the crowded cities in search of this: solitude, nature, tranquility, and animals. A few days out here would be great. She couldn't wait to get out of this rig and be one with the outdoors. Do some fishing, swimming, sunbathing.
Asleep in the passenger seat was her boyfriend, Mel. He was a short, slender Asian man dressed in REI clothes. She was a tall Italian American woman with a thick, muscular body and shoulder length dark blonde hair. Her skin was a Mediterranean brown with freckles here and there. She wore an AC/DC shirt, tight Daisy Duke shorts, and flip flops. Her big butt cheeks bulged out of the shorts. A Grateful Dead song blared from the speakers and yet Mel still managed to sleep. Lorraine sang along to the music, tapping her thumbs on the steering wheel. She shifted gears as they went up a hill and floored the gas pedal.
Mel woke up seconds later, yawning, looking out the window at a peaceful lake. "That it?" he asked.
"No. Almost there, hon."
He looked at her toenails that had been painted a clear, glossy sheen. She shifted gears again. He watched her foot floor the pedal, then it pressed the brakes a little. He wanted to kiss and lick her feet. Her glossy toenails aroused him. Again she stepped on the gas as they went up another hill. More yellow hills passed by them. More cows.
As she sang another Dead song he looked at her Daisy Dukes, at her ass cheeks that threatened to split them apart. Suddenly, he stuck his fingers deep between those large cheeks, fondling them. She chuckled, smiling at him lecherously. He went even deeper and she uttered a moan. She didn't wear panties. His other hand stroked her huge, muscular thighs that looked like tree trunks. Her calves were equally big.
She stopped singing and moaned loudly as he continued fingering her anus and pussy. Soon he had her shorts off. Luckily, there were no other motorists around. Even in the heat of passion and lust Lorraine kept her eyes on the road, checking the rearview mirror especially for cops. Her deep moans now competed with the voice of Jerry Garcia.
Mel lowered his head near the steering wheel and ate her big cunt. As his tongue probed her clitoris her moans shot up several octaves and she almost swerved off the road. He thought her moans would shatter the camper's glass. She quickly maintained control of the wheel and got them back on course. He licked and sucked her pussy fast and soon she experienced an awesome orgasm, screaming for more and more.
She pulled to the side of the road to let him have his turn. "I gotta cum, babe," he said. "I'm so fucking horny now because of you. All I'm thinking about is fucking your brains out your ears."
Lorraine shot him a naughty grin. "Do it then."
They went to the back of the camper, stripped naked, and Mel slid his long, enormous dick into her giant anus. The head of his penis was massive and round. She winced and cried out a little as it went in.
"How could such a gigantic cock get in?" she asked, her big brown eyes bulging out at it, her jaw dropping open. "Jeez, it's monstrous!"
"It got in before," he said simply.
She winced again as he began pumping her, his large balls bouncing against her ass. Her hand fondled his nuts gently and he closed his eyes in pleasure. His manhood slipped out somehow and she eagerly inserted it back in. When he threatened to stop and leave her she grabbed his arm, moaning, "More, more, more!!"
Mel laughed. Again she cried out when his dick's humungous head entered her asshole. They got more comfortable on the mattress before he went faster and harder, the way she liked it. Pretty soon he ejaculated inside her and they were drenched in sweat. She sat in his lap and they hugged each other tight, laughing.
* * *
After showering in the camper's stall they hit the road. Still, no other vehicles in sight. Odd but nice at the same time, Lorraine thought. No crowds or traffic to worry about. Just the beauty of nature.
He drank some water from a bottle and then passed it to her. "Hey, how many times have we fucked?"
She drank water. "I think it's in the double digits now."
"I want to take it to the triple digits."
She raised her eyebrows. "Wow, that's a lot of fucking! It's kinda mind boggling!"
"That's the fun and beauty of it."
She tapped her thumbs on the steering wheel. A Stones song was playing in the background. "We'll run out of positions. It won't be fun anymore," she teased.
He leaned his head back. "Don't worry, I got plenty of books."
"Still, that's a lot of humping. . .but I'm game."
"You sound hesitant."
She smiled. "No, I'm down." She kept her eyes on the winding road, her foot stepping on the brakes a little. They finally reached a secluded campsite along a river. There was still plenty of daylight as they launched the boat into the water. They changed. He wore a T-shirt and swimming trunks and she wore a tight bikini, shades, and a cowboy hat. The bikini bottom was the kind you tied together with strings, with knots on the hips. The knots on hers were getting loose, not to mention the bikini kept getting stuck between her big ass cheeks. She had to keep pulling it out, and Mel assisted a few times, too. The bikini top barely covered her large tits and her big nipples were pressed tight against the fabric. Yowzers!!!!!!!! After applying sun block they sped off, with her behind the wheel again. She howled enthusiastically as they zoomed across the placid waters. She felt like a big kid, having so much fun with this boat. Eventually they went down to a large lake, set the anchor down, and fished a little. The sun was really coming down hard now.
She made sandwiches and cut up fruit and veggies in the galley, walking barefoot all over the place. He kept looking at her clear, glossy toenails and her large, pendulous breasts. They looked like they were going to burst out of that bikini at any second. Her big nipples were erect. The bikini bottom got wedged deep between her cheeks again and he just stood and stared at it, a big grin on his face. She was at the counter cutting cheese, her butt facing him. After a long moment he came over, hooked the fabric around his thumb, and pulled it out.
"Thanks," she said.
They brought the food up to the deck and ate, adding beer to the menu. Afterwards they sunbathed, with her taking off her bikini top. She fell asleep chest down. When she woke up she asked, "Did I sleep for a long time, hon?"
"Yep."
"Must've been the heat and the food. Food coma." She chuckled. "You catch any Z's?"
"A little. The sandwiches were delicious. So were the fruit and veggies."
"Glad you liked it." Lorraine looked at her skin. "Boy, I'm really gonna roast. I always get darker in the spring and summer. Typical Italian genes. Want another beer?"
"Sure."
She reached into the cooler and tossed him a can of Beck's. She remained topless. The idea of being naked out in nature turned her on. Sitting in the captain's seat she scanned the quiet forest and lake around them. No one and no animals in sight. She looked using a pair of binoculars, too, but didn't see anything. She tilted her cowboy hat back, enjoying the beauty and peacefulness of the moment.
Later, she asked playfully, "Wanna go skinny dipping?"
"Sure."
She pulled the strings to her bikini bottom and it fell on the deck. Mel took off his swimming trunks and they dived into the cold water. They played around in the water, kissed and made out, swam around for a while, and then climbed back aboard. They wound up fucking again, with him sitting in the captain's seat while she sat in his lap and rode his cock. His balls slapped against her butt again as he went faster. She grabbed the rails tight, moaning loudly.
"Oooooooooooooooooooh! Ooooooooooooooooooooh!" Lorraine kept saying. "Oooooooooooooh, God, that feels soooooo gooood!! Ooooh, God, it's huge and it's inside me!!!"
Within minutes he came, shooting every single drop and ounce of his precious seed into her. His nails dug deep into her wide, thick back as the last of it spurted out. His moans echoed across the silent lake. She smiled at him, giving him a passionate kiss.
"That was the fucking bomb!" Lorraine said.
He laughed. "That was number ninety seven."
They wound up on the deck for the next round, with him giving it to her doggy-style for all to see and hear. And for those who heard it, man, she screamed! The following round, they went down to the bedroom where he stood and held her butt while she climbed on top of him and hung onto his neck, straddling her huge, muscular legs around him tightly. Being a skinny guy he was able to hold her up somehow and she loved every minute of it, howling and moaning as he kept ramming his long cock into her wet pussy. The massive, round head of his dick slid into her and she did wince at first. But that was long behind her now.
He looked into Lorraine's big brown eyes. "You love my big, round cock head?"
"YES!!!! GIVE ME MORE! GIVE ME MORE!"
"You like Asian cock?"
"I LOVE ASIAN COCK! IT'S THE BEST!"
"You like it up the butt and pussy?"
"YES!!"
"You're gonna give birth to all our little Eurasian babies?"
She laughed, straddling her legs tighter so that her bare feet touched one another. He pumped her fast and hard again, his nuts flopping against her butt. Her moans were deafening.
"I'm gonna cum, babe," Mel said.
She nodded and knelt before him. Mel sprayed warm white semen all over her. It landed on her face, boobs, her dark blonde hair, everywhere. She smiled, rubbing it all over her body.
After showering they went back up to the deck to dry off under the scorching sun. Lorraine only wore the bikini bottom. After pulling the anchor up she sat in the captain's chair and steered the wheel right, guiding them across the lake. It later turned into a river again. A dense, green forest was on both sides of the water. They stopped half an hour later. He sat in her lap and they French kissed passionately. Then he sat down and she knelt before him and sucked his dick feverishly. She licked his nuts. They wound up on the deck where he lied on his back and she squatted over his genitals and did the cowgirl position, heeing and hawing. She even wore her cowboy hat, like she was riding a horse or a rodeo bull.
Mel pumped her big cunt faster and faster until she screamed for more and more, never wanting it to end. "Ooooooooooooooooooh, fuuuuuck!" Lorraine said. "Oh, God! Ooooh, God!"
He also let out a long series of moans as he came inside her. She was all sweaty and sticky, sitting on top of him. She tipped her cowboy hat at him and smiled.
During the next round she lied butt naked on the counter in the galley and he ate her pussy. Lorraine spread her legs wide open and he licked and sucked. He also licked and sucked her feet and toes. She liked that a lot. He fingered her anus quite a bit and his tongue probed there, too. Her moans were loud and deep when he went faster and harder. She clutched the edge of the counter when she achieved a spectacular orgasm.
The afternoon sun was bright and warm as she lied on a hammock. The skies were completely blue. She watched the sky, drinking a wine cooler, wearing only the bikini bottom. The heat was making her sleepy and she nodded off a few times.
Suddenly, a male voice said, "Excuse me!"
When Lorraine didn't respond the man repeated the statement. She slipped out of REM and looked up groggily. Pushing her shades up her nose she saw a small fishing boat near their craft. Three shirtless, young guys were on board. Two of them were Asian and one was Middle Eastern. They each had a fishing pole with a line in the water.
She stifled a yawn. "Yes?"
"Do you know which direction the American River is?" one of the Asian men asked. He had a shaved head.
Lorraine approached the railing, topless. The three men stared at her big, swinging hooters, at her giant nipples. She acted like everything was normal. "No, I don't," she replied. "Sorry. Hold on, let me ask my boyfriend." She disappeared for a moment and later returned. "Sorry, he doesn't know either. You boys want to go fishing down there?"
"Yep. Have you had any luck out here?"
"A little. I came mostly for camping, being in nature, backpacking."
The man with the shaved head nodded. "Well, you picked a perfect place. How long you guys gonna be out here?"
"Few days. What about yourself? You're camping too?"
"No, just a day trip. Gonna head back to Sacramento later." He wiped his sweaty face with his shirt. "Hey, you got any extra beer or water on board? We're all tapped out."
"Sure, I'll get you some." She walked barefoot to the galley and they had a perfect view of her bikini bottom wedged deep between her big cheeks. The Middle Eastern man's jaw dropped wide open and he whispered, "Goddamn!"
The other Asian man's eyed bulged out. "What a perfect ass."
Lorraine returned with some beer and water bottles. The men got within inches of her boat and she handed them the supplies. They thanked her.
The Middle Eastern man smiled. "That's a nice boat you got there."
"Thanks."
"Did you get a good deal on it?"
"As a matter of fact, I did. I was very lucky. I love being on the water."
They tried not to stare at her large breasts and nipples but it was quite impossible! It was like pretending the pink elephant was not in the room. Her huge, muscular thighs and calves were quite a sight too.
"Mind if we take a look?"
"Uhh, we gotta get going. Sorry," she replied, smiling. "But it was definitely nice chatting with you boys. Enjoy the beer."
"Say you got any food on board? We're starving," shaved head said.
She shook her head. "We're all out."
"Can I use your bathroom? I gotta pee," the other Asian man said.
"Piss in the river. I won't look."
When shaved head tried to board her boat she pushed him away. "Hey!" she said, looking up at the bridge where Mel sat behind the wheel. "Let's go!"
Mel steered their boat down the river. She gave the trio an intimidating, menacing glare as they sailed away.
"Are they following us?" Mel asked.
She was lying on the hammock again, looking behind them. "No, they're long gone. That was hours ago. Hey, wanna anchor the boat somewhere, hike into the forest and camp someplace?"
"Sure."
He stopped the boat near a riverbank and they strapped on their packs. They swam partway to the shore, walking the rest of the way through calf high water. She just wore the bikini bottom and was barefoot. Mel wore his shorts and sandals. They trekked through the forest and finally set up their tent near a creek. They bathed in the creek and then made love inside the tent and then outside of it. She clutched a tree stump as he gave it to her doggie-style. As they climaxed her loud moans boomed throughout the forest.
When she woke up the following morning she noticed the zipper of the tent was halfway open. That was odd. Mel was asleep next to her in the sleeping bag. He could've forgotten to close it after he peed or something but that was unlikely. He was pretty cautious especially with animals lurking about. She exited the tent and noticed all their gear and equipment was gone. All that was left was their tent and sleeping bag.
"Shit!" she said, looking around carefully. Nothing anywhere. She immediately woke up Mel and informed him. "It must've been those punks. They followed us and stole everything. C'mon, let's head back to the boat."
When they reached the riverbank they didn't see the boat. "Fuck!" Lorraine said angrily. "I knew it!"
"I had bad vibes about them even before you talked to them. Why'd you chat with them for so long? And give them beer? That was crazy! You should've just ignored them. We should've just left right there and then. Sometimes you're just so naïve! Use common sense!"
"Okay, Okay! I'm sorry. Now let's just figure out what we're gonna do." She thought for a moment. "Let's backtrack through the forest back to the camper. It's gonna take a while but that's my vote."
"Why don't we just try to flag down a fisherman or car on the highway and ask them to call the sheriff."
"But where's the highway? If we see a fisherman or backpackers we'll tell them. In the meantime, I think we better get going before it gets dark." She led the way through the woods, barefoot and only wearing her bikini bottom. The fabric was stuck between her cheeks again and he inserted his fingers into the big crack and pulled it out.
"When I find them I'm gonna kill them," she said. Her big titties bounced up and down as she ran through the forest. She parted her shoulder length dark blonde hair, carefully scanning the woods for signs of people or animals.
By midday, they rested near a stream before moving on. Little did she know that shaved head was studying her big hooters through a pair of binoculars. He smiled mischievously before passing them to his buddies. They studied her body too.
"Yeah! That's what I'm talkin' about. I want some of that," the Middle Eastern said. "But she's gotta bathe first. Otherwise she's gonna be all stinky."
"I thought you like big farmer's daughters like her all sweaty and smellin' like snatch."
The Middle Eastern man with the spiked hair made a face. "Yuck! Sweaty maybe. You think she's German or Austrian? She looks like this German girl I dated in college. She was thick and muscular like her."
Shaved head shrugged. "Seems like your typical blonde to me. I bet she's a beast in bed. Bet she likes to fuck."
"Bet she gives great head," the other Asian man commented, studying her ass through the binoculars.
They followed the two through the forest. Lorraine and Mel walked along the river, not seeing any fishermen yet. Hours later they could see their camper in the distance. But before they could sprint off to it the three men surrounded them.
Shaved head shot her a naughty grin. "Hey, big buns."
She looked at them angrily.
"Wanna compare nut sizes? Actually, I've got the biggest balls out of this whole group." He laughed.
"Let me be the judge of that," she said and lunged at him, bringing them both crashing to the dirt. They wrestled for a while. He tried to pull the strings to her bikini bottom but kept missing them. At one point his hands grabbed her butt cheeks and fondled them but she slammed two vicious punches in his face and he reeled backwards. When he tried getting back up she kept kicking him in the face with her bare foot until it was all bloody. Two of his front teeth got knocked out and he dropped to the ground unconscious.
"Goddamn!" The Middle Eastern man said.
Before he could blink or react she grabbed him and lifted him high into the air, above her head. Lorraine shook him so violently that he screamed for his life. Afterwards she threw him hard against a tree, like he was a ragged doll. They heard several bones snap and break before he landed on the dirt.
"Ouch!" Mel said.
The Asian man was last and he started backpedaling away from her, his eyes bulging out in fear. She kept following him, flashing him a wicked grin. "Wanna compare nut sizes? Do you have the biggest balls?"
He kept backing away, his hands far from his body. Sweat beaded across his face, his breathing grew labored. "Please, let me go. . .I'm sorry that we hassled you before. It was his idea, not mine. Let me go and I won't tell anyone."
She maintained the wicked grin. "Can you show me your big balls? If you do I'll show you my big cunt." She laughed. The man didn't laugh, didn't smile. The only emotion he was expressing was fear. When he bolted away she chased him and jumped him, bringing him down to the ground with a loud thud. She slapped him silly several times, sitting on his chest. Then she unzipped his fly and grabbed his cock.
"That ain't big at all," she said calmly and disappointedly. She pulled the strings to her bikini bottom. "You wanna see big? Check this out."
The sheriff came and took away the men, and also took down her statement and Mel's. Then she put on a Rolling Stones shirt, slipped on her Birkenstocks, and got behind the wheel. She hummed an old Bob Dylan song as she drove the camper down the road.
THE END