I am a man, and I'm writing this as a man. This is the fantasised story of my girlfriend's real-life impromptu one-night stand as a stripper at an out-of-town bar.
One evening she and I went with a group of friends to explore a new venue on the outskirts of town. Upon entering, we learned it was a strip joint, and that this was amateur night. Right away she was interested, and I and the other men in our group encouraged her. The other women weren't so sure about themselves entering, but they surely did encourage my girlfriend. After we settled at a table about midway back from the stage, she registered and was given a number.
After the first few women wiggled and shimmied and wrapped themselves around the pole, each eventually getting down to a thong or lace panties or bikini bottom, her number was called. In her street clothes she went up on the stage and into the glow of the footlights, and waited while the MC introduced her with a fake name and backstory. Since she hadn't planned on being a stripper that night, she wasn't wearing layers of clothing to tease the audience with. True to her usual habit of shunning underwear, all she had on was a short thin dress.
So, with only one garment to dispose of, she quickly whipped it over her head, handed it to the MC, and just stood there facing the crowd, naked. Full naked in less than a minute, with no build-up. The audience and the MC looked confused, and murmured back and forth, while she stood naked above them. She looked like she didn't know what to do. This was a complete shift from what the earlier performers had done, and judging from the whispering and then the silence, the audience was stunned. She just stood there in the darkened room, the only light was the warm glow of her nakedness. For a while she nervously tried talking, stumbling over her words and looking to the MC for direction. No help there. After the initial moments of unprotected full-frontal, she placed one arm across her breasts and the other hand over her brazenly exposed shaved sex, and convinced the audience how nervous and embarrassed she felt. She told them to forget the made-up name they'd just heard, and gave her real name and age and profession, including her PhD in engineering, and pointed me out as her boyfriend. I thought she looked glorious up there, and felt proud to be claimed by her. A spotlight found me, and I blew her a kiss. The punters hooted and razzed as she answered by timidly lifting a breast in my direction. But she was still attempting to cover her bits with her hands.
In response to some crude catcalls she dropped her arms to once again fully expose herself. Standing there, wearing only a few small bits of jewelry, heels, and her eyeglasses, she now faced the audience front-and-center at the edge of the stage, and let them again take in the full view of her bare breasts, now erect nipples, and the intimate folds of her sex. But it still looked like she didn't know what to do. At first I felt sorry for her that she was up there alone without a clue, but soon I realised she was playing the innocent virgin, which she sensed might appeal to the crowd. So, she really did know what she was doing!
Explaining that she might feel more comfortable if she faced away, she demurely turned to show her backside. Suddenly she spread her ass! Then, smiling and winking over her shoulder and completely disregarding the music, she spread her legs and bent at the waist to give them a view of her cute little anus and the rear view of her genitals. Each time she did that the crowd cheered and threw large bills onto the stage. There was no hiding the view right into the depths of her sex, and her wetness was very apparent. Some coarser members of the audience loudly pointed out the juices running down between her legs. She responded by playing at wiping away the wetness then licking her fingers, which drove the audience crazy again.
Moving around clumsily to the music, she gave evidence that she wasn't much of a dancer. She apologised for that, saying she had spent too much time at university and never learned to dance properly. She talked them through some yoga poses that involved lying back with her bottom in the air and doing leg splits, and now her juices were trickling out of her upraised vagina and onto her inverted abdomen and chest. She let on that she still didn't know what to do, and the audience seemed to not know what to make of this totally unprofessional and uninhibited display. But they went wild each time she awkwardly moved into another pose or position, and kept applauding and throwing more tip money onto the stage. She went over to the pole and rubbed her clit against it, leaving a visible slick there. Reading her face and nipples, I could tell she was trying to hold off an orgasm and at the same time enjoying pleasuring herself.
When her time was up, she took a few deep bows, turning around to give more views of her bare underside, then bent over to scoop up the piles of tip money. She took the time to let her breasts swing and jiggle, and to give more views of her ass. She rose, then descended the steps to get down from the stage. I was waiting for her at the foot of the steps, and as she stepped down I, and probably everyone close by, became aware of the musky yet sweet scent of her wet sex. I escorted her as she shielded her nakedness with her hands, made her way through the cheering crowd to the restroom, then we made our way through the appreciative crowd again, looking for the MC to get her dress back. As we crisscrossed the room looking for the MC, I think everyone in the venue was treated to the smell of her sex. Many commented on it. We finally found the MC at a back corner table, where he offered the dress. Holding it in front of her body, she braved her way through the crowd, closely followed by me and the nimbus of her scent, to reach our table to sit with the dress draped loosely over her, with her bare bottom on my lap to watch the remaining contestants. I can tell you it was surreal walking through the crowd with this lovely naked woman at my side. Seated on me, she was still breathing hard from her own performance, so in the dimly-lit room I offered to give her some relief with my finger, but she said she wanted to hold off till we got home. So we sat and took in the rest of the acts. In the darkness, the lovely smell of her sex was sweet and pleasant.
When the remaining contestants had all done their routines, it was time to annnounce the winner. She rose and turned toward the stage, leaving me with her dress. And with my lap soaked from her warm, wet, bare bottom! As she made her way back to the stage, the audience again went wild for her, and some crowded round for closer looks at her nakedness. Obviously, she had outdone all the others, so when she joined them on the stage, amid loud cheering she was awarded first place. She gave all the prize money and half her tips to the other women to share and said the rest would go to a charity. Some of the other women had put their street clothes back on, and the rest were in the underwear or bikinis they had stripped down to, but there was only one woman naked. She proudly stood there, erect nipples brazenly forward, legs apart so as to hide nothing. Looking at her up there, again I thought the eyeglasses, ear rings, and heels made her look even more naked. And the juices were still running down between her bare legs. My pants were a mess, but I wasn't on display like she was.
Before they were allowed to leave the stage each of the contestants had to stay a few minutes longer to endure some light-hearted ribbing from the MC and the staff. Of course, most of the fun was directed at my girlfriend. She had to stand there, still naked, while the audience laughed over the staff's remarks about setting a new world record for fastest strip, only stripper they had to mop the floor after, and worst coordination with the music. Plus, she got razzed for distributing samples of a lovely new perfume, which they thought should be bottled and sold.
She took the humour graciously, but was determined to have the last say: Before leaving the stage she faced the audience, smiled widely, then tipped her pelvis upward, placed fingers at the top of her slit and pulled her vulva up a bit, causing her clitoral hood to rise and spread apart, lifting her clit out and into plain view. Just for a brief moment, but long enough for many men, and quite a few women, to rush up and throw even more money at her feet. She left that money there for the other girls.
The MC invited her to stay for the second set, but she said the only way she'd be able to manage another go was if he'd agree it was OK to orgasm on stage. He agreed, so we stayed. And she did.