Friends go Stripping
Since our wedding three years ago, Andy and I had been living in Nottingham on the Worthing Estate i.e. a large development of private housing located to the east of the City. And Nottingham, as you might already know, is a large town situated in the Midlands of the U.K. about 2 hours train ride from London.
Over time, we had got to know a few couples, but, our best friends were Kathy and Jack who like us were in their mid- twenties and hadn't started a family yet.. Kathy knew a lot more people than we did and it was through her that in June of last year, Andy and I were invited to a party at a couple's house a few streets away. Andy knew the guy from work, although I hardly knew his wife. There were quite a few people there that evening, as the four of us found out when we arrived together on that Saturday night.
As I said earlier, Kathy and I were both 25 and had a lot in common. We worked part-time at the same factory and shared many interests. She was probably my best friend on the Estate at that time. Like me, she had been married for 3 years and found living there a bit boring. We both liked to have fun and party etc., but, those occasions were few and far between. Little did we know that this particular event would spark off the sort of excitement and adventure that we couldn't have imagined.
It was quite an enjoyable party and there was the usual disco music and lots to drink. Several couples were using the lounge as a makeshift dance area, furniture having been pushed aside. However, we got a surprise when one lady, moving apart from her partner started to give what at first looked like an exhibition dance. Then, as she started to peel off her clothes, it suddenly dawned on everyone that she was a stripper. Straightaway, the floor cleared to give her more room, Then the men, including our husbands, crowded forward to get a better look and elbowed the ladies aside. Kathy and I stood at the back and watched in amusement as this attractive woman gradually took everything off but her sexy panties. It was quite a show and she got a round of applause when she very elegantly made her exit from the room. It had certainly livened up a fairly routine party.
Kathy and I noticed her manager/husband, as he gathered up her things and followed her out.
"Hey, I know that guy," Kathy said suddenly. "It's Tony Sheridan. He used to produce the amateur dramatics at that little theatre in Mansfield. I wonder what he's doing managing strippers?
"Why don't you ask him," I said and she did, eventually.
First thing was to find him in the kitchen having a beer and waiting for his lady to get dressed and come out of the bathroom.
As soon as he saw Kathy, he recognised her and they got on talking straightaway. He was quite an open friendly guy and there was no hesitation in giving Kathy the answers to her many questions.
She beckoned me forward, so I was included. "This is my friend Lisa, she told him, the sister I never had,"
I was aware of him scrutinising me, but that was not unusual. Kathy and I were used to being "given the eye" by men. We were quite a twosome.
We found out that the "shapely stripper" was, in fact, his wife... and they were making a bundle out of the many bookings that were coming her way. "We are out about 3 times a week to private houses, private functions that kind of thing. She's making a bundle for us." He mentioned a figure per month and we both gasped.
"What, just for doing that," Kathy said cheekily. "She was only dancing for ten minutes and even then she didn't take all her clothes off."
"Ah," said Tony, "but, the booking didn't ask for that. She does the full strip if she's paid enough and it's specifically asked for. It depends where it is of course. An all-male audience usually request the full strip and trimmings. If there's ladies present, like tonight, it usually means she keeps her panties on. It's quite simple really. And believe me, she loves doing it. She's one of these girls who loves showing off her body. And I'm around to make sure she comes to no harm."
Kathy made the observation that it seemed like easy money, particularly if you were having some fun.
"Well yes it is," he confirmed, "if you're pretty and you've got a good body; just like your good selves," he said, throwing a compliment while looking us up and down.
"Also, remember that you have to be prepared to strip and dance naked for strangers. And, believe me, not every girl has the guts to do that. It takes a bit of courage. But, on the other hand, if you can do it and it doesn't bother you, then I could fix you up with plenty of that type of work. And, as I say, the money is fantastic. As a matter of fact, I've got a really good opportunity for a couple of girls to do a gig for some retired gentleman and his friends at a country house near Grantham. You just have to do a sexy strip show from your own wardrobe.......you know swimsuits, short skirts, panties, sexy lingerie......just a 30 minute titillation for some well to do old geezers. And, you'd be talking £150 each for not much more than the evening's work. It's all quite harmless stuff really. You don't even have to take everything off, if you don't want to."
He handed us his smartly printed business card which simply said, "Tony Sheridan, Theatrical Booking Agency." Also, I noticed an address and a telephone number.
Kathy and I were silent as we looked at the card and thinking about what he had said. Not that I was remotely considering doing work of that kind.
Just then his wife, Sylvie, appeared in the doorway, all dressed up and ready to go home. She was all smiles and happy with the cash they had pocketed from her brief little sexy show. Tony introduced us briefly before ushering her out to his waiting car. Then, as she walked on, he paused and turned back briefly to speak to us again.
"I don't suppose you lovely girls would be interested at all. It's only that the pair of you would be just perfect and nobody would know youthatfaraway, especially, if you use stage names. A blonde and a brunette, they would go for that, no doubt about it.
(I was a short cropped blonde and Kathy had dark way hair down to her shoulders.) Unfortunately, Sylvie is already booked for that night and she's annoyed she can't do it herself."
"Anyway, Let me know if you want to do it" he said, as he hurried out into the night. Then Kathy turned to look at me and we both burst out laughing.
That night as we went home to our respective houses, I didn't even think about it. We were too busy talking about what had happened at the party and having a good laugh at people's reactions. I thought no more about it that night or the next morning when Andy went off to work. Then I got a surprise with an early morning visit from Kathy, who had obviously convinced herself to take Sheridan's offer seriously.
"We can do it, Lisa" she said enthusiastically, raising the subject as soon as she set foot in my house. "I know we can. It'll be a piece of cake."
"Think of the easy money," she emphasised. "Goodness knows we could do with some. We'd be able to buy some decent clothes and put a bit of luxury into our lives."
And for the next half hour, she set about convincing me to join her in the venture. The idea of having all that extra cash was incentive enough on its own, but, I think the idea of showing off our female beauty to rich admirers was also a turn on.
Kathy had even brought with her a selection of sexy clothing and lingerie that she was thinking of wearing for the strip show booking, that we were now both keen on accepting. She tried stuff on and paraded up and down my lounge as she demonstrated how to move and display the female body. She was good at that and I could see she had done something similar before. Also, like me, she had a shapely figure and a good pair of legs. In short, we both had the kind of looks and bodies that men would gladly pay to see. Better, in fact, than Sheridan's bottle blonde wife.
When I saw Kathy with her clothes off, I began to see why she was so confident we could pull it off. I was also flattered to think that she considered my figure and looks to be equally comparable with her own.
Eventually, she got me completely sold on the idea and I rushed upstairs with great excitement to find similar stuff of my own. I kept thinking that £150 plus tips was a lot of money and goodness knew we could do with some extra funds. And, if that went well? ...gosh it was mind boggling to think about the kind of money we could pull in with more bookings....
So, for the next few mornings, we experimented with our wardrobes until we were both happy with our final selections. Then, it was hour after hour of rehearsal, as we practised walking, stripping and displaying our scantily clad bodies to please an imaginary audience of old guys. Kathy had been in touch with Sheridan again and had more details of where we were to go and what was expected of us. It was a done deal now and I felt a shiver of apprehension knowing that I was committed to going through with it.
So, a few nights later, we were in Kathy's ageing Ford Cortina as we sped down the motorway to Grantham on our way to a new experience. She drove and I worked the sat-nav. Her confidence and reassurances kept me calm throughout the journey, but, when we got to our destination on the outskirts of some village, I was so nervous my hands were shaking. We parked on a large private gravelled drive next to other bigger and expensive cars.
"There's money here, alright," observed Kathy. "We'll be okay."
And strangely enough, my nerves just went away as we picked up our little suitcases and were met at the entrance by Colonel Westcliffe, our host for the evening, who immediately took control. He showed us the big room where, later in the evening, we would do our thing. It was already populated by half a dozen men who were drinking, and sitting on chairs and sofas. Then, a few yards across the hall we had been allocated a small room with an ensuite where we could change etc. I noticed they had also given us two glasses and a generous assortment of alcoholic drinks.
The Colonel looked at his watch........."shall we say a start in forty minutes from now, ladies, he chuckled."
The first thing we did was hit the drink. I could see that Kathy, in spite of her cool outward demeanour, needed a stiff drink to settle her down. I followed suit, then, and like her, had another. We needed the Dutch courage to loosen up a little to give our best when we went on stage. At least, that's what we kept telling ourselves. Then we sat down and tried to keep our nerves intact, until we heard a little tap on our door. "Five minutes, ladies," a voice said and we looked at each other in alarm. Luckily, we already had on our first outfit, which were short little green dresses. Our agreed strategy was to wear less and less on each of our appearances in the room and build up to a sort of climax. Kathy had already given the Colonel the tape of our favourite tracks, so we knew the music for each little session.
We walked into the room through a gap in the chairs and sofas that surrounded what passed for the stage. I was surprised and maybe a little pleased to see that there were only about a dozen men in attendance. With the music thumping out we did a simple synchronised dance (which we had practised until we were step perfect) and were able to relax when we were well received and applauded at the end. "See there's nothing to worry about," said Kathy happily as we walked off.
The plan after that was for us to take turns wearing different outfits, so we had the room and the small audience to ourselves while the other girl changed and followed on. This would mean there was practically no waiting time between each girl's appearances. Also, on each appearance we would wear less and less.
Kathy went on next wearing a tank top which showed a lot of bare midriff and a skirt even shorter than the dress she had worn minutes ago. The shouts of approval I could hear from the main room indicated that her outfit had met with approval. Meanwhile, I changed in to something very similar of my own......
Ten minutes later we were down to swimsuits and bikinis. Kathy had put on her red swimsuit which was really a bikini with a little bit of narrow webbing to link the bottom bit to the top. It displayed her excellent figure to perfection. When she walked into the room the whistles and shouts were the loudest of the night so far. She took a long time to come back out of the room.
What's she doing? I remember thinking because I was ready to go in to take her place. So I went as far as the main doorway to see what the delay was. ............
There she was, standing in the centre of the room allowing 2 guys to take her bikini top off. Meanwhile, she was just laughing and smiling at the men in the room. There were cheers as her very ample breasts fell free. Then she strolled amiably from the room, leaving me to take over. Of course, I had to follow her example, then, in spite of the fact that this was a deviation in our plan. The men would expect no less. I was wearing black bra, panties and suspenders and volunteers were quick to assist me to show my breasts also. When that happened, I got a rousing reception also. I stopped worrying then and figured Kathy had judged the men's mood and got it right.
When I got back to the changing room, Kathy had put on a pale blue thong and was ready to go. That was all she had on and I could tell from her eyes that she was really excited.
"Are you finishing the show with that?" I asked as she brushed past me, but, she was too far gone in a little world of her own.....Her audience was waiting and she wanted to be out there. Needless to say, she knocked those guys dead, wearing practically nothing. I was slightly annoyed, because she was raising the bar without consulting me and certainly deviating from what we had intended to do. Also, she was getting far too friendly with the men out there and it was worrying me.
And, as if to confirm my fears, when I went to the doorway to watch, there she was, sitting on someone's knee and being passed around the roomful of men. And all her bare female flesh was being pawed and groped by anyone within handling distance. I sighed and closed my eyes knowing that I would have to copy her or the men would be annoyed and perhaps withhold my payment. The whole thing was definitely getting out of hand.....
Eventually, I had to join her in the room, because she seemed in no hurry to leave. I had quickly changed into a very daring black pair of panties, which I had brought for emergencies only. Well, it seemed to me we were now in such an emergency, because Kathy was acting very strangely.
Reluctantly, it seemed, she finally took her leave from her admirers and headed for the door. But, they wanted her back, naked and she knew it........
Meanwhile, I just kept on smiling and moving around, careful not to accept any of the many invitations to sit on someone's knee, knowing I was completely naked except for those little pair of briefs. But I was very much aware of those eyes upon me......eyes filled with lust...taking in every inch of my exposed flesh.
Then Kathy made an unscheduled return, much to our audiences delight. Again wearing only the thong and swinging her hips provocatively. Her eyes were blazing with excitement as she toyed with the string of her thong
"Get them off, Get them off "they chanted, as she played up to them. And all eyes were now on her and she was revelling in it. I knew instinctively then that her thong was coming off.
And I don't know what made me do it, but I decided to match her. Was it jealousy or just me backing up my friend? It was a toss-up. However, end result was that my panties came down at the same time as hers.
The guys in that room just went mad as we paraded around completely naked.
Then I got to the door and waved goodbye , making it clear that the show was over, at least as far as I was concerned. And, thankfully, when I got back to our changing room Kathy caught up with me and proceeded to put on some clothes.
"That's it then?" I said. "Yeah," she replied, "it's time to get paid and go."
Twenty minutes later, we had finished packing our stuff and were fully dressed. Ready to go. We went back into the lounge and found that most of the men had departed leaving just the Colonel and 3 other guys. They were in a little group and in deep discussion about some topic or other.
When he saw us, he broke away and his face lit up with a smile.
"Ah there you are ladies........and I see you are ready to go." His posh voice resonated in the room talking to the hired help. Then he opened his wallet and generously peeled off some big notes. "Everyone thoroughly enjoyed your ...display" he informed us, "even though you left us wanting more........ I just hope we can have a repeat performance sometime very soon."
Then, handing Kathy the money, he escorted us to the front door and out onto the drive to our car. After, watching us settle into the seats, he went back to the porch and stood ready to wave goodbye.
The first thing Kathy did was count the money and hand half to me. "There you are kidda," she smiled, "its payday. £200 each, including the tips"
My eyes popped. "Great!" I said
Then she put the key in the ignition to start the engine, or at least tried to. The car wouldn't start. She tried again.......nothing.
"Come on...come on..." she said through gritted teeth, "don't let me down....not here.....not tonight...." But of course, just our luck, the car engine whirred, but just wouldn't start, not even after half a dozen tries.
Eventually, the Colonel and one of his cronies appeared at the car window and Kathy wound down the window.
"It won't start," she whined, helplessly. It was a statement of the obvious if ever there was one.
"Open the bonnet up, love and we'll have a look at your engine"
Kathy bit her lip and frowned. She hadn't a clue, on even how to do that. It told those guys that we didn't know a thing about cars and how they worked. No wonder they were smirking at our predicament. So, we had no choice but to get out and let the fellers have a go. In seconds they had got the bonnet up and were peering into the engine.
"Mmm, it looks like the carburettor has packed in," the Colonel observed.
I looked at Kathy. She had no idea what a carburettor was and neither did I.
"Is that serious?" She said in her little girl voice.
"Yeah" said the Colonel's friend, it needs to go into a garage. "You won't get it fixed tonight."
"What are we going to do?" I asked Kathy, when the implications of his assessment hit us.
We thought about it and knew more or less straight away that we were in difficulties. Our husband's couldn't help, because they didn't have a car between them, and, in any case, we didn't want them to know what we had been doing all evening. Also, a taxi, even if we could get one at this time of night would cost an absolute fortune and probably take up a large slice of what we had earned for our work tonight.
But, probably, it was our only real alternative.
Then the Colonel cleared his throat and spoke up. "I could put you up for the night," he offered. "This house is much too big for me and it has plenty of bedrooms. It would be no trouble. Then, first thing in the morning, I'll get your car fixed for you and you can be on your way"
Kathy and I looked at each other with expressions which said, "why not." After all, we didn't seem to have much of an alternative.
"That's very kind of you......Rex" she said, after only the briefest of hesitations.
So we all trudged back into the house and sat in the lounge. The Colonel brought drinks and said. "I'll get the guest room ready while you have a nightcap."
I suppose that's when I took notice that three other men were still around. They seemed in no hurry to go on home; in fact they were helping themselves to fresh tumblers of whiskey. The man who had looked at Kathy's car introduced himself. "I'm Jon by the way and this is Alex and Zach." It turned out they were local business men who lived local, all except Alex who seemed to be Zach Stavros's chauffeur or personal assistant. From the looks of the cars left in the car park, it was obvious these guys were not short of a bob or two.
Well, the Colonel returned and the drinks and the conversation flowed for a good half hour after that and Kathy was taking centre stage, flirting and sinking her G and T's quite frequently. I too, was drinking a bit more than I should have.
"Your show was great," observed Jon after a while, "pity it stopped when it did, it was just getting interesting."
There were growls and dirty chuckles from the other men. They obviously all felt the same.
Kathy waved a finger in their general direction........obviously the drink was getting to her. "We know what you wanted to see....you naughty boys....."
"What about carrying on where you left off," suggested one of the others....a quiet one who hadn't said much so far.
"Yeah," we'dpay you, offered Jon: "Another £150 each?"
I blinked, while my drink fuelled brain tried to calculate how much that would be. It seemed a lot but that was as far as I got. Meanwhile, Kathy turned and smiled at me......with that same excited look she'd had on her face earlier in the evening.....she was up for it, no doubt about it. The men had timed their request perfectly, and the offer of more money was generous icing on the cake.
She took my hand and pulled me up. "Alright," she announced. Waving that same drunken finger at the men, "but you have to behave....no funny business," she slurred.
"Are you sure this is alright?" I said to Kathy, as we began to take our clothes off in the changing room. "It's getting late and maybe we shouldn't..."
"Oh sure," she said, interrupting me and slurring her words slightly. "They're nice guys......nicerichold guys...is what I mean."
After a little argument, we decided to wear bikinis at first and see where it went from there.
So, Kathy had put on her nice red bikini again and couldn't wait to get back in. I stopped her. "Let's go in together, safety in numbers and all that," I said.
With that I picked up my glass of gin and downed it in one go."
"Hurry up then, slowcoach," she pouted as I quickly stepped into a favourite turquoise bikini which showed off my figure very well without being too revealing. Then Kathy swigged her own drink down, before, arm in arm and giggling like schoolgirls, we entered the main room. The men were either leaning against the left hand wall or spread out on the sofas waiting for us.
The atmosphere was different from earlier and I think both of us sensed it straightaway. There might have been fewer men there, but, the atmosphere was thick with lust. Another difference was that they were not just content to sit and watch this time. They wanted to dance with us or get us to sit on their knees. I saw that I had Alex and Zach to cope with while Jon and Rex gravitated towards Kathy.
Next thing I knew, Zach had pulled me in, his hands on my bare waist. His erection was obvious, despite his large stomach and it was pressing into me.
"What a body you've got, pretty lady" he growled, "what a figure....."
".......And I want it....."
Alarmed, I tried to back away, but the solid old Greek clearly had other ideas.....
Then I realised that Alex was kneeling down behind me and trying to tug down my bikini bottoms. I tried to swish him away with my left hand, but it was too late. He had them down to my knees. Then Zach crushed me in his powerful arms and kissed me hard on my red lips. In the meantime, Alex having got my bikini panties off had unclipped the bra and pulled it away.
"Let's get these bitches naked," someone had shouted in encouragement, "I've had enough of all this fucking teasing."
So, before we knew it, our bikinis were gone and we were nude and standing together with our arms twisted cruelly up our backs.
Then they got us to stand on a large low coffee table like prisoners, with our legs apart and hands on top of our heads, while our private parts were examined at close quarters. Those dirty guys were so close that they were actually sniffing at our sex. It was so embarrassing and humiliating. Then, they got us to bend over and stick our arses in the air for similar scrutiny. I could hear Kathy sniffling to my right and I was close to tears myself. Then there was rather a lot of groping and pawing as we stood there, naked and vulnerable. All I could do was just bite my lip and put up with it.
Then, I was distracted by the other two men leading Kathy out of the room.
"Where are they taking her?" I cried out, forgetting for a moment, my own predicament.
"Up to the bedroom, you silly bitch, where else?" came the response, and after a brief struggle, they had me up there too.
I must have fainted while they carried me up the stairs, because the next thing I knew, I was laying on the bed looking up at the ceiling, while Zach had my legs apart and was fingering my exposed vagina. I wanted to speak....to protest, but, his warning "Shush" told me to be quiet.
"Next time you open that pretty mouth, honey, will be to suck my cock," muttered Zach.
I closed my eyes and shivered, knowing he was holding me prisoner and could do anything he wanted to me.
I listened out for Kathy, but, could only hear her soft moans at the far end of the room. Zach guessed what I was listening to.
"Your friend's getting a damn good seeing to over there and that's only for starters. That bitch has been asking for it all night. In fact, I've never seen two married bitches so desperate for a shagging."
"And, don't fret, cos it will be your turn soon, just as soon as we get this shaven cunt of yours nice and wet".
I gasped at the crudeness of his language. It was not a good sign.
"Yeah, I saidcunt" growled Zach, fingering me hard, "because, single girls have pussies, married ones have cunts........we noticed you slipped your wedding ring back on when you thought you were leaving. Married cunts are better. A bit of illicit sex gets everybody excited."
He intensified his thorough working of my vagina, as I bit my lip in shame. I was fighting a losing battle, because I knew I was getting wet down there......and, against my will. But, shockingly, I was beginning to like what he was doing to me. My body was in betrayal .....
"Well lookie here", grinned my tormentor, holding up his slippery fingers for me to see. "You're sopping wet already and that's the way I like a cunt, especially when it's someone else's wife. So, I'd better get my big cock out and ready.......cos I don't like to keep a married lady waiting....."
He unzipped himself and proudly produced his rather large, thick erection. To my shame, I remember thinking that it was exactly what I needed.
Then he moved on top of me, his pot belly almost getting in the way.
"Oh fuck," he grunted, easing his cock into my vagina and groaning with pleasure at the sensation of it. Then he pushed it further and further in and began to fuck. As he did so, I could hear the squelching sound from my sopping wet sex. And, to be fair, it hadn't just been Alex who had got me like that; I had been worked up all night from showing off my scantily clad body to a roomful of men. And, there had been a feeling growing within me all night that I desperately needed some sexual attention. Now it looked like these men would see that I got it in spades.
Zach started off slow to get used to my juicy cunt. Then, he stepped up the pace of the fuck, shagging me harder and deeper, with long penetrating strokes. I closed my eyes and imagined it was my husband, having sex with me.........but it was no good. Andy was gentle and loving, while this guy was rough and fucking me hard like the slag I was.....I was having to face up to the fact that I was having sex with a stranger.
My body shivered, as sexual tremors rippled through me, undermining my resistance, and telling me that it liked being used and abused like this. I was so hot and worked up that I started to participate......couldn't help it....by pushing my vagina up to welcome his conquering cock, bouncing my arse off the bed and matching his ever quickening thrusts. God, his cock felt good, as I gladly surrendered my married vagina to the man's rampant lust.
My panting moans and girly squeals must have told the other men in the room that he had nailed me good and proper. They all watched fascinated as I shuddered in a massive orgasm. My legs arms and hair were all over the place in a mad frenzy of satisfied lust. Then Zach's full load of sperm jetted inside me as he collapsed on the bed.
"I've had a hard on all night wanting to fuck this hot sexy blonde," he growled.
"Well there's an ambition well satisfied then," someone said. "And you can go through her as many times as you want, Zach, cos we've got all night. Bitches have told their husbands they ain't coming home tonight. I overheard their calls."
That news sent a perverse and erotic shiver up and down my spine. Then Zach turned and looked at me, intensely, my blue eyes locked with his. I was mesmerised by his masterful stare and couldn't look away. They were the eyes of a man you wouldn't want to disobey.....on anything.
"Open your legs slut," he growled. "I want that blonde cunt on display at all times. Otherwise you'll feel my belt across your arse."
And blushing red with shame, I slowly opened my knees and spread my legs wide for all the men to see.
"And keep those pretty eyes wide open too," he demanded. "We want your full attention."
I had to stay like that for what seemed ages, red-faced and biting my lip in shame. At the same time, I had to endure their lust filled stares and crude comments while they slugged back their whiskey.
To my horror, I saw Zach's cock spring to attention again, fully recovered from its last devastating session hammering into my vagina. "Oh no," I murmured in disbelief, realising that he was ready to go at me again.
He pounced on me then, with a renewed vigour, kissing and feeling my thighs and squeezing my breasts. Then he was kissing me, open mouthed and passionate.....persisting until our tongues met and sent excited shivers racing up my spine. Then his fingers were on my vagina again making me squirm with delight as he fondled, probed and tormented my clitoris.
"Oh God, please stop" I pleaded, but his evil grin told me that was a forlorn hope, because, I knew that he was about to ravage me again.
Then, the beast was nipping and biting at my nipples, as I gasped and panted and surrendered to his lust.
"Hey, look what I've found" cried Jon, excitedly, after he had searched my suitcase. "A sexy pair of those French stockings.......shall we get her to put them on?"
Zach grunted approval and I was ordered to sit up and smooth them on and up my legs. They finished just past the knees and I could see why they turned men on. They were black and seductive and seemed to emphasise my creamy thighs and shapely bottom.
"You can piss off home now, Alex," ordered Zach when his man appeared in the doorway.......I'll ring you when I need you."
"And keep your fucking mouth shut about this," he added
"Yes Sir, will do," responded Alex, his face a picture of disappointment. Then he was gone, leaving me to the mercies of his Boss."
Then I heard Kathy at the other end of the room. She was being fucked by the Colonel and from the sound of her moans and urgent little gasps it was obvious that she was enjoying it very much. No doubt hubby was a long way from her thoughts at this moment, because, just like me, a few minutes ago, her entire universe was centred on what a rampant cock was doing to her pussy.
I had no more time to consider what was happening to Kathy, because Zach was pulling me by the hair and ordering me to change my position on the bed. He wanted me to kneel on all fours, with legs apart, and my arse pushed up provocatively, out over the end of the bed. I felt I had no choice but to comply, even though I knew that, naked and in that position I was just asking to be fucked.
"Look at that arse" he growled with lust and admiration....."Just look at that fucking arse will ya"
I wasn't a person anymore......just an object of desire.
Then he was down on his knees kissing, stroking and licking every part of my nakedness on display to him. He pushed his mouth up against my vagina and delved with his tongue, lapping the length of my slit and teasing my clitoris into life once more. (What was this man doing to me......I was losing all control...) Then he pulled my bum cheeks apart and tongued the rim of my arsehole. All this time, I dared not move, fearing his wrath and a lash from his belt. He muttered something and I strained to hear. His language was appalling as he made incoherent promises about shagging the arse off me and other such obscenities. My eyes shot open wide and I gasped with shame.
It was obvious he wanted to fuck me doggie-style and that I had no say in the matter. I could feel him working himself up to it. Again, he used his fingers to play my vagina, delving in deep with one then two fingers, using me hard and getting my love channel slippery and wet in readiness for that big cock of his. I just closed my eyes and bit my lip in shame, knowing that it had only taken a couple of minutes for him to achieve that objective. By now I was nothing more than a sex doll for him to use and abuse as he pleased.......
Then his big hard cock slowly slid in, teasing my now desperate cunt and pushing along the walls of my vagina; filling up my sex with his manhood. Finally, he pushed it all the way in. "Oh God!" I cried at the sheer sensation of it, snapping my head back and moaning. Then he was gripping my hips and shagging me good and proper, ramming into my sex with piston-like thrusts... over and over again...with an intense sexual energy that belied his age.
"Ohhh"......... the strength of the beast, as he just kept on fucking me, pulling my hips onto his rock hard cock and relentlessly driving in that solid mass.....
"Ohhh, Ohhh," I moaned.
He was giving me no respite....and driving me crazy.
I threshed my head back and forth as the sexual sensations down through my loins kept on mounting and mounting.......dominating my entire being; his big cock relentlessly pounding my squelching vagina. My orgasm was nearly there....I could feel it coming....coming....just out of reach. If only he would keep on fucking me.....
"Ohhh..., Ohhh...., Ohhh... don't stop," I urgently demanded.
And he didn't stop, nothing could stop him, and, thankfully, a few more penetrating fucks from that piston-like cock were all that it needed.
The big Greek had finally got me over the top and my entire body shuddered in pleasure and celebration. Wave after wave of delicious orgasm racked my body as I lay there moaning in ecstasy, The room seemed to go dark, as fireworks went off in my head and all around.
I had been totally and comprehensively fucked.
I rolled on the bed to get my breath back just in time to hear Kathy's frantic gasps and squeals signal the arrival of her own delightful climax. She had been fucked silly by the men at the end of the room and they had finally nailed her good and proper. Meanwhile, I just lay back and rubbed my thighs together, glowing in the wonderful sensations of after-sex.
He pushed his cock, glistening wet, towards my mouth. His threatening manner told me I had better take it, so I did. I tasted a heady mixture of our combined sexual fluids while desperately trying to suck and lick his large rod of manmeat. I closed my eyes as I took in as much as I could manage without gagging. Then I started to lick and suck his big cock. Not something I'd had much practise in lately. However, I must have been doing it alright, because, he started to moan with ecstasy. "Ohhh babe that's so good" he purred, "we'll make a cocksucker out of you yet."
"Look at me while you're sucking my cock", he demanded, suddenly, and I opened up my eyes and looked upwards at his face. Our eyes met and locked as I continued sucking. And not daring to look away. I held his gaze while I worked away at his rock hard erection with my mouth. In making me keep eye contact, he was enforcing his mastery over me letting me know that I was his sex slave; submissive to his iron will. A shudder ran through me as deep down. I knew, instinctively, that now, whenever and wherever we met it would always be that way between him and me. So I sucked and sucked until I felt a shimmer in his member and a flood of spunk erupted down my throat. "Swallow bitch, he ordered swallow it all."
I struggled to cope, but managed to swallow most of it. There was just a trickle that escaped my mouth and ran down my chin. Even this he made me scoop up and lick off my fingers.
He had full control of me then and further into that unforgettable night he fucked me like a rag doll in every conceivable sexual position. I wondered if it would ever stop.
As dawn broke, Kathy and I fortunately managed to get a few hours precious sleep then take a much needed shower, before we were able to take our leave about 9 a.m. The men had reverted to being gentlemen after what they had subjected us to the night before and we were assured that the car was o.k. which made me suspect that there had been precious little wrong with it to start with. It was obvious to us now that they had planned the whole thing.
Kathy drove in silence for an hour before she looked at her watch. Do you want to stop at a service station for breakfast? She asked.
I slowly stroked my throat "I think I've already had it," I replied thinking of all the spunk I'd swallowed during the night.
Kathy looked at me then she said, "Is it possible that a girl can enjoy an ordeal like that?"
"Of course," I said, "some women actually have fantasies about it."
"I don't think we should tell anyone about what happened, do you?" Ventured Kathy
"No.....not after we did a private striptease for them, twice, the second one being so much more explicit.
"Yes, that was my fault," admitted Kathy. "I let it get out of hand."
I had known all along that there was no possibility that we could take the matter any further because of the red hot show we had put on and the money they had handed over to us. They stumped up more before we left. Quite generous they had been with the cash, obviously hoping for a rematch.
Recriminations and blame were pointless, so we would have to just have to move on. Both of us had been well and truly fucked several times over so we could hardly forget about it, but, we would now have to get back to our husbands and resume our normal married life.
And more private strips? Kathy has raised the subject since, but, we'll just have to wait and see about that.
THE END