A few years back a severe ice storm knocked out power in the entire area. The local Embassy Suites hotel in Tysons Corner had an emergency generator, so my hubby and I decided to opt for creature comforts over defending the homestead; we checked in at about noon. By 3:00 the place was packed. It seemed like the entire neighborhood had moved in. Our weather misfortune had turned into a bit of an adventure. Little did I know just how much of an adventure it would become.
As I unpacked our things Carl headed off to find the ice machine. He returned about 5 minutes later looking a little flushed.
"Honey what took you so long?" I asked.
"Shhhh," Carl whispered with his finger up to his mouth. "Em you have got to listen to this."
He grabbed my hand and led me down the hall. We stopped in front of a room a couple of doors down from ours. I was about to say something when Carl signaled me to be quite and just listen. That's when I heard a distinctly male groan coming from inside the room.
"Uh, uh, that's it baby. That's it."
My first reaction was to pull back and return to our room but Carl tugged on my hand and gave me this excited little boy look that he gets sometimes. Then we heard the man behind the door again.
"That's it baby. Suck that cock. Ooh, suck it. Damn. Shit. Ffff-uh-uck! That feels so fuckin' good. Oh, God. Yeah. Yeah. Ooh."
You have to picture this. The hotel has a big open lobby; all the guest rooms open onto hallways that ring the lobby. The entire neighborhood was milling around just four floors down, and Carl and I were standing outside the doorway of someone else's room listening to this blowjob. Anyone could see us if they looked our way. Half of me wanted to get the hell of out of there. The other half wanted to hear what would happen next.
Then I heard a woman's voice coming from the room.
"Stroke it for me honey. Show me how you stroke that big cock."
Her voice was low but audible and sounded like that of a young woman. It sounded like they must be doing it right behind the friggin door. Lord knows why they weren't back in the room by the bed. The guy's groans and moans became more insistent. He was obviously not going to last much longer. My tummy started to get that fluttery feeling it gets right before my pussy starts demanding attention.
"Suck it some more honey. Please," he said.
"OK I'll suck it, but you promised to cum in my face remember?" she said.
The door to the room shook and it scared the crap out of Carl and me. We realized then that the couple must be right by the door and one of them must have bumped up against it. My guess is that it was the guy; the girl must be sucking him again. The door shook again. My pussy juice was soaking my panties from the excitement.
It was then that the girl got her wish.
"Oh yes sweetie. Stroke that thing. Give me your load. Give me your fuckin' load. I want your nut all over my face. I want to walk down to the ice machine with your cum all over my fuckin' face. Would you like that honey? Would you like me walking around the hotel with your cum all over me? Give it to me now sweetheart. I can't wait."
Then there was a long minute or two where Carl and I could hear almost nothing. The door was shaking a little bit. I was imagining the guy pumping his cock right at her face. Then, she spoke again.
"Ooh God damn. Look at that cock. I can tell this is going to be a big one."
The guy started to grunt with a rhythm that could mean only one thing. He was cumming. Cumming right onto the mystery woman's face that was not four feet from where we were standing. I swear I could almost smell the spunk.
"Jesus. Oh wow. Oh my god." The girl said in a voice that was barely audible. "Yes baby. Give me your cum. Give me all of it."
It became very quiet behind the door. I could faintly make out a little whispering and giggling. Carl woke me out of my trance when he took my hand. We started back to the room like two bunnies in heat. Just then I had an inspiration. What if the girl meant it when she said she was going to the ice machine? I grabbed the ice bucket from Carl and headed the other way toward the vending room.
Carl stopped in his tracks. He was expecting us to head straight back to the room to have his own cock serviced. I was waving for him to follow me but he was waving back. No telling what the folks down in the lobby would think if they saw us waving at each other like that.
Suddenly I heard the door knob to the room start to turn. I quickly walked away towards the vending area while Carl bolted the other way towards our room.
As I walked away I heard the door open and close behind me. The footsteps behind me must be the girl. Could she still have cum on her face? I simply had to find out. Gathering my courage, I stopped and slowly turned around.
Oh my God. Oh my God. It was Becky the daughter of friends of ours. We had been to her high school graduation party less than two years ago.
Becky stopped in her tracks. The poor girl was probably mortified that she recognized me. There she stood in her bare feet wearing nothing more than a Darryl Green jersey and holding a stupid ice bucket.
What's funny about Becky is that Carl and I had used her for some awesome fantasies a couple of years earlier. Carl thought that she looked like a 10-year younger version of me. I thought she was much prettier than me. She was certainly a lot smarter. I would have never made it into UVA.
We concocted several smokin' hot fantasies featuring Becky. I pretended to be the young coed and Carl was the big man on campus or even her professor. We had a cute picture of Becky and me that we took at the graduation party. He took the picture with him on a couple of business trips. We had some blistering hot phone sex based on that photo. And now here was the real thing standing in front of me plastered in cum.
"Hi Becky."
"Uh uh hi Emily."
I could see Becky starting to loose her courage and turn back towards her room.
"Becky the ice machine is this way. Come on. I'll show it to you."
"That's OK Emily. I forgot something. I'll be umm; I'll be right back."
By this time I had walked right up to her. She tried to keep her head turned away, but I would have none of it. I gently touched her arm and said "It's so nice to see you again. Let me have a good look at you."
She slowly turned her face towards me and raised her eyes towards mine. I gasped out loud. Her face was literally drenched in cum. Two ropes of cum were in her hair at the top of her head trailing down to her forehead. Her nose was covered on both sides. A humongous gob of thick white cum coated her left cheek. A wad of cum hung from her lower lip, and a string of cum hung down from her chin.
Wow. It was the most sexual sight that I think I had ever seen: an All-American girl covered in 100% grade A, unpasteurized, thick, white, stinky baby batter. It doesn't get any better than this.
I glanced away for a moment and looked down into the lobby below. I saw kids playing and adults milling around having coffee and talking. It didn't take long to spot several friends from the neighborhood. No one seemed to be looking up at us but you never know. My mind was racing. I was too turned on to just walk away from this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. I had to go for it.
"Oh my Becky," I said as I drew nearer to her. "You look incredible. Absolutely incredible. I knew you were a very pretty girl, but I didn't know just how beautiful you could be."
Then I leaned in and gave her a peck on the right cheek, the one that was not covered in cum. Even though I could not taste it, I sure could smell it. Her entire face had that fucking nasty strong smell of freshly cut grass. It took my breath away. My knees almost buckled.
As I pulled back from the kiss, I noticed Carl standing in the hallway looking at us. I could also see the form of the guy standing in the doorway to Becky's room. He was also looking at us, but I could not make out much because of the poor lighting.
Becky tried her best to recover some composure.
"Emily this is incredibly embarrassing. I think I should explain."
I smiled back at her and decided to play along.
"OK this will be a good one. Go ahead. I'm listening."
"Well like I said it's very embarrassing."
As Becky spoke the string of cum hanging from her chin slowly stretched downwards. My eyes could not help but follow it as it plopped down on her jersey.
"George and I have this little game we play sometime. We like having sex in risky situations. Today we decided to try this. I never in a million years thought that I'd get caught like this with someone I know."
Becky started to stammer and explain further. I decided to help her out a little bit.
"Well Becky. Carl and I are getting a big thrill out of this. See Carl down there. Why don't you wave? Hey Carl."
Becky turned a darker shade of red and gave Carl a quick wave. I continued.
"I have never ever seen such a big load of cum in my life. Girl I never knew how nasty you were."
Cum from her nose started to run down to the top of her mouth. I couldn't help myself any longer.
"Here let me help clean you up girl."
I put my hand on her cheek and used my thumb to herd some cum on her nose down towards her mouth.
"Say ahhh," I instructed.
Becky parted her lips as I fed her cum from my thumb. She licked it clean like a good girl. Her hot sucking mouth made me wish my thumb was a cock. I gathered some more cum from her forehead and fed that to her as well. Damn she was sexy.
Then I decided to deal with the massive blob on her left cheek.
"I only wish your Mom and Dad could see me do this," I said as I leaned toward her face.
The smell of cum was intoxicating. I brought my lips up to the middle of the mess on her left cheek and slurped like it was an oyster on the half shell. The taste of the sperm from a man I had never seen was wicked. It had been at least five years since I had tasted any cum but Carl's. My eyes rolled and my body quivered. It was like a mini-orgasm. My mind was reeling.
I opened my eyes and looked into Becky's. I saw nothing but pure unadulterated lust. Her little experiment had paid off in ways she could not have imagined. During that look we both knew that exciting things lay ahead for us and our men.
"My God Emily. Oh my fuckin' God," she gasped. "I can't believe..."
Then I kissed her:
Right on her cumy mouth.
With my cum-covered tongue from my cumy mouth.
Right in front of Carl.
Right in front of the mystery man.
Right in front of practically the entire city of Vienna.
As our kiss ended I thought to myself: I hope the ice outside never melts.
The End
Please let me know what you think of my story. Be gentle. I'm new at this.