(Authors Note: This is the first piece I have ever attempted to write, comments, critiques, and advice are very much encouraged!)
HOW IT ALL BEGAN...
Erika is a 20 year old college student, known for her adventurous and outgoing personality. Erika is a tan, athletic girl who moved to the United States as a young girl from the Czech Republic. Erika has a fit, 120lbs frame, standing at 5'4" tall, mocha skin, supple B-cup breasts, and long, unruly brown hair as wild as her personality. Because of her European parents and upbringing, she's always had a very lackadaisical, and at times enthusiastic attitude towards nudity. Erika since a kid has a reputation for getting naked at the drop of a hat. Hot springs, sunbathing, skinny dipping, and saunas see frequent attendance from the free spirited young woman. Recently Erika and her childhood best friend Jenny went off to college together in a small town on the central coast of California. This is the beginning of a series of adventures fantasized and lusted for by Erika, and enabled by her voyeuristic partner in crime, Jenny.
Erika laid wake for another night in a row in her new studio apartment. A thought has been relentlessly plaguing her mind, to the point of her tossing and turning in her sheets nearly every night these days...
Erika has never been shy in the slightest towards nudity. She has always enjoyed any opportunity to free herself from the constraints of modesty and explore the outdoors nude. She has frequently visited locations, such as California's many hot springs, where she has been nude in front of groups of strangers at a time. But something felt like it was missing. Whether she was sunbathing at home in front of family or friends, or at a hot spring where clothing would feel out of place, Erika was beginning to crave something much deeper than a sense of freedom...
Recently, the fantasy of exhibitionism has entered Erika's mind like a plague and spread like wildfire. Every night, for seemingly months now, Erika has been up watching videos online of women walking completely nude in public, reading erotic stories and experiences of women of similar dispositions, and now she can not rid her mind of the fantasy of walking naked where nudity is not expected, being seen by complete straingers, without a thread of clothing available to her. Even worse, at this point, all of her fantasies involve setting off on any of these adventures with no way of backing down, stranding herself completely nude at the complete mercy of bystanders.
After an intolerable number of sleepless, masturbation filled nights, meditating on how exciting an experience like this must feel for those brave enough to pull the trigger, Erika decided that enough was enough. She had to know what it feels like. One of the benefits of living in this new part of the country, is that she knows for sure that not a single person will know who she is, she's free to invent a completely new name and reputation for herself.
Erika knew that even if she wanted zero safety net on a self imposed challenge of this magnitude, she needed some help. Not only to help prevent the worst of the worst from happening, but also helping her achieve her goals, and push her further. An obvious first choice was her best friend Jenny. Erika and Jenny have been best friends since childhood, and recently went off to college together. Jenny was much more the cheerleader type, long blond hair, larger breasts, and a beautiful body. The two were inseparable. Although they were both straight, they frequently sunbathed naked together, watched porn together, even have had multiple threesoms together. They shared everything about their lives, and Erika knew Jenny would serve as an enthusiastic partner in crime for her future adventures.
The next day Erika invited Jenny over for some drinks and a movie. Erika valued her independence ruthlessly. She lived in a small studio apartment in the same neighborhood as Jenny and her roommate's house they shared. Around 6pm, Jenny knocked on Erika's door, and the two caught up, gossiped, and got into some wine. Eventually, Erika worked up the courage to bring her fantasy up to Jenny.
"Sooooo, can I ask you something completely insane?" Erika asked.
"Completely insane? From you I'd be more worried if you asked me anything normal!" Jenny laughed.
"I've been just about losing my mind sitting around all summer waiting for school to start," groaned Erika.
"Fucking tell me about it," Jenny moaned.
"Well, I think I decided how I'm going to make the rest of this summer something memorable..." Erika said.
"... well?" Jenny asked, waiting for her friend to respond.
Erika, pausing for a moment in nervousness, finally spoke. "I've been having this recurring fantasy".
Suddenly, any sense of boredom was immediately wiped off of Jenny's face. She sat straight up, beaming in excitement and attentiveness as she waited on Erika to elaborate on this train of thought.
"I've been haunted non-stop of fantasies about being completely naked... In public..." Erika said.
"Not to be a buzzkill, but you get naked outside all the time," remarked Jenny sarcastically.
"No you don't understand. I mean completely naked, with no way of covering up, in a public place in front of strangers... I really think that I might be a real exhibitionist, and I've decided I need to finally explore these feelings. I was wondering if you'd be down to help me on some of my adventures?" Explained Erika.
Jenny squealing in excitement, hugged her friend. "Of course bitch! Honestly if I found out you started exploring this without involving me, I'd be PISSED!" she said.
"I knew you'd be down... There's some conditions though... Once I start, you can never give me a safety net, or protect me against anything besides violence... I think when I start I might be a pussy, so I'm gonna be counting on you to kick my ass, and help push my limits..." Erika explained.
"I am soooooo down... When do we start?" Jenny asked.
"Tomorrow seems like a beautiful day..." Erika said, beaming with excitement.
"What do you have in mind?" Asked Jenny.
"You have no idea how long I've been thinking about this..." Giggled Erika.
Erika went on to describe a public park not far from their neighborhood. The park was a large, green, beautiful park covered in green grass with plenty of trees. The parking lot was directly off of the winding, coastal 101 highway. From the parking lot, was a two mile long, one way, asphalt trail leading to a vista point overlooking the coast. Although this wasn't a highly frequented trail, there is only one way in, and one way out. Meaning if anyone else is there, she'd be forced to reveal her naked state, passing them one way or another...
Her plan was fairly simple, park in the lot, hike with Jenny to the end of the trail, strip completely naked, and allow Jenny to destroy her outfit, casting it off the edge of the vista point and cliff. This would leave Erika completely naked, no way of hiding or covering up, in public, two miles from their car. Erika knew of this spot because there is a hot spring nearby. This created a problem, because of the hot spring, this area was notorious for seeing nudists. Erika didn't want this to be a nudist adventure. She wanted it to be blatantly, and intentionally sexual. Her solution to this need came from another story she had read online. Once every piece of her clothing had been confiscated, she planned on letting Jenny handcuff her hands behind her back. This way there would be no way of covering up, and for the entire journey, she'd be at the complete mercy of Jenny and whoever came across their path... Jenny LOVED this plan...
THE NEXT DAY...
Erika woke up, exploding out of her sheets. She could barely contain herself. Her mind was flooded in a cocktail of fear, anxiety, excitement, and arousal... She couldn't believe in a few short hours she'd be hopelessly stranded naked in public.
Before Jenny arrived Erika knew she had to choose some clothing she could destroy without missing. After weighing her options, she chose a short pair of gym shorts, a tight wight tank top, and some old sandals. She stood in front of the mirror looking at herself up and down. Her outfit was fairly provocative, her nipples on clear display through the tight tank top, her torso visible about 4 inches below her breasts, and the bottom of her ass poking out from her shorts. She figured because of what she was about to do, today was no day for modesty...
Erika rooted through her nightstand, seaking the final addition to her adventure. Finally, under a few books, she found what she was looking for. A cold, metallic, unforgiving pair of handcuffs with the key clipped to them. Erika held the handcuffs out in front of her. For some reason seeing the cuffs made this more real... She was really going to do this... Just as she could feel herself getting wet, she heard a knock at the door.
Jenny was at the door, Erika was actually speechless for once in her life.
"What's wrong, you look like you've just seen a ghost!... Are you sure you want to go through with this?" Jenny inquired.
"Yes..." Erika muttered under her breath.
"I've been fantasizing about this for so long, I just can't believe I'm about to do this..." Erika said nervously.
"I fucking love you!" Jenny laughed, gabbing Erika by her cheeks and kissing her forehead.
"Let's go before you pussy out!" Jenny said, grabbing Erika by the hand and rushing her to her car.
And just like that... Erika and Jenny took off towards their goal. The trail was about 20 minutes from Erika's apartment. It was an extremely beautiful day, and Erika was loving how the sun was warming her exposed skin. The closer the two got the more Erika's excitement grew. It still didn't feel real...
Finally they parked. Erika gulped in nervousness... There were 4 cars currently in the parking lot with no one around. This meant there were people on the trail today... The two friends climbed out of the car and began hiking to the vista point. Erika was visibly nervous. The two made small talk about their upcoming freshmen year of college, the weather, and anything that wasn't the fact that Erika was about to expose herself to complete strangers. They passed two small groups of people on the way out, which only exacerbated Erika's sense of excitement and nervousness.
Finally the friends reached their destination. They were speechless, the view was unbelievable, overlooking the California coastline decorated by evergreens. The sun shimmered off the ocean, illuminating the warm waves crashing in the distance. There was no one around, the two friends had the whole vista point to themselves, time stood still...
Erika slowly turned to look at Jenny.
"Well, shall we?" Jenny asked deviantly.
Erika was visibly shaking with nervousness, but despite this felt herself getting more and more aroused by the second. Jenny stood there staring at Erika's tight, young body. Jenny pulled two items from her purse, a pair of scissors, and handcuffs, placing them on a park bench in front of Erika.
Erika felt like her heart was about to explode out of her chest, but she knew that she had to do this. She deeply craved the adventure she was about to embark upon...
Without saying a word, Erika finally broke eye contact with Jenny, walking over to the edge of the vista point, and taking in the view one more time. She takes a long, deep breath in, and reaffirms herself... "You fucking got this... you WANT this..."
With that, a shaky pair of hands slowly grips the hem of her tightly fitting tank top. Lifting up, Erika peals the tank top off of her torso, up over her shoulders, exposing her firm, tanned breasts. Erika shuttered with the sudden added sense of wind caressing her bare breasts. Her nipples instantly hardened with arousal with a newfound sense of freedom. Erika placed her tank top on the bench in front of Jenny's scissors. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught Jenny lost in trance. A 50/50 split of disbelief that Erika actually had the courage to go through with something like this, and taking in the intoxicating site of her mocha-skinned friend's exposed skin out in the open, glistening in the sunshine. Erika turned to face Jenny, her face burning red in a mixture of embarrassment and excitement. She dragged her thumbs to her hips, hooking the elastic of the tight, short running shorts. Erika looked up one last time at Jenny nervously. Finally she pushed downwards, kicking her sandals off and stepping out of her shorts, swiftly placing them down on the bench along with her tank top.
Erika and Jenny looked at each other, seemingly matching each other in a sense of disbelief. Erika was now standing in front of her friend, barefoot, and free of even one thread of clothing...
Erika felt high. Standing there nude, she felt the wind caress every inch of her body, the sun's warmth shimmered off of her bare body as she watched her best friend slowly take in her naked body, head to toe.
Jenny finally broke the silence.
"I am fucking impressed... I knew you were crazy, but for some reason I doubted you'd actually go through with this." Jenny said.
"I can't even begin to explain how I feel right now," Erika explained, beaming with pride and arousal.
Jenny could tell how turned on and nervous her friend was from the rosey, patches forming on Erika's cheeks and chest, she looked flushed, almost intoxicated looking. Knowing that this is where her part comes in, Jenny tore her eyes away from Erika's nude body, turning towards the park bench. Picking up the scissors she had brought along and the discarded items of clothing, Jenny turned to look back towards Erika. In a seemingly mocking fashion, Jenny took the scissors to the items of clothing, cutting the tank top in four pieces, her shorts in half, and sliced the foot straps clear off the sandals. Jenny made a pile out of the newly destroyed clothes, looking back up at Erika.
"Looks like there's really no turning back now!" Jenny laughed.
Erika seemed like she was lost in a trance, her fantasy was finally becoming a reality. She was now completely naked, nearly two miles away from Jenny's car on a public hiking trail. Erika stared lustfully at Jenny, feeling her body up from her hips, finally reaching her breasts, squeezing, and pinching her hard nipples, Erika felt like every molecule in her body was vibrating. She barely felt in control of her actions from this state of arousal. Erika bit her lower lip, slowly caressing her body, clearly exposed and on display to the public. Suddenly Jenny grabbed the piles of destroyed clothes, walked to the edge of the vista point, and cast the shreds of clothing off of the cliff. Erika was truely, completely, and helplessly exposed from bare foot, to the wild hair that blew freely in the light summer breeze.
Jenny smiled mischievously as she walked back towards the park bench. Out of the corner of her eye, Jenny saw that Erika was now rubbing her clit, biting her lower lip, and moaning in ecstasy. Jenny knew she had to take the next step before her naked friend climaxed and lost her sex fueled courage. Jenny picked up the handcuffs, removing the key, and placing it in her purse. She walked back towards her naked friend.
Erika made eye contact with Jenny knowing what was coming next. She reluctantly tore her hands away from her right breast and pussy. Submissively holding both hands together in front of her, Erika felt like she was about to explode. In a firm, but playful manor, Jenny grabbed her friend's hands, forced her arms behind her body, and clamped the handcuffs down on her nude friend's wrist.
That was it... Erika was now completely naked in public, handcuffed, and only one way out of this situation, back the way they came. Erika could not believe how turned on she was. She would give anything to free her hands, and make herself cum right then and there. Now there was only one thing left to do...
Jenny stood back, admiring her work. Erika returned the smile and kissed her friend passionately on the lips. Jenny seemed surprised, but by the time her eyes were open, Erika was already half walking, half skipping down the hiking trail.
They were fortunate that they had the vista point to themselves, or else Erika might have chickened out. But now the pair walked back the way they came. Erika felt her hands restrained behind her back, she felt the warm asfalt beneath her feet, and the summer breeze caressing every inch of her naked body. She could not believe what she was doing... Was she insane? The fact that she was in public re-entered her mind. She got lucky as of now, but being back on the path, the fact that so many cars were in the parking lot brought her back to reality. What if she got caught, what would she do? With no way to cover up, she knew that anyone walking the path would have an unrestricted view of her naked body, not to mention Jenny. How far would Jenny let people go? How far would Jenny go? Erika knew she had no control over the situation moving forward. This sense of feeling helpless, vulnerable, and exposed, coupled with the knowledge that anyone they come across is going to see her naked body sparked another wave of arousal to course through her body. God, I'm such a slut, Erika thought. She loved this feeling...
They walked, Jenny teased her friend, making jokes about how exposed she was, and sneaking the occasional grab of Erika's breasts. Erika responded with smiles and quiet moans, it was clear how much she was enjoying this experience.
As they progressed, giggling and teasing each other. Something pierced the peaceful tranquility of the summer breeze rustling the branches of the trees they now walked through. They heard voices... It sounded like a man and a woman, the two friends looked at each other, Jenny smiled nervously, but was met by an excited Erika biting her lip and looking back at her. She was ready for this.
As the voices got closer, Jenny took a more dominant roll by grabbing Erika by the arm and leading her along. As they turned the next corner the couple came into view. Their conversation came to a halt as their brains caught up with what their eyes were seeing. It isn't every day you come across a naked, handcuffed girl, being confidently led along a public trail. Erika was on the edge, there were now two complete strangers, and her best friend, taking in every inch of her exposed body as they walked along the path. She had been naked in front of strangers before, but there is a world of difference between her past experiences, and being the only one naked in a public place. She felt like such a slut.
The couple continued walking towards them, finally someone broke the silence. The girl spoke up, with a beaming smile on her face. "You two look like you're having fun!".
Jenny returned the smile, as the two pairs met each other in the middle of the asfalt trail. Neither Erika or Jenny knew what to say, considering the novelty of this experience.
Finally the woman broke the silence once again, "so let me guess, is this some kind of dare or something?". The couple stood there, clearly enjoying themselves, and taking in the sights.
Erika was speechless, blushing bright red, looking down at her naked body, slowly rubbing her thighs together. Luckily Jenny was there to speak for her.
"Yes actually!" Jenny smiled back, still holding Erika by the arm, presenting her to the couple.
"But that isn't the crazy part... This was actually her idea! If you look close, you can see how much she's enjoying it" Jenny giggled, shoving Erika out in front of her towards the couple.
Erika was shocked at first, she felt exposed. Completely and totally exposed. The vulnerability of her situation started to turn her on even more. Now blushing, giggling, and smiling at the young couple invitingly, Erika was naked and handcuffed two feet from complete strangers taking every opportunity to appreciate every inch of her beautiful, toned body.
Finally the man spoke, "If you ask me both of you look like you're having a good time!"
"You can touch her if you want!" Jenny smiled mischievously.
Erika's eyes just about exploded out of her head, still blushing. The couple looked at each other, the young woman smiled in encouragement and looked back at Erika. "Do you mind?", the woman asked Erika. Erika was too lost in her feelings and arousal to form a sentence, but nodded up and down, submissively back with a lustful look in her eye.
Before she could blink, Erika had two pairs of hands on her nude body. Firmly squeezing her breasts, grabbing her ass, and gently teasing her pussy. Erika was absolutely purring, looking down on every inch of her defenseless nude body being felt up by the couple. The couple giggled, and looked playfully back at each other for approval, clearly enjoying playing with the naked girl.
Erika began swaying back and forth, leaning into their firm grasps and squeezes. She felt like she was about to absolutely explode, her mind was in overdrive trying to make sense of all of these crazy feelings. She could feel it, with every pinch of the nipple, grab of her ass, and rub of her clit, she creeped closer and closer to climax. Her body felt like it was vibrating. She started to moan and drool as she neared the point of no return. Just then the couples hands departed her writhing, stunning body. Breathing heavily, Erika looked up at the couple, almost predatorily, craving more. The area around her pussy and upper thighs shimmered in the sunlight with how wet she was.
"I think we've distracted you two on your journey about enough!" the woman said, licking Erika's wetness off her finger. The couple wished them the best of luck, smiling from ear to ear, departing down the trail.
Erika and Jenny stared at each other in disbelief. Erika, still standing nude in the middle of the asfalt trail.
"Jenny p-please..." Erika stammered, still breathing heavily.
"I need to cum, i'll do anything..." Erika pleaded.
Jenny thought for a second, still in disbelief of what just happened, staring at her flushed, naked best friend looking back at her longingly. "Nope!" Jenny exclaimed, snapping out of her trance. The last thing Jenny wanted was for Erika to cum, and start having better judgement. Plus, she was having far more fun than she expected teasing her nude toy in public.
"Don't worry, you'll get to cum, but only when I say you can" Jenny said, leaning in and planting a kiss on Erika's cheak.
"Now get a move on slut!" Jenny said playfully, smacking Erika on the ass.
Erika shuttered in pleasure. Any touch, any carrass, even the breeze against her now glistening, slightly sweaty skin was nearly orgasmic to Erika in her current state. She was helpless, first physically, but now mentally. She was entranced by her own arousal. Even the warm asfalt below her feet sent waves of pleasure up her body.
The two marched along, they had about a mile left to go before reaching the parking lot. Erika after a while calmed down just enough to begin to form words once again. Erika tried to describe how she was feeling to her friend, combinations of arousal, nervousness, excitement, helplessness, and freedom were like nothing else she had ever felt before.
"Jenny... Thank you so much for helping me do this." Erika said.
Finally the two reached the parking lot, but Erika was far from safe. Now, in the even larger area of the parking lot, in the open. Between the gaps in trees, the 101 Highway could clearly see portions of the parking lot, so any passerby had a great chance of seeing her. The two made it to the car without incident. Erika, still a hot mess, biting her lip, looking longingly at her friend, wondered if and how she'd still be allowed to cum. She knew if she had her hands freed, she'd undoubtably lose control and make herself cum right there in the middle of the parking lot. Jenny looked over to Erika.
"Well! That was incredible... I can't believe we already made it back!" Jenny exclaimed, pulling her car keys from her pocket and unlocking the car.
"But before I let you go... I have one last surprise for you, but you can't see, so turn around!" Jenny demanded.
Erika complied, wondering what it could be. Lost in thought, still swimming in her own arousal, she looked back towards the trail they had just come from. She couldn't help but think, what if someone else walked down the trail right now and saw her in her current state. She was almost disappointed that the parking lot was empty, she craved more attention. Maybe she really was the exhibitionist slut she always fantasized of being.
"uuuh, Jenny-" Erika was cut off mid sentence.
Before she could ask what was going on she was interrupted by a neatly folded bandana being swiftly placed over her eyes, and tied firmly behind her head. She was blind. She couldn't see anything. As if she couldn't feel any more blissfully exposed and vulnerable, she had her sight taken away.
"Don't worry... I didn't forget what I promised you." Jenny whispered in her friend's ear.
"JENNY!!... I... Wait... What are you doing with me?" Erika asked nervously.
"Don't worry, I think you'll like this..." Jenny said.
With that Jenny grabbed the helpless Erika by the arm once again, and started walking up the parking lot towards the edge of the highway. Erika obediently went along, trying to figure out what her friend's end game was. Not knowing only managed to turn Erika even more. She was so helpless. She loved it.
A car passed along the highway, Erika heard this and started putting two and two together of where she was being led. "No..." she thought. It was clear whatever exposure she still craved, she was about to get. The girls quickly reached the end of the parking lot as Erika felt a hand tightly grab her breast. "Mmmmmm", she moaned under her breath. Jenny's hand pushed her slightly backwards, putting her ass against the warm, metal guard rail that lined the highway next to the parking lot. Erika now had a sense of how exposed she was. Any car that passed would clearly see her, blindfolded and handcuffed, naked and squirming in pleasure.
Erika felt her friends hand tightly grab her right thigh, spreading her legs, and placing it on top of the guard rail. With lack of sight, Erika's senses were in overdrive. She could hear every leaf blowing across the highway, every touch almost sent her over the edge. Jenny's hand slowly traveled down her thigh, finally meeting her clit, giving her pussy the attention she was so desperate for. "Fuckkkk yesssssss" Erika moaned.
She finally heard it. Just as she felt the lead up to the orgasm she had been waiting so lustfully for, she heard the unmistakable sound of tires traveling over cement. She wanted to panic. She was so exposed. What if the car stopped? What if it was a police officer? What would they think about the naked slut getting fingered on the side of the road?
Too late, Erika's body had been thirsting for release for so long now, that the first orgasm hit fast, and hit hard. Waves of ecstasy started to radiate from her pussy, across her entire body. She would have fallen over if her friend wasn't there holding her up. "OH FUCK!" Erika screamed. The yell echoed off of a nearby cliff. The tire's noise drew closer. Just at the peak of her climax, Erika made out the sound of the car passing. It slowed down, and honked in approval as it passed. By the time Erika was able to process the fact that she had been stripped, handcuffed, and blindfolded on the side of the highway, cumming in front of who knows how many strangers, the second orgasm hit. "YES YES YES FFFFFFUUUUUUCK!" Erika cried in pleasure. She had never in her life experienced an orgasm this strong. It was like every fantasy she had ever had converged onto one moment. Erika gushed from her pussy onto her friend's hand, moving swiftly over her clit.
Erika finally felt her leg being placed back down on to the ground and her hands pulled back towards Jenny. With a metallic click, Erika's hands were suddenly free. Erika collapsed onto the ground in front of the railing, still writhing in ecstasy, feeling up every sweaty inch of her exposed body, still handcuffed on one hand, as her final orgasm finally subsided. She slowly reached up, freeing her eyes from the blindfold, and looking up at Jenny.
"...That was... Amazing... I can't even..." Erika stammered.
Jenny: "I know... I saw how powerful that was for you" *she said reassuringly*
Jenny reached down, and grabbed her sweaty, naked, mess of a friend by the arm and pulled her to her feet. Jenny was right about one thing. Now that the orgasm had been achieved, a sense of nervousness re-entered Erika's body like a tidal wave, just as another vehicle passed. It was a fully loaded tour bus, destined for one of the local wineries in the area. Erika stood like a deer in headlights as the passengers stared in disbelief, seeing her standing there naked, still with one wrist handcuffed, hair an absolute mess, and body still completely flushed from the experience she was coming down from.
The girls laughed and screamed, as they sprinted back to the safety of the car. Erika finally freed her other wrist from the restraints as Jenny rummaged through the back of her car. Jenny pulled out a large, ratty t-shirt and handed it to Erika. Erika swiftly placed it over her head, marking the end of her first adventure. The t-shirt barely covered the bottom of her ass, but it felt relieving knowing she was covered again.
Erika was hooked... For the whole car ride back Erika subtly played with her pussy under the shirt, as she explained in length how much this experience meant to her. This was more than she could have ever hoped to achieve from staring at a dimly lit computer screen, living vicariously through another woman she voyeured on the internet. Risk and reputation be damned, this was a huge part of Erika's life now. She knew from this moment on there was no going back.
Once they got back to her apartment, Erika thanked her friend again for this experience.
"Round two soon?" Erika asked excitedly.
"Of course!! Just let me know how I can be of assistance," Jenny said, grabbing a fist full of Erika's hair, pulling her in and planting a final, passionate kiss on her lips.
With that, Erika rushed back up to the safety of her apartment, immediately tearing the oversized shirt off her sweaty body, and bringing herself to climax again on her living room floor.
Erika discovered a part of herself that she could only ever dream of today. It's like an entirely new world had just opened up in front of her. The only question was... What next?