Raymond a high powered lawyer in New York City had a private investigator following his wife for over three months. He suspected she was cheating. She appeared distant lately and was not interested in sex with him, always complaining about female problems, as a way to get out of having sexual relations.
Ray was concerned about her health, requesting she receive a complete physical to insure she has no major ailment. He called the doctor after her physical. The Doctor told Ray she was in perfect health.
Laughing the doctor told Ray, "You shouldn't have relations with your wife before she goes to the doctor."
Ray didn't have sex with her for at least a month, thus confirming she is fooling around.
It took the PI another three months to obtain proof of Caroline's infidelity and who she was seeing. Ray was livid when he learned his wife's friend with benefits was an entry level lawyer from another law firm in the city. As soon as the PI brought the manila envelope with the damning information to Ray, he called his wife Caroline, leaving a message for her to get dressed tonight, as they were going out on the town. Ray told her to wear her very best dress and their driver will pick her up at 4:30 tonight.
Raymond was a very wealthy lawyer in NYC. They had a house on Long Island and a winter home in Florida. Caroline and Ray met while they were in college at UConn; he tutored Caroline in a few subjects she needed help. Ray was completing his last year of law school and Caroline was completing her second year of college. Finding they had similar interests, they became an item. Marrying a year after Caroline graduated from college. They had two sons in college presently. The young men are 20 and 22 years old. Ray is 53 years old and Caroline is 46 years old. The couple has been married 23 years.
Ray admits Caroline is still a striking woman even after 2 kids and over forty-five, but he can't condone her cheating. Ray keeps himself in shape going to the gym and karate training, being a black belt. He has gotten her anything she wanted. He doesn't understand why she humiliated him, being attracted to a lawyer 30 years old. Tonight he will turn the tables on her. She will become his fantasy wife or be his ex-wife with none of the comforts she has presently, as she signed a prenuptial agreement before they were wed.
Caroline didn't want to go out on the town with her husband tonight. She would rather sneak a date with William her 30-year-old friend. She prepared for the night as instructed by her husband. Ray will most likely bring me to a boring party, she thought. Caroline took a good two hours getting ready with the intention; she will be the best looking lady at the party, with the most expensive outfit and jewels. Caroline was coming down the stairs as the limo pulled up for her, priding herself on being punctual even though she was sure she would be bored to death with her husband's cronies.
The chauffer stood at the door ready to escort her to the Limo. Caroline retrieved her wrap and she accompanied the chauffeur to the car, as he opened the door for her, he admired the mature woman's lovely legs. She entered the limo wishing she were going anywhere, instead of another boring evening with her husband and his friends. The Chauffeur drove her into the city to pick up her husband in light conversation during the trip.
The chauffeur made a phone call just as he arrived on the street of the law office. He told Ray they would be at the office building in ten minutes. Stopping in front of the building they did not have to wait a minute and Ray appeared. He had a sad expression on his face, carrying a large manila envelope. Ray entered the limo, trying to kiss Caroline on the lips, but she turned and he kissed her cheek, as a sign to him she did not want to go out tonight. She was curious about the contents of the envelope. He did not say anything about it to her. Ray told the driver to proceed to 42nd Street.
"You made me dress up to go to 42 Street?" Said Caroline in anger.
"You will understand in a short time, my dear." Said Ray with conviction.
"I hope we are not going to meet your boring friends tonight as usual." Said Caroline.
"You will not be bored tonight my dear." Said Ray as he opened the envelope, he showed Caroline the pictures and she turned white.
"Caroline can you explain these pictures for me please?" Ray said with a sad look on his face almost in tears.
The pictures showed Caroline naked in bed with her legs spread and playing with her pussy, while a young man was watching. Other photos showed her having intercourse and oral sex with the same young man. It pained Ray, he had to beg for a Blow Job and she gave them too him reluctantly. Looking at the photos Ray could see the pleasure in her face with the younger man's cock in her mouth.
"I am so sorry." Caroline said to Ray her face red with shock and embarrassment.
"You have two chooses my dear. You can choose to get a divorce from me. This means; you will get nothing, but the clothes on your back, for the humiliation you have caused me. The other option to become a woman of my fantasies, but I had too much respect for you to discuss this with you before tonight; you will be allowed to have the luxury you have become accustomed to, with a few exceptions. You have five minutes to decide." Said Ray.
"What are the exceptions?" Asked Caroline very nervously, trying to buy time.
"You will do as you are told, to remain my wife. You have four minutes to decide." Said Ray.
"Please, Ray can't we talk about this?" Said Caroline.
"There is nothing to talk about either you're going to be my fantasy wife, or you're going to be my impoverished ex-wife." Said Ray.
Looking at his watch Ray said. "You have another minute to decide my dear."
Caroline could not bear to lose the life style she has become accustomed to. She did not have any marketable skills, except being a waitress, as she married Ray right after she graduated from college with a degree in music appreciation. He is a partner in his father's law firm. Why did she think she could hide this affair from her husband? Caroline is upset with her friends, for telling her about their escapades with young men, while being married to rich men, talking her into the affair with William. The reality of the situation hit her. She has to submit to Ray's wishes or lose her status in the community.
Ray is very glad his father required him to have Caroline sign a prenuptial before he married her. At the time Ray was mad at his father for requiring the prenuptial, if he wanted to be partner in his father's very lucrative law firm.
"I will do it." She whispered almost crying.
"I didn't hear you." Said Ray sternly.
"I will do anything you ask of me." She said louder this time.
"Spoken as a wife who is true to her husband," Said Ray sarcastically.
They were nearing a crowd of people on 42cd Street. Ray told the chauffeur, "Pull over near the crowd congregating on the sidewalk."
It was almost 7 pm with people walking the streets going to some of the offerings of the area. In the back of the limo a black car with tinted windows pulled up. Ray hired the PI with 4 other men to act as security detail to insure his wife will be safe during the coming exposure.
"What is the size of your clothes, my dear" Ray asked Caroline.
"They are size 8. Why do you ask?" Said Caroline.
Without answering her question Ray exited the Limo, went around to his wife's side of the car, opened the door for her, requested she exit the vehicle and accompanies him. He looked at his wife sadly, he can't comprehend why she disrespected him, they have been married a long time, and if she was unhappy she should have gone to him to discuss the challenge, to see if they could work it out.
Looking at his wife he admired her features, getting a peek at her panty covered pussy, as she exited the car. Reaching for her hand, he was still in conflict with his emotions ,on one hand he wanted to punish her for her betrayal, on the other he was deeply in love with her. He knows he was going through with his plan, when he realized he was turned on by the thought of his wife being exposed.
Security formed a perimeter around the couple to insure their safety.
Ray raised he voice saying, "Any woman who wears a size 8, please step forward."
The people on the sidewalk stopped and looked toward Ray as he spoke. About 15 women, some alone, others accompanied by men came toward Ray.
He asked, "How many women like the outfit the woman is wearing?"
"Caroline, model the outfit for the ladies please." Said Ray.
She removed her wrap, handed it to her husband and strutted around for them, confused as to what her husband tried to accomplish with her walking around displaying her outfit.
"This isn't so bad", she thought walking back and forth among the assembled group.
"How much do you think this outfit costs?" Said Ray to the group of women handing the wrap back to his wife.
The women were shouting the cost of the outfit surmising it was some kind of theatrical stunt for publicity.
Ray said "I will have the woman walk down the line. I want you to shout out the cost of her outfit. Caroline I want you to stop in front of the person closest to the amount the outfit cost."
As Caroline walked down the line women were shouting out numbers. She stopped in front of a young woman closest at 2,100.00 dollars the outfit she had on was actually 2,298.00 dollars.
"Ok, Caroline, remove the outfit and give it to woman." Said Ray with a nasty smile.
"You want me to strip on the sidewalk and give her the outfit?" The mature wife said in panic.
During this exchange between Ray and his wife, security kept a watchful eye on the assembled group, they kept their charges in the perimeter.
"What am I going to wear?" She said in total shock and embarrassment.
"Stop debating with me and give the girl your outfit." Said Ray impatiently.
The distraught wife cried as she removed her outer garments in the street in front of almost a hundred people. Caroline removed her wrap and gave it to the young woman. After removing her top and skirt, she was standing in her bra, panties, pantyhose, shoes and jewelry. I must look very ridiculous to all the people here, she thought crying.
Caroline thought she was done he would not go any further he had shown her, he was boss.
Ray looked at her and smiled "Doesn't she look lovely in her undergarments?" He said.
Everyone hollered their agreement.
The guards had their eyes on the crowd; after the guards assessed the situation assured there will be no trouble, they gave the go ahead to Ray.
One of the guards addressed the crowd, "stay calm and the show will continue."
Ray called the chauffeur, "Please take all Caroline's jewelry accept her diamond and wedding band and deposit them in the safe."
The distraught woman removed her jewelry handing them the Limo driver.
"Would you want the show to go on?" Ray asked the crowd assembled.
The answer was deafening chanting, "We want to see more." And, "Take it off."
"We will have the ladies bid on everything, but woman's shoes and remaining jewelry." Said Ray as he smiled at Caroline.
She couldn't believe he was going to have his wife naked in public it is just a bluff, she thought. She was going along with the gag. Ha Ha! She thought, as she walked down the line, she listened to the bids. A lady in her fifties was closest. She stopped in front of her.
"This lady guessed the correct price of $547.00. Give her the money Ray." Said Caroline.
"I will tell you what I want done. You're in no position to give orders, my love. Remove everything but your shoes, my dear and give them to the winner." Said Ray with a satisfied smile on his face. As he wanted to humiliate his wife, as she has humiliated him for cheating on him.
Caroline was mortified she has never been naked in front of 3 people, let alone almost one hundred people. Ray walked up in back of her, as she was facing the crowd in an utter state of frozen animation, and unsnapped her bra. She put her hands up to her breasts as a reflex action. He removed her bra and gave it to the woman.
"Now remove the rest as you have 5 minutes and the car is leaving." Said Ray.
In a numbed state Caroline removed her pantyhose and shoes, giving the pantyhose to the woman and slipping her shoes back on. She could not bring herself to remove her panties. Caroline was silently crying. She wished she hadn't been caught being unfaithful. What was she thinking she should have never taken up with William in the first place she realizes presently?
"Remove the panties now. If I remove them, you will be required to walk naked for 3 blocks." Said Ray as he counted to 10, she did not move, so he went in back of her and removed her panties. The crotch band was soaking wet. Ray gave the panties to the woman. Then he reached between Caroline's legs and felt her pussy, she was very wet. He could see the moisture running down her legs from her vagina.
Ray called two of the guards to her, he wanted them pick up Caroline while staying within the perimeter.
"What are you doing to me, haven't you done enough already?" cried Caroline.
"Just one last thing, my love and you can take your 3 block walk. I want everyone to see how wet you are, so they won't think I am forcing you, as you want to do it." Ray said and told the men to spread her legs for everyone to see how wet she was.
A man on each side of her, picked her up and spread her legs, she could feel the cool air on her pussy. People were coming very close to her. They were seeing everything she had; she cried she was so embarrassed. Ray humiliated her and she deserves it for her betrayal of him. After what seemed like 3 hours they let her down. The Two men asked Ray if they could have a look at her pussy and Ray made her spread for them and the two other guards.
Ray entered the limo and had the driver move the vehicle very slowly down the road. Caroline walked right beside it. With the guard moving the crowd back away from Ray's naked wife. Tears of humiliation ran down her face along with her makeup. In her mind's eye, Caroline saw thousands of people on the block all looking at her. It was the longest walk she ever took and she was the most humiliated in her life thus far for sure. Stunned people watched the naked woman walk down the sidewalk, as guards moved the crowd away from her. Some people thought it was a stunt for a show. She arrived at the third block and tried enter the Limo.
Ray rolled down the window telling her. "Let everyone see your pussy and I will let you in the Limo."
Crying uncontrollably his wife did as she was told. She bent way over at the waist; spread her legs as wide as she could, she reached between her legs and opened her pussy, gave all who cared to look an unobstructed view of her flower of life. After she maintained the humilating position for about 5 minutes, He opened the door and had his humiliated wife enter the limo.
Ray instructed the driver to bring them home. He had his wife sit in the middle of the limo her legs straddled the hump and played with Caroline's pussy all the way home. At this point she didn't care if the driver saw her spread pussy in the back seat. She cried hysterically and could not stop, but Ray stroked her pussy this made her feel better. Caroline cried because she cheated on her husband. She deserved everything she got from him tonight she thought.
Arriving at the house Raymond instructed the driver to park in the street. The chauffeur opened the door for Caroline to exit the Limo; she could not keep her modesty exiting the vehicle to the delight of the driver. He could see her moist pussy open as she put her foot on the curb to exit. Her pink lips looked inviting as the Limo driver helped her to her feet. Looking up their eyes locked as he gave her his hand to the naked woman.
Ray came around the limo and offered his arm to his naked wife; they walked up the drive to the house arm in arm. The couple arrived home after dark. Their house was semiprivate; unless some of the neighbors were in their yards they wouldn't see Caroline nude, as she walked to her front door. This sent a chill up Caroline's spine to think she could be seen in her own neighborhood nude. She managed to get to the house. Once inside she was very horny, but Ray just went to his study still very upset his wife cheated on him. She went to the master bedroom and cried uncontrollably for her actions.
Chapter 2
The episode 2 weeks ago was almost forgotten by Caroline. She did not dare go to see her young lover, she called William told him it was a mistake, she ended the relationship with him, as she wants to mend her marriage with Raymond. Caroline has been the perfect wife, she cooked for Ray, instead of the servants. Dressed in sexy outfits for him, which captured his attention, their sex life was revived. Caroline was very happy presently, but very sad she cheated on Raymond. He always worked so hard for the family. She was very sorry she hurt her husband and doesn't know why she listened to her friends in the first place.
It was the beginning of summer and both the boys will be home from college for the summer. They both took medical related subjects in college, but they may not be doctors. In fact they both had jobs for a medical research facility called Institute of Human Research (IHR) on Long Island this year thanks to one of their father's clients.
Raymond came home early. He told Caroline to go up to the bedroom and put on something sexy, as it will be the last night alone, before the boys are home for the summer. He told all the servants to take the night off. She gladly did what she was told as she had a premonition she would be very satisfied by morning.
Caroline took a shower, shaved her light brown pubic hair into a nice tight heart pointing to her pussy. She dressed in red lingerie, coming 2 inches below the juncture of her legs. Looking at the panties that goes with the lingerie, she decided against them, as she felt the garment would be in the way. Dabbing some perfume behind her ears, on her 36d breasts and some in her pubic hair. Donning her red sandals, she was ready to knock her husband dead with her appearance.
Coming down the stairs, walking into her husband's study as he was talking on the phone, crawling between his legs, giving her husband a welcome surprise, unbuckling his belt, unbuttoning his pants, pulling down the zipper. Still talking on the phone her husband stood up, so she could remove his pants and underwear both at once. She took his cock into her mouth, causing him to sit back down in surprise. She lovingly played with his sack, as she feed more of his cock into her mouth. He was delighted with her enthusiasm as she deep throated him. He lost his train of thought as he talked on the phone with his father, while being pleasured by his wife.
He moaned this caused his father to ask if he was alright. Ray moaned saying he will have to call back in the morning to discuss the brief, He disconnected the call before his father could continue the conversation. Ray told his wife he was ready to cum. She deep throated him; this caused him to shoot rope after rope of come down her throat. He was amazed at how good a cocksucker she has become. Before she disliked sucking cock, and she never initiated oral sex, Ray always had to beg her for a BJ, now she has cultivated a taste for cock and cum.
Ray didn't want Caroline to be left high and dry, so Ray helped his wife up and sat her on the desk in front of him. He helped her put her feet on the arms of his chair. She was spread out in front of him for easy access to her femininity. He proceeded to kiss her legs; he began at her knees and kissed his way up to her pussy, licked her pussy lips and sucked on them. He did the same to her other inner thigh, licked and kissed his way up to her pussy lip and sucked it into his mouth. She pushed her pubic mound to his face. She tried to get her clit rubbed or licked she was so hot. Ray started to suck her clit as he pushed 3 fingers of his right hand into her pussy as far as he could, while he used his left hand to rub his wife's breasts, pulled on her nipples, the action made her moan.
He took her clit into his mouth and sucked on it while exploring her pussy with his fingers. She pushed her pussy to his mouth and she came all over his face. He kept on eating her until she pushed him away. Ray let her rest for a while, before he stood up from his chair and rammed his cock into her. This is the first time he has recharged in a short time. It usually takes him as least an hour to be ready again, but his wife turned him on more than she has done in many years. Today he pumped into her feminine swamp for all he was worth. He shot his load into her as she had a massive orgasm.
He fell back onto his chair looking at the open pussy of his wife which leaked their combined cloital fluids. Ray was amazed how lovely his wife's pussy looked just fucked. She was opened for a visual inspection of her flower of life.
Getting up in the morning Caroline remembered the great night of lovemaking they had. Ray was up before Caroline he was in his study whistling. Caroline went into the study and said good morning giving her husband a kiss. He smiled at her and handed her a Manila envelope. She opened it and found more pictures of her infidelity with an application form to be a study subject at IHR on Long Island about 10 miles from their home.
"What do you want me to do with this?" She asked fearing what the answer was going to be.
"I want you to apply for one of the positions." He told her.
She looked over the form it asked very personal questions about their sex life and what they taught their kids about sex. If she likes to masturbate, and have oral sex, does her partner ejaculate in her mouth? She was very embarrassed to answer all the questions let alone go and apply. Ray did not want to hear any of her complaints he wanted her to fill out the application. He told her she would go to the institute on Monday morning and apply for a position.
No more was said about it all weekend as their sons came home for the summer and the family hung around the pool. They went out to dinner at night to celebrate the boys' achievement, they made the honor roll.
Monday morning on the way out the door Ray kissed Caroline good-bye and told her he expected her to go to the institute with her application.
"What if they don't accept me?" Caroline asked.
"As long as you apply is all I am asking you to do if they don't need you it is OK." Said Ray, closing the door behind him.
Their two sons were going to their job interview today. They came down stairs all dressed up. Boy, do they look handsome, she thought, just like their father accept taller over six feet. Both had breakfast and were out the door for their 9 am meeting it was one of her husband's clients hiring them; she paid little attention about the organization.
It was a little after 10 in the morning she looked at the application. She could put if off no longer, she would have to call. She dialed the number shaking.
It rang and a male voice answered, "This is IHR, how can I help you."
"Yes." She barely choked out. "I would like to put in an application. I have the paperwork already."
Fine, come in this afternoon at 2:15 with your application Ms., giving her directions." Said the voice on the other end of the line and then it went dead.
Caroline could do nothing right during the morning. She was so nervous she was shaking. What would she have to do? To calm down she convinced herself, they wouldn't need her. She spent the morning dressing and re dressing for her appointment. She finally decides on a skirt, top, bra and panties, with sandals.
At 2:10 Caroline parked her car in the lot of the institute. She walked up the stairs, with the thought, she would to be sick and had to find a rest room, she found the front office, she felt a little better, as she knew they wouldn't need her.
A young man at the desk about the age of her younger son asked. "May I help you?"
Caroline said, "I called this morning, here is my application."
He looked over the application and had her fill out a few things she missed. Rudy, the name on his nametag, told her to have a seat and they would be with her in a few minutes.
Trying to read a book to get her mind off where she was. Caroline was startled when she heard her name called. Another young man had her follow him into large room with little cubicles. Her mind was reeling, what type of testing are they doing she thought. She followed him to an area, set up as a photo studio. The young man explained they needed pictures of her to add to her application. He had her stand on a mark and he took 10 pictures of her from different angles.
"Thank you; we will call you if we think we can use you." He said and led her out to the waiting room.
She became all worked up for nothing; she scolded herself, as she drove back home. Ray came home and asked Caroline, if she applied at IHR. She said she did and they will call her if they have an opening for her. This placated her husband.
Her sons are excited with their job, they told their parents when asked, but said they could not talk about their exact duties.
Caroline did not think about the institute again, until the phone rang 4 weeks later and she was told to report to the institute, for another interview. She figured it would to be just like last time, so she dressed the same way skirt, top, bra and panties. They wanted to see her in two hours she had plenty of time to get there. As it was only 10 miles away.
Driving to the institute she was not as nervous as she was the last time. She parked her car, ran up the stairs and went to the front desk as before. The same young man was there and he remembered her. He crossed off her name and thanked her for coming so, quickly, as they had a cancellation from one of the ladies. Caroline sat down and read a magazine, while she waited for her name to be called.
"Caroline" a male voice called.
He brought a packet to her telling her, "Please look over the document and sign on the line provided before we continue."
It was a document to give IHR permission to use Caroline as a study subject. She read the document and signed it, noting her husband was the lawyer who composed the document. She knew her husband would be angry with her if she refused.
The young man took the signed documents saying, "Right this way, please."
She rose from the chair and followed him. This time when she went through the door into the large room she looked from side to side and saw many naked women in the cubicles. Most looked embarrassed and tried to cover their nudity. She was getting scared, would they ask her to strip nude like the other women?
The young man brought her to a different area. It had cameras, but had an added feature an exam table. The young man introduced himself as Sam. He will be taking pictures of her for the doctors, to see if they could use her in the study.
In the corner of the room was a small area with lockers. Sam was adjusting the cameras and the lighting.
"I will be ready for you in about 5 minutes. You can remove all your clothes and put them in the locker in the corner." He told Caroline in a bored tone of voice.
She was stunned. "Why do I have to remove all my clothes for the tests? You didn't do that last time." She asked.
"We will be doing measurements of you for the study to see if you fit our parameters." Said the young photographer.
Caroline had no choice, she would have to go through with this or face her husband's wrath. She walked to the lockers, slowly unbuttoned her blouse, removed it, and hung the garment in the locker. Her skirt came next it was hung in the locker. She was left with her bra and panties.
What will happen to her? What type of testing or parameters will they look for? All these questions are going through her mind. Caroline took a deep breath, reached behind her, unhooking her bra and neatly folding it putting it in the locker. She turned around and faced the young photographer with her arms crossed over her breasts trying to keep her modesty the best she can under the circumstances, leaving her panties on, waiting until he was ready for her.
The young man looking in her direction, and motioning for her to toe the line on the floor, choking back tears and with her eyes watering she removed her last vestige of modesty, her panties. With Herculaneum effort she hooked her thumbs in each side of her panties and starting to pull them down. The young man is watching her intently as she is performing her reluctant striptease for him. Caroline put her head down as the panties reached the floor, picking the intimate garment up and putting them with the rest of her clothes. Her face was the reddest it has ever been in her lifetime. What else could possibly happen to her, which will make her more humiliated than she is presently? A young man barely old enough to be her older son is steering at her, as she is standing in front of him completely nude.
Walking over to the line he pointed to, Caroline kept an arm across her breasts and the other hand in front of her pubic area. She took a deep breath trying to relax and then put her hands to her sides. Closing her eyes and not being able to look directly at the young photographer taking her pictures. The pictures were the same as she had taken the first time in her clothes. Completing the photo shoot telling her to sit on the exam table to wait for the next part of the assessment.
Caroline was sitting on the exam table in deep thought, with her head down, her hands between her legs, to conceal her flower of life, from the young men walking by the room. She did not see or hear the two young men who came into the cubicle from behind. The young men looking at the paperwork they had on the lady they were there to assess. The young men did not see who she was, as study subjects are known only by first name with a number. Caroline and the two young men made eye contact almost at the same time and were stunned to recognize each other.
"Mom what are you doing here?" Her two sons said at once.
Caroline was too humiliated to do anything, she looked at her two sons and turned white. She did not even give it a thought they were working here. Caroline presently is very angry with her husband. She jumped off the exam table, not mindful she is completely naked in front of her two sons; she retrieved her cell phone in her purse. Her two sons just watched her all the while in wonderment for her beauty.
Dialing Ray's Cell and when he answers, she cries. "What are you doing to me Ray having me be a study subject for our boys?"
"They need to know about women Caroline, so I thought you would be the perfect instructor, seeing you like younger men." Ray said triumphantly.
"I can't go through with it having my sons do the testing. Ray it is humiliating to be with complete strangers, but to have my own sons examine me this is mortifying." Said Caroline.
"Sorry my dear, but you will go through with it and anything else they tell you to do. Do you understand?" Said Ray sternly.
Defeated, "Yes," Was all she could say as she slammed the cell in her husbands ear.
"Can we get started now Mom." Her older son Clarke asked.
"Do you really want to do this to your mother?" She asked.
Collin answered for both of them. "Yes, mom it is our job to do the assessment of the study subjects."
Caroline was stunned, her own sons will be doing the testing today. Well if Ray wants his sons to see their mother nude, then she had no choice but to be nude. She dropped her arms to her sides. Collin told her to arch her back and he took measurements of her breasts. The sag of her breasts, and then he asked her how old she was. It was making Caroline angry as the boys know how old she is.
"I am 46 years old as you already know." Caroline said pulling her shoulders back to accent her breasts. Her son marked her chart noting what she just did.
"I will help you put your feet in the stirrups now, Mom?" said Clarke as she slid down.
Both young men are looking at their mother completely naked and spread she was very embarrassed and wet. The young men proceeded to take measurements of her vaginal area the length of her vaginal lips. Clarke pulled on one of her lips as Collin measured it. Collin pulled on her mother's other vaginal lip as Clarke measured. The depth to her to her cervix was measured with an instrument that looked like a dildo to their mother, and the diameter of her pussy was measured. The young men take turns measuring, checking and rechecking their journal entries. Her breasts were measured in the reclining position.
By the time Caroline's sons completed her assessment she was in the exam position for an hour with many different young men coming in to talk with Collin and Clarke. They introduced their Mother to all who came in the room.
When they finished with her assessment, Colin helped his mother off the exam table. She was relieved this awful experience was over starting to go to the locker and her clothes to dress. Clarke stopped her telling her, she had to remain nude while her sons show her around the facility. Caroline resigned to the fact she will have to do what she is told to maintain her life style, followed her sons through the testing facility, she was shown the rooms where different testing will be done.
When she asked, "What is this room used for?"
Clarke said, "We will tell you if you are chosen for the testing."
Clarke and Collin proudly introduced their nude mother to the Head of IHR a Doctor Lombard, who thanked Caroline for agreeing to be a study subject.
"My pleasure," she stated while thinking she had no choice.
Caroline was accompanied to the locker room to dress. Her sons stayed with her as she dressed. They thanked her; she stayed to be evaluated for the program, as it would have been detrimental to their employment if she refused. She was amazed she has become comfortable dressing in front of her sons. Her boys walked her to the car saying we will see you tonight.
Driving home Caroline does not know if she can continue if they call her back. Upset she enjoyed her exposure. Mad at her husband he set her up to be nude in front of her sons. She arrived home and went to the pool to relax. The servants are preparing dinner for her family tonight.
Ray came home early finding his wife by the pool, "How was your day today dear?" he asked with a knowing smile.
"You know very well how my day went, you bastard knowing our sons would see me nude." She said angry with him.
Ray snapped, "You whore around, I still take you back and I am the bastard. Get out of here I will call a taxi for you."
Ray was scaring her she started to cry, "I am sorry Ray, please, let me stay. I will do anything you ask."
Looking at his wife he has a soft spot for her and really does not want her to leave debating what he wanted. Ray smiled and Caroline felt better.
I will be back and he went to the pool house where they have a dressing room, he put on his suit. He ran to the pool and jumped in. He swan around for a few minutes and then came to the side of the pool looking at his wife with a smile on his face.
She returned the smile saying, "I am very sorry for being angry you're right I would not be in this situation if I didn't cheat on you."
"I am glad you realize your mistake, but for calling me names I want you to remove your suit and stay nude for the night, as punishment." Said Ray not smiling anymore.
"Please, Ray can't I do something else, it will be humiliating you forcing me to be nude in front of the servants and our sons." Said Caroline starting to cry again.
Remembering the humiliation and embarrassment he felt when his colleagues came to him saying they saw his wife with a younger man. Having to lie to them until he found out his wife was actually cheating on him. Ray said. "I could get you a taxi and you will have the divorce papers in the morning. I don't want to force you to do anything."
Having no choice Caroline reluctantly removed her swim suit. The couple's sons came out to the pool seeing their mother nude.
Clarke said, "Mom I see you're comfortable being nude that is great."
Collin could see his mother was embarrassed but excited as her nipples are hard as erasures.
The butler announced dinner is ready surprised to see the woman of the house nude.