The Passion for the Game -- the second tournament
Prolog:
I've had this story sitting on the self for some time while life got in the way. If you haven't already I strongly recommend you read the prior "Passion for the Game" stories first so this make more sense. If you're too impatient for that let me give you a little context. Carrie is a new comer on the professional volleyball circuit and is teamed up with Tanya who is desperate to get know in the world of volleyball. Diggy is their coach.
Over dinner one night with Carrie's friend Lisa, Carrie complained about how her uniform, her bikini always road up and bothered her while playing, Lisa who always teased Carrie, casually suggested as she did in their younger days. "So why don't you just take it off" Tanya enthusiastically picking up on this jumped in and the stage was set.
Carrie with a burst of arousal fed adrenalin went on to win there next first round match against some ranked players. Then she was approached by a sponsor with an over they couldn't refuse. There was just one little catch in the fine print which they missed. It stated that she had to attend all league sponsored events in her volleyball uniform which in her case was now her bare skin.
*******
Carrie and Tanya were at their next volleyball tournament, Carrie's second since reluctantly adopting her new au natural uniform. You could feel the excitement all around and it wasn't necessarily about the star players this week. It was because of this new up and coming player that was rumored to be going to play in the nude, not even a small bikini which was standard at these beach volleyball tournaments.
The tournament organizers were juggling the issue carefully. On one side they were trilled since it had greatly increased advanced ticket sale and transformed this average tournament into one that was attracted more publicity than many of the larger ones. And anything that drew more publicity to their product was a win for the sponsors. The league officials were also happy with the increased publicity. On the other side some of the conservative groups where chastising the organizers and league, calling the display indecent but the league and tournament organizers saw it differently.
Carrie, who was at the center of the controversy wasn't too thrilled herself. She often had butterflies before a big tournament but today she was a nervous wreck. She had not slept well and Diggy, their coach and Tanya, her teammate had to practically drag her to their car when they left the hotel. In the locker room Carrie simply paissed back and forth until she had to as Tanya put it. "Grin and bare it" or run and hide. For Carrie getting ready pretty much amounted to getting naked and applying some sun but the idea was a nearly impossible for Carrie to contemplate. Finally with Both Tanya's and Diggy's had to practically wrestle Carrie's tank top over her head freeing her breasts. Carrie's breast were as firm as them came and despite her their "B" cup sized and perfectly tan as was the rest of Carries athletic body. Then before Carrie could resist further Tanya knelt down and slipped Carrie's shorts down her long tan leg leaving her naked as the day she was born.
"Now that wasn't that bad." Tanya told her trying to calm Carries nerves.
"Here. Take this. It should help calm your nerves." Diggy said as she handed Carrie a bottle of her specially enhance water. The water did in fact help Carrie with her nerves but at the same time made her aroused and that was on top of the arousal she felt from all the unwanted attention that she was receiving.
"OK, OK, Take these away before I change my mind." Carrie said as she picked up her skimpy clothes and handed them to Diggy.
In doing so she was committing herself to her naked fate since there was no way that either Diggy or Tanya were going to be giving them back any time soon.
That's it Carrie. Embrace your freedom." Tanya added with enthusiasm.
"Are you kidding. It's just to keep me from putting them back on and run out of here screaming.
"Don't forget your sun block. Don't want to burn your, ah, well you know what." Diggy added with a giggle.
"Yeah, can't let our Sun Touch model get a burnt."
Tanya pulled a bottle of Sun Touch ultra tan lotion from her bag and handed it to Carrie who started to working it into her arms.
"Here's let me help you with that." Tanya offered enthusiastically.
"Yeah, you'd like that wouldn't you." Carrie said with a slight laugh as she though back to her experience back at Tanya's place previously.
"Well can you blame me?" Tanya added with a tiny of lust in her voice.
Carrie's nervousness seem to diminish a little as she started enjoy her little bit of power over her usually dominate team mate. Tanya had an overwhelming power over Carrie and always seemed to get Carrie to do things her way but after their experiences of the last couple of weeks Carrie realized that she had some power too. Tanya couldn't get enough of Carrie body and couldn't keep her hands off it. It was a strangely weird experience but Carrie was starting to embrace it a little. Carrie now openly teased Tanya and using her own naked body as leverage to get Tanya to do thing she wanted.
"I think I can handle this" Carrie replied as poured a bit of lotion on her upper chest.
"Here, let me help you with that."
Tanya was close to begging now as she reached to help, but Carrie turned away.
"Maybe if you nice, you can do my back."
Tanya then took the bottle and squeezed a generous amount of lotion into her hand as started working on Carrie's bare back. From there she worked on Carrie's long legs before coming back to her naked butt. Tanya was working with enthusiasm as she massaged it into Carrie's skin. Not wanting to be left out Diggy came over and took the bottle from Tanya and joined in the little massage party. Now Carrie just stood there naked as her team mate and coach made absolutely sure every inch of her body was protected from the sun.
The effect wasn't lost on Carrie who was getting plenty turned on by her friend's attention to detail.
Carrie slowly slipped into a fog of pleasure as her friends eagerly enjoyed getting her warmed up as they put it. Once started Carrie was powerless to stop them and seemed to accept her fate as part of their new found pregame tradition.
Diggy and Tanya both knew from their first match that it was Carries intense sexual excitement that gave her that adrenalin rush that resulted in her that late game energy as the others were all tiring. Unbeknownst to Carrie, Diggy was secretly spiking Carrie's water with a combination of herbs that induce sexual arousal. All they had to do was to train Carrie how to manage her arousal. Too much arousal and she would have an orgasm in the middle of the match and crash. Too little and she wouldn't reach her potential. Their pregame preparation with the lotion was designed to as a primer to sex her up as they started to secretly refer to it.
Tanya and Diggy had to be careful that they didn't get carried away as they seem to feed on Carries arousal almost as much as she did. They probably would have continued indefinitely or until one of them orgasmed had they not been interrupted by an announcement that the first matches were ready to start. By then Carrie's nervousness had been replaced by a serious state of arousal. Her breathing was accelerated, her nipples were hard and extended and her pussy was swollen and beginning to open.
"Oh, OK, I guess you girls need to get out there. I think you're sufficiently warmed up." Diggy announce finally withdrawing her hand from Carries breast.
"Oh man, what did you guys do to me. I can't even think. How am I going to go out there? I'm already so wound up I feel like I'm going to explode.
"Here. Put these on until you calm down a bit Diggy added as she staired at Carrie's nipples sticking out from her chest.
Didy handed Carrie her warm-up suit which consisted of sweat pants and a zip of sweat shirt.
"Why bother Carrie. You know they're just coming off in a couple of minutes anyway. Tanya added.
"I know but I can't just walk out there naked."
"Why not? Tanya added.
"Because I just can't"
"We'll have to work on that."
"I'm not sure I can do this again. This going naked in front of all these people is crazy. " Carrie said here nervousness returning.
"That's why you should just walk out there as you are."
Carrie quickly pulled them on being careful to not catch her extended nipples in the zipper. As it was they were still quite noticeable as they poked hard against the material.
"You may have to help me. I don't know if I can take my this off in front of all those people" Carrie said to Tanya.
"Not a problem. It will be my pleasure to help you strip." Tanya answered enthusiastically.
The girls couldn't help but notice the hundreds of people cheering them as appeared. They had become overnight sensations so the organizers had move their match to center court which had the most room for spectators. To Carrie this just meant that there were going to be more people staring at her.
Their new sponsor had told them to make sure that they had their bottled of sun block prominently displayed so the Sun Touch name could be clearly seen but Carrie's mind was a blur with emotions. Luckily Diggy remembered and arranged they stuff for maximum exposure, exposure Sun Touch desperately desired and Carrie dreaded. For Sun Touch it was their name on a tiny bottle and for Carrie it was playing volleyball in front of perhaps a thousand people in nothing more than she was born in.
Once they were introduced it was time to get ready to play. For Tanya that was simple. For Carrie however that meant getting naked again.
Carrie felt like she was on the verge of getting sick as she fidgeted nervously.
"OK, hotness. Time to meet your admiring audience." Tanya told her.
"Here take a drink, Carrie." Diggy said as she handed Carrie a fresh bottle of her enhanced water.
It did help calm her but the longer term effect was even more dramatic.
"You're going to have to help me. I can't do this myself." Carrie told Tanya, shaking slightly as she did.
"With Pleasure my gorgeous teammate. Tanya told her as she quickly reached for the zipper of Carries warm up jacket.
As she did a quiet fell over the crowd in anticipation of what was going to happen next. Carrie closed her eye as if separating herself from what was about to happened. With one quick motion Tanya pulled the zipper down baring Carrie's perfectly tan breasts.. You could her numerous sighs as the top quickly slid of Carrie's shoulders leaving her topless. Tanya then bent over and just as quickly pulled the warm up pants down Carries long legs. In a second she went from fully clothed to bare assed naked the crowd looked on in silence.
"All ready sexy," Tanya whispered as she gave Carrie a slow once over as did the crowd.
"Have Diggy lock them up as well so she's not tempted to put them back on."
"Not a problem there." Ready to play.
The crowd was still quiet as Carrie finally opened her eyes. Being naked while practicing was one thing but for all of Diggy's effort to get her prepared for this it was not any better the second time. If anything she felt more naked than before having shaved her tiny landing strip for the photo shoot.
Suddenly a "Go Carrie" was yelled from the crowd and everyone seemed to snap back to reality and the girls moved out onto the court, Carrie still fidgeting as she got into passion to receive.
Once the game began, naked Carrie was back to Carrie the volleyball player. After digging an early hole the girls came back late with Carrie diving this way and that for stray balls. This would have been quite a feat under normal circumstances but on a couple of occasions Carrie dove hard into the sand. On each occasion there were noticeable gasps from the crowd,
The girls actually won the game on one particularly spectacular dive by Carrie that forced many in the crowd, especially the women to cover their eyes. A hush fell over the crowd followed by a cheer as Carrie got up this time instinctively rubbed her sore breasts which seemed to take the full impact of her dive. She made her way over to the shower and rinsed off allowing both Tanya and Diggy to inspect her tender globes for damage.
"Damn, Carrie, You have to be more careful." Tanya said realizing that Carrie had really taken that one in a really sensitive place.
"I have some aspercream." Diggy added. "It's a cream form of aspirin and should help with the pain."
"I think I need some. They hurt a lot."
"Yeah, stop damaging the material. Look at those scrapes."
Carries right boob had a bunch of tiny abrasion and both nipples were red. She resisted rubbing them since she was not totally hidden from the eager eyes of the crowd. Diggy quickly came back with the tube but held it back as Carrie reached for it.
"You better let me put this on. This stuff will numb your fingers. You won't be able to feel a thing." Diggy explained.
With that she moved closer and started gently rubbing it on Carries right nipple followed by the left. Carrie winced in pain as she backed away from Diggy touch causing her breasts to wobble ever so sexily as she did.
"Easy. It takes a few minutes but should numb then right up in case you try one of those dives again."
"No. It's just that people can see."
"Don't be so silly. I'm just trying to help." Diggy explained with authority in her voice. Respecting Diggy's orders Carrie turned back towards Diggy trusting her chest out a little presenting her breasts for further application as one would expect someone to present and arm or leg for treatment. Diggy then made sure each of Carries breasts were completely covered before going back and doing her nipples a second time.
In other cases it probably wouldn't attract any attention as a coach or trainer attended to an athletes' injury but this was not your typical injury and certainly not in a typical place.
"Want me to do down below. You know how all that sand can be irritating. " Diggy offered.
"What, NO, not here." Carried whispered a little shocked at the offer.
By the time the girls took to the court for the second game the cream had already started to take effect. Carrie had always had sensitive skin especially her breasts and nipples but under these unusual circumstances this was not a good thing. The cream had effectively numbed Carrie's chest and nipples to the point she couldn't even feel them. She was thankful that the pain was gone but had hoped this stuff wears off quickly because it felt strange to not feel her breasts move as she walked.
The second game was hard fought with the lead going back and forth before Carrie started to dominate the game with several blocked shots and several more spectacular dives. Then just when things were going there way Carrie over jumped one of the other team's spikes. As she stretched as high as she could the ball came crashing down lower that she expected catching her square in the right breasts. The crowd all saw the impact and seemed to gasp in unison. As is was, the ball rebounded off Carried bare chest but right into the net before falling to the grown along with Carrie.
Tanya called a time out as she ran to her fallen friend. Diggy also ran to Carrie's aid as she rolled over in the sand before quickly getting to her feet and bending over still holding her hand
"Oh god, that look like it hurt" Tanya asked.
It hurt alright but not half as much as it would have it Diggy hadn't spread the numbing lotion all over Carrie's chest before the start of the game.
"I'll be alright." Carrie gasped still clutching her sore breast.
Diggy called the girls over for a huddle. Carrie was wound up like a rubber band despite the pain in her chest but still seemed right on the edge as Didgy tried to calm her down.
"Are you ok Carrie? Diggy asked.
"I don't know what's the matter with me." Carrie said between gasps. "I'm so turned on I feel like I'm going to explode."
"Just take deep breaths and try to relax."
Carried had calmed down a little but was still feeling like an orgasm was coming as she went back in the court. Again she jumped this way and that as the crowd looked on in awe. She was a blur of energy as she blocked one spike at the net and then dove for a ball no one would have expected anyone to reach. She was amazing as she again blocked an attempted spike for the win.
Tanya ran up and grabbed Carrie's naked body and hoisted her up as Carrie screamed and shook as a tremendous orgasm swept over her. They had won and Carrie had managed her arousal perfectly climaxing literally at just the perfect time. She wasn't sure if anyone had notice her orgasm but under the circumstances she really didn't care.
Carrie's orgasm was just beginning to subside when Millie Woods from the Surf Chronicle came up and starting asking questions, sticking a microphone in her face.
"Great Job. Girls. How's it feel to win?" She asked.
If she only knew.
"Ah Great....." Carrie said between gasps.
Carrie's was just regaining her composure when a person with a large camera came to stand my Millie. Carrie's body was dripping wet from sweet and other fluids and as the Camera man took aim on her.
"You can't put me on TV like this" she yelled holding her hands at her side with her palms facing the Camera man in an expression that said, What are you crazy, but in reality just drew more attention to her athletic body.
"Don't worry Carrie the production guys will put little bars or pixelate it over your naughty bits for the prudes at the network." Millie explained. "We just want to do a quick interview."
"Sure, we can do an interview." Tanya jumped in being Carries impromptu spokes person.
"What?" Carrie yelled to her with a look of anger as Tanya reached in and cleaned some sand of Carrie' arm and chest catching Carrie' rock hard right nipple in the process. Those same nipples that took the full force of that missed spike earlier.
"So. that was quite a spectacular match. I guess that puts to bed the rumors that last week's win was a fluke. "
"You better believe it. We're for real and going paces baby." Tanya yelled as Millie tried to get a comment from Carrie.
"Carrie, dear. That was quite a hit you took there. That had to hurt."
"Yeah, It did." She answered un-consciously cleaning some of the sand off it her breast and giving it a comforting rub in the process.
The effect was memorizing as everyone paused to take in the site and get a view of her erect red nubs.
It didn't take long for Carrie's anxious admires to crowed them in with a someone grabbing her bare butt cheeks as she struggled to coherently answered Millie's questions. She tried to ignore them as best she could but left out a little yelp when they got a little over enthusiastic. She also had to shooing one away with her hand as one tried to reach around front.
"Can we get out of her? It's getting a little crazy." Carrie pleaded.
"We really have to get going. It's been wonderful talking to you." Tanya said as she and Carrie tried to get way from some of her overly enthusiastic fans.
Once again they had to all but force her way through the crowed until it opened up enough that Carrie was freed of the hands grouping her bare body. Carrie and Tanya quickly made their way to the locker room but not before hearing this one guy yelling her name. As she turned she noticed that it was that same cute guy she had met the prior week at the beach.
"Hi, Carrie responded shyly." "What are you doing here?"
Once again Carrie was embarrassed to be being seen naked by this cute guy that she wouldn't mind getting to know better.
"I came to see you play. You were great as always. I think you two can win this if you keep playing like that."
OMG, Carrie though lowering her head. If she keeps playing like this the only thing she's going to win is the centerfold shot on Playboy she thought.
Carrie was a mess, covered with sand and a sweaty but he didn't seem to mind. Oh of course he didn't mind, there she was buck naked shining in the sun. Her embarrassment returning as a blush started to cover her tan flesh.
"Hey I have to go get cleaned up." Carrie returned looking up.
"Can I buy you a cup of coffee sometime?" he yelled as Carrie shuffled off into the locker room.
"Yeah, that would be nice." She tried to say as she shuffled into the locker room.
"That's the same kid from the beach last week isn't it." Tanya asked "He's kind of cute."
"Yeah"
Carrie started to relax a little and calm her overloaded body as she entered the locker room.
"He just asked if I wanted to join him for a cup of coffee" Carrie told Tanya.
"Damn, girl, you need to take him up on that."
"What I need is a cold shower right now."
"You can say that again. You have to be careful with your climatic finishes she laughed. A minute earlier and we would have been shot."
"It's not like I have much control over it. It just happens. I just get so wound up that I lose control." Carrie tried to explain.
"Well whatever it is, you can't be stopped when you wound up like that. You just need to save the climax for the celebration when we win. That's all. "
Carrie headed off to the shower. It felt wonderful to get all the sand and sweat off her body and despite saying so she actually kept the water and a comfortable cool temperature. Not cold like she said. She rinse her hair and slowly returned to normal.
Carrie finished up and turned off the water then realizing she didn't even have a towel to die herself. She tried to ring out her hair and drip dry in the shower for a second before heading back to Tanya who now had on her warm up jacket.
Refreshed from her shower, Carrie felt alive with a whole new sense of energy as she walked up to Tanya still dripping wet and very naked. Somehow her lack of clothing didn't seem to bother her as much as she reflected on their win. The site certainly didn't bother Tanya who took in the every inch of her naked friend.
"Here, let me dry you off." Tanya offered.
"I can do that."
No, I insist." Tanya answered quickly.
Carrie still on her high from the match felt a tingle in her sex at the at the sound of Tanya's lustful voice.
"So do you think I should have a cup of coffee with him?" Carrie asked Tanya as Tanya picked up a towel.
"Yea, ah, .... of course." Tanya stumbled as she started drying Carries arm.
Carrie got a little thrill out of the potential of seeing this guy as Tanya carefully dry Carrie's body. Tanya finished Carried arms and now moved to neck her upper chest leaving the towel gently caress Carrie's hard nipples which were still pretty numb from the stuff Diggy put on them.
The conversation dropped off as Tanya carefully dried Carried breasts and tummy and moved down to her tight little butt. She then knelt down to do Carried legs starting from her feet and moving up one then the other to close in on where they met. Carrie left out a slight moan as Tanya skillfully dried her pussy.
Just as Carrie was starting to fall under Tanya's seductive spell, Diggy waked in surprising them. Tanya immediately jumped up as Carrie tried to calm here new arousal. Carrie once again found herself, as she often did these days, horny as hell as she tried to concentrate on what Diggy was trying to tell them. Apparently the league commissioner wanted to talk to them in her office immediately about the tournament dinner this evening. Carrie barely had time to protest as Diggy grabbed her arm to hurry them along.
"I can't go like this she protested." Carrie protested. Where's my warm ups?"
"It will only take a minute. Beside they've seen it all already. It's not a big deal." Tanya added.
"Not a Big deal? You're not the one that's naked." Carrie argued as she grabbed at the towel Tanya held. They tugged back and forth and it was starting to get really interesting with one fully clothed girl wrestling another completely naked one over a single piece of cloth but Carrie, having so much more at stake, got the better of it and eventually pulled the towel free from Tonya.
Just as the struggle over the towel ended Diggy grabbed Carrie and started dragging her off to her meeting with the league commissioner. Carrie hurried to wrap the seriously inadequate towel around her tall body and had barely gotten it wrapped around her as the threesome emerged from the locker room.
In her haste to cover up Carrie had overlapped the towel as she tucked in over her right breasts leaving an extra large gap of her right side uncovered most of her hip and threatening to expose her pussy. As it was the towel barely reached from breasts to pussy and as she walked you could see her pussy if you were at the right angle. And don't even think of bending over.
When they reached the commissioner's office they were surprised to see Jeff from their sponsor Sun Touch.
"Why hello girls. Congratulations on your win." Jeff from Sun Touch greeted them. I love it when you advance because it means more exposure for our product.
'More like more exposure for me.' Carrie thought to herself as she re adjusted the towel. There she was in talking to the commissioner and all she was wearing was a too small towel which was threading to fall at any moment.
"I love that you won but what's with the towel? You're hiding our product."
"What do you mean?"
"We're sponsoring you so advertize our product." We expect it to be seen. How can anyone see our product when you're wearing that towel?"
"How do you expect anyone to see you product when it's invisible. Remember it gets absorbed into the skin and disappears."
"But the effect on your skin is what we want people to see."
"But this is all I have on. You can't expect me to just walk around naked."
"According to your contract with us we expect you to wear your uniform at all League Sponsored events and this is certainly a league sponsored event isn't it."
"Yeah, but I don't have a uniform." Carrie pleaded.
"Sure you do. It's your skin, and your skin is where our product is best advertized. That's why we sponsored you in the first place."
"You got to be kidding." Carrie argued getting annoyed at the direction of the conversation.
"Come on, off with the towel. We want to see your uniform."
"You're a jerk. I'm not going to do it."
"You have to. You signed the contract."
Carrie was really getting annoyed now and her blood was boiling when she in one quick motion, pulled the towel free and flung it at Jeff.
"Satisfied?" Carrie yelled taking a boldly defiant stance with both hands firmly planted on her bare hips.
"Is this what you want to see you perv?"
Her anger outweighed her modest and embarrassment at this point as she stood bare assed naked as Jeff looked her over from head to toe and he wasn't the only one taking in the naked beauty. Their League commissioner was also stared at the bold and very naked volleyball player that stood in front of them.
"So, is your stupid product adequately displayed?" Carrie challenged.
"Ah, ... It certainly is. Very nice" he said quietly.
What a joke. Carrie thought. She had just showered and was sure that none of their stupid lotion was on her but still they stared. Diggy and Tanya didn't say a word as they were a little stunned by Carrie's sudden bold behavior.
"OK, is this what you called us up here for or was there something important you wanted us for?" Carrie all be yelled clearly discussed with Jeff.
"Oh, .... Um, actually, um. ... there was something else." I wanted to talk to you girls about the sponsor's party tonight. Jeff here was verifying some of the arrangements and making sure that you would be going to, ah, ... wear you uniform that is." She said with her voice dropping off at the end.
"My Uniform?" Carrie asked. "According to you guys this is my uniform."
"Well, yes, ah, .... It is a league event and Jeff was just verifying that and, well he just wanted to make sure the catering folks didn't have a problem with your uniform."
"What are you trying to say?" Carrie asked looking puzzled and angry at the same time.
"Let me explain it. Jeff stepped in. These sponsor's dinners are how you girls earn your check. You just have to show up display our product and we get a lot of advertizing. That's how this whole sponsor ship thing works. And since you contract says you must wear your uniform to display our product we expect you to be in uniform."
"Oh no, no. You got to be kidding." Carrie argued with a tint of nervousness returning to her voice now.
"You can't expect me to prance around the dinner in the nude. That's ridiculous. I won't go."
Actually you contract calls for you to not only go to the dinner but wear you uniform at all times during league sponsored events and this is a league sponsored events." Jeff explained.
"No way. Forget your sponsorship then."
"I guess we could terminate the contract but that would mean you'd have to return all the money and pay us the termination amount".
At that Tanya and Diggy walked up to Carrie.
"We can't do that, Carrie." Tanya whispered. We already spent some of the money and we need their sponsorship if we're going to continue to play."
"But Tanya, It's not you playing naked and now attending sponsors dinner bare assed." I just can't do it.
"Come on Carrie, I'll help you through it."
"So will I." Diggy echoed.
Carrie was petrified and shaking at the prospects.
"I'm sure they won't just let me walk in there naked. Isn't it against the law."
"Actually as part of the terms of the event we got a waiver. The police are even going to provide security so it will be perfectly safe." Jeff explained.
"Oh My God, This is just unbelievable."
Both Tanya and Diggy tried to comfort Carrie as she was in the verge of tiers
"It's ok, we're here. We'll make sure you get through this."
"I can't believe this. This has gotten totally out of control." Carrie sobbed.
"Is that all you wanted us for? Diggy asked.
"Um, Yes, So I assume your coming." Jeff asked.
"We'll be there." Diggy answered.
"You're a Pig." Carrie yelled as Tanya turned her towards the door.
....
With that Tanya and Diggy comforted Carrie as they left, Carrie leaving her towel behind.
They walked down the back steps back to the locker room where Carrie sat on one of the benches.
"Look Carrie, You can either sulk and be miserable or you can show them that you're more than just a billboard for their lotion." Tanya told Carrie gently rubbing Carries bare shoulder and back.
"Now just how am I supposed to do that?"
"Look, You're a smart talented volleyball player with a great future in the game. You just need to stand tall and show them you're bigger than all this."
"That's easy for you to say."
"Look, I know it's tough but you're tougher." And with that Tanya handed Carrie another of here specially formulated sports drink bottles.
Carrie sipped the water as she sat there and it had its normal effect of calming Carries nerves. It also had its side effect of making her horny at the same time. Still Carrie sat until it became time for their second match.
"Look, just put this dinner out of your mind. Just think how proud you'll be to be going to the semi finals after we win. We've never made it to the semi's before." Tanya continued.
Carrie started think that winning might be the cure. Everybody could think what they wanted but winning was what counted and as long as they won, the hell with all of them, and if Jeff wanted us to show his product a show she'd give them.
Carrie did a few stretches in the locker room loosening up before heading out for their second match. Carrie had always worn her warm ups out to the court which gave her some coverage through the intros but this time she was doing it in the nude from the start. She wasn't even bringing a towel with her. This was just Carrie against the world, and if they wanted to look, well she hoped they like what they saw.
"Want me to help you with your sun lotion Carrie." Tanya asked.
"Weren't you listening. Jeff wants his product to be advertised."
"What do you mean?" Tanya asked.
"I thought you might want to show all the folks out there how easy it goes on." Carrie said, placing her bottle of Sun Touch Sun block in Tanya's open hand.
"Let me just go to the bathroom and then you can give them a demo." Carrie said heading off the bathroom, giving Tanya a little smile over her shoulder as she turned.
Now it was Tanya's turn to be a bit nervous and excited. Sure she had enjoyed lotioning up Carrie in the locker room and during practice but was she suggesting having her lotion her up out there on the court. Was she serious?
"Are you ready to beat these girls?" Carrie said with purpose.
"Um, yea sure. Let's show them." Tanya answered.
"That's the attitude girls." Diggy added.
Diggy lead the girls out of the locker room with Tanya in her warm-ups followed but Carrie in her nervous smile and sun glasses not even a towel this time.
Carrie put on a good show but her heart was racing and she held her breath as she emerged from the locker room.
"Go Carrie." Yelled a bunch of enthusiastic fans, seeming enjoying Carries new simplified look. As she approached the court a couple of other fans gave her an enthusiastic slap on her bare butt as she passed wishing her good luck.
On the court Carrie put on her bravest face as Diggy handed her a full bottle of her specially formulated water. Carrie sipped it slowly as she looked around. Every eye in the pace was on her and Tanya's side of the court and no one was paying attention to the other team who had been out early doing their warm-ups.
"OK, Tanya, I need some of that good sun block, You don't want me to fry out here do you."
With that Tanya took the top off the bottle of sun block and handed it to Carrie. Carrie took the bottle and poured a generous amount in her hand and then handed it back to Tanya.
"Well, You going to help me or what?" Carrie asked as she began doing her arms.
"Come on, I thought you got off on this. Here's your chance." Carrie said, trying to be brave despite her nervousness at what she was asking Tanya to do.
"You sure you want me to help you here?" She asked.
"Hey, Jeff wants his product advertised I figured what better way than a little demo."
With that Tanya poured some in her hand and started to work on Carried back. The crowd quieted down as their attention focused on Carrie as Tanya worked the lotion into Carries back. Tanya took more than the necessary amount of time not sure if she should continue.
"Are you sure you don't' want to finish this." Tanya asked.
"No , I thought you enjoyed this." Carrie answered raising her arms slightly as if to give Tanya better access.
"Don't miss any spots." Carrie said added in a slightly nervous voice.
The crowd grew very quit now as every eye concentrated on Tanya applying lotion to Carrie. Tanya bend down and did Carries butt and then both legs before standing up again and doing her sides. The only thing remaining was her front so Carrie turned to face Tanya and closed her eye. Even the other team stopped their warm-ups as Tanya poured a good amount of lotion on Carries chest running a stream down between her breasts and over her flat tummy. With that she put the bottle down and proceeded to work the lotion into both of Carrie's firm breasts as the crowed looked on. She left a fair amount coating Carried long nipples as she moved down Carried tummy, circling Carries belly button in a large circular motion before moving even lower.
By then Tanya had forgotten they where sanding along side a volleyball court and was lost in her lust for Carried perfect body. Tanya was able to work the lotion in easily as was Sun Touch's pitch but Tanya made extra sure no streaks remained. Carrie for her part remained perfectly still eye closed.
Tanya knelt once again facing Carrie and worked the last of the lotion into Carrie's bare pussy as a slight gasp could be heard from the crowd. After that whispering could be heard as Tanya stood once again and worked in the last of the lotion that had collected on Carried rock ward nipples. This time it was Carrie's turn to gasp as Tanya fingers caressed her sensitive nipples until the last of the lotion was gone just as the announce came on the speaker.
Seeming a little distracted by the site he had just seen he announce the two teams.
Tanya like everyone in the stadium was more than little aroused by the girls little lotion demonstration but Carrie was already ready to burst.
"If that doesn't get Sun Touch noticed nothing will Diggy told the girls.
OK, Girls, Now remember you have a game to win out there. Save the real celebrating till after. She hinted to Carrie.
Both teams seemed a little distracted by the pre game demonstration as the initial play was a little sloppy on both sides. Only Carrie seemed to be on her game as she dominated hustling around blocking shots and diving for balls. She had another one of soon to be trademark breast first dives to save ball to win the first game. She came up rubbing her breasts once again but they had one the first game. 21 -- 14.
Both girls cleaned up between games with Carrie inspecting for damage. Her breasts where a little red with a little abrasion on the right one but except for her sore nipples she seemed to be OK.
The next game was a back and forth battle when Diggy called the girls over for a little talk as the other team got a little lead. Diggy handed Carrie another water bottle which she gulped down before asking for another as she carful rubber the cold bottle over her sore nipples.
"How are the girls there?" Diggy asked noticing that both of Carrie nipples were now bright red from several impacts with the course sand.
"They're sting sore, but I'll live."
"I can put on some more of that Aspercream. It should help lessen the pain.
"OK. " that really helped earlier." Carrie added.
Diggy rummaged through her bag before coming out with a small tube.
Carrie reached for it again but Digggy pulled it back.
"You had better let me put this on." Diddy explained.
The pain was a little too much for Carrie for her to argue so they move back out of plain site.
"OK, This may sting at first but give it five minutes and the pain should lessen.
With that Carrie looked around to see if many people could see them before arching her back and thrusting her sore breasts towards Diggy. Now sore nipples was not your typical sports injure but the treatment was just as important. Diggy put a small dab on each nipple before taking the sore nub between her finger and spreading the cream around. Carrie jumped at first and bit her toung as Diggy worked it in to her tender flesh. Diggy inspected her work before moving on and repeating the process with the other sore nipple.
"OK, Carrie give it a couple of minutes and they should feel better. But try not to touch them because you don't want to get any on your hands."
Thanks. They're starting to feel better already Carrie replied finishing the rest of her water before returning to play.
It wasn't long before she started to dominate again diving with reckless abandon with at least two more of her now famous dives. As the other team started to tire Carrie started to come on strong. She was getting more and more aroused as they first tied and then went ahead. They were up by one when all at once Tanya crashed into Carrie in the air and they came down in a heap, Tanya's face landing tight on Carries still sore breasts.
They called time once more as both girls were slow to get to their feet. Once again they cleaned up and went back to work. Carrie was on fire now finishing off the other team with a monstrous spike to end the game.
Carrie grabbed Tanya and lifted her up high with her sex induced strength. Tanya was expecting Carrie to climax right then and there but before she could Millie Wood and her camera crew came over sticking a microphone in Carries face.
Carrie was literally gasping for air as she put Tanya down being right on the edge of a mind blowing orgasm as Millie started asking her questions. OMG, not now Carrie thought. Her body was literally on its own desperate from relief.
Carrie tried to listen but her body and mind had different objectives. She could here Millie talking and see the camera aimed right at her but her naked body. She had succeeded at holding her body at bay for almost an hour now and it was desperate for release. The camera aimed straight at her just made it worse. The bright light on top not only made it hard for Carrie see, but it shined brightly off of Carrie's sweat soaked body making it even more of an erotic site. Ever curve and muscle was highlighted by the light. Carrie just hoped that they had her boobs and pussy blocked because between her rock hard nipples and swollen pussy, anyone watching could see that she was highly aroused. She had to fight the urge to reach down and finish herself off with so many people watching.
Tanya answered for Carrie as she desperately tried to regain her composure. She was still breathing fast and her heart was beating like it was ready to leap out of her chess when Millie came back to her.
"Those dives of yours are amazing, but being a woman myself, I have to ask how you keep doing it. Doesn't it hurt when those boobs of yours land in the sand?" Millie asked
Carrie nodded in the affirmative trying to answer. "Oh My God, ... yes." Carrie gasped inadvertently rubbing her right breast before recovering.
Carrie and Tanya were a sweaty mess as Carrie struggled to get a coherent response out. As excited as she was Carrie fidgeted and couldn't stand still. At one point Millie seemed to lose her own train of thought as she saw a bead of sweat stood poised to drop from Carries protruding right nipple. A site that would probably wouldn't be seen by those forced to watch on regular TV.
"Um, Carrie, um, .... You've seem to have , um .... really stepped up your game since you've adopted this um, .... new uniform look. Do you think that has um, .... Influenced your performance." Millie asked awkwardly.
"Oh God. Gasp, Well, It's a little crazy playing like this, gasp." Carrie struggled to get out as she inadvertently lowered her arms to her side palms out as if indicated, look at me I'm naked. Unfortunately, that little gesture only brought more attention to her bare body.
"It's really hard at the beginning of the game, gasp., but Once it get going I seem to forget that I'm, um, ... naked, Gasp, Well at least until I dive for a ball or get hit by a spike." Carrie continued seeming to find her voice.
"That really hurts." She added.
"I guess those little bikinis provide more protection that we give them credit for." Millie said.
Millie was starting to ask another question as some overly enthusiastic fans came up behind Carrie and reenacted a Gatorade plunge by dumping the remains of the Ice water from the tub used to keep their drinks cool over her. The ice cubes and water got pured all over Carries bare flesh causing her to jump and let out a loud scream.
The freezing cold water was a shock to Carrie's overheated body but like taking a cold shower helped calm her overloaded body. It also served to rinse most of the remaining sand and sweat from Carrie leaving her looking much better.
After Carrie unexpected ice shower Tanya jumped in.
"Well, It certainly has boosted her popularity since she started going au natural." Tanya answered.
"It has been an experience that's for sure" Carrie added as he body shuddered from the unexpected shower.
"It seems to have done wonders for you tan too." Mille added.
"How do you keep your skin so soft and moist with all the time you spend in the sun, and what about those sensitive area? I mean you have everything out there." Millie asked.
"Well I have to thank Sun Touch for that." Carrie added. Giving them a plug.
Eventually the interview ended and Carrie's little ice bath she seemed to calm her down enough regain control and forget that she was standing in the middle of all those people bare assed naked. Actually a little confidence started to show as she smiled as she joked about not having to wash her uniform any more.
Eventually the questioning ended the girls tried to make their way through the crowd of fans back to the locker room. Unfortunately as soon as the interview ended the crowd converged around even more making it difficult for them to move.
Now lots of people asked for their autograph and Carrie felt numerous people's hands on her side and butt and other places as she held the papers to write. It was hard to fend off the overly enthusiastic hands and she signed the autographs at the same time.
Some of Carrie's over enthusiastic fans seemed to want to feel for themselves how well that Sun Touch lotion kept Carrie's skin so soft and inviting. Most of their actions were limited to stroking Carrie's side and back but a couple would rub her ass with the really aggressive ones giving a good squeeze as Carrie was preoccupied. As Carrie turned sideways towards the locker room a couple of girls surrounded Carrie. One handed Carrie a poster for her to sign and while Carrie was signing it she reached in and stoked Carrie's tight tummy. While she was doing that her friend grabbed her right breast. Asking if they were real.
Carrie looked shocked and abruptly said. "yeah."
They continued to try to get to the locker room away from the crowded court and Carrie once again saw. Jerry, the guys who asked her for coffee.
"Carrie, You guys did great. You were amazing as always." Jerry yelled from a distance.
"Thanks. Hey does that offer still stand?"
A big smile came across Jerry's face. As he yelled. "Yeah, Sure."
Tanya heard the exchange and jumped in. "Hey, Why don't you join us for the sponsors party. You could be Carries date."
"Wow, That would be awesome." He answered before Carrie could get a word in.
The girls finally made it to the safety of the locker room when Carrie yelled at Tanya.
"What are you doing inviting Jerry to come with us to the diner. Remember I have to wear my uniform."
"But he's cute and I didn't want you to miss this opportunity to see him.
"But, I'll be naked for this thing."
"What are you worried about. I think he know what you look like naked by now." Tanya Answered.
"That's not it. I just wanted a quite get together outside of the volleyball and where I actually had some cloths on for a change." Carrie added.
Carrie and Tanya chatted as they got cleaned up and it seemed like Carrie had forgotten her naked state as she walked around. Then just as she pulled her street cloths out of the locker, she joked. " I wonder if they'll make me walk to the car naked or if I can actually get dressed now."
"You have such a hot bod, what do you need clothes for? You should just stay as you are." Tanya laughed.
Covering up for the first time since mid morning, Carried pulled her tight fitting shorts up her long legs remaining naked from the waist up while she gathered her things.
"Now there's a look that very becoming of you." Tanya said
"You like it?" Carrie teased as she giggled her tight breasts in Tanya's direction.
"It is pretty hot out and plenty of people are walking around without shirts"
"Yea, but they're all guys." I don't think they have these." Carrie laughed giving her boobs a bit of a lift even closer to Lisa who was looking on intently.
Tanya just looked on lustfully.
"Um, ... but .... Every one has ... un ... breasts." Tanya stuttered, obviously distracted by Carrie's tempting treats.
"But I wouldn't want to distract you." Carrie teased.
"I, .... um .... Won't be ... um ...be distracted." Lisa said as she reached out and gently caressed Carries left breast.
"Won't be distracted, huh." Carrie snickered but not pulling away.
Tanya continued with a couple more gently circles then started needing Carries beautiful globes before Carrie stopped her.
"OK, we have to stop this before it gets out of control. Carrie said gently.
"Why?" was all Tanya could say as Carrie pulled away.
"Look we have to get back to the hotel and changed, well, you have to get changed. I guess I know what I'm wearing."
"I hear the natural look is in." Tanya laughed.
"Maybe but not this kind of natural."
And with that Carrie slipped her light tank top over her bra less breasts, covering them for the first time since earlier this morning.
"You don't bother with underwear anymore do you?" Tanya joked.
"I figure why bother." Carrie answered.
To be continued