From the author Badandy
After my first marriage broke up I met an amazing woman who became my second wife, her name in my stories is "Lindy". We met in 2001 and it was shortly there after that I began to find out how sexually adventurous Lindy was and soon my overly active imagination kicked in as to I could do with this kinky woman I had been blessed with. We were both early 40's when we met and our kids had pretty much moved out, so we had a freedom to explore our sexual kinks. It turned out to be an amazing 15 year run of perversion.
We became swingers and since I loved taking nude/erotic photos of her ... we placed her on an amateur to make our own porn. As we went along, I found that she was more submissive to others than myself ... so I let others dominate her ... men, females and m/f couples dominated her. I also found out that she was quite insatiable and I arranged more and more multi men events (gangbangs) for her.
Of course I was always taking photos at these planned events and the real special ones (kinky, wild) I usually wrote detailed stories afterwards to capture the moment. These moments are what the Lindy Series is based on, the stories are generally in the time period of 2006 and 2018 ... they are what the real Lindy was doing and what others were doing with her.
I hope you enjoy these stories and comments are welcome.
*
First off my name is Sir B (a.k.a Andy) and although I wasn't always a dominant gentleman, I seem to have progressed into such with my current girlfriend Lindy. We have continually pushed our sexual adventures and since she has gradually accepted that she has a bit of a submissive side, I have been able to continue to push the envelop on our adventures. Some people may consider us kinky . . . some may consider Lindy a slut ... but the sexual liberal-minded people would likely consider us intriguing. As you read the events detailed below, you will have a better idea of our interests, themes that arouse us and of course our limits.
Just this past weekend (Sept.24,2005), we had an evening that was exciting to say the least . . but I think to appreciate it fully, you first need to know a little about how the evening was suppose to proceed.
The initial plan for the evening was for Lindy to be the play toy in a submissive role for a small group of men .. perhaps 3-4 in attendance. The men were to be brought into our motel room in mass as Lindy was to wait in the washroom . . to be brought out to the group blindfolded .. she not knowing how many people were there or who they were. As the week progressed towards the weekend, I had guys dropping out . . . other guys saying they wanted to be involved, it got so confusing that if all that had invites had attended the numbers would have been likely in the 6-7 participants area. There also was times when another female was to be added to allow a bi-female portion of the evening for our male group to watch . . . which later almost evolved into a female domme attending.
The location I had chosen to play was a motel in the nearby town of Cambridge Ontario, which happened to be right beside a strip bar and have a sex novelty shop very close also . . . I was to meet all the participants at the strip bar before bringing them back to the room. The men would sit about and Lindy would be brought into the middle of the room by me, then each man was suppose to have a turn to go up to her . . . kiss, grope, ect .. then each would get a chance to remove her clothing piece by piece. She would be expected to give them oral while still blindfolded, they were given permission to talk dirty with her and have some liberties . . . eventually the group of them would use her for sex. The last part was something that Lindy had experience in, we had attended several sex parties where there was always more men than women present . . so she knew how to attend to several men at once. I was also hoping to have a either extra participants .. either male, females or couples, simply to watch the event as they would a live sex show. Unfortunately there again the participation planned and actual ended up being different.
I wasn't sure how comfortable Lindy might be with the concept of the evening . . . I had given her minimum information of the details, but she was aware that several men were going to be controlling her and she would be blindfolded. Once we arrived at the hotel and got settled in our room ... (which as it turned was perfect for what we had planned -- a ground floor room with walk out sliding door that opened up towards the strip bar parking lot, king-size bed, small couch with ample floor room for her to be on display for the group) we decided to walk over to the sex shop. We did some looking around and then I seen what would be perfect for the evening, a collar with leash. I showed it to Lindy and asked her opinion whether she'd feel comfortable wearing it . . she said "Yes". So now I was ready for the evening with all the materials required.
As the time to meet the contacts drew closer, Lindy became increasingly horny and I knew she was ready to play . . . she desperately wanted me to fuck her right then, but I told her that she needed to stay in high arousal for the group she soon would be entertaining. I allowed her to have a bath and use her vibrator to relieve some of her built up sexual feelings. She was getting out of the bath as I headed over to the strip bar to meet whatever contacts showed.
The contacts were suppose to look for me -- a guy wearing a red T shirt with a nike swoosh on it, unfortunately though the bar was dark enough it was hard to see my shirt properly. Anticipating anywhere from 4 to 7 guys to show, I ended up with a disappointing 2. It was obviously not going to be as intense an evening as I had hoped. I headed back to the room with the two men, Rick had been from AFF and thus he was attending primarily for sex . . . however Glen I had found in Alt personals and therefore had a keen interest in the domination aspect. I entered the room and placed Lindy in the bathroom . . . just as the two men arrive at the rooms sliding door.
Once they were settled I went to bring Lindy out, with a change of heart I did inform her that it was only two guys she would be looking after . . . whether that had a calming effect on her, I'm not sure. Attaching the collar I led her out into the main room by the leash, careful to assist her since she was unable to see where she was going and plus the fact I had handcuffed her arms behind her back. *(Lindy was dressed in a white button blouse, short grey skirt, a white-pink detail bustier and matching thong and had a new pair of clear plastic high heel shoes we had purchased the week prior). As I placed her in the middle of the room Rick was sitting on the couch and Glen was standing, so I told Glen that he could go ahead and acquaint himself with Lindy. I sat at the desk chair and pulled out the camera to begin recording the evenings action. Glen eagerly grabbed Lindy from behind and eventually began unbuttoning her blouse . . . he got it about half unbuttoned when he could no longer control his urges to play with her 36d tits. He squeezed them and pushed them up roughly, obviously enjoying the unobstructed access to Lindy's tits.
At this point it's probably good to point out that besides our interests in group sex and role playing . . . we have some other topics that stir our sexual juices. For Lindy it is exhibitionism, bi-sex and oral sex. For me, I enjoy assisting Lindy in her exhibitionist habits and being a bit of a voyeur. I enjoy watching her being used sexually by others.
It was arousing for me to watch Glen roughly playing with Lindy's tits and I didn't miss the fact that my little slut was able to caress his cock underneath his pants even with her hands cuffed as he stood behind her. As he finally got her blouse unbuttoned he pushed her towards the couch and Rick, unfortunately she stumbled and fell forward into Rick . . . but that just placed her in a position where her Rick was able to open up her bustier and grope her tits. As she tried to steady herself her legs we're spread apart and her butt raised, this allowed Glen to have an open view of her butt cheeks since her skirt had ridden up (with help from Rick's hand).
He quickly reached into a travel bag he had brought and pulled out a toy that looked like a small flogger with soft strands of material and a small paddle . . . Lindy's ass was his.
Glen alternated between the soft feeling of soft tassels of the toy and then light usage of the paddle. While Glen had her backside to play with, Rick was busy groping her now exposed tits. I of course, was busy trying to get excellent camera angles to shoot. The two men finally lifted Lindy from her prone position to an upright stance and with Glen still standing behind her, Rick proceeded to undo her skirt and slide it down her legs as he still sat on the couch. As I positioned myself from the one side, I noticed that Lindy's bustier had now been pushed underneath her tits as was pushing them up and outward in an inviting fashion. I then had to put the camera down for a bit so that I could unfasten the cuffs long enough to pull her blouse and bustier off her body . . . Lindy was now naked other than her shoes and collar . . . and still blindfolded. She still had no idea what either men looked like . . . how old or any physical attributes . . . except shortly she would feel one certain attribute from both men.
Stripped naked and lying cuffed on the bed, the men began undressing themselves . . . of course Lindy's mouth seemed to be the prime attraction for their eager cocks, Rick placed his cock at her lips first while Glen began using Lindy's vibrator on her . . . pushing it in deep and hard. I took a couple of well placed pics of this action, when I noticed the camera's flash wasn't working properly . . . damn I thought I had big problems, but it turned out the flash recharge button needed to be pushed.
I unfortunately lost a couple of excellent shoots before rectifying the problem just in time to see that Rick and Glen had now switched positions. Within minutes of beginning to have his cock sucked by Lindy, Glen had devised a method to get her fullest effort . . . as he began pulling up and down on the leash & collar, producing an up and down motion of Lindy's head and mouth on his cock. It was quite obvious that Glen had played the dominate role before, in fact Lindy later told me she could tell the difference between the two men in that aspect.
All the time that Glen was force feeding his cock into Lindy's mouth, she still had her hands cuffed behind her back . . . while Rick was eating her pussy. She was totally vulnerable to their actions and although we had a "safe" word we had agreed that she was to use if she felt overwhelmed . . . I thought afterwards, how was she to use the safe word when she had a cock filling her mouth?? Thankfully, although Glen was controlling her movements with the collar and leash . . . he kept it to a acceptable limit and Lindy never did gag during this action.
Another little tidbit about Lindy is that she has quite wonderful 36d tits on her smaller 5'2" frame, which makes for a rather curvy figure. She also enjoys having her tits played with during sex, of course since her arms were cuffed behind her . . . it further pushed her two tits outward where both men enjoyed squeezing them and pulling her nipples to erection.
Lindy had not complained a bit during the time the two men had been using her, but finally she asked if she could go without the cuffs for awhile as her arms were getting sore. Her request was granted and as Rick mounted her (and yes we use condoms) to begin screwing her,Glen made sure that she was still in somewhat bondage as he pulled her arms out and above her head. At one point both men were once again using her for sexual pleasure and when Rick once again positioned himself between her outstretched legs . . . readying himself to again attack her pussy with his cock. I saw Glen coming back from his travel bag with a new pair of restraints to attach to each of her ankles . . . he pulling one leg out and open, while I did the same to her other leg. It was also at this point that Lindy's blindfold had finally came off . . . she could finally see the two men who had been sexually assaulting her for the past hour.
It's at this point where the story takes a strange twist, after being used sexually for a time period . . . I had the idea that a bit of a rest for Lindy would be good. Perhaps if we took her over to the strip bar with only her lingerie and long black overcoat would be a good idea, which Glen seemed to agree with. Then it was suggested that she should leave her collar on . . . wasn't sure how she'd react to this idea, but her exhibitionism instincts kicked in and she agreed to do so. The four of us prepared to head back over to the bar.
As we strolled the short distance to the bar, it appeared that everyone was eager to play along with this little scene. The two men let Lindy and I lead the way in the bar and as we were finding a suitable place to sit in the bar, the two males had decided to not follow us. It was an unfortunate turn of events, as I'm sure that Lindy would have been able to give both more sexual pleasure upon return to the room. But with their departure, it meant my dominant nature was to take over with Lindy.
After we had been in the bar for a bit, if any of the customers hadn't already noticed the lady with the black overcoat and collar . . . I decided to push how far we could play within the bar. I pushed Lindy's legs apart and started playing with her pussy as we sat and watched the dancers perform. There were customers sitting on either side of us and I'm sure both could tell what was going on, in fact I'm sure I wanted them to take notice . . . to say something or watch ... anything. But they didn't and since the idea was just to visit it briefly, I decided it was time for us to depart. I led Lindy outside the bar, but something inside of me wanted to expose Lindy more. There was a small retaining wall which we sat on and I soon had Lindy's coat wide open and any customers walking into the bar had to see her half naked attire. But once again, even though I wanted an encounter with some guys or someone . . . it didn't occur.
Reluctantly I took Lindy back to our hotelroom and instructed her to play with herself again while I took a few more pictures . . . she was completely naked now and my deviant side kicked in again. I soon had her back outside camera in tow . . . we first walked down the sidewalk between the hotel and the fence separating the hotel and the strip bar parking lot. At anytime someone could of came out the sliding doors of their rooms . . . but at this point they didn't. I took pictures of Lindy in different locations . . . near a garbage dumpster, then up along the fence, then back to the room. Still not satisfied that no one had seen my Lindy naked, I hooked the leash back on the collar and this time led Lindy back outside again. This time as we paraded about there was a cab in the strip bar parking lot, who must of seen us. Then just as I was leading Lindy with leash back up along the fence line and the hotel . . . there was a guy sitting out his sliding door having a smoke. He looked at us and I looked back, nothing was said between us though and then just before we reached our room there was a young woman likely one of the dancers from the bar . . . once again she looked but nothing was said. I wondered afterwards what they must of thought.
Before finally calling it a night we started playing under a tree at the back of the hotel, with Lindy still naked ... two guys from the bar walked by as we were playing. I should of asked if they wanted Lindy to give them a blowjob. Before finally taking Lindy back to our room, I took her into the hotel stairwell and had her use her vibrator while I took a few last pics. By this time she was so horny she couldn't wait to get back to the room. She bolted ahead and I felt obligated to take a couple pictures of her standing naked at the room door with vibrator in hand. I'm sure she could of fucked several guys at that point.
Description: First story in a new Lindy my slut wife series