I pulled up to my new home away from home while I was going to college, a dorm building that looked like a brick cube. At least it's on campus so it's got that going for it, but it does look a little dull. I park my car with all my stuff. I'd had just driven 2 days to get here, to the only college that would take me with some scholarships. I may not be smart, but at least I work hard! It had been a lot of back and forth arguing with my father about letting be go so far away. He's always been protective of me around boys. "His little angel" he'd call me. It took so much arguing with him to let me go so far away on my own, and I know that he's waiting for an excuse to bring me back.
The parking lot was bustling with other college guys just like me dragging all their things in and out of the building. I grab my packet and head on over for check-in. Following the signs, and slipping through the crowd with my small frame, I enter the building to what looks like the RA of the building. He had just given out another packet and key to the person ahead of me. He takes his key and walks away quickly making room for me. I walk up, and before I can say anything, in a tired tone.
"Greenley Hall is on the other side of campus. NEXT!"
"Wait, I know this is Smith Hall right? I'm here to check in." I am astonished how rude his is. He gives a confused look.
"Show me." I sits up a little straighter as I hand him my sheets, and he looks back and forth between his laptop and my paperwork and ID. "Sit over there." He points to a couch and texts something.
"Is there something wrong?" I ask.
"Yeah. You're signed up in boys dorm" He laughs.
My jaw drops and eyes shoot wide open. "What?!" My heart sinks a little. I was not prepared for this.
"Not a problem just relax, I texted my boss to see what to do." It's clear he finds this predicament amusing. He hands my papers back to me. I sit down wondering how this big of a mistake could happen. I look around and the RA is right. Nothing but guys around. A minute passes. Then five. He phone buzzes and I look at him expectantly as he reads. I can tell already that it's not good news.
"Hmm. We're actually at capacity of campus housing with a huge wait list, and since its all automated we can't change rooms. Either you lose your room and deposit or stay here."
"No. No. No." My heart is racing, I was expecting an all women dorm, not for a bunch of guys to be ogling me. "I can't my scholarships need me to be on campus, please is there anything else?"
"Unfortunately, there's nothing I can do. So what will it be?" I can almost feel some sympathy from him. I gulp.
"I'll take the room." He quickly punches some keys on his laptop and pulls together a packet and my key and hands it off to me.
"There's a fire drill tomorrow morning at 8 and a party later tonight in the lounge.." I take it and wordlessly run off before he can finish, hiding my face in my long blonde hair.
Calming down, I head up to my new room on the 3rd floor. It's already unlocked, looks like my roommates are already in. Two of them are unpacking their boxes, and the third guy is laying on the couch on his phone. Immediately, they are confused and look at each other before looking at me.
"Hi, I'm Sam... or Samantha.. your roommate." I say breaking the silence. I can feel my face flushing as they stare at my 5'4" slim frame. I'm a little embarrassed being the center of attention and am grateful when one of them breaks the silence.
"Oh..that's cool, I'm Jason. " He comes up to shake my hand, and he towers over me. He's at least 6'2 with tanned skin, a fit body, and a sharp look in his eye. His short curly brown hair is messy. After shaking his hand and introducing myself, I'm introduced to my other roommates. Ethan, a pale thin guy with glasses, and his hair bushed and parted to one side. And Henry, a junior, who is very intently studying me his blue eyes wander up and down my body without once looking me in the eye. He is about average build, but still towers over me. Not as much as Jason, but enough to be a little intimidating.
The next few hours are a blur, between getting to know my new roommates, and moving in. Many of the guys in the dorm are interested in me seeing how I'm the only girl here. Then night comes and a there's a knock on my door.
"Samantha.. you ready to head down?" Jason shouts through my door. I open my door, all dressed up for the party wearing a dress with thin spaghetti straps holding it up before stopping short mid thighs.
"Yep!" I say. I can see that he is looking at me eyeing me through my outfit looking straight at my small chest, but he's not the only only one. Henry and Ethan are as well.
"Dang, you look so hot Sam." Henry calls from the couch getting up. "Come on lets go."
We head on down, the music is already pumping, snacks are laid out, people are already playing party games, and drinks are set out. Before I can make it two steps in, I'm stopped by someone.
"Ah Samantha glad you could make it!" I turn, and its the RA who I'd met checking me in. "I'm Charles, and funny enough you're on my floor! Come enjoy the party, have fun, and take a drink! We don't have snitches here just people from our dorm" He gives a wink before moving to the next group. So much is going on so fast, and before I know it Henry is already pushing a drink into my hands. I see the he has also already given on to Jason and Ethan.
"Umm Henry.." as I give a quick sniff and I smell the cheap alcohol mixed in with the juice. He looks at me and sees the concern on my face.
"Aww the cute little freshman hasn't ever had a drink before?" Henry mocks me. I shake my head. "Well don't worry, its on in good fun. Now Drink! Drink!" Henry urges me on, and a few random guys join in. I take a gulp and feel the cheap alcohol burn going down my throat. My face is all scrunched as I keep it down. I hear the crowd cheer and just as quickly return back to what they were doing.
The rest of the night becomes a blur, as I keep drinking under Henry's guidance. The next thing I know, I'm waking up in my bed. I groggily get up trying to remember the night. I remember drinking, and playing beer pong poorly. What else...dancing...lots of guys hitting on me... then. Nothing. I get my phone and check the time 7:39. I scroll through my missed texts. There's one from an unknown number. I open it.
"Samantha, you looked so lovely last night teasing every guy. Must feel nice to be eyed by everyone, but how would your father feel? To know that daddy's little girl is out here living with a bunch of guys now. Probably would get her out of there. If you don't want that to happen, you are going to walk outside during the fire drill as if you just came out of the shower in just a towel. Looking forward to seeing you out there."
A chill runs down my spine, and my breathing gets heavy, and I nearly drop my phone. I have no doubt my father would drag me away if he knew. I..I just can't let that happen. I pace around reading and rereading the text, but there's now way I can figure out who sent it. I can barely remember what happened last night, let alone who I talked to. Time flies and soon its 7:53. There's no time for me to do anything. I slip out of my dress then hop into the shower getting my hair wet. The water is rushing over me washing away the smell of alcohol. The warm water calms me down a little, before suddenly a loud blaring noise screams through the building. Even though I was expecting it, I still give a little yelp. I pull my towel off the rack and wrap it around me covering what I can, but It's still a little short. One hand I keep up at my chest holding the towel together and the other pulling the towel down to stretch it just a little lower. My mouth is dry as I stand in front of my room door.
*Am I really doing this*, I think to myself, but I don't really have a choice do I? I open the door and see Henry leaving too. He stops in his tracks to look at me.
"Ha, unlucky huh?" He laughs.
"um, yeah.." I mumble, and I can feel my face turning red and I hurry up and walk past him embarrassed at my predicament. Walking down the stairs is a nightmare, with everyone leaving at once it's all crowded. I'm moving as fast as I can to get out of the crowded staircase, when suddenly I feel a hand brush against my leg. I turn and he's not looking at me.
Must have been an accident. I hold my towel tighter winding down the stairs before I make it outside. I blush as when I walk out I see most of the groups of guys pointing in my direction. I hide my face in my wet hair and try find a place to hide, but there isn't a lot. My car? Shit I forgot my keys. I can feel my heart pounding and my face burning bright red as I become the talk of the crowd. I can tell that many are trying not to look at me, but can't help a glance every once in a while. I hear the shouts of one of the RA's that I don't know.
"Stand back. All the way behind the grass". The crowd get herded farther and farther from the building and I find myself mixed in the large crowd. A lot of the guys stand a respectable distance away from me, but that only puts me more on display as a ring of guys surrounds me. I look down at my bare feet embarrassed, and not wanting to look at anyone. I tighten my legs desperate to not let anyone get a glimpse, and pull my towel down so that it stretches over my body. My other arm in front of me holding my towel up. I hear some jeers and wolf whistles, but ignore them. Its difficult though. While this is all going on, I feel my nipples getting harder and harder. With my arm that is holding the towel up. I pull it up to try and hide them as they start poking out.
Five minutes pass while I'm in this position trying not to let my towel drop, keeping my legs closed and covering my nipples. Then ten minutes pass. My heart has been pumping this entire time, but now it is racing as a warm tingling sensation runs over my clit and I can feel myself getting wetter and wetter. I..I can't be enjoying this can I? I feel a hand run down my back.
"haa..Oooo" I give a squeal that calms down into a sigh as I see that Henry is behind me. Even though he is my roommate and I should feel calm around him. It almost makes it worse knowing he'll get to see me everyday and remember me like this.
"New look? I like it." He say with a snarky grin.
"No. It's just that.." I squirm uncomfortably around trying to lie "I umm, wasn't thinking to get clothes on."
"Ah you saw me and forgot all about clothes huh?" He leans in closer and whispers. "Don't worry, we won't be needing them later anyway."
I look up at him in shock. My breaths are coming in short and ragged just shocked at what he said. Thank goodness that at that moment, we get the all clear from the staff and the crowd starts moving back into the building. I get swept up in the crowd trying my best to stay away from guys, but I'm herded in and separated from Henry as we funnel into the doors. Soon we are packed as I'm almost sandwiched between a few guys. Another hand comes out of no where and fully grabs my ass. It come out of no where and I let out a sensual moan as my hips thrust forward sending me into the guy in front of me. Just as quickly, the hand leaves my ass and I apologize to the guy in front of me. He's blushing and telling me that it's no big deal. I turn around and it's impossible to figure out who it was. I gulp and keep marching forward and up the stairs.
It is almost impossible to keep my towel down low enough for guys behind me to get a glimpse of my ass every now and again. The tingly sensation in my vagina is at it's worst right now. I just want to shove my hand down there and go to town, but first I have to get to my room. I make it to the 3rd floor and all the way in the corner and open the door. *Click*. It's locked. Shit. Henry please come up faster. As soon as I think that he comes around the corner. It looks like he wasn't far behind me.
"Hurry and.." before I can say another word, Henry has grabbed both of my arms raised them above me and pinned me to the wall. His body pressing against me is the only thing keeping my towel up
"Shhhh... unless you want to draw more attention." He growls his face inches from mine. "You want to get in? Beg. Beg for me to let you in."
"Henry. Stop.. "I squirm under him, but he holds me tighter. His grip turns to iron, and I don't have a choice. "Ahh.. Please Henry, please let me in". I turn my head embarrassed and frightened at this side of him. He presses into me even more, and I can feel a pulsing in his pants.
"That's it...again.." He growls as moves using on hand to hold both of mine and his now free one runs up my thighs. A moan escapes me. "Oh? You LIKE this? I knew it, I pegged you for a slut the moment I saw you. Now you're out almost naked for everyone and wet." His hand lifts up my towel and fingers move to my clit. "Oh my god, you ARE wet."
"Unnnghh..ahh.." I keep trying to stifle my moans so its not too loud, but with every move Henry gets more and more aggressive. His fingers find my clit and start rubbing me. I can't help but squirm. He presses on me keeping me pinned. His eyes are solely focused on my face watching my reactions and taking it all in. The burning sensation in my vagina is too much for me. I want to be filled up, but not like this. "Please, let me in the room Henry please please!" I cry out almost in tears.
Henry gives a short laugh. "ha, sure and if you ever want this dick. You're going to have to beg like that for it".
He lets me go and the relief of pressure works it's way back to my hands. As he unlocks the door for me, I speed quickly to my room and close and lock the door. I imminently throw my towel off, and start to pleasure myself on my bed. I spread my legs apart and my mind goes back 10 minutes ago when every guy in the dorm had their eyes glued on me. Ready to rip the towel off of me and bend me over. My desire to be filled takes over and two of my fingers enter me. I give a cry as they do. I quickly bite my lower lip to prevent too much noise from coming out. A rush of warmth spreads from my abdomen imminently and I keep going slowly going in and out of myself. It doesn't take long before a pleasant sensation of my whole body tightening to wash over me and my hips buck as a long moan of primal pleasure escapes me.
I'm left panting and sweaty from the experience. That's when I hear my phone buzz.