Marie 7.0
29 November 1980
***
"Damn! Your folks are still up." I pressed down on the accelerator to get us beyond the view of their livingroom window as quickly as possible. Fortunately, they lived in a house set well back from the road. While I could plainly see them sitting there, with their interior lights reflecting back at them off the big picture window, the odds that they recognized my car passing by were slim to none.
"Oh well," Marie sighed in disappointment as she pulled my right hand from between her thighs. Her voice then adopted a taunting edge. "I guess you'll just have to wait 'til next weekend."
"Not likely," I chuckled as I pushed my hand back into place and pressed so hard against the thick blue jean fabric over her zipper that she moaned in throbbing desire.
I used a driveway to make a Y-turn — not an easy maneuver with just my left hand — and headed back the way we came, again speeding past Marie's house and her parents in the front room. A quarter mile further down the road I found the short dead-end street I'd noticed a minute earlier. Its five houses all had their porch and driveway lights lit, making the whole cul-de-sac nearly as bright as day.
I parked between two driveways in a position where residents of either property could reasonably assume my car belonged to a visitor to the other house. I turned off the engine. It was a brisk autumn night, but still warm in the car. I'd had the heater running, and soon we'd generate ample heat ourselves. Scanning the little neighborhood's windows, I concluded no one had taken note of our arrival. I started to climb into the back seat.
"Not here!" Marie protested. "It's too bright. Everyone can see us."
"Au contraire,ma chérie," I replied. "Think about it. It's dark in here and bright out there. Anyone looking at this car will only see reflected lights on the windows. It's like a two-way mirror. To see inside, they's have to put their faces right up to the glass, and who's going to do that?"
My mother's 1980 Oldsmobile 98 Regency, which I had borrowed for the evening, was a great car for sex, with a wide and well cushioned back bench seat. Sitting in the very middle, I removed my slacks and smiled as I heard Marie unzip her jeans.
"You're sure no one can see us?" she asked as she crawled over the front seat's backrests, leaving her pants, panties and shoes behind. She slid down to straddle my lap, facing me. Already soaking wet, she sighed as she slid down onto my full length.
"Absolutely," I reassured her, sounding a bit more confident than I felt, but by that time I did not care. As her hips started to rock on mine, I noticed her looking at the surrounding houses with an evil grin on her face. I played a hunch, and started whispering in her ear. "Think about it, the people in their houses are going about their evenings... watching TV... reading the paper... putting their kids to bed.... And while they go about their ordinary lives, here we are, strangers to their block, with no business being here, making passionate love just a few yards away...."
Marie groaned with intensified lust and soon we were rocking the car with a mutual sexual frenzy which soon brought me to climax. I then laid back on the seat and pulled her onto my waiting tongue. I hoped no one came too close to the car. I remained fairly confident they could not see inside unless they tried. I had no doubt, however, that anyone outside within fifty feet of us would hear Marie's ardent cries of pleasure, even through the car's closed windows. Fortunately, we finished without anyone taking note of us.
We cleaned up as best we could and squirmed back into our underwear, pants, and shoes. By the time we got back to Marie's parent's house, they had gone to bed, fortunately, because we both reeked of sex. As I drove home myself, I realized I had discovered another of Marie's kinkier peculiarities; she obviously had at least some exhibitionism in her. The better part of a year would pass before this manifested fully to my benefit.