For nearly a week, James left the café where he worked and with ritual-like precision headed straight to his buddy Steve's place to house sit while he was out of town. The opportunity to have time to himself, away from his irritating roommates was too good to pass up. But the day he arrived, he was surprised to have rediscovered an old obsession—Kim.
Kim was Steve's neighbor and had once been James' co-worker at the café. She had only worked with James a handful of times on cross shifts, which James simultaneously loved and hated. For, every time she so much as glanced his way, he would suddenly become awkward and shy. He would stumble over his words answering the simplest of questions she asked, he was so intimidated by her.
Though she only stood a little over five feet tall, she might as well have been a mountain. The thought of ever being able to talk to her, let alone ask her out, seemed an insurmountable undertaking. Still, he was determined to build up the courage to do just that. But, before he had the chance to try, she had left the café and taken another job. James kicked himself for not acting sooner, for not taking the opportunity to at least try to get to know her better.
Then, there she was—literally the girl next door to Steve's house. James stared unabashedly—albeit half concealed by the blinds of the second-story window that looked over the yard to the rear of her house—as she walked through her kitchen in her shorts and a tank top, her blonde hair in a high ponytail. Her kitchen and living room windows allowed him an unhindered view into her home where he could watch Kim as she cooked, exercised, or even lounged on her couch in front of the TV.
James told himself that he was merely doing a bit of reconnaissance—finding out a little more about her so that he might concoct a reason to talk to her. In his mind, he ran through various scenarios in which he would walk over to her house and "accidentally" run into her, perhaps spark up a seemingly "random" conversation about the show he'd watched her binge on Netflix. It was an absurd thought, of course. He had never been able to say so much as a sentence to her when they were co-workers. He doubted things would go differently now.
As he stood watching her, yet again—pondering his cowardice—James' focus was suddenly brought back to Kim. She was texting on the phone by the kitchen window, oblivious to the fact that she had an audience because she lifted her top to reveal her tits and snapped a selfie.
James was stunned as he took in a full view of her breasts. Perky and round, they stood out proudly from her chest, bouncing hypnotically as she adjusted for another picture. At the distance it was hard to tell but James had earlier placed them at a very full C-cup. His pants instinctively tightened at the sight. His heart raced with excitement, sudden butterflies churning through his stomach sending a jolt of electric tingles up his spine. Without thinking, James pulled out his phone, using the zoom on his camera to get a better view. He watched in amazement as Kim pushed her tits together in a sexy pose for her intended recipient, completely unaware she was being watched. James was rubbing his pants reflexively as he tried to hold the phone steady.
He leaned forward to adjust his angle, but in doing so, elbowed a glass off the end table beside him. He jumped in shock as the glass shattered next to him. Distracted by the mess on the floor, he forgot about the phone he was holding until, in slow-motion, he watched as his phone slipped from his grasp. He lunged forward, trying to catch it, only to bumble it a series of times as it fell out the window, leaving him fully exposed as he hung over the sill. Instinctively, he looked up to find Kim staring directly at him. Her expression went from one of shock to worry to dawning realization, and then to anger.
James ducked back inside, forgetting about the glass underfoot until acute pain cut through his sock. He yelped as he fell hard on the bed. He pulled the sock free to inspect the deep cut sluicing blood. His voyeurism forgotten, he cursed loudly as he limped from the bedroom, grabbing a hand towel and small first-aid kit from the en suite bathroom to stanch the blood. He cleaned out the cut as best he could, but it hurt something awful.
Before he could go any further, there was a loud banging at the front door. He cursed again, frustrated at the interruption. Hobbling to the door, he opened it, standing on one foot with the towel still clutched to his other foot.
His heart stopped as he saw the object of his obsession standing in front of him with her arms crossed and her face knit with a deep scowl. In all the scenarios he had come up with when he imagined meeting Kim face-to-face. Him bleeding and unable to flee had not made that list.
"Where is your phone?" She stood with her hand outstretched. Her voice was firm, more a demand than a question. James stood paralyzed.
"I-I don't have it," he managed to stammer. "I mean...it's in the backyard. Listen...this is not what it looks like." He tried desperately to sound convincing, knowing full well it was exactly what it looked like. Ignoring his words, Kim pushed past him, not waiting for an invitation. She marched through the house headed for the backyard.
James managed to hop behind her a short distance before he stumbled and fell clutching his foot, grimacing in pain. The towel was soaked with blood, and before he could right himself, Kim came back inside the house holding his phone. She was livid.
It was as she was standing directly over him that she noticed the large amount of blood coming from his foot.
"What, the fuck happened to you?" she asked, eyeing him suspiciously.
"I stepped on broken glass...when that ...all happened." He gestured vaguely towards the direction of the bedroom window.
"Are you alright?" Her tone softened slightly but was still weary.
"It hurts. A lot," he said, staggering up onto his good foot. Kim moved in close to steady him as he wobbled.
"Serves you right! What the hell were you doing? Spying on me? Why were you taking pictures of me?" James grimaced, due in part to the pain in his foot as well as the anxiety of answering the barrage of questions. Kim stepped forward and inserted herself under his arm taking his weight off the foot. Her scent intoxicated him as she moved in close. The heat radiating from her soft skin warmed him as she led him to the table and sat him down at the kitchen table to inspect his foot.
"I didn't take any pictures," he clarified as Kim knelt to inspect the gash on his foot. He had to force himself not to look down her top at her tits, which were visible from that angle. Thoughts of her previous reveal started to make his cock swell. "I might have been watching you though."
The look of irritation on her face—and the sudden jolt of pain as she applied a bit more pressure than necessary to his foot—told him that she hadn't liked what she heard. The throbbing in his foot effective deflating his growing boner.
"You don't remember me, do you?" Her eyes looked up from his foot to examine his face, realization slowly dawning on her.
"You're that weird guy from the Café." The accusation stabbed James in the heart. Now she would think of him as that 'weird stalker'. "Why were you watching me?" She returned to cleaning out his wound, and James winced as she prodded the cut.
"I don't know." he started. "I was watching the house, and I saw you next door. When we worked together, I wanted to try and talk to you, but I always just got tongue-tied. You're just so gorgeous, and I know that's not an excuse." His words tumbled out disjointed, once again feeling unable to push past the wall that was his anxiety towards the beauty before him. Was he really such a weakling that she could unman him so easily? "I-I-I...you...um, I'm sorry."
James paused, trying to come up with an argument that would help him out of this situation. "In my defense, you did have your tits practically hanging out your kitchen window. I mean...if I was waving my junk around where you could see, you wouldn't look?" She gave him a look, and he clamped his mouth shut. He realized too late his tactic had been a mistake.
A hot flash of pain bloomed in his foot as Kim pulled free the last small shard of glass. James' foot felt ten times better immediately, and after a moment, even the bleeding ceased. The cut was much less severe then he had originally thought.
"You know...you're right," Kim responded, her tone suggesting the opposite meaning to her words as she finished bandaging up his foot. Satisfied with her work, she stood up and gestured for James to do the same. "Let's see it then." She challenged.
"Umm...what?" James looked around nervously.
"Let's see it," she repeated. "Your junk! Start waving it around. It's only fair, right?" She fished her phone from her pocket and pointed the camera at him. "Go!"
She waved her fingers at him, and his heart pounded like a jackhammer in his chest. She couldn't be serious. She had to be joking or trying to teach him a lesson. Kim's foot tapped impatiently. James stood up, gingerly putting weight on his injured foot. His mind racing with thoughts of what was happening.
Kim could have called the cops or slandered his name around town. In fact, she still could. He felt it was in his best interest to give her what she wanted. He hoped she would stop him before he embarrassed himself too much. She hadn't.
His eyes downcast, he started to undo his belt, then his fly. He glanced up as he lowered his jeans awkwardly. Kim was standing there filming with her phone. The look on her face was a mixture of satisfaction as well as curiosity. She bit her lip slightly as he stepped from his jeans, leaving him standing in his boxers. James wondered if she was enjoying this? His cock started to stiffen at the thought, causing his face to redden.
Kim noticed the swelling in his boxers, and a wry smile crossed her lips. With a gesture, she beckoned for him to continue. With one last deep breath, he lowered his boxers, letting his half-rigid cock swing free. Kim's smile deepened, and there was a very predatory look in her eyes.
"So, you couldn't talk to me when we worked together, but you can drop your pants now like it's no big thing?" She lowered the phone. "Next time, skip the peeping tom thing and come introduce yourself."
She lifted her top and dropped it on the floor, suddenly exposing her perky breasts. James stood in absolute shock, unable to look away. Blood began leaving his extremities to race towards his cock.
"W-what are you doing?"
"I thought you were cute when I worked at the café," she explained. "I noticed you glancing at me. But, you wouldn't make a move. Then, I saw you watching me from your window this week—and still, you did nothing." James thought he had hidden himself well, but she had to be telling the truth. She glanced down at his swollen cock. "So, I guess I just have to take the lead with you."
Kim stepped closer, her breasts pressing against his chest, her fingers sliding down to wrap around his cock. James gasped with pleasure and bit his lip. She looked up at him, her lips inches from his. The tension finally broke, and James leaned forward to kiss her.
Her lips were soft and delicious, and the kiss went from gentle to an explosion of passion. Their tongues entwined as did their moans as the kiss deepened. James' hands crept up to cup Kim's breasts. Her dark nipples stood out from her pale skin brushing against his palm as he started to caress and kneed. He felt them harden and impulsively he tweaked them eliciting a purr from Kim. Her grip tightening slightly as she began to stroke his cock with an unhurried motion. The slow smooth strokes sending euphoric waves of pleasure coursing through his body. The effect was intoxicating and James longed for it to never end.
Kim pulled back, bringing her hands up to his chest. She gave him a gentle push backwards. "Sit." She ordered, and he complied by tumbling back into a chair.
He watched as Kim advanced a few steps, her hips swaying provocatively. She knelt before him, spreading his legs wide, exposing his throbbing manhood. Her fingers glided up along his thighs, wrapped around his shaft and began slowly stroking him as she applied kisses from one thigh to the other until she reached his balls.
She gave his testicles a playful lick, followed by a deep suck which elicited a growl of pleasure. Her lips slowly kissed and licked from the base of his shaft upward with agonizing slowness. Her eyes gazed up at him, driving him mad with need. With one last lick, she closed her mouth around the head of his cock.
James gasped and panted. The sensation was more intense then he could have ever imagined. He watched as her head moved up and down over his cock, taking in more and more of his cock with each motion. She was fully focused on her task and was bobbing up and down in earnest, sucking and licking and swirling her tongue as she pleasured him. She appeared to be enjoying it as much as he was, if her moans were any indication.
He watched Kim's finger slide into her shorts and began rubbing her pussy as she wiggled her hips. James felt his body tense up as his hands instinctively rested on the back of Kim's head. Sensing his climax was near, she pulled his cock even deeper into her mouth. Her throat seemed to open as she forced herself to take as much of him as she could until she popped up, gasping for breath before returning to take as much of his cock as possible.
The next time she came up for breath, saliva was dripping down her chin, coating his shaft and balls. James moaned loudly, not able to hold back any longer. His body spasmed as he pumped his load into her mouth. She swallowed eagerly as her head continued to move upon him. James felt as if his orgasm wouldn't stop. With every dip of her head or swirl of her tongue, he convulsed in ecstasy again, until his body was too stimulated for him to continue. Finally, she relented, licking her lips as she pulled away.
She rose, smiling, as she slid her shorts and panties to the ground. Her shaved pussy was already soaked from where her fingers had been working. She stepped over James' legs, straddling him as she guided his cock inside her. Carefully, she pressed the tip home and lowered herself down, easily taking his full length while expelling a loud moan.
She started to grind her hips and bounce upon his shaft. James grabbed her ass, supporting her as he growled with lust. He started to kiss and suck on her nipples as she bounced on top of him. He sucked her erect nipples into his mouth as her moans grew louder. He began rolling his hips in time with hers, pushing himself even deeper inside her body. Within minutes, James felt Kim start to tense and grip him within her tight opening.
They were both coated in a sheen of sweat and panting hard. Kim's back arched as she screamed out her rapturous release, her pussy clamping down on his shaft as she shuddered with orgasm. The sensation sent James over the edge once more as his body once again started convulsing as cum shot out of him like a geyser, deep into her pussy. They both twitched and gasped for breath for several long moments until Kim wrapped her arm's tight around him.
James leaned in and kissed her. They stayed like that for a while, enjoying the afterglow of the moment as they caught their breath. "I definitely should have introduced myself sooner," James admitted.
"I guess you have a lot of making up to do then," Kim said before leaning in once more to kiss his lips.