Entering my junior year of college, I decided that things had gotten too serious with my girlfriend, Jen. I had actually made this decision earlier during summer break, but I hadn't broached the subject with her until the week before we were due to return to school. She lived in Queens, NY, and I in North Jersey. I made the trip out to her because, well, two years deserves an in-person conversation.
After the shock, tears, and whys we actually had a good conversation about it... Too young to be so serious, did we really know where we saw ourselves in five years, so much time spent together, yada, yada, yada. Being the tenacious woman that she was, she pursued phone calls with the same determination that she originally pursued me. I conceded to help her move into her room which was in her sorority house. After which we, of course, had some fantastic sex -- which was the norm for us. We were both fit, physically attractive, and very compatible with one another.
Speaking of which, about us... Jen was a fiery half Sicilian/ half Puerto Rican bomb shell. A not quite olive complexion and at 5'1" she measured 36-21-36. She was a ballet dancer up until her sophomore year of high school, so her legs were strong and shapely and her ass was round and firm. I have always been a legs/ ass man myself. Her pussy consists of flowery outer labia and tightly sealed inner labia. She keeps her lower genital area nicely groomed around her lips. When excited, her clit will extricate from its tight confines and prominently display itself, not large but prominent. Above, she grooms herself somewhere between the classic 80's triangle and the newer landing strip. Not sure why, maybe it was the old super 8s in my dad's basement but I kinda love bush! Leading up from her exquisite lower exterior was a tiny waist and taught belly that went up to firm c-cup breasts. Think oblong oranges. They sat up on her chest, beautiful roundness but also slightly elongated with pointed areola and long nipples. Continuing from there, we head up to her slender and soft face, large almond shaped, chocolate brown eyes and a long mane of silky and luxurious brown hair. Her eyes had a way of looking curiously innocent when she was horny. They would open up from their almond shape into a glossy roundness, almost like an anime character. In the throes of passion, they would oscillate from this into a narrow, focused gaze that could be felt in your cock (or pussy, but more on that later).
As for me, Rob, my background is Cuban. I have mahogany brown hair and eyes. Dark skin that goes from a coffee and cream color in winter to a glossy mocha color in summer. I am not tall by any means at 5'7" but make a good complement to Jen's short stature. While short I am stocky, with wide shoulders and chest. I sit at a 160#s, but that is from how active I keep myself, lifting weights 5-6 times per week and running 4 days per week. I am not body-builder muscular, though I am told that I could be. I am, however, very well defined with a sharp V design to my torso and a dark, hairy chest. I also have very muscular legs, not just from running but I double up on legs each week. My cock is quite a sight especially in contrast to my stature, which can be misleading -- aside form being short, I have small hands and feet. First, I have large testicles like two golf balls inside my sack. Women have always remarked on them, loving to palm them as well as remarking on how powerful they feel when slapping against them. As for my cock -- sidenote, it was Jen who told me that I most definitely had a cock and not a penis or dick -- soft he hangs at around five inches, keeping about half of its erect girth which is over 6 inches around, think can of Red Bull. For length, I just squeak past 9 inches. As I keep my self pretty man-scaped my prominence is all the more on display.
As we laid in her bed, post coitus, she slid down my right side as she customarily did. Her head upon my abdomen, her legs wrapped around my right leg so that she could grind her pussy against my thigh. Her right hand playing with both my cock and my balls, occasionally lending my "little" head kisses, or just rubbing it across her face -- don't ask me but she hasn't been the only women to do that. She, as well as others, has said she loves the velvety feel on her skin as well as feeling the need to nuzzle and cuddle against him because of how good he makes her feel. I never complained and kinda love it. It is a very empowering feeling.
In between nuzzling and kissing my cock she said, "If nothing else, we are very good together like this."
"I agree"
She continued, "We also don't really fight and generally get along pretty well."
"I agree there too." I felt a proposal of some kind coming on...
"It doesn't make sense that we stop this. I understand that we don't know where we are going..."
I went to interrupt but she stopped me.
"Just hear me out. I was speaking to my friend, Heather, you never met her but she is the one I told you about that during my senior year in high school we both swore off boys together and just took care of each other..."
I nodded -- who forgets their girlfriend telling them about her big-titted, phat assed, red-headed friend whose fiery box they used to much?!?
"Well, she came back from California to take a year off from school, her dad is sick"
"I am sorry to hear that"
"Thank you but that's not the point. The point is, her boyfriend, Luke, is a few years older and enlisted after college. They agreed that waiting for each other would be difficult and unfair. So they decided to reframe their relationship. She suggested we think about maybe trying something similar."
Now that I had an idea of where she was going, "So, how do you suggest we reframe our relationship in lieu of breaking up?"
"I am glad you asked! Well, we agree that we have great sex, we get along pretty well, have similar interests without fighting often like other couples we know?"
"All of the above. But don't you feel we have almost become like an old couple, boring in some regards. Not the sex, which is amazing. But we don't go out with our friends as often, don't go clubbing, granted we fucked away most every night..."
Poking me in the belly, "And occasionally made LOVE!"
Then she slid upwards to give me what was a toe-curling kiss, grabbing me on both sides of my face as she attempted to suck out my soul. Her tongue entered my mouth deeply and entwined with mine, her lips and teeth nibbled and sucked on my lips. After she ran her tongue one last time across my lips she leaned her body down, as she had been bent over me on her knees. As her ass moved downward with her body, she bumped into my engorged cock with some surprise.
She reached back with a smile and grabbed me, "See what I did with just a kiss? And you want to give that up?"
"I honestly do not know..."
"Ok," she said as she resumed her previous position, head on belly, hand on cock. "How does this sound. We don't stop being with each other, but we focus more on dating each other. Meaning, I don't just pack a bag each weekend to come stay in your room at your fraternity house. We make plans with each other, whether it is a trip to the park, lunch, a show, whatever. We make sure that we don't spend too many consecutive nights together, gives ourselves time to be apart and reconnect with our friends. Enjoy time alone or create new experiences -- maybe even with other people. Maybe we have experiences with other people together!"
"Anyone special you have in mind for yourself?" I wryly asked
"NO!" she exclaimed "But it has been awhile since I have been speared between two cocks..." She let that hang in the air.
I replied, "I imagine your friend Heather is probably ripe for a good deep dicking!"
"You can be such an asshole when you want to be" she said slapping my belly.
"Come on, if I wanted to be an asshole I would have said, 'I wonder what Christina is doing?'!"
Jen has a love/ hate feeling about Christina. She started hanging around the fraternity last semester and had fucked a few of the guys. Jen didn't care too much until Christina and her friend Tracy started flirting with me. The love is that the three of them all love clubbing and would sometimes go together. I am sure that in the course of being out, Jen didn't help matters by bragging about our sex life, girls always be curious about what other girls have. And that leads to jealousy and competition. All of that being true among these three. Christina, also Puerto Rican, taller than Jen with small titties but the craziest ass you have ever seen! Small waist with a hip measurement that had to be in the 40s -- all muscle. Yes I have seen it, her and Tracy would regularly use my room to change before heading out. Often trying different outfits and asking my opinion. While Tracy is a very dark-complexioned black girl who is taller than the other two, with a very slim figure, small breasts and a small tight ass.
"Now that is just mean! Here I am being all serious about us and you are making fun of me!" she exclaimed, giving off her best little girl pout.
I grabbed her, turned her onto her back by rolling with her to my right. Held her tightly as I flattened myself between her legs, the top third of my still engorged cock splitting her tight lips. The moisture there belaying her feigned irritation at my comment. With one arm wrapped around her and the other cradling her head I kissed deeply and lovingly, no biting or pulling. Slow and sensually, I explored her mouth and lips with my tongue. Simultaneously, I slowly and ever so slightly gyrated my hips back and forth sawing between her beautiful tight lips creating even more moisture.
I lifted up and looked down on her. She swallowed and fanned her eyelids which then opened up large, glossy and round letting me know she was becoming very aroused.
"I am just teasing you," I said.
"Teasing me?" she questioned.
"Yes, teasing. I know very well that you want to see me fuck Christina, and Tracy for that matter, into oblivion. You're gonna tell me you haven't bragged about our sex-capades or my cock to those two chicken-heads? Or that you haven't thought about grabbing my cock and stuffing it into that enormous ass of Christina's. What about Tracy, I know you would love to wrap your hand around her long mane to guide her while she ate out your pussy. Then look over her shoulder as I pummeled her cunt from behind."
"Oh my god, shut up and fuck me already!" she said as she reached down to grab my cock. She slid up slightly to align me head with her entrance. Then she wrapped her toned legs around my body and pulled me into her in one hard push. Normally we still had to work my cock into her as my length and girth gave her pain otherwise. This time she pulled me down to the hilt and ground her clit hard against the root of my cock.
"Fuck me," she panted. "Fuck me through this mattress, fuck me into oblivion, fuck me until I pass out. When I wake, we plan out fucking Christina and Tracy!"
I smiled as I firmly planted my hands on either side of her body, along her beautiful breasts which ever so slightly sagged to the sides before I began to piston my cock in and out of her.
Jen wasn't shy and sexually she could be very vocal. Not just that she could fling dirty talk as good as anyone but when she was building to climax, she would involuntarily moan and wale quite loudly. That is just what she was beginning to do. She no longer had her legs tightly wrapped around me. They had fallen to her sides, flat against the bed -- she was very flexible, did I mention ballet?
I had gone from full, fast, deep strokes to several quick and shallow strokes followed by a couple full deep strokes that I finished by grinding into her. I loved doing this to her when she was building to climax, it would cause her moaning and waling to jumble into a sexy incoherent babble with varying degrees of volume. The kind of sound that couldn't be mistaken for anything other than someone getting a seriously good deep dicking. And Jen was starting to seriously get loud... So much so that there was a knock on her door. It was the current sorority president, Pam. Pam was kinda stuck up in appearance but actually very nice. I liked her, her and Jen weren't close, but she was someone I could talk to when I had to attend sorority functions with Jen. She was asking us to keep it down, something about there being parents there. I laughed to myself; I had forgotten that we were there moving Jen in. Everyone else was moving in too. Some of the underclassmen, who had newly joined the sorority last semester were being moved in by their parents so they could check out the non-dorm digs. And here I was pummeling Jen to a cock-crazed crescendo that could easily be heard throughout the house. Just as I looked under the door to see Pam turning to leave, I felt the familiar pulsing of Jen's pussy. It would vibrate almost like a wave pulling my cock deeper into her and tightening its grip at the same time. I knew just what to do, I bottomed out and with short strokes I pulled out only an inch or two and ground my pelvis into her in a full circle on the up stroke. That did it! Jen took a death grip of my back, digging her lovely, manicured nails into me. Blood would definitely be drawn! She started involuntarily bucking her hips up into me, matching my "in" stroke. Her eyes had rolled back showing mostly the whites and she began a long, deep moan that built in volume and pitch.
I heard the door open and then close -- none of the doors have locks for whatever reason.
I looked over to see Pam crossing the room, "What the fuck are you doing to her!" she exclaimed. "Jesus Christ, you're going to get us in trouble with the dean if any of these parents complain!"
All I could do was laugh as Pam tried to cover Jen's mouth and face with my shirt that she grabbed off of the floor.
"Jeez Rob, you're fucking her out of reality. How do I get Mike to do that to me!?"
"Well," I said pulling my cock out to slap it and rub it around Jen's exposed and swollen clit, "Does he have something like this?" I asked wagging my engorged cock at her.
She didn't answer, she just stared at my cock for the few moments it took me to rub Jen's clit a few more times before I returned it to her velvety sheath.
As I said before, I liked Pam. I also liked her boyfriend Mike, who I often hung with at our respective ladies' sorority events. Pam was taller than me at around 5'9". She was very white, your typical Connecticut WASP. Willowy blond shoulder length hair, bright blue eyes, alabaster skin, which was delightfully freckled, especially around her bust. She was very athletic in appearance; I believe she used to run track. Long legs, even further emphasized by the grey spandex shorts she wore. A delightful bubble but, especially for a white girl. Slim, taught waist and belly that led up to a nice pair of large firm breasts... I vaguely remember her saying she quit track her senior year due to how much her chest grew and how awkward it was to sprint with them.
"Are you going to stop? Or do you expect me to just sit here covering her mouth for the rest of the afternoon?" she finally said
"Honey, I already came twice earlier so this one is going to take some time." I retorted. "But you are welcome to stay and help, maybe a contrasting body could speed things along for me?" I said in my most smart-ass tone.
She grimaced at me in the cutest combination frown/ smile. I had just noticed she was wearing glasses, she must usually rock contacts as I didn't remember seeing her in them before. All I could think of now was cuming all over her spectacles!
As Pam and I stared at each other for a few moments, we noticed it had grown quiet.
Pam looked down, removed my shirt to find a bright eyed and smiling Jen looking back up at her.
"So, your back?" Pam asked.
"Yes, I am" Jen smiled. "God that was amazing!" Looking at me Jen said, "You were a very good listener, you did exactly what I asked you to do!"
"Only as I can!" I replied.
Pam, shaking her head said, "What am I going to do with the two of you?"
"You can actually do the both of us" Jen was quick to reply. "This was in celebration of our new relationship parameters!"
"Do I even want to know?!" Pam sarcastically answered
"If you wanna get fucked the way I was just fucked you do!" Jen yelled out to here as Pam left the room. To me she said, "Oh, you know she wants to get fucked like that! Did she even see your cock?!?"
"She got an eye full, I made sure of it" I laughed.
"Oh yeah, while I was in orgasm coma, you're showing your cock off to my sisters?
I didn't bother to reply not really being a fan of meaningless back and forth babble. But rather pulled my cock out of her, sat up on my knees and obscenely stroked my hard shaft in front of Jen's face before saying, "What I really need right now is to empty my balls! They are ready to burst! Turn around for me please."
With a coquettish smile she turned lifting her beautiful ass in the air above her spread knees as she wrapped her arms around a pillow and turned her face to the side looking back at me.
"That is one of the most beautiful sights I have ever had the privilege of seeing," I said as I stroked her ass and looked at the beautiful, puffy, and slick slit of her pussy peaking out under the most amazing ass. "But that isn't how I want you. Lay down flat, legs together and let's put this little throw pillow right under your belly so your ass sits up a bit. Good, just like that. Now stretch your arms up over your head. Perfect" I said as I looked down on her. She was laying in the middle of her small twin bed. Her ass was slightly lifted up thanks to the pillow with her cunt just barely peaking out from her glorious ass. Looking up her body, beyond her tiny waist I could faintly see her breasts being forced out her sides due to her, albeit miniscule, body weight.
I couldn't help myself, as I stroked my cock in anticipation, I leaned down and dove my tongue into her cunt then ran it up the crack of her ass where I rimmed her for just a moment before running it back down to her quim. I felt her ass give a slight shudder as I pulled away placing my knees on the outside of her thighs. Cock in hand, I laid it between her bountiful butt cheeks with my balls resting on her puffy pussy libs. I laid down on her. Gently gathered her hair and moved it to her right side before I leaned down and nuzzled the left side of her neck. Taking my free hands I slid them underneath her and cupped her fantastic tits. After kissing and nibbling her neck and ear lobes I whispered to her, "Are you ready to make me cum my Love? Is your tiny pussy gonna milk my cock dry of cum?"
She replied by giving a quiet "Um Hmm" moan while pressing her ass up and simultaneously flexing her cheeks.
I smiled as I lifted my pelvis, grabbed my cock and ran it down along the crack of her ass, down along her wet lips, further down between her tightly closed thighs. I then, slowly, raised my cock back up picking up more lubrication before I nudged forward finding the opening that I was looking for. I once again felt the velvety grip of her tight little pussy. I slowly slid myself home, balls deep within her. Then I began to rotate my hips in a slow circles moving only about an inch in and out of her. Not being new to this position, Jen knew exactly what I was looking for. She was, once again, flexing her hips and milking my cock with her cunt. I returned my hands to her tits, playing with her nipples. Occasionally taking one hand south along her body to strum her clit from underneath her. All the while, my head nuzzled against the side of her neck where we both kissed, nibbled, and mewed at one another. It is hard to explain the feeling of her firm, round ass under your belly while both her pussy and ass muscles are working to milk your cock of all it's worth. The feeling was incredible, and we kept at this easy pace for a good 10-15 minutes, hard to tell really. Then her breadth became ragged as she began ascending into climax. This time nothing but grunts and "Mnmpths" coming from her as we both started towards the crest we were looking for.
At this time, I pushed off the bed with my left arm and leaned up, arching my back and bringing my knees slightly up for leverage. With my right hand I gathered up Jen's hair and pulled back forcing her to uneasily arch her own back to avoid the pain of having her hair aggressively pulled. I knew this wasn't comfortable, but this wasn't for her. In any case, she always came liking the barbarism and dominance of the act. With everything how I wanted it, I began drilling into Jen. Almost full strokes, my balls slapping the inside of her thighs, her grunting through the discomfort I was affording her, me loving that she was still using her cunt to milk my cock despite it. A few more strokes and I would explode inside of her. A few more strokes and I shifted my position, spreading my legs out and leaning on my left elbow so that I could grab her tits. With my right hand I pulled harder on her hair further exposing her neck so I could latch onto it with my mouth, a mixture of aggressive kisses and bites. The last few strokes coming now, feeling my balls tighten up and my cock swelling I rammed as much of it as I could into her. While my hips involuntarily spasmed with every shot of ejaculate that unloaded into her, she moaned. Enjoying a rolling orgasm of her own, a series of pleasurable waves as she described it.
Finally, letting go of her hair, she collapsed onto the bed. I followed her. Both of us still enjoying minute spasms as we came down from our high.
Laughing, I said, "Well, who knew?"
"Who knew what?" she asked
"Everything from last week to today. Not breaking up, changing our definition of it, planning to fuck the chicken-head twins, Pam..."
"Did you really think I was going to give you up that easily?" she laughed. "I worked to get you to stop chasing those other girls around and be mine. I even almost fucked it all up. But I made up for it."
"I guess not, you are pretty tenacious and don't give up your toys too easily."
"Aww, you are much more than just a toy. And I can share, I plan on showing you." She said as she pulled herself up, her hand landing in the middle of a giant wet mess. "So much for my new sheets, pull these off while I grab new ones." She asked
As I pulled the sheets off, two quite different thoughts were going through my mind. What were things going to be like now and who were we going to encounter when we leave this room!