Sue and I arrived back home after the Greek holiday tanned and relaxed. The couple that we had met on the island, Fiona and Richard had had some unusual ideas with their open lifestyle but they had introduced us to naturist experiences in a very limited way - a couple of brief experiments on a star-lit beach and a glass of wine on a secluded hotel balcony.
We idly discussed options for our next vacation but it all seemed so far away. It was still summer and our garden was the only place that we would find any sun for a while. I made sure that we had a corner of the lawn that was not overlooked by any of the neighbours and Sue dared to lie on a lounger without clothing, having got the taste for feeling the sun and breeze across her skin.
Gradually she tanned her white bottom and the triangles on her chest until they glowed in the dark no longer. Then summer faded into autumn and the loungers were returned to the shed. The memories of Fiona giving herself a mud-pack or talking on the beach wearing little but a feather in her hair remained bright however.
Then one day in October I received a message on a social networking site.
'Hi. This is Richard, am I talking to the guy that I met with my wife in Greece in June? If so Fiona has a message, please get back.'
Intrigued, I hit the 'Reply' button.
'Yes, I believe you are correct, what's up?'
The next day I had another message.
'We have an offer on a holiday villa in Spain, Fiona is asking if you are interested in joining us. Apparently she enjoyed your company - up to you but you're welcome to stay if you can get flights for next month.'
The location was in the Canary Islands. I checked with Sue and she was up for another break, especially if the costs were kept down; we had spent most of our spare cash on the previous trip. I trawled through some discount airline sites and before the evening was out we had another holiday all booked. The next few weeks dragged by but in due course we found ourselves on a cheap flight, keeping the price down even further by avoiding the fees that packed luggage incur with these carriers and just taking the minimal amount in small carry-on bags.
We arrived in the early afternoon at the airport in the barren volcanic landscape and swept past baggage reclaim to walk quickly out of the Arrivals hall. The others had arrived the day before and Richard was waiting in a hire car to take us to the accommodation. This turned out to be an isolated villa in a tiny valley about an hour drive from the airport. There was a private pool at the rear of the house with a view of the sea but the unmade track which led to the property ensured that passing traffic and members of the public were kept away.
Their daughter Cress was staying at home being looked after by doting grandparents so wasn't present. On the other hand we found that another person was going to be sharing the villa.
Veronica - who everyone called Vee was Fiona's elder sister, recovering after a recent divorce. She turned out to be not at all like her sibling. Her hair was a wild shock of auburn pulled back into a pony-tail and she wore no make-up. She was about the same height as me - just over six feet - and what my grandmother would have called a 'strapping wench', others might describe her an Amazon.
She carried a bit more weight - both on her chest with firm, prominent breasts and in the form of some well-defined muscles. Vee had a ruddy complexion and clearly worked out regularly.
There was a resemblance with her sister in the facial features; she had a striking statuesque quality with clear blue eyes. When we arrived she was wearing a bright blue sarong wrap around the hips and a white cropped top, showing a flat stomach, a long and lean pair of legs - and those very distracting breasts.
Fiona was elegant as ever in a very short maroon skinny dress top with a chain belt. It had thin spaghetti straps and clung in all the right places including to her nipples.
Whilst we unpacked, Richard started a charcoal barbecue for evening meal. As we only had the small hand cases that didn't take long, but we were hot and sticky from the journey so we showered and then looked for fresh clothes from our tiny pile of T shirts and shorts.
Our room had a patio door overlooking the pool area and Sue pointed to where the others were sitting. Vee was swimming vigorously in the pool, doing endless tumble-turns from end to end - although it wasn't really big enough to do proper lengths as such. Her ass repeatedly bobbed above the surface and there was no sign of a bathing suit. The others were naked on the sun-loungers, basking in the late afternoon heat.
In the circumstances there seemed little point in dressing so I wrapped a towel around my waist and I opened the glass door to joined them. Three more loungers were lined up so I sat down and stretched out to dry in the sun.
Sue followed me with her towel tucked securely around herself above the bust.
After a while Vee stopped flashing her butt doing the tumble-turns and climbed out of the pool, standing dripping and nude. Uncovered, her full breasts jutted out without sign of surgical interference. They gave the impression of missile warheads aimed towards the horizon with small dark brown nipples. We were introduced properly, which seemed wrong somehow. I couldn't help thinking that people should wear something when introductions were made.
We found that she worked as a Police Officer in the mounted section - she was not currently, she commented drily a 'mounted officer' as unfortunately her husband had left her for a colleague and the villa had been part of the settlement.
As she took the remaining lounger I saw that her toned stomach led via a tiny landing strip of trimmed hair to her stupendously long legs with strong thighs and calves which were obviously developed in gyms and from many years of horse-riding. Her inner labia protruded prominently from her pussy, darkly pigmented contrasting with the paler skin alongside.
I loosened my towel and dared to show myself but I noticed that Sue kept her wrap tucked securely as we lay on the sun-loungers.
Richard kept an eye on the barbecue and after a while announced that food would take about an hour. At this news, Vee commented that she was going for a run and pulled on a tight pair of black Lycra shorts and matching athletic bra. The shorts were pulled right up between the cheeks of her ass, displaying the well-developed glutes but were rolled down low over the belly, barely covering her mound.
With a pair of training shoes on her feet she climbed over the rear garden wall and dropped down out of sight. She reappeared shortly after in the distance running up the gully of a dried up stream bed, hopping effortlessly over the scattered stones.
"She just can't keep still," Richard said. "Since the break-up Vee's been living on her nerves."
"It's hardly surprising the way that bastard treated her," Fiona defended her sister. "This was their little hidey-hole together and now she's stuck with it. We wouldn't really have come here except to keep her company, she's been so down."
Richard had wrapped his towel around his waist whilst loading the barbecue and Fiona followed suit with hers around the hips. She buttered bread rolls, then chopped some fruit and mixed a bottle of red wine with lemonade and ice to make sangria. Her bare back soon had a rivulet of sweat which trickled down her spine till it disappeared into the soft material above the swell of her bum. Her bare brown breasts jiggled with the movements but her make-up and hair remained flawless.
The glass jug of iced sangria was glistening with condensation and presently Fiona picked it up and pressed it to her chest between her breasts, rolling the droplets off onto her skin. She kept the coolness still until her nipples were poking stiffly.
Presently Vee returned from her run, breathing heavily and soaked in sweat and went to take a shower.
Sue and I went to our room and dressed, just as Richard pronounced the food nearly cooked and he also went to put on a pair of shorts. When we came back to the patio Vee was freshly showered and brushing out her damp hair. She was wearing a loose skirt and a low-cut halter top showing brown cleavage and side-boob all the way down to her belly button.
We sat at a small table under an awning to eat and watch the near-tropical sunset. When it was dark and the stars became clearly visible, unhindered by any street lighting Richard switched on some music quietly from within the house. The sangria was finished, and tired after our long journey Sue and I retired to our room leaving the others chatting by the pool. We undressed and lay still in the half light, then with the babble of soft music and voices drifting in from outside, dozed off.
* * *
I awoke in silence and darkness. The room had retained an airless, stifling heat and I was soaked in perspiration. I stood up to slide open the door and sucked in the oxygen. The fresh air was a welcome relief and I could now hear waves crashing against the distant shore. The pool was black, still in the starlight and the Milky Way was a swathe across the clear sky so I crossed the patio and stood by the garden wall gazing up at the constellations.
I heard a slight noise alongside and found that Sue had joined me. She had not covered herself either and I reached a hand around her hips then stroked her bum, from her soft thighs up to the top of her buttocks. I slowly brushed the sensitive cleft between her cheeks as she leaned slightly against my side and held my cock until it stiffened. We remained for some time, fondling each other under the stars, listening to the faint sound of the waves.
I took her hand and led Sue to the poolside. We sat on the edge dangling our feet in the fresh water, watching ripples spread across the darkness. The water was cold on our warm skin but quite pleasant after the first touch. After some minutes I slid down into the pool which although small in size was quite deep. Sue followed, with a gasp at the coolness. I swam around the edge whilst she gathered confidence and then we floated gently in the middle.
I climbed out of the pool and grabbed a couple of fresh towels from the room as Sue also pulled herself out of the pool up the metal ladder. I threw one of the towels to her and we dried off before sitting on a lounger in the darkness cuddling without speaking. She automatically tucked the towel modestly back around herself as we sat and studied the constellations.
I then heard a sniffle from the shadows near a leafy bush in the corner of the patio. I jumped at the noise and saw that a person was hiding there. As I approached to investigate, the person stood up and I realised it was Vee.
She had tears running down her cheeks and had bits of twigs in her hair from the bush. Sobbing, she apologised and explained that she had been standing in the dark when we had come out. Trying not to be noticed she had ducked down out of sight. "It looked so romantic, you being so happy together, looking at the stars," she sobbed "I just couldn't help thinking about my 'ex' and the first time we stayed here."
Sue, with her towel tucked around her boobs gave her a hug. However it was not secure and fell to the floor at the contact. I saw that Vee's halter top had parted at the deep cleavage leaving the two women standing chest to chest - except that the height difference meant that Sue had a substantial pair of breasts either side of her face."I'm sorry, I didn't mean to disturb you" Vee repeated before dashing inside the house.
Sue picked up the towel and with a shrug she carried it back to our room.
* * *
The next day, the first proper day of the holiday, we woke up to a blazing sun. It was clear that we needed to apply high-factor sun cream to prevent burn, so Sue and I applied it to each other all over. We used a waterproof all-day product, as we had in Greece previously. This not only meant that we did not need to worry about clothes moving and allowing burn on unprotected areas, but also allowed me to massage all over her perfect little body, then for her to do the same for me, paying special attention to the areas not normally exposed.
After breakfast we all stepped over the wall from the patio and walked down the dry stream-bed of the valley to the tiny secluded beach, which took around 10 minutes. There were no roads to cross or other houses to pass and the beach had a mixture of golden soft sand and dark volcanic grit.
Vee and Fiona stripped off and lay down, Richard busied himself setting out towels and sun-umbrellas before also undressing. I slipped off my shorts and pointed out to Sue that she would be collecting tan-lines again if she stayed wearing a bikini in the strong sun. Soon she quietly stripped off the bra top when no-one was looking and lay on her front. I was seriously impressed; this was the first time that she had ever sunbathed topless and I was aware of how much nerve it took her.
Presently the other three went for a dip. Sue waited a while longer before turning onto her back and showing her breasts to the warmth of the sun. She wasn't bold enough to skinny-dip in broad daylight so kept her bikini bottom before going into the water, quickly moving to sufficient depth to cover herself. Still she was topless in public, even if everyone else present was nude. I went for a solitary swim to leave her enjoy the experience.
When we returned to the beach Sue ventured to sit quietly topless. Small steps, but gradually I saw that she was becoming more and more confidant.
After a couple of hours of sun and sea Richard pointed out that the mid-day sun was too fierce to remain out in so early in the holiday, so we packed up and made our way back up the hill. Fiona put her one-piece costume back on, looking as immaculate as ever, but Vee just slipped on her sandals and walked up nude - not that anyone else could see us anyway in the gully of the stream bed.
We spent the afternoon sheltering from the sun in the house, snoozing away the remaining tiredness of the previous day's travelling.
In the evening we put on some music and sat on the patio chatting with the music system playing Spanish guitars gently in the background. Vee had covered up with a sarong tied over one shoulder, Fiona was wearing a loose pair of purple harem pants of a sheer chiffon material worn low on the hips and a pair of sandals. She remained topless and her tanned breasts had acquired a burnished glow.
The sun started to set and the heat left the day as we drank cold bottled lager from the refrigerator.
The music on the player changed to a Moroccan flute and Fiona, obviously tipsy from the lager, started to give us a belly-dance. Her clothing was certainly appropriately Arabic and as she shimmied around with her nipples jiggling I could see that there really was nothing underneath the semi-transparent pants.
She sat down as the music returned to Spanish guitar, breathing heavily and a sheen of perspiration on her skin. Vee stood up and danced an enthusiastic flamenco, throwing her arms around until her sarong proved too loose and a single breast slipped out to one side. Unabashed she continued dancing until the music finished and she sat down laughing. She tried to pull the thin material back across the escaped flesh but the make-shift garment had twisted and would not stay to cover it. She relaxed, leaning back on her elbows and left the errant tit hang loose. "Sue, come on - show us your moves!" she called out.
Sue can dance when she's warmed up and tonight she was hot. She was just wearing one of my white T-shirts as a short dress and stood up. Twirling round the patio like a madwoman, she gave everything she had. No real style, just an outpouring of energy.
When she sat again, exhausted, Vee was laughing. "My God, I thought you were shy. All coy on the beach, and now you're dancing like an idiot without any knickers on." She had obviously noticed that the T-shirt barely covered Sue's ass and had been flying in the air. This didn't particularly surprise me, when we met Sue was much more modest regarding her breasts than her pussy.
"Well, we didn't bring much, we didn't have any room in the cases" Sue protested. "Anyway, there's something in the lager."
"Yes, alcohol." I said quickly.
She jumped up again. "Put the music up higher". She commenced dancing again, around and around with the shirt rising up waist-high exposing her bum and bare pussy until she suddenly lost her balance and stumbled dizzily to the ground, landing in a sitting position on the floor near the pool. Then, in slow motion she overbalanced backwards, raised her legs in the air and toppled upside down into the water.
Vee was closest and immediately jumped in to grab hold of Sue, who emerged coughing and spitting water. When they both managed to regain dry land, Sue's wet T-shirt was almost completely transparent as was Vee's sarong which had now released both breasts. The short skirt part of the garment was only partially covering her patch of pubic hair and clinging seductively to the wet skin.
Together the pair staggered back into the house to dry and Richard also disappeared to clear up the plates and glasses.
Fiona and I sat giggling and chatting for a while and then she stood and started dancing again. As I was the only one left, the belly-dance was clearly aimed at me. She shook her shoulders, making her firm breasts shimmy from side to side and leaned over backwards to thrust her pussy towards me, visible through the thin sheer material.
She high-kicked and hip-swivelled, then turned away and slowly bent over wiggling her ass with her feet wide apart to flash herself at me. She placed her forehead on the ground and looked back through her legs to peek at me staring at her butt and pussy.
Then she span round and ripped off the pants, which I realised had been fastened with a Velcro fastening down the sides. She stood nude except for her sandals, breathing heavily towering over me.
"Careful," I whispered "Sue and Richard will be coming back out now."
"Richard has made himself scarce" she replied. "He knows when to disappear. And don't worry about Sue and Vee, are you blind?"
"What do you mean?" I was confused.
"Come on you must have noticed, Vee is bi and Sue has pulled. They tied up last night after you had that midnight encounter, when you were kipping."
"But Sue isn't gay."
"So what do you know. She's certainly bi-curious and now it looks like she's finding out what it's all about."
"I don't think so. Anyway, how do you reckon she's bi-curious?"
"Haven't you noticed the way she looks me up and down when she thinks I'm not looking, and the way she stares at Vee? I noticed it the first time on the beach in Greece. You were both staring at my box like it was wrapped up with ribbons underneath a Christmas tree, it's obvious."
I was unconvinced despite the colourful phrase. "What do you mean about Richard knowing when to disappear?"
"He knows about my needs, when I get horny for extras he lets me work it out but I'm not allowed to let anyone cum in me. Only he's allowed to do that. I'm only scratching an itch, he knows it, he lets me. It's a mutual arrangement, don't worry about that. If he has something to do he lets me know and I'll bugger off out of the way."
She stepped closer, so that her pussy was nuzzling against my nose. Her thighs separated further and I felt a hand on the back of my head pressing my face closer. Her breath was now louder than the sea as my nose entered the folds of soft and musky flesh.
She murmured "How does it make you feel, finding out about your wife?"
I pulled back for a second. "I don't believe it, she's so straight. Honestly I'd be amazed."
She took my hand and pulled me to my feet. Wordlessly she led me around the side of the house to a window. I could see into a bedroom where a bedside light was giving some illumination and I saw Vee lying on her back with her legs wide apart and the unmistakeable figure of my wife kneeling between her thighs on the bed with her pale bottom in the air and her face firmly against the dark strip of Vee's bush.
I tensed and I felt Fiona close behind, putting her arms around me, "It's something you can't compete against. It has nothing to do with her desire for you" She slid her hands down inside my shorts until she cupped my balls. "What do you want to do. Stand here and watch for a while?"
I was transfixed as Sue's head nodded slowly against Vee's body. They were both clearly enjoying the experience.
Soon the manipulations of the naked lady behind me caused a stirring. Fiona eased down my shorts which dropped to the ground and she continued to stroke me as the two women before us changed position and then interlocked.
Fiona encircled my scrotum above my balls with her fingers and thumb and gently tugged, leading me by my testicles back to the patio. She laid me down on the sun-lounger, then turned away from me. Bending over at the waist, she spread her legs wide so that I had a clear view of her labia and anus. Very slowly, she opened her labia and closed them together, repeating her party trick.
She bent her knees and squatted down on my chest and I felt her hands move on me again. Soon she had moved so that she was kneeling over my face and her warm mouth was around my cock, tongue swirling.
I moved my hands down to hold her weight by the armpits, the light wisps of hair between my fingers as I used my tongue to run up and down her pussy from her clitoris to her anus, then pushing between her labia and into the passage of her vagina before returning to the clit. Eventually she stiffened and her full weight descended onto my nose and mouth, suffocating me.
I lifted her hips with my hands so that I could breath once more but she gripped with her knees for some seconds longer before releasing me.
She continued with her mouth until I came, and carried on working me with her hands and mouth until I was soft again. As I lay recovering I could feel her licking my testicles, her saliva cool in the night air.
She rose, gathered her clothing and walked off into the house without saying another word.
I went directly to the sliding door to our room and entered. Sue was lying on the bed wrapped tightly in a sheet in the dark and as I lay alongside her, she reached out and held my hand. She was breathing heavily.
I could feel her trembling. "Hey love, what's the matter?" I enquired.
"Nothing, it's just, you know, a strange trip. Vee and Fiona and Richard and all."
"Are you happy with everything?"
"Yes, I didn't think I would be but I'm really happy at the moment."
I didn't tell her what I had witnessed, but put my arm round her shoulders and cuddled her. She continued holding me until her hand loosened and I found that she had fallen asleep.
* * *
During the night I awoke again with the heat and went out to the pool to think, and take a dip by myself under the moon and stars. There were few answers to the questions that I asked myself but I felt refreshed and went back to sleep leaving the door slightly open for ventilation.
The next day we were back at the poolside. Sue was quiet and withdrawn and was wearing her bikini defensively.
Vee came in to breakfast bounding with energy and then went off for an early run. I decided that she really did have a most impressive bum when she appeared wearing the Lycra shorts that fitted right between her buttocks. The tight bra top contained her breasts well as she jogged off up the gully.
Later we all sat silently on the beach until it was time to return to the villa at mid-day. We sat in the shade without speaking, the conversation had dried considerably. Vee disappeared to her room.
Eventually I had enough of the quietness and had a word with Sue. "How are things between you and Vee?"
"Oh, fine, you know. No problem."
"I heard that she wanted to speak to you." This was of course a lie. Vee had gone to her room without comment. "Why don't you see what she wants?"
"Do you think I should? I don't really know."
"What's your name, Mabel? Go and knock on her door, what's the worst thing that can happen."
She hesitated before rising. "If you're sure I should." She walked around the pool and into the house.
I waited for about an hour by the pool sheltering under the awning, taking the occasional dip and making small-talk with Richard and Fiona. Eventually Sue re-appeared, followed a few seconds later by Vee. Both had just showered. Vee was wrapped in a towel which she removed and dropped, diving into the pool. Sue sat with me, wearing a T-shirt.
"Did you have a good chat with Vee?" I started.
"Yes, very interesting" she replied non-committally.
I said nothing further and eventually it was nearly time for evening meal. We decided to all go out to a local restaurant and dressed up in as much finery as we possessed. I was limited by my stock of T-shirts and shorts, Sue made one of my longer T-shirts into a short dress combined with a belt and high-heels - making sure that she was wearing panties this time. We went around the house to the rental car, when suddenly Sue stopped dead. Ahead of her in front of Vee's bedroom window, on the ground my crumpled shorts lay discarded from the previous night.
Sue silently picked them up and handed them to me. I took them into the house and dropped them in our room. We then continued to the car and drove to the restaurant in silence.
* * *
"You've been watching me." It was a statement of fact; we had returned to the villa and were alone in our room. I wondered what to say, what could be said without causing the most awful row. I bottled it and took the easy way out; I remained silent.
"You know what I've been doing." That didn't seem to require an answer. "Oh fuck." The expletive hung in the air for an age.
I decided to say something at last. "Yes, I know you've been sleeping with Vee."
"So what happened with the shorts, were you standing there watching and wanking?"
That threw me. Typical woman; go on the offensive, I thought. Should I say that I was, or admit screwing Fiona? Fat chance, I decided that the better option was to ignore the point. "So, you're having a lesbian affair behind my back. Is this a complete lifestyle thing or just a holiday fling?
"I don't know, I never expected this, I've never fancied a girl before. I still feel exactly the same way about you. So now you know, what are you going to do about it?"
To tell the truth, I didn't have a clue. I wasn't repulsed by the concept, but had never previously considered it. Some guys might have said "Can I watch?" but that didn't seem big or clever at the time. I weighed up the options. If I threw a wobbly, the holiday would be over and we'd both be stuck a thousand miles from home with no funds for tickets. Then a divorce and the end of our married life together. On the other hand I could say that I accepted it and then we could get on with things; and of course I could always change my mind later.
In the end, being a coward I chose the latter option. "So long as it doesn't affect our love, I'll have to consider it. I think you'll have to stop being secretive, tell me what's going on and how you feel." That was a bit rich I thought to myself, whilst I was getting blow-jobs from Fiona.
"Anyway" Sue said, returning to the subject of my activities. "What about Fiona, I've seen the way you look at her and keep on disappearing when she's not around. You were doing it last holiday and suddenly we get invited here. Are you screwing her?"
Oh shit, I thought. Here we go. This was going to go badly. However, never admit anything you don't have to, just be vague. "I'm not in love with her."
"Good. So it's just lust for both of us."
This wasn't the conversation I imagined I'd be having when I woke up this morning. I then saw tears in her eyes. "No need to cry dear, we can work this out for both of us."
"I knew it." She started to blub.
"What now?"
"She's got much bigger tits than me, I knew you never fancied me."
I put my arms round her and hugged her. Now it seemed to be all out in the open, there seemed little point in foolish denials. Stick to the truth, I thought. "Absolutely not at all, I love your tiny breasts and pointy nipples that'll have my eyes out one day. And your little bottom and the crinkly lips of your pussy. It's not that at all. Probably it's more like what you feel with Vee, you can look at something you fancy and appreciate it, then if it's on offer you might pick it up. It doesn't mean anything more than that." Well I thought, that probably wouldn't pass muster on many days but that was the best I could come up with - and at least she was on the defensive.
To reinforce the point I stripped off her T-shirt and caressed her breasts until she stopped sobbing. "In fact she would be much prettier if she didn't have such big breasts." I added. Not, I thought, that Fiona had a great deal up front anyway. Unlike Vee who had plenty.
I slid open the door to the patio, letting in some cooler air. I took Sue's hand and led her, she just in her panties and me in shorts, to the back wall where we could watch the stars and listen to the waves. I stood behind her and held her around the chest under her arms so that I could stroke her armpits and snuggle my chin into the nape of her neck.
She softened, as she always did when I did that. After a long time of standing silently, feeling the warmth of our bodies standing close, she spoke softly. "If I'm to tell you what I'm doing with Vee and be open about our relationship, you have to do the same with Fiona."
As we stood pondering that logic which sounded dangerous at best, Sue's hands moved behind her and slid into my shorts to hold me. Well I thought, all is not lost if she's still feeling romantic. I turned her around and hugged her close with her stiff nipples nearly half an inch long pressing into my chest. Then I stooped and kissed her gently on each nipple before kneeling and easing down her panties to plant a tender kiss on her clitoris. Not licking and caressing - just a single kiss, as romantic as I could make it. I pulled the panties back up and she looked at me with a disappointed expression.
I knelt upright so that her breasts were either side of my face. "I love you and your body as much as I ever did." I whispered.
"Likewise." she replied, raising me to my feet. She lowered my shorts to my ankles and took hold of my cock, planting a kiss on the end. Then she squatted down on her haunches and kissed my testicles in turn.
"So we agree to carry on loving each other as always?"
"Yes, we are for ever." Sue took me between her lips and ran a wet tongue along the length of my cock before sliding me in and out of her mouth, until I was completely erect. She stood. "We have nothing to fear then from anyone else." She eased down her panties to the floor and stepped out of them. Standing with her legs wide apart, she took my hand and placed it to cup her pussy. Then she wriggled slightly so that my middle finger slipped into the space between her labia, but without penetrating her completely. She reached across and cupped my testicles and we stood still gazing into each others eyes.
"So is it a promise" she whispered. "Do we swear on each other's bits?"
I nodded silently and we stood still for several minutes before we pulled up our clothes and returned into the villa.
* * *
Sue knocked on Vee's door. "Come in" came the reply. Vee was lying on the bed reading a book. The sheet was over her, but only up to her waist and her brown breasts were exposed, contrasting with the whiteness of the sheet. She made no attempt to cover them as we entered.
"We've had a good chat and sorted a few things out" started Sue. "We both know about each other, about me and you, and I know about him and Fiona. And I want to make sure that everyone knows that we're both happy and we want things to carry on, just the way they are." Vee had looked very startled when Sue began to speak but relaxed as she continued. "The thing is, we have to be open about what and when we're doing it." Sue then sat on the bed next to Vee. "I want us to kiss in front of my husband and be open about it."
She reached across and put her arms around Vee, who returned the embrace but in a more chaste fashion than that I had witnessed previously. Sue freed an arm and pushed the sheet down exposing Vee as far as her knees. She stroked the flat belly above the short curls before cupping a breast.
Vee looked at me. "This is a bit strange, if you don't mind me saying. Are you sure you want to be here and see this?"
"It's what we agreed." I nodded "We have to be honest with each other."
"How honest?" said Vee. "Are you standing around gawking like a pervert or are you being involved as an equal?"
I thought for a moment. "As an equal I suppose, hadn't really thought about it that far." I looked at Sue. "Is that OK, as equals?"
"Damn right" she said. "We get involved from now on as a couple, equal."
I sat on the edge of the bed nervously and touched Sue's hand. Vee spoke. "Either you're involved or you're not. Get over here." She sat up and caught hold of my arm. Her grip was surprisingly strong and confident and I saw that her bicep was clearly defined, I could imagine her controlling police horses without a problem. She pulled me across to her side of the bed so that she was in the middle between Sue and me. She unbuttoned my shorts which swiftly landed on the floor, Sue's knickers were similarly vanquished.
When we were all naked Vee arranged us in a triangle, kneeling on the bed. Then she reached forwards and grasped my cock. "Do you like it when I do that?" She asked.
I was about to reply but realised that she was looking straight at Sue, who nodded silently.
Vee moved her hand and started gently stroking my sack, still looking at Sue. "And when I do that?" She ran her fingers lightly around my nuts, tickling and tantalising.
Sue nodded again as my body reacted automatically to the stimulation.
Vee took my hand and placed it on her breast, heavy and full; a different sensation from my usual diet of miniature swellings. Instinctively I cupped it and felt its soft weight.
Sue pushed Vee onto her back and started making love to her, kissing her on the pussy with her bum in the air like she had when I had first seen them together. In that position I was able to stroke those cute crinkly lips that protrude so prettily between her thighs. Those lovely limbs opened for me to touch her clitoris, as we continued there was a series of moans from the ladies until we changed position and Vee moved to take my cock in her mouth.
Sue suddenly became possessive and made sure that it was her lips that pleasured me, leaving Vee to use her tongue on Sue's pussy. The triangle was completed by me running my tongue around Vee's labia, licking up into the soft wiry hairs of her furry upper pubic area. Her labia were smooth and bare, with a deep musk scent. The trimmed area was a triangle that started above her clitoris, tickling my nose.
We changed positions several times after that, until I found Vee inviting me to mount her and looking at Sue for confirmation. She lay on her back in a standard missionary position and Sue kissed her whilst holding and guiding my cock into Vee's vagina. She was much looser than Sue or Fiona as I entered, the warm and slippery haven inviting me to slide straight in to the hilt.
Then, she stilled me with her arms and I felt her internal muscles grip me tight until she prevented me from moving purely using the awesome strength of her pussy. She relaxed the tension so I could thrust whilst holding her by the buttocks, then I felt a hand between my legs, reaching for my testicles.
Sue's hand cupped and then held my balls firmly as I fucked Vee, until the pressure grew and I finally came. With an extra-strong thrust I emptied myself into Vee as she gripped her legs around my waist holding me tight.
Sue continued to hold me underneath and then smiled at me. "I could feel your balls tense up as you came, that was fantastic."
I slowly softened and withdrew from Vee who remained lying on her back but with her knees wide apart. Sue knelt between her open legs stroking the firm thighs, causing small moans to come from Vee. She then ran her fingers over Vee's clitoris and down along the slit, still wide open and with a globule of semen trickling out making it's way down towards the crack between the cheeks of her bum.
To my amazement Sue then bent down and licked away the bead of white cum. Was this the same Sue who had been so reluctant to even sunbathe topless on a nude beach so recently? She held the globule on her tongue for a second before taking it into her mouth. She raised herself and shared a long kiss with Vee before returning. She licked and swallowed, licked and swallowed until Vee was breathing heavily again. Vee pulled my wrist until I was lying down and she could take my now flaccid and slightly sore cock in her mouth and swirl her tongue around it.
Gradually the spells between the thighs became longer, the kisses shorter and the breathing heavier. Vee's thighs were even wider apart and her hips began to swivel and grind against Sue's face. I lay alongside Vee but now she had forgotten my cock as Sue's tongue fluttered around her. The tempo increased and Vee then grasped Sue's head and held it firmly with her nose shoved into her clitoris. Vee emitted a groan and then shuddered, rubbing Sue's head against her groin before relaxing. The two women snuggled in each other's arms with their legs interlocked and soon they were both asleep. I pulled the bed-sheet across them and managed to cover myself also.
* * *
The morning sun was shining brightly through the thin curtains and I was lying next to Vee who was between us. The bed-sheet was across their stomachs but had been pulled off me completely. Vee muttered and stirred. "Did last night really happen?"
I needed to take a leak so got up and left the room, walking across the lounge area of the villa to the bathroom. I had a quick shower and came out, drying myself with a fresh towel. Fiona was standing next to the refrigerator in the kitchen area; the property was open-plan. As usual her hair looked like she'd just come from the salon and she was wearing a short purple vest top which didn't even come close to covering her bare bum. With a string of pearls and earrings. I mean, who the hell wears jewellery but no knickers? "Did I hear you both with Vee last night?"
"Um, yes." This was going to be a difficult conversation. "Sue figured I knew about them, so she wanted us to be open together." I paused.
"Well it certainly sounded like you were open together."
"The thing is, she also figured out about me and you."
"Huh?"
"And if we get together again she wants to be there and join in. It has to be as an equal. That's what we agreed"
"If you think you're going to have a fivesome with me and Richard, forget it." She gritted her teeth, standing with her hands on her hips and feet apart showing her labia. She had a sexiness hard to resist. Even though the door to her room was shut and the television could be heard in the background, we were speaking in not much more than whispers. "I get my kicks and Richard's OK with that but we're not into any swinger scene. The point of this holiday was to see if Vee could be cheered up and in the last day or so there's been a transformation. Whatever Sue has been doing to her has been effective, for sure. I hope there'll be no downturn if you're getting involved."
"I hope so to. Actually Richard doesn't have to be part of the equation, just that Sue needs to be part of anything between us from now on."
Just then a door opened and Richard emerged from their room, heading for the bathroom. Fiona returned to fixing breakfast, I went to find some shorts.
That morning Vee and Fiona went off in the rented car to the nearest town for groceries, leaving Richard behind with Sue and I. The sky was overcast and so it seemed an ideal day to get some chores done rather than haunt the beach.
We threw some laundry in the washing machine and then Sue did some ironing. Even though there was cloud in the sky it was still very warm and Sue, hot and sweaty with the exertions ended up taking off her T-shirt and ironing topless. Little rivulets of perspiration trickled down between her breasts as she worked, despite her repeatedly dabbing herself with a piece of paper towel.
Another step I thought. Quite a big one this time, to perform a household chore uncovered.
Richard brushed the patio around the pool; it was getting gritty underfoot due to sand being constantly carried in the wind. He reckoned that the sun would still tan through the clouds, so he remained nude whilst he brushed. I thought he might catch himself and get an injury but it didn't happen. I kept my shorts on and risked getting tan-lines whilst I cleared some weeds from the garden and watered the plants using a hose reel which was in the corner of the patio.
Eventually Sue was done and packed away. She came out to the poolside and stood by the wall to catch some wind, taking her shorts off. I was impressed by this change in her modesty that allowed her to stand naked in full view of a recent acquaintance. Then she took the hose and drenched herself, washing away the sweat.
"Look, you're covered in dust and bits from the weeds as well, wash it off before you do anything else" she suggested, sprinkling the water which felt freezing over my hot legs and feet. "Take off the shorts".
I dropped the shorts and put them out of the way and she gave me the full blast of water. It was a shock at first but very refreshing as the grime was washed away. "Richard, do you fancy a shower?" she called. He came over and received a soaking and we then stood chatting whilst we drip-dried in the wind.
"So, you're both keeping Vee happy" Richard mentioned, casually. "She's been down in the dumps recently but the last couple of days, since she's had a good screwing, have worked wonders."
This was going to be another one of those uncomfortable conversations, I could tell already. "I said to Fiona" he continued, "What Vee needs is a top shag. Then, when she said that you'd both been eyeing her up and the chance for this break came up, it all made sense."
How I thought, was I to talk about shagging his sister in law and fancying his wife when there was water dripping from his penis?
"Fi said that you'd done the necessary very well in Greece" Oh shit, I thought. "She's a good judge like that, she said straight away that if we could get you both here that Vee would be brought out of her shell. I know, some people think we have a strange way of running our lives but I couldn't give a fuck for them, it works for us. If she wants to get laid she'll go for it, likewise me. The only stipulation is that vaginal orgasm is reserved for ourselves."
"We have a stipulation as well" piped up Sue. "Whatever we get up to has to be as a couple. No secrets, no furtive affairs."
"Does Fiona know about this? Richard looked amused. "I get the impression that it doesn't always work that way."
"It's a new policy" explained Sue. "We decided last night whatever has happened before, has happened - but now it's together or not at all."
Just then I heard a car approaching along the track and Vee and Fiona returned. Vee had a broad grin and had armfuls of cheap carrier bags full of stuff. "We're back!"
Fiona had added a pair of tight black leggings to the vest top that she had been wearing earlier. These fitted every contour but were quickly shed "They were too hot" she sighed. "I didn't think with the weather that I'd feel it, but now I'm sweating like a paedophile at the school gates." She threw the pants through the doorway into her room and stretched her legs out wide. "Any longer and I'd have caught a fungal condition. Anyway, are we going to the beach?"
"Why don't we go for a hike up into the mountains?" suggested Richard. "The week is coming to an end and we've only been to the beach and the shops."
"I'd rather spend the time naked" spoke up Sue, to my astonishment. Okay, she had been quite brazen by the pool but my little modest wife who was usually so shy of showing even me her flat chest had suddenly caught the naturist bug. The careful application of sun creams and avoidance of the burning mid-day sun had enabled a glowing tan to develop where she had previously been lily white.
"We could do both" suggested Vee. "We could hike nude from here into the hills, if we take a bit of care. There's only one road to cross and there's not much traffic even if it is the main road."
And so it was decided that we would sneak up the gully, cross the road and disappear up the mountain. Fiona fixed a light snack that Richard could carry in a small back-pack.
We all undressed except for shoes for the rough ground and climbed over the wall into the gulley, heading uphill. When we reached the road we waited but couldn't hear any cars coming, so dashed across. Sue being the most nervous ended up last and just as she was halfway across the road a tourist coach appeared in the distance. The driver gave a toot as he passed and Sue, being stranded could do little except scuttle across bent double trying to conceal herself as the vehicle passed with passengers looking through the windows. The rest of us hid in the gully.
Once we were out of sight of the road, we were able to relax and stroll in the sun and warm breeze up into the beautiful scenery of the unspoiled hills away from the coastal strip.
We came to an area of almost level land which had a sparse covering of small scrub. I heard a tinkling noise and then saw a number of goats in the distance walking in our direction. We were without any cover, the goats were bleating and had bells on their necks. A young lad with a stick was herding the animals and he looked at us as we walked past him. He showed no reaction as if naked people strolled past him every day.
The gradient became steeper and we started climbing again, ever upwards. We had built up a sweat with the effort and the dust was sticking to our skin. Sue started to lag behind so we paused briefly for a rest and admired the view. We could see nearly half the island stretching away with the bright blue sea in the distance. Some clouds had remained from the morning and darker ones were forming in the distance, breaking up the normally endless blue sky. Then it was upwards again, as we now found ourselves following a narrow track through large boulders.
I noticed a dark cloud menacing overhead and realised that the distant weather formations had moved much closer. Then there were heavy drops of rain falling, but there was no shelter on the barren hillside. Suddenly the heavens opened and a downpour was upon us. Warm rain bounced from the rocks, beating down on our bodies with streams forming, washing loose gravel down the hill and it was difficult to see more than a few yards.
We were quickly drenched, with a sudden chill in the air. I looked back at Sue, whose nipples had become fully erect. She looked fully relaxed and comfortable with her nudity.
Vee had strode ahead, those steel buns and bulging thighs carrying her effortlessly across the volcanic landscape. She paused and turned around with her arms outspread, spinning round with the rainwater running down her body. Laughing, she turned her face up to the sky and let the rain wash her, dripping steadily from her breasts and streaming down her legs.
Fiona and Richard walked close together, he helping her over some of the steeper sections as the dirt turned to mud underneath out feet. Somehow she maintained the natural elegance without her clothes but her normally immaculate hair was now bedraggled and she ran her fingers through it, slicking it back.
As suddenly as it started, the weather cleared and the sun shone once more. The damp earth became shrouded with steam and within a few minutes the land was dry and there was no sign that there had ever been rain. We were now dry also, with the slight breeze flowing over our bodies.
The hill became even steeper as we neared the peak, but the hillside was covered with wisps of cool mist which became denser until the visibility was only a few yards. We reached a sharp crest and I went to look down the other side of the mountain. I found however that there was only fog shrouding any view.
Then I heard male voices and saw a couple of guys sitting in a crevasse between some boulders. They were wearing standard 'hiker' clothing of light waterproof jackets, stout boots, thick socks and shorts, with rucksacks. Both were young men and one was giving the other a slow hand-job as they talked.
They looked around and saw us standing naked just behind. We exchanged quick nods of greetings, us nonchalantly unclothed, they with stilled hands as they interrupted their private moment.
We turned and started to make our way back down the mountain, leaving the two men to resume their intimacy.
We followed goat tracks again, weaving down amongst the rocks and then we came out of the mist so that we could see the panoramic view again laid out in front of us with the incredibly bright turquoise sea contrasting with the golden beaches in the distance. We found a flat ledge and sat in the warmth of the sun, eating the small snack that Richard had been carrying. When we started off again, we found that the track had petered out so that we could walk as a group once more instead of single file. The sun was beating down now and we were perspiring again in the heat as we descended. Soon we were all covered in thick dust again and were the same colour as the rocks, blending in with the countryside.
Eventually I could see the road in the distance and we paused. My legs were aching with the strain of the descent and we all sat briefly in the dirt for a rest. We continued then until we reached the road, when Vee paused and turned to us. "What happened to the level part where we saw the goats on the way up?"
We were clearly at the wrong place. We looked about and eventually Vee recognised where we were, some distance from the villa. The sun was starting to dip below the horizon and the light began to fail. There was no real option but to continue the march as stars began to shine in the sky.
She began leading the trek along the road, a car passed and with a loud blast on the horn I realised that I had started to forget that we were walking along the main highway without wearing a stitch of clothing beyond the shoes on our feet.
Tiredness meant that we no longer cared about being seen. We continued trudging along the road, ignoring any vehicles that passed.
Occasionally a car approached with headlights blazing after the dusk finally finished in an explosion of dying sun against the horizon, so we strolled by the light of the moon and stars for the most part. Sue started flagging behind and we had to slow down so that we kept together as a group.
I was feeling exhausted as we found the gully and walked down to the villa. We entered and Sue switched on the shower. Vee, being the one with most energy left ended up aiming the shower spray and wielding a sponge whilst we others stood still and accepted the washing down of the dust which rinsed away in rich swirls.
Richard fixed a quick bite to eat and opened some bottles of refreshing cold lager and then we all rested on the sun-loungers in the dark.
* * *
I awoke to hear the others talking and laughing; clearly I had dozed off. My leg muscles were aching and I had no energy. Lights from the house were shining through the windows to illuminate the patio, assisting the moonlight. Sue disappeared into the villa, returning shortly carrying my razor and a can of shaving foam. "We've decided to give you a shave, we can't have you the only one with a hairy growth."
I looked around at Vee, who I realised had removed the tuft of pubic hair and was now smooth.
I protested that I didn't want to be shaved and couldn't be bothered.
With that, Richard came over to me and overturned my sun-lounger, tossing me onto the hard patio. Suddenly Fiona was sitting on my shoulders with her pussy against my face. I felt the coldness of the aerosol being squirted on my groin and hands were spreading the foam around my genitals. Heavy bodies were holding my legs still so that I was completely immobile, I then felt the scraping of the razor as my pubes were shaved away from my body, then the base of my cock and from my balls which were gently stretched and pulled as the skin was straightened to allow the razor access, finishing with my testicles being lifted up and the hair behind being removed.
Eventually the shaving was complete, leaving a novel sensation of bareness. Then Fiona's pussy was swiftly removed from my face and a much more familiar version appeared in its place.
My most favourite crinkly lips ever were presented for the attention of my tongue, and I duly obliged. I had enough freedom now to look to the side and was able to see Fiona giving Richard a blow-job. I next felt a warm pussy clasp onto my cock and found that a strong pair of thighs was gripping my hips. Vee and Sue were embracing and kissing each other over the top of me, as the vagina with its crushing grip was doing its best to wring the life out of my cock.
On my right, Fiona was now kneeling on all fours and was being mounted from behind by Richard.
That night Vee shared our bed and we slept embracing each other.
* * *
The last day of the holiday was upon us. Was it that time already? How time flies. The morning sun was blasting down and sleep was impossible. I lay and felt a strange naked, exposed sensation in the nether regions, then I remembered the forced shave the previous evening. I inspected the results, I felt unusually smooth where I was used to feeling bristle and my cock looked naked without its usual fuzzy concealment.
Sue was watching me, leaning on one elbow. The bed-sheet had dropped to her waist and she made no attempt to conceal her nipples which were now browning after so much exposure. The slight breasts stood high against her chest, not much more than pectoral muscles. Vee still had her eyes closed but her breathing had quietened and it was clear that she had awakened.
"I need a shave myself" Sue announced. "I'm getting prickly." She gathered a towel to sit on and a razor and can of foam. "You can do me, if you want."
She lay back on the towel with her legs wide apart, presenting her pussy to me. I smoothed some foam over her pussy and scraped the razor across her skin, noticing that Vee was watching. I carefully shaved the labia, not wishing to damage the soft delicate skin. I finished by hoisting her bum in the air to allow better access to the area between the pussy and her butt.
Vee reached across and cradled my testicles, inspecting them closely. "You've got some stray hairs left, it's impossible to shave a man properly with just a razor. Too many wrinkles." She picked up a pair of tweezers from the bedside table and pushed me firmly down onto my back. Then I felt a series of stabs of pain in the scrotum as several hairs were plucked out.
Later when she was satisfied that I was completely hairless, we all walked down to the beach, leaving our clothes at the villa. There was a different atmosphere; a sense of recklessness and sadness, it being the last day. The sea was calm and yet again the sun was beating down, burning the parched land.
Vee picked up a rock and improvised a training routine, tossing it from hand to hand. As she lifted, her pectoral muscles caused her firm breasts to twitch. As she squatted and lunged, her thighs and buns bulged. Eventually Fiona suggested going for a dip. They paddled out into the first few inches of water but then Vee stood still, with her legs apart. There was then a splashing beneath her as she urinated openly into the sea.
The sisters giggled and then swam off into the distance and out of sight.
"This time tomorrow, we'll be flying." commented Sue inanely.
"Yes, provided I get medical clearance" replied Richard unexpectedly. He raised his leg in the air to show a cut on the sole of his foot. "I just stood on a sharp rock. Do you think they'll let someone on a plane when they're this seriously injured?"
We all laughed. "Let me have a look, I'm qualified. I saw a programme on the TV once about hospitals" giggled Sue. She caught hold of the bleeding foot and inspected it closely. "I can't see any way of you flying with this, hows your insurance?"
"It specifically excludes sole injuries, I think".
She firmly held the skin together. "It will be fine I expect, with some appropriate medical attention." Already the trickle of blood was congealing. She swivelled herself around and rested the foot on her thigh. She was now facing Richard and with her leg bent out at an angle, he was looking straight at her pussy. She seemed unaware of the exposure and scraped her fingernail along the arch of the sole. "I'll check your reflexes." His toes curled at the stimulation, so she repeated the movement.
"Ouch," he winced. "Can you call me an ambulance?"
"OK." Sue paused, then we both chanted together "You're an ambulance."
We all laughed at the old joke. She ran her finger back over the arch then tickled, causing him to jump. However she held on firmly and prevented him from snatching his foot away. She ran her hand more gently over his foot and then started massaging it, continuing up his calf. Richard relaxed at first, but then a twitch of movement caught my attention - he was getting a lazy lob.
Sue glanced at me, she had noticed it too. The leg still rested on her thigh, but her hand repeatedly stroked from his toes, over the foot and calf, ever higher up towards his thigh. I grinned at her, as he pretended to relax into a sleep. Sue continued and adjusted her position again so that the foot was against her belly, with his heel against the smoothly shaved area. She was leaning forwards to reach his thigh at the end of the stroke, with her stiffening right nipple brushing his great toe. It was clear that she was enjoying the contact.
Soon her hands were massaging his calf and thigh, with his distinct half-hard now showing. Then his toes started to wiggle, tweaking the nipple form side to side. He definitely wasn't sleeping.
As Sue moved to the inner thigh, the leg moved to the side, allowing her hand to stroke right up to the groin. Then she lightly brushed his testicles and tickled them. Now he had a full hard-on with his slender cock curving out and upwards. His eyes opened and he moved his feet so that his soles were resting against Sue's breasts, bending his knees wide apart so that she was able to fondle his balls. He spread his toes so that her stiff nipples passed between them, then he gripped and tugged them to the sides. She breathed sharply but continued.
Richard repeated the tugging with his toes as she dragged her fingernails in a circular motion across his exposed scrotum, then she scratched along the perineum towards the cleft of his butt and his toes released her as his feet fell to the side. Her finger traced between his buttocks which clenched against the sensation. Then she caught hold of his penis and looked into my eyes asking for my approval as she started to wank him.
He groaned as I nodded at Sue to continue. She shuffled forwards on her bottom and then suddenly she was sitting on him with her pussy pressed against his cock. She adjusted her labia so that they were either side of him and rocked, swivelling her hips to grind her clitoris against his cock.
She moved forwards again so that his cock disappeared between the cheeks of her ass. Continuing with the swivelling motion my wife then caught hold of his cock and inserted it into her pussy. She sank right down onto it in a single smooth movement and continued with the grinding, still looking me straight in the eyes.
She mouthed at me 'OMG' and suddenly increased her pace as she came. She slumped over, then raised herself and disengaged him from her but still rubbing his penis against her clit and labia, moving occasionally so that he was between her ass cheeks. After a while he stiffened, groaned and relaxed.
Sue slowly stood and looked down at him, feet either side of his hips. Wetness was glistening in the sunlight across his stomach and trickling from the crack of her ass. She smiled and bent over, showing me the fluid dribbling down her thighs.
We cooled off together in the calm sea. Sue was unusually excited and splashed around vigorously, I guessed she was still buzzing from her orgasm. A good one always has an invigorating effect on her.
"Did you notice the curve in his cock?" She whispered to me when we were alone for a moment. "The end of his knob got me right on the G-spot, it was incredible."
Shortly afterwards Fiona and Vee returned from their swim. Vee was still pulling a strong breast stroke with wide powerful leg kicks, Fiona was clearly tiring and dragged herself onto the beach with visible effort. Vee stood legs apart with the water streaming from her muscular thighs whilst she ran her fingers through her wet hair. The flat stomach muscles shone in the sunlight. "I should have shaved years ago, it's a fantastic feeling," she announced.
I could agree with her there, the unfamiliar sensation of the breeze, sea and sun on skin normally covered by even a short covering of hair was difficult to ignore.
It was time for lunch and we climbed the hill back to the villa. Ahead of me Vee's toned rear flexed and her rippling back muscles gleamed as we toiled up the gulley for the last time.
When we reached the villa Fiona slipped on a ripped vest-top that covered her shoulders from the sun but failed to conceal her nipples which peeked out from underneath. One of life mysteries, I thought. How can someone dressed like a slut still look so elegant and classy? I wore a T-shirt and nothing else, as did Sue and Richard.
We did some packing and cleared up after lunch, then relaxed poolside. In the evening we dressed and went out in the car to a restaurant. Wearing clothes after days on end with almost nothing felt strange, even just shorts and T-shirt. Sue borrowed a T shirt pulled to the side to expose a sexy bare shoulder, with a belt to turn it into a short dress. Vee had a backless top displaying her tanned body right down to her butt, which was covered with long loose pair of shorts. Fiona was effortlessly glamorous in a skin tight short dress with a laced cleavage.
We chose a table on the promenade, watching the other holidaymakers stroll past in their finery. Some were pale newcomers, others tanned like ourselves. Occasionally a long-time resident would appear, burnt to a deep mahogany.
Afterwards we returned to the villa and as one we stripped off the clothes that now felt so restrictive.
We sat and relaxed over a final bottle of wine, Fiona idly fondled her husband with her foot until he was erect, Vee found some tweezers and plucked stray stubble from her pussy. I cuddled with Sue on the sofa, stroking her long nipples.
Sue took my hand and led me outside where the stars shone bright, reflecting in the pool. We stood by the wall and could hear the sea in the distance, the sound of waves on rocks carrying in the still air. As we stood, a shooting star flared across the sky and disappeared. Holding my testicles she knelt and took me into her warm mouth. Her tongue slithered along the underside of my penis and then her lips pinched against the glans, making it twitch.
She moved her hands to my hips before gripping by buttocks, digging her fingernails lightly into the flesh. She looked up and gazed into my eyes as she took me deeply into her throat. Again and again she sucked and blew until I was breathing heavily and ready to shoot. She nodded to me, urging me on and I let go, filling her mouth. When I was done she withdrew, stood and swallowed hard before licking her lips. She swallowed again and placed her arms around my neck for a kiss.
Vee appeared silently behind me and took my sticky penis in one hand, using the other to cup Sue's pussy. We paused to watch a plane slowly flashing red and white lights distantly in the sky.
Vee bent down and with her tongue lifted my softening dick and sucked it between her lips, licking all around it. When I was totally flaccid she released it and I could feel the cool night breeze again, cold against the dampness. Vee and Sue pressed stomachs together, then they rubbed bare clitorises for a time before settling onto a sun-lounger and making love.
I left them alone and went back into the villa. Fiona and Richard were in their room but the door was wide open and they were fucking noisily. I lay on our bed and relaxed, looking at the ceiling and listening to the sounds of love-making.
* * *
We all woke early and breakfasted; we had to finish our packing and leave for the airport. All too soon it was time to depart so the car was loaded and fully dress for a change we all got in. Richard was driving and I sat alongside him with the three women in the back, Sue being the smallest ended in the middle. The journey passed without much conversation, typical of many end-of holiday journeys to the airport. I glanced back at one point and saw that they were all holding hands.
On arrival at the airport departure lounge, it was time to say good-bye. The others were on a different flight so we had a group hug before Fiona, Richard and Vee made their way to their gate. Their flight was soon called so we waved farewell and watched them disappear.
I noticed tears in Sue's eyes as we found a caf in order to pass the couple of hours until our flight was due. "You okay?"
"I didn't expect that at all." she sighed. "I wasn't really looking forward to the trip, it was only because the villa was free that I agreed. What a surprise it turned out."