High strung Margo. Nursing Home Hijinks. Don't rub it in Grandma. Who's that CNA? Nice EspanHOLE!!!
*
Cabot Ross had spent the last two days at his parents home. Family pulling together in trying times led to their placing his grandmother Edith into a nursing home. Unable to care for her properly, being very busy with their careers, they chose the easy way out. Cabot was not very happy about her new home feeling his folks just gave up on her. Taking the day off from his job at Hilltop restaurant, Wildwood's finest dining to help settle her in, he finally decided to head home. He worried what his friends were doing to poor Margo. She might be the sexiest woman alive but she was also ever so slightly gullible. So she let them believe. His buds would eat her alive. Of course, she would enjoy that. Perhaps even being the predator herself. Margo Needy was a glorified nymphomaniac.
The only good thing to come out of losing his Grandmother to that nursing facility was that he inherited her car, much better than his own Junker, more reliable with far less mileage. Of course he needed to switch over his plates, her plates saying GRAM AWW would make the guys mock him until he did. It was a step up though considering his original car looked more senior citizen than Edith's grey Subaru Outback. Beggars couldn't be choosers. It could have been a restored Gremlin. She did have an old stuffed movie Mogwai glued to her dash. Cute but needing to be retired at some point. Who knows, maybe the furry thing might get girls, equivalent to having a puppy. Naaaa!
Pulling in at home the Needy House looked quiet. His roommates were all gone so a sigh of relief crept over him knowing at least for now Margo was resting after her late night gangbang at Brian's moneymaking scheme. The guys really needed to corner him over abusing Margo like that. She may have appeared fine with it but was she really? Even a nympho has limits, don't they? The more she let on that she enjoyed herself the more Brian or even Heath would prey on her abilities. Heath was scaring him more each day. He had come into the house appearing happy go lucky, yet shortly after a darker side they weren't used to seeing started emerging. Her reluctance to tell the boys no was bringing out a more aggressive side. Jekyll was losing to Hyde very quickly.
Unlocking the front door Cabot opened up to the shock of his life. A gust of cold air made him drop his jaw. Margo had turned on the AC. "HELL YES!" Cabot entered and inhaled deeply. "About damned time." Even if her being whored out was what it took to get the air on. Sleeping would be so much more comfy now. A squeaky ceiling fan was no longer required,
It was really quiet in the house. Either Margo had gone off to town with one of his friends or she was sleeping off her exhaustion at the guys that to a degree raped her, even if she became willing. She sure wasn't aware of the smuggled in freaks that Brian sold her holes to. Days earlier Brian had even blindsided her by letting his brother Jeff fuck her in total darkness, she thinking it was Brian. Cabot Ross just didn't have it in him to be so cruel. Sure he liked a good gangbang porn like any red blooded American male but what he didn't approve of was catching her off guard and making money off of her like they were her Pimps. Jeffrey was free, but they all knew that Margo was fond of him. That one could be overlooked. The wrestlers? Not so much. Even if a few of them had already been teased at the bonfire for Elliot. Worse yet, Brian videotaped the entire thing in a future moneymaking scheme, piecing together her adventures into a hardcore porn to be sold. Of course, Margo seemed okay with even that. Maybe he should just join in on the fun. Time would tell.
Stopping in the kitchen for a glass of sun tea and an apple that he had brought home from his parents, he headed upstairs. Deciding to check on Margo he stepped into her room, her door having been removed gave them all easy access. To his shock she wasn't in her bed, nor her door less bathroom. Maybe she went for a run. She did enjoy her exercise routine. Eying her digital clock at bedside it seemed rather late in the day for that. Shrugging he looked further down the hall to the attic door. He had forgotten that his friend Eric had mentioned that he and Heath were allowed upstairs. Being so busy with family he really hadn't given it much thought. Apple and drink glass in hand he decided to go up and check it out. It was certainly gloomy up there, not to mention the air vents were shut off to save money. That being said it was balmy still compared to downstairs. Halfway up he heard a muffled voice.
"What the hell was that?" He froze listening. Another muffled voice of strain, he rushed up and looked around at the full size attic covering the entire house. In a bright corner directly under a skylight he found his landlady strung up horizontally, face down. She was blindfolded and had a ball gag in her mouth. Her long hair bound by rope and pulling her head backwards over her completely nude body. Her legs roped together so her thighs and calves were touching, legs held wide by a wooden bar joint, buttplug up her ass. Even her arms were wrapped in rope behind her back with her hair rope tied to them. "Hollllllly fuck. Who did this?" He pondered while exploring her predicament without a word. She knew someone was there but was uncertain who. The cologne in the air was deceiving.
Setting his glass and apple aside he reached up and removed her blindfold. Brightness made her squint until she could regain focus. The ball gag tugged from her lips in a spatter of saliva forced her to gasp and swallow.
"Who did this to you?"
"Hello sweet Cabot." She smiled.
"Don't hello me. Who tied you up like this in this fucking hotbox? You're a ball of sweat."
"Brian."
"After whoring you out he has the nerve to..."
"I asked for this."
"What? Why?"
"Darryl used to do this too me. I find it relaxing. After Heath showed him the contents of the attic we talked about things Darryl used to do to me. As I've said before there are things I have kept from you boys. I'm just now opening up to each of you."
"How can this be relaxing? You're going to get rope burns."
"Not as bad as you imagine. If I fought the ropes yes, but I'm just suspending here. It is almost meditating."
"With a piss pan on the floor beneath you? Pungent odor Margo."
"Unfortunate I know. I really don't want to ruin the floors, the house is old as it is."
"How long have you been hanging here?"
"What time is it?"
"3:18. Your backside is a little red even from the sun coming down on you."
"Four hours roughly. I'll need to tan to compensate the ropes then. Luckily the forecast is sunny the next few days."
"Margo?"
"Yes handsome?"
"You're...amazing."
"I know. How is your Grandmother?"
"You heard."
"Yes. Why have you not talked to me about her?"
"Personal I guess. Lil emotional."
"You know I would have held you and gotten you through this. Please come to me in your time of need."
Swallowing dryly he nods, "Want me to untie you?"
"No. I told the boys I would be waiting here for them to come home. My holes are home." She smirks.
"You really do thrive on being a slut don't you?"
"Yesssss! It is gratifying. I like being..."
"Fucked?"
"Yes. But I meant to say...used. Sexually that is. I know you worry about me Cabot but you shouldn't. Use me as you want to, I am here for all of you."
"So crazy. Elliot's mom is the biggest slut in Pennsylvania."
"Mmmm! Perhaps. Does that not appeal to you?"
"You thirsty up there?"
"I am a bit parched."
Cabot started to retrieve his tea then found inspiration in it. Facing her as she leered over her cheeks at him he unbuckled his jeans and dropped them. Boxers followed. Shoes removed thirdly he kicked everything but his shirt off and away. Realizing he could never reach her he spotted a short footstool and scooted it in front of her. Retrieving his tea he sipped it in front of her smiling gaze. "Quit teasing me." She huffed.
"Want some tea?"
"Please."
Lowering his glass he plunged his dick into it letting tea surround his penis. Moving over her mouth he carefully placed his dick to her lips so that she could taste the tea and enjoy what few drops she could taste. Her eyes sparkled at his bravado. Three more dips into the Nestea plunge he let her suck his dick. Left hand on the base of her neck maintained her from swaying as he fucked her face. In his thrill ride Cabot Ross ignored the fact his dick had tainted his tea and finished off the glass. Ice tinkling he decided to dump the remaining cubes down over her shoulders and back, watching them well up in her creased lower spine to melt. She squealed with her mouth full at the sudden chill. It felt delightful.
"How am I doing slut? Being too nice still?" A negative response he finished fucking her face, jettisoning his cum down her throat and keeping her mouth full until she constricted her throat muscles and swallowed every drop. Pulling out of her mouth he slapped his dick over her pouty lips then got dressed. Examining her beauty dangling there he notes a single ice cube still surviving and plucks it up. Returning to her face he places it up to her lips to suck on for a refresher. Leaning down he takes the cube into his mouth then kisses her. Both of them sharing in the short coolness until gone. Her breath was taken away.
"I so adore you Cabot." Their lips part upon her soft words.
"I have to get showered and take a short nap. After Brian and Heath get done with you and if there's still time I need to go back into town. Leaving here by 6:45. I promised Grandma Edie I would come eat dinner with her. If you want to go along."
"I would be honored to meet your family."
"Just Grandma. My parents and siblings would ask too many questions."
"I understand. I'll tell the boys I need to be released by 6:00."
"Right. See you then."
"Cabot?"
"Yeah?" He looks back.
"My ball gag and blindfold."
"Oh, right." He gags her first the puts her blindfold on as best he could under her hair constraints. It was snug so the blinder stayed on. Leaving her Cabot had to shake his head. Who would ever have thought Elliot's mom was so awesome? He did enjoy the takeover, maybe he could grow more dominating. He liked both sides of his persona. Hers was not so bad either. Motherly, caring, slutty, obedient. Best of both worlds.
Around 5:05 Cabot was awakened hearing Margo screaming in the attic. He knew Brian, possibly Heath were destroying his landlady. Even with his door closed he heard them, of course her being right over his bedroom didn't help. So much for sleep, he just lay there, arms folded behind his head, looking at the ceiling. Screams of adrenalin and ecstasy shook the neighborhood clear through 5:50. It was a safe bet Cabot counted three screaming orgasms. Silence finally, the footsteps overhead meant they were cutting her down. As Cabot got up to change his clothes he knew that Margo was not going to be in any shape to go see him Grandma.
Steps coming down he heard only Brian's voice in the hallway. Door knob twisted Brian barged right into Cabot's bedroom with a quaking Margo Needy over his shoulder. She looked horrifying after being tied up and sweating bullets from heat exhaustion.
"Special delivery Bro." Brian hurled her limp body on to Cabot's bed. She merely panted and tried to rise but kept falling back.
"You should stay home and recover Margo." Cabot sat beside her, her hand reaching for him with concern in her eye.
"Noooo! I need to go with you."
"Mom you reek of cum and sweat. Your hair looks like you've had your head out a car window at a 100 miles per hour."
"Three minute shower. I'll pin my hair up in your car on the way. Go find me a dress to wear."
"Help her into the shower." Cabot caves looking at Brian. Brian grumbles and clutches Margo by the hair lifting her to her feet. She stumbles a bit, her limbs still asleep from hours of restraint. Cabot did notice a few rope burns but she was right, it could have been worse. Taking her to her bathroom Brian sat her down on to her shower bench and hit the cold water. Her scream led to an exhausted laughter. He found it amusing but ended up joining her, soaping her body up and cleansing her soul of his stank. Washing her hair quickly she felt so privileged to be taken care of. Dried off by Brian he slapped her ass and nudged her into her bedroom. Her zombie walk concerned Cabot as he had three dress choices laying over her neatly made bedding.
"You made my bed." She smiled at Cabot.
"Habit Cabot, that's me. You pick the dress." He eyes her clock, "Gotta go soon so make it quick."
"None of them. It's too warm for long dresses."
"Ummm! Going to an old folks home Margo. Dressing too sexy means a lot of 911 emergencies."
"Silly man. They will be fine."
"Fuck! What am I looking for?" He heads toward her walk in closet while she considers her options.
"Pale blue dress, thigh high skirt. Left rod as you go in." She looks at Brian still standing there in the nude. The boys were growing accustomed to seeing their friends in the buff. She liked that they were getting bolder.
"Want more of this Momma Milf?" Brian wags his beast.
"After I come home absolutely. I need to be there for Cabot. You...seem different Brian."
"Oh yeah?"
"Yes. A mother knows." She winks, "I'm happy that you desire me but I'm detecting that you're thinking of another."
"Damn! You psychic? Playing with my crystal balls Gypsy?"
"Tell me."
"Ran into my stepsisters. Lot of bad history in the family. They've grown up." He chuckled.
"This dress?" Cabot returns cutting off their conversation. Another day, Brian took his leave.
"Yes."
"Pretty sheer."
"You worry too much sweet one."
"Don't make me paddle your ass. I'm not that sweet."
"If you say so." She reaches for the dress and slips it over her head before the risk of standing up. Once she caught her balance the dress lowered over her hips. Turning unsteadily she lets Cabot admire her.
"No hiding the chest but the skirt keeps things hidden."
"Until I sit down, then not so much."
"You trying to give the old guys cardiac arrest?"
"Of course not. I need to feel freedom Cabot."
"I presume no underwear?"
"Choose some panties."
In a hurry, knowing his time was running out he went to her underwear drawer and found a complimentary powder blue G-string and brought it over to her. Falling back on to the bed she lifts her legs up and wiggled her toes at him, "Help me." Rolling his eyes he placed each of her feet into the necessary slots and slid the thong up to her hips. Drooling over her succulently tight pussy she lifts her hips allowing him to cover her snatch. Giggling almost as if drunk she grabs Cabot by his polo shirt and drug him over her. A steamy kiss awaited. No resistance he inhaled her lips. Finally, she pats his cheek. "We should go. Perfume, brush, and hair tie. Thirty seconds."
"Shoes?"
"Oh, yes heels. White heels with calf ties." She sends him back into the closet. Grumbling at the ties left half laced as she manages to stand again, she reached her makeup table. She overlooked eye shadow and the like, just spritzing a very enticing perfume made her appealing enough. Hair brush in hand, hair ties around her wrists in ready. Cabot kneeling at her feet helped her put her shoes on. Once tied better than they were he puckered, "These look hot."
"Wait until they become earrings when you hold my legs behind my head."
"Not the time Margo." He laughed, "I'm running late."
"On the way home?" She beguiled him with a cutesy expression.
"Don't you ever get enough?"
"Should I stop teasing you?"
"NO!" He stands tall and grabs her by her lower back, yanking her to him for a final steamy kiss. "NEVER STOP TEASING."
"Mmmm! As you wish."
Hand in hand they walked out to his new car.
"GRAM AWW? Your car is adorable."
"Yeah! Yeah! Get in."
She playfully teased him all the way to Wildwood. Not sexually believe it or not. It was about the old person smell. The air deodorizer aroma that lingered in the air was fresh linen, not so fresh any longer. They had a good laugh along the way. Even at the first time Cabot had ever seen her in a ponytail.
On the outskirts of Wildwood facing a lower level mountain range stood Lazy Acres Nursing home. Cabot said that his Dad referred to it as Lazy Fakers. Not really funny but it still got a giggle. Parking in the lot where pole lights were just beginning to glow at dusk they took a moment to just breath. Together Cabot and Margo again walked in hand in hand like a true loving couple. At the lobby he decided it was better to act like friends, in case people there told his parents about his girlfriend, knowing she wasn't. Margo understood and merely followed him through the halls toward the dining hall. On their journey they crossed paths with his Grandmother Edith being escorted in her wheel chair by a lovely young Hispanic beauty.
"Is that my grandson?" Edith winced, her eye sight not so good at 80. The girl pushing her looked like a youthful Salma Hayek, her eyes bold and beautiful. Seeing Cabot she leans forward.
"Do you mean the very handsome young man walking this way?"
"That's the one. He's single Maria. Better catch him while you can."
"I will consider that Edie." She pats her shoulder. Cabot had heard her matchmaking skills and chuckles.
"Sorry about that...Maria right?"
"Yes, Maria." She extends a hand to shake his. "It is a pleasure to meet you Cabot. Edie talks about you all the time."
"Well considering she's only been here 24 hours that must have been tiring."
"Not at all. She is very proud of you."
"Awww!" He leans down to kiss Edie on the cheek.
"I thought you were standing me up. You're late."
"Got hung up at home." He looks back at Margo who covers her faint rope burns over her wrists. She knew he meant finding her tied up and dangling.
"Who is this with you?"
"Not my girlfriend, before you even think that." He laughs winking at Maria. Stepping closer Margo raises her hand to hold Edie's.
"Hello. I'm Cabot's landlady, Margo Needy. Nice to meet you."
"A pretty landlady. I like your dress." Edie smirks, wincing to see it better. Maria however had already noticed nipples through the pale blue dress, not much hid them. Blushing Maria motioned Cabot toward the dining area.
"We should get seated before all of the tables are taken. Would you like to push your Grandmother?"
"Sure. Ready to kick up some dust Grandma?"
"I'm not wearing my seatbelt."
Maria and Margo shared at laugh at the elderly woman's sense of humor. Maria made eye contact with Margo and sheepishly grinned, "I too have a dress very similar."
"Is it as see through?" Margo whispered.
"Almost. I do not wear it often."
"You should. You're young and beautiful. Accent that beauty."
"She used to be a fashion model." Cabot bragged.
"Really? That sounds fun."
"I used to model for Fred when we were your age." Edie relates, "Couldn't keep his mitts off of me."
"I'm sure the men here will be whistling at you before you know it." Margo giggled.
"They whistle at me." Maria shivers, "Creepy."
"Wait until they get handy." Margo walked alongside Maria nearly shoulder to shoulder.
"They already do." Maria whispers, "I've worked here for two months now and I swear I've been touched everywhere at one point or another. If they were younger I might enjoy that more."
"How does your man feel about that?"
"No man. I moved to the states six months ago from Guatemala. I came here alone to start my life over."
"You speak very good English."
"Very smart. I attend college to become a real nurse. I am only an assistant right now."
"I see. Then Edith...Edie does see a match by trying to arrange you and Cabot."
Blushing Maria eyes Cabot ahead of them pushing Edie, "He does have a very nice butt."
"You should take a chance. You would make a cute couple."
"I have been quite lonely. I...am shy."
"We can work on that." Margo giggles patting her on the arm. Maria flared her eyes at what she might be getting into. "How old are you Maria?"
"22."
"He's 19. Does that matter?"
"Does he like older women?" Margo grins sheepishly and nods her affirmation. Having reached the table, she held any further words to herself. Maria took over for Cabot brushing up against him in manning the chair to lock Edie's tires in after settling her up to the table.
"Please be seated. I will bring her dinner."
"Bring a plate for them too Maria Dear." Edie points.
"I will see what I can do." Cabot watches Maria step away. Even in a nursing smock he could tell she had an awesome body. Shying a bit looking at Margo he frowned. Mouthing "Sorry." only made Margo wag a finger. He recalled her telling him never to be sorry. Looking at another woman seemed strange to him. Margo had literally stolen a portion of his soul and he was feeling guilty.
"Margie was it?" Edie directed her attention as she fans a cloth napkin over her lap.
"Margo."
"Why is my grandson's landlady coming to visit me?"
"She knew I was down in the dumps over mom and dad putting you in here. She just came along to cheer me up."
"You chasing my grandson?"
"Not at all. My husband was killed in a car accident 9 months ago now. Cabot here has just kept me from going insane. I owe him the same."
"Don't con a con. You want my grandson."
"Would I be agreeing with you to set him up with Maria there if I were?" Margo gets comfy at the table. Sitting sideways in her seat her skirt riding high, the old men at the table next to theirs discovered long legs leading up to heaven. She merely smiled and fluttered her fingers at them.
"Don't you think you two should be letting me make my own decisions?" Cabot sits between them.
"She thinks you have a cute butt." Margo grins palming her cheek, elbow on the table.
"Quit talking about my grandson's butt. I saw you looking at it too."
"Grandma don't make a scene. I might ask Maria out, just let me do my own chasing."
"I don't like you Margie."
"Margo."
"You exude tramp."
"Pardon me?" Margo agreed, but defended herself none the less. She had been rubbing her leg sensually for the men across from her, tramp indeed. Her late husband Darryl had instilled in her the importance of keeping all men happy even at the cost of her reputation. She was well known, yet well respected just the same. She had no intentions of going much further than this. Just enough to make their stay here better even for a short time. Darryl would call this moment their short glimpse of Heaven before officially being called up.
"You heard me."
"Grandma that's enough. Margo is a really good person. Apologize." Cabot recommended.
"She does not need to apologize Cabot. I'm hardly upset. If I've somehow offended you Edith I..." She nearly broke her own rule and apologized on her own. She was not sorry, she was who she would be forever more. "...would hope to change your mind given time."
"Here comes Maria with your dinner." Cabot points out the girl pushing a dinner cart. "Let's keep this respectable...for her." Edith bites her tongue with a scowl, Margo merely turned her smile toward Maria as she approached. That and hiking her skirt a bit higher for neighboring Edgar and Tyrone at their motioning request. A hip was shown briefly before behaving became necessary as other CNA's were delivering meals to the residents. It was time that Margo behaved herself like a lady.
"Meat loaf and mashed potatoes. Yum!" Cabot inhaled a less than tantalizing aroma. Putting on a show for Edith on her first night here was important. As Maria placed Edith's tray in front of her she pointed out the most important part of dinner.
"Tapioca pudding for dessert."
"I adore tapioca." Margo softly added.
"You would pudding pop." Edith hisses.
"Grannnndma...don't."
Maria sensing tension set about serving Margo and Cabot as well. Whispering to Cabot that under normal conditions the home could not serve the families of residents, it was not covered by their benefits. Cabot shrugged, "I've got money. I'll cover it."
"First time is on me." Maria winks.
"All over you if I get my way." Cabot smiles picturing her nude laying on the table instead of his meal tray. Shivering he notices her going so far as to fanning out his napkin over his lap. No way did Maria not see his tented jeans. Even Margo mused at Maria's thoughtfulness. The look Margo gave Cabot gave him goosebumps. It was obvious that Margo approved of Maria's approach. Moving around Cabot to Margo, Maria did the same for her, Margo lifting her skirt higher as Maria lay out her napkin. Eyes trembling at seeing Margo's inner thighs made her fan herself and blush.
"Oh Dios mío. Tienes piernas hermosas." Maria hesitates then retreats. Margo spoke Spanish fluently merely replies with, "Gracias por notarlo. Apuesto a que los tuyos son igual de hermosos." Smiling brightly at her native language being understood Maria giggles replying with, "Tengo unas piernas muy bonitas."
"Okay, okay!" Cabot laughs, "I failed Spanish in high school. Don't rub it in."
"They're talking about each others legs." Edith reveals her own knowledge of Española. "Don't ruin my impression of you Maria."
"Forgive me Mrs. Ross. I will go get your drinks."
"Estoy impresionado Edith. ¿Podemos por favor llevarnos bien por Cabot?" Margo directs toward Edith who nods her agreement and samples her meat loaf.
"What is going on here?" Cabot lifts his palms at Margo.
"We are disagreeing to agree for your sake." Edith grumbles, "Meat loaf tastes like cardboard. You should make me one of yours Cabot. At least I know gourmet when I eat it. This isn't even Marie Calendar."
"I can do that for you. As long as your Doctors don't give me hell for ruining your diet."
"I'll live to be 100. Don't you worry."
"Good to know." Cabot pats her hand grinning. "You might outlive your home here."
While Cabot and Edith banter Margo glances shamelessly at her elder admirers, realizing that even more gentlemen were ogling her now. Batting her eyes carefully to avoid Edith's scrutiny she gently slides her utensils across the tablecloth. A simple brush of her hand led them to fall to the carpet. Acting shocked, she rolls her eyes at her seeming accident. Even as Edith and Cabot note her groan they observe her lean down to pick them up. In her loiter she tugs her already low cleavage further to offer insight into her amazing chest. While not full breasts in view there was enough to invite whispers of manly interest. Plucking up her banded together silverware she notes feet to her right. Peering up she sees Maria holding tea glasses. The girl glares toward the other tables and connects the dots. Margo swiftly rises showing her the utensils.
"I shall go get you new silverware."
"I'm fine with these." She winks. Nodding Maria sits her glass next to her tray, then moves on to Cabot, and Edith. Once everyone had what was needed to officially dine Maria excuses herself. A passing wink at Margo, Maria went to assist her fellow CNA's.
"Isn't she adorable?" Edith looks toward Maria, forcing Cabot to explore his Grandmother's observation of the girl.
"She is cute." He playfully smirks at Edith.
"So chase that Chica." Edith shocked him.
"Hey! Let me decide my own life. I'm not a kid anymore."
"You know you want some of that." Edith chuckles, coughing immediately after.
"GRANDMA?????" He laughed patting her back to control her cough respectfully.
Margo maintained her silence as she nibbled at her tasteless meat loaf. The expression shared was less than glamorous, Edith was definitely correct in her food critique.
"So Margie's your landlady..." Edith brings up.
"Yep. Her son and I graduated together. Me and Brian, you remember him right? We moved out there when Elliot flew to Paris France. He's really smart and got a short term scholarship at a French school for gifted teens. He asked us to come stay with his mom seeing as she was all alone seven miles in the middle of nowhere."
Edith winced then seemed to lighten up her notion of Margo. Still leery of her the woman at least attempted to understand the situation. "Smart kid, eh?"
"Yes. He has a 130 IQ. Nearly brilliant. I have high hopes for his future." Margo offered her pride. "I'm very grateful to the boys for moving in with me. My home is enormous, 180 acres to be precise, teeming with wildlife from the mountains. It can be a terrifying place to live alone in. My late husband left it to me, he was killed last year in a car accident."
"Sorry to hear that. My grandson is a good boy. I'm just looking out for him."
"Believe me I do understand. I adore Cabot. He has been a blessing, I'm still getting over the loss of my husband and having people to talk to keeps the depression away."
"I lost my Fred six years ago, been alone since. If not for my cat I'd have gone crazy."
"You can have pets here?" Margo looked shocked.
"Naaaw! Betsy died two months ago. Old age gets us all. With me for 13 years."
"Well, if my calculations are correct Betsy would have been older than you. 13 years of a pets life is equivalent to 82 years human age."
"Ain't that something." Edith grins, "You gonna eat your mashed potatoes? Only tasty part of this crap." She eyes Margo's barely touched plate. Seeing her interest Margo slides her plate across the table.
"You just saved me from 2 extra pounds. I try to avoid carbs when I can."
"At my age I need all the tasty things I can get."
Cabot realized they were now getting along and winked at Margo. Margo in turn puckered her lips and gave him a loving if not blown kiss. Just as Edith dug into her potatoes one of the men that had been eying Margo chokes on his food. With no CNA's close Margo swiftly leaps from her seat and offers to console his strangulation with gentle pats on his back. In doing this from Edith's blindside the man next to them reaches under Margo's skirt and gooses her. A loud yelp drew attention to everyone in the room. CNA's swooping in to assist the choking man led to his laughing. It was a set up for certain. The man who had goosed her sniffed his finger then reached over to share the scent with his compadre.
"Edgar. That was uncalled for." Maria scolded him as Margo looked down at him with a tense smirk.
"I'm fine Maria."
While confirming that Margo was indeed okay the choking gentleman Tyrone goosed Maria offering a secondary squeal. Laughter came from four other tables. Even from elderly women. Maria and Margo made their escape rushing back to Cabot and Edith. As Maria stands next to Cabot, Edith clears her throat and points at Maria's ass right next to her Grandson's arm.
"Go for it." She winked.
"What?" Cabot winced at her as if she was crazy.
"What's good for the gander..." She chuckled.
Growling under his breath he just did it. Goosing Maria made her jump again then look back at Cabot. Smiling at him she giggles, "Ahora puedes ganarme todo lo que quieras." Meaning, "Now you may goose me all you want." It went over Cabot's head until Margo leans around her whispering, "She approves." Maria fanned herself and went about her duties. Eye contact with Cabot grew intense as dinner progressed.
"Better ask her out before she forgets that finger." Edith laughed as Margo nodded with a sheepish grin of truth in the matter.
"Fine." Cabot stands up carrying his tray of finished dishes toward Maria. Even as other CNA's watched him he approached Maria from her blindside. Just as he stood behind her she drops a fork in her clearing of tables. Bending over right in front of Cabot her ass brushes against his crotch. Feeling it she presumed someone new was pawing her up. Defensively she bares the fork as if ready to stab her intruder. Seeing Cabot blush and look to his right she lowers the dinner weapon.
"I am very sorry."
"Don't be. I caught you off guard twice in a row."
"Do you wish me to take your tray?"
"Sure. But, only if you agree to go on a date with me."
Claiming his tray forcefully she tells him, "I am off in an hour."
"That soon? Damn!" He laughs thinking of the fact he had Margo with him.
"I would need to go home and change."
"Uh, alright. Do you want to meet anywhere?"
"No. You may come to my apartment while I change."
"I need to take Margo home." He fidgeted.
"She may come too."
"What?"
"We are fast friends I can tell."
"Wow! Okay cool. I'll hang with Grandma until you clock out."
Looking around for safety Maria gives him a beguiling smile then grabs his dick through his jeans. Freezing up as she lets him go she winks, "I owe you that."
"Damn! I think I'm in lust."
"Si. As am I." She turns away giddy and leaves him speechless.
Returning to his Grandmother he sits down blushing heavily, "I have a date in an hour."
Edith slaps her hand on the table, "That's my boy."
Margo seemed stunned by the revelation, "Should I get a ride home?"
"No. I told Maria I needed to take you home first. She invited you along."
"No threesomes Tramp." Edith points at Margo who lowers her chin in awe.
For the next hour the three of them got along fabulously. After retiring Edith to her room Maria turns the woman's TV on to Blue Bloods and asks if there was anything more that she could get her.
"Rock his world Dearie."
"I am uncertain what you mean Mrs. Ross."
"Soap opera fan Sweetie. I used to love As the World Turns."
"I see." Not really, but she got the gist.
Clocking out Maria met Cabot and Margo in the lobby. Walking out together giggling they made the journey to Cabot's car after Maria mentioned that she normally walked home.
"Maria?" Margo stopped under a pole light.
"Si?"
"You said you had a dress similar to mine correct?"
"Si."
"I have a suggestion. Instead of going home to change, my being a third wheel on your first date, why don't you wear my dress. I have Heath coming to pick me up so that you two can be alone."
"Oh my." Maria bulges her eyes. "I do not know." It was a strange suggestion until Margo began to take her dress off. Cabot shook his head at Margo's boldness. Standing there in only her panties and heels Margo holds the dress out to the girl who stared at Margo's voluptuous body. Fanning herself Maria claims the dress turning her eyes to Cabot.
"Same size I'm just taller." Margo smiled as Cabot had a battle between two beautiful women.
"Do you wish to wear my clothes?" Maria chokes up.
"No. You might need them if you work tomorrow."
"You will wear nothing home?"
"Heath will not mind." She winks at Cabot.
Eyes sparkling at Cabot, Maria hands him the dress then begins undressing. There was no shame in either woman. Abandoning her smock revealed gorgeous 36C's, her leggings lost offered a tight golden ass in a black thong. At 5'5 Maria's legs were lengthy still.
Whistling at her Cabot found Maria uncontrollable in her 360 twirl to show off her assets. Giggling she saw car lights coming in from the street. Hiding behind Cabot she discovers Margo waving in all of her glory. Maria quickly dropped her clothing and put the dress on before stepping from Cabot's shadow.
Scurrying to the Nissan Xterra Margo opens Heath's passenger door. Before she could even hop in Heath yelled, "NO PANTIES IN MY CAR." Shocked by his abrupt command Margo slipped them off and climbed in. Seconds later Heath tossed her underwear out his drivers side window. Leaning out at Cabot he winces, "Who's this?"
"This is Maria...I don't know your last name even." He winces at the Guatemalan Goddess.
"Salazar. Hello." She waves at Heath.
"HOT LATINA. You go Bro." Maria shyly smiled and did a repeat 360 just for giggles. Margo leaned over Heath to compliment the girl with, "Enjoy yourselves."
Cabot picks up Maria's uniform then steps to snatch up Margo's panties, showing Margo he cared enough to bring them home. Respect was there. Casting a thumbs up and a honk of his horn Heath Talbot pulled away. Tail lights turning on the street Cabot threw Maria's things in his new car. Shutting the back door he turns to his date.
"Crazy people I swear."
"You must think bad of me to undress in front of you." Maria pouts.
"Nope. You're gorgeous."
"Gracias. Eres increíblemente guapo."
"No clue." He chuckled.
"You are breathtakingly handsome."
Without further ado Cabot yanked her body close and kissed her hard. Their date would end up in bed within the hour. Hottest Latina pussy ever. Worth getting to know better a certain.
Two miles outside Wildwood Heath Talbot pulled off the side of the road and guided his seat all the way back, flashers blinking. Lowering his sweats he wags his dick at Margo.
"Ride it."
"Mmmm!"
Seatbelt off the in the blink of an eye the MILF was in the hot seat, cool AC blowing over her back. The Nissan rocked for over thirty minutes. Cars driving by never bothered to offer help. As if it were needed.
BLINK! BLINK! BLINK!
Flashers one way or another.