Warning - no sex in this story. Nothing nasty. So please skip it if that is what you like. This is entry level exhibitionism remembered years later. I realize only a small group of people like this style so please move on to something you'd enjoy more if that is not your style. Thank you!
*****
Honey,
Here are a few more things I remember doing in the 'show-off' department when I was living on my own with roommates.
I learned to show myself off so discretely that it never looked like I was aware of what I was doing.
In the morning I would sometimes sit on the couch or on the floor leaning against the couch to watch the news while I ate some cereal and I would pull my knees up and then pull my night shirt over my knees. I practiced this in front of the mirror in my room many times first.
I found out it did two amazing things. It made me look like I was covered from neck to my ankles, but the tee shirt didn't QUITE cover all of me and although it came down to my shins, my pussy showed from the front. I always kept my knees together so it just sort of peeked out at the bottom. It looked so cool too, if I do say so myself.
It also stretched the neck of my tee shirt out so much that anyone looking down could see my bare breasts but it looked like I was covered. Try it and you will see what I mean.
John and his friends would always come in the room and sit across from me to talk. They'd offer me things to drink and bring them just to stand and look down my shirt or to see my pussy on the couch. When they would sit across from me I could see their eyes straining to get a peek of my sweet pussy. I loved that.
It was so fun to see how hard they would try to look like they weren't looking at all. With my feet flat and my knees just slightly apart, I knew I was giving them a little of the gyno view.
If I sat on the couch I would squirm around a bit to get comfortable and my night shirt would ride up and show nearly all of my legs and if they were across from me they could get a nice look at my fine pussy. I didn't always let them see either. It had to look like an accident.
Some evenings after work I would sit crossed legged in my satin lounging shorts; sometimes wearing very tiny and sheer, see-through panties or usually no panties at all.
I would watch TV a bit and every time John and his friends would come in and find an excuse to sit across from me or come talk to me or bring me anything just to get a glimpse up the legs of my shorts.
A few times we played cards on the floor. John and Stanley and I played several times. They sat across from me and I sat cross legged in my satin shorts and I knew they could see at least the edges of my pussy and maybe up to half of it at a time. I didn't care, but I never let on that I knew they could see me either.
When I would lean in and reach for a card I could feel my breasts showing if they were looking from the side and they usually were. I think they saw about 80% of my breasts and occasionally my nipples too.
Sometimes I would lean way back and reach for something off the couch behind me. I could feel the little shorts stretch and I knew I was displaying a lot of skin for a second or two. That's when I could feel my Mons exposed and even some cool air on my clitty.
I also loved lounging on the couch in my robe. Sometimes I wore a shorty robe. I looked very nice and not trampy at all, but it afforded me many opportunities to show off because it would open easily. You know how they open at the bottom even when the sash is tied? And they open at the neck even when it is tied too. Especially if you lean over, which I did a lot.
But my favorite thing was to lay on my side and read. By reading I was preoccupied and not able to notice anyone else really looking at me. And try it once in a robe. It will always expose part of you.
The top of my hips would be covered and look modest, but the bottom of the robe just lays flat and that can leave most all of my legs and some, if not all, of my pussy showing too.
I would sometimes pull my knees up when I was on my side and that would bare all of my legs and most of my bare bottom and I know it gave a little peek of my pussy too. Two times I caught John staring at me and I just sort of tugged at the robe pretending that it now covered me.
Once when I was home alone I was out on the couch in my little robe reading and I actually fell asleep. I heard the key in the door and realized I was not all covered.
I had rolled over on my tummy and had one leg bent way up and the robe had slid up my thighs and somehow even over my bare bottom. My bare legs and my entire perfect little butt was showing and my pussy between my legs.
I panicked for a second, but then I decided to pretend to be asleep. My legs were not facing the door so it would not be noticeable right away. So I just laid there like that.
In walked John and his friend Riley. This is a guy who is so nerdy and harmless that I almost chuckled when I heard his voice. As they were walking past me to the kitchen I heard them stop in their tracks when they must have seen me. Riley whispered, "I can see her bare butt and her whole pussy - ALL OF IT!"
"Shhhuss, don't wake her up!"
They came in and literally stood staring up my legs at my butt and my pussy for about three minutes before I decided to begin to stir a bit like I was waking up.
They scrambled back to the door and made like they were just coming in. I acted as if I was startled and stood up giving them a quick bottomless view of me facing them as I pulled my robe down.
"Oh hi guys! I fell asleep and you startled me!"
"Sorry Catherine, we didn't mean too.
"That's O.K. It's a good thing I heard you because I don't think I was completely covered. You almost got a little show."
We all laughed.
Then I went to bed and got all excited thinking about it.
That gave me another idea. On the hot summer nights I would sleep with my door open and a fan blowing on me. The air conditioning never worked in that place. Before I just did it and I had never even thought about anyone looking at me, but now I realized the guys did.
So when Stanley was staying with us again, on a night when it was very hot I laid in bed naked and I laid on my back. I had a sheet over me but I left it only half over me, mainly across my stomach, so one of my boobs and all of my pussy would show. I had one leg out to the side and I bent my knee of my other leg so it was way open and my pussy was completely exposed all the way up my bare legs.
I was really just teasing myself seeing if I would be daring enough to even do it. Just laying on my bed naked with the door open and the possibility that I could be seen was exciting enough. I chickened out a few times and covered up just as I heard some footsteps.
I pretended to be asleep and I know either John or Stanley was looking in at me. I know it wasn't real light, but there was enough light form the hall and the bedroom window to clearly see me. At least I was covered those times.
Then one night when I was laying there completely naked and daring myself to do it, I heard someone walking down the hall to the bathroom and I just went for it. I laid there all exposed, boobs, nipples, tummy, legs, pussy and all. I and closed my eyes like I was sound asleep.
A few more footsteps and they stopped. I could hear someone breathing and then breathing faster and faster. I squinted my eyes and I could see someone standing there, but I could not tell if it was John or Stanley. Then I saw that he had taken his penis out and he was stroking himself faster and faster. After a minute or two I sort of yawned and stirred and scratched my pussy a bit and I heard him get off. Then in a minute he was gone and in the bathroom.
After about five minutes I heard the bathroom door open and whoever it was wiped up the floor with some tissue paper. This time I was laying on my side with my whole bare bottom showing with my leg up and my pussy all stretched out too.
Nothing was ever said about it and to this day I am not sure which one it was.
Another thing I would do is flash the mailman. Every Wednesday he delivered something for John's work that had to be signed for. He was about thirty-five and kind of cute. One Wednesday morning I was just getting out of the shower and I heard the door bell. No one else was home so I looked and when I saw the mailman there,I wrapped a small towel around me so it only covered my boobs and down to half my pussy.
I knew a lot of my pussy was showing, but I did it anyway. When I opened the door, he smiled and said Good Morning and I laughed and said I was sorry to not be dressed. He said he would not mind if I was not dressed at all. We laughed and I signed for a box. Then I dropped the towel as I was closing the door so he got to see all of me naked for a few seconds."
The next Wednesday he was there again and once again I was the only one home. This time I looked out the curtain to make sure no one was around and I went to the door naked. I cracked it open and said, "Sorry, I'm naked so I can't open it all the way."
He was freaking out and handed me a box again and a clip board for me to sign. I had to take the box so he got to see a lot of me naked for a few seconds again and I quickly moved behind the door.
Then I signed the paper and handed it back to him knowing that he could see one breast and half my pussy. But I was pretending I was being very modest. I did that a few times with him and it was fun. I would kid him that he timed his deliveries to my showering.
The week before I moved out I just answered the door totally naked and said, "This is the last time I will see you since I am moving."
"Oh I will miss seeing you so much!" he said.
"You have been so good you deserve a nice long look." I did a full, slow, turn around and even poked my bare bottom out at him and gave it three spanks, then I bent all the way over, stepping my feet way apart and slowly slid my had from my bare ankles all the way up my long muscular legs and up my pussy too. Then I stood up and when I turned to face him I even spanked my pussy three times and jiggled my boobs and pulled on my nipples. I shut the door and smiled as I was rubbing my pussy very fast.
Oh I just remembered one more thing that happened entirely by accident. I was tanning in the yard at the double wide and I had a very tiny suit so I would not have a lot of tan lines. I am not sure why, I think it was while I was getting out of the lawn chair, but the bikini bottoms slid way over and the seam went into my slit. I didn't even notice it. I was walking around and talking to John and two of his friends. I did notice they were staring at me and at my suit, but I figured it was because they were guys and it was so small.
Finally I was standing there and three of them were looking at me and I just said, "What in the world are you all staring at? Haven't you seen a bikini before?"
Then I looked down and I was so embarrassed. Three guys staring at my pussy with half of it out. I didn't want to look powerless or weak so I said, "Oh my! Half my pussy is showing, isn't it boys. I see what you were staring at. That looks weird. Here, so you don't have the impression I have a weird looking pussy, you can see it properly."
Then I pulled my suit down and stepped out of it and stood there for them to look at it. "Much better now, don't you agree?"
They all cheered which made me laugh and I just walked to my room and let them see my bare butt as I walked. I put on some nice shorts and went back out to join them.
They never did stop looking at me like my pussy was showing.
Well that is enough for now.
Love,
Your faithful little wife,
Catherine