Bachelor Behavior - Part 3
by Simon Underfoot
Copyright 2022, All Rights Reserved
Day 4
3 am is much too early to wake up. On the other hand, Mandy was curled up on my chest, snoring softly, while one of the Halloween movies played in the background. I decided it wasn't such a huge sacrifice.
Moving as stealthily and precisely as I could -- which is not stealthy or precise at all, especially so early in the morning -- I managed to get off the couch without waking her up, then carried her to my oversized bed.

~ ~ ~

"He forgot."
It sounded like an accusation and I forced my eyes open. Kat, Savannah, and Amy-Lynn were staring down at me, mostly dressed in workout gear -- there was a lot more skin showing than the previous day.
"What time is it?" I asked, spinning to sit up on the couch.
"Almost seven-thirty, and you said you'd meet us in the exercise room." Savannah did not sound pleased.
"But I get up every day at six-thirty," I responded sleepily. "I don't even remember my alarm going off."
She made a face and walked to the bedroom, opening the door to look inside. Mandy's head was just visible through a tangle of covers; my phone was lying on the floor. "Care to explain?" she snapped.
"No," I said, refusing to rise to her bait. "You can watch the video from last if you're concerned. I'll be ready in five minutes."
As I walked to get my shorts and sneakers I heard Amy-Lynn whisper, "I didn't even think to check this morning."
I was ready quickly enough that they didn't have time to see what had happened between Mandy and me, and the overall vibe was noticeably cooler than our first workout. Truthfully, the annoyance I was feeling at their collective supposition helped me focus better, and I was soon lost to my routine -- Tuesdays and Fridays are Pull days.
Somewhere along the line they figured out that nothing scandalous had occurred the previous night, because Savannah was ready with an apology as I laid on my back panting, taking a few moments to build up the strength to do one last sit-up so that I could go get clean.
Her words sounded and felt sincere, so I immediately waved them away. "It's okay. We all knew this wasn't going to be an easy process."
She gave me a great smile and I figured the entire thing was done with, but Kat had other ideas. "You are done?" she asked Savannah, and when she received a confused nod, Kat immediately laid herself down on top of me.
Looking up at the other two women, Savannah appeared to be genuinely mad at being one-upped, while Amy-Lynn's disappointment at not acting quicker was so obvious I laughed aloud, bouncing Kat up and down on my chest, which only caused her to hold on more tightly. Doing an about face that would have made a drill instructor proud, Savannah was quickly out the door in high dudgeon, with Amy-Lynn following her a few moments later.
"Shower time," Kat whispered, kissing and then nipping my neck.

~ ~ ~

Kat practically pulled me back to my apartment, through the entryway and bedroom -- where I waved helplessly to Red, who was sitting on my bed, eating a bowl of cereal and watching something on her phone -- and into the bathroom.
She took stock of the space for a moment, then pushed me up against the granite counter with the sink and stepped back across the room so we were about eight feet apart. She shot me a fiery look packed with sex appeal, then deliberately reached for the bottom edge of her top.
"Kat, wait --" I started, but I didn't get it out in time as she pulled upward.
Her 'shirt' wasn't really much more than a sports bra, and in some ways less. The thin black material covered her shoulders, but left her entire midriff bare, and also had a hole cut to show off her impressive cleavage. Unfortunately, she was busty enough that her first pull didn't go as planned. Instead of whipping it off with a flourish, the top got stuck halfway, showing me an amazing amount of underboob while obscuring her mouth and nose. Her eyes flared and she gave another tug, but rather than come loose, I heard threads stretch.
"Hold on a second," I chuckled, closing the distance quickly. Rather than help her pull the garment off, I tugged it back into place temporarily.
"That did not go as planned," she said self-consciously; it was the first time I'd seen her look vulnerable. I leaned down and gave her a soft kiss on the lips.
"How did you even get this on?" I asked, smiling and shaking my head.
She sighed and leaned into me. "It was not easy."
I pushed her just far enough away that I could look into her eyes. "You know there are cameras in here, right?" I pointed out the two I had noticed so far, one looking onto the sink and the other trained on the walk-in shower.
Rather than be deterred, Feisty Kat reappeared and she nodded, doing that lip biting thing again. We looked at each other for several long seconds, then I nodded.
"Since this thing doesn't fit you anyway..." I gently spun her around, then took a closer look at the back of her shirt. There was a band of fabric running around the neckline and another at the bottom, which is what had gotten stuck; fortunately, both bands had their seams more or less on the same vertical line. "Let me know if I pull it too tight," I whispered into her ear.
I started slow, not wanting to tighten the fabric against her throat; the material wasn't actually that stretchy, so as I pulled, not a lot happened. I added more pressure and the back gave way with a satisfying rip, leaving just the bottom band intact. I looked into the mirror and Kat was holding the top up with her hands, but when she saw me looking, she slowly pulled it down, revealing herself to me.
I wasn't gentle as I snapped that lower band.
Nor was I gentle as I pulled her to my chest, kissing her passionately, one hand wrapped entirely around her back while the other supported one of her perfect cheeks, allowing her to wrap her legs around my midsection.
I couldn't say how long we were like that, only that she was the one that broke the kiss. "Now you."
Grinning, I leaned her against the wall for some extra support and peeled off my t-shirt with one hand. While she ran a hand up and down my chest appreciatively, I kicked off my shoes, pushed down my socks, and finally slid down my shorts.
Immediately I felt my penis pushing against the ass which I was now kneading with both hands. "Yes," she hissed, leaning forward to kiss me. She arched her back and tried to get us aligned, but I pulled her tight against me instead.
"Not yet," I said into her ear, forcing myself to sound calm. "I can't tell you how much I want to, but I can't be that intimate with four different women at the same time. It wouldn't be fair to any of you. Even what we've already done," I said, squeezing her rump, "is probably too far."
Kat actually growled in frustration and bit my shoulder by the collar bone, hard enough that I'm certain she left marks, and while she didn't actually break the skin, it almost broke my resolve.
Feeling a bit desperate, I carried her into the shower and turned it on. She shrieked as the cold water hit her back, so I quickly turned her away from the shower head, letting it splash against me instead. "Holy crap," I gasped.
When it finally warmed up, I set her down gently, still blocking most of the water. "Sorry about that," I offered. "I had no idea it would be so cold."
She didn't seem upset, but looked up at me with a curious expression. "Were you in such a hurry for the shower?"
I wasn't sure how to explain what I had been feeling and struggled for upward of thirty seconds. "I was losing control."
Her eyes flashed and she closed the distance in an instant, her hand latching onto my still mostly hard cock. "Then lose control."
My God, it felt good and my knees tried to buckle.
But then I thought about the disappointed look in Amy-Lynn's eyes that morning and realized it wouldn't be right to go so far with Kat before she and I had really spent time alone together. "Not yet," I managed, taking hold of her wrist and pulling it away from my groin. I thought she was going to argue, but instead she nodded and pushed me out of the water so she could get her hair wet.
She then proceeded to turn washing herself into the single most erotic act I had ever seen.
Her dark hair, usually curly, was stretched down her back while she craned her neck upward and rose up on her toes to get closer to the stream, drawing her stomach tight and pushing her beautiful, full breasts upwards. Dark nipples and a thick, black bush of hair covering her sex contrasted with her dusky skin, and I watched in something akin to awe while rivulets of water raced down her contours. Then she started scrubbing, contorting her lithe body to reach every part of her, giving me gorgeous views from a variety of angles, until there was no part of her body I hadn't seen.
By the time she rinsed the last suds from her skin, precum was leaking freely from my penis and I was practically hyperventilating. Kat looked very pleased with herself. "Shall I wash you?"
The offer was anything but innocent and I declined with a feeble shake of my head.
She stepped to the side to give me room and I immediately turned the water to cold, hoping that it would stave off the orgasm that was trying to break loose. Kat laughed as spray bounced off my shoulders and quickly exited the shower while I stood under the water, trying to calm myself.
I'm not usually one for cold showers, but in this case it helped and after a couple minutes I was more or less rational again. I bumped up the temperature a little and quickly cleaned myself, wondering if I was being an idiot for rejecting Kat's advances.

~ ~ ~

Mandy and Kat were both gone when I got out of the shower, so I dressed in a pair of boxers and laid on my bed, which someone had made for me, hospital corners and all. As I stretched out with my hands behind my head, I wondered briefly what the ladies would think if they watched in real time while I rubbed one out, there for the whole world to see, which started pushing some blood back into my as of yet unsatisfied penis.
It was less than two minutes before I heard the apartment door open, shut, and lock.
A freshly showered and absolutely delightful Amy-Lynn walked into my bedroom. She didn't have the hungry look that always seemed just below the surface with Kat, but she was sexy as hell in a barely there white camisole and gray boy shorts. "Hi, Kai."
"Amy-Lynn."
"Just Amy, please." She sat on the corner of my bed, her movement effortlessly graceful. "My parents call me Amy-Lynn when I'm in trouble."
"I thought that was an American thing," I responded, stalling for time. I was fully erect again, and my stupid dick was fighting to make its way through the fly of my shorts.
She scooted closer and shook her head. "Let's not talk about my parents just now." She placed her hand on my ankle. "I heard what you said in the shower. Kat is very beautiful, and it was very sweet of you to think about us."
She was now touching my knee. "Amy..."
The smile she gave me was out of a magazine and my heart just about stopped. She put her hand on my hip, squeezing gently, rhythmically, and moved up the bed further so her perfect pink lips were poised just above my own. She leaned down and kissed me, picking up the connection we had shared the previous day, then added her other hand to my hair, scratching my scalp and sending warm tingles through my whole body that pushed my arousal up a level. With a suddenness I didn't expect, she pulled my head back and kissed me more passionately, her tongue making deft strokes against my lips. Then she moved to my throat, sucking strongly while she pushed her hand into the soft spot on the inside of my thigh.
With a grunt I came, hard and loud, and very much like an inexperienced teenager.
After a final powerful suck to make sure I was properly marked, Amy pulled away and looked down at me again, flushed and breathing hard. I didn't know what to say, but it didn't matter, because she took my hand and pulled me from the bed, leading me back into the bathroom.
Off came her top and bottoms and I was left open mouthed, shocked stupid by her lovely upturned breasts with oh-so-light pink nipples, tight abdomen, and completely hairless lips poking out between toned thighs. "So beautiful," I managed, which earned me a gorgeous smile.
Without a word, she turned on the water and stepped in, then motioned me forward. Shucking my soiled underwear, I followed, not sure what she had in mind, but feeling less on-edge following my recent release. I should have worried, because she immediately took up the soap and began washing everywhere that might have gotten dirty.
Within a couple minutes she was actively stroking my soap covered penis while massaging my soap covered balls with her other hand. Realization hit me like a slap and I hopped backward, pulling myself out of her slippery hands. "Sorry, sorry," she apologized, shaking her head. "I was having fun and got carried away." I didn't know Amy very well yet, but she certainly looked sincere, so I nodded.
"Thank you, Kai," she said, still contrite, then held out the shower wand so I could get rid of the soap. When I handed it back, she changed the spray pattern and spread her legs. "You can watch, though, right?" Without waiting for a reply, she moved it between her legs and closed her eyes.
Not three feet from me, Amy teased herself with the water, making an assortment of noises from gasps to sighs to soft moans. I could see her orgasm building from the shaking in her legs and was barely breathing when she suddenly opened her eyes, just for a moment, before they slammed shut again. "Oh, Kai."
She came silently, but her whole body shook, and I reached over to hold her steady, afraid she would lose her balance on the slick shower tiles. As soon as I touched her, she moaned and started shaking harder, eventually collapsing against me, the wand falling from numb fingers.
"Are you okay?" I asked after a few seconds.
She nodded and righted herself, then pulled me down into a kiss. "Soon." She wasn't answering my question -- it was a declarative statement, either a promise or a threat.
With that she turned off the water and stepped out of the shower, wrapping a towel around herself and headed out into the bedroom. Now alone, I looked down at my hard-on and shook my head, astonished at how much had happened in the still early day.
I expected to find Amy in the bedroom when I emerged, but it was Savannah sitting nude on my bed.
Big breasts, big hips, long legs, and a lot of smooth, chocolate colored skin. So, so sexy.
"Come here, Kai," she said without preamble.
I folded my arms and cocked my head. "Is that your lawyer voice?"
She raised an eyebrow and stood, taking three steps to get to me. With a deft series of movements she undid and discarded my towel, then grabbed my mostly erect penis. At this point I was willing to believe the women had planned this whole thing, so I went along for the moment.
Until she sat on the bed and took half my cock into her mouth in one fluid movement.
"Whoa!" I cried, stepping back, but she dug her hands into my ass and held me still, sucking harder for a moment that stretched before disengaging.
"Do you want me as much as I want you?"
"I... yes, of course."
"Then stop playing hard to get."
My mind raced. "But Mandy --"
"Is playing a different game. The other two and me... it's a thing."
"But it's only been, like, two days," I objected, not completely sure why I was fighting so hard against what seemed to be the understanding they had reached. "Shouldn't we get to know each other better?"
"We will." She looked up at me, her dark eyes stern. "And this is a good way to start." Savannah lowered her mouth onto me again. I tried to come up with a salient argument, but I had nothing other than it felt like I was using these women, which made me feel like a complete shit-heel. It had an effect, because despite the wonderful sensations Savannah was imparting to me via my phallus, it didn't stay hard.
Gently, I pushed her head away. She looked sad and hurt and mad all at once, so I knelt in front of her. "I'm sorry, but it's too fast for me. I need friendship and real feelings first -- the sexual stuff will come later."
She nodded and looked away, then got to her feet and left without another word.
I was certain I had done the right thing, but felt like an ass anyway. "Fuck."

~ ~ ~

"So, quite the morning, Kai," Gloria teased.
We were sitting in my apartment with Stephanie, eating Chinese takeout. "Yeah. It's a lot harder than I thought it would be, and it's only Day 4."
Stephanie reached over and took my hand. "I think you did fine." I nodded my thanks and turned my attention back to fighting with noodles, trying to figure out how to use the chop sticks they had provided.
"Since you're not actually watching any of the show," Gloria continued, her voice full of irony, "I thought I'd let you know that we didn't show anything... explicit."
"Why not?" I was actually quite surprised.
"Like you said, it's too soon, and for what it's worth, I'm with Stephanie. I think you handled yourself remarkably well, especially considering how forward those women were."
"So you blurred stuff out?"
Gloria shook her head and smiled. "We have a very talented crew. The way it was broadcast makes it impossible to tell what actually happened, which adds some mystery to the entire thing. A topless shot of Kat did sneak through..." She trailed off with a smile.
I shrugged. "I assume it didn't hurt your ratings."
"Up almost forty percent since yesterday." Her smile had turned smug, but more pleased than aggressive.
"Congratulations, Gloria. I know how hard you've worked to make this happen."
Her mask slipped for just a moment and she nodded. "So what next?"
Sighing, I pushed my half-eaten portion away. "Savannah needs to go home."
"What?" It came from both ladies simultaneously.
Nodding, I shrugged, feeling helpless. "She didn't respect the boundaries I set, she didn't show me respect when she stormed off, and she didn't act respectfully toward the other women. She's just not the right woman for me."
Stephanie's eyes were still wide with surprise and she was holding a hand over her mouth.
For some reason, Gloria was looking thoughtful. "It's awfully early to be down to three women..."
After offering a shrug, I pushed back my seat, determined to get the inevitable confrontation and blowup with Savannah over with.
"Did you know that Merci didn't go home?" My heart skipped a beat at the mention of her name, momentarily thinking about what might have been, but it passed just as quickly. "She came back yesterday, while you were at Wrigley, and asked if she could have another chance."
I looked at her skeptically, then at Stephanie, and back again to Gloria. "And you had nothing do with that?"
She gave me an honest-to-goodness hurt look, and I immediately felt bad for being cynical. "No, actually," she snapped back. "She was at the airport, ready to board her flight, and decided she made the wrong choice."
I looked at Stephanie. "So why didn't you tell me last night?"
"I didn't know until now," she answered, sending a dirty look at Gloria.
"The plan was to tell you when we sat down for lunch," the EP interjected, "but after the morning you had, I thought you might need some time to get your mind right."
"Yeah, okay, I can see that. Thanks," I added reluctantly.
She got up and walked around the table to me and squeezed around my shoulders as far as she could reach. "I want to see you find the right woman, Kai, and even though I have a job to do, I'll try my best to make sure it happens. Merci said she can stay a week while you decide, so you don't have to figure things out today."
"I don't need a week. She chose the money, so... it is what it is."
"Actually, she didn't." Gloria walked back around the table and opened her portfolio, then pulled out the certified check for three million dollars -- it was torn neatly in half. I picked up the pieces, feeling a tightness in my chest, and turned them over. On the back, in neat script, Merci had written,I'm sorry, Kai.

~ ~ ~

The conversation with Savannah wasn't nearly as combative as I expected, which kinda made it worse. I don't really want to relive the details, but I expected her to have some choice words... maybe throw something. In other words, I expected to see the competitive fire that had driven her to overstep.
In truth, she didn't seem surprised, so she had probably watched my lunch conversation. We talked for about ten minutes, then said our goodbyes; she left with a little wave, a sad smile, and a warning. "Be careful of them -- they're both sharks."

~ ~ ~

I ate dinner with Stephanie, too upset for a date with one of the girls. I couldn't have told you what had me more on edge, Savannah leaving or her parting shot.
Steph talked with me about the day. It was cathartic in a way, and also a good approach to catching up viewers quickly. She made it easy, so I went along. By the end of the meal I was feeling a bit better. It must have been obvious, because it wasn't thirty seconds after I started clearing the table that the door opened.
Kat sauntered in, her expression saucy, but her overall manner was toned down from what I thought of as her usual approach. Her hair was pulled back in a loose ponytail and she was dressed in a white tank and satiny pink shorts that left the entirety of her long legs bare.
I had time for a quick hug and a rather chaste kiss before Amy rushed in, which was just long enough to account for the thirty second delay on the live stream and time to get down the hall from her room. Like Kat, who settled on the couch when Amy rushed in, she was sporting a ponytail and dressed casually -- flannel pants and a tee -- but it was the wire rimmed glasses that caused me to pause at the just slightly nerdy, utterly sexy look. I shot her a grin and she blushed, so I stepped over to pull her into a hug.
"Can I help?" she asked, gesturing toward the kitchen.
Since I'm not particularly fond of cleaning, dishes or otherwise, we were soon tidying up while Kat surfed Netflix; Stephanie excused herself not long after.
Just as we finished the dishes, Mandy arrived with her fuzzy slippers and two bags of popcorn. She flashed me a smile on her way to the couch, more intent on helping choose a movie than any sort of domestic activity.
While my couch potatoes were discussing the merits of different film genres, I chatted with Amy.
We had such different upbringings, but the conversation with her was always easy and always fun, since she was constantly shooting me little looks or dropping a line. It's why I had dubbed her Sassy during the meet and greet, and I was finding that it fit her even more than I had known. She was feeling lively, carrying the conversation, which was a relief, because I was having a hard time following the thread. It had only been half a day since our shower together and I kept picturing her nude in front of me, although I was honestly trying to stay in the moment.
As I've said, my expressions are pretty easy to read, and she soon clued in that my mind was elsewhere, probably because of the way I was staring at her. She scrunched up her nose and stared back for a moment, then moved close, wrapping her arms around me. "Thinking about earlier?"
"Can't help it," I answered, pulling her a little closer.
"I watched what they showed and you were right -- it's too soon. Thank you for stopping me before anything else happened."
"Wasn't easy," I complained.
"Good," she chirped, looking up at me with her version of a smirk, which included sucking on her top lip. "Let's go join the others or I'm going to get revved up again."
Surprisingly, she led me to the couch and situated me between Kat and Mandy, then sat on the lone chair, but not before she turned it a bit so that it was facing me more than the television. I thought it strange and gave her a look, but she just winked at me.
Turns out Kat was intent on a French film, an erotic thriller with (I guess) hilariously bad subtitles. There were several times when both she and Amy laughed aloud at what was written -- and specifically how poor the translation had been done -- while Mandy and I watched cluelessly. I enjoyed myself anyway, because within ten minutes I had a beautiful Romanian girl leaned against one side and a hip rocker chick on the other; it was my lovely Canadian, however, that was pushing boundaries.
Without appearing to do so, she made sure I always had a view of her most intimate parts, often rearranging her shorts just enough to let me see her bare mound and lips, uncovered as they were by anything so boring as panties. Kat picked up on Amy's game about halfway through the movie and started massaging the outside of my thigh. Red didn't figure it out until the movie's climax arrived when her hand bumped into Kat's somewhere between my legs.
When Kat brazenly grabbed me through my shorts, Amy gave up any pretense of innocence and slid her hand into her own bottoms, making sure that I could see her tracing circles around her clit. In an uncharacteristically bold move from the youngest of the three ladies, Mandy grabbed my wrist and pulled it between her own legs, where I was shocked to discover that she had somehow lost her pants.
All four of us sat there within half a dozen feet of each other, the sexuality mounting rapidly, and yet it didn't feel awkward to me. It was intimate. It was erotic. It was even more intense than the day's previous interactions.
Kat reached up through the leg of my shorts, grabbing my bare penis, but I stopped her. She growled like she had earlier, but I held firm to her wrist. She gave me a fiery look, then a pleading one, but I shook my head. She might have said something, but that was the moment that Amy tripped over the edge, the whoosh of a rapid exhale causing both Kat and I to look her way. Shaking, Sassy emitted a low grunt and slid off the chair to the floor, where she finally stopped stimulating herself.
"Oh, God," Mandy groaned aloud as I pushed her into orgasm as well, having unintentionally increased the pressure on her clit when Amy started cumming. She held tight to my arm, bouncing up and down lightly, until she finally pushed my hand away. "Holy shit."
I quirked an eyebrow at her and she blushed, then got feisty and stood up on the couch so she could look down at me. She shot a look at Kat, then grabbed both of my ears. Red kissed me fiercely, pushing my head back while she aggressively licked and sucked on my lips and tongue. I know I moaned.
Then I moaned again when Kat did something very naughty that I couldn't see. I tried to lift my head up, but Mandy had the leverage, and short of actually tossing her off, there wasn't much I could do. And besides, whatever was happening down below was nothing short of life altering, a sharp pleasure-pain feeling on the head of my cock mixed with firm pressure and a slight up and down motion on the shaft. I tried to say something -- a warning, or maybe an admonishment -- but Mandy pushed her tongue completely into my mouth and my senses shut off entirely. It was only a moment later that I came, screaming into her wicked mouth.
My throat was hoarse and my lips swollen as Red finally let me up, a look of triumph written across her features as she separated from me and picked up the remote on her way to the chair. I took in the rest of the room and found that Amy was sitting on my right while Kat was more or less where I had last seen her on my left.
"What..." I had planned to say something, but I was still overwhelmed by the experience and trying to catch up, so nothing further actually came out. Kat stood and leaned over me, shooting me a playful smile, then leaned in for a deep, sensual kiss. The taste was different than our previous kisses and I moaned into her mouth, it somehow being hotter to know what she had been doing.
"Good night, Kai." Then she was sauntering to the door.
"Unbelievable." It was the only thing that came to mind as I watched her go.
A hand took hold of my chin and suddenly I was staring into Amy's soft brown eyes. We looked at one another for a moment and the affection in her expression made me feel warm inside, from my chest down to my stomach. I smiled, which is what she must have been waiting for, and she kissed me. A deep, sensuous kiss that left my head reeling, because she and Kat tasted the same.
Day 5
I was up at normal time, despite not having slept well. I'd sent Mandy back to her apartment with a swat to her rear around Midnight, determined to get some rest. It hadn't come easily, and when it finally did, it was a skittish thing, frightened away at the slightest noise. Consequently, I had absolutely no desire to get up and work out, but Wednesday is Leg Day, and if there had been a third rule of Fight Club, it would have been,We do not skip leg day.
So I turned on the electric kettle and got dressed.
Then I poured the hot water and washed up.
And when I came back to sip on my tea, a beautiful brunette had beat me to it.
"Hi, Amy."
"Good morning, Kai." She was dressed in regular yoga pants and a tight tank top, the kind of thing women wear when they actually want to work out, starkly different than the spanks and sports bra she'd worn the day before. "This is good," she continued, gesturing to me with the cup, which I gently removed from her hands, despite her pout. I promptly returned it after a sip.
"I see you found the sugar."
"It was too strong," she replied casually. I let out a tortured sigh while she looked up at me, smirk firmly fixed in place.
"Listen, Amy, we need to talk." Her expression immediately dropped and she set the cup down with a thud, fortunate not to have cracked the ceramic.
"I'm sorry, Kai, I was just trying to tease you. I'll make you another cup right now." She was already off the stool and hurrying around the bar.
"Slow down," I said, pulling her gently to my side to stop her progress. "I didn't mean you're in trouble for the tea, but we do have some serious stuff to discuss. Have a seat. Please."
Looking very uncertain, she made her way back to her seat while I busied myself with another tea. Having a little something to do with my hands made broaching the subject a tad easier, but I wasn't looking forward to the conversation -- it's what had fought off sleep on my behalf for most of the night. "I think Kat and I have such different backgrounds that she wouldn't fully understand what I want to say, and Mandy's a bit shy, which would make it awkward, so I was going to come find you this morning anyway. I figure you're kind of the unofficial spokeswoman and can talk it over with them later." I paused for a moment. "Actually, they're probably watching the feed right now."
She raised her shoulder in a half shrug, but didn't contradict anything I'd said.
Deep breath in, hold for ten, deep breath out. "A couple days ago, when you kissed me... it was my first real kiss."
Amy's eyes narrowed, like she was having trouble believing what I'd said. "Wait... like, ever?" I nodded self-consciously and looked right into her eyes, in spite of my discomfort, hoping she's see the earnestness. Her eyes slowly widened and a hand came up to her mouth. "So yesterday was..."
"A lot. Really, really a lot."
"Oh, my God, Kai, I am so sorry." She rushed around the bar again, even faster than before, practically throwing herself at me. "I can't believe we did that to you," she said, hugging me tightly. She pushed back so she could look up at me. "That's why you wanted to take it slow -- so your first time would be special."
I rolled my eyes a bit, then looked back at her. "Yes and no. The bigger problem is that I don't know how to be involved with one woman, let alone three."
"Don't you mean four?"
"But Savannah's gone."
Now Amy's face took on an exasperated expression. "I'm talking about Merci, Kai. Remember her? The pretty blonde with the huge boobs and sexy accent."
"Be nice, please. I don't even know what's going to happen. We're going to talk and then see what makes sense."
"Exactly." She said the word like it proved everything, but I just stared down at her helplessly. Amy looked away and folded her arms, then let out a frustrated breath. "It's obvious you like her. I mean, you named her Delicious. So we wanted to... you know..."
I had finally started to figure it out, but I wanted to hear what she'd say. "What do I know?"
She looked embarrassed for a moment, then upset. When she spoke, it wasn't much above a whisper. "We wanted to remind you that we can be delicious, too."
Gut punched. That's how I felt.
Dropping to a knee, I pulled her back close to me. "I'm sorry, Amy. I wasn't trying to hurt any of you."
"We know, Kai. That's what makes it hard. What if we miss our chance with you because she comes back and we never showed you how we felt?" She stared at me with watery eyes from a foot away; I was barely breathing. "What if I never took my shot?"
"So that's why you..." I gestured lamely to her lower half, thinking about her performance in the shower, and she snapped out a sharp laugh in surprise, then shook her head, but at least she was smiling again.
"It's about living a dream, even if just for a moment, with the perfect guy." Now I laughed at the absurdity of her statement. Apparently, it hadn't been a joke, because she balled up her fist and punched me in the shoulder -- not hard, mind you, but enough to demonstrate that she was serious. "Fuck you, Kai. You're everything that I've dreamed of since I was a girl. You don't get to play it off like some game."
Like her, I turned serious. "You don't even know me, Amy."
"Bullshit," she spit out, her eyes bright and nostrils flaring. "You're kind, and sweet, and quirky, which I absolutely adore. You're dark, handsome, built like a fucking ox, and every time I'm near you I feel like I'm either going to faint or throw-up. I want you to hold me, and kiss me, and fuck me til I can't stand. I want to tease you, and hold your hand, and cook for you -- I want to love you." As she wound down she was crying openly, only this time, instead of a sick feeling in my stomach, a warm sensation was spreading through my whole body, the passion behind her words giving me hope that she might really feel as she said.
"You really mean all that?" In response, she punched my shoulder again, but there was nothing behind it. Something in my expression -- that same earnestness, I guess -- broke through her tears and her lip quirked, just a little. I handed her a tissue and she cleaned herself up. "Thank you. I can't tell you how much what you said means to me."
"You don't have to," she replied, "but tell me how you feel about me." Her voice was still a bit shaky, but her shoulders were set and her poise had returned.
"I adore everything that I know about you, from your personality to your grace to your beauty... but I don't know what love is. Not yet. I'm going to do everything I can to find out, which is why we need to go slow. Yes?"
She nodded and let out a long breath. Then she stepped into my personal space, gave me a moment to pull away, and kissed me. When we'd kissed before I felt her passion, now added to it was a longing, deep in its intensity and literally breathtaking in its breadth. Without words she managed to reinforce everything she'd told me, and by the time she finally broke away, I was crying with her.
Clearing my throat and blinking away unshed tears, I pushed back to my feet. "I, uh, have no words."
Amy nodded in response, squeezed my hand, and let herself out of the apartment.

~ ~ ~

I pushed off the meeting with Merci by a day, too shook up by my discussion with Amy to do anything more than torture my legs -- after well over two hours exercising, I seriously considered crawling back to my apartment.

~ ~ ~

Mandy brought me a twenty count nugget, large fries, and a cheeky grin that brightened my day immediately. I wasn't exactly sad, but the seriousness of what I'd gotten myself into was finally starting to sink in. Fortunately, Red didn't seem to care.
Where Amy's pitch had been sincere, Mandy was fun and playful. We joked back and forth throughout the meal, and when we'd chucked the trash and moved to the couch, she settled in comfortably on my chest. She laid still for a while as I rubbed her back, enjoying the closeness.
"Why am I still here, Kai?"
"What kind of question is that?" I admonished gently.
"You didn't answer my question," she retorted with a poke to my ribs.
"The simple answer is that I like you. You're cool, and cute, and you make me happy. Does it have to be more complicated than that?"
"Yes."
We continued to lay there while I pondered the meaning of such a simple word. I'm glad to say that I didn't compare Mandy to the others for even a moment -- my focus was entirely on her... and on me.
"You think it's not enough to build a marriage around?" I finally asked.
She pulled herself tighter against me. "I don't think I'm ready to find out."
I let out a heavy sigh. "You want to leave."
Red chuckled. "Actually, I want to stay and see how things go."
That made me laugh, a big guffaw that shook her around on my chest. "And what would you do exactly?"
She pushed herself up and planted her bottom directly on my crotch, wiggling around for good measure. "I could be your spy -- tell you what they're up to."
Another laugh and I wasn't feeling nearly so glum as I had a few moments before. "Pretty sure I could just watch on the feeds."
"But you won't, which is where I could come in." She said it definitively and put her hands on her hips as if it was settled, then turned more serious. "I thought I was ready for whatever the next step is -- marriage, kids, that whole deal -- but I'm just not. The thing is, I really, really like you. I wish you would be good with dating for a while, seeing where it goes, but that's not where you're at.
"I'm not nearly as poetic as Amy, but..." She shrugged. "I think you're awesome. Maybe, if you let me stay, I can be your friend. We can talk while you figure things out."
I chuckled again. "I think that's Stephanie's job."
"Please," she retorted with an elaborate eye roll. "She's halfway to being in love with you." Pushing myself up on an elbow, I looked at her, trying to figure out if she was giving me a hard time. "I'm serious, Kai. That girl is smitten... which you'd know if you had a friend looking out for you." Her triumphant look caused me to smile, and I shook my head.
"I don't think so."
"Then ask her," she challenged, poking me in the belly. "If she says yes, I'll trade places with her right away." She grinned like she knew she'd already won the bet; I hadn't even responded yet.
"No, Red, that would just make things harder. Think about what happened when Gloria mentioned Merci. I can't imagine what it would be like to throw that particular curve ball."
She poked me again. "Ask her." Mandy's voice was back to serious. "Or you'll doubt yourself for the rest of your life. It's obvious to everyone but you how much you like her." I didn't have a response, so I flopped back on the couch. Unbidden, Stephanie materialized in my mind and Red laughed, then ground herself into my hardening penis. "See? This is why you need me."
Laying back down, she slid herself up my torso so that her head was on my shoulder, then leaned in even closer to whisper. "There is one thing, though."
Mind still reeling from the newest plot twist, I was ready to give up and hide in my bedroom for the next six or eight weeks. "What's that?"
"When you get over this thing about being a virgin, I want a turn."
"You what?" I sat up so fast I nearly flipped her onto the floor.
The look on her face was the same I'd seen the night before when she tried to suck my soul out through my mouth. "When Kai season is open, you give me one night."
Day 6
Push Day again in the exercise room, but without much drama.
Kat and Amy decided to leave a little breathing room, so aside from trying to distract me with outrageous poses and equally over-the-top looks -- they seemed to be having a great time feeding off each other, laughing and clapping and carrying on -- nothing crazy happened, although I did almost drop the bar once when Kat bent over and pulled her spandex covered cheeks apart.
As I forced myself up after my ab routine, both were standing there, hands outstretched. I'm sure my eyes got wide, because I suddenly knew what they had in mind.
Five minutes later and we were in my shower, sans clothing. They still mostly respected my boundaries from the previous day, staying clear of my erotic pieces, but making sure absolutely everything else was thoroughly washed. When they finally stepped away, I exhaled a mixture of pent up frustration and relief.
"Our turn," Kat intoned, blinking her eyes innocently and holding out an already lathered shower poof. I took the devilish instrument and Kat turned, and after pulling her hair out of the way, placed her hands on the tiled wall and pushed her bottom toward me; not more than a couple feet away, Amy pulled out a wand and began "cleaning" herself like she'd done the day before.
Approaching slow, I made eye contact briefly with Amy, whose lids were already drooping as she manipulated the pulsating water playing across herself. I started with Kat's neck and shoulders, then slowly moved down her back, earning little shivers along the way. As I reached her hips and began to massage the amazing rear in front of me, Amy moaned loudly and began to shake; she was soon sitting on the floor, breathing heavily.
I knew I should be checking on Amy to make sure she was okay, but I was having trouble removing my mind off touching Kat, especially the part where I had accidentally on purpose brushed her rosebud with a pinky.
"Naughty Man," Kat said with an absolutely wicked grin as she gently took the wand from Amy's unresisting fingers. Rather than lift a leg like Amy had done, Trouble sat shoulder to shoulder with the recovering blonde and spread herself open to me, then applied the water. "Oh," she squeaked with a start, "this is very good." She leaned her head back and closed her eyes.
Coming around again, Amy smiled up at me, but rather than stand up so I could at least pretend to wash her, she pointed to the second wand, which I turned on and silently handed to her. Mirroring our European beauty's pose, she spread herself completely open, which required placing her own leg over top of Kat's. Then, to my utter astonishment, she wrapped her hand around Kat's thigh, squeezing tightly as the water started to work its magic again; Kat soon followed suit and the pair quickly found a rhythm that had precum drooling from my straining cock.
"On us," Kat said harshly before closing her eyes once again as she started to ascend toward climax.
Like a deer in the headlights, I didn't do anything -- it was Amy that noticed. "Touch yourself, Kai. Please." There was a hint of desperation and Kat's words clicked.
"Oh, my God," I managed as I started to stroke.
Kat was taking great, deep breaths, her chest heaving, when orgasm hit. Her legs shot out, half spinning Amy, while she gasped inarticulately. "Oh!" Amy gasped in surprise as Kat's hand clamped down on her thigh, then she, too, was cumming.
Too much -- entirely too much.
I came so hard I saw stars, which partially obscured my view of thick traces of cum arcing out to land on Kat's still shuddering tits. Collapsing to one leg, I had to put a hand down to keep from falling over.
"Are you both okay?" I finally managed.
Smiling in a contented way I hadn't seen before, Kat nodded while tracing her finger through my spend. Still feeling competitive, Amy reached over and got some on her finger, then traced one of Kat's nipples, treating it roughly. A shocked gasp left Kat's mouth, then she settled again. "Naughty woman." Amy grinned as she popped the tip of the finger in her mouth.

~ ~ ~

"Hi, Merci," I called as she entered my apartment. She looked nervous, but I didn't give her much time to stay that way as I closed the gap and picked her up into a spinning, shriek inducing hug. When I set her down, her cheeks were flushed, probably in embarrassment, but she was smiling broadly.
I invited her to sit at the bar, then made some tea -- mostly to keep my hands busy -- while we talked.
Our discussion wasn't exactly easy, nor was it as bad as I'd feared. The simple summary is that she had doubted herself when she saw the other women, which was certainly understandable. Kat alone, with her exotic looks and saucy attitude, was enough to make any woman feel insecure, and when Amy and and Savannah were added to the mix, it was just too much for her.
"But you've seen what a madhouse it's turned into -- do you really want to be part of this?"
"I think so," she replied noncommittally, so I shook my head.
"This has to be an all-in thing. I completely understand if you're reluctant -- I probably wouldn't come near this whole deal if I were in your shoes."
We sat sipping tea in silence for a minute or two before she responded. "It's not you that I'm worried about."
"Is it the other women or the cameras?"
She shook her head, making lovely blonde curls bounce around in a way that nearly hypnotized me. "I don't think I can compete with what they're doing. It takes me time to open up with physical things."
Looking down at her, I felt confused, so I tried to figure out if I was just being dense. "You know I'm not pushing any of that, right?"
"Yes!" she snapped, but I don't think she was angry at me. "Yes, and that's why I feel even more strongly that I should be here, but I'm afraid that I'll feel pressured to..."
Nodding, I reached across the counter and took her hand, which was shaking. "Amy and Kat are..." I struggled to find an appropriate adjective, then gave up. "They're Amy and Kat. If you want to come back, then all I ask is that you be Merci -- not some competitor in a reality contest."
Merci blinked wet eyes and nodded her understanding.
"How do you feel about physical stuff happening between me and them? I could say that things would change if you come back, but I'll be honest -- they're wearing me down." I wasn't joking, but Merci laughed anyway. "I was being serious."
This time it was Merci that comforted me, squeezing the hand that still held hers. "I know, Kai. It's just so obvious that you're new to relationships. You've got infatuation mixed up with love, and it's making you overthink things."
"Maybe," I allowed, but it didn't make me happy to have my building feelings for the other ladies doubted.
"Maybe," she countered right back, "if you let them give you a jobby when they want to, you'll be able to focus on the important stuff, like getting to know them."
"Can it really be that simple?" She shrugged, but there was a smirk in place while she did it. "And you'd be fine with them... you know?"
The great thing about natural blondes is that their blushes are so dramatic and fetching. "I'd rather you wait until we get there ourselves, but..."
"Okay, wow."
Right on cue, Kat opened the door, followed closely behind by a frustrated Amy. "Dammit -- it's not fair -- her room is closer than mine."
"I didn't mean now, you tarts," Merci admonished, but there wasn't any venom in her words -- truth be told, she didn't even look particularly surprised.
Rather than respond, Kat gave her a quick hug on her way around the bar and was soon fiddling with my belt. "Merci, help." Amy joined in a few moments later, pulling on my jeans.
"And what," she said dramatically, folding her arms to accentuate her amazing tits, "would you like me to do about them?"
"I --"
Heaven. Paradise. Nirvana.
I lost the ability to speak for several very long moments.
"Hi, Merci," Mandy said cheerfully, hopping on the stool next to her. I hadn't even noticed she'd come in. "Hi, Kai." She sent me that smirk thing of hers and I groaned, which earned me several extra squeezes down below. "Since Merci is coming back, did you make up your mind about Stephanie?"
One of the women working on me gave a warning tug, but it didn't matter -- the thought of adding our sweet and spicy host to this mix was too much and I just had time to give a tap on somebody's head before I was cumming, grunting and trying not to pass out while I laid my forehead on the counter. One of the other two ran her fingers through my hair.
"Feckin' Hell," Merci breathed throatily. "That was a bit more than I expected."
"No kidding," Amy shot back from beneath the counter. "You'd think he'd been saving it up for weeks."

~ ~ ~

When Mandy first mentioned swapping places with Stephanie, the latter had a bit of a freak out. Not surprising, really, given that she'd already given up her network job to be the show's host. The issue for the show was that she went radio silent: no cell, no social media, no answering her door. Gloria was much more understanding than I expected -- I didn't find out why until we sat down for what should have been my daily interview with Steph.
"How was your day, Kai?"
"Emotionally exhausting, if I'm being honest, although I'm happy that Merci and I had a chance to talk through a couple things, even if it wasn't the most... private conversation."
"Congratulations, that may be the biggest understatement in the history of reality television."
I'm sure I blushed, because I felt my cheeks get hot, but I didn't apologize. The ladies had established the rules among themselves, which I still didn't fully understand, and also set down the expected behavioral norms, which I still couldn't believe.
"What are your thoughts on Stephanie?"
"I don't know, Gloria. Overwhelmed, surprised... hopeful, maybe."
"Understandable." She sat there, looking at me with an understanding smile, waiting for me to say more. It had to be two full minutes without any conversation.
"So, are we done?" I decided my thoughts were too muddled to volunteer anything at the moment, and the safer play would be to not play at all.
Gloria's smile grew, probably because I'd called her bluff. "Do you know how we selected a host for the show?"
"Um... no. Should I?"
"We went through resumes and highlight reels, called a couple dozen outlets, and did a bunch of stuff that's pretty typical to set up a reality show. We ended up with almost twenty good candidates, which I narrowed to eight through interviews. The most important thing in casting for this kind of show is chemistry between the talent -- that's you -- and the host. And since we already had a compatibility test..."
Gloria sat forward on the chair, her eyes making her whole demeanor quite intimidating. "Remember that I didn't want you to know we'd have a host until the last minute? I figured that whoever went the farthest in the selection process would have a natural ease with you, and she does. But none of us expected that she'd go quite so far in the process."
I felt my stomach drop.
"She's from Nacogdoches, Texas, isn't she?" Gloria nodded and sat back, her expression now unreadable. I closed my eyes and thought about the biography's contents -- about the woman who, in retrospect, was missing from the Big Day. I hadn't put it together. "She has an older brother with two kids, and a younger one with three. She enjoys playing Aunt, but wants at least two of her own. She loves to camp, especially sitting around a fire chatting with people she cares about. Big Cowboys fan, and she has dual degrees from Stephen F Austin, Digital media and..." My memory failed me at the last moment.
"English. She also played golf for the university."
"It's really her?"
"Yes."
"Fuck." Gloria's revelation had caught me entirely flatfooted and I needed to do something about that. Immediately. I started by taking her hand and pulling her up into a big hug, well above the floor. "Thank you," I said, kissing her cheek. Then I looked to the camera. "Steph, get yourself ready to be on TV. I'll be over to see you as soon as I can." I turned back to Gloria. "You do know where she lives, right?"
My answer was an exasperated look, so I replied with a grin and made my way to the door, grabbing my shoes on the way. I don't think Gloria or anyone else was expecting me to want to go so quickly, so I was down the hall and at the elevator before Night William was even remotely ready. The delay meant the thirty second delay got used up, and the hallway was suddenly full of teary eyed women in nightwear.
There was a lot of confusion and talking and jostling as cast and crew sorted ourselves out, until we were finally ready to go. I'd been so excited to see Steph that I hadn't considered the feelings of the others, which made me feel just awful. I pushed and pulled until we were all standing in somebody's apartment, much smaller than my blown out place. "I feel like I have to do this." I made eye contact with each of them, making sure they could see this wasn't some game to me.
Of all of them, Kat was the most intense. She waited about ten second, then took a step and jumped into my arms. The kiss she laid on me stole my breath and nearly put me unconscious, and I ended up staggering back to the couch where I sat down with an unexpected oomph. She bit my lip, hard enough to make it sting. "After this, no more surprises." I nodded and she smiled, then gave me a much softer kiss, loaded with feeling.
The emotion of the interaction left me stunned and it wasn't until Mandy started pulling on my arm that I stood up again. "The sooner you go, the sooner you come back."
That at least made a kind of sense and I nodded, then stumbled out the door, afraid I had lost my will to go find out if Stephanie really might be the girl I thought she might be.
After my rush to leave, I felt embarrassed when I entered the elevator. "Is it far?" Gloria gave me her incredulous look again and hit the button for the floor below mine. "Oh."
So the commute took all of a minute and a half.
"I assume it's the one with half a dozen people around it," I said as I stepped from the elevator.
"Good guess," Gloria confirmed without too much cynicism; maybe she could feel how nervous I'd become.
I readied myself to knock, then stopped. "Listen, if she lets me in, just Will, okay? I don't want to overwhelm her any more than I have to." I received a nod from the EP, which led to nods from everybody else. I knocked.
The door opened immediately -- not surprising since I'd announced my intentions -- but before I could enter, Gloria shouldered past me and wrapped Stephanie in a hug, whispering rapidly in her ear, then she was in the hallway again. I looked back and forth between the two women, wondering what was going on, but I waited too long, so Gloria planted her hands on my rear and guided me into the room, finishing with an extra squeeze for effect. It left me staring down at Stephanie, who looked somewhere between overwhelmed, terrified, and a bit giddy.
"Can we talk?"
"Like with Merci earlier?" Her retort was sharp and stung more than it should have. I guess I was feeling pretty guilty about the state of affairs.
"I can go."
She didn't say anything, so I nodded -- I'm sure my disappointment was evident. "Goodbye, Steph. Maybe under different circumstances..." There was no way she could continue as host with the revelation and we both knew it.
She nodded and I turned.
"Wait!"
I paused, my hand reaching for the door handle.
"Can't we just talk for a little while without the camera?"
I held my palms up apologetically. "That's not what I signed up for -- if not for the cameras, I'd have never met any of you."
She probably hadn't followed that line of reasoning before and it gave her pause, which gave me hope. She pointed to the opposite side of the couch, so I walked over and sat.
"What did you want to say?" Her directness was a bit of a surprise, but not entirely unexpected.
"Only to tell you that I'd like you to join us."
"The 'us' is the problem." I nodded, but didn't say anything -- she knew more about the show than I did, both as the host and a viewer. "I can't be... sexual with you on TV. And I don't think I can be okay with you being sexual with the others."
"I completely understand." I rose and her eyes went wide.
"Wait, where are you going?"
"Steph, I'm just one player in this thing. If you want to talk about any of that, it can't just be with me." I gave her a solid ten seconds to reply, but she didn't. "Do you want to go upstairs for a while, chat with the others?"
"Not even a little bit," she sighed, but stood all the same.
A little more hope fluttered around in my chest. "Yeah?"
"Yeah." It was the least convincing affirmation I'd ever heard.
"Hug?"
"Definitely," she replied immediately, stepping close and wrapping her arms around my waist. I held her there, determined to let her be the one to break the embrace, and was glad to feel the tension in her arms and shoulders slowly recede. Then I remembered it was Stephanie I was holding and I began to react unconsciously.
The look she gave me wasn't angry, but it was bordering on dumbfounded. "Seriously, after your play time earlier?"
"It's because it's you."
"So what?" she asked -- almost demanded -- but I just shook my head and held her a little tighter, enjoying the feel of her breasts pushing into my stomach. In response, she pulled herself closer, then finally relaxed. "Thanks, Kai. I know I'm being up and down."
"S'okay. Let's head back upstairs."

~ ~ ~

I don't know how long the ladies talked, but it was a little after ten when I dropped off Stephanie. She was reluctant to let go of my hand, so I was thrilled to see them welcome her into their confab -- it made me feel good to know I had amazing women on the journey with me, despite my having made it awkward for everyone involved.