Author's note: I suggest reading chapters 14, 15, and 16 before reading this. It will make more sense.
The next morning, I called Katherine and asked her if she could come into my office. I damn near had a stroke when she walked in.
Ha!she thought to herself.Look at that reaction! Ha!
She came in wearing one of the outfits we had purchased at the mall yesterday. She had chosen the peach colored one piece, strapless micro mini dress. It wore like a second layer of skin. The color made her tan skin come alive. The top barely covered those luscious tits. Her erect nipples were poking just under the top of the dress. I know those areolas were just dying to peek out. The bottom hem fell just below her incredible ass. There was no way she was sitting down wearing that and not doing a Sharon Stone Basic Instinct flash. It clung to every 38-24-36 curve.
"You, uh, you looked really, um, nice today, Katherine," I said right after I picked my tongue up off the floor. You fuckin' cock hungry slut!
She ran her hands across her body. "Why, thank you, Mark. That's very nice of you to say. I'm still unsure about the fit, you know, up here," she said cupping her luscious breasts. "I just have to be very careful. Remember?" She took a deep breath and the girls came flying out. She left them out just long enough for drool to form at the corners of my mouth before she tucked them away.
"Oh! Yeah. Right. How could I forget?" I asked with a crooked grin.
"Thank you for purchasing it for me yesterday. I promise I'll pay you back."
You already have in spades!I waved my hand at her. "Don't sweat it. It was the least I could do."After those fuckers gang banged you and stole your clothes! Ha!
"Yes, well, be that as it may, why did you ask me to come see you today?"I wonder if he wants to show me his cock...(GASP!) I must stop thinking about it! But...but I can't!
"Listen, I have a confession. Well, not so much as a confession as, well..."
Katherine had a concerned look on her face. "What...what is it?"
"You might want to close the door." I leaned back in my chair. "Look, Katherine, I don't have an infatuation with your tits."
Her jaw dropped. "You most certainly do!" She was so stunned at my statement she didn't even admonish me for my language. "You...you undress me every time I'm around you! Are...are you saying you're cured?"
I chuckled. "No, nothing like that. Don't get me wrong. You've got great tits."
"(gasp) Mark! Language! Please!"There it is.
"Okay. Fine. You've got great...breasts. And I love seeing them. But I'm not infatuated with them."Hell yeah I am! But, anyone who's fucked 'em would be!"I'm a guy. Simple as that. I'm a guy."
Her face was turning red. "That...that's not true! It's not that simple! You're...you're a pervert! A pervert who's infatuated with my breasts!" Anyone listening close enough would hear her screeching.
"Look, I can prove it. I can prove I'm no different than any other red blooded American male."
She crossed her arms, almost making the girls fly out of her dress again.I love that dress!"I'm going to invite a couple of guys in here one at a time under the guise of talking about a design. While we're doing that, I want you to watch their eyes. I mean, really watch their eyes. I promise you, they're going to spend more time looking at your ti...breasts than at the job." I paused. A crooked smile crossed my face. "You might want to watch the bulges grow in their pants, too."
Her jaw dropped. "I don't believe a word you're saying!"
I shrugged my shoulders. "I'm telling you, all guys are perverts. Some are just better at hiding it than others. Apparently, I'm not that good at hiding it. I promise you, even your darling Darren is a fucking pervert."
"(GASP!) He most certainly is not!"
I shrugged my shoulders again. "Okay, if you say so. But I promise you, he is."
"That's impossible!"
"Okay, whatever. And this same exercise will show that you still need to be in 'the program' because you're nothing but a cock-loving slut."
I thought she was going to stroke out. "How...how...how can you say that?! I...I...I most certainly am not! I...I'm a good, Catholic girl! I wasn't raised that way! I'm not like that!"
I couldn't help but laugh. "Ha ha ha! Yeah, okay. Keep lying to yourself. I saw you try to see my crotch when you walked in. I'll bet you dreamed about it last night. Hell, I'll bet you're thinking about it right now."
Her face flushed. She knew every word I just said was true. But she would never admit it. She looked at the floor and quietly said, "That...that's not true."
"Yeah, okay. Then I guess this experiment will tell us one way or the other, right?"
"Yes, I suppose you're correct. How shall we proceed?"
I explained to her in general terms what I wanted her to do, and what I expected to happen. After she agreed to the ground rules, I lowered the shades on my floor-to-ceiling glass wall and dialed the phone. It wasn't long before Steve walked in.
"Hey, man, what's u...wow! Oh, uh, hey, uh, Katherine." It was the first time he'd seen her and her painted on mini dress today. "Wow! You, uh, you look great today."
She blushed. "Oh! That's very kind of you, Mr. Helton. Thank you."
He pulled his gaze away from her to look at me. "So, uh, what's up?"
"Well, we've got this project we're working on and wanted your opinion on it."
Soon the three of us were leaning over my desk staring at the designs spread across it. Katherine subtly watched Steve to see if what I had suggested was true. Which, of course, it was. His eyes darted frantically from the papers to her cleavage, back and forth, spending far more time in her cleavage than on the task at hand.
Oh my goodness! It's true!Katherine thought to herself.He's practically staring at my breasts!Her gaze shifted down.Ohmagawd! His...his pants! He...his groin is bulging! Ohmagawd! He...he's getting an erection! Could it be? Could Mark be right?! No! That's impossible!
The longer the conversation went on, the more obvious it became that Steve was far more interested in Katherine than in the project. And, as I had predicted but was still somewhat surprised to see, Katherine's glances towards Steve's growing bump became more and more obvious.
I wonder how big he is? I wonder if it's as big as Mark's? I wonder...stop! Stop it! Stop thinking about Mark's penis! Stop thinking about men's members!As hard as she tried to fight it, she found herself becoming aroused.Maybe he's right? Maybe Mark's not infatuated with my breasts after all. Maybe...maybe these men aren't infatuated with my breasts. Maybe...they truly desire me!For a Catholic woman who attended all-girl schools, being fancied by men was a revelation to her.
Mercifully for Steve, I decided we had seen enough. "Thanks for coming in, man. We really appreciate your input on it."
Steve's face was flushed. His pants looked uncomfortable as hell. "Oh, yeah, uh, no problem. Glad to help."
"Yes, thank you so much, Steve." Katherine took a deep breath. Her hands flew to her mouth. "Oh my goodness!" Her gumdrop nipples were erect and happy to be out in the fresh air.
Steve's eyes popped out of his head. "Holy shit!"
I just sat back and watched the show.
Katherine not-so-quickly pulled her top up and tucked her globes back in. "Oh my goodness! I'm so sorry, Steve! Please forgive."
Beads of sweat were on Steve's forehead. His eyes bounced from the nipples trying to tear through the material to her blue eyes. "Oh, yeah, uh, no, uh, no problem." After an awkward moment of silence, he stepped towards the door. "Well, uh, I guess I'll...I'll, uh, just get back to work." And he stepped out the door.
I chuckled. "I guarantee he's going to the bathroom to jerk off."
"(GASP!) Mark! Please!"
"So, did you see it? Did you notice it? He couldn't keep his eyes off your ti...breasts."
"I...I might have noticed glances in my direction."
I felt a grin cross my face. "I noticed you glancing at his bulge a couple of times, too."
Her jaw fell open. "I most certainly did not!"
I couldn't help but laugh. "Ha ha ha! Yeah, okay. You're lying, but okay. So, still think I have an infatuation? Or is it every guy?"
"No, it's not every man! Steve didn't undress me with his eyes the way you do."Who am I kidding? He had me naked and was having his way with me on the desk in his mind!
"Oh-ho-ho-kay, if that's the story you want to stick with." I picked up the phone. "Hey, Bob, can you come to my office, please. We need your input with something. Yeah, thanks."
Roger followed Bob. The same scenarios played out. Roger didn't hide his stares nearly as well as the other two. And Katherine's observations of bulges became less subtle with each new visitor. By the time Roger left, Katherine felt like there was a fire between her legs that was about to consume her.
I leaned back in my chair, quite satisfied with myself. "So, are you ready to admit that I'm right?"
Katherine's face was flushed with heat. She was beginning to realize I was right. The fact that these men might desire her was almost more than she could take. She couldn't keep herself from imagining, even if it was only for a fleeting moment, what each man's penis might look like, what it might feel or taste like.
"I...I...I most certainly am not," she stuttered. "The only thing you've proven today is that those three men...could possibly have some perverted thoughts where I'm concerned. But I definitely don't feel as if they were infatuated with my breasts the way you are! What I will admit is some --some!Some men might be, as you say, 'perverts'. But I still maintain that men in general -- men like my Darren -- aren't perverted pigs like you."
"So, are you going to stand there and deny those guys were checking you out?"
She thought about her answer. She clenched her jaw. "No, I can't deny that."
I smiled and nodded. "Well, that's something at least. So, you think there are men out there who aren't least bit interested in seeing your tits? Or fucking your brains out?"
She sucked the air out of the room with her gasp of horror. "Mark! Language! Please! Oh my God!"
I chuckled and waved my hand at her. "Okay, okay, settle down. But, seriously, you're telling me if Darren, or someone like Darren, were to have the same meeting we just had with those guys, they wouldn't have even the slightest perverted thought about you, correct?"
She crossed her arms in defiance. "Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying."
"Okay, I'll tell you what. I'm going to prove you wrong...again. Pick any guy -- any guy -- in this building who you think wouldn't have the slightest interest in seeing your ti...breasts. If you're right, I'll admit that I'm infatuated with your...breasts...and continue with the program (which I have no problem with whatsoever!). But, if I'm right, you have to admit I'm not infatuated with your breasts and apologize to me for thinking so."
With her arms still crossed, she glared at me. "Fine."
"And you've already admitted, on more than one occasion, that you're infatuated with my cock..."
"Mark! Please!"
I rolled my eyes. "Oh dear Lord. My...member. You've already admitted that. And I maintain you're infatuated with all male...members. Right?"
She looked at the ground. "Correct," she whispered.
"So, regardless of what happens, we'll stay in the program until you're cured, okay?"
"We!Untilwe'recured!"
"Okay, fine, whatever."Either way it's a win-win for me."So, who's it gonna be?"
She thought long and hard about it. Finally she said with a hint of a smile, "Jimmy."
I had to think who Jimmy was. Then it hit me. "Jimmy? Jimmy in accounting?" She nodded her head with a look that suggested she had me dead to rights. For the first time, I was worried. She might have picked the one guy on the planet that would prove me wrong. I picked up the phone. "Hey, Jimmy! Can you come up here and give us a cost break down of this project we're looking at? Yeah. Okay. Thanks."
A few minutes later, Jimmy walked in, all 120 pounds of him. He was a small, mousy man. His black hair was gelled and parted at the side. His black safety glasses were shoved tight against his face. His perfectly knotted black tie ran straight down his freshly-pressed white short-sleeved shirt, which was tucked neatly into his black pants. His pocket protector was neatly tucked into his shirt pocket.
"Hey, Mark." Then he noticed Katherine. His eyes nearly popped out of his head at her dress, then he looked at the ground. "Oh! Uh, hello, uh, Katherine," he said as he shuffled his feet.
"Hello, Jimmy." She turned to me with a "told you so" look.
"So, Jimmy, take a look at this thing."
Just as before, we all huddled over the papers on my desk. Jimmy didn't even try to hide his stare. His eyes were glued to Katherine's ample cleavage.
Oh no!Katherine thought.He...he's staring at...at my breasts! Not him, too! And...oh no! His pants! He...he...oh no!
I was pleasantly surprised at Jimmy's gawking and the stirring in his pants. And I was enjoying the concerned look on Katherine's face.
"Well, I think we've got what we needed here," I said as I stepped away from the drawings. "Don't you, Katherine?"
"Uh, yes. Yes, I believe so."
I turned to Jimmy. "Thanks for coming up, bud. We really appreciate it."
"Sure, Mr. Allen, no problem."
"Yes, thank you, Jimmy." Katherine held out her hand as if she were going to shake Jimmy's.Should I do it? Mark's proven his point. It...it wouldn't be fair if I exposed my breasts to the other three men and not Jimmy. Yes, that's it! In the spirit of fairness, I should expose my breastsshe thought, trying to ignore the fact that she was actually enjoying "accidentally" showing her tits to every man that walked into my office. She took a deep breath.
Jimmy's eyebrows nearly flew off his head. "Oh! Oh my gosh!" he shouted while he stared at the perfect mounds of flesh before him.
Katherine raised her hands to her cheeks in fake horror. "Oh my goodness!" She left them out for a slow count to five before she grabbed the top.
I held my hand out. "Hang on, hang on. Hang on a second there, Katherine?" Both heads turned to me.
"What?" Katherine asked with confusion.
I ignored Katherine and looked at Jimmy with a sly grin. "C'mon, man, have you ever seen a better set of tits than those?"
"Mark!" Katherine barked.
Jimmy studied them in disbelief. "Well, uh um, uh, no, I guess not."
Katherine and I said in unison, "You guess not?"
"Yeah! I mean, uh, no...no, I, uh, I've never seen a, uh, a finer..." he stammered.
"I thought not," I said. Hell, for all I knew, it was the only set of tits he'd ever seen up close and personal. "How would you like to touch 'em?" I asked with a wicked glint in my eye.
"WHAT?!" Katherine shrieked.
"Really? Can I?" Jimmy asked as if I had asked a 5-year-old if he wanted an extra scoop of ice scream.
"C'mon, Katherine. What's it gonna hurt?" I asked calmly.
She thought about it for a moment while Jimmy anxiously awaited her answer. "Well, I suppose it (gasp)..."
She gasped when Jimmy's long, thin fingers touched her hot skin. She closed her eyes and bit her lip while Jimmy softly caressed her golden globes.
"Don't forget her nipples. She loves to have her nipples pinched."
That bastard! He knows how sensitive my...oh!She squeaked when Jimmy tweaked an erect gumdrop, then the other.
Jimmy tenderly played with her tits while Katherine stood there with her arms straight at her side, doing her best not to have an orgasm right there on the spot.What is wrong with me? Why am I enjoying this so much?!
"Go ahead, lick one, Jimmy," I said, trying not to chuckle. Two heads snapped around.
"WHAT?!"
"Seriously?"
"Yeah, go ahead."
"Mark...oh!" Before she could put up any further protest, Jimmy's face was buried in her chest latched onto a tete. Her body shuddered while his tongue ran circles around her puffy areolas and massaged her fleshy mounds. She fought to keep her arms at her sides instead of running her fingers through his hair and pulling him tight. She could feel her juices running down the insides of her thighs. It wasn't long before she looked at me with pleading eyes. "Mark...please..." she moaned.
"Okay. C'mon dude, that's enough," I said with a crooked grin.
Jimmy pulled away and ran his forearm across his chin. "Wow," he sighed.
"Nice job, Jimmy. I think you almost made her cum." Their two heads snapped around at me with red faces, one from embarrassment and one from anger.
"He most certainly did not!" she screeched.
I chuckled. "Really? So you're not soaked right now?"
"(gasp) I most certainly am...am not!"
I laughed. "Ha! You're a liar. Prove it." Jimmy's eyes bounced back and forth while he watched the conversation develop.
"Prove it?! How I can I prove it?" she asked through a clenched jaw.
I nodded my head. "Come around here and I'll prove it." She thought about it for a second. Jimmy watched her tits jiggle when she walked past him and around the desk until she was in front of me glaring at me. I twirled my finger. 'Turn around." She hesitantly spun around until she was facing Jimmy again. "Now bend over," I growled.
Her heart stopped. "Mark...please..." she whispered pathetically.
"Nuh uh, I'm gonna show Jimmy what a lying bitch you are. Bend over!"
She grabbed the edge of the desk with one hand and slowly bent over until her other hand was resting on her knee and parted her legs. She nearly levitated off the floor when, in one smooth and quick motion, my hand ran up her thigh and two fingers ran the length of her slit. "Oh God!"
I pulled my hand out from under her dress and showed the glistening fingers to Jimmy, who's eyes were about to bug out of his head. "See? Look at that. Katherine, you aredrenched!" I said mocking her.
"No. No, it's not true," she said without conviction.
"You want me to fuck you right here in front of Jimmy, don't you? You're such a slut."
"No! No, it's not true."Yes! Please!
"Ha!" Jimmy looked like he was about to have a heart attack. "Jimmy, you look like you're about to explode. Want Katherine to give you a blow job?"
The top of his head exploded. "Wha-wha-wha-what?!"
"WHAT?!"
"Oh, c'mon, Katherine. Look what you've done to the poor guy." I looked at Jimmy. "Damn, dude, that looks uncomfortable as hell," motioning at his groin.
Jimmy's head bobbed from his aching bulge to my grinning face, then covered himself. "Uh, well, uh..."
"Katherine that's all your fault. C'mon, ask him if he wants' a blow job. That's the least you can do."
She was aching for cock. But this? She twisted her head and looked back at me over her shoulder. "Mark...please..." she whispered.
I glared back at her. "What are you waiting for? You know you want to, you cock hungry bitch."
She slowly dropped to her knees and looked into Jimmy's stunned face. "Jimmy...would you...would like for me to...orally please you?" she asked without conviction.
Jimmy couldn't breathe. "Huh?"
I lightly smacked her on the side of her head. "Nooooooo. Ask him right, like I taught you."
She flinched, then took a deep breath. Her body language began to change. "Jimmy..." Another deep breath. "Jimmy, would you like...would you like for me to give you a...a blow job?" He jumped when her hands began to run up his thighs.
"I...well, uh...I, uh..." His brain had stopped functioning.
She undid his buckle and began to unzip his pants. Stuck up Katherine had left the room. Slut Katherine was on her knees. "Jimmy, would you like...for me to suck your big, fat cock? Hmmmm? Would you like that?"
"I...well...uh...gah!" He shuddered when his less-than-average mast fell out of his tighty whities and her warm, soft hand wrapped around it.
"Mmmmmm, look at you," she purred while she stroked it. "Did this happen because you were looking at my tits, Jimmy?"
"Uh...well, uh...yeah, I guess..."
"Then this is all my fault. I'm so sorry. Let me see if I can fix it for you."
Jimmy's head flew back when she took him into his mouth. "Ah gah!"
She swallowed him whole without issue. She copied his attention to her nipples, rolling her tongue around his swollen head. Her head quickly began to bob in and out of his crotch, taking him into her throat with ease. Jimmy's hands went to the back of her head. Not so much as a show of dominance as an effort to maintain his balance.
I grinned at Jimmy's twisted face while I stroked myself in my chair. "She sucks dick like a pro, doesn't she?"
"I...I..." He couldn't formulate a sentence. Katherine only gurgled in response.
I couldn't stand it anymore. I stood up from my chair and told Jimmy to sit on the edge of my desk. I grabbed Katherine at her hips and lifted her off of her knees, leaving her bent at the waist while she continued to service Jimmy. She felt my presence and parted her legs.
Her face came out of Jimmy's lap and turned to look at me over her shoulder. "Oooooo, are you going to have intercourse with me using your huge member? Oh!" she yelped when I left a hand print on her heart-shaped ass.
She whimpered when I touched the tip of my tool to her swollen slit. "Noooooo, not that. Say it right or I won't make you cum," I hissed.
Her eyes grew wide at that thought. "Oh! Yes! Of course!" She took a deep breath. Her eyes turned to fuck-me eyes while I continued to tease her cock trap. "Mmmmmm, are you going to...going to fuck me? Hmmmm? Are you going to fuck me with that big...big, fat cock?" Her back arched and her head flew back when I rammed forward and sliced through her like a hot knife through butter. "Oh sweet Jesus!"
I grabbed her long blonde hair and pulled her head back. I leaned over her back and growled into her ear, "I'm gonna make you scream so loud the front lobby's going to hear you. Now suck that cock!"
"Oh Gaagggggfffff..." she sputtered when I shoved her head back into Jimmy's groin.
I yanked her head back and shoved it forward several times. "Suck that cock good, slut. Suck that cock good and hard!"
"Mmmmhmmmmffff! Mmmmhmmmmmfffgggg!"
"Jimmy, is she sucking your cock good and hard? Huh? Is this bitch giving you a good blow job?"
My rumble snapped him out of his shock coma. "Oh! Yes! Uh, yes, sir! Oh God yes!"
"Ha! Good. Now let's see if we can make her squeal."
I grabbed her hips tight and pulled my hips back. She barked when my thrust forward buried her nose into Jimmy's stomach. His balls slapped off her chin.
My office was quickly filled with moans, groans, cursing, and the sound of skin slapping skin. The cleaning crew was going to wonder why it smelled like sex and sex when they came in tonight.
It wasn't long before I could feel Katherine's muscles begin to tremble. Her thrusts into Jimmy became deeper and more deliberate. Her heart pounded. She felt the heat racing up her thighs.
I smiled at Jimmy's red face. "Look at this, Jimmy. The slut's about to cum! Ha ha ha! Isn't that right, slut?" CRACK! YELP!
Her head nodded. "Mmmmmmmmm! Mmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmmm!"
"Fuckin' slut! Her tight little cunt is clamping down on my cock like a vise grip," I grumbled.
"Mr...Mr...Mr. Allen! She...she...I think she's trying to suck my...my thing off!" Jimmy said, almost in a panic.
"Yeah, she's a good little cocksucker. Let's see if we can make this bitch scream." I reached around and under her. She jumped when I touched her angry clit. It was vibrating like a tuning fork. I pressed down on it. Hard.
Her head flew away from Jimmy like it was spring loaded. "Ohmagaaaawwwwd! Gahhhhhhh!" A stampede of thunder and lightning tore through her tiny body like a storm. Her body shook and her knees trembled. Every nerve ending felt like it was on fire. "Yes! Yes! Please don't' stop! Ohmagawd, yes!"
I grabbed the back of her head. "Who gave you permission to stop sucking cock?!"
Jimmy's pole disappearing into her moaning face. The muffled moans ticked his throbbing rod. He looked at me wide eyed. "Mr...Mr. Allen! I...I think I'm...oh geez!"
"You gonna cum? Good! Give this bitch a good protein injection! Hell yeah!"
His hands gripped the edge of my desk. His face ontorted. "Oh geez! Oh geez! I...I'm gonna...I'm gonna do it! Oh geez! Oh geez! Oh ggggaaaahhhhhh!"
The rush of thick jizz into her throat only elongated her orgasm. She sucked and gulped as hard as she could.So much ejaculate!she thought to herself.
"And don't you swallow a single fuckin' drop! You hear that?!" I demanded.
"Mmmmffff! Mmmmfffff!" she gurgled.
Her mouth soon overflowed. Streams of spunk and saliva slipped from the corners of her mouth and pooled at Jimmy's feet. Jimmy grunted with each involuntary punt of his hips into her face while I continued to assault her from behind.
Jimmy's hips finally slowed, as did Katherine's trembling. She groaned when I pulled out of her and she fell to her knees. Jimmy was panting like he'd just run a marathon. His white shirt was dotted with specks of sweat.
"Show him, Katherine. Go ahead and show him."
Jimmy watched intently as she lifted her head to face him. Her face was flushed. Her once perfectly coiffed hair was tousled. Jimmy's mouth opened just as Katherine's did, revealing a spiderweb of thick white goo. Her lips curled into a wicked grin and she gulped. Her eyes twinkled when she opened her mouth again, revealing a sexy red tongue.
"Mmmmmmm," she hummed, then ran a finger across her chin and scooped another helping between her lips.
"Wow," Jimmy panted.
I stood there smiling with my glistening tool bouncing. "Jimmy, take off your tie. Gimme your tie."
"Huh?" he asked. Katherine looked up at me confused also.
I motioned at him. "C'mon, dude, just gimme your tie." He quickly untied it, pulled it through his collar, and handed it to me. I grabbed Katherine's arm and lifted her onto her feet. "C'mon, Katherine, up you go. Okay, put your hands behind your back."
Her head snapped around. "What?!"
I grinned back at her. "C'mon, just do it," I said in a playful tone, hoping to calm her doubts.
She furrowed her brow and placed her hands behind her back. "What...what're you doing?" she asked as I wound the black tie around her wrists.
"Don't worry. It'll be fun," I said, fighting back a chuckle. I grabbed her hips and we shuffled back to my chair, where I sat down. She spread her legs apart and slid back over me while I pulled her back. I pulled on her hips. "C'mon, have a seat."
"Mark...please..."
"Please what? Now it's my turn."
"I...I'll...I'll finish you later. I promise."
"Nah, we're all here now. C'mon, have a seat." She squeaked when my swollen sword touched her puffy lips. I stopped her. "Nuh uh, not that one." I lifted her and adjusted her forward slightly until I scraped against her twitching rosebud.
"(gasp!) No...Mark...please..."
I grinned a wicked grin at Jimmy's mesmerized face. "What? You don't want me to fuck your ass?" His eyebrows raised and his eyes widened.
"No...Mark...please...Jimmy...Jimmy's right...(gasp)" My bulbous, slick head pressed against and then slipped into her back door. "Oh God...please...Mark...I....I..."
I held her in place. "You what?"
"I...I don't know if I...I can take it. Please. Jimmy...Jimmy's right th...OH GOD!" My head slipped through her sphincter and she landed in my lap.
We both just sat there for a moment. I looked at Jimmy. His jaw was slack. "Jesus Christ her ass is tight!"
"My...please...ohmagawd..." she said breathlessly. I jerked my hips and barely threw her into the air. "OH GOD!' she barked.
Her shoulders were pulled back with her arms tied behind her back, thrusting her incredible chest out. She grunted when I roughly grabbed both mounds. "Look at these fuckin' tits! Man, are they fuckin' awesome or what?"
Katherine's face was red. "Mark...please..."
"Well, uh...I...I..." Jimmy stuttered while his manhood was showing signs of life again already, the horny little bastard.
She squawked loudly when I threw her higher into the air twice. "Go ahead, Katherine. Tell him how you can't get enough of my cock. Tell him how you love my cock up your ass, how you're infatuated with it" I hissed into her ear.
She closed her eyes and looked away. "Mark...please...ahhhh!" She squealed when I tweaked her nipples.
"Tell him or, I swear to God, you'll never get it again," I snapped in her ear.
Jimmy watched intently while she turned her head to him. "It...it's true. I...I'm infatuated with...with Mr. Al...Mark's member," she whispered. "Gah!" she squealed when I tossed her high into the air, then yapped loudly when I pinched her hard nipples.
"Noooooo, that's not right. Now say it right."
She took a deep breath. "It's true. I...I'm infatuated with his...Mark's...cock. Yes, I'm infatuated with his cock," she said in a hushed tone.
"Tell him how you love it shoved up your ass. How you love getting fucked in the ass."
Another deep breath. I felt her muscles clench around my. Once again, snooty Katherine left the building. Slut Katherine was sitting my lap.
A wicked look crossed her face when she stared at Jimmy. "It's true. I love his big, fat cock in my ass. I love it when he fucks my ass. I dream about it. I can't stop thinking about...OH!" I threw her into the air until she almost flew off.
"Good girl," I whispered. "Time for you to get your reward." I nodded at Jimmy. "C'mere for a second." Katherine stopped breathing, then yapped when I slipped my fingers through her gash and tugged. I pulled her lips wide apart. Jimmy could see her soul if he looked hard enough. She nearly launched when I swiped my finger across her still vibrating button. "See this? See this right her? That's her clit. Ever seen one? Looks angry, doesn't it?"
Jimmy leaned in to get a closer look at the red knot. "Oh yeah, wow."
Katherine turned three shades of red. "Mark...please...this...this is so embarrassing," she begged.
I ignored her. "Have you ever eaten pussy? Have you ever gone down on a woman?"
"Uh, well, uh..."
"Then today's your lucky day!"
"Mark...please...ah!" She squirmed when I flicked her bean.
"I want you to flick your tongue at that thing. Lick it, flick it, suck it, whatever you want to do, which I fuck this sweet little ass. Okay?"
"Uh, yeah, sure, okay."
"Mark...please...OH GOD!" she squealed when Jimmy's face dove between her legs. Before she could take a breath his tongue was swatting at her kernel like a thirsty dog in the middle of summer. "OHMAGAWD!" she cried out when I threw her into the air and his nose raked across her button.
Soon, Jimmy and I had a nice rhythm going. His head bobbed with each thrust of my hips. The slap of her ass when it landed in my lap bounced off the walls in my office. I pawed and mauled her fleshy mounds while she flew through the air. Katherine was still twitching from her first orgasm. It didn't take long to send her into orbit a second time.
"Ohmagawd, yes! That's it! Ohmagawd, yes! Oh yes! Oh yes!"
"You're about to cum again, aren't you, slut?" I snarled while I bounced her in my lap.
"Yes! Yes! Ohmagawd, yes!"
"Beg us. Beg us to let you cum, slut, or we'll stop right now."
"No no! Please don't stop! Ohmagawd! Please! Make me cum! Ohmagawd! Please make me cum like a little slut!"
She grunted when I lifted my hips as high and as hard as I could. "Lick that fuckin' cunt, Jimmy! Smack that bitch hard with that tongue!"
Jimmy's head bobbed as she rose and fell. "Uh huh! Uh huh!"
Katherine's body began to tremble again. Her ass clamped down around my pole. "Ohmagawd! Yes! Yes! Yes! Gaaahhhhhhh!" Her head fell back into my chest while very muscle in her body spasmed almost uncontrollably.
"That's it! Cum! Show us how a little slut cums," I thundered in her ear.
"Yes! Yes! Ohmagawd, yes!"
After what felt like an hour to her, Katherine's body finally began to settle. Her moans quieted it. My thrusts slowed. Jimmy's face was still wedged between her legs.
"Oh my God," she panted. "Jimmy...Jimmy, please stop. Ohmagawd." With her arms tied behind her back, she couldn't push him away. She begged for his mercy.
Jimmy pulled back and stood up. His face was shiny with her juices. He straightened his glasses and ran his forearm across his face. I couldn't help but notice he was at full mast and ready for action again.
I smiled at him over her slumped shoulder. "Hey, Jimmy, how would you like to fuck Katherine?"
Her ass puckered around my meat and her body sat bolt upright. "What?!"
"What? Seriously?" Jimmy asked wide eyed.
I nodded. "Yeah, sure, why not? Looks like you're ready to fire. I know I haven't fired one off yet. Yeah, c'mon, you just satisfied her. Time for that pussy to satisfy you."
"Wait! No! I...I...I can't take anymore!"
"Oh, you're gonna take more," I rumbled in her ear.
The words sent a chill up her spine. "Oh God!" she sighed.
"Go ahead. Ask Jimmy to fuck your slutty little cunt. Tell him how hard you want him to fuck you."
"Mark...please...oh God!" she yelped when I tossed her into the air.
I hissed into her ear, "Do it." Jimmy watched intently for the next move.
She looked at the ground. "Jimmy...will...you please have...intercourse with..." She flew into the air. "Oh God!" I pinched her screaming nipples. "OH GOD!"
My lips were on her ear. "Do it."
She took a deep breath. Her gaze lifted from the floor to Jimmy's face. Her eyes narrowed. The corners of her lips curled up. "Jimmy...will you...will you please fuck me? Huh? Will you come fuck my slutty little pussy good and hard while Mark fucks my ass with his big, fat cock? Huh? Will do you that for me?" she purred.
"Uh...yeah. Yeah, sure!" Jimmy hopped between Katherine's legs and leaned in. He held his missile steady and touched it's tip to her puffy lips and looked into her face. "R-r-ready?"
She gave him a sexy, crooked grin. "Ready," she said breathlessly. "Oh God!" she squeled when he fell into her.
"Oh my gosh!" he hollered when he landed on her. He looked at me. "She...she...she's so tight!"
I grinned. "I know, right? Amazing how tight that slutty little cunt is considering how many times I've fucked it." I let that sink in. "Now fuck that shit!"
"OH!" she squealed at his first thrust. "Oh...my...God!" she cried out in time with each successive thrust.
I didn't have to do much work after that. Truth be told, I was tired and was about to fire off a shot anyway. The way Jimmy was going at her, his pounding was causing to slide up and down my pole as it was, which I was grateful for.
His face grimaced while he went about his task with a gusto. I reached around and squeezed her melons. "C'mon, Jimmy, don't forget about her tits!"
"Huh? Oh yeah, right!"
"Oh shit!" she cursed when he latched onto an aching nipple. "Oh God, yes! Fuck my slutty little pussy! Fuck my tight little ass, you fat cocked bastards!"
We pounded her holes for what felt like several glorious days. I knew I was getting close. Jimmy finally pulled his face out of Katherine's chest. His face was sweaty and beat red. His glasses were smeared and askew.
"Mr...Mr. Allen! I...I don't...don't know how muuuuuuch longer I...I...oh geez! I can laaaaast!"
"Me, too, bud. It's time to make this bitch our own personal cum dumpster!"
Both of her holes clamped down on us. "Ooooo yeah! Come on! Give it to me! I want it!"
I started to throw her into the air again. "Oh, you're gonna get it, you fucking cunt!"
"Oh geez! She...she...she's squeeeeezing me so hard! I...I...I'm gonna...I'm gonnaaaaaa...do...do it...again! Gahhhhhhhh!" His hips stuttered and his head flew back. She could feel his warm spunk spurting into her.
"Oh, yes! Oh yeah, Jimmy! Ooooo yeah!"
My body tensed. "I'm gonna cum in your slutty little ass, you fuckin' cunt!" I hissed.
"Yes! Yes! Cum...cum in my slutty little...little...oh God! Little ass!"
My fingers dug into her hips. "Gaaaafuck!"
She felt my hose throb in her ass. Each throb sent a fresh load of thick, hot jizz deep into her. She couldn't believe how much she loved that feeling.
All three bodies finally ceased moving. Jimmy pushed himself back. A thing string of white followed his purple tip when he pulled out until it snapped and fell across her thigh and the front of my chair. Katherine tried to lift herself up but I kept her planted in my lap. I wraped my legs around hers so Jimmy could watch his spunk fall out of her.
"You're such a fucking whore, Katherine. Letting Jimmy and I fuck you like that in my office.. Tsk tsk," I chuckled.
"Don't...don't talk like that," she panted.
"Ha! Okay, let's get you up," I said as I lifted her out of my lap. A stream of white immediately began to run down her thighs. She stood on wobbly legs. Her crumpled mini dress was gathered around her waist. She stood there, red faced, staring at my desk.
"I...I should probably, you know, get back to my desk," Jimmy muttered while he zipped himself back up. "Can...can I, uh, have, you know, my tie back?" His tie was still binding her wrists.
"Tell you what," I said, "how about I buy it off of you? I'll bring you some cash down later. That cool?"
He shrugged his shoulders. "Uh, yeah, sure, I guess."
I nudged Katherine with my elbow. "Go ahead, Katherine. Thank him for the good fuck."
She couldn't look at him. "Mark...please...don't..."
"Well, that's just fuckin' rude. He makes you cum twice and you can't thank him. What a fuckin' bitch."
"Mark...please...language," she sighed.
"Ha! Are you fucking kidding me?! You're standing there naked, with your hands tied and cum running down your legs, and you're worried about my language? Ha!"
Am...am I actually beginning to enjoy it when he talks like that? No! That's impossible!"OH!" she yiped when I slapped her on her bare ass.
"Go on. Thank him! Thank him for making you cum!"
She kept her head down. "Um...Jimmy...thank...thank you for...fucking me and allowing me to...to orga...cum. Thank you for fucking me so good and making me cum multiple times."
Jimmy couldn't believe his ears. "Uh...you're welcome? And, uh, thank you!" I love this job!
I pointed at him. "Now, Jimmy, what happens in this office, stays in this office. Right? If I hear anything about this...I swear to God. You be a good boy and maybe we'll do this again sometime." Katherine shuddered at the thought of the office finding out Jimmy had even fucked her, let alone fucking her in my office.'
"Oh! Yeah! Right! Of course! Sure thing, Mr. Allen!"
I nodded. "Good man."
"Okay. Well, uh, you guys have, you know, a good, uh, day," he said as he grabbed the door handle.
"Thanks! You, too, dude."
"Thank you," Katherine whispered.
"Will...will you please untie my hands?" she asked softly, turning her back to me and raising her arms.
"Sure, here ya go."
She rubbed her wrists. "Was...was that necessary?" she asked meekly.
"Who cares. You enjoyed it."
"No...no I didn't," she said, still looking at the floor.
"Ha! You're such a fucking liar! We made you cum twice! Jesus!"
She flinched at the words.It's true."Mark...please..." She began to rearrange her dress. "I...I should go. I need to...to go to the ladies room and...and clean up."
I grabbed her red wrist. "The fuck you are."
She looked at me for the first time in quite a while. "What?! What's that supposed to me?"
"You look sexy as fuck right now. I think you stay like this the rest of the day."
She was horrified. "WHAT?! I can't possibly do that! I mean...look at me!" She waved her hands across her body.
"I am looking at you. I like it!"
"Oh my God!" she screeched. "My hair...my make up..."
I pulled a mirror out of a desk drawer and slid a box of tissues at her. "There ya go."
She looked at the items on the desk then back at me. "Mark...please..."
"I swear to God, if I come to your office and you don't look exactly the way you do when you leave this office, you'll never see my cock again." That was a lie. All she'd have to do is even hint at it and she'd have it. But she didn't know that.
She couldn't bear the thought of not being fucked by me again. "You're...you're so mean," she said as she snapped a couple of tissues from the box and dabbed them on her face. Why does that arouse me so?!
I shrugged my shoulders and tucked myself back in. "Yeah, well."
I sat and watched her clean her face and fluff her hair. She pulled out one tissue after the other wiping as much of the sweat and sex off of her as possible until the box was empty.
"May I have some more, please?"
"That's it. That's all I've got."
"But...but what about, you know, this?!" She motioned towards the rivers of white running down her thighs.
I shrugged. "I guess everyone will know just what a slutty little cunt you are."
Her mouth flew open. "(GASP!) Mark! Please!"
I thought about it.Do I torture her? Or do I cut her some slack? Oh, what the hell. I just fucked her ass, I'm in a good mood."Okay, fine. Go to the bathroom and wipe it off." I pointed at her. "But you owe me."
"Thank you! Thank you, Mark! Yes, I owe you."
Dumb bitch."Oh! Hey, before you go. Put this on." I tossed the black tie at her.
She caught it against her chest and held it out. "Put it on?!"
"Yeah, put it on."
"What?! But...but...it doesn't go with this dress at all!"
"Tell people you're making a fashion statement." I paused. "And every time you feel it around your neck, think about how it felt wrapped around your wrists with two cocks buried inside you."
"(GASP!) Mark! Please!"
"Yeah, yeah, whatever. Just put it on." She hesitantly wrapped it around her neck, flipped the material around several times until a tidy knot was formed, and slid the knot up and down until she was comfortable with it just above her sternum. I nodded my head. "Very nice." It stood out like a sore thumb, almost like a scarlet letter.
Just as she grabbed the door handle, I said, "So, what did we learn here today?"
She turned with a confused look. "Excuse me?"
"What did we learn here today?"
"I don't know what you mean."
"I told you that Ididn'thave an infatuation with your ti...breasts. Well, not any more than any other man. And I also told you that you were the one with the infatuation. I think I've proven both points. Wouldn't you agree?"
Oh my God! He's right!Her face turned bright red and she lowered her head. "Yes. Yes, I believe you've proven your point."
"And what point is that again? I want to hear you say it."
She took a breath. "That I was wrong. that you do not have an infatuation with my breasts. And that I...I am infatuated with men's members, especially yours."
"Men's what? My what?"
She paused. "Men'scocks. Yourcock. I'm infatuated with men's cocks, especially your cock," she murmured.It's true.
"Right. So, I guess the next question is, would you like to continue the program? I'll be happy to continue to help you through it if you'd like."
Her head snapped up. Her eyes were wide. "Oh! Yes!" Too enthusiastic! "I mean, (ahem) yes, if you would be interested in walking me through the remainder of the program so that I can rid myself of this affliction, I would appreciate it."But what if I don't want to rid myself of it?!
I nodded. "Absolutely. I'd be happy to do that."I'll be happy to fuck you every day if that's what it takes!
"Yes. Wonderful. Thank you. Well, I should probably get back to my office before people start looking for me."
"Absolutely! Thanks for stopping by so we could hash this thing out." And letting us fuck your brains out!
"My pleasure."Yes it was!"Please let me know what the next step is so I can get back on track with me recovery."And I can have that big, beautiful cock...(gasp!)
I smiled. "Will do."Fucking slut.
As she hustled down the hallway towards the restrooms, she couldn't shake her self consciousness about her untidy appearance.They're going to know! One look at me and they'll know I've had intercourse!The tie felt coarse around her neck. She adjusted it and twisted it as she walked.Oh my God! He's right! I can't think about anything but the intercourse we just had when I focus on how it feels! Oh my God!She felt her loins grow warm.
I leaned back in my chair, quite satisfied with how things went today.Hmmmmmm...what should the next step in "the program" be? Hmmmmmm.I laughed out loud. "Ha! I know! Oh shit! This is going to be epic!"