"And the Sales Person of the Year is Eric Thomas." Announces the CEO, as he stands at the podium at the Annual Company Kickoff Meeting. Eric jogs up to the stage, shakes the hand of the CEO and takes a moment to pose for a picture.
Ellen leans in to me and says, "Eric is so full of himself. When did he get so cocky?"
"I don't know but he is getting hard to be around lately." I replied. I have been friends with Eric for about six years. We met through mutual friends and quickly became good friends. I actually got him his job here. We have a lot of common interests and Eric confides in me often, mostly about his exhibitionist fantasies - like in the first part of this story. He likes to show off his body. But all in all, Eric is an ok guy.
A few months ago, Eric asked me to arrange a party where he would be naked, blindfolded and "perform" for the ladies at the party. He asked me to invite some of my female friends and girls in my night class. He thought that type of audience would be perfect as he didn't know them and they didn't know him. Although I didn't invite those ladies- instead - I invited 3 ladies from work and 2 mutual girl friends to watch his show. To this day, he still doesn't know that 3 women in the office saw him completely naked and watched him jerk off.
"Maybe we need to knock him down a few pegs!" declared Ellen. Ellen did not like Eric.
She thought he was a self-absorbed jerk who talked down to women. I think many women in the office felt that way.
"What did you have in mind?" I asked with a small grin on my face knowing how conniving Ellen is. Ellen is a friend of mine but I wouldn't want to be on her bad side. She makes life miserable for people who cross her. She has been working in the same position for 10 years now. She keeps getting overlooked for management jobs as they promote the men ahead of her. She seems to have a chip on her shoulder.
We both thought for a few moments. Then I said "Remember that time we tricked him and you all saw him naked. What if we told him who was in the room when he jerked off? He would be embarrassed to know it was you."
Ellen smiled and added, "Yes that would be good but he would only be embarrassed for a short time. It would be better if we could witness his humiliation. What if we reenacted the party and had even more ladies he knew in the room? Then we take off his blindfold."
"That would be too cruel. I don't want to humiliate him. What if we had him walk into a room wearing only his underwear? We will have him blindfolded, walk him in the room in his underwear and then take off the blindfold to show him who is in the room. That would be funny." I said.
Ellen wasn't thrilled with my idea but she played along. We constructed a plan and I approached Eric later that night. "Hey Eric, Congratulations. It's a great honor to be sales person of the year. I know you worked hard."
"Thanks, Josh." replied Eric. "I appreciate all your help and support getting me this job."
"Hey, on a side note, some ladies from my MBA class have been asking me if you are going to do a repeat performance any time soon? I know you have mentioned it a couple of times. You want me to organize something for you?" I asked Eric.
"Wow, really? They asked about me? That would be so awesome." answered Eric, excitedly.
"Ok, let me see what I can do and I will let you know." I replied.
Eric got a huge smile on his face and walked away. Ellen came up to me and asked if he was interested. I said yes and she said she has a lot of ladies interested. I thought to myself, who wouldn't be interested in seeing Eric. He is a good looking guy with a great body. He is very cocky but I think some ladies like his confidence.
Later that night, I caught up to Eric and told him I spoke to the ladies in my MBA class and they are all available tomorrow night.
"Tomorrow night might be difficult. We have department meetings until 5:30." replied Eric. "Then a bunch of people are going out to dinner and drinks."
"Well, I was thinking we could do it in my hotel room." I answered. "The company got me a hotel room since I'm in charge of all the meetings and banquet. I have to stay tomorrow night because of the Company Banquet. You can come to my hotel room, get naked, do your thing, and you can still meet everyone out for dinner. We will start right after the department meetings."
"OK, I think that will work." Eric said.
"Ok, come to room 118 around 6:00." I said. "Sound good?"
"Sounds perfect." Eric replied. "Thanks Josh!"
I looked at Ellen and winked acknowledging our plan is working.
The next day was packed with team building exercises and division meetings. I didn't have time to think about our plan. Ellen must have been bored in her meetings as she kept texting me about new ladies who were joining us for the show. I started to wonder if too many people were involved. This could become overwhelming.
Exactly at 6:00, there was a knock on my hotel room door. It was Eric and he was looking a little nervous. He walked into my hotel room, looked around and asked where everyone was. I explained this was a suite and everyone is in the adjoining room. I instructed him to get undressed here and I would blindfold him and take him next door. Eric agreed and starting to get undressed. I told him it would be more of a tease to keep his underwear on when he enters the room so he did. Before I put the blindfold in place, I put earplugs in his ears so he couldn't hear anything. Eric didn't object, his mind was elsewhere at this point. I tied the blindfold in place and made sure Eric could not see or hear anything.
I texted Ellen that we were ready and she immediately texted back that they were too. I grabbed Eric by the arm and guided him towards the door. It was not the door to the adjoining room, but the door to the hallway that leads to the hotel meeting room I reserved. I made a quick peak to make sure there was no one in the hallway. I grabbed Eric's arm and pulled him forward through the door. Luckily my hotel room was close to the meeting room where everyone was waiting.
Ellen opened the meeting room door so I could continue to guide Eric from behind. As we stepped into the meeting room, I could not believe how many people were in there. The meeting room was probably 20' x 40' with a large conference table in the middle, with large executive style chairs. All the chairs were filled and many more people were lined up against the walls, all facing the front area. In my quick approximation, there were 20 women, ages ranging from younger 20's to late 40's. I looked around the room and there were people from marketing, account management, sales, communications, and accounting.
Luckily Eric couldn't hear anything because the room erupted in laughter as Eric walked in, almost naked except for black boxer briefs. I positioned Eric in the front of the room so everyone had a good view. I gazed at the crowd and many covered their mouths to stop their laughter. Many spectators have their cell phones out taking pictures.
The truth is, Eric looks good. Eric had classic good looks, dark wavy hair and green eyes. He could have been a model. He doesn't have a girlfriend currently but never has trouble getting a date. His 28 year old body was fit, thin waist where you could see his abs muscles. He has a muscular chest, broad shoulders and nice big arms. He didn't have much body hair, only some hair from his navel to the top of his underwear.
I asked Ellen if we should remove his blindfold now and she shook her head no. I didn't know what else she was going to do so I stepped back. She hushed the crowd to get their attention. She then announced that we will remove Eric's underwear now. There were some shrieks and nervous laughter from the mass of people in anticipation. I was shocked as that was not what we planned.
"No, Ellen. That is NOT what we discussed and this is as far as it goes!" I challenged. "It would not be fair to have him naked in front of the entire company. It stops here! This will embarrass him enough."
Ellen glared at me and said she is running this show and she wants to totally humiliate Eric. She thinks Eric deserves it. She told me to step away or she will tell Senior Management that it was me who booked the meeting room for this type of activity. As I said, I am slightly scared of Ellen so I stepped back.
Ellen commanded the attention of the fans again. "As I said, it is time for the unveiling!" Kate, Eric's sales assistant, went behind Eric to do the honors of removing his last stitch of clothing. Eric was breathing hard and his hands were shaking slightly. Ellen lifted Eric's arms and placed both hands on top of his head. His breathing became deeper as he knew the removal of his underwear was about to happen. He took a huge gulp, trying to swallow as his throat must be dry. I looked at Kate, who was down on one knee, her face even with Eric's butt. She was staring intently at the shape of his butt. Kate was then commanded to strip her boss. She shook her head, awaking her from her trance, and was ready to remove his last piece of dignity.
Kate pushed back her long blonde hair and then put her fingers in the waistband of his boxer briefs, positioning them evenly on each hip. Eric jumped slightly at her touch. He started breathing through his mouth with deep long breaths. He licked his lips a few times as they must have been dry. She slowly started to pull down his boxers. You could see Eric's pubic hair come into view, they were dark like the hair on his head. His tan line became more prominent showing the whiteness of his skin around his hip and below his navel. She then gave a quick jerk down on his boxer briefs and then his whole cock sprung up, being released from the confinement of his underwear. He wasn't completely aroused yet but definitely was already starting to get excited. I turned to see the reaction of the audience.
There were more squeals and laughter as the crowd is viewing their colleague completely naked. With his hands on his head, everyone had an unobstructed view of his unclothed body. Some ladies turned their heads, some ladies laughed and some just stared. There was a lot of commotion and whispering going on among the onlookers. I was afraid that Eric would be able to hear the noise but he never changed expression. People had their cell phones out, taking pictures. Eric stood motionless, like a statue, not knowing what to do. He continued to breath heavy and he swayed back and forth from one foot to the other with nervous energy.
With the removal of his underwear, you can see Eric has that muscle that starts at the hip and goes down towards the groin area, only muscular ripped guys have that. He doesn't have much pubic hair either as he must trim. He has a nice size circumcised dick. Eric claims it is 7" long and that is probably accurate. His balls are hanging low right now. He has big muscular quads, with not much hair on them.
Eric continues to breathe hard through his mouth, waiting for whatever will happen to him next. I feel bad for Eric. Eric thinks he is in the middle of a hotel room with a few ladies from my night class, people he doesn't know and don't know him. If Eric only knew he was standing naked in front of most of his coworkers, he would be humiliated. Luckily he will never find out, just like at the last party. He will remain blindfolded so he will never see the faces of the audience.
Ellen feels it is time for the gawkers to see Eric's ass. She stands in front of Eric, places her hands on his shoulders and guides him so his back is now towards the room. Another round of commotion busts out as everyone gets a full view of Eric's round derriere. The women are starting to get rowdy and making obscene comments. Some women moved closer to the front to get better pictures of the naked boy. Eric is very athletic and is a runner so he has big legs and a round muscular smooth butt. He has a muscular back that makes his body have that nice "V shape".
Kate, Eric's assistant, is still on one knee. She was admiring Eric's butt close up and now is face to face with his semi erect cock. Her face is inches from his penis. She is in a trance as she doesn't realize her associates are making fun of her from the audience. Danielle, who is an Account Manager and also works closely with Eric, yells to Kate to grab it. Kate finally hears Danielle and looks at the rest of the audience who is mocking her.
Kate decides to take their advice and grabs Eric's cock. With the force of her grab, Eric jumps and the audience erupts in laughter. Eric stumbles around a bit after being startled but now starts to enjoy the stroking. Ellen motions Kate to stop momentarily and grabs Eric's shoulders and move him around 180 degrees so he is again facing the audience. Still standing behind him, Kate reaches around Eric to again grab his dick. She strokes his cock and plays with his balls. Kate also is rubbing her breasts against Eric's back. With all the attention, Eric is rock hard now. Kate moves her hands up his body, caressing his abs and feeling the definition of his chest muscles. His dick is sticking straight out, slightly pointing to the ceiling. There are more and more pictures being taken of the naked guy in a room full of clothed coworkers.
Eric leans his head back, trying to catch his breath. You can see his stomach expand as he breathes. Ellen stands there with a smug look on her face, taking pride in herself that her plan worked. Her jet black hair is tussled and covers one side of her face. Ellen looks down slightly through her glasses that rest on the tip of her nose. Ironic that she is looking down at Eric, the same way she said that Eric looks down at women.
Ellen wants to get more people to participate. "Anyone else like to come up and see Eric close up?" she announces. Emma, the young receptionist and Tracy, an Account Manager came to front to ogle and touch Eric. Emma is a cute little blonde, probably around 23 years old, very small thin frame. She is around 5-3 but looks like a small person next to Eric's big muscular body. Tracy is a bit older, in her 30's. She too is very attractive, straight strawberry blondish hair, with a nice shaped body - she is into cross fit training.
With the urging of their coworkers, the 3 ladies are exploring Eric's entire body. Kate is behind Eric rubbing his ass and legs, Emma is to Eric's left caressing his abs and chest - grabbing his pecs and teasing his nipples and every once in a while feeling his rock hard cock. Each time she touches his cock, she giggles like an innocent school girl. Tracy feels Eric's shoulder and biceps. Eric has that perfect shoulder muscle that "V" into his big biceps. Tracy and Emma stop and pose as their comrades come forward to take pictures of the girls next to the naked boy. Then the 3 girls get down on their knees and simulate oral sex as Martha from Accounting gets a close up picture of Eric's erect dick.
Eric loves the attention but whispers to the ladies to slow down. The ladies stop giving so much stimulation to Eric's member and turn Eric around so they can play with his ass.
The girls begin to squeeze and rub Eric's butt. Eric lifts his arms over his head to give the girls more room. All 3 girls fight for position to get a good look and feel of his butt. Kate caresses his bottom in a round circular motion, highlighting the exact shape of his ass.
Mary, from the communications department yells out to "spank him!!" Emma, who is normally quiet and conservative, was the first to take a nice slap to the right cheek of Eric's ass. The group howled in laughter as Eric's body jumped to the hard smack from Emma. Tracy joined in the smack the left cheek making both of Eric's butt cheeks red. The spectators urge the ladies to continue on with applause and crude suggestions.
Stephanie, from marketing, brings Tracy a chair. Tracy takes a seat and the two other women push down on Eric's shoulder to get him to lie across Tracy's lap. He finally understands what they want him to do and positions himself accordingly. Eric is now laying across Tracy's lap with his ass prominently on display. Andrea from sales, who is Eric's teammate, races up to the front to get a picture of this ridiculous position. She takes one picture of Tracy with her hand on Eric's ass and then she positions herself near Eric's feet and takes a close up picture of Eric's full butt. Tracy gives his ass a few hard smacks, each smack causing Eric to jump. After a few good whacks, Eric's butt cheeks are nice and red which makes the audience squeal in delight and take more pictures and videos.
The spanking has stopped and they place Eric again front and center of the meeting room. Kate, Tracy, and Emma slide over to the right, joining the audience. Eric is unsteady on his feet, still breathing hard, trying to get his balance. He reaches around and rubs his butt cheek to help stop the stinging. He gains his composure and stand upright, waiting for whatever happens next. Although not even I was ready for what happens next.
Ellen tells everyone to be quiet and walks up to the side of Eric. She reaches up and starts moving the blindfold. My heart stops and my stomach gets queasy thinking she was taking the blindfold off but she only takes out one of the earplugs. I had no idea what she was up to but I was afraid Eric was going to recognize voices in the crowd now. I turned and hushed everyone not to talk or laugh.
Ellen, in a deep authoritative voice, asks Eric if he is ready to perform for everyone? Eric lets out a deep exhale and nods his head yes. He tried to say the word "yes" but nothing came out. I watch his hands as they begin to quiver. He brings his right hand from his side and grabs a hold of his rock hard member and starts stroking very slowly. There are some snickers and giggles from the gallery. Eric's head turns slightly to the left, trying to get a clearer listen to the noise. I feared he recognized the noises but he didn't stop. He continued to slowly stroke his 7" hard cock. The head of Eric's cock was deep purple and his cock was rock hard.
Ellen instructs Eric to stop for a moment. Eric releases his grip on his tool. Ellen walks behind Eric, grabs each wrist and ties his hands together behind his back with a scarf. This forces Eric to stand up straight and rotate his shoulders back thus making his dick stick straight up in clear view. More and more pictures are taken of the tied-up naked boy.
Then the surreal night took a terrible turn that I definitely did not want to happen. Ellen says in a seductive voice, "Do you want to see who is watching you? Do you want to see who is admiring your naked body? Do you want to look into the ladies' eyes as you put on a show for them?" My heart sank and I immediately jumped to Eric's side and said "No! Eric keep your blindfold on!"
Eric's breathing became more rapid as he contemplates taking off his blindfold. He said he wanted to take it off at the first gathering. He wanted to see the girls as they watched him. He thought it would be so exciting to be center stage with all eyes on him. I was afraid he was going to decide to remove it this time. I said again "Eric keep your blindfold on!"
"This is not what we discussed!" I said under my breath, as I sneered at Ellen. Ellen gave me a dirty look and waved her hand at me as to dismiss me. For the third time I told Eric to keep the blindfold on. I stood there with a sick feeling in my stomach. How this night has turned out worse than I had originally thought it would. The gawkers were getting restless in their seats. They were waiting for something bigger to happen. Did they want him to remove the blindfold so they could laugh in his face?
I watched Eric's body language. He was fidgety as he is shifting his feet and wiggling his fingers behind his back. His chest had blotches of redness and his nipples were erect. His erection was still strong as his manhood pointed to the ceiling in a 45 degree angle.
"Yes, take off the blindfold." Commands Eric as his voice cracked slightly. Not only are they the first words he has said all night but they are words I wished he didn't say. I really didn't think this plan through. He is going to be humiliated. He is never going to be able to work with these people again. He will probably quit. I was involved in the trick that got our top salesperson to leave the company. What was I thinking? I feel like I am going to throw up.
Ellen had the most devious smile on her face. There was a lot of excitement in the room as his colleagues had their phones out ready to take a picture. There will always be pictures of when Eric realized he was naked and hard in front of 20 female coworkers. Ellen went around to the back to loosen the blindfold. She fiddled with it and you could see the blindfold start to move. Then the blindfold fell to the ground.
Eric blinked his eyes a few times trying to adjust to the bright lights after being in a blindfold for the past 20 minutes. He continued to squint and blink and then the group all started to clap and laugh. Ellen stepped in front of Eric and said "Hi Eric." Eric's face became very solemn. He stared straight ahead, wide-eyed like he had seen a ghost. He looked over Ellen's shoulders to see the rest of the crowd. The realization that he is face to face with his coworkers as he is standing completely buck naked with a hard on for them all to see.
He didn't know what to do. He could do much with his hands tied behind his back. His first reaction was to bend at the waist to block their view with his torso. I thought to myself, "What is the point of covering yourself up now when you have been on center stage naked for so long already." The mass continued to jeer Eric with whistles and cat calls. He looked around but there was nowhere to go, nothing to hide behind. Eric was stuck, he had to stand there and look into the eyes of his teammates as he was on full display. You could see his cheeks turn red. He just continued to stare into the group and see all his female coworkers staring at his body. He watched everyone taking pictures of him. He knew the pictures would be seen by every person in the office.
Ellen continued to disgrace and ridicule Eric. She looked into the crowd, watching their enjoyment of seeing the naked boy humiliated and turning to see the look of pure horror on Eric's face. She was in heaven as this is exactly what she wanted. She wanted to witness his humiliation. Ellen finally stopped laughing and shouted to Eric, "You have been naked in front of us for the past 20 minutes. We have seen every inch of your body and I do mean EVERY INCH." The ladies burst out into laughter again. Ellen was playing the "ring leader" as she wanted to keep the office mates laughing and cheering at Eric's predicament.
Eric's face was somber. He had been defeated by Ellen, humiliated in front of the entire company he works for. He was playing in his head all the activities that have taken place since I walked him into this room. He thought about who was touching him, stroking him. He recalled the spanking and how his ass was sticking in the air in an embarrassing position. Who spanked him? How shameful he felt being degraded like that in front of everyone. He was a "rising star" in the company and now he has shamed himself. He thought about stroking himself and everyone watching including women that were old enough to be his mother. Why would his colleagues do this to him? He stared off into space re-living what his coworkers have witnessed.
Ellen started her rampage against Eric again. She saw how humiliated he was yet she just kept shouting degrading comments. "Yep, we have seen everything. Don't get mad Mr. Salesman of the Year. We don't want to have to spank your bare ass again!!" The ladies in the audience roared in amusement that they witnessed a male colleague get disgraced in public. Eric's face went from mortified to angry.
"Ok, you have all had your fun now." said the enraged Eric. "Let me go."
"But Eric, you wanted to perform for us." said Ellen in a demeaning voice. "Your audience wants to see a show. You are still hard so you must be enjoying this." Because of this comment by Ellen, Eric realizes that everyone must know of his fantasy to be naked and watched. He shame continues.
"No, the party is over." Demanded Eric, as his voiced cracked as he said it. Eric looked out into the group of office mates who continued to take pictures. There was nothing he could do to stop this. "Untie me! Where are my clothes?"
"The party is NOT over, not until I say it is!" barked Ellen. "Now, you will give us what we came here to see. If you don't, we will go to human resources saying you came into our meeting totally naked and started jerking off. You will be fired immediately. If you continue, nothing will ever be said about it again. We have already seen you completely naked so what's the big deal? But, you choose."
Eric's knew he had been defeated. He couldn't win, no matter what he did. He has been humiliated and the shame will continue. He is being forced to masturbate in front of his entire office staff. Eric was stoned-faced, emotionless, somber. He was going through all the possible options in his head but there was no way of getting out of this.
"Well, what is it going to be, Eric?" asked Ellen. Eric continued to look around the room filled with women colleagues. The women were still whispering to each, giggling. All eyes were still focused on the naked body of Eric. He stood motionless. For the first time, his strong erection has started to subside, no longer pointing up but now hanging downward at about a 45 degree angle.
Eric took a big gulp and told Ellen to untie him. The audience cheered Eric as they were all going to get the show they wanted. They were going to see the "high and mighty" Sales Executive masturbate in front of them. The ladies re-arranged themselves in their seats, and got their cell phones ready. I couldn't believe this was happening. It was surreal.
Ellen untied Eric and Eric turned his back to the audience, giving them once again a full clear view of his ass. The anxious crowd started clapping and cheering realizing that Eric is going to continue. I wasn't sure what he was doing. He was again breathing hard through his mouth. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back slightly as he took some deep breathes. I looked down and he started stroking himself to get hard.
Eric turned around to face the mass. He looked down so he wouldn't make eye contact with anyone. He started rubbing his chest and abs with one hand as he stroked his cock with the other. The ladies watched Eric intently as he stroked his cock to another full rock hard erection. This whole night puzzled me. I don't understand why the ladies, his coworkers, want to see Eric this way. Was it to have power over him now? Was it to humiliate him? Was it to get revenge on what they viewed as a male chauvinist? And I have no idea what is wrong with Ellen. She really surprised me how ruthless she can be.
Eric would look up every once in a while but would look back down again. His cheeks were flushed with overwhelming feeling of shame. He watched as his coworkers continued to take pictures and video of his stroking his member. They would surely show everyone in the office and all of their friends. What if his friends or family somehow saw these pictures? He would truly be disgraced.
Ladies were mesmerized by the performance. They watched Eric's stomach muscles contract as he breathed heavily. His chest and arm muscles were tight as he had a tight grip on his dick. His muscles glistened as he was perspiring from the hot lights. The younger girls in the office, especially Kate his assistant, didn't hold back. They stood and cheered and watched intently. Some of the older women were sitting down and would turn their head away occasionally but always turned back so they wouldn't miss anything.
Eric was close to ejaculating. His motion quickened and his body tensed up. He was taking big breaths and started to moan. He started his orgasm by shooting his first rope of cum straight out in front of him. He let out a loud moan, in between his deep breaths. The women cheered as they are witnessing Eric cumming in front of them. The next few wads of cum flew in all different direction as his hand pumped his cock erratically. Camera flashes lit up the room as everyone was taking pictures of the big moment. He continued to spray semen everywhere while trying to catch his breath, moaning loudly.
Eric momentarily looked into the crowd. Ladies from all different departments of his company are watching him masturbate, his hard dick in his hands, and cum all over the floor. There are ladies that are in senior positions with the company, there are ladies that are his peers, and there are many girls that report to him. How is he going to face these people again? How can he be respected by women who just witness this? Has he just ruined his career with this company?
Ellen threw a hotel hand towel to Eric and told him to clean up the floor. Now that the main attraction was over, the audience members started to mingle and talk amongst their selves, obviously talking about what they just witnessed.
Eric stood up after cleaning up the mess on the floor. Kate and two of her friends came up and stood close to Eric to talk to him. Eric was still naked and still semi-erect. The girls surrounded him so he couldn't leave. Eric looked around for his clothes or something to cover up with. He put his hands over his cock to block the three girls' view. Did they block him on purpose? Did the girls want to embarrass their boss more by standing so close to him?
The girls must have been complimenting Eric on his body as they were caressing his arms, chest and abs. I saw a few ladies continue to take pictures. What a great pic - one naked male talking to three clothed females.
I stood in the corner just watched everyone. Everybody was talking and smiling. I guess they all enjoyed what they just saw. I guess they knew what they were going to see when they agreed to join. Many coworkers stopped by to say good bye to Eric before they left. Were they being courteous or did they just want an up close look at the naked boy. Did they just want to humiliate him a little more. Some would touch him while they spoke to him, mostly on the arm or back but some would give his ass a nice pat or squeeze.
Eric squeezed by the girls and came over to me and asked where he clothes are. I said they are in my room across the hall. I explained to Eric that the plan was only to have everyone see him in his underwear but Ellen did the rest. He gave a half smile like he didn't care. Eric looked so dejected. His head was down and his entire face was now red. I can't even begin to imagine how humiliated he is. I felt guilty to what happened to him tonight.
Eric came into work the next day expecting the worst. Instead, everyone acted like it never happened. It was business as usual and no one said anything or made any type of derogatory comment to Eric. Maybe they were afraid Eric would go to HR and complain of harassment. Maybe it would humble Eric and he wouldn't talk down to women. Maybe they got exactly what they wanted and Eric got what he deserved.
There were times that Eric walked by someone's office or into the lunch room and women were gathered around looking at pictures on someone's iPhone. They would stop when he walked in so he was sure they were looking at pictures of him. I know that the women showed the pictures and videos to everyone in the office and to their friends. Eric knew the same things - that every female in the company, and even some men, has seen the pictures.
Once I explained to Eric what my intentions were, he was not made at me. You would think after everything that happened, his fantasies would diminish but they didn't. He continued to tell me about his exhibitionist side.
Some people never learn.