She was sat in that same spot again on the train. Every morning she sat there -- towards the back of the carriage away from everyone else. He had hunted his prey for a while now and knew all her movements, knew her name. Knew everything about her -- including the fact that today she wasn't wearing any panties.
He moved to sit down opposite her. He smiled at her and she smiled politely back at him. Grabbing his phone he started chatting.
"Hey Babygirl... Did you do as I asked you and not wear panties this morning?"
"Hey Daddy. Yes I did... If feels so naughty sat here with no panties on. There is this guy sat opposite and he can't even tell how naughty I am being."
Nick grinned to himself. He had been chatting to Laura for a few weeks and enjoying himself teasing her whilst she still didn't know what he looked like. He was intending on telling her this morning on the train but found his naughty side wanted some fun first.
"How quiet is the train gorgeous?"
"It's really quiet today Daddy. There is me, this guy and some couple down the other end of the train."
"And the guy chose next to you? He obviously has good taste."
Nick glanced out the window, trying to hide his smile as he watched her shifting on the seat. Her short skirt was barely covering the tops of her thighs -- something else that he had told her to wear this morning.
"Daddy! You know I only want you... Do I get to see what you look like today?"
"Yes you do Babygirl... If you can complete one challenge for Daddy."
"Oooooh a challenge... what do I need to do today Daddy?"
"I want you to tease, flash and give that guy a nice show."
Nick grinned as he watched Laura start to blush crimson. He kept his gaze out of the window as she glanced at him, biting her lip as she tried to decide if she should obey her Daddy so she could finally see his face. If only she knew! Nick slowly looked at her and she met his gaze with a wicked smile on her lips. Guess she had made her decision.
"What shall I do Daddy? Shall I let this stranger get a good look at my pussy?"
"Go for it my beautiful little slut."
As she looked up from her phone Nick was still staring at her and she uncrossed her legs -- keeping eye contact with him as she slowly slid her skirt slightly higher. Looking down he watched in pleasure as she spread her legs wide. Her gorgeous pussy lips spread slightly apart -- showing how wet she was with everything that is going on. She slowly stroked her fingers up and down her slit as he watched then closed her legs pulling her skirt back down.
"Daddy... He couldn't take his eyes off your pussy and I can see he is getting hard. He looks like he is quite big."
"Mmmmmm I bet he wants to play and tease your pussy... Do you want to see Daddy's face? Do you want to finally meet Daddy today?"
"God yes Daddy... I'm so horny... What do I have to do to meet you today?"
"Cum for that stranger opposite."
"Oh God Daddy that's so naughty... I'm not sure I can do that..."
"Do it Babygirl and Daddy will give you the fucking of your life today."
Nick was finding it hard to keep up the pretence now as he watched her spread her legs wide. Her skirt pulled up. Her dark hair flowed around her shoulders, full breasts heaving as she breathed deeply. Her long legs were stretched out in front of her as she looked over his shoulder nervously before reaching down with both hands to spread her pussy.
This was so incredibly hot and he loved every second as she teased her wet slit for him. He watched her fingers dipping inside, circling her clit as she masturbated openly for him. He watched her head fall back, watched her body trembling as she edged herself closer and closer to an orgasm.
"Oh God..." The whispered exclamation escaped her lips as she sat up and looked straight at Nick, her legs tightened and slammed together round her fingers as she came. Shaking as she tried to keep quiet and under control in the middle of an obviously intense orgasm. As she slowly came down from it she smiled at Nick shyly then picked up her phone.
"Daddy... That was so hot. I think he enjoyed the show. Now Babygirl NEEDS to know what you look like."
Nick was ready and texted her a picture. He sat there staring at her as he watched the message arrive and watched her reaction. Her eyes widened. She looked up at him and her mouth dropped open. It was almost comical and worth every minute of the teasing to see the reaction.
"Daddy?" She whispered looking at him.
"Here Babygirl." He replied putting his phone in his pocket.
"Oh God you are a bad man... I love it..."
She jumped up and sat next to him cuddling into his shoulder as he put his arm around her and kissed her forehead. Taking her chin gently in his hand he tilted her face up so he could kiss her properly and for the first time ever they kissed. She was wearing some sort of vanilla lip balm and he loved the taste as their tongues swirled. His hands greedily roamed her body now. She was his. He quickly pulled her skirt up and pushed her legs apart. Glancing over his shoulder he could see that the couple we repaying no attention so he slid to his knees between her legs and ran his tongue over her bare cunt.
She whimpered loudly, her fingers twisting into his hair as she pulled his face in closer to her pussy. Happily he allowed her to and ate her sweet cunt. His tongue licking inside her, spearing into her over and over edging her towards another orgasm. She was so wet and turned on; the little flicks over the top of her clit just pushed her closer and closer towards another climax. Reaching under he teased her ass with the tip of his finger and as he sucked on her clit hard that was enough to send her over into another mind numbing orgasm.
Standing and returning to his seat he let her reach out and stroke his hard cock through the material of his pants.
"This is my stop Babygirl. Daddy lives five minutes from the station. Would you like to come round to his house and play?"
Her eyes were still dazed but she nodded eagerly as he helped her to her feet. They would continue this at his house. He couldn't wait.