Everybody who reads my stories knows I love to show myself in a sexy way, even naked when I get the right opportunity. What they might not know is that I am not a hero to do that - meaning: getting naked on a naked or clothes optional beach or in a public sauna is not difficult because the other people are naked also.
To flash with upskirt or give "opening" to show my pussy while wearing no panties "by accident" and sometimes on purpose in public is also okay but it's a short thing and to do that I already need a bit more courage.
When my boyfriend booked dinner in a fancy restaurant while on a city trip in Italy, he challenged me to wear a see-through blouse. I said the only one I have with me is a tank top and really sheer, without motives or figures masking my breasts, not the slightest covering design and should be worn with a beautiful bra.
There was not much time to think about it, the dinner was in about one hour. I got dressed, pulled on a beige colored jeans mini skirt that went together with the color of the sheer tank top. Before I put the top on I looked for the best bra to go with it. I chose a black one with a lot of lace, also a bit sheer showing some nipple shape but with the extra layer of the top it wasn't really visible anymore.
When my boyfriend saw me, he gave me a disappointing look and told me it would look much better without the bra.
"Are you serious?"
"Yes, because it is not beautiful to see the straps of the bra coming out on your back and shoulders," he explained.
"I agree, I don't like the straps either, but without the bra you will see my breasts and nipples!" I countered him.
Then he started using his special way of manipulating me, saying most people will not even notice, it's evening, so not too many strong lights, and telling me he would love it, to sit opposite to me in a nice restaurant with such a beautiful and sexy view.
I could have done that at home for him during a lunch or dinner with only the two of us - same view  for him but it's clear he just gets horny, letting me wear this top without a bra in public.
To support his thinking he showed me quickly a few pictures on his phone he just found on the net while I was dressing up: beautiful women, even some famous well known models and actresses, in similar sheer blouses. Walking proudly, in public, in daylight, showing off tits in a high class way.
Their eyes showing their typically indifferent looks, like not being aware they were showing full view on their nipples and all. For them it looks like it's the most normal thing to wear.
When he said my boobs looked even more beautiful than those in the pictures and that it would be a shame to hide them I started slowly to change my mind.
The last thing he said convinced me: "hey we are in Milan, the capital of fashion! People love to dress like this in this city!"
"Okay, okay! I hear you!" I said, "Let's do this".
Christian hurried to open the back of my bra - no second thoughts possible - and I got rid of it by pulling it from under my top. Freeing my boobs from a bra is always a relief but this was a real challenge exposing my tits for the first time in public like this! A public where everybody else was everything, except naked! This was a challenge of a higher level!
When I got back to the bathroom to check, I looked in the mirror and got doubts again: you could really see everything, almost like I was topless without clothes! I think in the following five minutes I asked Christian at least five times if he was sure about it, and if it would not be better and safer to wear a bra.... Evidently nothing could change his mind.
He just couldn't prevent me from taking my little beige jeans jacket that I bought together with the skirt, which covered my breasts. The skirt I was wearing that day did not have a zipper but a long row with buttons in the front. The lowest 3 buttons were open and Christian insisted on opening a few more to show "more legs".
I added a fine white leather belt that matched with my white high heeled sandals. The jacket was not closed so people could see my cleavage and the middle curved part of my boobs, but no nipples.
Before we left he put his hand under my skirt to check if I was wearing panties.
"Of course not baby!" and lifted my skirt to prove to him...
My boyfriend no longer needed to motivate or manipulate me to go commando. I was addicted to it by now! Since last Summer it has become a real habit. For me it only has advantages: less laundry, feeling free, feeling fresh air between my legs, and of course the feeling of excitement when I have a few innocent chances to flash.
The idea of strangers knowing I am not wearing anything under my skirt makes it even more arousing!
Commando became my style so whenever I can, I am not wearing panties, alone or in a company that will not be aware, unless I want to, or in the company of my boyfriend, and of course, most of the time he is aware. Long dress or short, it doesn't matter, even in my home country, so not only a limited behaviour on trips abroad. Except for the ultra short skirts! Those I still don't dare to wear in my home town.
"I think you can open at least one more button of that skirt," Christian suggested to me.
"You think?" I replied while opening one more.
I tested a few poses and sitting positions and realized I would be able to use my skirt to enhance some of my exhibitionistic behavior. Christian was observing me as I was opening my legs a bit while sitting on a chair.
"What can you see?" I asked him.
"I can see a long way up your beautiful legs," he replied.
"And now?" I asked him while opening my legs a bit more.
"Now I can see your pussy babe!"
"Good!"
"Do you have plans?" Christian asked me with a wondering voice.
"No, just to know how I can sit in a safe way without exposing"
We jumped on a bus because it was only a 20min drive. It was the weekend and all seats were taken and like many other people we stood in the aisle, holding the handles above our heads to prevent us from falling.
As I am not tall I could just reach by stretching out. Without my high heels I would not even be able to grab them.
It already began: my jacket fell open and attracted many looks. That moment the best view was for a man just standing next to me, face to face. He had no problem seeing everything and it was still not dark outside either! He stared at my boobs all the time without shame (why would he, if I am not ashamed to wear this top?). We didn't talk and only exchanged a few smiles.
I felt myself blushing and was glad I had sunshades on, to at least hide my eyes. The more minutes passed by, the more confident I got, more at ease and even enjoying myself.
But that was not the only thing on the bus: people sitting on the seats behind me and in front of me had a view on my upskirt mini! I had no idea how much they could see but I was sure I gave at least something sexy to look at.
I got aroused by the feeling of strangers looking at uncovered naked parts of my body and felt my pussy responding with that tingling subtle energy.
This was not like flashing one or two seconds. It was a permanent revealing pose for the whole ride, that allowed people to discover some of my private skin. The only change I made was switching arms up high because my shoulder got stiff after a while.
The ones that saw something could go on watching as long as they wanted and didn't need to be lucky to see something in only a few seconds.
I tried to discover who was watching, who were the potential voyeurs.
At least two young guys, sitting next to one another, on a chair placed in the opposite driving direction stared at me all the time. My body was positioned sideways to them and I was thinking to turn a bit to give them more view of the front so the open split of my skirt was easier to see. And of course, what the open split revealed...
They clearly enjoyed the improved view and I imagine how sure they are that I did this intentionally.  It was my first time ever doing my best to flaunt my pussy on a public bus for such a long time! I felt amazing and haughty!
My boyfriend changed places a few times while he was standing on the bus to check on me from different angles. When we got off I asked him about it and he confirmed my thoughts: from behind people that sat down could see a big part of my bare ass and in front they had a good look through the open split of my skirt revealing everything!
"Ooh! Really? Everything?? Could they see my pussy???" I said in a faking panicking manner, one hand in front of my mouth.
"Yes, lucky you opened a few extra buttons of your skirt because now they all know yours is bald!" he said jokingly.
"It showed a completely involuntary and accidental situation and you made a lot of happy victims" he continued with an exciting voice.
"You are a professional exhibitionist, I am sure you did this on purpose!"
He was right - when I felt my jacket falling open and the hem of my skirt going up, I could have easily changed my position to hold at a lower pole or a chair - but I choose not to!
"And what if I did this on purpose, do you like that?" I asked my boyfriend.
"It's hot, it's naughty and so exciting to be your witness! Proud of you!"
I was happy with his reaction and in return it also had an extra exciting effect on me, that he sounded so thrilled. I would not dare to do this without him either, I can't imagine to risk this all alone.
The erotic atmosphere for the rest of the evening was set!
When arriving at the restaurant the waiter wanted to take my jacket but I said "no thanks" and kept it on. He brought us to a little round table at the side of the restaurant and as usual I went to sit with my back to the wall to have an overview of the restaurant to see what's happening.
I know my boyfriend also likes that seat but as a gentleman he always lets me choose.
We started with a glass of Champagne and while waiting for the food, we ordered a bottle of white Chablis, with the seafood and fish. It was quite warm inside and the alcohol did not lower the temperature. My boyfriend saw me blushing...
"I suggest you take off your jacket babe, you will feel so much more comfortable," he urged me with a naughty grin on his face.
The fact that we did not know anybody there and that the chance of coming back is rather 0% and of course the alcohol gave me courage to do that.
I got up from the chair to get a bit of space between me and the wall to take off my jacket. Like in a split second, the waiter was there beside me, obliging to help me out of my jacket, and before I realized, he was gone to bring my only cover to their cloakroom.
"No way to put it on before leaving the place" I was thinking out loud.
One thing didn't seem right with what my boyfriend told me before leaving our hotel: not much light? There was a lot of light in that restaurant - enough to see everything without any doubt!
I decided to forget about it and enjoy dinner and my company: my naughty boyfriend! He obviously loved the view and now I regret I did not let him sit in my chair, then he would be the only one able to see me.
Now the staff and other visitors of the restaurant walked by constantly and almost every time I had eye-contact with them. They smiled and I smiled back, aware that they did not smile that much at me before, when I was still wearing my jacket.
Between courses I had to go to the ladies-room. When I got up to go over there, I felt like doing a cat-walk during a fashion show. I thought everybody looked at me and I had to pretend I did not notice. I tried to look as indifferent as the models and actresses from the pictures.
After using the toilet I put on some fresh make-up and saw myself in the big mirror with another woman next to me. She looked at me but did not say anything.
That moment, my mind got sexually triggered seeing myself like this. I can bring up the excuse that it was my boyfriend pushing me to wear this see-through without a bra, but deep inside I knew the real truth was that I wanted to, to show off like this and to relive the amazing first feeling I had when I got naked in public for the first time.
Suddenly I was proud and felt great. I saw my nipples getting stronger and darker. I went back to our table full of confidence and my boyfriend noticed. Every 10 minutes a waiter showed up to ask if everything was alright. Not only the waiter that served us all the time but also several colleagues and even, as is the custom in a top restaurant, the big chef visited our table to check on us - or was it on me?
Now I was again happy with my chair-position getting the looks "I deserve".
On my left side there was another table with a couple and on my right a company of four, I guess two couples. The four got my attention because after my walk back from the ladies-room I suspected them of gossiping about me.
When I saw their heads coming close together and whispering while looking at me I was wondering what they were saying. Was it about my origin, my see-through top or... my tits maybe?
I exchanged a few smiling glances with my boyfriend who also realized what was going on. I didn't mind and found it rather pleasant to be the subject of such conversation.
My boyfriend also had to go to the restroom and when he got up I saw his bulge. It was obvious the two of us enjoyed this erotical tension.
Now that he was gone a lot more tables had a clear and unobstructed view of me. I felt suddenly a bunch of new pairs of staring eyes looking at me. Some of the faces, men and women, gave me the impression they were just waiting for this moment, to have a chance to see me.
No shades to hide my eyes this time, but I didn't want to look down or away. I made sure to sit straight up, shoulders back, showing proudly my assets.
While he was away, again the waiter came to clean the table, taking away something and asking if I needed anything.  I guess I have never been taken so good care of in a restaurant!
The whole situation and the subtle looks and attention staff and guests gave me made me more and more horny and I thought I felt some wetness between my legs.
Out of sight, under the table, I brought one hand between my legs to feel and confirm my suspicion.
After dessert my boyfriend paid and when we got up to leave, the waiter was back to help me in my jacket.  On the way out I thanked my boyfriend for "pushing" me to leave my bra in our hotel room.
"My pleasure" he said and I think I can take his answer literally!
"Now I see you are in such a good mood, I wonder if you would like to go for a drink in a club or pub to show off some more?"
"I accept, but only if you buy!"
I was indeed in a good mood and excited. I wanted to hold on to this naughty daring behavior that gave me such an arousing feeling.
The next place we entered we went to sit at the bar where I could not wait to take off my jacket! I was looking down on my own tits, surprised at myself sitting there like this and then looking around to see if someone noticed me. Christian was clearly also surprised about the fact he didn't need to make any effort to suggest taking my jacket off.
The bartender was the first one obviously, just at the other side of the bar. My sheer top did magic and conjured big smiling faces. My naughty boyfriend was keeping me close but not too close either and left almost one meter between us just to make sure to get enough eyes on me, and believe me, in Italy I got a lot of eyes.
After my boyfriend challenged me in that restaurant I thought it was pay-back time. I wanted to tease him by pulling up my skirt a bit more and unbuttoned her, leaving only the two top buttons to prevent my skirt from falling completely open.
By moving my legs a bit apart I flashed my pussy to him and apparently he was not the only one who noticed my teasing play. The space between my boyfriend and me was like an "inviting sign" and two men, apparently friends, came to chat with me and offered a  drink which I accepted, as long as they included my boyfriend!
They looked at him and asked him if it was ok if they talked with me. My boyfriend said "she is all yours" and ordered a gin-tonic for the both of us on their tap. He let them talk to me, let them give me all their attention and even did not complain when they put their hands on my legs while giving me compliments on my beautiful sheer tank top.
After a bit of a chat one guy, who wasn't as good in English as the other, moved to somewhere else. This left me with the first guy and my boyfriend, now joining in the conversation. We introduced ourselves with our first names and his name was Gio. Gio must have been around my age.
A typical Italian type, tanned skin, black hair and a modern, nice haircut and a very short trimmed beard and mustache. He wasn't as tall as Christian, but was slimmer, wearing a stylish light checkered summer jacket on dark jeans. When new people arrived at the pub, and looked at us, they must have thought Gio and I were a couple: he was sticking to me and Christian looked like our friend standing next to us.
Then in an almost invisible way, I felt a hand sliding slowly more and more up, under my skirt, going between my legs. I kept an eye on my boyfriend who watched and controlled everything.  If there was something I would not like, he would see it right away, and if there was something he didn't like I would know it as well.
Christian and I already had a few experiences where strangers made part of our little sexual games. The most intensive part was probably when he saw me giving and getting oral sex from a few guys in the Swing Club. After that holiday, where we tested our curiosity, we didn't talk much about it anymore. Life, work, family, time, not living together.... and if the topic came up it was in bed like in a naughty role play during sex and it never left a negative aftertaste, quite the contrary.
Suddenly there was this new situation that brought my horny mind back to that evening in the Swing Club.
I was enjoying the warm hand of Gio, who tried to be as secretly moving as possible, guessing to hide his moves for the public's eyes. The bartender and my boyfriend were the only ones to know what was going on.
His hand turned, towards the inside of my thighs when he realized neither me, nor my boyfriend did comment on it.
I opened my legs a bit to show I liked it, which motivated him to go on, not before checking with my boyfriend who had a big grin on his face.
Fresh Gin-tonics replaced the empty ones. By now, Gio discovered I didn't wear any panties which probably even motivated him more. He must have felt provoked and therefore not to blame for his behavior.
One hand arrived at my bare pussy and started to caress her labia gently. I was curious to feel his crotch and lowered my hand between his legs to feel his bulge in a discreet way. He felt rock hard! There was not a lot of talking anymore.
Now and then, he was giving me little kisses in my neck or on my shoulder.  My boyfriend enjoyed the play he was witnessing, and different scenarios went through my head.
Christian didn't mind me giving a BJ or getting oral from another guy last year, so I guessed he would not mind this situation either: me choosing a nice guy to finger fuck me a little bit. That thought together with Champagne, wine and gin, gave me a push to take this a bit further.
One finger made a move to slide in. I let it happen by spreading my legs a bit more, not losing eye-contact with Christian, who could only guess what was happening since Gio obstructed a part of his view.
That felt so hot, looking in each other's eyes, me feeling and he guessing about what was going on! I also noticed Gio's friend, sitting at the other side of the bar. Maybe he regretted not knowing enough English.
I took another sip from my gin-tonic, while I felt the guy's finger, swimming in my juice I started to produce since the exposure in the restaurant. I had one arm around his shoulder and gave a quick kiss on his cheek, as a sign of reward for pleasing my little cunt with his nice finger work.
To Christian I used my hand on the back of Gio's shoulder to give him a hint by lifting my middle finger up to him.
He understood it was not a "fuck you!" sign but just a naughty way of telling him a stranger is fingering his girlfriend right there...
I let him continue and heard myself softly moaning, while Christian covered the wide view for the public behind us. I was highly aroused by Gio's unhindered finger play. I don't remember how long and it was very enjoyable but I was too much on guard for the public around me to get an orgasm.
I asked Gio to stop and slide down from my chair and moved towards Christian.
"Are you okay babe," I asked him.
"Sure, I am very much okay," he said.
"I am getting such an appetite for tasting a new cock" I whispered with a drunken voice in his ear. "Can I? Hehehe..." I asked him, one hundred percent sure he would say no.
"If you are that hungry, I will not stop you," he said
"Wauwwww, thank you darling" I reacted and turned back to Gio, not even wondering if Christian was thinking I was joking or not, because I definitely wasn't.
All three got real close to the bar, while my boyfriend noticed I had my hand on Gio's pants, feeling his bulge. Suddenly I got some unexpected help from Christian.
"Would you like a blow job?" Christian asked Gio in a naughty way.
"Only by her," Gio replied, probably also not sure if this was a joke or serious.
I couldn't wait for second thoughts or regrets and decided to seize the moment. I took Gio by his hand and made our way along a narrow corridor, towards toilets, searching for a safe place. My boyfriend followed, for my safety in the first place and for sure, he wanted to see me perform on Gio.
In the back we found an unlocked storage room.
Christian closed the door behind us and leaned with his back against it, making sure nobody else could come in.
I unzipped Gio's pants while he also didn't hold back to get his hand on my pussy again. I quickly opened my belt and the two remaining buttons of my skirt that fell down on my ankles.  I was standing there half naked, with a bit of spread feet feeling Gio's hand rubbing my pussy. I didn't give him a lot of time to play with her because I was so horny and anxious to taste his cock.  I crouched down after I took his hard dick out of his pants. I looked up at Gio who couldn't wait to get sucked.
I just realized that on the same day in the morning I had Christians cock in my mouth during a quick morning sex session and now this new one, feeling different in my hand, a bit bigger, longer, younger...
With my hand around his strong shaft I looked a last time at Christian before starting licking him. Christians hand was already around his own freed cock while leaning against the door. Guess that was the green light for me! Always a good sign that everything is going very well in his mind!
Christian, who helped initiate the situation, was clearly aroused and horny to see me again conquering a new cock, ready to be sucked. I licked his beautiful head that got shiny by my saliva and his pre-cum.  The only light bulb hanging above our heads in the shady storage room made his cock reflecting and looking very appealing.
Then my two lips enclosed the head while the tip of my tongue played his little piss-hole, and tasted his leaking pre-cum.
I started to get more of his strong cock in my mouth. Slowly little by little, moving my head back and forward. When I felt Gio's hands on my head I knew he wanted to command the pace. I kept one hand on his cock so I didn't have to take him all in. The combination of the situation I was in, in the storage room, down on a stranger, my boyfriend watching me and masturbating and the taste and shape of a new cock got me so excited!
While I was using one hand on Gio's dick or balls while sucking, my other hand was busy playing with my clit.
Gio didn't plan to hold long because I heard him making more and louder noises of a grunting bear.
Then there is that moment of deciding how to take the man's load. I stopped sucking, got up and raised my arms.

"Help me out of my top" I ordered the men.
It was Gio that pulled it over my head and put it away behind him on an empty chair.
I didn't want him to spoil it with his sticky seed and preferred to let him shoot on my naked breasts, rather than trying to swallow and not being able to prevent getting his juice on my sheer fragile top.
Now I was completely naked on my sandals and wanted to get back to business. I pulled his pants and boxer down on his shoes and got back in position to suck him. In a short while I was on track building up the tension for Gio to cum. Behind me I heard Christian also making sounds and knowing him, he would not hesitate to cum as well.
"C'mon babe, almost there," I heard Gio gasping!
He pulled my head faster back and forward and the only sound in that room was my slurping and sucking and the two men moaning.
I felt his cock growing in my mouth when he started to pump his load out. While his first shots ended inside the back of my mouth he urged me to go on...
"More, more, continue, please continue!"
Several other shots kept on coming out of his spouting cock, finding their way over my chin, down to my breasts. My fist tried to pull and squeeze at the same time to get every drop out. I sucked and licked a bit more, lightly, to clean his hot cock.
When I got up I noticed the flakes on my tits but didn't have anything near me to clean up.
In my mind I was already aware that I was going to have to suck Christian off as well, but he voluntarily went to the toilets and hurried to get some paper.
After he left, Gio started cleaning me by licking his cume from my tits. I looked at his almost flaccid cock and couldn't prevent the imagination passing my brain of fucking this dick.
Gio took advantage of the short and temporary situation of being alone with me and kissed my nipples and had one hand between my legs, another on my ass, as if he dared more without Christian around. We were body to body, me naked, him with his pants down. I felt his growing cock against my belly and my sexual instinct made me fantasize and long to feel him deep inside me. My hand grabbed his tool and without thinking I wanted him to get hard again for me. I started massaging his cock while he was sucking a nipple...
My fantasy was short-lived because the door opened.
"Nobody around?" I asked Christian when he came back in, a minute later...
"No, I didn't see anybody!" he said, while he looked at me and Gio, who had his hands and face all over me and me with his dick in my hand.
I didn't feel "caught" and kept stroking Gio's cock while smiling at Christian like i had a trophy in my hand.
Hmmm maybe I wished my boyfriend would have taken a bit longer to get back.....
Gio and I let go of each other and Christian helped a bit by cleaning me up with a few tissues, but I missed fresh water.
Christian was reading my mind: "Better get back to the hotel for a nice shower baby".
I agreed and got dressed with the help of an attentive Gio, who handed me my few pieces of clothing.
We went back to the bar where I asked for a glass of water. When Christian took his wallet to pay, Gio stopped him and said it was all on him.
Christian asked the barman to order a taxi and we finished our drinks. I kissed Gio goodbye, said this was fun and we drove back to the hotel.
We didn't talk in the taxi and once in our room we undressed and got both into the shower.
"That was amazing!" Christian suddenly said, and those were his first words after leaving the bar.
"Yeah, very exciting," I admitted. "What an evening! Maybe I need to wear more of those kinds of blouses?"
Christian's hard and erected cock under the shower gave me the answer.
"I knew since last Summer that you are an exhibitionist but now I know for sure you like sucking cocks"
"Did you doubt that?" I asked Christian
"Well, I was not sure if you do it only to please me, even without liking to do it or...."
"Yes I love to suck and taste a nice cock!" I interrupted him. "Just a pity I didn't had much different experiences in my life"
"Seems you are catching up  babe!"
We dove on the bed and had great sex while a new statement was launched: "oral sex is not cheating!"
"Oral sex is not cheating, I agree but your cock is mine and mine only!" I laughed, while holding his dick.