My wife and I had a scheduled Christmas zoom get together with some extended family members yesterday afternoon. We both finished up our workouts about 20 minutes before, which always gets her going. Something about being all sweaty really turns her on.
While we were chatting with my aunts and uncles she slipped her hand up my thigh. Not expecting this, I twitched at her touch and I'm sure I flushed a little. But this didn't faze her at all. In fact it probably only turned her on more.
She continued teasing me over my workout shorts, grazing the tip of my now hard cock, but never lingering for more than a few seconds. She kept chatting with everyone while teasing me. I squirmed a little in my seat as my cock pressed hard against the fabric of my shorts and my balls tightened. We went on like this for about 20 minutes before someone broke the seal and logged off. Everyone else was quick to follow, which I was incredibly thankful for.
Not two seconds had passed since I shut my laptop before she had my pants down around my ankles and cock in her mouth. Normally my wife isn't too into sloppy blowjobs, but this one was different. She was basically drooling as she took me in her throat. She wrapped her hands around my waist and pulled me deeper into her, gagging on my cock. I think she could sense me getting too close and released me from her throat, with saliva and my pre cum running down her chin.
Her eyes were filled with a lust and desire I hadn't seen in a long time. Without saying anything, she turned around and slowly pulled down her tight leggings around her ass, pausing to let me admire the hard work she's put in over the last months before she stepped out of them.
She gave me a little wink and then playfully sparked her ass before bending over the desk. She spread her ass cheeks with both hands, revealing her wet pussy and tight asshole. I took a moment to admire the sights before pressing the tip of my cock at her swollen pussy. I heard her let out a soft moan as I entered her and felt her grip my cock.
We built a steady rhythm so that as I thrusted forward her ass cheeks pressed against my hips. Her breath was quickening and I could feel her pussy tighten as she got close to orgasm. I knew just how to send her over the edge, and gave her ass several spanks in succession. As my hand landed on her ass one more time I could feel her whole body tighten around me as she came, beginning to shake with pleasure.
I pulled my cock out of her as she turned around and sank to her knees. Instinctively she took me in her mouth to and cleaned up her juices from me. She rubbed my balls with her thumb and pressed into my taint with the other. I was in ecstasy. Not wanting to cum just yet I pulled her head off of my cock and we moved to the nearby couch.
She sat spread eagle with her pussy and ass on full display. I knelt in front of her and buried my face in her wet cunt. She love grinding on my face like this, and she grabbed my hair as she rocked her clit back and forth over my mouth. I took this opportunity to massage her asshole with my thumb, using her juices as lube. Normally she's not very into ass play, but I took her moans and quickened breath as encouragement and kept circling her hole with my thumb. This was enough to send her over the edge again. She bucked and her grip on my hair tightened as she came on my face, moaning loudly in the process.
Now it was turn. I pulled her off the couch and positioned her prone on the floor, my favorite position to fuck her in. Something about this position made her feel even tighter and always finished me off quickly. As I pounded her roughly her ass eagerly bounced up to meet my hips with each stroke. I could feel my orgasm building deep within me and I knew I wouldn't last long.
Sensing this, my wife begged me to fill her up, demanding I cum deep in her pussy. That was all I needed to hear and I unloaded what felt like buckets of cum inside her with a few final strokes. I collapsed on top of her as cum leaked out of her pussy. She rolled out from underneath me and polished off a mixture of my cum and her own juices from my cock. It was nearly enough to produce another wave of cum as I came down from the orgasm.
We have more Zooms planned for the next week or so to celebrate the holidays with other family and friends. I can only hope that they proceed in a similar fashion!