"I'm so sorry!" Bella said.
"It's OK, Bella," Vanessa said. "Let's go take a look at it."
She found her car with a broken tail light.
The blonde didn't meet Vanessa's eyes. "I guess it was in my blind spot."
"It's just the cap. It's easy to fix," Vanessa assured her.
"There's a mechanics store not far away," Tim said. He had so far silently followed behind his wife. "I can drive you there."
"If it's the one I think you mean, it's about an hour's drive. We can just swing by on the drive home tomorrow."
"It's closed tomorrow." he added quickly. "I'm happy to drive there now. We can take our car."
He seemed very eager to get the tail light sorted. Any other day, Vanessa would have written off his reaction as an earnest young man anxious to compensate for his wife's mistake. But after what transpired the day before, she was curious. His tone of voice resembled the constrained normality it had when he encouraged his wife to get a massage from Ben the night before.
"Well, I suppose we shouldn't drive all the way back to the city with a broken light," Vanessa said.
"Do you mind coming with me in the car?" Tim asked. "I can't quite find my way around here."
He looked nervous.
"Sure," Vanessa agreed. Whatever was going on, she was intrigued. "I just need to wait until Ben is back from his run."
"Maybe Bella can let him know what happened?" Tim suggested.
"She's not coming with us?" Vanessa asked, trying her best not to sound insinuating.
Bella looked at her husband. "Uhm, I guess I should stay here. You know, so Ben doesn't have wait here by himself."
Tim nodded. "Yeah, and please tell him you're really sorry about hitting his car."
The young couple exchanged glances.
"Yeah, I'll make it up to him," Bella said.
"OK, that's settled then," Vanessa said. "Shall we get going?"
Tim lingered, looking at his wife like he wanted to say something. But he appeared unable to find the words. Eventually, he turned and walked to the driver's seat of their car.
"Have fun," he said before closing the door.
They drove in silence for a long time. Tim kept staring straight ahead, apparently lost in his own thoughts.
"Are you OK," Vanessa asked.
He nodded. "Yeah, I think so."
He excessively scanned the areas around the road, as if looking for something to talk about that wasn't focused on him. Eventually, he took a deep breath.
"It was me," he said.
"What?"
"The light cap. It was me who hit your car."
Vanessa wrinkled her brow. "OK?"
"I convinced Bella she should take the blame. I told her Ben would be less upset if it was her."
"Aha," Vanessa said. "He's not the type to get upset easily. Accidents happen. But I can see why you'd think he might go easier on her. You know, after..."
There was no need to complete the sentence—the image of the sensual massage from the night before was already planted in Tim's mind. He drove in silence, his heavy breath a telltale sign of what he was thinking about.
"The thing is..." Tim eventually continued. "It wasn't really an accident."
"What do you mean?"
"I kind of hit it on purpose."
Vanessa gave him a skeptical look. "Why on earth would you do that?"
"I'm sorry, Mrs. Hamilton. It was stupid. I was just thinking about excuses all morning, and when I was backing the car up, I just had an impulse."
"Excuses for what?" Vanessa asked, suspecting she already knew the answer.
Ben stared at the road. He nervously licked his lips. "An excuse for Bella to be alone with... With your husband. Are you mad?"
"Mad that you broke our car or that you want to leave your wife alone with my husband?"
"Either, I suppose."
"No, I'm not mad. But next time can you come up with an excuse that doesn't involve a two-hour car ride?"
He broke out in a smile, but his face soon turned troubled again.
"I don't know what's wrong with me," he said.
Vanessa placed her hand on Tim's arm, rubbing him comforting. "Oh, honey. There is nothing wrong with you. You should be proud of yourself."
He didn't look convinced.
"You're doing this out of love for her," Vanessa continued. "You know it makes her excited, and you allow her to explore this. It's beautiful thing, truly."
Tim lightly shrugged his shoulders. "Maybe."
"And perhaps it's not entirely selfless," Vanessa added, flashing a crooked grin. "I guess you like it too. What exactly were you hoping for when you wanted an excuse for them to be alone?"
Tim glanced at her, shy to speak his mind.
"Oh, come on," Vanessa urged him. "We're friends now, remember. What do you think Ben is going to do with her?"
"Whatever he wants."
Tim stared straight ahead. He tried his best to conceal his erection. Vanessa reached for her phone and texted a brief message to her husband.
"I can't believe I just said that," Tim added after a moment of silence. "Who wants some other man to treat his wife like a..."
"Go on," Vanessa pushed. "You can say it."
He took a deep breath, "Like a slut. I want my wife to be a slut. God, you must think I'm some weirdo."
Vanessa smiled. She found it amusing that Tim was so oblivious to the fact that it was her husband he was hoping to have his way with his wife. But it was understandable. The young man was busy dealing with his own emotions.
"No, I don't think you're weird at all," she said. "You've suppressed these feelings for quite some time. It's expected they come bursting out now. You and Bella will have to find your own path and explore what works for you both. It's the only thing that matters. But promise me one thing..."
She paused, making sure that she had his attention.
"Whatever happens today," she continued. "Promise me you will support her. You put her up to this."
He nodded softly. "What do you think they will do?"
"I think Ben will fuck your wife," Vanessa answered matter-of-factly.
"Oh, yeah?" His voice betrayed his excitement. "Why do you think that?"
She unlocked her phone and showed him the short message she had sent to her husband. It succinctly readFuck her.
Tim's breath shivered with excitement. He had to adjust his erection pressing against his pants.
Vanessa failed to suppress a giggle. "Now keep your eyes on the road or you'll get us killed."
Arriving at the store, Tim needed a moment to collect himself. It was odd, Vanessa thought. Back when he was her student, it would have been unthinkable to sit there waiting for his erection to go away. But now it felt strangely natural.
When they finally went inside and found the light cap, Tim offered to pay.
"No need," Vanessa said.
"It was my fault," Tim insisted. "Please let me pay for it."
"Don't worry about it, honey," Vanessa said, loud enough so the cashier would hear. "I'm sure your wife is paying back my husband as we speak."
It was a cheap trick, rendering the young man too flustered to argue. But she couldn't let him pay. The young couple's struggling economy was after all the reason she persuaded them to have this free vacation at the cabin.
"Let me drive," she said as they walked back to the car. "I think your brain is elsewhere."
"What about you?" Tim asked after they had driven in silence for a while.
Vanessa glanced at him. "What about me?"
"Why are you so eager to let Ben... You know."
"Let him what?" she taunted.
Tim took a deep breath. "Why do you want him to fuck my wife?"
"I told you. I owe him."
"But it seems to be you more than him pushing things."
She shrugged her shoulders. "That's what we do for the ones we love, right? We make good things happen for them. Exciting things. Besides, I think it was you pushing things today."
Tim nodded. He seemed to accept her answer, but his questions left Vanessa with some questions of her own. Why was she so keen to set Bella on the same path she had taken herself as a young wife? Sure, she truly believed she was helping the young couple. And she was sure Ben was having a well-deserved good time with the hot young blonde. But somewhere in the back of her head, she knew her actions weren't completely altruistic.
"Why did you stop?" Tim suddenly asked, breaking her train of thoughts.
"What?"
"If you think what Bella and I are doing is healthy, why did you stop?"
"I guess things changed when we had kids. It was a new time in life. And not everyone is as open minded as you and I. When I became a teacher, I was worried rumors might get out and nosy people would get the wrong idea. And being a hotwife is a young woman's game."
He looked like he was about to say something, but she continued her lecturing before he could interrupt.
"But it's a wonderful thing to look back on—an exciting past to share. It may sound odd, but it can make you tighter as a couple. You're doing something wonderful for your wife, and I think she will be very grateful. Just remember, you must be supportive of whatever she has done. It's OK to feel jealous. But you can choose what to act on. Going with the excitement is more fun. Believe me."
Coming up the driveway, they saw Ben enjoying a beer on the patio. His hair was wet, indicating he'd just had a shower. He saluted them as they exited the car.
"Where's Bella," Vanessa asked.
"I think she's sleeping," Ben said and took a sip from his beer. "She seemed exhausted."
"You should go wake up your wife," Vanessa said, turning to the young man beside her. "And remember what we talked about."
Tim nodded and left for their cabin. Ben fetched the new light cap from Tim's car and began unpacking it from the box.
"That can wait," Vanessa said sternly. "Remember the old deal? No secrets."
Ben smiled crookedly as he moved in close and patronizingly stroked her cheek. "Sounds like someone is impatient."
She playfully stuck her tongue out at him, but he interrupted her taunt by momentarily sucking her tongue into his mouth.
"Let's go inside," he said. He took her by the hand and led her into the house.
"So, everything went well?" Vanessa asked as she shut the door behind her.
"I'd say so," Ben replied.
"Oh, come on! Stop stalling!"
Ben grinned. "OK. But remember that you put me up to this."
He pointed her to the couch while he fetched a bottle of wine and two glasses.
"Actually, I think Tim put you up to it," Vanessa said. "But go on."
"Well, when I got back from my run, I found the place empty. I showered and got dressed, and I was just about to head down to the beach to see if you were all hanging out there. Then I spotted Bella coming out of their cabin. And I could tell straight away something was going on."
He paused as he sat down, pouring their glasses. He had picked a fancy bottle of red, and Vanessa grew hopeful that they had reason to celebrate something special. Like Ben turning the Bella into a slut wife.
"She had obviously spent a fair bit of time on make-up and hair," Ben continued. "And she was wearing a tight skirt and tank top, which hugged her body. She looked nervous, and I saw her walk to our door and turn around several times. Eventually, I beat her to it. I flung the door open and told her to come inside."
"And then she told you about the tail light?" Vanessa asked impatiently.
"Yes, she did," Ben said. "And she said you had gone with Tim to pick up a new one. She was very apologetic. I was about to tell her it was no big deal, but the way she bit her bottom lip as she shuffled before me made me think she wanted it to be a big deal."
"Where were you when you talked to her?" Vanessa asked, wanting to picture the whole thing in detail.
"I was sitting right here on the couch."
"And Bella?"
"She stood in front of me, looking like she didn't know what to do with her hands. I asked her why she hadn't gone with you to the store, seeing as it was she who had caused the accident. She said something about how she wanted to stay and make it up to me. It was clear she didn't have it in her to be upfront with what she really wanted. So, I decided I'd make it easier by making decisions for her."
"So you let your dominating side show?" Vanessa asked eagerly.
Ben chuckled. "I suppose I did."
"Good. It is one of your best sides. I'm glad Bella got to see it."
"I taunted her a bit, asking how she meant to make it up to me," Ben continued. "And when she didn't say anything, I asked her if she rather I came up with a way. She nodded."
He paused to take a sip from his glass. Vanessa did the same, but she was so focused on his story that a few drops dribbled onto her blouse.
"Shit!"
"What's the matter, honey? You seem a bit distracted."
"Go on," Vanessa urged. "Tell me what you did."
She began unbuttoning her blouse, noticing that her husband studied her fingers as she undid with the buttons.
"Well, I said I was surprised she was still wearing clothes," Ben said. "I told her she should strip for me."
Vanessa stopped her fidgeting with the buttons. "Just like that?"
"She has been quite keen on flaunting herself the last couple of days. But this time she wouldn't be able to hide behind excuses. She was simply going to undress for me."
"She stood right here?" Vanessa asked as she rose to her feet and stepped over in front of her husband.
"Yes. Right there. She fidgeted with the hem of her tank top, as if stalling."
"I know what she was doing," Vanessa said. "She was prolonging the moment and made sure she was storing the sensation in her memory. Did she take the top off?"
"Yes, I urged her—or rather ordered her—to go on and show me her tits. And just like that, she pulled the top over her head."
Vanessa pulled the blouse off her shoulder and let it fall to the floor. "Did she wear a bra?"
Ben shook his head. He licked his lips as Vanessa reached behind her to unclasp her bra. He stared hungrily at Vanessa's tits as they swayed free, and she grew worried that his hunger was a sign he had passed on the young blonde.
"Then what?"
He confidently took a sip from his wine. "I told her to go on and take off the skirt."
"And she did?"
Ben nodded, and Vanessa unzipped her skirt. It was nowhere near as tight as what she imagined Vanessa would have worn, but she still leaned over and wiggled her hips as she pulled it over her hips. As it fell to the floor, she stepped out of it and stood before her husband, naked but for her panties. Her breath grew heavy as she pictured the tarted up blonde in this position, exposed to Ben's hungry eyes.
"Then I told her to come close," Ben said. "She was wearing high heels, and it was obvious her flustered state was making it difficult to walk straight. But she moved in close. And by the way she held out her arms to make sure they weren't in the way, I think she knew what I was about to do."
Vanessa moved in close in front of her husband. She gasped as he hooked his fingers into her panties and slowly yanked them down.
"She was noticeably excited," Ben added. "Just like you are now, my dear."
He blew softly at her pussy, enhancing the cooling sensation of her dripping wetness. Vanessa gasped and pictured Bella in her place. How vulnerable the blonde must have felt, stripped before Ben and wondering what else he would have her do.
"I told her to turn around," Ben continued. "And she spun around quickly. I don't think she was anxious to hide her pussy, but rather eager to show off her ass. She bent slightly at the hips, poking her ass at me."
Vanessa smirked. "She's proud of that ass." She turned and copied what Bella had done.
"She sure is," Ben agreed. "And I decided to focus on that."
Vanessa flinched as she felt a swat on her bare ass.
"You spanked her?" she asked in disbelief as she turned to look back at Ben over her shoulder.
He gave her a pleased grin. "She said she wanted to be accountable for the accident."
"What did she do?"
"At first she looked shocked. But she nevertheless bent forward."
Vanessa leaned forward to poke her ass out, inviting Ben to give her the same treatment that Bella had gotten. She shivered as she imagined the blonde is this compromising position, experience the sensation of another man than her husband playing with her body.
Ben groped his wife, playing with her cheeks. Occasionally, he slapped her ass, making it wiggle before him. She always enjoyed her husband's spankings. He never slapped her particularly hard, and it felt more like a sensual tribute to her ass. A part of her thought it bold of Ben to exhibit Bella to this treatment, but it seemed fitting. The girl's ass deserved attention.
"Then I told her we should go to the bedroom," Ben said as he removed his hands from Vanessa's ass. "She nodded, and she clearly knew what the implications were. I gave her a playful swat on the ass, and she giggled as she skipped before me. She seemed very excited about what she was about to do."
"And you?" Vanessa asked, winking at her husband.
He ignored her gibe, the answer too obvious.
"Once we got in here..." Ben continued as they reached the bedroom. "I pulled her in for a kiss."
Vanessa attacked her husband's mouth, picturing him making out with the slim young blonde.
"She looked at me expectantly when I broke the kiss," Ben said. "Given that she's such an obvious exhibitionist, I could tell she enjoyed being the only one naked. But we both knew it was time to change that. When I started unbuttoning my shirt, she was eager to help."
After the shower, Ben had slipped into a buttonless T-shirt, making hard to copy what Bella had done. But Vanessa still helped her husband out of his shirt.
"And then she helped me with my pants," Ben said.
Vanessa sunk to her knees and flung open her husband's belt buckle.
"Did she take off your underpants too?" Vanessa asked.
Ben nodded, and she quickly stripped her husband. She stared wide-eyed at his erection. She knew every exciting detail of her husband's majestic cock. But to Bella, today was the first time she saw it—maybe even the first time she saw any other than Tim's. Vanessa gently traced the outline of Ben's erection. She envisaged what it must have looked like for Bella, hungry to take this step into her journey of becoming a truly slutty wife. Vanessa felt her heart beat in her chest, hoping that Ben had led the girl far down that path.
"She looked up at me, as if asking for permission," Ben said.
"And..."
Ben grinned slyly. "I felt generous. I gave her a slight nod, and she..."
His words dissolved into a grunt as Vanessa sucked his cock into her mouth. She attacked him ferociously, bobbing her head over his cock. She took him deeper and deeper, her throat offering little resistance. In honesty, she wasn't sure Bella would have had the talent to deepthroat like her, but she found it hard to hold back.
"She didn't..." Ben panted as he backed off. "She didn't make me finish."
"No? What did you do?" Vanessa asked, staring up at her husband with saliva dribbling down her chin.
"I helped her to her feet and told her to get on the bed."
Vanessa threw herself back on the bed, her legs spread open for her husband. But he shook his head.
"She immediately got on her hands and knees, with her ass facing me. She looked back at me over her shoulder, as if curious what I would do with her."
"She sure is keen to show off that ass," Vanessa purred as she flipped over, imitating Bella's position.
"Yeah, and that's the thing..." Ben said as he moved onto the bed, cock swaying before him. "I was tempted to just fuck her there and then. Her little cunt was very ready for me. But I decided to take it slow and started fondling her ass again. I gave her a few slaps, and she whimpered softly each time. But what she really responded to was when I groped her—especially when I moved towards the center."
"Oh, wow..."
"I noticed she pushed back against my hand yesterday when I massaged her, but it was much more pronounced today. Every time my fingers brushed between her cheeks, she arched her back, as if inviting them further."
Vanessa gasped as he slid his hands over her ass. She felt his fingers move deeper in between her cheeks.
"Oh my god!" Vanessa yelped. "You rubbed her asshole?"
"I did," Ben said, circling her rim. "And she liked it. A lot."
Vanessa gyrated her ass, moving against his prodding fingers. "And then?"
"I removed my hand. She looked a bit disappointed at first, but she lit up when I retrieved this from the bedside table."
He held up a bottle of lubrication.
"Did you really?" Vanessa asked. "Did you fuck her in...?"
"I coated my fingers like this," Ben interrupted, not answering Vanessa's question. He pressed softly on her upper back. "And Bella leaned forward, face down against the bed."
Vanessa mimicked the position, submissively offering her ass up. She moaned as her husband's fingers slid between her cheeks. The thought of the young wife having the intimate details of her ass massaged by another man than Tim drove Vanessa crazy with lust. What a brave slut the blonde had become!
"Did you fuck her in the...?"
This time Ben interrupted her by sliding a finger inside her ass. She wailed. As he began sliding it in and out, she pushed back, urging him to probe her harder. He gratified her with another finger.
"Did you fuck her ass?!" she shouted through clenched teeth, not pausing her grinding against Ben's fingers. "Did you use more than your fingers?"
"Well, she looked back and meekly said that she'd never done it."
Vanessa halted. "She never had her ass fucked?"
Ben nodded. "I was surprised too, and it made me pause. I figured someone that obsessed with showing off her ass would make sure to have it attended to in every possible way. At first, I thought maybe she should have that experience with her husband first."
"But?" Vanessa urged him. The suspense was killing her. Surely her husband wouldn't leave it at this. How could he possibly resist that hot ass?
"But..." Ben said as he slipped his fingers out of Vanessa's ass. "But then I thought about what you said this morning when we talked about last night—that she lost her virginity to Tim. He will forever be her first. But maybe it would be exciting for her to let someone else be the first to take her ass."
"So, you did it?" Vanessa panted. She kept her eyes closed, focusing on the mental image of Bella offering her virgin ass up to Ben.
"I did."
Vanessa wailed with gratification as Ben pressed his erection against her rim. She relaxed and pushed back against him.
"Oh god," she gasped as he inserted the tip. He gave her a moment to adjust to the filling sensation.
"I told her to relax, and bit by bit..." he said as he began softly thrusting inside her. "I pushed deeper inside her. At first, she just panted and focused on relaxing. But then she started moaning, and it soon escalated."
Vanessa wailed with lust as her husband's cock moved inside her. Part of why she loved having her ass fucked was the sheer sluttiness of it. Good girls don't take it up the ass. How wonderfully nasty must Bella have felt, letting another man than her husband give her this first experience.
"And then?" she pushed, addicted to the details of Bella's anal deflowering.
Ben groaned, struggling to hold back as he brought forward Bella's words. "She screamed that I should fuck her harder. She began chanting that she was a slut. That I should use her ass."
His words were too much for Vanessa. She felt her body convulse as the orgasm took her.
"Thank you!" she screamed. "Thank you for making her a slut wife!"
To be continued...
A big thanks to Ravenna for valuable editing comments.