All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica.
It was a sad day for Mark Scott. His wife Sarah found out that he let his little head take over for the head on his shoulders. He had a one-night stand with a woman he met at a meeting. It was Mark himself with a bad case of the guilts that told Sarah about his momentary lapse of judgement and he was very sorry.
Sarah was heartbroken and couldn't get over his adulterous coupling, being a very religious lady, she could not get over his betrayal and filed for divorce. That was twenty-two years ago, after they had been married for seven years. He has not gotten over the breakup and never remarried. Sarah on the other hand married a year after she was divorced and has an eighteen-year-old son by her second husband.
A little about Sarah, she is five-foot-eight tall, black hair to about a foot below her shoulders. She weighs in at one-thirty, her measurements are thirty-four, twenty-four, thirty-six. Sarah wears clothes befit a professional woman. Her religious upbringing, caused her to be uptight about the public display of affection, which was the only complaint Mark had about his former wife.
Richard Greene took over his father's Real Estate Business, Greene Properties, after he graduated from college. He built it beyond his father's vision, into a multi-million-dollar Business, but it was all leveraged to the max.
Sarah worked as an accountant when she started going with Richard Greene after her divorce. Rick talked her into getting her realtor's license and they had a profitable business until Rick had the bright idea against his wife's warning, to buy a blighted neighborhood in Albany and rebuild it. There was only one problem. He knew how to sell properties, but he had no knowledge how to rebuild a neighborhood.
Along came Chuck Waterman who was a project manager and could put together the project for Greene Properties. "Give me five hundred thousand and I could make this neighborhood into a gold mine for us Rick." Chuck said in his best snake oil salesman persona.
Sarah ran numbers, and she told her husband that there was no way that Chuck could pull it off for less than one million five hundred thousand. "We have to take risks to make money!" Rick said in a demeaning way to his wife.
Now we need to give you, insight into Mark's proclivities. He married Sarah after he graduated from college. She was in her second year and twenty years old. Mark was two years older than her. He started a consulting company, and she became an accountant after graduation. Sarah was shy, he was more worldly than her. He brought her along to become sexually adapt in the bedroom, but he longed to have a wife who was more worldly and less inhibited in public.
An upside to her shyness though. She wanted him to go with her to all her well woman physicals once a year. He became interested in the medical fetish because of this. It has gone unfulfilled since she left, he hasn't been with any woman more than a few times and only when he needed his pipes cleaned. He concentrated on building his business as he was still in love with Sarah.
The blighted properties in Albany caused Greene Properties to lose all their money. Waterman swindled Richard out of all the cash he could and disappeared.
Rick became despondent and abusive to his wife and son.
PRESENT DAY: It was Monday afternoon, and Mark was in Albany when he received a call from an unknown number. He debated whether to answer it. Mark was waiting for an important call, so answered.
"Hi is this, Mark Scott?" A familiar feminine voice asked.
"Yes, it is. How can I help." Mark said as he tried to place the sexy voice.
"This is Sarah I just wanted to find out how you're doing."
"Sarah, oh my lord, how are you doing? It is so good to hear your voice." Mark babbled in excitement. He hadn't heard from her in twenty years. He was too embarrassed to call her.
"I am doing Okay."
"Sarah you are not doing Okay. I can hear it in your voice."
"Mark you're right I am not okay." She cried on the phone.
"Where are you, I will come to you." Mark said fearing the worst.
She gave him the address of the Denny's on Wolf Road. Mark was on Computer Drive right near at a meeting. He said to the people in the meeting. "I have to leave I have a pressing issue I have to take care of." Picked up his computer, his briefcase and left.
He arrived at Denny's in five minutes to find Sarah sitting in a booth wiping her eyes.
"What is the matter, Sarah." He asked as he sat next to her and put his arm around her protectively. "She looks and smells so good." He thought as he berated himself for losing her.
Sarah told her story to Mark about the failed business venture and taken advantage of by Chuck. Unbeknown to Sarah, Mark was unlucky in love but very good in business, he has amassed a fortune in the last twenty years.
"We are going to lose our house and business in the next month if we don't come up with fifty-thousand dollars."
The wheels in Mark's head started turning. The fifty grand wasn't a problem, but what does he want from Sarah in return? "Sarah I can come up with the fifty grand no problem, but why couldn't you get the note from a bank?"
"They have given us all they can, but I was thinking we would need one hundred thousand dollars so I will have some money to get back on our feet." Sarah admitted with a smile.
"So, you need one hundred grand not only fifty? I can still do that for you."
"I will tell Rick that you will give us the money." Sarah said as she started to reach for her cell.
"Hold on Sarah. I said I can give you the money. I don't want to deal with Rick I want to deal with you."
"Okay as long as I can get the money in a couple of weeks."
Mark had enough sense to realize that the money will be gone when he gave it to Sarah, so he had to produce a plan. He wanted something out of this transaction but what. It hit him like a ton of bricks he knew what he would do. "Sarah, I don't believe I will get paid back for this loan, so I will give money to you as a grant. What I would want from you is that you undergo a complete medical examination in my presence with whomever I want to be there to watch."
"You are out of your mind Mark! You want to see me naked. You don't want to help me, out of the goodness of your heart!" Sarah said in an angry voice as she got up and left.
"Well, that worked out well!" He laughed. "She will call me back." He thought.
It was less than twenty-four hours later, and his phone rang. "Hello this is Mark."
"Mark, I need the money, so I will do as you ask, but it isn't right." Sarah whined.
"You're right Sarah it wasn't right what I offered. I wasn't thinking clearly. I have had time to think it over, so here is my new offer. Fifty thousand gets you up to date and you will have to go through a complete examination. Furthermore, I will give you twelve thousand five hundred a month for ten months that you will personally pick up from me each month."
"You're going back on your word Mark Scott. That is not fair, what more will I have to do. I am going to tell my husband about this.
"You will not tell your husband about any of this if you want the money from me. It will be a business deal the commission will be fifty thousand and twelve thousand five hundred a month for ten months my lawyer will draw up the contract and you will be the only contact with me is that understood."
"Yes, as long as I get the fifty thousand in three weeks."
"You will my dear. Oh, I have a question for you? Do you shave your pubic hair?"
"Why do you ask that? That is a very personal question you pervert."
"I like to see a hairy beaver. I don't like women to look like little kids down there."
"You're in luck I don't shave, only neaten up my 'vajaja'." She whispered in embarrassment.
"Great I will have a contract sent over for the fifty grand along with the rest of the commission. Good seeing you the other day Sarah and glad I can help you. I still love you; you know!"
This stunned Sarah. "Is that why you never married?"
"Yes, I have compared all the women I have gone with to you, and I haven't found any lady that comes close to your beauty and personality."
"Why thank you Mark that is sweet. Give me a call with the details when you have everything ready." The last remark made her happy she has not gotten complement's like that in a long time from her second husband.
"A woman named Sandra Less will contact you with all the information, so your husband will not wonder what you are doing talking to me. I really don't want to get you into any trouble. Everything will be done on the down low. Bye for now Sarah."
Sarah was shocked that she suddenly felt comfortable with this arrangement. Mark has this all thought out and she will not lose her house.
There was an Asian OBGYN that Mark helped out on Henry Johnson BLVD a while ago, so he called Dr Vin and explained what he wanted done. It was set up for the following Saturday. Mark called a photographer so that the exam will be documented, and videotaped.
Sandra Less called Sarah. "Hi Sarah, this is Sandra Less, Mark wants you to come to Albany this Friday at three PM, there will be a room for you at the Marriott Hotel on Wolf Rd in Albany. Saturday you will get your commission check, figure on a full day."
Sarah lives in Plattsburgh NY, so that would work. As soon as Sandra called her, she relayed the information to her husband.
His only comment was. "That's great we need the money. I have a weekend golf tournament. You have a good meeting." He said as he turned on the TV in the family room.
Sarah was pissed, because of his hairbrained scheme she will be naked for the day Saturday in front of an unknown group of people. Her most intimate areas will be examined. She didn't even talk to her husband for the rest of the week and their bedroom antics were nil. She arose early Friday morning and was on her way to Albany by nine AM. She called Mark. "I will be in town by noon today."
"Great Sarah how did it go with Rick?"
"He, told me, to have a great weekend he is playing golf all weekend. We are about to lose our house and he is playing golf. Moron! I have to get naked and who knows what else to get the money." Sarah blustered.
Mark was feeling guilty presently. "She doesn't deserve what I am doing to her. It sounded like a good Idea to begin with, but I will have to talk to Sarah about this." He thought. "Do you want to have lunch in town with me?" He asked.
"Sure, where can we go?"
"Twelve at Olive Garden on Wolf Rd?"
"Sounds good I will meet you there."
Mark rolled in at ten to twelve and Sarah was right in back of him. They got out of their vehicles together and walked into the restaurant. "Table for two in the corner."
"Sure, follow me." The greeter said and sat them at a table in the corner away from everyone.
Mark looked embarrassed. "What's the matter." Asked Sarah.
"I thought it was a good Idea Sarah. I remember when I went with you to the doctors and I really enjoyed it when the doctor was between your legs, but I really couldn't see what he was doing. Now I am making you do this, so I can see how the exam is done. It isn't right to force this on you." He explained.
Sarah was pissed at her husband for this mess and grateful to Mark that he will bail her out. She reached across the table. "Mark you are saving me from being out in the street, which is more than I can say about my husband. He is more interested in playing golf than to fix his fuckup. This is the least I can do to make up for the money you are giving me that I may not be able to re-pay." She confided in Mark as she held his hand.
"So, you're okay with the arrangement?"
"Yes, as long as it doesn't get out that I am doing this."
"Sarah my lawyer will come to the hotel room with documents to sign at three." Mark said he was ecstatic that Sarah has agreed to do this. He was glad she will consent to do this, because he did not have the heart to coerce her to do his bidding.
They caught up on their lives over the last twenty years. Mark found out that she has an eighteen-year-old son who will be graduating from high school.
They left the Olive Garden at two thirty and went to the Hotel down the street. The room was in the name of Scott Consultants.
When Sarah saw the paperwork for the room, she said. "Mark I am not sleeping with you; you have to get your own room.
"Sarah look, at the paper there are two rooms with an adjoining door. You can lock it from your side. "
"Oh, sorry I didn't see that." She said
Mark brought their overnight bags to the rooms on the sixth floor. He gave Sarah the larger room with the sitting area, and he took the small room. He went through to the other side and showed Sarah how to lock the door from her side.
About ten minutes later there was a knock on the hall door. Sarah went to it and opened it to find Walter Farr on the other side with his briefcase. "Hi Walter, you're still Mark's lawyer after all these years?"
"Yes, I am Sarah, and you are still a beautiful woman. Mark had to be crazy to do what he did to you."
"Yes, he was and has paid for that monumental lack of judgement for the last twenty years." Mark said as he shook Walter's hand.
"Sarah, I have ND (Non-Disclosure) documents to sign, and everyone will sign who are at the exam." Walt stated.
"Wait a minute Mark. I figured their will be a few people at my exam, but I want to know how many people are going to witness my exam?" Sarah said in a panic.
"I don't know, Dr Vin has some people he wanted to give instruction on a GYN exam, there will be a photographer, Walt and me so far."
"What do you mean so far?" Sarah wanted to know.
"Mark, we need a witness for the paperwork." The lawyer said as a way to steer the subject away from the number of people who will witness Sarah's exam.
Mark called down to the concierge. "Can you send someone up here to room six thirty-one."
Fifteen minutes later there was a knock on the door and a young man about twenty entered. "You need something sir?" The young man asked.
"Yes, we need someone to witness the document signing." The lawyer said.
The documents consisted of, The ND, Contract for the commission and the ten months of commissions.
After they were all signed Sarah asked the young man. "What is your name, and do you work here full time?"
"Eric, and I am going to college at NYU Albany, I want to be a doctor."
"Sarah, ask the nice young man if he would like to come with us." Mark said.
"So, you want to be a doctor, have you ever watched an exam?" Sarah's asked, her voice cracked.
Sarah looked at Mark and then stated. "Are you working tomorrow?"
"No, I have the day off."
"Would you like to see a woman be given a GYN exam?" Sarah surprised herself by asking the young man to be at her exam and the type of exam she will have.
"You're kidding right, I would love to."
"Give the young man an ND document to sign Walter." Sarah said with a laugh.
"Can I bring other students that are in the medical program also?"
"Sure, why not, the more the merrier." Sarah said she has resigned herself to the fact that she will be nude in front of a large group. She realized that she was excited to have a group of men watch her exam. Sarah rationalized, she needs to do this to save her house from foreclosure, but in reality, she is excited to expose her feminine charms to the group.
With all the papers signed Sarah said. "Eric, can you bring our dinner order up to our room when it is ready?"
"Do you want to stay for dinner with us Walt?" Sarah asked.
"Yes, that would be great Martha my wife is out of town on business."
They gave Eric the order for their dinner. "It will be up here in an hour or so." He said as he left.
"I am going to take a shower." Sarah said. This was a way to expose her body to the men in the room and get used to being naked in a group setting.
"Okay we will go into the other room, when your done come in there." Mark said.
"No need to. It would be easier to set up for dinner here." Sarah said as she grabbed a nighty from her overnight case and went into the bathroom that had a king size shower.
Both men were conversing about the debacle that was to be Richard Greene's money maker when Sarah came in the room. She was wearing a red negligee that came to her knees when she stood up, with a pair of red panties. Her hair coiffured to perfection, and she had on red heels.
Both men stood up, stunned by her beauty. They took in all her feminine charms that were on display.
"What's the matter boys, you have never seen a lady before?"
"You are absolutely gorgeous Sarah." Mark said.
Being a lawyer Walt said. "I second the motion."
That brought a laugh from the group and broke the ice. Mark and Walt sat on each side of Sarah. They conversed and Sarah remembered the good times she had with Mark. He was still very reliable; he has bailed her out of trouble. She was very thankful to him for doing this even though she will lose her modesty before she receives the much-needed check. She was determined to make the exam the best she can for him.
There was a knock on the door, Sarah arose and went to the door. Eric with three other young men were at the door with the group's dinner. They stopped to take in the mature woman's beauty, and she stood in the doorway and let them view her charms. She was having fun!
"Sarah can these guys come to your exam also?" Eric asked
"They have to sign the ND document." Walter said, as he went to his briefcase and pulled out three more forms, he had a premonition he would need many forms and was glad he had them available. The young men signed them, and Eric witnessed them.
"We will probably have to get a theater for my exam if the group gets any larger." Sarah shivered. "This is really going to happen." She thought.
At nine Walter left and Mark went to his room removed his slacks, went in to take a shower in his bathroom. He put on a pair of cutoff PJ bottoms and a tee.
Sarah knocked on the door. "Can I come in?"
"Sure, but there is only the bed to sit on we would be more comfortable in your suite?"
"Yes you're probably right." She said and they went into the sitting room and watched Hawaii five O and Blue Blood.
"Time to go to bed as you know it's Sarah's big day tomorrow." Mark said.
She shivered at the thought she will be completely naked and her most intimate areas probed by an unknown doctor. In front of a group of men who will be able to count the pimples on her body and the number of pubic hairs on her mound. As she thought about her coming exposure. Well, she tossed and turned, and at about two AM she knocked on the door to Mark's room. "Mark are you up?"
"Oh, Sarah I am so sorry for cheating on you, I am very dumb." He mumbled.
"Mark it is Okay, Mark!" She said. "He is dreaming." She thought.
"What, Sarah what are you doing here. Why are you in my room."
"Mark, do you mind if I lay down here with you. I am so terrified about the coming exam tomorrow." She said as she got into bed with Mark and cuddled with him. She felt safe and fell asleep after only minutes.
It was a while before Mark fell asleep. He held Sarah. "She smells so good and feels good too!" He thought as he fell asleep with his arm around her protectively.
It was seven am when Mark awoke and found Sarah in bed with him. He thought he was dreaming last night but it was true. She slept with him!
Mark called to concierge and had breakfast brought up. He still remembered what Sarah liked. It was another half hour before they delivered breakfast. The smell of coffee awoke Sarah. She came in the room. "She looked so sexy with her hair mussed up and no makeup. The nightie she wore left little to the imagination." Mark thought.
The young man from room service was in the room setting up their breakfast. Sarah not mindful of how much she showed stood and watched. The young man, flustered to have a beautiful mature woman his mother's age standing with the light coming through the window, he could make out her nipples and a shadow of pubic hair. The young man left with an erection he tried to secretly adjust. Mark gave him a tip as he left.
Sarah sat down and Mark poured a cup of coffee for her. After they finished their breakfast, Sarah took a shower and came out in a matching white bra and pantie set. "How do you want me to dress Mark?"
He turned and was stunned to see her in just her lingerie and couldn't talk for a minute, he took in her beauty. "Ah-ah as you would when you go to the doctors." He finally found his voice to give her direction.
"Boy, am I going to have fun with these guys, if they all get as flustered as Mark and the young man from room service did." She thought with a giggle.
"What was, that laugh about?"
"Oh nothing, I will put on a skirt and blouse do you want me to wear stockings?"
"As long as they aren't pantie hose."
"I have some thigh highs I can put on." Sarah said as she went into the bedroom. She came out with her clothes, sat in a chair to put on her thigh highs. She spread her legs, tufts of black curly pubs showed on the side of her panties and Mark could also see the bulge of her pussy lips.
She looked up in time to see him looking. "See anything you like?"
"Yes, the whole package is outstanding."
"Wow, a girl could enjoy your company. Too bad you couldn't keep it in your knickers when we were married. I want to know why you haven't married?" Sarah acted like a lawyer and asked this question again to see what the answer will be this time.
"I have been looking for a lady to marry, but I haven't found anyone who I enjoy being with. You ruined me because I haven't found anyone like you to marry."
She laughed, stood up put on her skirt and blouse, buttoned it slipped into her shoes with three-inch heels. "I'm ready as I will ever be Mark."
They left Wolf Road and headed into town down Albany Shaker Rd to Henry Johnson boulevard. Mark explained. "Sarah, I have a friend of mine who is a doctor, that I helped out a while ago. He will be giving you the exam."
When they turned off Henry Johnson the buildings became more dilapidated. "Where are you taking me Mark this looks like the area that my husband bought to repair. I hope I don't get mugged." Sarah stated in fright.
"Not to worry we are almost there and besides you're with me." He stated to calm her.
They stopped in front of a storefront that stated. "Asian Medical Center." The building was as rundown as the rest of the neighborhood.
Sarah was worried. "You sure it is safe to leave your car here?"
"Yes, it is daytime." Mark stated with a chuckle.
Mark opened the door for Sarah she got out of the vehicle, and they walked up the steps to the door Marked 'Clinic'.
The interior was much nicer than the outside. A woman was at the reception desk. The name on her name tag was Aki. "You must be Sarah Greene. You are the only appointment today for Doctor Lin."
"Hi, yes, I am Mrs. Greene. "
"Mark how have you been, I haven't seen you since you helped the doctor out a few years ago."
Mark said. "I am well."
"I will let the doctor know you're here." Aki said as she went into the back corridor.
A few minutes later a heavyset Asian man about sixty came into reception. He walked up to the dumbfounded woman and stated "Hi Mrs. Greene I am doctor Lin." He said and put out his hand to shake hers.
"Hi Doctor glad to meet you." Sarah squeaked her face red with embarrassment. "The least Mark could have done is gotten a nice-looking doctor." Sarah thought in humiliation.
Just then in came Walter right on time. "Hi all, I have the paperwork you requested Doctor before you start Sarah's exam."
"Now what do I have to sign? Can't we just get this over with!" Sarah said in frustration.
"I want to make sure you will not sue me and that you're doing this exam of your own free will." The doctor stated.
"Okay give me the paperwork and a pen Walter." Sarah said as she took the paperwork and signed both documents without reading them and handed them back to the lawyer. "There done, now can we start before I change my mind." She added with fear, and embarrassment as much as she was feeling excited by her complete exposure to come. "I am going to be naked in front of all the guys and it is exciting me." She thought in recognition of the fact that she always wanted to do something like this, but her inhibitions stopped her. Now she has a good reason to proceed with her fantasy.
The Doctor, Lawyer, and Mark were conversing about the best way to go forward, Mark stated "I only want to move forward if Sarah is okay to proceed. I will pay all expenses if she is not comfortable with this medical scenario." As he felt guilty to put Sarah in this situation. "I still love her!" He admitted in his mind.
Sarah was not listening she was in her own world. "I remember the great sex we had after my exams that Mark attended. I really liked the adventure and to be completely nude in front of people." She thought with a smile.
Mark looked at Sarah. "What do you think?"
"About What?" She asked confused.
"About your coming exam. I don't want you to do this unwillingly. I want you to enjoy the coming exam. I can't let you go through this if this will humiliate you. I will still give you the money." Mark said as he handed Sarah the cashier's check for fifty thousand dollars.
"Oh, Mark thank you!" She said as she turned to him and gave him a big hug and a passionate kiss on the lips. Remembering she was in public and married to another man she looked at the group in embarrassment and said. "Oh, I am so sorry Mark."
"Don't be Sarah that was the greatest thank you I have ever received." Mark grinned and he continued. "Doc, I think we are done here thank you for everything." Mark said in a disappointed voice.
"Mark, wait, I will do it for you." Sarah croaked in a whisper.
"What did you say? You want to have the examination, even though you have the money?" Mark asked as he didn't think he heard her properly.
With more resolve in her voice and posture. "Yes, I want to do this for you." Sarah acknowledged.
"Can everyone stay to watch?"
"I guess so." And then with a smile. "If that is what you want, I am good with that." Sarah said in a confident voice.
"I want the exam taped also. Is that Okay with you?" Mark asked with astonishment and excitement.
"What are you going to do with the video Mark?"
"I am going to watch it every time I get lonely for you, Sarah." He stated with emotion.
She didn't expect that remark and said. "Okay if it is for your enjoyment I will allow it, but who will be taking the video?"
Mark opened the door to the hall. "Steve come on in." In walked the photographer with a young man who brought in photographic equipment.
"What are you doing here Steve and Eric?" Sarah asked and then realized. "Mark, I use Steve to take photos of houses and our family. I don't want him to see me nude."
Mark turned red he didn't realize this. "I didn't know that, and it is too late to find someone else. I will have him sign the ND documents. You won't tell anyone about this will you Steve?"
"Hell Mark, and Sarah if I did, no one would believe me anyway." Steve answered with a laugh.
"I guess you're right Steve. Okay as long as Mark gets all the images." Sarah said with a shiver as she knows her exposure is getting closer.
About this time six Asian men showed up ages from twenty to older than sixty. The group of medical students numbering five were in back of them. Mark, The Lawyer, two photographers, the doctor. So, all in all there were Sixteen men, the woman receptionist, and the star for the day Sarah.
The lawyer made sure he had all the signed documents needed and then said. "Mark we can begin now."
In his best productor persona Mark directed. "Sarah, I want you to go outside in the hall and come in. Steve, I want you to video as she comes in the door and goes to the reception desk. Action!" He called.
Sarah entered the waiting room and went to the reception desk. "Mrs. Greene to see the doctor." She figured she would use her name as no one with see this video but Mark.
"Please fill out the paperwork and the doctor will be right with you." The receptionist said.
Sarah sat down after she received the documents.
"Cut!" Mark said. "Steve, I want you to take video of the doctor talking to Sarah." He gave a general script to the doctor beforehand of what he wanted.
"Steve, I want you to start taping, Action"
Sarah stood and brought the paperwork to the desk; on cue the Doctor came out. "Hello Mrs. Greene, I am doctor Lin. How are you doing today?"
"I am well thanks for asking."
"I would like to ask a favor. I have a group of students I would like to have participate in your exam. Do you have a problem with this?"
"Cut!" Mark said as he could see Sarah react negatively to the Statement.
"I knew the group was going to watch I didn't think they were going to participate in my exam Mark?"
"Well, if you don't want them to, that is okay. I want you to enjoy this as you did when you went to the doctors when I was married to you. I wanted a video to watch that showed your enjoyment."
The group of young college students were excited, when they heard they will actually examine the mature woman intimately.
Sarah didn't say anything for a few minutes, she looked at Mark, the doctor, the group of students, and the group of men in the exam room. She turned red and said. "Okay, as long as you're the only person to have the video."
"You will let everyone mimic the doctor during the exam?" Mark asked incredulously.
"I guess it will be alright for everyone to take part in my exam."
Mark called "Action".
"Mrs. Green we will enter the exam room now." The doctor said as he led Sarah into the large examination room.
Steve took video and his assistant took stills of the progress of the exam.
Sarah walked into a large room and looked around. To one side out of the view of the camera were the observers in chairs. Diagonally across from them was the exam table, a counter with a sink, and a rolling table with instruments covered by a cloth. On the other side was a clothes tree next to the exam table.
"Mrs. Greene this exam is fashioned after the European exam protocol."
"What does that mean doctor."
"You will strip completely and no gowns are provided for your exam. You can remove your garments and hang them on the clothes tree." The doctor explained.
"Of course, I should have known." She thought as she walked to the area to disrobe. "Now we are getting to the point of my total exposure in this video." Sarah thought as she started to remove her blouse, and skirt. Hooked them on the hanger, reached in back and unhooked her bra, hung that up and slipped out of her panties. Sarah after some thought removed her shoes and thigh highs, she wanted to be naked for this exam. She did a full frontal and showed the group her trimmed bush. She was red with embarrassment, but also extremely excited to see the men and one woman give her their undivided attention. She realized what she missed being married to her current husband. "Mark was more cognizant of her likes, dislikes and knows what turns her on. He adored me." She thought as she stood there in all her naked glory. The admiring looks from males in a setting such as this gave her boundless joy, she was the center of attention and in control.
"Sarah, I want you to proceed to the exam couch and sit on it. I will help you put your feet in the stirrups, and we will go over the paperwork you filled out."
With little embarrassment, but intense excitement, Sarah walked to the exam couch, sat on it, and was helped into the stirrups. She didn't give any thought that this was unnecessary exposure of her vaginal area. The doctor looked over the paper she filled out and asked questions. All present, took in her naked and totally exposed being throughout the fifteen-minute exchange between the two. On her part her excitement was climbing swiftly, she could feel her pussy lips engorging, and she could tell by the cool air on her vagina she was very wet.
The college students have never seen a mature woman spread out in person and only a few feet from them. They were mesmerized by her lady lips and enjoyed the extended length of time her pussy was exposed to the group. The doctor took pains to position himself in a way to make sure he didn't obscure the view of the mature ladies pussy, while he was questioning her.
The photographers took stills and video throughout the lengthy verbal exchange.
"Sarah, I want you to stand please." The doctor directed as he helped her out of her exposed position.
Sarah stood straight with her head held high as the doctor said. "I will examine your back, shoulders, and arms." As he proceeded.
"I will ask for assistance from all present, would that be okay with you?" The doctor asked with uncertainty.
This last statement brought Sarah to the realization that everyone will actually touch her intimately, but she replied. "Yes, anything for science."
With Sarah's approval the doctor said. "Okay everyone, line up, and mimic my actions during the exam."
The group lined up and one by one, after the doctor explained what to do, they examined her back, shoulders, and arms, with the doctor watching and correcting them as they went.
Some of the men took liberties and rubbed down the crack of her bottom and across her brown star. She did not mind it as they lovingly touched her naked skin.
As for Sarah she was excited to have all the men and one woman examine her. Everyone caressed her with care, which brought unwanted moisture to her lady lips, to her utter embarrassment.
Mark could see her turn red with embarrassment. "Cut" he said to the photographers, as he thought this part of the exam humiliated her by her facial expression. "Sarah, you don't have to do this you have the money. You look humiliated." Mark stated with empathy.
"Can I talk to Mark for a minute." Sarah asked as the started to walk into the reception area for privacy, as Mark followed behind. "Mark, I am not embarrassed being naked and examined. I am humiliated that I'm so horny and I am about to have my excitement running down my leg." She whispered to him.
"Oh, yes you are excited. I can smell the sweet scent of your pheromones presently." He whispered back with a smile. "You can stop any time you want to." He reiterated.
"I don't want to." She whispered with a shudder of excitement as she walked back into the exam room. "Now he knows I am turned on by my exposure to the group." She thought embarrassed.
"Next we will do the breast exam, Action." Mark called confident that Sarah is enjoying her exposure.
The videographer captured the action, and his assistant was taking the stills.
"Sarah we are going to give you a breast exam, will you agree to have all present follow my instructions and each each give you the exam also?"
"Yes, I want to help train future medical personnel." She stated, but in reality, Sarah loves to have her breast played with. There was enthusiastic help from all in the room to give her the pleasure she cherished.
"Sarah, I want you to mount the exam table again and we will give you the breast exam." The doctor said as he adjusted the back of the table to a comfortable position for Sarah and to her excitement helped her put her feet in the stirrups.
"I will be totally exposed while I receive my breast exam." She thought gleefully.
The doctor used circular motions on her breast to make sure there were no lumps or bumps and tweaked her nipples, which cause a moan from his patient. "Okay form a line one on each side of the patient and massage' her breasts as I did.
Each of the men gleefully massaged the naked woman's breast and the woman did this for practice also. The young men from the college were very appreciative that Sarah asked them to be at her exam. They were actually going to massage' the breast of the woman. They could not believe their good luck when they went to the room at the hotel that fateful day not long ago.
As each one of the men examined Sarah they thanked her after they finished.
As for Sarah when the fifth person started to rub her breast, she had a screaming orgasm. "AHAHAHAH, that AHAHAHA, feels so good!" She screamed with her legs spread wide everyone could see her orgasm as it ran down her legs.
Sarah slid down the exam table this caused her legs to spread wider to show her wet, engorged pussy lips. They were wet with her cum, and it ran between her legs onto the exam table. The doctor let her enjoy her orgasm.
Sarah finally came back down from her orgasmic high to see everyone focused on her naked charms and she was embarrassed not she was so exposed, but embarrassed she came in public. Until now she thought orgasms should be private between lovers.
"Well, that was a first for me to cum just having my breasts examined and in front of a large crowd." The embarrassed naked woman stated, her complexion was red from the top of her head to pussy lips, which were plainly visible to all.
The photographer captured video for posterity, her intensive orgasm, along with stills of her performance. Actually, it was for Marks continued enjoyment.
"Sarah, I have a new camera that Mark purchased for the Clinic to investigate the interior of your vagina to your cervix. Would you agree to let me use it to demonstrate it to the assembled group?" The doctor asked.
"Well of course Mark purchased the pussy camera for you, and I would be delighted if you inserted it in my pussy to show everyone what I look like internally. Hell, I want to see what I look like internally also." Sarah laughed and she positioned herself in the stirrups with some help from the two men in front of her. She spread her legs wide to make sure everyone had a good view of her pussy.
On the wall was a fifty-four-inch flat screen TV powered up, the wand which attached to a computer and powered it up. The instrument looked like a pecker about twelve inches long and two inches in diameter, with a clear head on it. The doctor inserting the fake pecker in Sarah and the interior of her pussy came into view in larger-than-life detail. All present, when they saw the interior were mesmerized by the beauty of her pussy. This included Sarah, all her life she has never seen inside her sex organ. She has only seen photos.
The view of Sarah's cervix. "The external OS can be seen that is where the sperm enters." The doctor pointed out.
The five young men from the hotel were the most impressed with the beautiful naked older woman and when they saw the interior of her flower of life in such detail they almost came in their pants.
The group happily used the camera as an artificial cock. They pumped it in and out of the mature woman's pussy this caused pleasurable mini-orgasms as they used the instrument on her.
Sarah was in the exam position for a half hour before she had another massive orgasm. She slumped down with her legs spread wider and her orgasm trickled out of her pussy onto the exam couch.
The photographer took closeups of Sarah's pussy as she lay comatose after her massive orgasm.
After Sarah came back to earth the doctor said to her. "Sarah we will dispense with the speculum exam as the camera exam was reliable enough to determine you have a health birth canal. Next I will show the group how to do a bimanual exam on your vagina." The doctor donned exam gloves as did all there present except Mark and Walter.
"Sarah noted this and said. "Mark and Walt I don't mind if you examine me also."
" I am married." Walt said.
"I know what happened the last time I fooled around with a married woman, so no I'm good." Mark said as he was still traumatized from his breakup with Sarah.
Sarah looked around with a satisfied grin as she waited for her bimanual exam to start. There was only one limp dick in the group she could see and that was the woman receptionist.
The doctor had each man and one woman give Sarah the bimanual. The group of Asian men started. They inserted two fingers from their gloved hand and push down on her stomach so they could feel the interior organs of the mature woman's pussy.
They each thanked her as they finished the exam.
The young men from NYU were delighted with their good fortune to have the pleasure of inserting their fingers into the beautiful mature woman who most likely was there mother's age.
They thanked her also after they finished their exam on her.
The Bimanual exam caused Sarah to have another orgasm. All her orgasms were captured on film.
The final and most embarrassing part of the exam was the rectal. The doctor had Sarah on her knees, legs spread, with her pussy exposed, her breast hanging down, and everyone inserted their fingers in her brown star in the name of a complete physical.
"We are done with your physical, and I can give you a clean bill of health." The doctor stated with a smile.
Everyone gave Sarah a round of applause for being a good sport to be examined in front of the group.
As everyone was leaving Mark came to Sarah. "Let me help you dress, thank you for this." He said as he helped her with her bra and panties, gave her clothes to her and helped her with her shoes.
The videographer gave Mark all the thumb drives of photos and Mark paid him. They moved the equipment out.
Sarah went to the doctor and his nurse. "Thank you for the exciting time." She said to the doctor. "I want you to forget today ever happened, Steve." She said to the photographer with a giggle.
"Yeah, right Sarah, every time I see you, I am going to know how beautiful you really are." Steve said.
"Why thank you kind sir." Sarah said as she entered Mark's vehicle for the ride to the hotel. The couple were quiet for about five minutes and then Sarah asked. "Can I stay tonight also; Rick will probably be home late and drunk."
Mark glanced over at Sarah; he knew she wasn't telling him something. "What is the matter. I remember that look. You are not telling me everything."
"Rick gets abusive when he drinks, to me and our son." Sarah stated in tears.
"Where is your son tonight? Will Rick take out his frustration on him?"
"Probably staying at a friend's house. To stay out of his father's way tonight."
"You better call him and find out."
"You're right Mark." Sarah said. "I wish Mark was RJ's father." She thought as she dialed her son's cell.
"Hi Mom, are you coming home tonight?" Her son asked when he saw who called him.
"No, I'm not. Where are you staying tonight?"
"I'm at Kevin's house I don't want to be home with dad he will probably be shitfaced and get nasty." Her son said.
"Okay I have some work to finish here and will be home by five or so tomorrow." Sarah told her son. She regretted that she lied to him.
They arrived at the hotel, Mark parked the car and opened the door for Sarah.
"Don't think you will get lucky tonight I am a married woman." She laughed as she took his arm, and they went to their room.
"I have gone that route before and it didn't work out well." Mark quipped as they went to their room.
"I am going to take a shower." Sarah said as she started to strip before Mark closed the door.
"I will be in my room when you're ready to go out for dinner." Mark said as he turned to walk into his room. He regretted what he put the love of his life through today.
"Mark, you can stay in here if you like. In fact, I want you to stay here, you can come into the bathroom, and we can talk, while I shower." Sarah requested with a gloomy facial expression.
Mark turned back to Sarah and watched as she removed the remainder of her clothes. He followed the gorgeous naked lady into the bathroom. Mark sat on the head as Sarah adjusted the shower and got in. He watched as she cleansed her body.
"Why don't you come in here to wash my back, Mark?"
"You know why, your married and I destroyed one marriage when I thought with my dick and that won't happen again my dear." Mark stated with determination.
Sarah finished her shower and exited. "Can you at least wipe my back down for me and my bottom?" She teased him without mercy. Sarah could see he was excited.
He took the towel and wiped her back down, buns, her legs and gave her the towel. She walked into the sitting room nude.
Mark stood admired his ex-wife's beauty, his cock was so hard he didn't have enough skin left to close his eyes. "I will be in my room while you get ready to go out for dinner." He stated as he left the room. Mark could not take another minute of Sarah's teasing. He was about to blow a load in his pants. Mark was amazed she was comfortable in her nudity. He thought back to Sarah's exposure today, she delighted in the way all the men looked at her while she was nude.
When he entered his room Mark went to his bathroom, stripped off his bottoms, and brought himself off manually. It took less than a minute he was so excited. "I haven't done anything like this since I was in high school, but I needed to do it, or I will attack Sarah." He though embarrassed.
A few minutes later:
"Where are you, Mark." He heard as he put himself back together after he relieved the pressure in his balls. Mark opened the door to find a nude Sarah standing in his room.
"Don't you think you should put on clothes my dear?"
"If you want me to I will but I like being nude around you."
"I thought we were going out for dinner?"
"I rather have dinner in our room."
"Okay, I will order room service then." Mark went to the phone, called down and ordered.
Sarah went to her room and came back with a white see-through nightie that went to her knees. It enhanced her figure but didn't hide anything. You could see her rigid nipples, her pussy hair, and her backside with little difficulty. "Is this better?" She smiled.
"Oh yes you look positively divine. The bellhop will love your outfit."
Mark sat on the couch and Sarah curled up next to him. Good thing he stroked a load off! "I was foolish to divorce you for one little slip up. I can understand what you went through at the time, because I am very horny right now and my pussy is taking over for common sense." She explained as she cuddled closer to her ex-husband and started to rub her breasts and pussy.
It took her a few minutes to give herself a screaming orgasm in front of Mark. "I am going to cum." Sarah said as she worked three fingers rapidly in and out of her pussy. "AHAHAHAHA!" She screamed in orgasm. "Another first for me mastrabating in front of someone." Sarah giggled as she snuggled up to Mark her legs spread with her pussy showing. "You want a taste?" She asked as she brought the fingers she had in her pussy to his lips.
He couldn't resist and rationalized. "I am not fucking her. I am just tasting her excitement and providing a cleansing service for her fingers." He thought as he excitedly licked his ex-wife's fingers clean.
It was about an hour and a half before the meal arrived at the room. Mark started to get up to go to the door when there was a knock.
"I will get the door." Sarah went to the door swung it open wide and stood there while the young man with his back to her brought in the rolling cart with the meal on it.
He turned and ran smack into Sarah's left breast with his head as he bent over to move the cart. He looked at the mature woman's breast and then up at her face. "I am so sorry I didn't see you there." The bellhop apologized; fearful he will lose his job.
"Don't worry young man. I just want to know was it as good for you as it was for me?" Sarah asked the stunned bellhop with a giggle.
The bellhop was speechless when he finally looked at the lingerie clad mature beauty in front of him. Her naked features in his face. He clumsily pushed the cart to the table and set up their meal while continually glancing at the lightly clad aberration.
After he finished setting up Sarah and Mark thanked the young man and gave him a large tip.
"Thank you." He turned and looked at Sarah. "With all due respect Mam, you are a very beautiful woman." He looked at Mark. "You are a lucky man to be married to her."
"We are not married. We are only friends." Sarah said with a giggle.
The young bellhop walked to the door shaking his head. "They say we are crazy." He shut the door with that remark.
Sarah and Mark laughed at the comment made by the young man on the way out the door. They had a leisurely dinner, while they discussed topics that both were interested in. Sarah forgot as a couple they had mutual interest in many things, unlike Rick and her.
Mark cleaned up and rolled the cart out into the hall.
Mark sat on the couch to watch a movie and Sarah cuddled up to him. "I feel so protected when I am with you. I haven't felt that in a long time with Rick. He is always putting me down. When he drinks, I am afraid of what he will do. When Rick comes home intoxicated, he gets angry and abusive to me." Sarah confided.
It made Mark sad to think he caused Sarah to 'be abused' by her second husband if he kept his pecker in his pants. Sarah would not have left him. He blames himself for her abuse. Mark held Sarah not in a sexual way but protectively as they watched the movie. When is was time for bed Mark started for his room?
"Please sleep with me, I can trust you, I know you will not try to have sex with me." Sarah pleaded.
"Can I trust you Sarah that you will not take advantage of me?" Mark smirked as he went to her bed and kept 'as much' space between them as the bed would allow. He did not want to make the same mistake with her again that destroyed his marriage. Mark was concerned that Sarah was evaluating him to see if he would make love to her if he had the chance. Thus, she would leave his life again. This time forever, which he did not want.
The bed was large enough for five people so there was 'plenty' space between them when they went to bed, but during the night Sarah cuddled up to Mark. "She feels good." He thought when he awoke and found it wasn't a dream.
After breakfast Sarah and Mark took a trip to Lake George and went through the shops on Canada St. It was early April, so not many shops were open. They spent time in Shepard Park and walked along the lake. She put her arm through his as they strolled along and conversed about topics of interest. It was time for Sarah to leave. Mark walked her to the car, she gave him a kiss entered the vehicle and left.
"I will see you the first of the month for my first commission check." She said with a smile and wave as she drove off toward eighty-seven north.
Sarah thought about the wonderful time she had this weekend. She realized Mark still loves her. "I did as he asked, but he let it be my decision." She thought as she understood she needed a reason to be nude but liked to be the only naked lady in the room and center of attention. "Mark really brought out the exhibitionist in me this weekend. I do not feel ashamed of what I did. I could see I controlled the room." She thought. This was the internal conversation she had to rationalize her feelings presently.
It was a sad night for Mark. Sarah has left for home. The one bright spot is he has the videos and photos from the weekend to view when he gets lonely for Sarah. He is concerned that Richard Greene is abusing Sarah, so he will have the PI keep watch on the situation. Mark will give permission to the PI to protect or remove Sarah and her son from danger if necessary.
Sarah thought; the only bright spot for me is that in another few weeks I will see Mark again.
Mark thought; I am glad I set up the grant as I did. I will see Sarah in a few weeks and monthly after that for ten months or longer. I can afford to give her twelve-thousand-five-hundred a month. It is also worth it to me to see her every month.
All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica.