What a wonderful warm spring day in the country. I was walking along the water's edge, as I normally do for my afternoon walk. I could hear the birds singing, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw 2 squirrels chasing each other.
I love this land I live on. I got tired of the city, the noise and the hustle and bustle of every day. It was time to realize my dream of solitude. I really never thought I would become a country girl but I just grew tired of the daily life that just wasn't me anymore. I found this small country house near a river and it was so perfect. I was able to put my personal touches on the house and create something that was just mine, and mine alone.
Alone. I didn't really want to be alone. Sure, I like to be alone, just to hear myself think. But to spend every minute, every meal, every night alone was not what I wanted. I wanted some one to wake up next to every morning and someone to hold me every night while I drifted off to sleep. But I just never found the right man. Some days I just want to quit thinking about Mr. Right, but then I know he is out there somewhere.
I was enjoying the beaming sun. It was so nice out that day. A nice breeze. It helped to make the day so pleasant. It was a little warmer out than I had hoped for. Sometimes it just gets too hot while I am walking. As I was coming to end of my walk, I could see the beautiful bridge that I had built across the water. I had benches installed so I could enjoy the sounds of nature and watch the rushing water. It is truly one of my favorite places to be in this world.
I decide to wade out into the water, just to cool off a bit. Out in the water, lies a large, flat rock. The rock itself is a piece of art. It has colors of rust, golden yellow, and gray on it. The rock is about 4 feet long and 3 feet wide. It sits in water that is a little deeper than 3 feet. I have often sat on my rock and done my day dreaming. I walked out to my rock and sat down. I closed my eyes, just to listen to nature. After sitting for a few minutes, with my feet dangling in the cool water, I was still hot.
I looked around to make sure no one was around. This was silly because I live alone on a large piece of land and no one can get past my front gate. But maybe from living in the big city, I am always watching out for myself. Anyway, I felt the urge to laying on my rock and enjoy the outdoors for a bit. I pulled off my shirt and laid it at the head of the rock for a pillow. When I got dressed this morning, I decided not to put a bra on since I was not expecting any one around today.
I don't have large breasts but they are nice and firm. It felt so nice to have the sun on them, warming them. It was so freeing to let them just enjoy the air. I laid back on my rock. The heat on my back from the rock was fabulous. It was almost too hot but felt so nice. I laid there and just soaked up the sun, my feet still in the cool water. All I had on was my white shorts, oops, I forgot my panties this morning! My fingers reached up and found my nipples, which were hard and erect. I dipped my hands into the flowing water and put some droplets of water on my breasts and nipples. I touched them, ohhhh, feeling so nice. How free to be out here and not worry about being seen.
I laid on my rock, thinking. I started thinking about the last time I was with a man. It had been months ago. It was nothing serious, just an old friend I had run into. We went to dinner and one thing lead to another. It was a pleasant experience but it was purely physical. He had a nice, firm, muscular body, a great personality, and was fun to be with. He was not selfish and loved to please. It was very apparent he was an experienced lover. As I laid here thinking about that night so long ago, I could feel some twitches between my legs. I could feel some warmth, and a little wetness. As I started to feel this, I realized it had been about a week since my clit had had any pleasure. I love to use my toys to please myself. Oh, I would prefer a wonderful lover but when there is no one around, I have to do something! I love taking matters into my own hands.
I opened my eyes and looked around again. I giggled, because I don't know what I was worried about. Just out alone in nature, I thought to myself. No one was around and I had to remind myself of that. I giggled again and said hell with it. I unzipped my shorts and slid them off my ass. I laid back again on my rock and felt so free. I laid there naked! How librating! I closed my eyes and used my hands to feel my body. My warm body in the sun. My nipples were still hard, and my pussy was damp. My hand slid down to touch it. I spread my legs a bit, with the sun beating down on me. How warm, how exciting! I couldn't help myself. I slid my middle finger into my moist pussy. I let out a soft moan, it felt so wonderful. I love to have a finger inside of me. I always have loved that.
As I started to slide my finger in and out of myself, I got a chill of cold water rush between my legs. It felt wonderful. What a contrast to the heat that was inside of me, and the coolness of the water. I loved how this felt. I decided that if I scooted down a little on my rock that the water could just lightly touch my hot spot. Wow! It was like a tickle on my clit. This was wonderful. It was a light touch, like a feather. I laid back and just let the water work its magic. I was starting to get so aroused. I was amazed how turned on I was getting.
I think I laid in the position for about five, six, seven minutes. I had closed my eyes and just enjoyed the water touching me, sometimes lightly, sometimes like a wave. I pulled up my left leg and rested my foot on the rock. I then slid my middle finger into my teased pussy. I was surprised because it actually squeezed my finger, grabbing it! It wanted something inside to wrap around. It felt so wonderful. I started to finger myself, first somewhat slowly, then faster. I heard myself let out a soft moan. I thought about the beautiful, long, hard cock that I had all those months ago. My pussy was quivering when I thought of that cock slowing filling me up, picking up the pace so it was actually plunging into me! How I wanted to feel that again.
I pulled my finger out and started to rub my clit so slowly. I could feel the orgasm building. It had been about a week since I had played with my toys so my clit was ready to release all that tension. I continued rubbing myself, feeling the sun on me and just enjoying the freedom I was feeling. I was teasing my pussy and my clit, going back and forth between the two. I was really getting ready to explode. I could feel the heat between my legs, the wave of tension about to be released. My moaning continued, and now I really rubbed hard against my crotch. I got a surge for electricity and I knew it was time to let myself go. I started to moan loudly, and the orgasm started. It was very intense but I just let my body enjoy all of the sensations of cumming. I love to cum. I have been doing this for a long and know how to make it come on and last as long as I want, and as many times as I want. And once again, I had not let myself down. It felt so nice!
After this surge between my legs calmed down, I laid with my eyes closed. I just took in all of the sounds and smells around me. But my mind wandered back to the nice cock that my pussy got to enjoy. But I reminded myself that was months ago. As I was thinking all of this, I heard a noise. I opened my eyes and looked straight ahead, at my bridge. It was bright out so I couldn't focus my eyes immediately. I closed them again, and then looked again. I thought I was seeing things! I thought I saw someone on the bridge, thinking my eyes were really playing tricks on me. I opened them again and there was someone on the bridge. But who...and oh my God, I am laying naked on my rock. But then I realized who was standing there. It was the friend I had just been fantasizing about, the man I had last been with. He called out my name, and I just laughed!
I started to sit up but he yelled to me to just lay and enjoy myself and the sun. I then saw him unbuttoning his shirt. Oh, that chest! I love that chest...perfect! He then started to walk off the left side of the bridge. It took me a few seconds to realize he was now off the bridge and walking along the shore. He then stopped, looked at me, and smiled. I then saw him pull his pants and shorts off. And then I saw that wonderful cock stand straight up! He was so hard! He stood there naked, and then started to stroke himself. Wow, what a sight to see. And then my pussy twitched! My pussy knew it was going to get exactly what it craved! That long, hard cock! My mind wandered back to that last night I was with him and it made my pussy shiver. He was so good when he fucked me, licked me and sucked on my clit. He stood there continuing to stroke himself and loved watching. He then started to wade out into the water. He walked right up to me, spreading my legs wide. I love having my legs spread. There is something so sexy about it, so inviting to a hard, throbbing cock! He reached for my hips, sliding me a little forward on the rock. He looked me in the eye and said "Oh, Baby, I have been waiting so long for that luscious pussy of yours. I am going to lick it, tease it, and kiss it later tonight. But right now I need to fuck it." Just the words I wanted to hear! I love how he fucks me.
Right then he just slide that cock so easily into my hot, wet pussy. We both moaned so loudly. He then just started to pump me. Faster. Harder. This was heaven! I couldn't believe that this was happening, what timing! What a wild sensation to have this happen while I was on a rock with water all around us. He just continued to slam into me, and I could tell he was lovin' every stroke of it! He was so precise in what he was doing. He slowed down for a moment and then started to pull out of me. He reached down and rubbed some of my juices up to my clit. It was so swollen by this time, so it didn't take much to make it shiver. He moved his fingers in circles around my magic button, and then thrust himself into me as far as he could go. I just yelled out "Fuck me more" and he continued to do as I asked. I could see his body start to tense and sweat. I knew he was getting ready to explode! He pulled his cock out almost all the way. I looked down at it and I could see it throbbing. Oh God, I love a hard, throbbing cock!
He continued to rub my clit and fuck me at the same time. I arched my back up to him and he could tell I was getting ready to cum too. I love letting go when we can do it together. He then slowed his strokes down a bit...for about a minute. This caused me to start to let go. As I was starting to feel my orgasm start, he could tell. He then started to plunge deep inside of me all the while rubbing my clit. I let out a loud moan and then the orgasm came. As I did this, his cock started to pump his hot cum into me. It seemed to last a very long time which was great. After he as done, he pulled his cock out of my very wet pussy, and bent down and licked my clit with his tongue. It took all of two strokes, and I had another very long, hard orgasm. This guy knew his stuff!
I laid on my rock for a minute or two, and then rolled off into the water. He joined me for a shallow swim, pulling me close to him and kissing me. I could taste myself from his wonderful kiss. He then asked if he could stay and make dinner for me. Being that I know he is also a great chef, I said of course! He then whispered in my ear that I was really going to love the dessert he had planned for us. He did ask if he could share my bed with me that night. I just smiled at him and he could see the twinkle in my eye.
I told him I couldn't believe the timing of all of this. I still don't know how he got past my front gate. I am now considering giving him his own key!