The Diversion -- Wife flashes truckers and leads to much more
My wife and I have always been adventurous and as such we often found ourselves in a few unplanned adventures over the years; which have frequently started off as a bit of flashing or public sex and ended in much more, this was one such occasion. As a couple we keep pretty fit I am 45 and Louise my wife is 35 and a stunning blonde with striking green eyes, great legs a toned body with perfect 32C breasts with frequently long hard nipples. She is always shaved or waxed and has a VCH piercing which always gets a great reaction when strangers see it for the first time. As with many couples, as we got to know each other in our relationship I discovered Louise was a natural exhibitionist and a submissive.
We were travelling back from viewing a new kitchen that we were planning to have fitted, Louise has worn a very short skirt, hold up stockings and semi sheer halter neck top, strappy heels which accentuated her incredible legs even further, no thong and a large barbell piercing in her pussy, the idea being if we had to negotiate the price down then she would fluster the kitchen salesmen and we would get a better deal. The viewing had gone well and the price they had proposed had been within our budget and Louise had managed to flash her pussy a couple of times whilst squatting down to pretend to look at the units in the display kitchen and I had caught the sales guy having a quick look. All this meant that on the way home in the car Louise was extremely horny and since we were a long way from home with a 90min drive ahead of us I decided to see how playful she would be.
We were heading back up the A303 a long tedious road with long sections of dual carriageway interspersed with single lanes, traffic was heavy so moving relatively slowly which suited me fine for my purpose. I started resting my hand on Louise thigh and started stroking her slowly along the top of her thigh up to her stocking tops, as I did this, I slowly pushed her skirt up higher and higher. After only a matter of minutes her pussy was clearly on display, she was relaxed and sinking back into the passenger seat as I continued stroking her, now mixing the strokes on her thighs with light caresses of her pussy. Louise shifted her hips forward and without saying anything opened her legs to allow me more access, she now closed her eyes and let out a quiet sigh as I now focussed my stroking on her pussy with my fingers focussing on the area just above her VCH piercing which was now fully exposed and glinting in the sunlight.
Louise was becoming increasingly turned on as I could see her nipples now prominently pushing through her semi sheer top. I decided to up the fun now and see if we could find an observer, the traffic remained heavy, and it would not appear odd to be alongside a lorry for a while. I picked a large black lorry 200m ahead and pulled up alongside it slowly, so the cab was alongside Louise's side and if the lorry driver chose to look down, he would get a clear view of Louise's exposed pussy. After a minute Louise turned to me as she figured she knew what I was up to, "are you trying to show me off?" she asked. I grinned, "you know I like to show you off, has he spotted you yet?". Louise responded that he appeared to be talking to someone else in the cab and was not looking down, let's give it a minute and see if he catches on, I said otherwise we will find another one.
"Fuck, he is looking and smiling down at me, Christ he is really staring", Louise instinct was to close her legs, however I kept my hand in place and told her to open them back up. Slowly she eased them open, put your feet on the dash so he gets a good look. Louise did as instructed, whilst her breathing became faster, she noted he was now leaning right up against his cab to see into our car as much as he could. I took my hand off her pussy to give him a better view and she was now really getting into her exposure and the stranger ogling her, her nipples were now clearly prominent through her sheer top. I asked what he looked like, he was her type apparently, grizzled with a week's stubble, grey hair and looked tough from what she could see. Louise's natural exhibitionist tendencies where now kicking in as I noticed she started to rub her nipples through her top, her nipples were now becoming very hard as her arousal increased and I could smell how hot she was getting. The traffic was now starting to move, and I could not feign the need to stay alongside the lorry any longer.
We cannot hang on much longer I told her, so give him a last show and we need to get moving, Louise pushed her hips up further and slipped her hand between her legs to spread her pussy for the trucker, he would now be able to see her pussy spread soaking wet and her glinting piercing clearly from his cab. Cars were building up behind me, so I eased forward and left the lorry behind, he hit his horn hard and flashed us a thanks. Louise was now in a serious state of arousal and continued to gently stroke her pussy, a few miles later from our first voyeur and the traffic slowed once again as we approached yet another heavy tail back. I spotted another lorry just ahead of us and eased in next to it and managed to keep in position, Louise now enjoying her exhibitionism opened her legs wider and put a foot on the dashboard allowing her pussy even more exposure. Her leg movement had clearly caught the lorry driver's attention as Louise commented he is watching, so give him a show I said. Louise eased forward and before I knew what she was doing had undone the tie at the back of her neck which held her halter neck in place, the semi sheer fabric of her blouse slipped forward and down over her breasts revealing them fully to the driver, who was now craning forward.
The traffic was now at a complete standstill and Louise was being thoroughly ogled by the driver and another guy in the cab was trying to lean over too to get an eyeful. Louise was clearly getting them very excited as the driver was leaning out of the window and waving his arm, Louise turned to me, he is trying to signal us to pull over into the next layby, I am not sure though the layby is very exposed to all the traffic and we could easily get caught, lets leave it at just a tease for now.
The traffic was starting to ease again, so I pulled forward and Louise waved at the driver, and he responded with a blast of his horn. Louise re tied her top, settled back in the seat, and closed her eyes to no doubt fantasize about some illicit fun with strangers. Looking ahead I could see the traffic was again heavy as we approached the next junction, there was a small turn off before the next major junction, and the stop start nature of the journey was becoming annoying by now, so I thought I might just find a quite spot and fuck Louise over the bonnet on a quite backroad. So, after a few minutes I turned off the main road and took the small road marked access, heading down the single lane road and then turning to the left the road opened into a wide tarmac area which appeared to be a rest stop for lorries and not simply a country road.
There were at least a dozen lorries parked up and a small track at the far end which appeared to connect to a normal road that might head back to the main road, I drove forward to re-join the road. However, as I was approaching the last but one lorry it started to pull out into the exit area, as it pulled out I saw its brake light go on, what the hell he has just blocked us. I looked behind us and thought about reversing back up the access road to the main road we had originally turned off from. But as I was about to start reversing, I saw another lorry heading in from the access road blocking any exit.
This was annoying, I expected the lorry to move in front of us but instead I heard the engine being turned off and the sound of two doors being opened and 2 guys step down from the cab. One was smiling in our direction and the other appeared to be waving at us, but I then realised he was signalling to the lorry behind us that was now edging up behind us. Louise by know had opened her eyes and was wondering what was going on. I decided to get out and see what was going on.
As I got out the car I could see two guys get out of the lorry behind our car, is everything ok I asked? The four men were now standing around me, I was not intimidated as they were all smiling but I was very aware there was only myself, Louise and four large guys. They were all 6ft, one was huge at easily 6ft 5inch and heavily tattooed with two of them looking like traditional truckers slightly overweight at least late 50's and a sleeve full of tattoos. The other two looked like they must be gym freaks as both were very broad with slab like muscles across their chests and thick arms with very large biceps again both were tattooed with thinning dark hair and several days stubble. All four had on scruffy jeans and various faded T-Shirts of rock bands from the 80's and 90's by the looks of it.
Louise was watching through the windscreen but could not hear us as the doors were shut and the windows up, she had by now put her legs down and her short skirt was pulled down. You don't recognise us then the older of the two heavily muscled guys asked me. Er no, should I?
Your Mrs was flashing us 5 miles back, I'm James and this is Steve, we were enjoying her little show, fuck, the penny dropped these were the lorry driver 's we had passed earlier. I though it only fair that we let other drivers know over the CB radio that you were on the road and to look out for a show, then you started heading off down the access road, Mike, and Donkey our mates here spotted your car and that's why he is now blocking the exit, as we were all looking forward to another little show before you go on your way, it looks like your Mrs likes to show off so only fair she shows the other lads what she showed us.
As he was speaking, I heard more cab doors opening and closing it seemed every driver who had been having a little afternoon break was now aware of our little group and were heading over to our car. This was getting crazy, I could see at least a dozen guys now in addition to the four talking to me, let me just speak to my wife, tell her Steve and James enjoyed her earlier show and she got us pretty worked up, er sure. Fuck, I got back in the car and engaged the locks.
Louise looked startled, what's going on she asked? It seems your earlier show caused the drivers to tell all the other drivers we were on the road over their radios, the lorry behind us is the last one you flashed, and we are now stuck. What do you mean stuck Louise asked? Well to be blunt they want you to show off in front of the guys before they let us go. As the reality of our situation dawned on Louise I could see her nipples grow hard as they began to clearly poke through her blouse, I had an idea what she was thinking as whilst the situation was risky she also got very turned on by showing herself and being played with by total strangers in public.
What do you think I asked? We don't have many options, do we? No not really, how about they just come round the car and watch as I show them my tits and have a little play. Ok, I will let them know, by the way Steve and James said to tell you they enjoyed the show and er. Er what? Well, they also said they got pretty worked up.
I got back out of the car, the group was now about 18 strong and seemed to be dominated by older rough looking men in their late 40's up to early 60's by the look of them, I could not see any without tattoos, they were well muscled bunch with tanned arms and all appeared to be wearing jeans and hard looking workman's boots, there were only a couple who looked overweight and like they enjoyed a sedentary lifestyle a little too much, they all seemed to know each other and all seemed to be talking animatedly whilst looking at the passenger side of the car as they tried to see more of Louise.
I turned to talk to Steve and James and as I did the group went quiet, so my wife is up for a little show, you just need to keep hands off unless she indicates you can touch, but you can only look through the car window ok? Yeah, sure, let's see what she has, the car was now surrounded, I was at the front of the car looking over the bonnet into the car and got Louise's attention and gave her the thumbs up to indicate we were all fine.
You could have heard a pin drop as Louise leaned forward and reached behind her neck to once more untie the string that held her halter neck top up, which now slipped forward and over her breasts, she reached down and pulled on both her nipples which are already engorged and rapidly getting harder. She was clearly very aroused as the men jostled around the car to get a better view, with 18 guys they were now 2-3 deep around the car and all straining to try and see her fully.
I can't see a bloody thing came a cry from behind after a few minutes, yeah get her out so we can see her properly came another shout. The guys were all getting worked up, Mike turned to Donkey, go and grab one of our sleeping mattresses from the cab, she can show herself on that. Donkey disappeared from the group as they pushed closer to see what Louise was now doing. I looked in through the windscreen to see Louise had once again pulled her skirt up around her waist and a cheer went up as her stocking tops and bare pussy came into view.
Fuck she's pierced one of the truckers noted and soaking wet look at that; Louise was now spreading her legs wide and those nearest her window were now getting an eyeful of her clearly soaking pussy. I could see clearly how horny she was as her pussy was glistening with her juices. She was also having a clear effect on the group as I noted all the men had their hand on their crotches and were rubbing themselves as they looked in on her, with several very large bulges visible in their jeans.
Make some room, Mike shouted as Donkey reappeared with a shabby looking mattress from the cabs sleeping compartment, most of the group now moved back as the mattress was placed on the ground a few feet from the car. Louise was stroking her legs with one hand whilst pulling on her nipples alternating between her breasts and unaware of the mattress as she appeared to be looking up at one particularly rugged trucker who was openly wanking his cock whilst lusting over Louise's pussy and tits.
Steve who seemed to have some sway with the group now told everyone to get back so she could get out, I stepped around to the passenger door and opened the door, Louise had her skirt rucked around her midriff along with her top which hung loosely around her waist, her stunning legs, shaved pussy and tits were all on display, it was no surprise there were so many rock hard cocks now present. I reached in for her hand and guided her as she stepped out of the car.
A couple of whoops were heard and several wolf whistles as she became visible to the entire group for the first time, the group were like a pack of baying dogs, without saying anything I lead Louise to the mattress. It was clear she was turned on and the group were all very excited by what was to come, Louise stepped on to the mattress. She started to pull on her nipples as I noted several more of the men had now unzipped and were openly wanking their cocks, Louise could see this and was clearly enjoying teasing them as she pushed her breasts up and stood with her legs apart, Mike and James now stepped forward, Mike positioned himself behind Louise and held her hips, Louise leaned back on him as he grabbed her hips and pulled her into his crotch. She was pushing hard back into his groin which meant she was clearly enjoying the feel of an erection trying to push through his jeans into her bottom. His rough hands reached up and found the skirt that had slipped down and was blocking a clear view of her pussy and shining piercing, with a sharp tug he pulled the skirt over her hips and pushed it down over stocking tops and down her legs until it was at her feet. Louise stepped out of the skirt and leaned back once more into Mike who was now massaging her breasts roughly whilst nuzzling her neck. Louise turned her head toward him and he kissed her deeply, she responded and tongued him back enthusiastically.
She was now clearly incredibly turned on and enjoying the rough hands on her body, her pussy was glistening with juices as she pushed herself back into Mike. The group were clearly enjoying where this was headed and looking around the men appeared to nearly all have their cocks out wanking them to full stiffness. The chance for a simple show of tits and pussy and a quick getaway had clearly passed. A voice shouted leave some for us and others laughed, Mike broke the kiss and James stepped in closer, replacing Mike and holding Louise by her arms he pulled them behind her back and then holding both her wrists in one large hand he grabbed her blouse and pulled it down over her hips till it slipped down her legs and dropped onto the mattress. James guided Louise down onto the mattress in a kneeling position as Mike stepped forward, release her hands she knows what to do. Without saying a word Louise leant forward and unzipped Mikes Jeans reaching inside to pull out a very hard cock, Mike pushed his crotch forward as Louise guided his cock into her mouth and began to tongue the head of his cock tasting his pre cum and sucking to make him even harder, alternating her strokes along his cock with her tongue she was struggling to keep him in her mouth as his girth was huge and rapidly growing. She used her hands to hold his balls and encourage him to fuck her mouth more deeply.
She could feel James now pushing his groin against her bottom as she sucked Mike and looking around her at least another dozen hard cocks were visible all being wanked by muscled tattooed hands and tanned forearms. I was incredibly turned on seeing my wife act like such a slut but suddenly aware that we had no condoms and Louise was not on the pill. Looking at the scene I realised it was too late to do anything we would have to cross that bridge later if there were any problems. Louise was about to be gangbanged bareback by total strangers.
James had now pushed Louise forward onto all fours and had got his own cock out which he was slowly rubbing up and down between her soaking pussy lips as Louise continued to suck on Mike. Mike was clearly enjoying the blow job as had managed to deep throat Louise and was making deep growling noises between telling her what a good slut she was. The group were continuing to wank but now it was clear that there was every chance they would fuck her they had slowed down, obviously trying to pace themselves. Several where now also knelt on the mattress and taking turns to feel her tits, pull on her nipples and man handle her body, she was rapidly becoming a piece of fuck meat to be enjoyed. Her spare hand that was not supporting her was guided to another cock for her to wank, she had no idea who its owner was, but she was happy to wank the hard cock and feel its heat knowing it would be inside her soon.
James had been teasing her cunt for a while now and Louise was desperate to feel some hard cock inside her, I could see her pushing back hard against him and gyrating her hips. James placed one hand on her hips to hold her still and gripping the base of his cock he shoved into in her pussy, Louise gasped as she gagged on Mike cock as James entered her in one hard thrust. He now began to fuck her roughly ploughing into her and going deeper with each stroke as her pussy opened up to accommodate his fat cock, Louise spat out Mike's cock for a second as the rough fucking continued and she moaned only to have Mike cock pushed back inside her mouth gagging and silencing her once more. Mike began to increase his pace fucking her mouth to match the fucking James was giving her pussy, she was now drooling around Mikes cock from the deep throat fucking and could feel him building towards his climax.
As James continued to pump into her, his cock seemed to be getting harder as she felt herself being stretched even further, the sensation was incredible and she could feel her own orgasm starting to build, as she managed to come off Mike cock to grab a lungful of air she heard him roar, open you mouth, she did as she was told as he held her hair in one hand and wanked his cock furiously at the entrance to her mouth she continued to lap her tongue over his head whilst holding eye contact with him. With a groan he came, hot splashes of cum washed over her tongue and into her mouth, Mike continued to pump his hand as he wanked his cock into her mouth until he had emptied his balls into her mouth. She swallowed hard as load after load was emptied into mouth and down her throat. As she came off Mikes cock she felt a hand push her head down into the mattress so her ass and pussy were raised up in a submissive display for the watching group.
James was only just behind Mike as he slid his cock furiously in and out of her soaking cunt, she wanted him to cum inside her now, she knew she was unprotected but she wanted his cum badly, James gripped both her hips whilst more hands held her arms behind her back, looking to her side all she could see was a mass of jean clad legs leading up to a bunch of cocks being wanked hard all for her. James was now fucking her like a piston with long deep strokes, as he grunted she felt him suddenly get even harder as the head of his cock swelled deep inside her and he orgasmed, spurt after spurt of his hot cum was now shooting deep inside her pussy. He continued his fucking until his cock slowly shrank from her cunt spent along with their combined juices.
Louise had been thoroughly fucked but had not yet orgasmed and now wanted more, fortunately that was not an issue. She felt hands now turning her over onto her back, hands were groping her tit's some gentle, some rough, some massaging her breasts, some intent on pulling her nipples hard, she was so aroused this just turned her on more, there were men all around her wanting her as cocks were pushed towards her, she turned her head to find a cock being pushed across face and she willingly opened her mouth, all she could see was a large muscled man with huge arms guiding his cock into her mouth and encouraging her to suck him hard. Another man was kneeling on the other side of her head and had also got his cock out which her hand had now been guided to, so she could wank him.
She had no idea who it was, but more pairs of hands were now holding her ankles and pulling her legs apart, she had no chance had she wanted to, to resist as the men were clearly very strong and towered over her. Her pussy was now splayed and the cum from James was leaking out along with her own arousal. I watched as the first man since James had fucked her knelt between her legs which were being held apart by two other men on each side of her as more hands reached in to grope her tits.
The trucker looked to be in his early sixties, was unshaven and quite coarse looking, with short cropped grey hair and had huge muscles across his back and arms which sported a few tattoos depicting a naked woman and a gun, he was still wearing his jeans but had roughly pulled them down to the middle of his thighs so he could easily enter her. All thought of condoms had now gone, since James had already cum inside her and it looked like he would be the first of many to cum inside her.
Watching closely, I could see Louise raise her hips to meet the new cock as the trucker guided his cock into her willing pussy, he immediately began to fuck her roughly, clearly her pussy was wetter than ever and able to accommodate him as he began fucking her hard. His cock was certainly hitting the spot as Louise moaned around the two men's cocks she was greedily sucking off, he appeared to be very long as he was still not balls deep inside her, but with each stroke his cocked disappeared a little further into her pussy with her lips gripping his shaft and covering it with her juices and James's cum forming a white lather. After a few minutes he had managed to work what looked like about 8 inches into her and was now balls deep inside her, he was now breathing hard as he increased his pace and her body was visibly moving as he began to fuck her roughly, he was clearly enjoying pounding her pussy and wanted to see what she could take.
To aid his access to the depths of her cunt, the men holding her ankles and thighs spread her even wider, she could now feel his bulk over her and his huge cock growing harder as he penetrated her deeply, his breathing deepened and he let loose with a load of a expletives calling her a fucking filthy cumslut as he came hard inside her, she could feel the hot spurts of his heavy cum deep inside her cunt as he pulsed inside her. He continued fucking her till he was completely spent and he had emptied his balls inside of her. Louise was on the verge of cumming just as he finished, she needed more cock. The men using her mouth now shifted around and having sucked them both hard it was clear that neither of them were going to cum in her mouth, they wanted to use her pussy.
Louise was now lifted up, at first she thought they were going to bend her over onto all fours again and fuck her doggy style, however they lowered her again, only to find a man was now underneath her. She realised what they wanted she was to ride him with her back to him, his jeans were down and his cock already out reaching down she gripped his shaft and guided his cock into her entrance, her pussy was soaking with sheer arousal and the cum already in her, she felt herself being slowly lowered onto his cock and found she could easily accommodate him, his cock if anything was a little small after the large cocks she had already had fuck her, however as she took him inside her she felt hands pull her backwards to lay with her back across his chest, another man was now positioning himself Infront of her, she suddenly realised his intention, he was also going to fuck her pussy. She naturally had a tight pussy but wondered could she take two cocks at once; it did not look like she had an option.
As before hands held her legs apart, her stockings were now laddered from all the rough groping but they would be ruined anyway as there was already a lot of cum that had leaked from her pussy onto them, her cunt was splayed open with the one hard cock already inside, the trucker underneath her reached up to hold her hips so she could not move she was pinned and her pussy spread open ready for the next stranger to fill. Go on Jim get up her one the group shouted; she's a slut lets open her up another shouted. Apparently, the short looking muscled bald guy with a long cock was Jim, he looked to be in his late sixties was in reasonable shape and had the by now standard tattoos all over his arms and from what was visible most of his back.
Hold her steady Jim said as he shuffled closer to Louise's waiting cunt, he leaned over her and she could smell his masculine smell as he pushed his cock into her entrance and amazingly, she felt herself opening for him, it was tight but with small thrusts he edged alongside the cock that was already inside her. He started to push slowly in and out as her pussy lips opened still further to accommodate him, his head was now inside her and she felt two cocks inside her for the first time, he now started to slowly fuck her, the man underneath her also started fucking her, with the hand holding her legs she found that both the men were able to fuck her whilst she stayed in place.
Her pussy was in heaven as they worked her body to satisfy their own needs working harder they thrust deeper into her, her orgasm was now building, Jim clearly un phased by the fact she had been sucking multiple cocks already, thrust his tongue into her mouth and kissed her passionately as he fucked her, she responded as she realised two stranger men were fucking her bareback in a lorry park with a dozen others watching her. Jim and the man underneath her increased their tempo and she could feel them both growing harder as they fucked more deeply, they could not keep this up for long with her pussy accommodating two cocks for the first time it felt stuffed, but her G spot was being hit on every stroke and her orgasm arrived as the men started grunting loudly, wave after wave of pleasure pulsed through her as the men used her cunt. Jim broke off his kiss to lean back as he grabbed her tits hard and with a hard deep thrust started pulsing inside her as he came hard. The stranger underneath her was a second later and both cocks were now spurting together inside her pussy filling her unprotected cunt with its 3rd and 4th loads of cum.
She thought she might be given a break but clearly there remained a lot of very horny men who wanted to fuck her, she could see at least a dozen with very hard angry and aroused cocks as they had waited their turn. I heard Mike who had cum in her mouth first now turn to Steve, do you think she is ready for Donkey yet? Steve laughed I reckon and I might just join him, Steve moved onto the mattress and knelt behind Louise as the man I had first met called Donkey stepped forward moved forward through the group, I had not seen him much since initially arriving in the lorry park as he had been at the back of the group and was fairly quiet amongst the others who had been making dirty comments as Louise has been fucked, however the wider group clearly seemed to respect him as they grew quiet as he moved forward.
He was a massive guy at least 6ft 5 and towered over the others with huge shoulders and clearly hit the gym hard, his T-Shirt though clearly extra-large looked like it was a size too small. Louise was pushed up onto her knees and guided to his crotch, he had not yet got his cock out like many of the others, but there was a clear bulge in his jeans that looked abnormally large. Louise still horny reached up placing a hand under his waistband and slowly unzipped his jeans, the bulge was becoming ever more obvious, she tugged down his boxers and found herself face to face with what must be a 10-inch cock but the length was not what was extraordinary, his cock looked to be as thick as a Coke can.
Before she could wonder anymore about it, his huge hands landed on her shoulders and guided her head to his crotch, his intentions for her clear, she began to lick from his balls up his shaft, taking her hands she held him but could not get her fingers around him fully. Her pussy was now dripping as she realised, he intended to fuck her, and his mannerisms were those of a very dominant man who was not going to be disappointed. As she continued to work her tongue up and down the underside of his cock, she realised it was still growing, what the fuck, another 2 inches appeared as she sucked him, running her tongue around his huge purple cock head.
As she continued to suck his cock ever harder, she felt Steve hold her hips and pull her back toward him allowing him access to her dripping pussy, she felt his knees pushing her legs apart; instinctively she widened her stance, arched her back and pushed her bottom back so he could access her fully. As she sucked Donkey, she reached a hand back between her legs and finding Steve's full erection guided him into her so he could begin fucking her, he was thick and felt good inside her pussy, he started slowly fucking her easing his cock right to the entrance of her cunt before ramming into the hilt, he was clearly trying to open her up as much as possible in preparation for Donkey.
She now focussed on trying to get donkeys cock into her mouth, with her mouth as wide as possible she still could not take his head inside, so continued to lick his balls and shaft whilst sucking on the very top and offering her tongue for him to wank onto as Steve increased the pace of his fucking. Louise now felt Steve grow even harder and after a few moments she felt him grip her hips hard and ram himself deep inside her as he came hard flooding her cunt with even more cum to add to the prior men's loads. He kept inside her until it was clear there was no more cum, and he had drained his balls inside her. As Steve slipped from her and stood up, Donkey pushed her firmly back from his cock. Hold her up guys and spread her, the group moved in as her arms were placed around a mans shoulders on each side of her, another two men lifted her left leg and another two her right leg. She now had six men holding her up, two supporting her upper body and four holding her legs apart.
The men on her legs were paying particular attention to holding her bottom and spreading her thighs wide, she was as exposed as she had ever been. Donkey moved forward with his huge cock in hand and guided the head to her entrance, he began to rub the head all over her pussy allowing the existing cum and her own juices to coat his cock along the head and by taking his fingers and pushing them inside he scooped out her juices and rubbed them over his shaft, so he was thoroughly lubricated. Louise had never had anything like this and was incredibly aroused but also nervous, but her pussy was soaking at the possibility.
Donkey could clearly wait no longer as he now placed one hand around Louise's waist taking his cock in hand aimed the head at her entrance and started to push, at first, she could not feel any penetration, she then felt herself stretching as he maintained pressure. She opened for him, he inched in slowly over what seemed like an age, after finally getting his head fully inside and stretching her pussy beyond what she thought was possible he began to slowly fuck her, pulling her on to him at her waist and she found him sinking deeper and deeper into him, she had never felt so full, every nerve ending was being rubbed and stimulated as he increased his fucking, he felt like steel he was so hard.
After a while he began to accelerate the pace, his cock was now sliding in nearly to the hilt he was balls deep in her and she was cumming on his cock, several orgasms washed over her as he thrust into her and began to grunt hard. He was now slamming into her pussy and there was a thick white cream forming around his shaft and her pussy lips as he fucked her deeply, she felt him swell and then heard him roar as he pulsed hard inside her unleashing what seemed like gallons of cum inside her. He held her in place as he finished cumming and she realised she now had the cum from six men inside her.
Donkey finally wilted a small amount and withdrew from her, she felt empty having been filled so completely, she was pushed back to her knees and found his cock pushed forwards, she took him in her mouth and cleaned him as thanks for the most thorough fuck of her life. She was then laid back on the mattress, and legs spread once more, there remained truckers who had yet to fuck her, they each moved forward and took their turns fucking her pussy and her mouth, for the next 30 minutes they used her body and continued to cum inside her, some preferred missionary, some doggy style all came inside her. As the last trucker fucked her now well used cunt a trail of cum could be seen leaking down between her thighs and pooling on the mattress, the sight had clearly aroused those who had fucked her first and around 9 of the truckers now grouped around her prone body and wanked over her, Louise helped them by holding her self open and allowing them to aim their cum into her pussy or across her body.
As they completed using her body I looked down and saw she was covered across her face with cum all over her, her tits and pussy already had drying cum forming. I had been hard the whole time watching her be used and it was now my turn, the group watched as I pulled her up from the mattress and bent her over the bonnet of our car and began fucking her hard feeling the cum of at least a dozen men dripping from her cunt, my erection was rock hard and her pussy was constantly dribbling, I added my load to the multiple loads already. She turned picked up her top and skirt and placed them on the passenger seat before sitting down on them to stop from trashing the seat. The group thanked me and dispersed, to their word Mike got in his cab and moved it allowing us to leave. Louise was already drowsy so I pulled out reclined her seat and headed out onto the main road, wondering who might see her now from their cab, with her torn and laddered stockings, hard nipples covered in cum, marks on her wrists and legs where they had held her and the copious amount of cum drying all over her body and dripping from her cunt.