It was a normal Saturday during football season. I was in my apartment with Susie, my very cute and very sexy girlfriend, who simply loves being a playful cock-teaser. We were drinking Bloody Mary's watching the early games, getting "fired up" for the 5:00 game when our favorite team was playing.
I began dating Susie in high school. As time went on and we got closer, we certainly became sexual like almost everyone else. At first, our playing around was strictly in private, but as time went on, we began to play around in public. Commonly, she'd lose a bet so I'd make her go braless and unbutton the top 2 or 3 buttons on her shirt or I'd have her wear a really short skirt (that I had altered quite a bit) that would easily show "a lot" of her. Everywhere we went, I'd have my hand up her skirt feeling her amazing ass or I was daring her to unbutton yet another button. It was fun ... and playful. And I realized she loved taking chances ... and showing off.
Today Susie was wearing her wildly cut-off shorts and a t-shirt. The t-shirt wasn't anything special, other than it was cut halfway up her flat tummy. But the shorts certainly were. The shorts sat very low on her hips, showing a good inch of her red silk panties. As was common for Susie, she kept the shorts un-buttoned with the zipper down. The back of her shorts was cut very high up her legs, showing a lot of her ass, butt cheeks and her panties. The front was also cut very high, giving nice peeks of her pussy, which was barely covered by her panties. Her shorts also had holes all over them. It was quite a show and I was proud of that (since I was the one who "tailored" her shorts and shirt).
When she showed up at my apartment, I didn't say a word to Susie about how sexy she looked, I wanted her to think it wasn't anything that unusual. We finished our second drink and were feeling pretty good. Finally, Susie asked me how I liked her outfit.
I played it down, of course, saying, "Sorry, I didn't pay much attention to it, but I guess it's pretty cute. Why do you ask?"
Susie said, "Well, you haven't said anything, but guys at the at the gas station certainly liked it. They didn't say I looked cute, they said a bunch of stuff about how sexy and hot I looked and things they'd like to do to me. They were getting a little carried away. It was funny .... and more than a little hot!"
I said, "Next commercial come over here in front of me so I can get a better look. It's kind of hard to concentrate with the game on." Susie walked over and stood a foot in front of me. I went on, "Well, the top isn't anything sexy. It needs to be cut closer to you boobs."
Susie quickly said, "That's what the guys said, will you do it for me, please? I'll get the scissors." And she did.
I asked how high she wanted the shirt cut.
Susie said, "The guys were saying my shirt was too long and that I should show some of my perky boobs, as they called them. They kept saying that boobs like mine should be shown. And they said they liked my nipples which were ... well ... pretty hard. It was fun ... and I was getting a little hot hearing all of their compliments. They begged me to show them my nipples and they were nice, so I gave them a little peek."
I said, "I'll take some pics so we can see how I cut your shirt. My friends will like this." I took my phone and took some pics. First, I was focused on her nipples, which were easy to see thru her thin shirt. "Wow, did you realize how easy it is to see your nipples thru this shirt? No wonder those guys were talking about your boobs." Then I went down to her shorts. I said, "You know that because these shorts have been cut so high up in the front, your pussy is showing most of the time." I took my finger and rubbed the part of her panty that was covering her pussy just to make the point. "Here, I'll take some pics so you and my buddies can see what I'm saying."
Susie said, "That's what the guys at the gas station were saying, too. But I told them not to get too big of a hard-on because I knew they couldn't see my pussy because I was wearing my little red panties. They were cute, they tried to buy my panties. I told them I wouldn't sell these because they are one of your favorites." While she was talking, I was taking pics and rubbing her pussy. She was moaning.
I said, "Did they happen to notice how low your shorts ride on your hips? I bet you had your shorts unbuttoned with your zipper down, didn't you?" I traced my finger across her tummy on her panty line and snapped her panties. "You loved teasing them, didn't you?"
"Well, of course my shorts were unbuttoned, and my zipper was down. All the girls wear their shorts like that now. I wasn't really trying to tease them too much ... maybe just a little. I mean I wasn't showing all that much. The guys walked me over to the side of the building where some of the other people at the station couldn't see us. They joked about ripping my shorts off and one of them snapped my panty waist band just like you did. He was really a nice, good looking and thoughtful guy. He said he wanted to buy his girlfriend panties that looked like these, but he wanted to feel them first. That was so nice of him to think of his girlfriend. So, because it was for his girlfriend, I let him feel my panties."
I said, "Well that was nice of you, how did that go?"
Susie said, while I continued to slowly rub between her pussy lips, "Oh .... that feels so good. Um, he kept giving me a lot of compliments. He kept saying how good I looked, and how great these panties felt. So, he first he put his hands on my panties where my zipper was open. He kept his hand there for a minute while he was rubbing my pussy lips ... like you are now. I told him he was being a bad boy, but that didn't stop him. Then he put his fingers up my shorts where they are cut high and he rubbed some more. He was so good and smooth; I could barely take it. He was turned on, too, he kept putting my hand on his dick which was getting bigger and bigger. He was a cute little devil; he let me undo his pants and his zipper so I could feel is cock better. He raised my shirt above my boobs so he could kiss my nipples .... Ohhhhh, that felt good. He asked me to kiss the head of his cock, he said it was only fair since he kissed my nipples. And, he said that unless I slipped and put the head of his throbbing cock all the way into my mouth, it wouldn't be a real blow job, just a friendly kiss. It was such a turn-on hearing him talk like that and he started to pull my shorts down, but his friends made us stop so we wouldn't get in trouble."
"Well, did he like the feel of your panties ... wasn't that the point?"
"I guess so, he seemed to enjoy it a lot." She giggled and said, "He had quite a hard-on."
I slowly stopped rubbing Susie's pussy and I began to cut her shirt much higher, so it showed part of her under-boob. Susie liked it, she said, "That's not too bad, right?"
I said, "Not too bad, but by the way, where's your bra?"
She laughed and said, "I had to give him something, he was a real nice guy!"
My phone rang, so I picked it up and talked for a minute. "Hey, my buddies want us to come over to the bar and watch the games with them, you up for it?"
Susie said, "Sure, I'd like to meet them ... wait, are these the guys that you show all the pics of me? I'll be embarrassed."
I said, "I show a bunch of guys pics of you, they all love them. I keep telling you, you look great in the pics, you look amazingly sexy. So, don't worry. Oh - by the way, they really think they need a cheerleader at the bar and want you to help, OK?"
Susie said, "Sure, sounds like fun... You know, I could wear my cheerleader uniform for them. Do you think I should wear it? But I'm not going to wear any of those stupid cover panties, OK? I hate those things."
I said, "Oh ya, well, just be careful, OK? You know that skirt is really short. And if you are uncomfortable, you don't need to wear that skirt, if it's too short. You'll probably be flashing everyone all day. I think this top will be OK though."
Susie's old cheerleader skirt definitely was short, very short -- "we" had shortened it when we were in school so, in her words, she wouldn't look like a "grandmother." Like the other cheerleaders, she'd wear her uniform to school on the day of games. I knew that talking about how short her skirt was and how she would be flashing everyone would turn her on even more.
Her skirt, because it was so short, would flip up in the back when she walked, exposing whatever she was wearing underneath. If she hiked her skirt up a little, which she did quite a bit, it would show a little of her panty covered pussy.
Usually, she would wear her "cover panties" to school, which were nylon, quite thin and almost as small as her panties. They were very sexy. But sometimes she'd just wear her regular panties without the cover up. That always got the guys (including teachers) interested, to say the least and made Susie the biggest flirt in school.
Sometimes they would have cheerleading practice in the afternoon before a game. And sometimes, Susie would go to the practices just wearing her "regular" (but always very sexy) panties under her cheerleader skirt. The guy cheerleaders would practically fight to be Susie's partner because she liked the stunts where she sat on a guy's hand and they raised her up. She would move her ass around to make sure they got a great feel.
When she sat on their shoulders she would grind on the back of their neck and would move around quite a bit. Sooner or later as they were playing around, she would get turned around and would end up on the guys shoulders, facing them, so her pussy was right in their face. Of course, the guys loved that. Susie would squeal like she was embarrassed and would tell them to put het down ... but I knew differently. And, they took advantage of every opportunity to make her skirt flip up and to put their hands all over her ass and between her legs.
I added, "Um... remember, when you hike up your little skirt, a little of your pussy and your amazingly cute ass gets exposed. So be careful at the bar around the guys."
Susie giggled, "Do I really have a cute ass? Well ... I'll be careful, and I'll wear some real nice panties just in case someone happens to get a little peek. Think these will be OK?"
I said, "I guess they're fine. But, I'm serious, Susie. These guys will get very playful as they drink more and more, I'm just warning you. They'll be trying to talk you into some crazy sexy stuff. Their hands will be all over you."
Susie liked hearing that and I knew when I said "crazy sexy stuff" that she'd get even more excited. She said, "You're nuts, I'll bet they'll be perfect gentlemen. They'll just be into watching the game."
I said, "Ok, let's go get your skirt. Um, just so you know, I think the guys might like your little, sexy white panties a little better than these red ones. They already have a bunch of pics of you in these red ones. But, it's up to you. And you should leave your shorts here so I can work on them. You'll be OK in the car with just your panties on and this shirt."
I made up the part about the guys wanting her to wear her white panties. I knew she really liked the red ones she was wearing, especially since she got so much attention at the gas station this morning. I really just wanted to see if she would change to please the guys.
As far as leaving her shorts in my apartment, she wasn't hard to convince; Susie dropped her shorts and we walked out. Unbelievably, no one was outside, so no one (that I knew about) saw her. As we were walking thru the apartment and thru the parking lot, I began run my hands over her ass. Her silk panties felt great, I was hard as hell and I (and she) was getting worked up. I was playfully pulling her panties halfway down her ass. I made sure we walked very slowly so I could prolong what was happening.
We got to my car, she turned toward me and put her arms around my neck. She said, "Please at least finger me, please? I'm so horny, come on! I'll blow you while you finger me, ok?"
I had my hands on her ass and I answered, "I can't finger you here where someone might see us ... sorry. But your ass sure feels great."
Susie pouted and said, "That's what the guys at the gas station said, too."
"So, they did get you to take off your shorts??? ... I knew it. I bet you kissed him like he asked, too huh?"
She replied, "You'll never know."
So, we got into the car and drove to her place. The entire time I was feeling her ass and her pussy. I asked her to get my sunglasses from the back seat. She got on her knees and turned around to reach into the back. I said, "Wow, what a great view, don't move, unless -- of course -- you're chicken to stay right where you are."
I knew she'd take the dare; she always did. I kept driving with one hand and feeling her ass and boobs with the other. I was hard as hell. Susie was laughing, wiggling her ass and sticking it out. She reached over and rubbed my cock. "Oh, Wow, look who is getting hard, now! And ... almost as big as Paul from the gas station."
I put my hand between her legs and moved my fingers up her panties onto her moist pussy lips. I rubbed her lips as Susie moaned and moaned. I said, "Maybe you should take your shirt off." She didn't hesitate.
I was pushing my fingers just barely between her lips. Susie was going crazy asking ... actually begging me for more. I said, "Well, I'll put my fingers in deeper, but you have to take some pics for my friends." I gave her my phone and I slowly pushed my fingers in and out, each time just a little deeper. She was definitely getting wet. "Oh Susie, the guys are going to love these pics. You, topless and just in these red silky panties with me fingering you. They will certainly have fun looking at these, playing with themselves and fantasizing about you."
She lowered the phone so she'd get pics of my fingers going in her. "How's this? You think your friends will like these pics? Well ... How about I blow you for them, would they like that?" She let out a sexy giggle and turned toward me, undid my pants and took my cock out. She bent down and began licking the head of my cock. She was on her knees which put her ass, in her pretty panties, as high as the window.
I said, "I love your blow jobs and my view down your back to your sexy ass is incredible ... but we're coming up to a light where I'll have to stop and other cars will see your ass. You wouldn't want that to happen, would you?" I reached between her legs and began fingering her again. She was definitely hot ... and getting more and more wet and turned-on by thinking about being seen.
Susie moaned, popped my cock out of her mouth and said, "Shut up, no one will see a thing. I mean they really can't see anything but my cute little panties. So ... Just keep fingering me, it feels sooo good. I mean, they can't see me kissing or sucking your cock ... or they can't see you shooting cum all over my face. If you had any guts, you'd take my panties off for them."
We pulled up to the light next to a car in the other lane. I pulled my fingers away from Susie so as not to be totally indecent. The car had a young guy driving with his girlfriend next to him. They both looked over and said something, but we couldn't hear it. So, I lowered the window next to Susie's sweet ass. His girlfriend said to us, "Hey Ms. Nice Ass, great looking panties. I'll bet you got all hot when he undressed you ... and I'll bet his dick was just in your mouth, right?"
Susie turned to face the window, which made beautiful boobs clearly visible to the couple who was only 2 feet away and said, "Your boyfriend is cute. I bet he'd love a blow job from you in your car ... or better yet, from both of us. I'm ready ... if you are!" To the boyfriend, Susie said, "Tell her to take those shorts off, or is she too much of a baby?"
Well, before her boyfriend said anything, the girlfriend raised her hips up and lowered her shorts down her legs. She said, "How does this look?" The light turned green, so we had to go. Susie was really turned-on, she turned back to me and again began sucking on my cock with her ass up in the window, again.
Susie mumbled, "She took her shorts off for me ... He wants his girlfriend and me to blow him ... this will be fun!"
The next light was about a mile away. I said to Susie, "Hey, sorry, but I can't let you play with them ... we have to meet my friends at the bar, remember, Ms. Cheerleader?"
Susie pouted and said, "Come on, he's really cute ... and she took her shorts off already. Her little yellow panties are sexy as hell. I'll ask her to blow you ... just gimme a minute with them, OK?"
I told her that we had to get to the bar.
We pulled up to the light with the car next to us. Susie said, "Why don't you two meet us at the bar for the football game? We'll have a great time." We told them where is was and that we'd see them there in 15 minutes. Susie took off her panties and tossed them to the boyfriend. "Oh ... these are for you. Stay hard for me, OK?" And we took off.
We got to Susie's place, she put her shirt back on and grabbed a towel from my car to "kind of" cover her up ... and ran into her apartment. A minute later she came out with her cheerleader skirt on. Within a few steps I saw that she was wearing her tiny white panties because her skirt was flying all over the place, as usual.
We drove to the bar, ready to have a good time. As soon as we walked in, my buddies started cheering ... reacting to Susie's outfit. She shyly waved and we went to the bar to get a drink. We sat there for a couple of minutes, then 3 of my buddies came over to introduce themselves to Susie.
Mike and Susie talked about cheerleading, evidently Mike was a cheerleader in high school. He complimented Susie on her outfit (which Susie, of course, loved hearing) saying he loved her top and her tiny skirt. They were joking around and Mike said, "Hey, I have a trick. I'll bet you I can get your skirt to fly up without touching you at all."
Susie laughed and said that was impossible. Mike got her to stand up, close her eyes and turn around so her back (and ass) was facing him. He counted to three and on three, he quickly unzipped her shirt which fell to the floor. Mike said, "Well, your skirt didn't fly up .... so I lost that bet and I'm sure happy I did."
We all, including Susie, laughed. She stood there for a few seconds (being "admired"), pointed her finger at Mike, and said, "You are a bad, bad boy, making my skirt fall off." As she slowly bent over to pick up her skirt, she pushed her ass backwards into Mike's crotch. She stayed partly bent over squirming against his cock. She smiled and said, "Sorry if I bumped into you. Wait a second, I'm feeling something back there." Mike put one of his hands down around her waist and pulled her into him. He put his other hand on her right boob.
Then Mike said, "Hey I'm realllllly sorry about your skirt, but before you pull it up, let me make it up to you. I'll help you make sure your cute, little panties are in the right spot. First, let me help with the front." He turned Susie around and he bent down so that his eyes were right on her pussy. He rubbed her pussy for a few seconds and said, "Looks OK from here. Boy, these panties are sure smooth. They feel like silk. And Wow, they are really see-thru. I can see your pussy lips like you aren't wearing any panties at all." He kept his hands on her pussy, moving them slowly up and down while his fingers rubbed her slit. Each time he stroked her pussy, he pushed her panties down a little farther. "Susie, I really don't think you need these, they aren't covering anything anyway. Let's just take them off."
Susie was smiling and moaning. She said, "Are you really going to take my panties off. What will your girlfriend say?"
Unfortunately, this was going too far too fast. I had to make them stop -- I told Susie to pull her skirt up. Reluctantly, she did. She gave Mike a quick kiss, pushed her ass against him one more time and walked over to the bar. I joined her and ordered some drinks.
We weren't alone long. Ten minutes later, to our surprise, the guy and girl from the car walked up. We ordered them (Dan and Julie) a drink. They had already been drinking and they were in a playful mood. Julie sat next to Susie at the bar and the two began talking and laughing. After the second drink, Julie put her hand on Susie's lap and raised her skirt so her panties were showing. Julie giggled and said, "Why don't you give the boys something to watch other than football."
Susie said, "Ok, but let me get you a little more comfortable." She reached over and unbuttoned Julie's shorts. "Doesn't this feel better? And, I want to see those yellow panties again." Susie lowered Julie's zipper ... and they both started giggling. Julie had changed, she was now wearing the red panties Susie threw to her boyfriend when we were in our cars. "Well, did you like these, Dan?" She put her hand inside Julie's shorts and began stroking her pussy.
Julie said, "Your fingers feel goooood. By the way, Ms. Sexy Ass, Dan and I had a little fun while I was wearing your panties. Yep, he fingered me and kissed my pussy and screwed me and wouldn't let me take them off. And now he won't let me give these back to you. But he said you might be able to borrow them, if you let him do to you ... what he did to me."
Susie smiled, stood up and said, "Hey Dan, I think these actually feel better than my red ones." She lifted the front of her skirt. "Want to feel them? Hey, when you were screwing cute, little Julie ... were you thinking of me? I bet you were. Your big, hard cock sliding in and out of her with you having your hands all over my panties. Is it OK if I sit with you a bit?" And she walked over and sat on his lap. She made a big deal about her skirt. "You have to hold the back of my skirt up just a little bit, because I don't want to sit on it or I could wrinkle it. Be a good guy and help me, just don't stare at my ass, OK? And don't try to sneak a feel, either."
Dan help up her skirt and raised it to her waist, clearly showing her ass. She sat in his lap, then moved over just a bit to be right on his dick. Susie slowly rocked back and forth on his dick and said, "Dan, feel these, don't they feel better that my red ones?" Dan began to rub Susie's panties. Susie giggled, "Dan, you're getting hard! You little pervert! I can feel the head of your cock on my ass ... it's growing!"
Julie jumped over and said, "Let me feel them, too."
Julie put her fingers on Susie's pussy and said, "You just love showing off, don't you? Dan calls you a dick-teaser." She moved her fingers inside Susie panties. Susie put her hands on Julie's hips and slowly began lowering her shorts.
Susie said, "There's my cute red ones. Let's see these." An she lowered Julie's shorts and let them fall to the floor. "Oops, sorry."
As you would expect, a crowd of guys began to mill over to get a better view. Susie and Julie realized this and said, "Aren't you guys watching the game? It's gotta be more exciting than this." And with that, she leaned over and gave Julie a long sensuous kiss.
Julie pulled Susie off Dan's lap and the two began giggling and making out and letting their hands roam over each other. Julie had one hand up Susie's skirt on her ass and the other pulled Susie's shirt up over her boob. Susie, who was rubbing her hands all over Julie's ass said, "You know your boyfriend likes my little outfit better. He got pretty hard when I was sitting on his lap. She looked around and said, "Hey guys, who has better ass, Julie or me?"
The guys all started calling different names. I jumped to the "rescue" and said, "You two guys, you'll be the judges." They guys came over to us and Susie and Julie wasted no time dancing all over them. Susie told one guy to sit on the bar stool, she rubbed her ass all over his crotch. You could see his cock getting bigger and harder as Susie's ass moved it all around. She took his hand and placed it on her tummy. He slowly moved it down to her pussy and actually slid his fingers half-way down the inside of her panties. The crowd of guys loved it. The second guy came over and gave Susie a high-five ... which, of course, raised her cut-off shirt above her right nipple. The guys in the bar went even crazier.
He went back to Julie, who was also enjoying the attention and fun; she was bent over a bar table with the guy putting his hands all over her ass and between her legs. He put his hands inside Julie's panties -- which were once Susie's panties - and slowly began to pull them down. Julie moved over to be right in front of Susie, she bent over and began licking and kissing Susie's belly. Then she went lower and began kissing and licking Susie's panty covered pussy. As Julie was kissing Susie's pussy, the guy was groping her boobs and her ass. His had a huge hard-on and he kept moving his cock all over his ass and between her legs. Julie was enjoying every second, he had her panties pulled half-way down her ass.
It was quite a scene, I wondered how long it would last before they kicked us out. Then, unfortunately, I found out.
The bartender, a good-looking guy in his 20's, came over and told them they were making too much of a disturbance and had to leave the bar. Disappointed, and quite aroused, Susie and Julie stopped their action. But, Susie, my beloved girlfriend, walked over to the bartender and kissed him on the mouth. She took her hand and put it on the front of his shorts and started stroking his cock. She asked, "Do we realllllly have to leave? Can't we stay? We'll behave, honest." And she pulled the guy's waistband and put her hand down his pants. Julie came over to "help." She took his hand and rubbed her pussy with it. Then moved it up to her boob and said, "Hold on to this, OK?"
The bartender finally broke down and said they didn't have to leave; they could stay for a while. Of course, the guys cheered loudly. Susie still had her hand down the front of his shorts and was groping his cock. She said, "Maybe we could be waitresses for you, what do you think?"
He thought for a second and said it would be ok, but they'd need to keep their panties and shirts on. Julie asked, "Are you going to make us put our shorts and skirt back on?" The crowd of guys began chanting, "No, No, No." The bartender, who was definitely getting a hard-on, slowly shook his head no. Before he could change his mind, Julie bent over and licked the big bulge in his shorts.
So, for the next hour or so, Susie and Julie performed as "barmaids". It was amazing to watch! They were getting groped with just about every drink they served. Guys were fondling their asses and taking pics of everything. The more aggressive guys would rub their pussy. Susie was flashing her boobs for their camera phones. They were sitting on guys laps and were grinding on their cocks. At one-point Susie came over to me and whispered that she was as horny as she could ever remember being. She said she was going to bring a drink over to the guy that had just been fingering her.
I watched Susie as she walked over to him with a drink in each hand. The guy didn't take the drinks from her, instead he put his hands on the sides of her waist. His buddies were saying stuff I couldn't hear, and they were obviously enjoying the view. I couldn't hear what they were saying, but Susie was laughing. He then took his finger and swirled it up around and under her cut-off shirt, obviously all over her boobs and down to her tummy. He raised her shirt over her boobs. Susie just giggled. He played with the waistband of her panties, putting a little of his fingers down inside her panties. As he moved his fingers across her tummy, he would lower the front of her panties. With each slow pass, her panties got lower and lower. He would pull her waistband out and would let it snap against her sexy tummy. Susie was giggling and squirming around.
She smiled and said something to the guy, and he took the drinks from Susie's hands. Susie put one hand on his thigh and the other on top of his cock. She began to massage his dick over his shorts. She was stroking up and down his shaft and was playing with the head of his cock. His hand was inside her panties and though I couldn't see his fingers, it looked like Susie was getting what she wanted - he was fingering her. Susie's hips were slowly humping his hand. She took her hand and moved it up the pant leg of his shorts onto his cock.
Then one of the guys friends moved behind Susie. He began kissing her neck and with one hand he was groping her ass. He whispered to her, "You love parading around here in your panties and cut-off top and making all the guys hard, don't you?" His other hand reached around Susie was under her shirt feeling her boobs. Their other friends were busy taking pics with their phones. "How about if I stick my cock in you from behind, I bet you'd love that, right?"
Susie moaned, "Yes, just do it, come on, give it to me ..."
Just as Susie spread her legs more for the guy, that was fondling her ass, Julie came over and got behind the guy. Julie reached around and undid his pants and zipper. She reached in and grabbed his cock and started stroking him.
It was quite a scene! Everyone could tell that Susie was nearing an orgasm. She was moaning and mumbling, "Fuck me, come on, all of you can Fuck me. Give me a cock .... Come on!"
But just when everyone thought the place was getting incredibly hot, the bartender came over and broke up the party. He said the girls had to leave, quickly, because someone called the cops and they were on their way. I walked over and told Susie and Julie that we had to get going, right away. They both protested ... but, against the backdrop of boo's, I dragged them out of there before they got into any trouble!!