"I think it is hot when a girl is shaved." said Jason.
"I don't know that it matters. I mean you see more but otherwise what is the point." Tim replied kind of sheepishly. "I mean, if I can be honest, I have never seen one in real life. Does it feel different?"
To this day I don't know what made me say it but I did. Looking back I couldn't have know where it would lead. Even if I did; I wouldn't have done it any different. I guess maybe it was pride. Funny how a guy can get so jealous if another guy is showing interest in his girl but we still want the girl everyone wants.
"Autumn is shaved." My words were not loud or forceful but even as I said them I could feel their weight. The other guys just stopped in their tracks as I continued into the video store. I imagined a surprised look exchanged between them before they composed enough to catch up with me.
"She is? Really?"
"All the way or just a bit of hair above it?"
"Why did she do it? Is it better that way?"
At first I just laughed as they poured questions at me. Then it dawned on me. They had no idea. I was a few years their elder but I got started in my sex ed at a pretty early age and have always dated the adventurous girl. Granted a girl shaved may not excite the guy who has been around the block a bit but to these two barely 18 boys it was the jackpot.
So putting on my teacher's cap I began to explain why I preferred it.
"It's not about wanting some sick fantasy. I don't pretend she is a young girl or anything. And yes I would still like it either way.....Yes it looks great......Yes she feels it more. Especially oral sex......Well especially when she is freshly shaved she is very sensitive. Grow out your beard a little, sorry Tim-can you do that yet?....haha....ya then shave it off. Gently caress your face. It will feel very sensitive.....Same thing....."
The questions continued. I explained how I could actually suck on parts of her with it shaved. How it made it her feel fresh and she felt she was able to be cleaner there. But what I thought was the hottest part to me? It was for sex. It didn't have another function. It was to stimulate me visually and us both physically. It let us have hotter more experimental oral sex. It felt awesome for us both and sometimes she was so much more sensitive in her pants that she would find herself wet all day. Even the act made her feel more attractive and more desirous so it led to more frequent sex with more abandon. When she took the time to shave it was like she was planning, preparing and hoping to get laid. Hell at that age that is the only reason most guys get out of bed but for her it gave her a reason to get some. She knew how much I appreciated her body and she got a charge out of how much it turned me on. She was always a bit of an exhibitionist.
By now I could see the affect the talk was having on them. We would be hushed when near others shopping in the video store but it was harder and harder for them to think. Finally I just asked them "What are we getting here?"
"Porn." They said. I laughed. I knew Autumn would go for it but Tim's girlfriend was there too so no way. She was pretty up tight and I knew for a fact she found porn, masturbation and sex before marriage gross. She was willing to make out and go a ways so poor Tim was left with blue balls more often than not.
"We will never pull it off and you know it. But I have an idea. Let's get a regular film and something a bit wild but not full porn. I will pick something off the new releases you two find something that will have some good scenes but not be so far out that it looks like we were trying for it."
I picked out some new Tom Hanks flick and they found a detective story that happened to take place in a strip club. It looked soft enough we could pull it off.
"Back to the girls with movies and pizza we go! We mighty male hunters have a feast for our gals." I said in my best male grunt.
"We bring back the treasure and they give us the booty." Tim added. "Sorry Jason. None for you."
"Like you will be getting any yourself Tim. We all know she ain't giving up nothing."
Tim just looked down and made a huge fake sigh. He began to cry quite theatrically. We laughed. They had been trying to wait. I knew it was more her idea than his.
We got back to the house and began to watch the movie. Jason on the floor, Tim and his girlfriend, Angie were on the loveseat. I laid with Autumn on the couch. We began having a few drinks but Angie was staying pretty sober. Her parents expected her home soon. After the first movie we put in the second one. It didn't take long to get raunchier than I expected. Less than 5 minutes in a girl was stripping on a pole. She got fully naked and was shaved.
"Look familiar Chad?" Jason laughed.
Autumn flashed me a weird look. I couldn't tell if she was mad or curious but either way I had some explaining to do. Shortly I went upstairs to make another round of drinks. As I had stood up I realized the last round was more potent than I had imagined. I began mixing this next one lighter for everyone when I felt a hand reach around my waste and grab my crotch.
"Damn it Tim. Not with the girls downstairs I said in my best lisp."
Autumn just grabbed tighter at my jest. "Haha. Now just what was that "look familiar" quip downstairs?"
I really tried to have an open relationship with her so I had to tell the truth. Besides I figured she already knew and I had no good lies ready.Her eyes got wide when I told her the details.
"Okay, I was not expecting that. Why did you tell them? That explains why they keep looking at me and smiling. Oh man, they are imagining what it looks like I bet." Her mind raced as she thought about the possibilities. She didn't look entirely upset. That could be good news for me.
"What did you think they meant?" I asked her.
"Oh I just figured you had gone to a strip club sometime in your life." She smiled.
"A strip club, crap, why didn't I think of that. That would have been a good one." I hadn't thought to cover my tracks that way.
"I still can't believe you told them. I feel exposed now." Autumn had a deep sound to her voice. It seemed hot and dirty the way she said it. It was as if she was turned on by these young guys wanting her.
The way she said it gave it away. To an outside person they wouldn't have seen it but we had bee together for years. The word exposed gave her a subtle chill. Her cheeks were flushed. I could detect her nipples getting a little bit hard and I didn't need to check to know she would be wet.
"Oh, now somebody is getting turned on by it, aren't they." I teased as I pulled her close.
"I would say that is a two way street, somebody is hard."
I hadn't even noticed but I was. Now let me explain how all this came to be. Up to this point our love making was passionate and often. We had a very active fantasy life and we both knew we were safe to share anything together. This had led to some pretty wild fantasies. You know the kind that only seem like a good idea as you are reaching a climax. The kind that later seemed too wild to actually be a good idea at any other time. We both accepted these as fantasy and no more. Most often we would never act on them. Making love in front of a crowd at a concert. She had a teacher she had a crush on in middle school. We had talked about her going back and now that her little sister was in his class we had talked about Autumn blowing him at a recess. I knew it was safe. I knew she would never do that in real life but it was fun to fantasize. It would often rev up our sex to a fevered pitch.
I equate it now to listening to friends who did a lot of drugs later in life. Middle of the night and high as a kite they could get a plan to save the world together. It would make no sense the next day. How were we going to use Twinkies to stop all wars again? Still it was a great outlet for us to explore. When you are young you still don't know what is and will be a turn on but together we were learning and growing.
It all started with Autumn working at a coffee hut in front of a grocery store. She would go into the store at night to clean the machines. One particular butcher was a very good looking guy and all the girls would talk and flirt with him. He wasn't really her type and he reminded me of the handsome rich bad guy in every 80's film but still she admitted he wasn't hard to look at. I would often follow her in there to the back room to clean the gear. Now prior to this part our fantasies were about in what position I wanted her in. Or what place we would have sex. It never involved anyone in any fashion but us.
One night we were getting a little frisky while she was cleaning up. We often made out in semi public places and loved the thrill of being caught. Even if it was just her pulling me up so the tip of my dick was above my pants and giving me a quick suck or me sticking a hand up her skirt to feel we would tease and tease. Then when we were alone we would be all over each other. Well one time I was being very frisky and she sprayed me with water and told me to cool off. I grabbed the hose and blasted her shirt. Well she was wearing a white polo and a dark blue bra. She just laughed and I don't think she realized how see through she was. She finished cleaning and on the way out her butcher passed us. He was just staring at her chest and I could tell she noticed. She was a young attractive girl, very fit and had nothing to be ashamed of. Guys all over the store were just staring at her. To my surprise I liked it. I was often a jealous guy but it was turning me on. I even made her stay with me as I grabbed a few things I "needed."
Later in my car she complained about the cold because of her shirt and I realized the water had made her nipples hard. She looked down and saw her shirt. She freaked out when she realized what a show she was giving to the guys in our middle sized town. Back at my house as we made out she asked if I noticed her shirt. I explained I had and how it actually turned me on. As I told her about all the guys wanting her I began to go down on her. I would lick her a bit then tell her about each guy I noticed in turn. I would make up a little story about where in the store they were imagining fucking her. Or what they wanted her to do to them. I had no idea what they were thinking but it didn't matter. They idea of a store full of guys wanting her was enough to get her more turned on than ever. She was almost dripping with excitement.
I told her how the middle aged guy with the wife wanted to see her without the bra. Her wet shirt clinging to her nipples. Then he wanted her to suck his dick. It kept going. I even told her about the butcher. That her shirt was even more see through when he saw her. I also lied and told her he had a hard on. I didn't know if he did but I knew she would like it. I told her he was going to the meat locker to jack off thinking about bending her over the dishwashing station. When she went down on me she was sucking on me and staring in my eyes but it was different. It was like she was giving a show.
I caught on to her thinking and began to ask her questions. "Would it have been a turn on to let the guys check you out" She nodded my dick still in her mouth. "Would it have been a turn on to let them watch me spray you?" Another nod and a moan. I pulled out of her mouth and crawled on top. "Would it bother you that tonight several of them are jacking off thinking about you." By this time I was sliding in and out of her pussy. I don't think I had ever felt that wet. She just moaned and ground her pussy against me harder.
I didn't want to push it too far too fast so I focused in on our Butcher friend. I asked her if she wanted him to watch too. She nods and begins biting my neck. "Would you let him stand in the door and watch." Yes she breathed heavily back. "He couldn't see much from there. Would you let him get a little closer." She looked deep into my eyes and nodded. I could see she was worried I might be bothered by our talk. I told her that she was making me hot and I loved what she was saying. "Would you let him get really close to you." She said if I was okay with it so I told her I would let him stand right next to her. "What if he was hard? Would you be uncomfortable?" I asked her. By now I was feeling the tight feeling growing in me but I struggled to hold on.
What she said next surprised me. "I would feel uncomfortable she said. I would be getting him all hard and he making me all wet watching but he has to suffer with a hard on. I would tell him to pull it out and stroke it for me. Then he would get satisfaction and I would get to watch too."
That blew me away and I began to pick up the pace. She then said she wouldn't let him touch but if he wanted to be close he could cum on her tits. Even as she said it she began to orgasm. Her legs pulled me in close as she came. I surprised myself with what I said next. "If you were getting fucked in front of him and his cock is inches from your face I think you need to suck him a little." She looked at me with a mixture of shock and extascy as she came even harder.
I was surprised at it myself. I kept telling myself that it was only a fantasy and I would never want it to happen in real life but I kept fantasizing about it. Slowly growing from only talking about it at the heat of passion to eventually talking about it often when we had sex. It also slowly grew from a guy to sometimes her saying she would even be willing to take as many as 4 or 5 cocks in her a night. We even started using toys and she would pretend they were some guy's cock and suck me while she fucked it. Sometimes she would use a dildo in her pussy before I fucked her. The feeling of her wet pussy already warmed and stretched just a little would always get me going. Once when we were sneaking a fuck outside in our shed she had me sneak in and grab her long thin dildo. When I came back she had managed to find a clamp and stuck it to a table leg at the right height. After laying down a blanket she got on her knees and backed up till it was in her pussy. Then she proceeded to suck my dick and lick my balls while pushing deeper and deeper into the dildo.
Eventually our fucking even worked into anal sex and her working my cock in her pussy or ass while I would use the toy in the other. The skin between the ass and pussy walls are thin and I could feel the dildo. When our rhythm was right it would produce orgasms that would leave her legs so shaky she wouldn't be able to stand for 5 minutes.
So back to the kitchen on our movie night. There I was pressing hard against her and her wet against me. Maybe it was the alcohol but a plan was forming in my mind. She suggested we sneak off to the bathroom for a quickie but I knew better. A quickie now would still mean sex later but I wanted her horny. The hornier the better for my plan. I was trying to decide whether to let her in on it when we were interrupted by footsteps. Her friend Angie was coming up. She said she had to go and asked Autumn to take care of the guys they were getting pretty drunk. I told Autumn to get changed and we would go to bed soon and take care of our "problem". Deep inside I had another plan.
Downstairs the guys were still watching the movie. The movie was getting raunchier. The girl was getting it hard in the bathroom. Autumn came down and I could see by the walk she was very tipsy. My bedroom was at the end of the hall so she went in to change. She came back in some loose shorts of mine and a t-shirt with no bra. Now fancy lingerie is great but when a girl looks comfy that is all I need. She laid down on the couch and we all began joking and commenting on the film. Soon everything was falling right into my plan.
"Why do guys want to watch this stuff. It just makes you horny." Autumn asked.
"Well it is hot and guys always love seeing a hot girl. Especially naked." Tim replied.
"Ya but you will have no satisfaction. It is like going to a strip club. If you don't get to release why suffer?" "Well guys always think they might not have to. Deep inside they hope to get laid all the time."
"Beside who says we won't get off? Just wait till we go to the bathroom for an "extended trip." Jason laughed.
"And I know for a fact you watch porn by yourself sometimes." I added.
"Yes but if I am it is because I plan to get off!!." And with that the guys were stunned for a second time. They hadn't met very many girls as forward as her. If you just saw Autumn you would have expected a timid girl. She was anything but.
"How do you mean?" Asked Tim. I would have thought it was a pathetic attempt to get her to describe it but the poor guy really didn't understand. So my polite and drunk girlfriend began to tell them that she used to sneak into her dad's porn when he was gone. She would sneak a film to the family room downstairs and then proceed to pleasure herself with a variety of items. In a total "at band camp" moment she explained all the things her young pussy had found. Pens, markers, a video game controller, vegetables, a fireplace tool set, the handle of a screw driver, an electric toothbrush. Even I was getting turned on.
I had heard the stories before in greater detail and she had even called me during some of them to describe what she was doing so I wasn't surprised by them. I was surprised at how turned on I was that she was being so dirty in front of these guys. Tim had been our friend for over a year and Jason we had only met that day. He was in town for the week visiting Tim. I was also surprised that both guys fixed their growing bulges with out even thinking about it. They were so engrossed in the story that they didn't realize that both of them actually adjusted their erections and gave them a good squeeze as the did.
The fact didn't escape Autumn. What they couldn't see was her hand. We were on the couch under the blanket on our sides. She was in front but her hand was behind her back in my shorts and giving my hard cock a good squeeze. Her hand got even firmer when she realized how turned on the guys were.
The conversation mellowed a bit after that. Finally Autumn asked why we were watching this edited shit. She left the room and headed into the bedroom. Jason and Tim just looked at me expectantly. I smiled but said nothing. I knew what they were thinking. Autumn comes off as straight laced. She doesn't talk about sex out of the bedroom with me. She wasn't perverted and didn't seem like the type to enjoy this kind of thing. Little did they know she got off flashing guys, or even at restaurants would tell me which table she would most like to let everyone there fuck her. She returned a moment later with a new DVD. It was a porn that was a favorite of ours. Of course one thing we liked was most of the scenes featured a girl with a couple of guys. They guys cheered at the new film.
As we began watching the film everyone had drank their drink dry. So up again I went to refill. While I mixed the drinks I decided to really play it up. I still made it strong but I added a highly caffeinated mix with energy boosters. No falling asleep for us. In my mind I imagined that they would be double teaming her when I came back down but deep inside I still didn't think I would want it to actually happen. Still why did I keep working the set up if I didn't plan to go through with it? Maybe I knew the thrill of "almost" would keep us going for months. My fantasy was interrupted when again Autumn came upstairs this time when I turned to face her she simply dropped to her knees and pulled my still firm cock from my shorts. With no pretense or tease she buried my cock deep in her hot wet mouth. Her mouth felt hotter than I remembered in recent time. It felt like she could make me cum in seconds. She stopped almost as fast as she started. She stood up with that innocent face that looked like she had no idea what she was doing and at the same time she was begging to be fucked. I grabbed her leg and raised it to my hip to spread her legs and open the wide leg of the shorts. I slipped two fingers deep into her pussy with no resistance. I finger fucked her for a moment. Almost immediately she began to move her hips against me.
I knew that meant she was also close so I stopped. No early release from this prison of lust. Then to fully add to the surprise and naughtiness of the situation I used the fingers I had just fucked her to stir our drinks. I even stirred hers with it. Rather than being shocked she simply smiled and drank deep. Then to show I wouldn't go farther than her she stuck my fingers deep in her mouth and licked them clean. I don't mean to be crude but she was always had the most amazing natural flavor. I would crave her and I was willing to please anytime she would let me.
She went to the bathroom again as I headed back downstairs. The guys were visibly bummed she wasn't back. I told them don't worry she would be back and handed them a drink. Inside I was smiling that no matter what happened now they were tasting at least a little of her. We turned back to the movie and a girl was busy getting fucked by a pair of guys. One guy was in her ass and the other in her mouth. They gave a nice close up of her shaved pussy. Again they asked if it looks familiar. I laughed.
"Which part the pussy or the ass fucking?" I asked for clarification.
"Umm, I meant the pussy... but okay either one?"
I said nothing but smiled. Both just kept pressing. "C'mon, she doesn't. No way."
Finally I shut them up with a single word. "Both."
The guys proceeded to be typical guys and began making fake bowing motions at me. "We're not worthy, We're not worthy." They chanted. Apparently the fact that I had fucked her ass and she was shaved made me the new king. I was okay with that.
"You are right, you're not." I laughed. Jason looked a little actually heartbroken.
"What is wrong?"
"Well, it has been months since I got any. Even then it was only a little with this girl who was so nervous she would only fuck in the dark in the missionary position. I would be lying if I didn't admit to being jealous." Jason confessed.
"Well I have been with my girl but only to second base. I have been blue balled for 6 months." Tim added.
"Okay, look, would it help to admit she just blew me a little upstairs? And wanted to fuck real quick." I asked mockingly. The guys answered with a hail of pillows and derogatory comments about my mom.
"Well if you are behaved I would be willing to at least give both of you your first look at a shaved pussy. But you don't tell your girlfriend." I indicated to Tim. "And you respect what ever she tells you. If you are gentlemen she will be open to it. She may even give you a little treat."
"We will be but are you sure you are okay with it?" Even with a hot girl and the offer of seeing her pussy they were cool about it. That locked it in for me. These guys might just be what we needed to fulfill her fantasy.
I explained that sex was not the same thing as love. Sex could bring us together in love but it also could simply be about the physical. Autumn was the same way, besides I told them I am only talking about a look, and only if you behave.
They agreed to do whatever she asked if the could see it. That really ensured tonight was a night to remember.
Down she came, the guys were super quiet. But all eyes were on her. She sat down confused and I gently shook my head out of her vision. The guys got the hint and turned back to the movie. I began to let my hands explore her body. Feeling and groping. She returned the favor. We had made out at parties before. Even fucked in the dark with others in the room doing the same thing but never had we done this. Lights on and only a few guys to witness. They would occasionally look back but their wasn't much to see. She was keeping the blanket high. You could tell my hands were on her breasts or in her shorts. I made sure the movements were exaggerated so they could see what I was doing. Then Jason got up to use the bathroom. On his way back down he would walk by the couch. I lifted her shirt but she tried to pull it down. Tim kept his back to us and was watching the TV. As Jason came down the stairs Autumn tried to lower her shirt but I smiled and held it high. My mouth came down on hers and my hand cupped her breast lifting it up and out but doing little to hide her exposed breast. He slowed for a second on the way by. I knew he was watching and so was she... My cock twitched in my pants.
"What are you doing" she mouthed to me. I whispered that I wanted her to be seen and be wanted. She let me continue to lift her shirt and occasionally let the blanket slip down. The guys weren't really shy about hiding the fact that they kept adjusting their boners. I whispered that they had never seen a shaved pussy before. She shrugged and looked confused. Then as the light dawned on her she realized what I was suggesting. Are you sure she mouthed again? I nodded. Then she leaned in and whispered to my ear. The vibrations sent tingles down my spine and set the butterflies in my stomach to an even stronger flutter. I won't soon forget the words or their meaning.
"If I do it I may not want to stop. I am yours completely but if this is okay with you I will do what ever you want me to." At her words my stomach leapt. Did I really want this? Was it okay? I swallowed and knew it was too late to turn back. I loved her and didn't want her to do anything she didn't want to but at the same time I was too turned on to turn back. I think inside I hoped she wouldn't be able to stop.
I held her for a second and told her she could do what she wanted but only what she truly desired. Don't do it for me or any other reason. Do it because you want to. I told her I would love her either way. I gave her permission to go as far as she wanted. She looked at me for a second and then smiled.
She rolled back to face the guys and asked how they were doing. She left her shirt partially up. It covered her nipples but exposed the bottom of her firm 36C breasts. They admitted to being horny and frustrated. That's too bad she said. She stood up and took my hand leading me into the bedroom.Now I was the one confused. Suddenly I realized I wanted this to happen as much as she did. She pulled me onto the bed and began kissing me.
"Last chance to back out." she said. "If we do this I want to fuck Jason. Tim's girlfriend is my friend so I will only let him watch and maybe cum on my tits."
Holy shit! I couldn't believe it. I wasn't sure if I was ready for that but the way my dick was hard as a rock I knew what he wanted. I said I wanted her to fuck Jason and me at the same time. She told me to get them. With that she began removing her clothes.
I left and returned to the guys. Tim tried to make a smart ass comment about me being done already but I could see the hope in his eyes. I wasn't sure what to say so I blurted out that she wanted them to see her naked. I only told them that Jason would be allowed to touch her pussy. Just in case she backed out I didn't want to set the expectations too high.
After again assuring the guys I was cool with it we all got up and walked to the bedroom. My stomach was in knots as I imagined what was about to happen.
When we got in the room Autumn was under the covers already. I could tell she was nervous so I walked over to her. She held my hand tight and looked at me. I nodded. The guys were both standing at the foot of the bed watching. She slowly started pulling the covers up. They revealed her bare feet and calves. She was an attractive and shapely girl. Her legs still held their summer tan and her skin looked smooth and warm. She then scooted onto her back, straightening her legs, revealing up to her knees. She kept pulling the blanket, slowly teasing us. The look on the guys face's must have mirrored mine. Full of nervous anticipation, excitement and sexual energy that threatened to overtake us all.
Autumn was staring at the guy's faces. Both wore their desire openly. Staring at her like a shiny new toy they really wanted to play with. She was enjoying the power she held. I could see it in her eyes. I knew without having to look that she would be soaking wet. She slid her blanket over her toned thighs. Higher and higher. My dick was so hard it hurt. Then finally the smooth lips of her pussy were revealed. I had seen them hundreds of times but exposed in front of my friends made it all like new. She was moist, swollen and pink from excitement. The boys let out gasps of appreciation. Jason commented on how hot she looked. Tim on how much better this was than a movie.
Autumn slowly drew her knees up and spread her legs. She pulled the blanket off revealing her naked top. She had large D breasts with small pink nipples. They were one of her best attributes. They were also hard from excitement. She was very sensitive there. I liked where this was going. The guys made more comments about her body. They were quickly becoming more crude and aggressive. She slid a hand to her breast. Pinching and kneading her breasts. The slowly tracing a line down to her stomach she pulled her smooth lips apart with one hand giving the guys a show. She slid a finger in and pulled it out, wet and slick from excitement. She traced it back up her stomach and slipped it into her mouth.
Now even I was shocked. She often hesitated to kiss me after I would go down on her. She was obviously turned on by all of this too. She reached under the pillow next to her and pulled out ol' trusty. It was a dildo I bought her a long time ago. It looked like a real cock and it vibrated just right. She loved that thing. She brought it down to her lips and began rubbing the head against herself. Up and down her slit, drawing her moisture to the outside, getting the tip slick and wet for entry. She raised and lowered her hips too. She wouldn't have done all that by herself but this wasn't for her. She was really getting into the show now.
She made a moan as she slid all 8 inches of it inside in one push. Her legs lifted high and she reached around her own ass to grab the toy. Both knees were up by her head now as she began fucking her pussy with this fake cock. The guys had moved right next to the bed on either side, watching the show. Jason started to get on the bed when she stopped him. Pants off she said. Both guys quickly stripped bare and slid in.
Jason was hung shorter but pretty thick. Tim had an average dick. Both were circumcised. Autumn would like that. She had never liked the uncut kind. I started to get on the foot of the bed when I was instructed that I too had to be naked to be here. I quickly did as ordered. I slid up between her legs and began licking all around the toy. Nibbling her bare thighs gently. My tongue teasing her. I even began teasing her asshole with my finger.
She was making soft animal sounds by now. I looked up from what I was doing to see she had Jason's mouth attached to one of her nipples. He was sucking with all his might. Her hand encircled his cock and she was stroking him tightly. She looked right into my eyes. I had seen her turned on but this was beyond that. She looked like a dirty slut who only thought of sex. At that moment that was what she was. I was loving it. She was my dirty slut and I loved her.
Tim's cock was hard and he was stroking it on his knees watching her. She took his free hand and placed it on her breast. Apparently he would be allowed to touch some. With hands all over her body and mouths enjoying her flesh from all sides she was in heaven. She began to twitch and ram her fake cock in harder and harder. Her hips lifting off the bed. Until finally in a huge orgasm she almost screamed with intensity, the feeling shuddering over her. I kept licking her until I knew the feeling stopped. When I looked up I was surprised to see Tim's dick in her mouth. She was sucking him for all her might. In moments I saw his body tense up and he began to come in her mouth. She just kept sucking, swallowing every drop.
I moved out of the way and Jason slipped over to her pussy. He licked it a few times. Running his finger over her smoothness. The orgasm had barely subsided and she was hyper sensitive. I saw her buck under his touch as it was almost too much. Jason seemed less concerned with her feelings as just exploring a shaved woman so closely. He lifted himself up and pulled his chest to hers.
She looked into his eyes. For a moment I wondered if I really was going to let this happen. One man just came in her mouth another was set to stick a hard dick in her. Before I could think much about it, she reached down and grabbed his ass with both hands, pulling him into her waiting hole. Between the dildo and the licking and the excitement he slid all the way in easy. He quickly began fucking her, short hard thrusts that pushed her around on the bed. Tim had slid back and was watching now. He still played with his half hard tool, I could see the ring around it from her lipstick.
No one spoke in words, just grunts and moans. Jason was fucking her hard. I slid up beside her and looked at her wet mouth. She just swallowed a load of cum from a friend in there I thought. But I sure didn't let that stop me from sticking mine in their too. To her credit she sucked well even with Jason pounding away. Maybe women really are better at multi-tasking?
She pushed against Jason's chest, holding him back and making him stop for a second. She rolled over onto all fours and resumed sucking my dick. Jason looked confused for a second then realized she was just letting him fuck her from behind now. He slid back in and settled into a smooth steady rhythm. Now she could blow me easily while he fucked her. Tim moved in closer and began playing with her tits.
Jason could take it any longer and began pulling her hard into him. The idea of him coming in her wet pussy was too much. She began sucking so hard her teeth were beginning to rub me. I was so hard it didn't hurt but it felt oddly good. She began shaking and I realized she was coming too. Jason groaned a final time and shoved in deep. She would have collapsed but he held her tight with his hands and impaled on his shaft. I blew too. It was too much, I felt the room go dark and though I might pass out for a second. It was one of the hardest orgasms of my life.
Everyone just sort of sat there for a few minutes. I got up and grabbed some towels from the bathroom. I passed them out and all began cleaning up a bit. The guys each kissed her cheek and thanked Autumn for a great night. We agreed this would never happen again and we would never speak of it. I laid with her in bed. We talked a little about if this would change things and how we felt. We finally agreed it was a one time thing and we would only talk about it here. I might feel bad about breaking our vow but the next morning Autumn decided she had one more fantasy to live out while we had three willing men here. So much for one time...