WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
"Salad officially tossed."
Paige Turner tosses her salad tongs aside on to the counter, while her father Lonnie checks on his porkchops in the oven, preferring baked over fried.
"Chops are close." He shuts the oven door, twisting to look about at everything. "Potatoes mashed. Green beans with bacon simmering. Dinner rolls ready to toss in when the chops come out. What's left? Oh, yeah. Bottle of wine to chill. Get the ice bucket out and put the bottle in, tray of ice around it."
"Really Daddy? Do we really need a bucket of ice?"
"Guess not. Nervous is all."
"Relax. Deborah likes you Daddy. No need to be too extravagant."
"So the flowers I bought her were too much?"
"Noooo! Flowers are good. Just maybe not red roses until you admit your undying love for one another." She giggles.
"For crying out loud. Go get dressed. They're here in thirty minutes and you're nude wearing only a Kiss the Cook apron."
"With All Over scribbled under the word Cook in black sharpie. I thought it was cute. I'm so clever."
With an oven mit on his right hand he muffles a slap to his daughters bare ass making her laugh. Assisting her in removing the apron over her long scarlet hair with his free hand he grins evilly. Pulling the mit off with his teeth he wags his eyebrows at his daughter and raises his uncovered hand ready for another swat to her bottom. She winces and tries to evade him squealing "Nooo!" In response he tickles her instead sharing good times. Finally he pecks her on the cheek lovingly and grunts. "SCOOT BEFORE I BOOT."
She was gone. As she vanished from the kitchen he yells out, "Put on a nice dress."
"I know just the one."
He should have picked it out himself. Lord have mercy.
Thirty minutes on the kitchen egg timer Lonnie knew he was out of borrowed time. Chops out, dinner rolls in. Regardless of what Paige said he did put a bottle of red wine in an ice bucket. His wanting to impress Deborah was impacting his imagination. Eying the apron he decided to wear it himself just for kicks. He knew Paige would call him out on her creativeness but it was good for a few laughs he thought.
Hearing a pair of car doors out front he made one last check on the dinner rolls so as not to burn them and headed toward the door. In passing he swooped up two roses from the vase on the dinner table and put them between his teeth in a charming manner. It was a good thing Paige clipped the thorns or he might be bleeding out.
Doorbell rung he takes a deep breath and swiftly opens the door. Eyes bulging at Deborah's cleavage he nearly let the roses fall from his mouth. She was absolutely radiant. Wearing a black dress with a red wavey pattern moving vertically down her gorgeous body and ending at her thigh high hemline. She smiled brightly at the roses as he opened the screen door. Removing the roses he stared for a moment.
"If this is a dream...don't wake me up."
With a warm caress to his cheek Deborah Johnson beams with pride, "Not even if I stay the night Big Daddy." She accepts her rose then follows up with a kiss to his opposite cheek, her caressing palm still touching him for effect. This led them both into a melding embrace. As he absorbed her delicious scent he peers down behind Deb to discover her shorter companion. Gazing up at him with devilish big brown orbs stood Deborah's daughter Coco alias Coochie. While claiming her own rose the girl mouths the words, "I'm going to fuck you." Lonnie scowled as a reply and overlooked her brazen outlook on life.
"This must be Coochie." He opened up as Deb eased to his side just inside the door.
"My lil' hellion. God love her." Deb winced with a thin smirk.
"Like my dress?" Coochie twirled in a 360. She was wearing a tight white mini dress with the sides laced up, revealing open flesh from armpit to hip. Aiming to behave Lon puckered at her attire.
"You look lovely. My daughter has a..."
They find themselves interupted when Paige joins the reunion. Easing around her Father Paige greets them with a stunning smile. That is until she noticed Coochie's dress. Dropping her jaw she sighs, "Twins?" Paige was wearing the very same dress only in black.
"Ebony and Ivory?" Lonnie joked until Deb frowned at him. He cringed slightly until her expression brightened up.
"I love Stevie Wonder." Deb broke the tension then leans in to hug Paige, "You look lovely sweetheart. Much better than those pajamas I met you in."
"Oooo! I have a brand new pair of Hello Kitty jammies." Paige is reminded of her gift via Mister Frank. It suddenly dawned on her that she needed to text the man and say that she missed him. Missing his nephew Robin even more. She would do that later.
"Good for you. With buttons I hope." Deb winks.
Paige pouts gently, "I don't like buttons."
"Well..." Lonnie clasps his hands, "Shall we step inside before the neighbors get nosey and think I hired strippers?"
"He thinks I could be a stripper. I so adore this man." Deb shivers at Coochie who merely grins. "Coochie? This young lady is Paige. Say hello please."
"Love the red hair." Coochie opts to compliment.
"Love the extensions." Paige admires the beaded additions to Coochie's hair.
Silence briefly Lonnie ushers everyone inside and closes the door. It was then that Deb noticed the apron. Accepting his offer the Nubian goddess slithers close and kisses his neck. He blushes looking through the corner of his eye at the girls.
"Ummm! What's this all about?" He chuckles. In response Deborah taps her index finger over the words on his apron. The second Paige realized he was wearing her apron she narrowed her eyes, "HEY! THAT'S MY APRON." Lonnie sighed and enjoyed Deb's succulent lips. He finally quakes at the chill her warm exhales were leaving upon his neckline. Laughing Deb eases back and winks at Paige.
"His now Baby. I love me some Su Chef. Mmmm mmm! Some vittles smell good."
"Something is burning." Coochie sniffed the air.
"SHIT! My dinner rolls." Lonnie darted away abandoning the ladies who enjoy his panic attack. Deb setting her purse on a table by the door smiles before patting Paige on the arm.
"Never let a man cook." Her whisper made Paige wrinkle her nose. Watching Deb join Lonnie in the kitchen Paige pivots on her heel to eye Coochie.
"So...why are you sending nakie videos to my Daddy?"
"You know about that?" Coochie snickers, "I like messing with my Mom's guys."
"Guys? She has more than one?" Paige loses expression.
"Relax Red. My Mom isn't seeing other guys. All she does is talk about her Big Daddy. I can see why, your Dad is hot."
"Isn't it rude to be trying to steal your Mom's boyfriend?"
"Naaaa! My Mom knows I do that shit. I'm a nympho what can I say."
"Really?" Paige fidgets then leans in to whisper, "Me too."
"I couldn't tell by the dress."
They share a laugh knowing both are wearing the same laced up dress. Coochie eyes Paige's lily white complexion. "White girl can't get much whiter."
"I was gonna say Coco can't get much more...chocolaty."
"Racist?"
"No. Are you?"
"If I was I wouldn't wanna fuck your Dad."
Paige bulges her eyes and expresses awe at her words. "Not going to happen on my watch."
"Not gonna fuck him on your watch...I'm gonna fuck him on his bed."
"Don't make me punch your lights out. I'll give you a black eye."
"See...you are racist."
"Ugggh!"
As Paige doubles her fist Coochie leans in nose to nose and smiles, "I like white girls too."
"Soooo not gonna happen." Paige wanted to laugh but tried her best to be defensive. Finally, they both broke silence and share their amusement.
"We nymphos need to stick together." Coochie giggles, "Literally."
"Someday you might be my step sister."
"That or I might be your stepmommy."
"OH HELL NO!" Paige belts out as loud as her kiddy like voice could escalate in octave. Shrinking with clenched teeth, hoping that their parents hadn't heard her outburst Paige smirks, "That's hilarious. Wanna see my room Mommy?"
"Rather see your Daddy's room. I'll settle."
"We are going to be soooo much trouble." Paige snatches up Coochie's hand and drags her out of sight. Fast friends? Time would tell just how fast.
In the kitchen Lonnie had turned on both the exhaust fan and the charm. Removing his apron he placed the collar over Deborah's neck and proceeded to leave a hicky on the woman's throat. The chemistry was still there. This led to them pawing each other up against the fridge. Magnets fell to the floor in their attraction. How ironic it was. Who needed dinner anyway. Her rose was tossed on the counter beside them.
"Mmm Big Daddy you take my breath away." Deb whispers softly with her eyelids sealed to absorb his tenderness. Her arms surrounding his own neck led to perfectly manicured nails digging into his polo shirt. He wanted her bad but knew that it would have to wait. Sighing as his lips left her throat he murmurs his desire to continue.
"I could kiss you all night long."
"Ditto Big Daddy. I suppose we should present a good example for the kids shouldn't we?"
"My kid knows what I'm like." He smirks.
"Somehow I can believe that. You don't have to tell me everything handsome. A momma knows."
Lonnie finds himself taken back by her comment. He knew that their first meeting at IHop might have looked bad but had he let on his attraction to his own daughter that day? It was more a show and tell scenario toward Frank Martinbaum than for himself. Wasn't it? Was he that obvious?
"Knows what?"
"You're the man of the house. You should have the priviledge to do as you want. I would never look down on you for anything you chose to do." She clings to his neckline with a warm subtle grin of acceptance.
"I'll play dumb here, what are you implying?" He shares a smirk of curiosity.
"Big Daddy I see how you look at Paige. I see how she looks at you. The two of you have...something unbreakable. Undeniable."
"Well yeah, I am her Father. It's my job to adore my kid."
Deborah tilts her head with a half grimace that calls him out. He swallows wryly at her gaze studying his. "Are you insinuating that I'm...with Paige?"
"Not saying another word Sweetie. I'm here for you no matter what your decision and lifestyle tells you to do. I would think by now you would know I'm openminded toward most anything."
"Including...our...closeness...Paige and I."
"Well...you did sell her to her not so much Grandfather."
"Pretty stupid of me, huh?"
"We both know Paige lives to make you happy. As long as you make her happy too that bond will strengthen. Like I said...unbreakable."
"Alright, while we're on this subject...why are you so open as to let your daughter send me masturbation videos? Doesn't that bother you? It's like she's trying to steal away your...well, me."
"She's me when I was her age Lonnie."
"BIG DADDY." He insists with a playful glare.
"Mmmm! You're liking my nickname aren't you?"
"I do. Let's stick with that nickname."
"My pleasure. I'll never refer to you as anything else." She nibbles her lower lip before continuing, "As I was saying, I was the same way growing up. I liked my body and I enjoyed letting men see it. I still do. I know I got it going on still."
"That you do Runway Diva."
"Is that my nickname?"
"Naaa! I'll find a better one."
"Make it sexy." She too insists.
"Let's discuss this further after dinner. From my bed."
"Well now! Inviting us to spend the night?"
"We're locking the bedroom door. I'm not letting your kid sleep with us." He offered a stern look.
"Coochie might come in through the window." Deb chuckles.
"Fuck it. Your kid just mouthed her intention to fuck me behind your back at the front door. Now I'm worried."
"She's testing you."
"I have enough trouble keeping Paige's hormones in check. Now I have two to stress over?"
"Package deal Big Daddy. My baby goes where I go."
"Maybe we should get them both jobs and let them share an apartment."
"Uh huh! They would be evicted in a week."
"So we're saddled with them?"
"It almost sounds as if you're moving us in with you."
"Well, no...not the worst idea...but don't you think we should get to know each other better? Tame the kids."
"I agree. My lease is up soon though. No pressure. One bedroom cubicle where we live now but it's home."
"One bedroom? Coochie doesn't have her own bedroom?"
"Oh no. We share a queen size bed. I know it sounds strange but she's slept with me since she was a baby. Don't read too much into that. It's out of convenience."
"So where did she sleep if you had guys over?"
"Don't judge me." She snickers, "The couch silly."
"Whew! I was hoping you didn't say with you and the guy."
"Like you Big Daddy...there is a freaky side to me. That's exactly why I don't frown on you and Paige. I adore you both regardless."
"When she turned eighteen awhile back I made the rule of no clothing while at home."
"I can abide by that rule." She winks mischivously.
"I meant Paige and I. That rule would need to change."
"It doesn't have to."
"Yeah it does. I don't think I could deal with Coochie seeing my erection around you...or Paige sadly."
"Sweetie? I can barely keep that girl clothed as it is. We had the cable guy over to replace our DVR and that girl answered the door in all her glory. I was in the shower at the time. If I hadn't walked out in my towel she would have been riding that poor man."
"EXACTLY! I don't want Coochie trying to ride me. I want you...not her...that way."
"I understand that Big Daddy. We can sit down and talk with our babies when and if we decide to share a residence. I have two months on my lease still, although they do try and get us to sign on a month early. Again...no pressure."
"Right. I guess the kids must have gone into Paige's room. A good sign they're getting along I suppose."
"They'll be like sisters in no time. What worries me is who will influence whom more."
"Meaning what?"
"It's pretty obvious they both like men. My Coochie is on Tender like Paige is so she's met a few men already. I'm assuming Paige has as well."
"Ohhh yeah! My lil nympho."
"I say that to Coochie too." She sighs, "Like Mother, like daughter. Although I don't go after every man in sight. I can promise you faithfulness...unless of course Big Daddy wants to share his wealth." Her brow peaks looking for his thought on the subject.
"Want me to whore you out like I do my kid?"
"I'll leave that up to you Big Daddy. Like I said I swear my loyalty, the rest is on you."
"God we're some kind of freaks aren't we?"
"Are we complaining?"
"Not yet."
"Good. Our food is getting cold."
"We can nuke our plates."
Lonnie decided dessert was on the menu first. Chocolate mousse with a cherry on top. Deborah enjoyed his appetite. More magnets hit the floor.
Paige's bedroom...
"You sleep with a teddy bear?"
"That's Fuzzy. Yes, he's my boyfriend." Paige giggles.
"Not so well endowed though is he?" Coochie taps the bears privates.
"I have a much bigger teddy bear. His name is Joshy."
"In the closet?"
"If he wanted me there I'd do him there."
"Funny. I'm not into stuffed boyfriends."
Paige brightens up and snatches her cell from it's charger. Looking through her pictures she finds one of she and the bodybuilder Josh. It also had Bryan and Greg in the photo. They were all nude but no private parts were on display. Once located her arm extends full length in showing off the picture. Coochie flares her eyes at the selfie.
"Those are some mighty fine Bears, Boldilocks."
"I know." She whispers, "They all have huge dicks."
"Why are you whispering? Afraid your Dad might hear and bust you?"
"No! This guy Greg is one of Daddy's best friends."
"Does he know you're...?"
"Daddy lets me do whatever and whomever I want."
"Sounds like my Momma." Coochie reveals her own cell and digs for pictures of her own. Finding the one she had in mind she shares it with Paige. The man in the picture was also a bodybuilder type, only African American. "This is Antoine. I call him Ant."
"Big Ant."
"GIANT!" Coochie chuckles showing the man's nearly foot long penis.
"I bet that hurt."
"Why do you sound like you're twelve?"
"Why do you sound like you're thirteen?"
"Guys dig my soft voice even if I do get mouthy."
"I've learned that men like that youthful feel. Kind of creepy, but I like turning them on with my voice."
Coochie scans about her at Paige's room. Seeing pictures of she and her Mother Paula. "That your mom?"
"Yep. Same red hair. I took after her in that aspect."
"Gingers have no soul."
"Cartman? I love South Park."
"Not in my hood. You're awfully girly girly. Hello Kitty? For real?"
"HEY! DON'T YOU PUT DOWN MY PUSSY."
Coochie scowls, "I haven't seen it yet."
"Whoa! Are you...really into girls?"
"Sure! Why not?"
"I didn't mean me. Just curious..."
"Bi curious?"
"Noooooooo!"
"Lyin' bitch. I've seen you looking at my body."
"Only because our dresses match...except in color. White looks good on you."
"Black looks good on you. Maybe we'd look good on each other."
"I'll pass. I like dick."
"Dildo too it looks like." Coochie points under Paige's bed where the crown of a big rubber dong sat in view. Paige blushed, "Sorry. I thought I kicked it under the bed further."
"Don't be sorry Ginger. I got all the soul you need."
"Huh?" Paige looks confused until it dawns on her what Coco had meant, "Ohhh! Soul as in Soul sister."
"Whatever." Coochie drops to her hands and knees to look under the bed further. Reaching under the frame she drags out the Hitachi wand that Lonnie had bought her. "You sing?"
"That's not a microphone."
"I know that. I have one too. I sing like freakin' Missy Elliot when I use it."
"TMI!"
"TMI stands for Tuck Mine Inside. Ever try that?"
"Nooo!" Paige flares her eyes, "Now I need to try that."
"Lift that skirt up."
"NOT NOW!" She swats Coochie's hand away from her hemline. Pointing at the girl on her knees still with a deadly sneer, the expression faded fast. Both laughed at each other. "Maybe later."
"Daddy mentioned you were on Tender too. How many guys have you met on there?"
"Couple hundred. Physically? Ten. You?"
"I have over 2000 guys on my reply list. I've met a few but Daddy keeps me on a leash until I graduate. Once I have that diploma I can meet as many as I want."
"I graduate next week."
"Mine is on Saturday. You guys should come. Oh wait! My Mom will be there. Her racist asshole boyfriend too. I wouldn't want you two degraded by Mark."
"We can take care of ourselves. We have a family barbecue on Saturday anyway. You and stud Daddy are welcome to join us before your Graduation. All the ribs you can eat."
"Speaking of ribs. We should probably go eat dinner."
"I'm gonna play footsy with your Dad under the table."
"You have my blessing. I might do that too." Paige chuckles then realizes that she was basically admitting her own attraction to her Father, "With your mom. Wait! I give up."
"We'll probably have to fight with my Momma's feet. You put your foot on your Daddy's crotch?" Coochie squints smirking.
"Noooooo!"
"You don't lie very well Ginger. It's all good. If I had a daddy that hot I'd tapdance on that lapdance."
"Hilarious. Let's eat."
"I thought you weren't bi?"
"NOT THAT KIND OF EAT!! Oh my gosh! We should get on Tender after dinner and stir up trouble."
"I'm game."
A connection was made.
Shuffling into the dining room the girls discover the food in transit. Reheated necessities were finally ready to be served. Both Lon and Deb wore oven mits and were readily carrying casserole dishes and bowls of delicious smelling vittles.
"Have a seat ladies." Lon took time to play the gentleman and pull out a chair for Coochie offering a warm smile. Coochie slyly grinned at Paige first, then mouthed the words, "I'd rather sit on your face." He overlooked it as she took her seat and he nudged it forward. He did the same for Paige who politely thanked him.
As Deborah returned from the kitchen with what dinner rolls could be salvaged Lon waited for her to rest the plate on the table before offering his lady the Queen seat next to his.
"Why thank you Big Daddy. Such a gentleman."
"Tell me that when the lights go out." He winks. Both girls wince at their behavior. They knew exactly what that meant. Paige took a deep breath and found herself slightly jealous. Coochie merely stared at Lonnie with lust. That is until Deb fanned her clothe napkin at her daughter to end her flirtations...for the moment. Lon begins to take his own seat then realizes something was missing, "Wine."
"Are you going to allow us to drink wine Daddy?"
"Why not. We're celebrating new beginnings of a sort." He rushed back to the kitchen for the wine bucket, returning swiftly to place it toward the center of the table. Dragging the chilled bottle from the ice he opens it up and plays the coneseuer by inhaling the cap. "Ahhh! The grapes of wrath have been stomped properly."
"Ewww! Now I'm seeing Monks with purple feet." Paige snickers trying to be funny.
"Let's hope they didn't have athletes feet." Deb chuckles.
"Boiled away ladies. Glasses up." Lon moves from person to person in filling wine glasses. Once all four were full he puts the bottle back into the bucket and corks it. Claiming his goblet he stands tall and proposes a toast. "Tonight is very special to me. New loved ones. One very special eighteen year old that I've raised to be quite the lady. Two lovely graduates in the very near future. I can speak for Mom here and say we're proud of both of you. Now let's eat before another reheat."
"Cheers." Deb winks at the girls then takes a sip. As plates are being filled Deb opens the floor to conversation. "Paige? What are your plans after Saturday? Now that you will be a free woman."
"Free spirit even." She giggles, "I want to enjoy life for a few weeks before deciding anything. No college for me. I'm going to marry a rich man and live on sleasy street."
"That...sounds..." Deb mulls it over, "like every womans dream. Are you rich Big Daddy?" She turns her attention to Lonnie.
"Don't be getting any ideas. My wallet still has coupons in it I haven't used yet."
"Good thing I'm not after your money then."
"What about you Coochie? Plans?" Lon chooses his pork chop from the platter.
"I was thinking about becoming a pornstar."
"Lucretive position." He laughs, "You certainly have the right type of name to be one."
"Coochie Kuchiku if she was Japanese." Paige snorts then hides her mouth with her hand.
"Do I look Japanese?" Coochie narrows her eyes as Paige points at her expression.
"You do now."
"EAT." Lonnie decides to squash the joking. For the next ten minutes hardly a word was spoken as they dined. As their plates emptied and the ladies drank up, making faces at the taste of the wine, conversation was allowed.
"Coochie invited us to a cookout Saturday before graduation." Paige spoke up.
Deborah nearly choked on her wine. Hand poised in front of everyone she darts her eyes amongst them before speaking, "Not to sound racist, we all know we're not, but you two would be the only white folk there. My family is ...quite verbal with the N word that our culture seems insistant upon calling ourselves."
"Yeah why is it that African Americans can call yourselves the N word and it be fine. We use that term and we get stabbed or shot?" Silence ruled again as Deb once more pauses to look iritated. Of course she wasn't.
"Do we really need to take a walk down to the deep South?"
"Sorry but my kin didn't have any part in all of that. Blaming the good whites for the bad ones stupidity just doesn't seem fair."
"I agree." Deb nods, "Unfortunately, there is no wall separating the two sides. Color is the nearest barrier we can erect."
"I like white guys just fine." Coochie adds quietly.
"Will Antoine be at the cookout?" Paige whispers.
Hearing her Deb frowns, "Jai Antoine?"
"Giant one? What are we talking about?" Lon scratches his scalp.
"Foot long cock." Paige uses her hands to measure what she had seen earlier while flaring her eyes and looking scared.
"Coochie? Are you and Jai...?"
"What's the big deal?" Coochie shrugs.
"That was a pretty BIG deal." Paige snorts again. She then felt Coochie kicking her leg under the table. Feeling the impact Paige yelped and rubbed her shin.
"You know very well why it's a big deal young lady."
"What am I missing?" Lon shakes his head.
"Mom's ex boyfriend." Coochie rolls her eyes.
"It goes deeper than that Coco." Deb points at her daughter, "You know that he is bad news. I do not want you associating with him."
"I'm not becoming his girl. We just fuck."
"Yeesh." Paige holds her breath, haunted as she and her Father share a worried gaze. Lon merely scowls and lifts his fingers to let it play out without interference.
"Not no more you don't. I'll be having words with Jai. I refuse to let him destroy you without you even realizing it."
"Oh he destroys me...HARD." Coochie glares at Paige, defying her Mom's scolding, "Tore me up good."
"No getting ideas." Lon informs Paige.
Paige hadn't really even considered wanting to meet this Jai Antoine. She had more than enough bodybuilders in her life as it was. She was happy without the trouble any newcomer might cause her.
"We discuss this in private." Deb sneered coldly.
"Whatever."
Lon opted to clear the table. As he did Deborah broke away from her punishing glare and assisted in the clean up. Leaving the girls to stare between one another until Paige broke the silence.
"Tender?"
"Rich man waiting." Coochie perked up. As they abandon the adults a momentary truce was called.
In the kitchen Deb felt the need to apologize.
"I'm sorry Big Daddy. Jai was not really an ex. I met him a few years back in my time of need. Muscles and charm reeled me in. Once I learned his...gang affiliations, I ran away fast. I had no idea my daughter was playing around with him. Good thing I have her on birth control."
"We all worry about that. Let's not discuss Exes. Trust me...I have my own problems with Paige's mom and her boyfriend. While we're talking racism Paula's man is a skinhead. It's tough dealing with that."
"Wonderful. I bet he'll have good things to say about you and I."
"Doesn't know yet. I don't need a scene until after Paige graduates." He decides to open up about things sharing the recorded conversation he secretly made during Mark Rapier's threats. Making certain the girls were out of hearing range he plays it for Deb. Her jaw drops at the vile nature of Mark and his biker buddies.
"That must be hell. I'm so sorry you're dealing with this Big Daddy."
"I got this. I have copies hidden away just in case. After graduation when he tries to assert his demands I'll play it. I just need to be delicate about this. Paige's mom is a recovering alcoholic, I don't need a relapse. It's bad enough they practice all of that bondage crap without hurting her emotionally." He witheld the part of the story where he thought one of his best friends was being traitorous. A confrontation for a later day would decide a friendships fate.
"I like bondage crap." She winks at him.
"What happened to all of that chains of oppression stuff?" He chuckles considering her pleasure in being into whips and chains.
"Different type of slave Big Daddy." She flirts with the most amazing eyes.
"Let's skip doing the dishes and relax. This body is calling out to me." He turns his attention on pulling her close and kissing her tenderly.
"We could clear the rest of the table at least." She whispers as their lips hover briefly.
"Doubt it's sturdy enough for that."
"I'm not wearing panties."
"I think I'm the only one around that wears underwear these days." He sighs.
"We can fix that." She lowers her hands to begin unfastening his pants. Looking around for the girls in a panic, he allows Deb to tug his jeans down and snap the elastic of his boxers. Another swift yank and his beast came out of the bushes. Stroking him with both hands her mouth moved back in for more kissing. Between the two actions Lonnie's beast...became feral.
Using his own hands he pulls Deb's dress up over her hips and guides her backward into the counter and picks her up in favor of an easier penetration. Silent lovemaking was not in the cards. His ferocity claimed her pussy as prey, passion took over in them both. At least they had the privacy of the kitchen wall.
Back in Lonnie's office Paige and Coochie shared the desk chair shoulder to shoulder. Opening up the Tender website Paige found bragging rites.
"218 new replies since yesterday. Go me."
"I must be doing something wrong here. How can you have so many more guys than I do?"
"It's the red hair and the fact I look young. Add in my voice from my introduction video and the guys can't resist me. I'll never meet them all but I'm sure going to try. Want me to hook you up?"
"Hook me up." Coochie rolls her eyes, "With a body as rockin' as mine I don't need your help."
"Our bodies are almost the same. Slim, curvy, and bodacious. Even our boobies look the same size." Paige dares to fluff up Coochie's right tit then blushes, "Sorry. I like having a new sister...well...close enough I guess."
"You don't have many friends do you?" Coochie frowns goofily.
"Yes I do. Mostly boys, but my old friend Madison will be hanging with me more now that we rekindled. Long story. These are some of the guys I plan on meeting after Saturday. This guy is taking me to Comicon."
"Do they still call it that?"
"No but I like calling it Comicon better."
"He looks really nerdy."
'I know, but I don't care. I like teasing guys and he wants me bad. Besides I get to go to Comicon for free. I'm gonna dress up like Black Widow from the Avengers."
"She's not black."
"Whatever." Paige pushes her shoulder playfully into Coochie's while laughing. Continuing on she shows off more guys, "This guy is a Baseball player for the White Sox. Daddy wants to go see a free game so I'm gonna meet him in a few weeks. Sox are on the road I guess."
"Nice. How come no black guys on this list? You ever have a black dude?"
"Yessss! I've had sex with my Uncle Mike."
"Uncle? You into incest?"
"He's not my real Uncle. I've known him since I was a baby though. I can set you up with him."
"I don't need no matchmaker bitch." Coochie frowns and shakes her head.
"Quit calling me bitch Bitch."
The girls sneer at one another then shy away giggling. Their bonding was producing something unique that neither of them had ever really had. A sense of competition. Not so much in a fierce defiant individuality but more as a challenging duel of persona. Both wanted to be the lead bitch. There would be no clear winner.
"Did you make an introduction video like I did?"Paige asked.
"Why? All I need is a few sexy pics and guys come chasing."
"Seen Catfish much?"
"Say what?"
"People who only use photographs could be anyone. Without a true visual guys won't know if you're real or fake. If you offer them a taste of what they might get in mini movies it stimulates their imagination." Paige looks up her own audition tape, so to speak, "Here, I'll play mine."
Watching the seductive nature of both her attire and voice, Coochie puckered her lower lip, impressed by the white girls behavior. "Dang girl, you even turned me on."
Smug, Paige shook her shoulders from side to side brushing against her new pal, "I'm Aphrodainty."
"Does that make me Afrodite?" She primps her hair giggling.
"Too funny. Let's make you a video. That dress is perfect for getting attention. I can email it to you then you can add it to your profile."
"Aight!" Ego was oozing forth the second Paige suggested it. As the girls stand up Paige suggests they go to her bedroom to take the video. Tugging her along by her wrist the redhead leads her from the office. The second they hit the hallway they hear moaning. Coochie darts her attention toward the dining room and forces Paige to halt in her tracks. With a finger to her lips Coochie took over the tug of war and the two girls tiptoe out to see Lonnie and Deb naked. With their back to the girls they witnessed Lonnie pounding away at Deborah while she lay on the dining table.
"Oooo your Dad has a tight ass." Coochie expresses interest in his thrusting hips. Paige paused to observe her Father as well, she however had never seen her Dad with another woman before outside of her Mom. At least not sexually. Jealousy riled her thoughts even though she did really like Deborah. She was happy for Lonnie, but that was her man. Paige knew what was best for him however. Even that competition would lag behind, as nice as her Daddy's behind was.
"Let them have their fun. Let's go make you that pornstar." whispered Paige dragging the lustful girl away from the action.
"I saw how you reacted to your Dad's ass, you liked it too. You and he got a thing?"
"Noooo! Yesss! Don't judge me." She snickered.
"Not judgin'. If he were my Daddy I'd be moaning like that too." Coochie flares her eyes and fans herself with her free hand.
Flipping the lights on in her room Paige closes the door behind them. Sitting Coochie on her bed she released her in favor of setting the mood. "I like making videos in the dark by candlelight. Let's light some and give the guys a feel of what it would be like being with you."
"Can't be too dark or they won't see me." Coochie flutters her fingers over her body, "I'm pretty dark already."
"Stop it." Paige lights a candle and sits it on her dresser, "Do you always have to make references to our skin colors? It's not like you're telling guys to shoot when they see the whites of your eyes. Besides if they did shoot you their cum would glow white too."
"You're killin' me Red."
"That white dress will glow in the dark also. There's something appealing about that." Three more candles lit offers a seductive glow. Paige then makes a test video to show Coochie how she would look. With glistening eyes and a beguiling smile of perfect teeth Coco Johnson was ready. "See? You look radiant."
"I do don't I? Let's do this Bitch."
"Alright, when I nod at you start talking."
"Wait! What do I say?"
"Really? Just sound cute and say what you're looking for in a guy. Might not wanna say a Jai Antoine size cock." She laughs. "Just keep things relaxing and subtle."
"Got it. Are we just doing a closeup?"
"I'll move some to show your body too. We both know that's the first thing guys want to see. You can do a 360 and show your curves as you talk to them."
"Do I tease them? You did kind of in your video."
"I used my voice more than my body, but the bod never fails me." She pauses a second to wince at Coochie, "Anyone ever tell you that you look like a black Arianna Grande?"
"Nope. My mom gets called Jennifer Hudson though. I'll take Grande."
"Good choice. Ready?"
"Shoot."
"Drivin' by."
"Not funny, comin' from my hood."
"SHUT UP!" Paige giggles. "Here goes." A nod acknowledges her rediness. As the filming begins Coochie sits back on the bed planting her palms on the blankets. Looking up with those amazing eyes that sparkled in the candlelight she shared a sensual smile, "Hi. My name is Coco, but you can call me Coochie. I'm 18, no measurements necessary. You can see for yourself." Paige lowers her cell just enough to keep her entire face in the shot while showing off cleavage. "I'm not really sure what to say about myself. I'm openminded if that counts. I like being pampered by sweet guys. I graduate from high school next week. I'm Legal. Age doesn't matter to me, I like guys my age or older. Any race as long as I'm treated like a princess." She lays her chin on her shoulder expressing her sensuality with batting lashes. An index finger trails her cleavage tantalizingly. Paige even found herself mesmerized by the girls beauty and poise.
"I like to dress up and make my date feel like he's the luckiest guy alive. See?" She stands up forcing Paige to step back further to keep Coochie in the cells frame. Showing off her curves including the laced up sides of her white dress leads Coochie to do a 360 in step. Her butt crack in this particular dress left a shadow between her cheeks that would make any man grab his crotch to adjust for comfort. Returning to face the camera Coochie smiles sheepishly and again lays her cheek on her left shoulder. This time however she uses an index finger to sweep the strap holding her dress up off of her shoulder. The dress however was so tight that there was no possible way it could fall off even if the secondary shoulder strap was removed. It was all about turning guys on.
"Hit me up." She puckers her lips and blows a kiss. A wink later and Paige stops filming.
"OH MY GOSH! That was sooo hot." She swiftly moves beside Coochie and replays the video. The two were both in favor of using it. Email sent to Coochie as she recites it and the rest was on Coco. "SELFIE!" One photo later and the girls were officially friends.
"I wonder if our parents are done destroying the furniture?" Paige winces, "I'll never eat at that table again."
"I didn't get to play footsy with your Dad."
"We can always sneak up on them and make them behave."
The two girls stare at each other and share a negative, "Naaaaa!" Paige then adds, "Let's just embaress them."
"Lead the way Red."
Opening the bedroom door they still hear moaning and lots of "FUCK ME BIG DADDY." The constant verse made the girls snicker and creep softly down the hallway. They weren't on the dining table this time. They had moved to the sofa. Seeing Deb naked with her hands planted on the couch back digging in, Coochie grinned.
"Mom's riding your Dad."
"She's so lucky."
"Jealous?"
"Aren't you?"
"Follow me." Moving with stealth the girls sneak around their parents and take a seat on the loveseat. Trying not to laugh they watch the lovers fucking. Every thrust of Lonnie's cock looked so inviting. Disappearing within Deborah's pussy then reappearing wet and glossy. Deb was riding him hard, her ass almost twerking. Neither parent had a clue that the kids were observing their passion play. Lonnie had his eyes closed enjoying Deb's rythym. Deb herself was lost in the sensations over his G-spot. The girls knew by their sounds that both were ready to cum. Paige had a brilliant idea and used her cell to record their final act. Coochie had to hold her mouth with both hands to avoid busting up laughing.
Moments later both Deb and Lonnie cry out and share in a union of cum. The echo shook the window panes. Just as Deb collapses over Lonnie breathing hard, Coochie hops up and marches to their left plopping down on the couch cushion staring at her Mother. This move prompted Paige to do the same, taking a seat at an angle to Lonnie's right. Feeling their arrival both parents dropped their jaws, unable to even speak of their intrusion.
Breaking the silence Coochie slaps her Mother's ass and coughs up, "Don't you dare preach to me about not using condoms Young Lady. If you get knocked up I'm not changing my baby brother or sister's diaper. BAD...B.A.D...BAD!"
"YEAH!" Paige concurs and swats Deb's other cheek. Shaking her head Deb sits up on Lonnie's cock and leers from side to side. Finally, she glares down at a sweating Lonnie admiring the gloss of Deb's heaving tits. Both could certainly use a fan.
"You are fixed aren't you Big Daddy?"
"Yep. No runaway train coming through. Ladies?"
"Yes Daddy?" Even Coochie spoke the same giggling.
"Round three. GO TO YOUR ROOM." His voice raised both girls hopped up and started to bolt. Coochie stops just long enough to play footsy with Lon laughing at his reaction. Paige not to be left out raced around the cluster and dove in to kiss Lon on the cheek. Coochie scowling at Paige flipped the girl off while crouching down behind her Mother to lean in and kiss Lonnie on the balls.
"WHAT THE-?" Coochie offered a smug look at Lon just as her Mother pointed down the hall with agravation in her voice.
"GO TO HER ROOM."
Both girls ran like the dickens.
"Some fourplay huh?" Lon chuckles nervously.
"Let's go for four Big Daddy. I don't think staying the night is a good idea. School tomorrow for both girls. Work for both of us."
"You're right. Hot tub?"
"You have a...lets grab that wine and get wet."
"I'd say after you Big Momma, but I suddenly envisioned Martin Lawrence. Can't maintain that visual or Bigger Daddy is gonna lose a few pounds."
"Oh, you better not. I like those pounds. I did like Martin in Bad Boys though...Will Smith even more. Mmmm mmm!"
With a sloppy sound Deb peels off of Lonnie and helps him to his feet. A stimulating kiss lasting three minutes sent the lovers with the remainder of the wine bottle out to the back deck. He had turned the tub on long before the ladies had gotten there. Lon liked to plan ahead. Yeah, he got head quicker than he hoped he might. It was amazing how long Deborah could hold her breath under water. Tilting the bottle back at her submergeance Lon had to chuckle, "This is the life."
It was only beginning. Life would get better.
At least he predicted that it would.
Off to a good start at least.
COMING SOON : PAIGE 28 : GUMMY WORMS