Chelsea wasn't known by any of her friends for being particularly shy. To be honest, she wasn't sure of how she came to be so outgoing and forward, but she was and that was all that mattered. Her friends had always joked that she would do the most outrageous things and to be honest s thought that most of them were a bit tame. Like flashing her boobs out of the back window of a double decker bus. There was no real risk and what was anyone seeing - nothing that they couldn't see on a beach in any holiday resort.
Chelsea had spent time thinking of how she could flash outdoors, possibly in a location where she could be caught or at least seen by a lot of people. She spent days wandering round her hometown and then she found it. The underpass. It crossed underneath a busy roundabout on the outskirts of town and wasn't used by lots of people but the roundabout was.
Chelsea planned to go and visit the underpass when it was warm and she'd even planned what she would wear so that she could remove it quickly but also she could put it back on quickly if she had to. She had settled on a thin black boob tube and a short blue skirt. She made her way across town, well aware that her small 34c boobs were jiggling inside her top as she had no bra on. She caught glimpses of men looking at her and she was tempted, if she had the chance, to run her right index finger along her pussy slit as she could feel it becoming wet.
She walked through the underpass, lit by dim fluorescent tubes. Exiting the underpass she found herself in the sunlight again and this felt good on her skin. She walked up the slope as if she was going to exit onto the pavement but she stopped halfway up. It was at a point where drivers would have seen the top of her head with her blonde hair like a beacon. Turning round she lifted her skirt up, exposing her freshly shaven pussy. She twirled round as if there was an imaginary audience watching her.
The metal railing to aid people walking through was next to her. She grabbed it and bent over, exposing her pussy lips for anyone to see.
In the background she could hear the traffic roaring round the underpass and she walked up the slope a little further. She pulled down the thin black boob tube, with her skirt still slightly pulled up. Her boobs popped out, erect nipples feeling the sun on them. Then in one quick, well practiced move, she grabbed her boob tube and skirt and pulled them both over her head.
There was no going back now as she stood naked by the side of the busy road. She dropped them on the ground and walked around. The drivers of lorries going round the roundabout could see her and one even sounded his horn. Cheslea wondered if he would have a wank while thinking about her.
The thought of people getting horny looking at her naked body had Chelsea walking a bit further up. She knew now that anyone driving past would be able to see her and in her own words she chickened out and put her boob tube and skirt back on.
She perched herself on the wall, feeling the hard metal railings behind her. Looking round she then pulled on of her legs up onto the wall exposing her pussy again. She looked again and then slipped 2 fingers into her pussy, rubbing them round in a circular motion. She gasped, this felt both wrong and right at the same time. She rubbed her fingers of her clit which by now was throbbing.
Parting her legs wider she continued to rub her fingers in a circular motion, teasing her pussy. Chelsea just wanted someone to see her to see her pleasure, maybe even to ask if they could touch her pussy. While she rubbed her clit with one hand she slid her middle finger from her other hand into her pussy and then slowly started to finger fuck herself.
Hearing the traffic seemed to turn Chelsea on even more and now she used the hand she had been using on her clit to slide two fingers into her wet pussy. Pushing them in and out, slowly fucking her pussy, wishing someone else would just come and touch her, she knew she would explode as her clit was throbbing and telling her so.
Chelsea alternated between rubbing her fingers round her clit and finger fucking herself. At one point she stopped to taste her juices before she went back to pushing fingers into her sopping wet pussy. Nothing and no one would stop her from cumming. Not now, now that she was sat, pussy exposed by the side of this busy road.
Fingers going in and out, tasting her own juices and then pulling her top down. Fuck it she thought they can see my boobs while I fuck myself. She continued and heard the sound of footsteps in the distance she didn't care.
Her body twitched as she finger fucked and rubbed her clit. Pulling her pussy lips open. Her hands working hard and fast on her pussy, teasing and pleasing it. The sounds of footsteps was getting closer, suddenly she felt herself spasm as she came and her body shuddered at the feeling of complete exhilaration.
Chelsea quickly stood up and pulled her clothes back on. Was that a car sounding its horn as the driver had seen her, she didn't know. What she did know was that the footsteps were almost upon her. A man dressed in a suit carrying a briefcase walked past her. She smiled and he said hello, had he seen her. She would never know, but what she did know was that she wished she'd been caught. Now there was a thought...