Out for my daily morning run on the beach. It's not even 7 am and all I can think about is draining my fat balls. Beautiful women everywhere showing off their hot bodies. Doesn't matter how old, the housewives and their daughters in this beach town are absolutely stunning.
The chick in her late thirties in front of me wearing nothing more than a thong and tiny bikini was no exception. Her outfit was showing way too much skin for the beach, let alone a jog. I made clear to follow close behind so I could see every ounce of her fat ass bouncing as she ran. Even though I was slowing down a bit to maintain that beautiful view, she was really pushing it down the beach. From behind I could still see her massive breasts bouncing obscenely, barely covered by her suit -- I assumed, as I couldn't see any fabric from the side.
It was nearly impossible to maintain my composure while running behind her. She's exactly the kind of ass I'd destroy if we were behind closed doors. My mind wandering off towards sex per usual. Nearly every waking second of my life is spent thinking about how to get in some chick's pants. Luckily for me, there's never been another dude more built to fuck.
Years of sports and intense physical activity combined with lucky genes has always made sex too easy. Just 18 years old, many mistake me for older given my height -- 6'3, 170 pounds of lean pure muscle. It's always fun being underestimated as the lanky white dude. The shock when people see me with my shirt off is always such a rush. Skinny guy isn't so skinny when even my muscles have muscles. Veins in my abs, chest and arms on display even when I'm not flexing. Sweat always dripping down my body making my hairless torso glisten in the sunlight.
Well not totally hairless. For some reason I love my treasure trail. Maybe because it leads down to the biggest bounty any bitch has ever seen before. If women can show off their big boobs and huge asses acceptably in public, then a guy as blessed as me shouldn't have to cover up to make you comfortable.
That's why I haven't worn a pair of underwear in the last five years. All I have on right now are a pair of shoes and some long gym shorts. I always felt funny wearing longer basketball shorts out on a run. Unfortunately I don't have too much choice, as public indecency is a crime. My dick easily falls out of any normal shorter pair of running shorts you could buy. Yeah, I wasn't kidding when I said I was blessed. Almost as thick as beer can and over seven inches long -- and that's just me running around completely soft right now.
Anyone that looks my way is always bound to get more than an eyeful. All the clothes I wear in my daily life and the sports I play, swimming, wrestling and running, are designed with one goal in mind -- make sure as many people alive as possible know I'm an absolute hung sex god. While my shorts were long, the thin material pulled taught by my large ass and legs did nothing to disguise the plum-sized head clearly on display halfway down to my right knee.
As I was thinking as hard as I could about anything but the ass in front of me to keep my massive dick in check, I noticed the woman veer off the beach and towards a nearby wooded running path. I thought this really odd, given her attire wasn't even close to appropriate for the beach. Of course I followed her. A body as hot as hers so brazenly on display doesn't come around that often here. Even though it's a beach town, the more conservative, church-going nature of the folks around here tends to discourage such behavior.
I thought she might be taking a shortcut to get home or something, but she was running deep into the trail towards a more secluded spot off an older, unpaved portion of the path. As she made her move, I saw her start to play with her bikini top. I'm pretty sure I saw her flip the top off from the front! A stunningly gorgeous woman was essentially naked running in front of me early in the morning. I couldn't believe my luck.
I trailed back a bit, as I didn't want to alert her to my presence. It's one thing to follow her on the running trail. Kind of creepy if I'm chasing after her in the woods. Especially if she's just looking for some topless sunbathing.
So I carefully follow behind her until I see her reach a clearing. I walk even slower at this point, so as not to alert her to my presence. As I push through the final brush, the sight before me is absolute perfection. The most beautiful woman ever is waiting for me topless on her knees.
I slowly approach the woman in the clearing. Her stunning beauty making it impossible for me to control my massive cock. I start to chub up as I approach, all the blood in my lean body flowing down to my already massive soft dick. Her eyes glued go my groin as 8 inches turns to 9 inches... 10... until it finally reaches its full size of 10.5 inches, thicker than a can of beer.
My shorts no longer able to contain the beast, she's on her knees audibly moaning as the apple of her eye peaks out at her through the bottom of my shorts. I stop a foot in front of her, as the head of my cock grazes her face. Finally I look down at her and make direct eye contact. The hunger in her eyes is unmistakable. Her mouth quivering as feels the presence of my cock.
"You may speak, slut," my deep, unwavering voice making it clear to the woman over twice my age that I'm in control.
"I did everything you asked, Master. My body on display for your enjoyment during your morning run. I'm here, naked in public, bowing before you as a sign of complete submission. What else do I need to do?! Please just let me taste it!!"
"Ha, that's the best you can do? Look at you. Almost 40, with a husband and two kids. On your knees begging an 18 year old for dick. How pathetic are you? Do you have any self-respect?"
I pause, as I notice her eyes start to water. "I can't hear you whore! Do you have self-respect, or are you just a fuck toy here to drain my foot-long cock?" I yelled at her.
"You know I'll do anything for you. I'm here, literally begging for you. Pleeaaassseeeee let me choke on you again. I can't live without your dick. I should be at home right now getting my kids ready for school. You've turned me into a slut OK. I'm here serving you instead of taking care of my own kids. I need your dick more than anything else in this world. Is that what you want to hear? I'm a slut!"
"Who's slut?" I say, as I backed away from her.
She begins to bow down, her face on the ground before my feet before saying, "Your slut, Sir. My body belongs to you and your dick. You know that though! You've always had total control. I'll do anything for your cock. Half my age, and in total control. Use me however you want. I promise I won't say no."
"Sit up, whore," I command, spitting on her as she rose slowly. Tears flowing down her face now, adding to her clear desperation.
"Open your mouth as wide as you can and don't move a muscle."
I walk forward, grab my cock and force my massive cock head past the entrance to her mouth. Her lips totally stretched, barely able to fit in her mouth.
"Suck."
The noises that follow are music to my ears. In the middle of the woods listening to this slut sucking on just the head of my dick harder than a fat kid sucks a giant lollipop.
"Suck it harder you dumb bitch. All you're good for is draining this dick. Be a good whore and make me feel good, " I laugh at her.
She started to ease herself forward, trying to fit more dick in her mouth. I place my hand on her forehead and smiled.
"I told you not to move! How hard is it to follow directions? I know you're just a dumb slut, but you better learn to follow directions better if you want this dick. Now tell me how much you love it," my eyes looking straight into hers as I let a fat wad of spit fall from my mouth onto her forehead.
"Bi eee ur eck," animal-like sounds coming from her mouth as she tried to tell me she needs my dick over and over again. My cock getting even harder at the sound of her trying to worship it, begging for more while she could barely fit the head in her mouth.
I don't know why at this point, after experiencing it so often, but seeing a woman degrade herself for my dick lights the most sadistic of fires within my soul.
It's hard to describe the power you feel when a woman most guys couldn't dream of sleeping with gets naked in public and literally begs for you. I just know there's no greater feeling in the world, and judging by how soaked her thong is, pussy juice dripping down to the forest floor, she likes this feeling too.
Jacked up as this slut creams herself for my cock, I roughly grab fistfuls of the hair on the side of her head. Without warning, I shove as much of my cock as I can down her throat. Gagging starting to begin as she almost gets half of me down her throat.
I push past her gagging, roughly pulling her hair towards my groin. My eyes closed as I fuck her face, even I'm surprised when I hear intense moans of pleasure pouring out around my dick.
I look down to see her spasming uncontrollably. Her face covered in tears and spit and the look of pure joy as she cums from my rough throat fucking. The ground visibly wet as juices flow from her soaked pussy. Creaming herself just from me holding her head down on my dick.
The look of ecstasy slowly turns to fear as she realizes I have no intention of letting up. Her airway totally blocked by the biggest cock she's ever seen. Pleading with her eyes to get free.
I pull even harder on her face, getting more than halfway inside her mouth now. Her eyes now rolling back in her head. Not caring if it's from pleasure or lack of oxygen.
She slowly starts to move her hands, raising her arms to pound my thighs. Quickly loosing force as she clearly begins to run out of air.
That just makes me harder.
I pull her head down even more, laughing at how ridiculous she looks begging for air. Only a little more than a third of my dick remains outside of her lips. I feel like I can push the rest down her throat with a little more effort.
Just as I pull her hair even harder, I hear another awful, animalistic growl coming from her throat.
I realize this bitch is puking on my cock. All the water and coffee she drank in the morning before her run seeps out the sides of her mouth as her pounding stops. I finally let go of her hair, pushing her hard to the ground backwards as she pukes everywhere.
"What's wrong with you, dumb slut? Can't even take my cock down right? What the fuck are you good for?" I yell at her angrily.
She's unable to speak, gasping for air and she lies curled up on the ground.
"You know you love that dick. You know what you gotta do to earn it. Now get the fuck up and get back to work, bitch!"
"I-I, *cough* *cough* *cough* can't *cough**cough* breathe. Why were you *cough**cough**cough* so rough?"
"Haha, you haven't seen rough yet. You want me to be a little softer for you? Then fucking tell Kevin about us. On your knees, gagging for air, claiming you'll do anything for this dick. Well, go ahead then."
"I can't. *cough**cough* Please, you know I can't do that to him. *cough* You guys still have another year of high school together. *cough* *cough* He can't know I'm sleeping with his best friend. No one can no, that's too embarrassing."
"You mean the way you said your husband couldn't find out either? We all quickly found out how much more you love my cock than you love him, though I'm not surprised given what a worthless wimp he is," I laugh at her.
After giving her a quick break, I put my dick back in her mouth and casually start to jack off with her face. Letting her mouth work the head and just a bit of the shaft.
"You know how much I hate giving ultimatums. Please don't make me. I'm not going to be able to resist fucking you when I come over later tonight hang with Kevin. Why do you think I'm friends with him anyway? I only hang out with him at your place and when you're home. He probably knows. No way he hasn't noticed given how often I caught you staring at my bulge. I knew you were my slut after the first time I went for a swim at your place."
Pausing for a bit, just to hear the sound of her overstretched mouth massaging my massive meatstick.
"We both know you can't resist my dick. You're not a special slut. I can fuck anyone I want. All the guys in school think you're the hottest mom in the class though, so I figured I'd see if you were just as easy to hook as the sluts my age in this town."
I remove my hands from her head and she continues to slowly stroke my cock with her face without missing a beat.
"You were easier," I smirk at her, letting her continue to work my cock.
"If you don't want your son to find out, then take my dick out of your mouth, get up off your knees and walk away immediately. I won't tell a soul. Leave now and there is zero chance anyone ever finds out about this, other than your wimp husband."
I'm not even sure she's listening at this point as she's now vigorously throating the better part of my dick.
I smack her face hard.
Then I hit her again.
I smack her one more time for good measure, my hardest hit yet. She finally looks up for a second and we make eye contact.
"Seriously slut, get off your knees if you don't want this. All I'm going to do is use you. You are nothing more than a living sex toy for me to mess around with. Why the hell would a grown woman willingly be a teenager's slut? Her son's friend's whore? Get off your knees and show me you have some self-control."
"I'm serious. No one will ever know if you get up and walk away now. Go get Kevin and Julie ready for school, you fucking slut! This is your last chance. Take my dick out of your mouth now, go home to your family and no one else ever has to know you were my slut."
I might be imagining things, but she's now gettingmoreof my dick down her throat than before. I'll never understand these cock-hungry size queens. This isn't a role play. I literally have no respect for this woman. As she continues to suck my dick while I berate her, I start wondering if she has any limits at all when it comes to pleasing me.
"One more chance, cunt. Please get off your knees now. If you don't, you're crossing a line you can't come back from ..."
"5...4...3...2...1! OK, it's your choice. Fuck toy it is!"
With that I proceeded to fuck her throat harder than I ever had before. After the first 7 or 8 thrusts, I'd finally broken past the last barrier. I was routinely slamming her face into my pubes. Bouncing her face off of my groin like it was a basketball, a very loud and wet basketball.
I felt her throat tighten around me as she let out an inhuman moan. I looked down and she was squirting!! This bitch wasn't even fingering herself and she'd cum twice. I gave her a huge orgasm just with my massive dick jammed down her throat.
Seeing her lose control like that was too much. I pulled out as I felt my balls ready to unload.
The first rope out of my cock was absolutely massive. Shooting out for almost two seconds, it looked like I was pissing on her face. The long, continuous rope audibly blasted her right eye, nose and mouth.
The second rope was aimed a little lower. Just as massive. I got her mouth, chin and neck.
I shot the third rope on her face again. Angling it and moving my dick as I shot to make sure I covered the left side this time.
The fourth rope, my biggest one yet, was enough to paint most of both of her titties.
Shot after shot of cum continued to blast out of my dick onto her body. Each one landing with a loud, wet thud against my whore's body. In all, my lemon-sized balls rained down 14 full ropes of cum on her face and torso -- and that doesn't count the rest that streamed out afterwards. I let that fall in her hair, just to make sure she was covered from the tits up.
I stepped back to admire my work. Can't believe I gave some slut multiple orgasms just from letting her suck me off. She's definitely hooked.
"I'm going to leave you here now naked and covered in my cum. Don't wipe my cum off your face. Stay there and let it dry for a bit. Run home and send me a pic of your face with me still all over you when you get there. If you don't, this will be the last time you ever see my dick."
With that, I turned and left my new slave to ponder the life she'd chosen for herself. Covered in cum, slut to an 18-year old boy. I'm personally not sure how she could feel anything other than totally pathetic.
As I was getting dressed after my nice long shower, I hear a ding on my phone.
*New Message From Kevin's Whore Mother*
"Can't wait to see you tonight"
Damn, I knew she was hooked, but can't believe she did it. Dried cum all over her face as she smiled in her selfie. I have no idea how she got home. I guess people would assume it was just the salt water or sweat. I just knew my new whore would make a good addition to my lineup.
It was going to be a fun night hanging out with Kevin later.
"Damn, Kevin. Your mom is a smokeshow!" yelled Tony, one of the other guys on the swim team. "Your dad is one lucky man. I can't believe he lets her post this stuff on Insta though. I'm pretty sure I can see her nipples!"
He continued to pass the phone around to our teammates, while Kevin sat there mortified.
"Fuck dude," said Connor. "Her tits are absolutely massive. I'd give anything to fuck those! Now I see why you're trying to coach this loser up, Brian," he said to me while pointing at Kevin, "pool time must be a lot more fun with her around.
"Not the only reason... his sister is almost as hot as his mom," I howled. "It's just a shame she won't be there tonight. A threesome would be hot, but I'll settle for just being a mother fucker."
"Fuck you," Kevin tried to say over the laughter of everyone in the group. "You like to give me shit, but you love playing me in League. Still can't beat me! Whose the loser now? Just cuz I'm not as big as the rest of your jock friends doesn't mean you have to mess with me all the time.
"Ha, you know I'm just teasing you dude. These guys don't get it, but you can be a cool kid sometimes. I'm glad we're buddies, even if these guys give me crap for it," I said to Kevin. "And you better be ready to play tonight. You can't talk crap and not back it up. I'm coming for you hard!"
"Whatever bro, see you later. Go fuck yourselves to the rest of you," joked Kevin as he walked off.
"Third game in a row! Guess you aren't so hard after all haha. Talking crap in front of the team like you're a big bad guy. Well I'm the king now!" yelled Kevin.
"Chill out dude, it's just a game! Glad you're feeling confident though. Let's go see if we can use that to help improve your technique in the pool. Grab your suit and meet me outside," I tell him as I head to go get changed.
I head downstairs to the living room. His mom Jennie and her sissy husband are sitting on the couch watching some TV show.
I walk in front of the TV and slowly remove my shirt. I just smile as Jennie openly stares transfixed on my perfect body.
"I need help with these pants, slut," I tell her, as she immediately falls to her knees in front of me.
Before she even gets to the button, she lets her hand glide against the massive bulge showing through my jeans. I don't say a word. Just let her worship me silently as I smile at the pathetic wimp behind her on the couch.
"We don't have much time. Kevin is coming down for a swim soon. Help me get my trunks on. You can suck it for a few seconds too."
"Thank you, Master," she says as she quickly unbuttons my jeans and takes them off. Wasting no time getting my cock in her mouth.
"Actually, no time for any sucking now. Just let the head sit in your mouth for a second. I need to use the bathroom before hitting the pool."
"What are --"
"Shut the fuck up, faggot! I thought we settled this already. Aww damn, that feels good. Really had to let one go I guess," I say as I begin to empty by bladder down my her throat.
"Your wife is my whore. There's nothing you can do about it. If she doesn't want me pissing down her throat, she can get up right now and walk away. I'm not making her do anything. I'm letting her choose between continuing to live her life as a doting wife and mother of two, respected businesswoman and amateur athlete in the community or worshipping my dick. She's decided she'd prefer to worship my cock."
Looking down to my slut, I let her know I'm finished. Very hesitant to release my dick, I have to pull it from her mouth, eliciting a loud popping noise.
"Get those last drops of piss," I say to her, holding my cockhead in her face.
She sticks her tongue out and gives my piss slit a few good licks. I drop another wad of spit in her mouth to help her wash it all down after and then tell her to finish dressing me, as I return my attention to the pathetic being in front of me.
"I know how much you love her, though I have no idea why you married such a slut when you've got such an average cock. As I've told you, as long as you're a good husband and let your wife do what she loves, everything that happens in this house stays here."
"Thanks for your help, slut. Now go back to sit with your wimpy man. Give him a nice kiss for me. Make sure to get some tongue in there," I say to her as I can't help but grin at my own creative cruelty.
This slut is under my total control. Clearly needs my dick more than air as she takes forever to remove her hand from the massive bulge in my swim suit and head back to her husband. I stare straight at him, clearly disgusted as his wife comes in for the kiss.
"What a pathetic faggot. Enjoy the taste of my piss", I say to him as Kevin finally bounds down the stairs in his suit.
"Eww, gross guys. Get a room!" he says running outside past his kissing parents.
I head out to show him a few pointers. Unfortunately my dick has a mind of its own though. As soon as I took that piss my dick was ready for action. After 15 mins or so, I tell Kevin to keep practicing what I showed him and I get out of the pool.
I head through the sliding doors out the back and walk to the couch where they're both still sitting. I walk to the side where Jennie is and stand next to the armrest she's leaning on.
Not even bothering to look down or make eye contact with her, I just say, "suck bitch."
I countdown in my head. It doesn't even take three seconds for her to get my dick in her mouth. Her husband less than four feet away as she worships her teenage lover's cock.
"Good slut. I'm sure you've missed that cock. It's almost been 12 hours since it's been down your throat last. Show your pathetic husband how you suck a real man's dick."
I stood there motionless. The only muscle moving was my mouth as I continued to get off on berating a man twice my age for submitting to me so completely.
"You worked so hard to provide for her. Build a great life for her and the two kids she gave you. This is how she repays you hahaha. By showing you were never man enough for her."
"So unbelievably pathetic. I just turned 18 dude. I'm not even really a man yet. You're letting some punk kid steal your wife from you. Look at her! She's my whore. This isn't some dream, and I can definitely tell you're not some cuckold enjoying this haha. Your wife is literally a whore, dude," I say to him as directly as possible. Tears clearly coming to his eyes now, somehow making my dick even harder.
"Why are you doing this, Brian? Aren't there girls your age you can mess around with? Please leave her alone. Please!! I love my wife very much. We all have our troubles, and I love her in spite of them. Please don't make her do this!" bitch hubby balling uncontrollably now.
"What troubles? Your wife is just like every other girl in this town. There's plenty of ass my age, and I've had all that's worth having. Your wife is just submitting to her natural urges. I know you've never seen women respond like this to you, but this is the normal response an actual man gets when he gives a woman what she needs. Women need massive cock, and most, like your wife, will do anything to keep it."
"Suck harder, slut," I say as I watch his face. "See how easy that is. I command and whores obey." The sound of her sucking overtaking her husbands pathetic whimpers.
"Listen to that! My second favorite sound to hear. I've listened to this a lot in my life, but your wife definitely makes some of the most beautiful music. I can't wait until she's singing my favorite song later. You won't believe all the different positions she can fuck in. In one night she rode my dick in more positions than she has yours in over 20 years of marriage!"
"It's fun letting you do all the work, but I need to get back to teaching that loser son of yours how to swim. I don't get how the men in the Wilson family are so pathetic. There's definitely nothing Kevin is as good at as you are at sucking dick," I say to Jennie as begin to jack off with her mouth for the second time that day.
Just as I'm hitting a good rhythm, covering half my cock in her saliva, I hear Kevin say, "Brian, where are you? I'm done practicing."
"I'll be right out Kevin! Stay out there. I have stuff I want you to work on with you. I'll be right out.

I tried to warn Kevin, but it was too late. "What the fuck!" Kevin screamed as he ran into the living room.
"Mom! What are you doing?! Dad, what the fuck stop him! Brian how could you do this! I thought we were friends! How is this possible. I thought you were joking about my mom's tits. I can't go back to school with all the guys knowing you fucked my mom. You're a monster!!" Kevin was pacing around uncontrollably as he tried to process what he was seeing.
"Suck harder, whore," I said staring straight down at Jennie.
"What did you call her?!" Kevin yelled, loosing any remaining calm. In seconds he was lunging at me while I stood there with his mom's dick down my throat.
I was nice and didn't hit him too hard. Just enough to knock him on his ass. He was stunned for a few seconds, but not knocked out. Hopefully he got his senses back. Dude wouldn't be able to lay a scratch on me with his short, wimpy frame.
"Sorry dude. You were scaring me. I really didn't mean for you to see this. You should go out and swim a few more laps or go for a run or something. I'm almost done here. Only 5 or 10 more minutes till I cum, if she keeps up this pace."
The sound of sucking -- continuing unbroken throughout the whole ordeal -- now even louder as the men sat in silence, awaiting the next move.
Being the only real man in the room, I guess it's my job to shake the tension a bit. I step back from Jennie's face, her lips popping loudly as I pull out the apple-sized head of my dick.
"Fine dude, I'll make this quick if you insist on watching. You really shouldn't be here though. We can talk more about this later, but dude, your mom is actually my whore. You know all those chicks I've told you about I call up whenever I need to cum? She's one of them. And you know those stories I've told you dude. I can't imagine you wanna see that stuff happening to your own mom," I said to Kevin, as he continues to sit there dazedly.
"Turn around and lay your head back for me, slut. Then open wide"
"Seriously Kevin, please get out of here dude. I can't imagine how hard it is to find out your mom is actually a whore. I guess be thankful she's my whore. Tony would've told half the school by now. Keep cool, let your mom enjoy herself and I have no problem keeping this all our secret," I say trying to lighten the mood.
I turn my attention back to my fuck toy. Her face ready and waiting. Even upside down it's obvious she's intently staring at my horsecock.
"Mom, you don't have to do this. Please stop!"
"Jennie, he's 18! For fuck sake. He's a boy! Control yourself and just get up and walk away."
Both Wilson men openly sobbing as I tower over the woman they love. I actually start to feel bad for a second. I really did want to ease Kevin into this. I just didn't want to have to sneak around with his mom anymore. The sound of both men's tears was too much though. The thought of the mom and wife they loved being so hungry for my dick that she openly defiles herself in their presence excited me to no end.
"Beg for it, cunt. Tell me just how badly you need this dick." I guess I'm not going to be so quick after all.
I honestly didn't expect what happened next. The slut turned to her son and said, "I'm sorry, Kevin. I really am so so sorry."
"You have nothing to be sorry for. You'll be punished for that later. You were put on this earth to be my cumdump slave. Now beg like the whore you are," I spat at her. I took a moment to admire the totally obedient fucktoy I had laid out before me. She may be apologizing to her son, but her erect nipples clearly indicate she needs this.
"Brian, I'm here for you. You know I'll do anything to satisfy your amazing dick. I can't help myself. I'm ashamed to say I'm addicted to your cock. You don't need to bully Kevin about this though. He knows. I hate it, but he knows. Whenever you're over here, I promise to service your every need. Please there's no reason to hurt Kevin though. Please don't make him watch this. Can we please go to my bedroom? I'll do anything you want. Anything!" desperation clear in her voice. Making Brian question his control over her.
"Slaves get no say. I told you to beg for my dick, not for mercy you fucking slut. No one is making your pathetic son watch. That faggot husband over there, he's going to see everything I do to you. I told Kevin not to come in here though. He can leave whenever. Just like you can."
"He's in shock. It's my fault. He can't move -- look at him! Please you can do anything you want to me in the bedroom," Jennie pleaded one last time.
"I can do anything I want to you here, slut. I thought you understood that. I don't care about you or your feelings. You're not my friend, my girlfriend my fuck buddy or anything. You're literally an object I use to make myself cum. That's it. My property to use and abuse as I please. If you want a say in what's about to happen... if you don't want to be my fucktoy... then just tell me to put this huge dick back in my pants and leave your house," I mockingly tell her as I waive my dick in her face.
"See Kevin. It's really that easy. All your whore mom has to do is tell me to leave and this whole nightmare ends for all of you. Why don't you tell her how badly you want that. You too faggot."
"Jennie please, just make him leave. Don't do this to me, to Kevin."
"Mom!! I know you love me. Please, please don't do this. You can stop. We still love you. I don't know what he did to you, but you don't have to go through with this. Just tell him to leave."
"You hear that Jennie. You can stop this all right now. Your family is begging you. Don't you love them as much as they love you? They'll forgive you for all of this. Just tell me to put my dick away. Come on Jennie. Just tell me you never need my dick again and I'll leave you alone forever."
I stood there silently, as the only sound that filled the room was the hopeful sobs of the most important men in Jennie's life. I just let them cry, looking at her and awaiting any response. The whole time she was staring at my dick. Her eyes following along as I waived it around her face.
"That's what I thought slut. Now beg. Beg for the most important thing in your life!"
"Fuccckkkkkk, Brian I need your dick. Every inch is so fucking thick. I can't even get close to fitting my hand around it. Just the thought of your dick makes me soaking wet. I can't explain it. I hate myself so much, but I'm not in control anymore. Your cock is. I know it's insane -- you're just an 18 year old boy, my son's swim teammate -- but you have total control. Please feed me your cock. My body is on fire and I can't wait any longer."
"Good slut. Why don't you be a good whore and tell me what in this room matters most to you," I say as I look around at the pathetic Wilson men crying in their own misery.
Without any hesitation, Jennie says, "Your dick! Ok, I need it so badly. You know that. Now please feed me."
"What do you love more, Jennie? Your husband or my dick?"
"Mom, this is enough! Stop it now!" Kevin yells, finally finding strength to stand to his feet.
Without taking her eyes off of my dick, she softly says, "this dick."
"I couldn't hear you, slut. Sit up, look that wimp in his eyes and tell him that my dick is more important to your life than 20 years of marriage with his sorry ass!"
"You can't do this! Brian stop it please. Can't you see you're destroying my dad?"
"Shut the fuck up, Kevin. You know I'm not doing anything. Your mom is in control right now. You can either leave like I told you or sit there and let her do as she pleases. If you don't want Tony knowing how big of a whore your mom is, you'll be a good little boy."
"Look him in the face, slut. Say it!"
"Jim, I know this is tough, but Brian's dick is unreal. I didn't know it was possible to feel so good, so full. I can't live without it. His dick is the most important thing in the world to me. I hope you can understand why I love it more than I love you," she said in the most matter-of-fact tone, as if declaring love for an 18 year old's dick was a totally normal thing to do.
"Good slut. Now Kevin."
A look of dread washed across her face. She had to know it was coming, but it obviously still hurt.
"Mom, No! You can't. Come on, it's just a dick. I'm your own son. I love you more than he ever will. Please just make him leave and let this whole thing end," Kevin said, openly crying now, barely able to get that full statement out.
"One more word and I'm calling Tony to tell him to come over here. You aren't in control here. She is. Stop slut shaming your own mother. If she wants to be my whore, that's her right. Now leave or stay here and face the truth."
"Tell him, slut"
"Your dick, OK. I love your dick more!" she said, staring straight at me.
"Not to me. Tell your son. Look in his eyes and tell him my dick is more important to you. Then lay back and take what you deserve."
She actually paused for a second. Longer than a second actually.
I slowly started to make the motions of pulling my pants back up, when I finally saw her head turn towards Kevin.
"I love his dick more than you."
Short and sweet. Made even more devastating by the fact she immediately turned her head back to my dick, grabbed my ass and pulled me into her throat. Kevin, now balling, didn't even have time to turn and run out the house before the sound of his mom gagging uncontrollably filled the room.
I'm embarrassed at how quick the whole thing lasted. I'd never been so jacked up before. I just had a slut tell her own son she loves my dick more than him! I've made sluts do fucked up things for this dick, but holy shit. She chose me over her own family.
Playing that thought through my head caused me to lose track of just how hard I was riding her face. A couple minutes in I feel her pushing against my thighs, her face starting to turn blue. Her husband even gets up to run over. I pull my dick out of her mouth and push her off the couch. I notice the huge wet stain she left on the couch as I unleash the biggest load of my life all over their furniture.
The first shot almost covers the width of the entire couch. A long, thick line of my cum marking my new territory. Rope after rope continues to shoot out as I move my cock around to aim at every part of the sofa they were both just sitting on.
Ten shots in and I'm still going strong. 14...15...16... each shot as powerful as the last, making a loud landing on the Wilson's beautiful sofa. I made sure to focus on the side he sits on, but had no problem giving all parts of the couch a good coating. By the time I was finished, 23 ropes of my cum stained their couch. Looked like it was designed by Picasso. I liked my version a whole lot better though.
When my orgasm died down, I finally notice Jennie laying on the ground. She's breathing, but barely moving. The big grin on her face is clear though.
"Take care of her for me, faggot. She needs to be ready to fuck later. I'm going to find Kevin and make sure he's okay. Your inability to please your wife is gonna fuck up your whole family dude. Get your shit together."
"And don't do a thing to that couch. Let it all soak up. One of the many reminders I'm going to leave around here so you don't forget who your wife truly belongs to," I say to him as I walk off, tucking my spent dick back in my swim shorts.