By the time we made it to our villa on St. Croix it was dark. It had been a long, drawn out travel day. Up early for our flight to Houston, connection to St. Thomas, lay over for nearly 3 hours then quick flight to the largest of the US virgin islands. The rental car company was operating on "island time" so we had a delay before getting the car then we finally met up with the agent from the villa rental company who escorted us to the house. At her suggestion we drove to a local restaurant for a late meal and the full moon party but by the time we were done eating exhaustion won out and we just headed back to fall into bed and get some rest. I think we'd both been working double time the week leading up to our vacation and sleep was welcome.
I don't think I moved at all in my sleep. Sunlight streaming through the sliding doors made it difficult to focus on the clock. Eight o'clock, shit, I hadn't slept to that hour in years. I had not even heard Liz get out of bed. I could hear the pleasant sound of birds chirping and realized that the sliding door was ajar. Liz must have gone outside.
My first impression on seeing our compound in the light was that the brochure didn't do it justice. I knew this villa was right on the ocean and it was described as having private landscaping but seeing it in real life nearly made me stumble. Our room opened onto a deck that was about 15 feet off the ground and ran the entire width of the house. A hot tub was recessed in the center of the deck. I peeked out the window to see of Liz was on the deck. Since we sleep in the nude I wasn't sure about walking out on the deck until I knew if it was private but from my vantage point all I could see was dense trees to each side and scattered palm tree between the house and the blue Caribbean Sea.
It looked like it was secluded so I slid the door open and stepped out into the morning sun. The air temperature was quite pleasant. The tropical humidity hadn't yet started its climb. Making my way to the rail at the edge of the deck I looked around to see where Liz might be. The steps lead down to a sandy "yard". A couple of loungers were positioned to catch the sun while tucked under the shade of the palms a table and set of chairs looked like a welcome spot for a late morning snack. A couple of hammocks swung between trees. There was a hedge of bushes along the waters edge and I could make out a fence that enclosed our enclave. I remembered the rental agent advising us to close the gate in order to keep the feral goats and donkeys out of the landscaping. Who knew that these animals have a sweet tooth for exotic plants and trees.
Looking left and right all I can see are trees. The foliage is so dense I can't even see the houses on either side. It's kind of like being in a tree house. Near the waters edge there is a gate. I guess that gives you access to the water and beach. Draped over the fence I see a towel. My wife must be out having a swim.
I step back inside to the kitchen to put some water on to boil. I know she'll be ready for some tea once she gets back. Back in our room I rummage through my suitcase and find a bathing suit. We both enjoy swimming and the one I grab is a very brief racer style suit. I figured I could enjoy getting maximum tan in a suit like this. I start to put it on but then have second thoughts. If its as private as the brochure indicates I might not even need this. I wonder if Liz would be willing to go without too. In our younger days we'd visited nude beaches so I knew there was a precedent.
Two cups of tea are now steeping and I carry them out to the deck. My heart races a little as I go back outside. A stack of towels was right by the door and I hold one under my arm with my suit as I carry the mugs out to the deck table.
The sound of gentle splashing tells me she's nearing shore. I look out at the water to see where she might be and catch the movement of the otherwise still water as she makes her way toward the beach. Her stroke seems effortless as she glides closer then she stops swimming, crouched down in the water, shaking her head to clear her ears. Only her head and neck are visible to me. She turns as if to look up and down the beach, first to the right and then to the left. Its as if she is a bit hesitant to leave the sea. Maybe she's just doing her cool down after the effort of swimming.
A moment later she does another head turning survey then I watch her stand and quickly move toward the gate and her towel. Oh my God, she's naked! It looks like she also was taken in by our seclusion and took advantage of the opportunity to go without clothes. I never expected her to do this so quickly and without my prodding.
The shape of her figure had always attracted me. Her full rounded hips give her a womanly shape and her large breasts sway as she makes a quick dash from the water to her towel which she quickly wraps around her nudity. I feel like a voyeur as she makes her way across our yard and to the steps leading up to the deck where I'm standing.
When she sees me standing there she makes a little squeak.
"How long have you been there?" she asks.
"Long enough to appreciate the tropical beauty."
"I'd wrapped my self in a towel when I got up this morning to look around and the water was so inviting. I didn't see anyone moving around and figured I'd be OK for a quick swim. Now I'm thinking that if you were watching me then maybe someone else was too."
"Baby, I only realized you were naked when you got out of the water and judging from the trees and bushes surrounding us, I don't think anyone would have been able to see you. Anyway, as beautiful as you are, they could only enjoy the view. I know I did."
Standing on the deck I gathered her in my arms, feeling the water trickling from her hair and down her back. Pulling the towel from around her I had her turn away from me and used it to dry her brunette shoulder length hair. When it was just damp I spread the towel over the rail and, still behind her, turned her to face out to the water. My hands traced up and down along her waist and hips, enjoying the tautness of bare skin. Her hands were spread out on the railing and, moving up, my hands stroked along the outside edge of her naked breasts. I felt her push her ass back against my now rigid cock in response to this stimulation. Teasingly, I reached further around to caress the underside of her breasts, feeling their weight as my hands explored the fleshy orbs. Her nipples were stiff in response to this stimulation and I used fingers to roll and tug on the protruding nubs.
As Liz pushed back further against my crotch her legs spread apart and she leaned further over resting her forearms on the railing of the deck. She shifted back and forth brushing her glorious ass against my upward pointing member as if tease it into submission. Looking over her back, the morning sun reflected off the smooth water casting a warm glow on our exposed lovemaking. She reached down between her legs to grab my cock and guide it into her slick pussy. It slipped in with ease; she was so wet with anticipation.
Her hand stayed between her legs. I could feel her fingers brush against the undersurface of my dick as I pumped in and out of her pussy. Then she would slide them up to rub circles around her swollen clit. I got so turned on thinking about the view from the beach in front of our villa. If someone were to walk by at that moment they would no doubt be frozen by the scene of my wife leaning over the railing, tits swaying with the motion of being fucked from behind. Her breathing had intensified and in moments I felt her contract her pussy on my shaft. That was all it took to push me over the edge and the pressure in my nut sack exploded at the same time she climaxed. It felt like I came for nearly a minute and she continued to thrust back against my as her own orgasm continued.
As things finally played out I pulled out and she turned to face me, wrapping her arms around my neck and pushing up against my body. My still hard and slick cock pressed between us. We held each other for a while relishing in the closeness of the moment.
She finally broke the silence. "Lets go get cleaned up. I know a great place to go skinny dipping."
Grabbing my hand she led me down the steps and across the yard to the gate at the water's edge.
"Do you think we need towels?" I asked. "What if somebody comes along?"
"You weren't bothered when it was me out there without a suit. Plus, nobody knows us here. We'll just stay ducked down in the water until the coast is clear. Come on, this will be fun."
I knew it would be. Deep down I'd fantasized about this very situation where we'd be caught unexpectedly. In my fantasy it was either on our deck at home or in our hot tub.
Standing at the gate I peered up and down the shore. I could see no one moving at all. About 200 yards down the beach there were a number of inflatable dinghys pulled up on the sand. Hand in hand we quickly moved to the water and ducked down under its surface. Even though it was still early morning the temperature was in the 80's and, after the recent exertion, the water felt great. The sensation of water flowing across naked skin is most delightful and we both enjoyed the refreshment that it offered. I followed her a little further out into deeper water and we began to swim parallel to the beach. After a hundred or so feet I stopped to survey the area. Our house was at the end of the beach, difficult to make out because of the thick foliage of the yard. Next door was another villa. It's yard was basically all sand. There was an elevated deck to one side with steps leading down to the beach. Continuing down the shore was a third house. It looked unoccupied, its windows boarded up, and the yard in front seemed overgrown. There were no other houses before the dingy dock that we'd seen earlier. I guessed that boats that moored further down the beach in the cove used this dock as their access to the island. At the other end of the beach I could see a number of boats tied up to mooring pins. On the beach opposite these boats a number of tables and chairs were scattered and I presumed this to be a beach bar and restaurant that I'd read about in the documents about the house.
We began our return to our end of the beach. There was a little coral reef about 200 feet off the sand and we took some time to swim around it peering through the water. I made a mental note to come back out with goggles or my snorkel gear to get a better look. Heading back in to shore I pulled up even with Liz as we stroked in.
"Hey," she said. "Are there people out on the beach at the house next to us?"
I squinted to bring things into focus. I could make out two people unfolding low beach chairs right at the edge of the water. There was a man who looked to be in his 50s, grey hair on his head and chest. He was wearing a Speedo style swimsuit like I wear in the pool at home. He looked very tan. The other was a woman, also tan. Her shoulder length hair was pulled into a pony tail, a beautiful silver color which was in stark contrast to her dark skin color. She had on a bikini top and a colorful sarong was wrapped around her hips. I noticed as she took it off and sat down that the bottoms were a T-back style. I'd tried to get Liz to consider wearing one of those on this trip but she was too afraid that she wasn't thin enough.
It became obvious that our neighbors were settling in to their chairs to enjoy the morning sun and a beachside breakfast. Liz turned to me with a panicked look.
"What are we going to do now. There's no way to get back to the house without being seen."
"Well," I responded. "Our choices are to stay here until they go back in, and we don't know how long that will be, or just bite the bullet and be nonchalant about it. I mean, after all, it is the tropics. They're not wearing much more that we are. We'll just be casual about it, as if its something we do everyday. I'll walk beside you so that I'm between you and them."
By this time we were in about 3 feet of water and 25 or so feet away from the beach and another 20 feet to our gate. I remembered having shut the gate after we came out. I could see our towels on the other side of the fence laying on a small table under the palm trees.
"Are you ready?" I ask Liz. "Don't run and splash, that will just draw attention to ourselves. Plus, you needn't be embarrassed. I think you look hot!"
Hand in hand we stood up and began our walk. I glanced to the right to see if the folks next door were even aware that we were there. Both were looking directly at us and the woman lifted her arm with a wave.
"Well," I reported to Liz, "We've been seen. Just smile and wave back."
And that's just what we did. It only took a few seconds to get to the gate but my heart was going a hundred miles and hour and it seemed like it took 10 minutes. On top of that, the latch for the gate was rusted and it took a bit longer to get it undone. Finally we were back inside our yard and out of view. We both wrapped towels around ourselves to dry off. We both started laughing.
"Howdy neighbor!" I said to Liz. "That's a heck of a way to make an impression. I hope we didn't scare them too badly."
We were just about to head up to the deck and get breakfast when we heard a voice call out.
"Hullo"
It was our next door neighbors not standing at the fence at the corner of the yard where our yard bordered theirs. They were both wearing their swimsuits and I noticed that she hadn't bothered to put her sarong back on. We were still wrapped in our towels as we walked down to meet them.
"I guess we're going to get spoken to about our skinny dipping," said Liz.
They introduced themselves as Jerry and Karen. I wasn't too far off on my initial assessment. They looked to be a few years older than us probably in their early 50's.
I decided to be proactive.
"Sorry if we offended you with our swimming." I said. "We kind of got caught up in the moment."
"No worries," replied Karen. "We've been coming to this spot for years, in fact 5 years ago we bought the house next door and added the pool. We love the fact that its off the beaten path and very few people come by. That's why we decided to buy here so we can enjoy the clothing optional privacy. We were glad to see you sharing that lifestyle since we do too."
Jerry chimed in. " Usually we have to just stick to our pool deck since we don't always know who's staying in this house. I hate having to deal with sand and wet swimsuits so we don't often get to sit on the beach or swim in the ocean nude."
We chatted for a short time when Karen spoke up.
"Jer, we've interrupted Jack and Liz's morning enough. They must be starving. Guys, tell you what. If you're free stop by this afternoon around 4 or 5 and we'll have drinks up by the pool. I understand if you have other plan, after all it is vacation, but we'd love to have you visit and it would give me a chance to break out the blender for some frozen margaritas."
"That sounds great," answered Liz. "Our plans are wide open."
"Great, we can enjoy some drinks, cool off in the pool and watch the sunset. We'll see you this evening."
It was hard to keep my eyes off the shapely nearly bare butt of Karen as they walked away. The thong bikini was aquamarine and a stark contrast to the dark tan. It was obvious she wore that suit or less when she laid out. Liz and I headed back to our deck.
"I guess you enjoyed that view," kidded Liz. "They seem like nice people. I would have never guessed that they were nudists."
"What does a nudist look like?" I asked. "The only way to tell is the way they act when nude. It obviously doesn't bother them and I'm proud of the way you acted there wearing just a towel."
"Even in a towel I had more on than Karen."
We enjoyed the rest of the morning relaxing on our deck and in our yard. As Jerry and Karen had said, we didn't see another person all day. Sailboats passed through the bay in front of our house in the distance. Liz had put on one of her bikinis after breakfast when we went to sunbathe on the loungers in the yard but after a short time, when she saw that I was going to stay nude, she took it off and tucked it away in her bag. I made sure that she was protected with sunscreen since there was a fair amount of previously unexposed skin now visible and I'll admit to taking my task seriously since it meant rubbing my oily hands all over her naked body.
We did finally get dressed and left the house for a brief afternoon trip to a nearby store to get some food supplies, a bottle of rum and some cheese and crackers to take with us to the neighbors. We even managed to get an afternoon nap in, nearly sleeping until 5 o'clock. Yes, that's the way to enjoy a vacation.
Liz was gathering up the snacks we had purchased and I got one of the bottles of wine I'd brought from home to give as a hostess gift. She had put on her bikini (one of the new skimpy ones I'd encouraged her to buy) and a cover up and I slipped on a pair of board shorts. After all, it was more or less a cocktail party. We decided to just walk up the beach to get to their house rather than go up the street front entrance.
The "yard" of their house was basically just a sandy space. The house was on elevated like many of the oceanfront properties we'd seen. In front was a deck with steps leading down to the beach. I could see a couple of towels spread over the deck rail. Music was playing from inside and I could hear the sound of an electric blender. Liz called out our hello as we made our way up the steps.
The pool was beautiful, a rectangular shape with a rounded hot tub at one end and deck loungers arranged at the far end looking out over the water. The landscaping on the side opposite our house was just as thick and green as ours and provided a nearly impenetrable screen from the next house over.
"Karen, our guests are here."
Jerry stood up to greet us. I heard a little gasp of astonishment from Liz as he walked towards us. He was completely naked and his cock must have been 8 inches long, swinging back and forth as he walked toward us. Karen appeared at the door holding a tray of drinks and she, too, was completely nude. I think she sensed our surprise.
"Jerry, maybe we should put something on. I don't think our new friends were quite ready for this."
Liz spoke up first. "No, no," she replied. "This is your house and we are guests. We knew from earlier today that you were nudists, in fact we spent most of the day ourselves sunbathing in the nude. We just have to adapt. Please don't change anything just because of us."
Karen handed drink glasses to everyone and Jerry took the tray, heading back to the house.
"We brought you a bottle of wine," I offered, "and here are some cheese and crackers we can nibble on. If you'll show me to the kitchen I'll stick the wine into the fridge and grab some napkins."
Jerry led the way. Entering the house through a sliding door we were in a large open great room and the far side of the room was the open kitchen, Granite counter tops and light colored wood gave the room a tropical airy feeling. Jerry retrieved a package of cocktail napkins while I stowed the wine bottle into the stainless steel fronted refrigerator. I followed him back out to the deck where Karen and Liz were talking.
I had to do a double take when I sat down beside Liz. She had completely stripped off her bikini and was as naked as Karen.
"Come on Jack," she prodded. "You need to get with the program here."
Steeling myself with a big sip of the strong drink I stood up and quickly slid the board shorts down my legs, tossing them to Liz's bag where her bikini had already been folded away. I hurriedly sat back down afraid of what might happen as I sat here with two beautiful and completely nude women. It was made even more difficult when Karen sat up on her lounger and assumed an Indian style position. Her dark tan went all the way to her pussy and it was obvious that she either shaved or waxed it completely. I could feel my dick starting to stir and chose that time to hop into the pool and cool off before things started sticking out in all sorts of directions.
We ended up having a most delightful time visiting with our new friends. Jerry was a dentist in the costal area of North Carolina. Karen had been a stay at home mom. Now that their kids were grown and out of the house they tried to travel as much as possible to visit their tropical retreat here in the USVI. They had a great gig going with Jerry working for 6 weeks then taking a 2 week break here. I asked them about their introduction to nudism.
They had first experienced nude beaches in their home state of when they would vacation on Ocracoke Island, a barrier island that is part of the Outer Banks. Nearly the entire island was National Seashore and most of the beach was remote. One only had to pull off the road and walk across the dune to find a barren stretch of sand. It was not an officially sanctioned nude beach so you had to be constantly on alert for park rangers who patrolled to be sure no one was damaging the dunes or interfering with the nest of some threatened shore bird. Whenever you saw the glint from approaching truck windshields you would have to tug on your suit and then smile and wave as the rangers passed. They said that they enjoyed the feeling of nudity but always felt a little on edge.
After their first trip to St. Croix they had fallen in love with the island. The tropical environment was the first attraction and the fact that it was a US territory made the travel a bit easier. When they discovered this remote cove and the house they now owned they had fallen in love.
"It makes it a lot easier to enjoy sans clothing," said Karen. "When we're here we stay close to home and rarely put anything on.
The late afternoon turned into evening and after several rounds of Karen's drinks we were feeling no pain. I ran back over to our place and got the chicken that we had planned to have for dinner so we could grill out with our new friends. Jerry and Karen had salad and some vegetables that were made even more flavorful on the grill as we continued our visit. Periodically we'd slip into the pool to stave off the late evening tropical heat and by the late evening, after dinner, we were enjoying the not too hot hot tub.
I guess my yawning gave away how tired I had become, in part related to the drinks and wine with dinner and around 9 o'clock we said our goodbyes. I will admit that I enjoyed hugging Karen with her bare breasts pushing against my chest and it seemed like Liz lingered a bit as Jerry did the same to her. As we walked back to our villa I asked if she enjoyed the feeling of his long cock up against her thigh.
"I think that would be just a little too scary for me," she answered. "After 20 years I know just what I like and its hanging between your legs. Now, if you're not too tired I have just the place for you to put it right now..."