21. Saturday Night Milk Fever, Part 1
Saturday Afternoon
Madelyn waited outside the staff entrance at work, wanting to admire Leila hopping, skipping, and jumping her way to the door while bottomless. "God, I don't think I'll ever get tired of that sight," she sighed quietly while watching her girlfriend approach the door with bosoms heaving and her furry crotch completely exposed.
Leila beamed at Maddie as she arrived and leaned in for a kiss. Madelyn was eager to oblige and gave the bunny girl a passionate smooch while letting her hands explore her girlfriend's wide hips and round buttocks. Leila blushed and when the kiss ended she looked around nervously, whispering, "We're still outside! Anyone could see us!"
Maddie chuckled and gave her girlfriend a soft swat on the ass, making her jump a little, and said, "I kind of want people to see us. It turns me on to think of everyone staring at us and being jealous of me for getting to put my hands all over this fabulous body." She emphasized her statement by running her hands over Leila's hips and up her back, under her shirt.
Leila shivered with lust and grinned with embarrassment at the compliment. "You're sweet!" she said as she leaned in for another kiss, this time just a little more than a peck, before the two headed into work.
Tina was apparently watching for their arrival and hailed them as soon as they entered the building. "I need to talk to the two of you again. Come into the office after you've clocked in and put your things away."
Tina's face was unreadable as she spoke, so Madelyn wasn't sure what to expect. Leila seemed very anxious, but Maddie doubted Tina was going to try anything to get them in trouble again. Possibly someone had gone over Tina's head and complained to her boss about Maddie and Leila. "Or maybe Tina's desperate for a repeat performance," thought Maddie, trying not to grin. She found herself starting to juice up at the thought of fucking her boss again and wondered if that was her own kinkiness or a result of the magic milk the remote had indicated it was giving Tina. Quite probably both, she decided.
Tina was nowhere to be seen when they entered the office, which was confusing until the door shut behind them. They turned to see Tina had been hiding the corner of the room that the door concealed when open. She was on her knees and wearing one of the translucent body stockings she had ordered for Leila's uniform. It fit her relatively average-sized proportions like a glove, since she had used her own measurements when ordering to ensure that the garments would look obscenely small when Leila donned them. When she looked up at her two employees she had tears in her eyes and said, "Please, I need to suckle you both again. Last night was the most amazingly erotic experience of my entire life. I'm so sorry I tried to force you, so now I'm begging you. Please, whatever you do, don't leave me so full and horny." Tina cast her wet eyes to the ground when she finished her plea, awaiting a decision.
Maddie and Leila stared at each other and the lust both were feeling for their boss was evident on their faces. Maddie was worried about getting caught, and worried that the magic milk might make them too horny to concentrate on work, but when Leila dropped to her knees and crawled toward a milky mammary Maddie followed. Tina looked up with delighted relief and quickly moved aside the small cups covering her breasts to bare her nipples. Leila latched on immediately but Maddie took a moment to whisper, "We'll discuss what you owe us later," in Tina's ear before taking the other teat into her mouth.
The hot, sweet, creamy milk stirred Maddie's lust deeply. From the noises the other two were making she could tell she was not alone. She let her hands wander over Tina and Leila absently, and felt theirs touching her. The three women gradually slumped to the ground and laid themselves out as best they could. Leila, who was closer to the door, wound up almost straddling her boss as she hungrily nursed. Suddenly there was a knock at the door and it swung open to reveal one of their coworkers.
"Hey, Tina, I wanted to ask you- Oh!" The young man stared at the frozen trio for several long seconds. Maddie felt a trickle of milk escape the corner of her mouth as time seemed to draw out interminably, her eyes wide with shock as she stared at the intruder. The young man finally said, "I'm sorry, I didn't realize you all were taking your meal break. I'll come back later." He backed out of the office and shut the door, but the near disaster had cooled everyone's ardor somewhat. Leila and Tina were in disbelief about the guy's reaction, but Maddie knew it must have something to do with the remote making public breastfeeding seem more normal, at least where Tina was involved.
The three women picked themselves up and Leila remarked, "I guess we'd better get out there and see to our tables," while turning to leave.
Feeling horny and mischievous, Maddie stopped her and said, "But you're not wearing your uniform!"
Perplexed, the bunny girl looked at her blouse and replied, "Yes, I am!"
Maddie shook her head and grinned at her girlfriend, saying, "That's your old uniform, remember? You're supposed to be wearing one of those from now on!" as she pointed at Tina. Leila looked thunderstruck and started stammering, so Madelyn hugged her and whispered into her ear, "Do it for me, babe, please? It gets me so hot watching you jiggle around in that stupid little costume. It's not because Tina says so or for anyone else, okay? It's your gift to me."
Leila still looked conflicted, but as she stared at Maddie's face a grin grew on her own. She finally shrugged dramatically, which set her large breasts wobbling, and said, "Okay, but I didn't bring it today." Looking at Tina, the bunny girl asked, "Did you order any spares?"
Tina nodded and started moving toward her desk but Maddie held up a hand to stop her, saying, "Just give Leila the one you're wearing now. It'll be extra hot if she's wearing your milk and juices." Leila bit her lip, torn between lust and laughing, but Tina just blinked. Maddie snapped her fingers impatiently and Tina hurried to remove the garment and hand it over. Leila took off her shirt, still blushing and embarrassed to do so with an audience, and slipped into the too-small stocking. With another kiss and swat to the ass, Maddie said, "I'll be out in a minute, just need to sort out some scheduling stuff with Tina," and nudged Leila out the door.
Tina was getting dressed in her normal clothes when Maddie walked over and said, "Trigger Trance." Tina's eyes went blank and she murmured, "Ready for triggers." Maddie thought about wording for a few moments and said, "When someone suckles milk from your breasts, you will feel sexually submissive to that person." After Tina confirmed the trigger, Maddie continued with, "While someone is suckling your breast, your hand will play with your pussy or your ass. If both breasts are being suckled, your hands will play with both." Thinking that there should be room for at least one more trigger, and feeling just the slightest bit vengeful, Maddie smirked and said, "For the next week, any time someone says 'milk' around you, you'll immediately squeeze one or both of your boobs, unless your hands are full, in which case you will moo instead."
Saturday Night
Maddie and Leila were seated opposite each other in the breakroom during an actual meal break toward the end of their shift. Their arousal had been rebuilding itself steadily all evening, with Maddie hungrily watching Leila move around in her would-be scandalous attire, and Leila feeling a flare of lust every time she caught her lover staring at her body. Leila wondered if she might even be turning into an exhibitionist, but she thought that in her case, it wasn't so much that she got turned on showing herself off, just that she got turned on by turning Maddie on by showing off. Possibly there was some special kind of exhibitionist subspecies that dealt specifically with that kink, but whatever it might be called, Leila was enjoying being one.
Their meal-time conversation had been surprisingly mundane up to this point, since other people keep moving in and out of the area on one errand or another, but it was quiet enough at the moment that Leila felt comfortable leaning forward to whisper some hot gossip. "Oh, by the way, I think you were in the kitchen at the time, but Tina came out to help carry a large order to one of Debbie's tables, and she was standing there holding a big platter with both hands when all of a sudden she mooed! Like a cow! There was a little kid at the table so I thought maybe she was trying to make him laugh by making animal noises for some reason but she didn't do any more, and everyone nearby was staring at her and she was blushing which made me kind of think she didn't do it on purpose. Why are you laughing?"
Maddie had indeed cracked up during the story and she said in a quiet voice, between giggles, "I made her do that! I sort of hypnotized her and gave her a trigger earlier. It was kind of a little bit of payback for what she tried to do to us, nothing serious, just a little embarrassment."
Leila looked puzzled and said, "I didn't know she was in on the game!"
That remark made Maddie stare, perplexed, and finally ask, "What game?"
Leila tilted her head in confusion, saying, "The trigger game we were playing last night! Or maybe it was this morning? You remember, the one where you agreed to cum if I said squirt!"
To the shock of both women, Madelyn grunted and slid down in her chair and her hand flashed to her pantiless pussy. She started frigging herself urgently right there in the breakroom, completely unable to stop. No one else could see what was happening at the moment but someone could walk by or walk in at any second. Perhaps fortunately, the bubbling arousal Maddie had been feeling all evening meant that she was able to quickly bring herself to climax. She shot a strong stream of squirt that arced right out of her skirt and splashed onto Leila's crotch, which made the bunny girl twitch and shiver. The first blast was followed by several weaker ones that puddled on the floor under the table. Finally able to pull her hand away Maddie was able to gasp out, "What the fuck?!"
~~
Madelyn sat at the break room table, stunned at her wanton behavior. She stared at Leila, whose face and chest were flushed bright red, as the bunny girl kept glancing between Maddie's face and her own lap, where Madelyn's squirt had splashed the crotch of her translucent uniform. It took Maddie a few moments to get her brain working again, but once she did it wasn't hard to figure out what must have happened. Leila had presumably found and activated the remote, at least mostly by accident, and assumed it was some kind of toy for roleplaying sex games. She had implanted a trigger in Maddie, not realizing her girlfriend was actually in trance at the time. "Oh, god, that's so fucking hot!" thought Maddie as she bit her lip, barely able to resist the urge to finger herself to another orgasm right there, or better yet, get Leila or Tina to do it for her.
Leila appeared to be on the verge of finally saying something so Madelyn leaned forward to whisper, "Let's not discuss it here. Obviously this is more than a game, okay? I'll prove it to you." Maddie grabbed one of the baby carrots her girlfriend had brought with her meal and said, "Here, hide this for me." Automatically, the bunny girl took the small root and pulled aside the crotch of her outfit and slid the carrot easily into her wet folds with a small grunt.
Leila's shocked eyes snapped back to Maddie's as she hissed, "How is this happening?!"
Madelyn reached out to grab the bunny girl's hand and said, "I'll explain everything later, I promise, let's just try to get through the rest of the shift, okay? One thing at a time." Leila nodded and got up to return to work, carrot still lodged in her cunny, while Maddie wiped up the puddles of her squirt from beneath the table.
Affected Targets:Madelyn Berman(Mind Control Fetish 2, Sexual Reorientation- Lesbian, +Sex Worker+);Allison Berman(Sex Worker, Sex Trader, Recruiter);Jenny Berman(Petplay Fetish 2: Kitten); Leila Behzadi (Bunny Girl Stage 2);Cassandra Ryan(Nudity Fetish 2, +Sex Worker+);Christina Lund(Lactation Fetish 2);Katrina Jewel Evans(+Sex Worker+, +Sex Trader+)