Thank you everyone who read my first story, your kind words and encouragement meant a lot to me.
If you haven't read the first "Roommates", I encourage you to do so otherwise you might feel a little lost. Enjoy!
Summer had come, sending the temperature in the city soaring. Our apartment's AC had to work overtime.
Roxy and I sat on the couch drinking some concoction that she had cooked up earlier that evening. It had rum. That was all I knew. A commercial came on showing an amusement park located outside the city.
"Oh, Sam look!" she pointed excitedly, sloshing her drink down her hand. She looked like she had been transformed back into being a kid as she began to list all her favorite rides she had been on. "I love rides!"
"Really did not think you were that crazy about roller coasters?" I admitted. It was fun seeing this more playful side of her.
She nodded, taking a long drink from her glass, finishing by licking the previously spilled liquid off her fingers. It was a normal, everyday motion, but somehow, it was something more. Her voice pulled me back.
"Oh yeah! My family loved going to those places growing up. The food, those sketchy ass games, and the rides...man it takes me back. I haven't been in years because of work."
I nodded, giving her a few reasons why I hadn't been to many. Work, school, lack of people to go with. The truth was, I was embarrassed to admit the actual reason I hadn't been to one in so long. My fear of heights.
The commercial ended with the location and open times.
"You want to go this weekend?" She asked. Pleading eyes staring at me over the top of her glass.
I had planned to go in on Saturday to finish some work since everyone else would be out, leaving me undisturbed. Looking up from my phones calendar, I found Roxy had gone full "puppy" eyes on me.
"Come on! It'll be fun! Don't tell me you don't like the rides?"
I shook my head, even as I felt my palms sweat at the thought. "I don't mind rides!" Liar. "Its just I had really intended to get some work done...." I trailed off, her eyes boring into me.
My head fell back onto the couch. "Fine." I relented, "Just stop looking at me like that."
She clapped her hands together. "Whoo! Saturday we eat funnel cake and ride roller coasters till we puke!"
"I would really prefer not to puke."
"Then we'll ride roller coasters and eat various things until I puke!"
That seemed to be about as good as I was going to get from her. "Fine, until you puke, or the place closes for the night. Whichever comes first."
She slapped my thigh with the back of her hand. "That's the spirit! Should we see if Brian and Emily want to go too?"
Brian and Emily belonged to our, mostly coworker, friend group. I never thought I would be the type to enjoy hanging out with coworkers, willingly spending more time with them than I already had to. The story had changed though. It was nice having friends that I would see at work and got along with well enough that we could do stuff outside of the office, which usually included going to a bar and making small bets on various things or singing along to the songs on the jukebox.
Conflicting thoughts tumbled around in my head. It would be fun to hang out with them, but I wasn't keen for them to learn out about my issue with heights. Would Roxy find it strange if I insisted on it just being the two of us?
Memories of the night we had explored each other rushed through my head. Even after months had gone by with no repeat of those activities, I still felt my blood grow warm and begin to flow to my groin.
No, it was best to go as a group. That would avoid any awkwardness. I would just have to face my fears head on and deal with it. I realized how long I was taking to answer her question. "Yeah...let's invite them."
Saturday began by being awoken by the jolting sound of the apartment's intercom buzzer going off.
I rolled out of bed, confirmed that it was indeed earlier than I would ever prefer to get up, and went to the intercom.
"Who is it?" I demanded, a little more aggressively than originally intended.
A familiar voice replied, "Brian and Emily. I'm guessing Roxy didn't tell you what time we were gonna leave today, did she?"
Still rubbing sleep out of my eyes, I glanced at the door to her room. Roxy came shuffling out, her hair matted on one side, her eyes barely open as she ran into the countertop.
"No. She did not."
"Figures. Buzz us up, we'll hang out until you guys are ready."
I hit the button and went to help Roxy get the coffee going. Brian and Emily arrived at our door just as the coffee was done.
Emily had on a tight fitting sundress covered in yellow flowers with a wide brim hat on her head. Her hair was in a pair of braids that she had pulled up over her shoulders and tied with matching yellow ribbons.
"You look like summer threw up on you." I said.
Emily, who was a notorious morning person in our office, just smiled and stuck her tongue out.
"Sam... you wish you looked as good as me." She retorted as she walked into the apartment like she was on the catwalk for some luxury brand.
My brain, still struggling to process data let the comment pass without rebuttal.
Brian followed her in. He wasn't dressed as vividly as Emily. Just a pair of khaki shorts, flip flops, and a loose fitting blue button up shirt. A pair of dark sunglasses were nested in his always perfectly styled hair. How did the man make such a simple outfit look so cool?
While he wasn't even close to Emily levels of chipper-ness, he had definitely been awake longer than me and it showed. "Morning, Sam. Roxy probably didn't tell you that I was driving us up there, either? If that helps things."
I shot a dirty look towards Roxy, who was currently cradling a mug of coffee at the table. When she finally noticed mine and Brain's disapproving looks, she just thew a shrug.
"You would be correct." I replied, "I guess it's good that we don't have to worry about catching the train then."
Brian rummaged through our cabinets, searching for a mug. Finding one, he filled it to the brim and held the pot out for me to refill my own. "Don't have to catch a train, but we do have to get out of the city before eight. Otherwise we're gonna get stuck in the traffic. Emily said there's a good little diner near the park that we can stop at to kill some time before the park opens."
This information did make me feel a little better. I left them to their coffee while I went to get dressed.
I opted to go the same route as Brian. A pair of shorts, flip flops, a loose fitting button up and sunglasses. It was hot and I didn't want to worry about too much clothing.
"Don't forget to bring a swimsuit." Emily called out.
I poked my head out of the door of my room. "Swimsuit? Does this place have a pool too?" They hadn't shown any in the ad we had seen.
She nodded enthusiastically. "It's not a ton of stuff, but it's nice to be able to cool down for a bit."
Knowing that, I added my suit and a towel to the bag, along with a phone charger, wallet, and water bottle.
Roxy had picked a light blue sundress similar in style to Emily's. The difference with hers was the cut and what she was doing with it. The neckline swooped down, framing her more noticeable bust. It was a simple dress, but she made it look as provocative as a slinky cocktail dress. Her hair was tied up into a loose bun with a pair of massive sunglasses sitting atop her head. It still looked like she could use another couple hours of sleep but she was doing better than I was.
Brian drove a nice, sensible sedan that fit all of us comfortably. I sat up front with him, while Emily and Roxy sat in the back. Brian handed me his phone and told me to pick the music.
As we began our trip Brian and I discussed work until Emily told us to shut up and enjoy our day off. We obliged, changing topics to movies and shows we had been watching recently. This got everyone involved and ate up a good chunk of the drive time.
Leaving early had been the right choice when it still took us an hour just to get out. As we left the traffic began to really pick up. I rolled my window down and enjoyed the still cool morning air before the heat of the day stole it away.
The conversation shifted towards things that I found less interesting. I let their voices fade to background noise as the wind blew across my face. The sun was on my side of the car, warming my face as I looked out a the passing world. The cup of coffee I'd had fought valiantly to keep me awake, but found itself outmatched. My eyes began their slow drooping descent before I drifted off entirely. The next thing I knew, the car was coming to a stop and Emily was shaking my shoulder.
"Get up, we're gonna get some food."
Reluctant to give up the grasp on my sleep I grumbled and cracked an eye, glancing at the time on my phone. The park wasn't going to open for another hour.
I was about to tell them to go in without me while I slept some more, but my stomach had other plans. It let out an audible growl. The smell coming from the diner was heavenly. I've always been a sucker for greasy spoon diners.
We made our way inside, the other three looking much more ready to take on the day than I was after my little nap.
Squeezing into the booth after Roxy, I perused the menu. It was your standard diner fare. That made it easy to decide on a basic order: bacon, eggs, and toast. Brian got the same but added hash browns.
True to her character, Emily ordered a waffle smothered in fruit and heaped with whipped cream. Her eyes lit up as it was delivered to the table. Roxy ordered the french toast but made a special request for a small side of chicken fried chicken. Our server gave her a look but nodded that they'd be able to handle the order.
"It's just like chicken and waffles." She explained. The three of us just looked at each other and shrugged, causing Roxy to grumpily defend her choice.
We ate our food, offering commentary on each other's choices. The debate was centered mostly on Roxy's food order. Emily thought it was weird but both Brian and I agreed, after a bit of convincing, that the sweet and savory combo had us both wanting to try it. Roxy tried to get Emily to take a bite, but she wasn't having it.
We finished our meal by performing the ritual dance of trying to split the check the correct way along with who owed what in tip. With the check paid, we sat drinking coffee and making idle chat until we were ready to leave for the park.
It was only a few more miles to the park from the diner. As the tops of the taller features came into view Roxy became noticeably more excited. From the road, I could see at least three large roller coasters, one of those tower drop things, and a massive ferris wheel. All were painted bright colors and looked fairly new.
Panic began to rise inside me. I'll be okay....I'll be okay...I repeated to myself mentally while taking deep breaths. The others were distracted, pointing out the rides, leaving me free to get my heart rate under control.
Arriving at the parking lot, we found that getting a space would be more difficult than anticipated. Apparently we weren't the only ones who had planned to arrive early. From what we could see, most of the other cars were families with children, but there were a few that looked to have brought groups like ours, young professionals escaping the city for a day, trying to remember what it was like to be a kid again.
A game soon sprang up as we cruised down the aisles of parked cars. We all took turns pointing out each unique 'dad' archetype we could find. For example, there was the 'sports dad' with his matching jersey and hat. 'Boy scout dad' with a belt-mounted cellphone, a massive cooler, socks with velcro sandals, and a wide hate that left little room for the sun to hit him. No dad was safe from our judgement.
Roxy's favorite was the 'wacky' dad. He's the kind of dad that has the odd-colored, mirrored sunglasses, an extremely well-worn shirt with a tacky catchphrase from the 90's on it, and to top it off, a vizor that made his hair look like it was a strange color and stood up like a hedgehog.
"Pure Alpha mentality." Feigning admiration oozed from Roxy's voice. "You just know he fucks!" She declared before letting out a comically loud moan and licking her lips seductively.
Brian pointed to a particular dad who was trying to get his teenage son's eyes off his phone. He cracked a smile. "I dunno, that guy could probably take him." We explained to him that his choice was basic while continuing to search for the one who would be crowned 'Ultimate Dad'.
My eyes locked on a rotund man wearing plaid swim trunks, water shoes, and an umbrella hat. His complete lack of shame from his wardrobe declared him as my champion. He was currently shirtless behind a massive SUV, slathering copious amounts of sunscreen on the ample surface his body provided. A woman, who I assumed was his wife, looked to be trying, albeit unsuccessfully, to get their daughters out of the car. They were clearly embarrassed by their dad's exhibitionism. Having finished basting himself with the sunscreen, he gave his belly a proud slap, threw a button up shirt on and walked around the car, not a single button being fastened along the way.
"I declare that man King Dad!" I pointed for the others to see, "There can be no other."
Emily let out a whistle in agreement. "How can one man posses that much raw sexual energy?"
Roxy pulled her sunglasses down her nose to get a better analysis. "Just thinking about him telling me that there's burgers on the grill has me absolutely dripping!"
Emily broke down into a fit of laughter before returning with her own, "The things I would do just to hear him say, good job sport."
The girls continued egging each other on. The comments growing more obscene each time as they tried to outdo the other with awkward dad stereotypes.
At last Brian found a free parking space, putting an end to the "Dad Olympics" conversation. The laughter had grown to the point that I had to wipe tears away from the corner of my eyes before getting out of the car.
Gathering our things, we headed toward the entrance. Stopping to collect the tickets Roxy had insisted we purchase ahead of time. She had explained that it was to maximize the amount of time we would get at the park.
Roxy pointed out the rides that could be seen rising into the air, as we approached the entrance. "Oh, we have to try that one first! Or maybe that one! God I can't wait!" She was practically squealing by the time we got up to the ticket counter. Despite my trepidation, I enjoyed watching Roxy's excitement continue to grow.
Tickets were redeemed in exchange for wristbands, locker keys, and a colorful guide to all the attractions offered in the park. A quick security check was performed on our bags, but then we were inside the park.
Roxy pulled us towards one of the large coasters as soon as we were through the gates. The line for the coaster was already long, and quickly growing as more people filtered through the gates.
"Hurry up!" Roxy urged, taking hold of Emily's arm and yanking her forward. Emily not ready for such a violent action, let out a surprised yelp, stumbling to regain her footing as Roxy dragged her along.
Up close, the roller coaster loomed at the edges of my vision. I could feel my skin go cold at the thought of being at its highest point. Hearing the screams of the riders, wasn't helping. My mind said that there no danger. These rides were thoroughly engineered and tested, but some primal part of me said that I would be the one who it would fail on. Before I could attempt to back out, I had been maneuvered into the line by Roxy's forceful hand. Swallowing hard, I fought to gain control over myself.
Despite its length, the line moved fairly quickly much to my dismay. Roxy was practically vibrating by the time we reached the front. My stomach had twisted itself into a knot.
The attendants had us to empty our pockets and remove anything that might fly off during the ride. Any potential projectiles were removed and stuffed into bins to await our return. The same attendants explained how to strap into the waiting carriages, while helping anyone who needed it. My pulse pounded in my ears drowning out their words.
The fear had me floating. Alien legs moved my body towards the ride while my mind drifted off to observe from a safe distance. Just as I was about to say that I didn't feel well and excuse myself, I felt a soft touch on my arm.
Roxy, beamed up at me. "Are you ready for this?" Excitement was radiating off of her, infectious in its brilliance.
Clenching my fists, I took a deep breath before responding. "Something like that, yes."
She smiled before moving to take her place on the ride.
Roxy and I were next to each other while Brian and Emily sat ahead of us. The floor dropped away, leaving our feet dangling in the air. Roxy was laughing and swinging her legs in pure, unadulterated joy, distracting me from what was about to happen.
Continuing to look at her, I was taken back to that night a few months prior, our evening on the couch. Neither of us had brought it up since, whether that was out of shame, fear, or regret I wasn't sure. Today though, those thoughts melted away. Looking at her dress, that left just enough to the imagination, had me recalling what lay hidden beneath. I shook my head, clearing away those wonderful images before I got myself into trouble. I was pleased to find that those risky thoughts helped to drown out the fear rising within me.
With a lurch, we were off. The next few minutes became a blur of color and noise. I screamed the entire time, questioning the choices that had lead me to this place in my life. Roxy, on the other hand, spent the entire ride laughing gleefully. I hoped she mistook my screams were for excitement and not for the sheer terror that it actually was.
The ride slowed, coming to its end. Relief filled me with warmth. I had made it! Nothing had happened, I was alive, and no one seemed the wiser to my true feelings about these rides. Both of us were breathing hard, grinning like idiots as we looked at each other. Some hair had fallen out of her hair tie, whipping around as we blasted through the twists and turns. She looked amazing. The sheer naturalness of her unhindered joy pulling me towards her. No sooner had we retrieved our belongings than Roxy was pointing and prodding us along towards our next stop.
This continued all morning. The four of us running from ride to ride with Roxy leading the charge. I managed to keep it together each time, which had me feeling particularly proud of myself.
Lunch rolled around, thankfully putting a pause on our mad dash around the park. Roxy was the only one to protest stopping, but gave in when she realized how hungry she was.
Wandering around the different food vendors I was shocked by the prices "They want $20 for a cheeseburger and fries?! Holy shit! That thing better taste magical." I grumbled as we walked between the rows of food vendors.
Brian nodded, his arms folded in front of him. "Don't get your hopes up. It's like going to a stadium. They feed off the excitement and then hit you with the $15 pint of beer."
My whining fell on deaf ears it seemed. It was either overpay for mediocre food or go hungry it seemed. Roxy came back with a sandwich that definitely was not worth what she paid for it. But she looked happy, so who was I to judge? Both Emily and Brian opted for a slice of cheese pizza and a drink. They explained that it was a combo deal which saved them a whole two dollars!
As we sat down, Roxy's attention was diverted by a nearby funnel cake stand. Her eyes lit up and were filled with a cross between lust and downright rapturous envy. She ate quickly before jumping up to go claim one for herself.
There were comments on how out of shape the three of us were compared to Roxy. She seemed to be fueled by excitement while we scurried between rides. It was obvious that the rest of us couldn't keep up that same breakneck pace she was setting.
Roxy returned to the table with her prize. Anticipation written across her face.
"This is the best part!" She declared as she tore off a chunk, stuffing it into her mouth, before pointing to it and talking through a stuffed face, "You guys have some too."
None of us had to be told twice. We tore into it like a pack of piranhas. Powdered sugar was all that remained in the end. We licked our fingers clean before discussing where to head next.
"It's getting pretty hot. Maybe we head over to the water park?" Brian suggested.
Emily put on an expression of exaggerated disgust. "You just want to see us in our swimsuits, you perv!"
A tired look appeared across Brian's face. This was a normal game played between the two of them. Since I had met them, insults, jabs and backhanded comments were constant in their conversations when it came to the other. At first I had been taken aback with their loathing, but came to learn that neither seemed to actually harbor any ill will, but for anyone else just witnessing it, these two were at each others throats all day.
I had asked Roxy about their strange relationship, since she had known the both much longer. She explained that they hadn't always been so spiteful to each other. When Brian had come to work for them, Emily had been the one to invite him to join her and Roxy at the bar. They had spent a few weeks flirting, then a few weeks dating. As soon as they broke up, the bickering began. They toned it down at work for the sake of professionalism, but when it was just us, it was an unrelenting chain of antagonistic remarks.
As was tradition, Brian fired back. "If I wanted to see a girl in a swimsuit, you wouldn't be anywhere near the top choice."
Roxy, busy dipping her fingertip into the remaining piles of powdered sugar on the tray and licking them, let out a long, "Oooooooohhhhhhh...burn!"
All eyes were on Emily now. Waiting for her return.
"You wish you got to see me in a swimsuit on a regular basis. I bet you dream about it." She held up a finger as an idea came to her. "I bet you told Roxy to plan this whole day, just so you could creep on me in a swimsuit." She looked towards Roxy, mock outrage forming on her face. "He did, didn't he! You're both such big pervs, Sam and I may just have to go and do our own thing. Let you two degenerates have your time together!"
Brian threw up his hands. "Holy shit, if there was an Olympic event for jumping to a conclusion, you'd take home gold. Fine, we won't go to the water park."
She squinted at him as she sat quiet for a minute. "What if I want to go to the pool?"
Roxy and I burst into laughter as Brian buried his head in his hands, a muffled scream coming a second later. "You are so goddamn obnoxious! Why are you like this?"
Emily, confident in her victory, let Brian sulk before joining in the laughter. "You make it so easy. Plus you're cute when you're mad. No wait, cute isn't the right word...pathetic? Yeah, that's the right one!"
Roxy and I held our sides as Brian spluttered and cursed. His face going red with exasperation. It would be interesting to see how he would retaliate later that day.
Gathering our things, we headed to the lockers, to change into our swimsuits. As I was beginning to apply sunscreen, the girls returned from their changing room.
Roxy was not a small woman. She was muscular from hours spent in the gym. While she maintained very soft curves, it was easy to tell that she worked hard to achieve her body. This was all put on display as she came out wearing a black bikini with gold thread woven into it. My eyes were drawn to the tan lines that ran between the top and bottom of her swimsuit. Despite wearing so little, just enough was left to the imagination to create a wave of excitement. My memory was happy to fill in the blanks for me. I shook my head to clear the thoughts. This was definitely not the place to pop a boner. Not when the only thing between my junk and the world was the thin fabric of my swimsuit.
Shifting my focus to Emily seemed like it might be a better idea as a quick distraction. She had on a floral one piece with wide cutouts on the sides and high hips. It suited her slim figure and tight waist. Both of them looked amazing. The distraction wasn't working. I turned away to get my head on right, looking to Brian. Lucky bastard was one of those people that could work out once a week and come out looking great. My jealousy at his ability to maintain a healthy physique did the trick.
Roxy's voice came up from behind. "Mind if I use your sunscreen? I think I forgot mine back at the apartment."
Nodding, I handed her the bottle after taking a healthy amount to apply to my legs. Careful to keep my eyes focused elsewhere to avoid staring at her.
Even with these precautions, out of the corner of my eye I caught her squeezing the sunscreen bottle and applying a large portion to herself. The back and forth movement of her hands on her skin as she worked the lotion into it, caused her upper half to shake and jiggle. I forced myself to look away, cursing my easily enthralled mind.
"I'll get your back if you get mine?" I heard her voice behind me. My heart did a flip. I just couldn't catch a break could I?
"Yeah, sure." I swallowed. It was like being in 8th grade at the pool for swim class. Why was I so worked up about sunscreen?
Well you have both seen each other naked while you got off. That may having something to do with it, I thought to myself.
Being taller, I sat down on a nearby bench, offering her easier access to my hunched form. God, I hoped I didn't have any acne or obscene hair back there. She began on my shoulder blades and shoulders, rubbing in sunscreen bit by bit. My heart rate accelerated as she continued. Part of me didn't want her to stop while another part of me needed her to stop. Her fingers dipped just inside the waistband of my swimsuit as she finished. She gave me a firm pat on the back.
"Alright, my turn. Make sure you don't miss a spot. I don't want a weird burn 'cause you got sloppy."
Talking a deep breath, I stood up, ready to return the favor. Her back was already towards me. Glancing over, I saw that Emily and Brian were doing the same for each other. They just did so in a way that made it seem like they were brother and sister. Emily had her arms fully extended, making a face of pure disgust as she smeared the sunscreen all over Brian's back. Brian looked just as uncomfortable in his own way.
"Hey, hurry up! There are slides to hit!" Roxy reprimanded.
Returning to the task at hand, my eyes fell across her toned back. Applying a good sized portion of portion of sunscreen into my hands, I rubbed it between my palms to warm it up. Starting on her shoulders, I made my way down, under the strap of her bikini, and across the soft ridges of her muscles. I found my mind wandering again as I slid my hands along the curve of her lower back. Although we had both seen each other naked, this somehow seemed so much more intimate.
Unfortunately these thoughts were creating a problem. I could feel my cock threatening to expand. While it wouldn't be the first time Roxy would have seen my erection, it defiantly wasn't the correct time and place for such a thing to happen. Closing my eyes I pictured old women and puppies playing in a park. This stopped the advance of my hard-on, but wasn't reversing it. I began to panic slightly as I was nearly done applying the sunscreen and she would have to turn around and see me. Let alone anyone wandering by.
As I finished rubbing in the last bits, I quickly turned away to fiddle with my belongings in the locker. This put my back to Roxy, allowing me to shift the bulge that had formed in my suit to be somewhat less noticeable. At least until it went away on its own accord.
Mumbling something about emails, I used the excuse to check my phone for a minute to stall for time. The bulge at the front of my suit subsided quickly as I distracted myself. Nothing like a work email to kill anyone's fun. Deeming my package to be at a socially acceptable level, I turned and walked over to the others.
"Shall we?" I asked, making sure to avoid looking directly at Roxy.
Roxy lead the way, dragging Emily behind her. Brian and I followed, as had been the MO for the day.
From our rear position I had to fight to keep myself from watching as Roxy's shapely ass moved back and forth. The bikini was definitely doing its job of highlighting her curves.
It was even more of a contrast when she stood next to Emily's slim figure. While Roxy was muscles and curves, Emily was petite and lithe. It reminded me of a gymnast's body, compact, but feisty. I had to admit, Emily's suit had me entranced. Up until today I had always seen one piece suits as a bit prudish. Images of Roxy in a one piece came to mind. I wondered what she looked like in the suit she wore to swim laps at the gym.
The water park had several attractions. There was a massive wave pool filled with people, a lazy river, and a few different slides of varying heights. To no one's surprise, Roxy led us up to base of the tallest waters slides. I let the others lead the way to avoid having them see me struggle to maintain my composure.
The stairs seems to go on forever, each one taking me higher into the air. The scream of the slide's riders could be heard at regular intervals, quickly fading as they rocketed down in a shower of water. Keeping my eyes on the railing, focusing on one step at a time helped to keep the panic in check. All thoughts of Roxy's curves fled my mind while I fought to keep my terror under control.
Without warning, a strong gust of wind blew across the structure, causing me to loose focus and shift my attention outwards. For the first time since we started our ascent, I was forced to witness how high up we had actually climbed. My vision swam, legs turning to jelly, threatening to drop me to the ground. The heavy beat of my pulse pounded in my ears as the world spun sickeningly. Reaching out, I steadied myself on the railing, gripping it tightly to avoid falling in my dizzy state.
Roxy's voice cut through the shock. "You ok, Sam?"
Both hands gripped the railing, palms sweating profusely. "Uhh, yeah... I'm good." It was an obvious lie but I wasn't able to come up with anything better in the moment.
Concern washed over Roxy's face, turning to Brian and Emily. "We'll catch up in a minute." She waved them onward. Her hand gripped my arm, firm but gentle. "I'm getting the sense that you don't like heights?"
A halfhearted chuckle bubbled up from my throat. "That obvious, huh?" I continued to take long deep breaths, swallowing to keep from throwing up, or worse, from fainting.
The stairs up the slide switched back and forth with wide landings every few levels for people to stop and rest on. To my relief, we had been near one of these landings when the wind had blown. Roxy lead me to the side of the nearest one so the people behind us could pass by, mouthing calm apologies to the people who were forced to wait.
Guilt gnawed at my chest. I was holding Roxy back from her fun. All I could do was give her a weak, reassuring smile. "You can go on ahead, I'll catch up."
Without any hesitation, she responded. "They're fine." She declared, waving her hand dismissively at Emily and Brian. "We'll chill until you get your feet back underneath you."
She placed a hand on my back reassuringly and began rubbing gently in a circular motion. The rhythmic motions became something I could focus on. Her touch guiding me back to a place of calm. My pulse slowed as breathing became easier. It was a simple gesture of reassurance, but coming from Roxy, it meant more.
"Ok, I think I'm good." I proclaimed, shakily.
Roxy's eyes locked onto mine staring into me, eyebrows raised in gentle disbelief.
"Why didn't you tell me you didn't like heights?" She asked, her voice calm. There was no judgement in her words, only the need for an honest answer.
Taking another long breath, I let it out slowly before answering. "You seemed really excited... and I didn't want to disappoint you." The admission was followed by a rush of embarrassment. I had been so proud, holding together on the earlier rides. Yet all it had taken to knock me back down was some wind blowing.
A concerned smile spread across her face, as she gave me a gentle punch on the arm. "You dummy. You don't owe me anything. If you don't like this kind of thing you just had to say so." Looking past me to the stairs leading down. "If you want, we can go back down?"
The embarrassment turned to guilt. I felt awful. She had been so excited to do all this. Then in an effort to go along with it, I was actually screwing it up.
"No," I declared, "I can do this." Hands on my hips, I took a deep breath and pointed myself up the stairs and started walking before she could try and stop me. Roxy followed behind me giving me little words of encouragement. I was determined to make it to the top.
When we did reach the top, my victory was quickly overshadowed by regret at seeing the height I would now have to descend to reach the safety of the ground. The only thing keeping me from curling up in a little ball was the sense of guilt if Roxy had to help me all the way back down, missing her own opportunity. Reaffirming my resolve, I continued forward, determined that not to fail.
Brian and Emily were leaning up against the railing behind the lifeguard on duty. They waved as we came up the stairs.
Emily spoke up first. "You ok, Sam? Did that burger get to you?" She looked between the two of us for details on what had happened.
I forced a reassuring smile to her and Brian. "I'm good. Thanks for asking. Just got kind of dizzy back there and needed a quick rest. Guess I need to work on my cardio!"
Out of the corner of my eye, I sawRoxy's eyebrow rise at my weak explanation. She didn't say anything to deny my claim though. The lifeguard waved us over, pointing to the slides, saving me from having to explain anything further.
The ride had three different slides in total. Each with a different pitch. We stood in front of the shallowest one. Brian went first, easily seating himself in the water with no signs of fear. When the lifeguard gave the signal, he disappeared over the edge with a loud whoop. Emily was next up. With a squeal as she dropped out of sight, leaving just Roxy and me. I thought about having Roxy go first, but the idea that I would be left alone at the top did little to comfort me. I was saved from making the decision when Roxy held her hand out, indicating that I should go first. Giving my hands a shake and my neck a roll, I sat down in the running water. Adrenaline kicked in, causing my heart to begin racing. I was glad that the first section of the slide had a cover, limiting my vision to a couple feet in front of me.
"Keep your legs crossed and arms over your chest!" The lifeguard instructed for what had to have been the ten thousandth time that day I was sure.
I nodded my consent.
"Alright, whenever you're ready man!" He gave me a thumbs up.
Closing my eyes and taking a deep breath, I let go of the handlebar, letting the flow of water push me towards the waiting precipice. The pitch changed allowing gravity to take effect. My heart flew into my throat as a scream sprung forth, unbidden. Partially out of fear, but I was surprised to find, mostly out of excitement. The canopy covering the first section of the slide disappeared allowing me to see out. If it wasn't for the water spraying up from my feet, obscuring my vision, I was almost sure I would have panicked.
Just as quickly as it began, I found myself at the end. A massive spray erupting as I hit the deeper water at the bottom, arresting my momentum. Coming to a stop, I quickly hopped out of the way for Roxy to follow behind.
Brian and Emily stood off to the side, cheering and clapping as I jogged over to meet them. I laughed like an idiot, flipping hair out of my eyes and adjusted my suit which had ridden up further than I would have liked. My heart was beating quickly from the adrenaline rush. To my surprise, I felt slightly sad that it was over so quickly. All that work and worry to be done with so quickly.
Emily pointed, excitedly with a still dripping finger, back up the slide. A loud scream could be heard quickly closing in on us. A Roxy-shaped projectile came rocketing down.
As she neared the end, she made the decision to raise her hands in the air, triumphantly. My eyes grew wide as I realized what that decision was going to lead to.
The wave of water that rushed up over the top of her did its job of slowing her down, but with an added action. Her top, no longer being secured by crossed arms, shot up around her neck, exposing her chest for anyone watching.
Emily ran forward, almost doubled over from laughing. Using her own skinny frame, she attempted to block the world from seeing Roxy's exposed boobs. Roxy jumped out of the slide, laughing, her hands fumbling to get her top back into position.
Turning, I looked to Brian, who's face had gone bright red. He turned away, bursting out into laughter.
The girls made their way over to us. "You dumbass!" Emily shrieked between laughing fits. "That's why you put your hands over your chest! You of all people should know that!"
Roxy shrugged as she finished adjusting herself. A silly grin was plastered on her face followed by an unrepentant, "I got excited!" She flashed a wink my way. Unsure if the others had seen it or not, it still had the effect of causing the heat to rise in my face. Memories of her pulling her shirt off over her head came back.
We spent another couple hours at the waterpark, mostly hanging out in the lazy river. It wasn't as exciting as the slides or the roller coasters, but it was definitely needed. I had dealt with enough heights for the day. While I suspected Roxy had chosen it for my benefit, everyone was glad to be able to slow down for a bit.
Having had our fill of the waterpark, we returned to our lockers changed and headed back to the main section of the park. Roxy stopped and got herself a second funnel cake as we wandered around.
"How do you look so good and eat like that?" Emily snarled as Roxy tried to wipe fallen powdered sugar from the front of her dress. "Its bullshit!"
Roxy laughed, a smug look on her face as she crammed another bite of the confection into her mouth. "I work out, so sometimes I get to treat myself." She held out a chunk. "You know you want some."
Emily held her hand up, to refuse the deep-fried, sugary bite. "No, I'm good."
"Oh come on! It's not everyday you get this." Roxy moved closer as Emily backed away.
"Be gone from me, Temptress!" Emily wailed as Roxy began to chase her around with the treat. The two made a few laps around Brian and I before stopping. Emily finally caved in, taking the offered bite. "Now you have to take me with you to the gym this week."
"You got it." A devilish smile spreading across Roxy's face. "You'll regret those words."
Emily just groaned but continued to tear off bites from the funnel cake. Her face a mix of regret and enjoyment.
The girls kept the funnel cake to themselves as we continued on through the park. Brian and I talked about who we would cast in a live action movie adaption of one of our favorite animated television shows. Our conversation was interrupted by Roxy, smacking my shoulder with the back of her hand to get my attention. Her mouth was full so she pointed with one powdered sugar covered finger, towards several stalls. Each advertising games and prizes to be won. "You want to go play games don't you?" I asked, already knowing the answer. She nodded her head vigorously.
Brian's head fell back with a groan. "You know those things are rigged right?"
"And the prizes are always terrible." Emily added.
Roxy, finally finished with the oversized bite she had taken "You both just suck at them so you make excuses." She turned to me. "You wanna play with me, don't you Sam?" I knew she was teasing me with her choice of words. It was meant to stir something inside me. Damn if it didn't work.
It was hard to say whether it was entirely the way she said it, but I found my reluctance to play the overpriced games dwindling. "Fine, you powdered sugar fiend, I'll play with you. Whoever gets the biggest prize wins."
Roxy was the kind of person who couldn't never back down from any kind of a challenge. She held out a powdered sugar-covered hand to shake, her eyes gleaming in anticipation. "You're gonna regret that, you know."
Carefully, I pulled a napkin out from under her plate. using it as a buffer for the handshake. "Whatever, sticky fingers. Hurry up and finish so I can beat your ass."
She stuck her tongue out, but obliged, quickly finishing her funnel cake before tossing the paper plate in the trash.
Our search for finding the perfect game began by first figuring out where the best prizes were. Most were cheap, inflatable toys, barely worth the entry fee to begin with. After a bit of wandering around we finally found one that had some giant stuffed animals being advertised.
A young guy, maybe early 20's, appeared to be working the booth. He looked bored as hell. We walked up and paid the entry fee of five dollars each.
The guy took the money and began a very reluctant explanation of the rules. "Alright, you get five balls to throw. You need to knock at least one set of bottles down to win a prize."
Roxy narrowed her eyes. "Which prize?"
The kid sighed. Roxy probably wasn't the first suspicious patron to come across his booth. "You get your choice of those ones." he pointed to a row of stuffed animals that were much smaller than the ones being prominently displayed at the front.
Folding her arms across her chest. "Alright then, how do I win the big ones?"
"Gotta knock a full stack down three separate time to get one of those." He motioned towards the larger toys.
Satisfied that the objective was clear, she nodded and he handed us each our five balls.
"Ladies first." I waved my hand for her to proceed.
"I wish my past boyfriends thought that same way..." She wound up and threw the ball before anyone could react. It struck the top half of the pyramid of bottles. A few fell, but not all the way.
I couldn't help but snort. The game attendant had a the finest traces of a smile on his face as he gave a slow clap.
"Not bad, not bad. I've seen some grandmothers throw better, but it was a good try."
Roxy shot him a glare. I had to admit, it was funny seeing someone dish out a bit of sass to the queen of it.
My amusement was shot lived as she let loose another ball. This one hit it's mark, dead center of the bottom row of the remaining bottles, causing the rest to collapse. The attendant gave her a 'not bad' look before he reset the bottles.
"Alright, that's one. You've earned one of the smaller prizes, but let's see if the pressure gets to you now."
As soon as he had moved a safe distance, she wound up and threw. It sailed over the edge of the pyramid, missing entirely.
I decided to join in with a little playful ribbing of my own. "Most people usually open their eyes when they throw a ball."
She sneered at me, "You better settle down or it's gonna be that much worse when I win!"
"Let's see it then, killer." I responded cockily, hoping I wouldn't live to regret it.
Taking a moment to concentrate she closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Her arm cocked back and let fly. It flew true and knocked the bottom row out, the rest fell around it.
Both the attendant and I clapped, murmuring words of congratulations.
Roxy picked up the last ball, tossing it back and forth to herself. "Can he take his turn before I throw my last ball?"
The young attendant shrugged as he replaced the bottles. "Sure, I don't really care."
"Step on up there, big guy. Let's see if you choke..." she teased.
I rolled my shoulders and cracked my neck, making a show of it. "Prepare to weep in defeat." I hadn't been a big sports guy growing up. Other than throwing a baseball around occasionally with friends, I had no experience. I tried to recall how I had been shown. Taking the ball in my hands, I stared at the newly erected bottles.
Roxy's voice pipped up. "There's a lot of tension in those shoulders. You're gonna wanna loosen up there, chief."
I didn't bother to turn. I knew she was just trying to distract me. "Shush."
Pulling my arm back, I tried to remember everything my PE teachers had ever taught me, which wasn't much. The ball flew out out of my hands and slammed the middle of the pile. Bottles came tumbling down, knocking each other over, leaving none standing. I turned to Roxy, letting out a low whistle.
"Ouch, that was hot!" I turned to the attendant. "You see that?"
The attendant was leaning his elbow on the stall. "Looked like a whole lotta luck to me, bud."
"Not bad." Roxy admitted. "Betcha can't do that twice in a row."
With the bottles reset, I reeled back and threw. The ball went wide and low, taking down the majority of the pyramid, but leaving two standing on the bottom row.
"Oh...so close!" Roxy taunted.
I quickly threw my third ball, finishing off the rest.
"You each have two. Only one more each and you win the grand prize."
Roxy stared at me, "You heard the man. Let's see it."
I held the ball up close to my forehead, saying a silent prayer to whichever god was listening, before I let fly, nailing the shelf that the bottles were sitting on. My breath caught as they teetered.
"Fuck..." I groaned as the shaking quickly subsided with none having fallen down.
Roxy put her hand on my shoulder. "Lets say we up the stakes a bit since we're down to one ball each?"
I glared at her suspiciously. "That depends, what are we talking about here?"
"If you win," She ran her finger along the neckline of her dress as it plunged down into her cleavage. "I'll let you take a peek at these."
My eyes went wide as our shared night came rushing back. A hot sensation began to gather in my groin. There wasn't much I could do about that though. Shooting a glance at the attendant, I saw that his mouth was open and eyebrows about to fly off. He tore his eyes away from Roxy to look at me. I was glad that we had changed into our normal clothes earlier. My shorts did a much better job of hiding my semi-erect self than my swimsuit did.
"You gotta take that bet, man!"
Normally I would agree with him, but was suspicious of what she had planned for if I lost. "Alright then, what about if you win?"
Her finger moved to her chin. She looked around for a minute before pointing behind me. "If I win, you have to ride that with me."
Nervously, I turned, expecting it to be the tower drop which I had been carefully avoiding since we arrived. Instead, I was relieved to find her pointing to the ferris wheel.
It had been years since I had ridden a ferris wheel. I hadn't been thrilled about it at that time. But It moved slow enough that I could keep my stomach from flipping as long as I didn't look straight down.
"Bro, you cannot pass that up." The attendant repeated, suddenly much more interested in his job than before.
I looked from him to Roxy. "That's it? Just ride the ferris wheel with you?"
She nodded, smiling.
While I still wasn't over the moon about the height of the ride, it seemed like a fair wager. I held out my hand.and we shook. "Deal."
The attendant was rubbing his hands together in anticipation, as if he was the one who would benefit from our wager.
"Alright, who wants to go first, then?" I pointed from me to her. "You want me to go? It'll give you time to get your bra unhooked."
"Lotta talk coming from someone who doesn't like heights." She shot back.
"Low blow!"
Smirking with satisfaction, she picked up her ball, testing its weight. She looked from me, to the attendant, then threw. I groaned as it struck. The bottles began to fall, leaving a single one standing.
"Oh, that's too bad..." I prodded playfully.
The attendant walked over to reset. While he was busy I turned to Roxy. "Tell you what. Since you only missed the one. The only way I can win is by taking them all down. That sound good to you? Wouldn't want you to feel like I was taking advantage of you."
She gave me a fiery look. "Throw the damn ball, hotshot. Let's see what you got."
"You got this man!" The now fully invested attendant cheered as he stepped away from the bottles.
taking a deep breath, I looked carefully at the bottles before throwing. The ball was high this time. It took the top row down and wiggled the second row. They teetered and began to give way.
Mine and the attendants' cheers quickly turned into groans as two of the bottles remained upright.
"You gotta be fucking me!" The attendant said. His newfound interest in his job dropped back to zero. "Dude! You blew it!"
My head fell backward as I heard Roxy give a little laugh of triumph. She began to do a little victory dance that ended with her pushing her boobs up slightly. "Guess these will be staying put for now." She turned back to the attendant. "I still get one of the small prizes though, right?
He nodded sullenly. "Yeah, you both still get a prize. Which one do you want?" He pointed to the prize pile. There were some smaller stuffed animals as well as a few plastic toys.
"I'll take that little stuffed hamster thing. It'll be a good reminder for Sam of when he lost today." She winked at me.
I pointed to a stuffed duck. As the attendant retrieved it for me he was chuckling to himself. "Can't believe you choked man!" He was shaking his head as he handed me my consolation prize.
Shrugging sheepishly, I tried to play it off. While I didn't care about losing, I wasn't super excited to experience any more heights for the day.
Roxy handed me the stuffed animal. "Here, you can hold it while you cry yourself to sleep tonight."
"Laugh it up. I'll win next time!" I pointed towards the ferris wheel. "You wanna do that now or later?"
She thought about if for a few seconds. "I think now would be good. Better get it over with before you flake on our deal."
Rolling my eyes I let out a resigned sigh. Overall, I was relieved she hadn't chosen something worse for our bet.
We made our way through the crowd towards the large ferris wheel. Closing in could see that each carriage was enclosed, like a small gondola cart that could comfortably seat four people facing each other. The line wasn't long which meant we weren't obligated to share a carriage with anyone else. Climbing in, Roxy sat across from me and we began the slow, rotating climb.
first few minutes of the ride, we sat in silence, looking out over the park as we rose above it. The sun had dropped below the horizon, filling the sky with orange and purple light. The sunset, mixed with the lights of the rest of the park, looked amazing. I noticed the fading light also made it difficult to see how high up we were, which was a definite plus for me.
"Why this ride?" I finally asked, breaking the silence that hung in the air. "I figured you'd be all about that one." I gestured towards the tower drop.
She looked over, then back at me. "You wouldn't have agree to that. Even if it was for the chance to see my tits." She grabbed ahold of her chest, giving them a gentle squeeze for emphasis. "This seemed like a safer bet as well as a chill way to end the day."
"Well thank you. You were right, I wouldn't have agreed to that one."
It was quiet for a bit, then Roxy spoke up, a nervous edge to her voice. "To be honest, there was another reason I wanted to make you get on this ride."
I was looking out the window, but stopped to turn to her. Her face had gone slightly red.
"Thats suspicious..."
"Yeah, look - that night on the couch..."
I felt the heat rising in my neck. "Uh yeah. Maybe that was a bad idea?" I offered.
Her eyes went wide when she realized what I was implying. "No no no. I don't think it was a bad thing at all." She looked worried. "Unless you thought it was?"
Thinking about it, I had no regrets about what we had done. I had only worried that she had since we hadn't spoken about it at all.
"Honestly that night was amazing. I thought that maybe you were the one regretting it." I explained.
She sat back relief flooding over her face. "I don't regret it at al! I'd never done anything like that, not with a roommate, and never with a coworker!" She began fiddling with the fabric of her dress. "Since then I've been thinking, mostly about what else I never had thought of doing." She balled up the material in her fists. "That night you seemed cool with everything. You didn't make it feel weird afterward. It felt... comfortable." Her face had fallen slightly taking on a bit of apprehension. There was something she wanted to say but wasn't. I leaned in. This new side of her was intriguing. Being nervous was not something Roxy did. She always seemed supremely confident in every part of her life.
"We didn't talk about it afterwards, so I was just nervous that maybe a line had been crossed." I explained, my heart beating faster at the confession.
"No, no. Definitely not." Her eyes looked away. "I wanted it just as much as you, maybe more if I'm being honest. I guess neither of us really knew what to do afterwards?" She admitted sheepishly.
A wave of relief spread through me. Knowing I wasn't the only one of us who was unsure how to proceed, or what that meant for our relationship since we were still coworkers and roommates. Looking up, I saw that her face was flushed, her breathing heavy.
"You ok?" I asked, concerned that maybe she wasn't feeling well.
"The truth is," she paused before looking into my eyes, "I haven't been able to stop thinking about you watching me since that night."
Hearing her admission, my heart leapt up into my throat. To hear that I wasn't the only one who couldn't get it out of my mind melted any apprehension still lingering.
She nodded, "I keep thinking about that night. About you watching me play with myself." Her fingers traced along the neckline of her dress, as her other hand clutched the edge of the seat. "Sam, I want you to watch me again."
My face grew intensely hot. I could feel myself growing hard at the thought of spending another night with Roxy. "Are you sure?" I stopped, backing away from letting my insecurities take over, giving myself a mental slap. "What I mean is, I would love to do that." I wrung my hands, excited as I'd ever been about anything, but not wanting to seem overly eager. "I've got some more weed at home. We can smoke and play around again..."
She cut me off. "No," My eyes bulged as I watched her slowly pull her dress up, revealing that she wasn't wearing anything underneath. "I mean right now."
If my eyes could have gone any wider, they would have fallen out of my head. I looked around frantically trying to see who else could see into the carriage, amazed at Roxy's brazen actions. Seeing no one who could spy on us, my attention returned to her, eager to see her body again. She was so beautiful. My head filled with burning thoughts as the world around me faded away. "You're not worried about someone seeing us?"
Spreading her legs, she lifted one up, stretching, to plant it against the seat I was on. Her hand slid up the inside of her thighs caressing the exposed skin between her thighs. "I don't care, Sam. I've been horny all day thinking about this." Her voice took on a demanding edge. "I want to get off right here, right now. With you watching me. If someone sees, so what." Her free hand moved up to her chest. Taking the neckline of her dress in her fingers, she pulled it aside, revealing more of her already ample cleavage.
The last time we were together like this had been in our apartment with no risk of being seen by anyone else. It had been safe and secure. Out here, in public was a whole other story.
Her eyes fluttered but remained locked on mine, as she ran her fingers across her pussy lips. A soft moan issuing out at her touch.
My heart quickened. I could smell her in the enclosed area. It was distinctly her smell, alluring and intoxicating, pulling me towards her. Bidding me to take hold of her body. I wanted to bury my face between her thighs, tasting her body. Looking back up, my eyes locked with hers. They burned with a primal lust. She was getting what she wanted and she loved it. The fear of being caught. The all around absurdity of it all. She smiled, "Don't you want to play too?"
I had to swallow hard. "I want to do so many things."
She bit her lower lip gently as my words took hold of her. "What kind of things?"
As if someone else had taken control of my body, I dropped to my knees in front of her. Nothing else mattered except my need to taste her. Kneeling before her, I grabbed onto the outside her muscular thighs and buried my face in between her legs. I felt my hot breath rebound off her skin. I heard her gasp.
"Sam.... " Before she could say anything else, I flicked my tongue out and licked up the entirety of her. She was hot, wet, and tasted delicious. I could feel my cock pulsing, bound by my pants, demanding to be set free.
Using the tip of my tongue, I ran circular motions around her clit, interspersing it with long slow licks that ran from the bottom all the way up to her well-trimmed bush. Her wetness had a tart taste, just making me want it all the more.
Groans of pleasure came from her as I flattened my tongue, and ran it up her swollen lips. Her sticky wetness coating my chin. I felt fingers grab ahold of my hair before she pulled my face back to look up at her.
"I wanted you to watch." She wasn't upset. She looked like she wanted more but had other ideas. "Now be a good boy and sit back down." She pointed back to my seat.
While I had been between her legs, she had taken advantage of having her hands free to pull the straps of her dress lower on her shoulders so that she could lift her tits out. The tan lines were even more prominent after having spent several hours in the sun.
I moved forward to take one of her nipples in my mouth but was stopped by her hand.
She wagged her finger playfully while biting her lip. "Behave yourself."
Groaning in protest I relented, falling back to my seat.
She smiled, "There you go, just sit back and enjoy." She made a quick glance around before readjusting to give herself better access, making sure I could see everything.
"I've been staring at you all day." I admitted, watching while she teased herself gently.
A coy smile crept across her face. "I saw. It was cute watching you trying to hide your boner after putting sunscreen on me."
I felt my face go bright red. "Was it that obvious?" I asked feeling slightly embarrassed.
Looking down, I could see the outline of my erection. There was no hiding what was going on now. I began tracing the outline of my shaft strained against the fabric. It felt strangely freeing to be out in public doing something like this, and to have Roxy be the instigator! I was both terrified and thrilled.
A gasp escaped as she gave herself a playful pinch of her nipple, giving it a firm tug using her thumb and index finger. "You've been watching me all day wishing you could see me like this again, haven't you?"
"I have." I admitted. "You looked amazing in your bikini."
She smiled at the compliment. "You liked seeing my big tits and tight ass bouncing around?"
I nodded, my hand stroking along the length of my shaft my shaft.
In response she bounced her tits in her hands. "Do you think about these when you touch yourself at night?"
Before we had messed around on the couch, I hadn't really thought of her in an overtly sexual way. After that night, things had changed. Each time the memories would come up, I would grip my cock and recall her on the couch. "I have."
Her eyes dropped down to my bound cock, as she let out a low moan,. "Show me." The command was soft, but left no room for argument.
I fumbled with my pants and zipper, releasing my waiting cock. Taking hold of myself brought sweet relief. Seeing her had sent my member into and aching frenzy. It throbbed in my hands as I pulled it out for her to see.
"God, I've wanted to see it again ever since that night." She moaned, biting her lip, Her words sweeping me away.
Lingering self esteem issues had plagued me since I was young. Her words healed more than the could possibly know.
Looking up to her eyes. "Do you think about me that night when you play with yourself?"
She nodded, her gaze flicking back and forth from my cock to my eyes. One of her hands returned to play with her pussy while the other drifted around, caressing various parts of herself. She groaned in blissful agony as she squeezed the inside of her thighs.
The sight of her gorgeous form pushed all other thoughts away. Hera and now, there was only us. I sat staring at her curves, slowly stroking myself as I felt her gaze travel over me.
the carriage after us came into view. The need to continue overpowered any worry of being caught.
Roxy, noticing my gaze had shifted seemed to become even more aroused. She planted her other leg on my seat to the side of me. Like she was straddling me without actually touching me. Using her newfound leverage, she pushed her hips up and out, rubbing her clit quickly. Her chest heaved up and down with each breath she took.
God I wanted to taste her again.
She slid her fingers between her lips, pushing them apart before curling them inside herself. Pulling them out a moment later, glistening. Her other hand left her breast to grab at her exposed thigh.
"Sam..." she breathed out
My cock was hot and pulsing in my hand. "Yeah?" The way she said it drove me nuts. It was full of passion and lust. I wanted her to say it over and over just like that.
"I want you."
My eyes took in all of her soft squirming body as she spoke. "I want you too." I moaned, "You have no idea how amazing you look right now."
Her already flushed face, took on a deeper red. "You're just saying nice things because I'm showing you my pussy." She teased playfully.
Shaking my head, I looked deep into her eyes. "I mean it. You always look amazing. Ever since that night I can't stop thinking about you."
She bit her lip softly, a hungry look in her eyes. Leaning forward, she reached out towards me. Her hand stopping a hair's breadth away from my throbbing cock. "Is it ok if I touch you?" Burning desire radiating from her.
I let her linger until I could feel her frustration reach its peak. "Go ahead." I relented.
No sooner had the words left my mouth before she grasped my cock and began to stroke. "I've been wanting to do this for so long." Her fingers, wrapped around my hard shaft squeezing gently as she moved up and down its length. The feeling sent shivers of pleasure through my body. She stopped stroking, motioning to come sit beside her.
Crossing over, I sat down next to her. She pressed up against me. Taking my hand in hers, she guided me to her thigh. Her skin was soft and warm, inviting my touch. I slid my hand up the smooth length of her thigh, stopping close to the end. I could feel heat radiating as my fingers drew close to her. A soft moan came out as my fingertips grazed across her soft lips. Using just my fingertips, I traced up and down, teasing her folds, relishing at the moans of pleasure brought forth.
My cock jumped as she took hold. Her strokes changed as I further explored with my fingers, becoming insistent. She moaned as I circled her clit, softly caressing.
"Don't tease me, Sam." She whispered in my ear. Her warm breath causing the hair on my arms to stand up.
Sliding my fingers down, I parted the folds of her pussy, sliding inside easily. She was slippery wet and inviting.
Her grip on my cock tightened as she let out a gasp. "Fuck... just like that."
Flexing, I stroked my fingers within her. I knew I had found a good spot when I felt her squeeze my fingers. She was helping me to find a rhythm. It only took a moment until we were in sync. She would squeeze my fingers, I would flex, and she she would stroke my cock. Soon her breathing was in step as well.
Her hand glided up my shaft. Squeezing me when she reached the bottom, causing me to moan in ecstasy at her touch. Her other hand reached down to rub her clit from beneath my palm.
"I'm so close Sam..." Her eyes clenched shut as she took a large gasping breath. "Oh god! Sam I'm..." her voice cut off, replaced by a deep, throaty groan. I continued to move my fingers inside her tight pussy, feeling her fingers continuing to rub beneath my palm. She squeezed tightly refusing to release her grip on my cock, as her orgasm rose to its peak. I continued curling my fingers within until I felt her hand come away from her clit. She turned to me, stroking hard and fast.
"Cum for me, Sam."
As soon as she said that. I felt that unmistakable feeling deep in my body. That familiar quake as my orgasm mounted. "Fuck..." Just as I felt myself go over the edge, Roxy leaned over, wrapping her lips around the head of my cock. I felt her tongue circling around the head of my cock, sending shockwaves through my body. There was no time to stop her as I felt myself explode into her waiting mouth. She continued to stroke and suck until I had finished, my body falling slack against the back wall of the carriage.
Lifting her head she used her fingers to wipe the corners of her mouth
"Sorry, that was abrupt. I just didn't want to make a mess." Her eyes looked up into mine with a smile. "I hope you didn't mind?"
I laughed between panting breaths. "You know, I really don't."
She smiled knowingly. "I figured you wouldn't." Satisfied that there wasn't any of my cum around her lips, she sat back. Both of us basking in post orgasm bliss.
I noticed her other hand was still absentmindedly toying with her pussy lips.
Looking out the windows, I saw we were nearing the end of the ride.
"We could go around again if you want?"
Smiling, she pulled her hand away, and adjusted her dress back so no one would be the wiser as to what we had done. "As much fun as that would be. I'm really tired." She admitted. "Sorry."
"No need to be sorry. You did sprint between every ride today."
"I guess we need to find the other two and head home then." There was a hint of sadness in her voice when she spoke.
"Yeah, you're right." I sighed, sad to see this entire moment come to an end.
Double checking to make sure we hadn't left any evidence of our activities, we left the ride to meet back up with Brian and Emily. With the four of us reunited, we collected our things from the lockers and headed to the parking lot, Roxy and I sneaking the occasional conspiratorial smile at each other. It felt like I was floating as we made our way back to the car.
The ride home was quiet, everyone exhausted from the day. Roxy and Emily fell asleep within minutes of us getting on the road. Looking back at their sleeping forms, I couldn't help but smile at how beautiful Roxy looked, using Emily's shoulder as a pillow.
Feeling my own eyes growing heavy, I turned back around. As I began to drift off to sleep, I smiled, knowing that amusement parks would forever have a whole new meaning to me.