Finding Myself - Part 2
A little over a week ago, I had been a shy, 18 year old virgin, never been kissed. I had been on one date, which went badly and gave me the reputation of being frigid. I was body-conscious because of pre-pubescent issues which left a legacy, bordering on body dysphoria. I had only just started wearing clothes which weren't totally baggy and shapeless.
The only person who knew I had even the slightest interest in sex was my BFF, Brenda. She and I wrote sexy stories together, watched porn together and explored the whole world of sex in a theoretical fashion, never really considering that it applied to us.
Then I was forced to stay with my aunt and uncle. They were naturists, and embraced a Bohemian, totally open, swinging lifestyle. I was terrified. I had hoped they would moderate their behaviour while I was there. Instead, they decided it was a chance to 'help' me to come out of myself. I also hoped my sister would be an ally in resisting their approaches. She was not. She embraced the nudity, the easy-going sexual practices and every aspect of 'the lifestyle'.
That Debbie, my older sister, chose to spend most of the time naked, had sex with men and women, alone and in groups, at parties and in swinger clubs, should not have been a surprise. She had a regular turnover of short-term boyfriends and one-night stands, and a reputation for sharing her sexual favours easily. She was the antithesis of me.
I was resigned to hiding in my room for a week, reading moderately erotic novels, when my cousin, Josh came home from University. Like me, he rejected 'the lifestyle', and we bonded instantly.
We began a journey of sexual discovery, fuelled by honest expression of our desires, and an openness which many couples never enjoyed after years together. We explored one another, then had fun with close friends - my first experience with another woman - then played with acquaintances, who became friends.
We had oral sex, anal sex, tried bondage and spanking. We took photographs of one another and made videos. To date, nothing had been off limits. Best of all, we were in love. Our love transcended society's rules, and we treated sex as a shared pleasure to explore together. Our only rule was - whatever we do, let's do it together. We also agreed not to have full sex with anyone else. This was partly because we wanted something 'special' to us, and partly because we wanted to be certain we were practising safe sex.
So it was, that on my first day back home, I found myself in the doctor's surgery, asking him to put me on the pill. We had always used a condom to date, but I desperately wanted to feel his warm juices fill my pussy, and he wanted to feel my warm, slippery pussy directly against him, rather than a rubber sheath.
We had kept our relationship a secret until my aunt and uncle brought me home. Initially, we worried that, as cousins and blood relatives, it might be morally wrong - illegal even - then I learned that Josh was the product of my uncle's previous marriage. We still hid away, as we did not want to become public property to the naturist and swinger communities which my aunt and uncle belonged to. While we were shy virgins, the pressure to participate was minimal - as sexually active (vigorously active) young people, the pressure would have been intolerable.
When Debbie and I were taken home, Josh and I informed everyone that we were together. My mum embraced the idea. She liked Josh and respected his resistance to my aunt and uncle's lifestyle - she also loved seeing her sister rendered speechless. Josh had announced his intent to return to his University flat and stay there alone for two weeks until term started, and mum had invited him to stay with us.
My parents were quite free-thinking (less so than my aunt and uncle, though), and Josh was sleeping in my room. Mum had rationalised that Debbie had had so many casual boyfriends stop in her room, that it would be nice to have two young people having sex under her roof who genuinely cared about each other.
The doctor and I chatted easily. I had known her for many years, and rather than just doing all the standard medical checks, she had chatted with me about my relationship, about my past body issues and expressed her pleasure that I seemed to be so happy.
I was told the pill would not be effective for seven days after I started taking it (note to self - special night next week), but that the morning after pill would be useful if we got 'carried away'.
I walked away with a prescription and a smile.
Back home, Josh was unpacking his belongings (the ones he needed anyway) into our spare room - my wardrobe and drawers already being full of clothes. Mum was helping.
"Jen, why don't you go through some of these clothes and get rid of things you don't want? You've got the money your granddad left you - and I don't mind giving you some - go and get some nice new outfits."
The idea appealed. Although I had a few better items, much of my wardrobe was still ultra-conservative, and one thing I had learned about myself was that my body was good, and that people admiring it was a huge turn on for both Josh and I.
I helped Josh stack the boxes of practical items he would need at Uni, finish organising his clothes and toiletries, and then we caught a bus in to town.
We went to various clothes' shops, and although I thought Josh would be bored, he actually seemed to enjoy the trip. In truth, I'm not difficult to shop with. I see something, check the size, and if I like it (if we like it), I buy it. None of the trying on, long winded decisions which some women require.
I bought tight jeans, skirts which stopped above the knee, close-fitted t-shirts with scooped necklines, buttoned blouses and crop-tops. I also brought a sexy 'little black dress' with a plunging neckline, just touching my knee, with a split each side to my upper thigh. It was very figure-hugging, and would be perfect to make a statement at any events where I needed to be a little smarter.
Then there was the underwear. Previously, I had worn big, cotton knickers and all-covering bras, with tights beneath skirts. I had some sets of lingerie (thanks to Josh), but wanted something a bit sexier for everyday wear.
I bought thongs and Brazilian style knickers, along with lacy, sheer 'bikini' style panties. Then I selected lacy bras, half and quarter cup, some translucent, others transparent. To round things off, I added some 'hold-up' stockings - fishnets, sheer and patterned (to go with my little black dress and show through the slits at the sides).
We dashed off home, so I could 'model' my purchases for Josh, while he practised his photography skills. That was his excuse anyway. I thought the house would probably be empty - dad was at work, in his office at the Social Care department, mum was also working at the Counselling Centre, and Debbie would probably be out with one of her entourage of boyfriends.
Walking into the house, we were instantly disappointed. Loud music from the front room (some kind of rap or R and B - not my taste) informed us that Debbie was at home. We walked into the lounge to find her entwined with one of the local boys, her t-shirt pushed up to expose her bra, and both of them with their jeans undone.
She looked up at us, casually, neither of them attempting to cover up.
"Wanna join us?" She asked.
I knew that Debbie's large wobbly breasts, and full, curvaceous figure appealed to many men, but Josh was less keen. He knew that she made no effort to stay physically fit, or to keep her body firm and toned, and he preferred someone who exercised regularly, as he and I did, with sport, walking and generally being active. Debbie was idle (harsh but fair), and we both knew that at some point, the curves would lose their firmness and become less appealing.
I was confident, therefore, that neither of us wanted to join them, and rather than reply, I just grabbed Josh's hand, and led him to my room.
I suppose most men might have been interested to see what Debbie looked like naked - not Josh. He had seen it all at his parents' house, where she reclined naked every day - he had even seen her having sex with a man and reclining, legs wide apart, on my aunt and uncle's bed after a swinging party - with my aunt and uncle and the aforementioned unknown man. There were absolutely no mysteries about her body.
In my room, we laid out my purchases, and decided what I should wear first. It was no surprise when he went for the black dress, a quarter cup, black bra and black Brazilian knickers - along with patterned hold-ups.
I popped to the bathroom to change (not through any embarrassment, but because I wanted my look to be a surprise), while Josh set up his camera. Looking in the mirror, I loved what I saw. The dress wrapped around me, tying at the waist, crossing over barely an inch above my bra. The bra itself pushed my tits up, giving me a nice cleavage, and I loved the fact that it did not cover my nipples. The length was short enough to be sexy, but long enough to be decent - and the slits at the sides reached just above the stocking tops, clearly showing skin. I turned, and saw with satisfaction that the knickers ensured there was no VPL.
I swayed back to my room, and walked in. The lecherous grin on Josh's face made his opinion absolutely clear, even before he told me how amazing I looked. He picked up his camera, and started to take pictures as I posed. He directed me, making me extend my legs to show even more flesh above my stockings, then reaching up to further focus on legs. He made me bend forward to capture my boobs, and turn to make a feature of my bum.
"Undo the belt," he ordered. Clearly, this was going to be more than just a fashion shoot.
I did as he requested, the wrap-around dress falling apart. I kept it over my nipples at first, just so they would be a surprise for him, but the high-legged panties, with a narrow strip of lace covering my totally shaven slit were very clear.
Slowly, I opened the dress wider, gratified to hear him mutter "wow" as my nipples were revealed, supported by the shelf of black material.
Finally, I turned my back and shed the dress, my bum framed by the lace down my crack, curving into the high waistband across my thighs.
Josh paused. "OK," he stated, "are we going to photograph more of these outfits? Cos right now, if you keep going, I'm gonna have to fuck you."
I giggled. "You can fuck me whenever you like," I teased, "I really think I should take off these things for you - just because they're nice, and I'll feel so sexy taking them off. Then a couple more outfits. Then I'm all yours."
He looked a little disappointed, but I suspect he was enjoying capturing me on camera as well, so did not object.
I continued posing, stripping off the bra and knickers, but keeping the hold-ups. I lay on my bed, one leg on the floor, the other on the bed, bent at the knee, making my pussy very evident. I reached down, spread my labia gently, letting him move in close to capture my clitoris, before I began stroking it.
It was tempting to bring myself to orgasm, but that would hardly be fair, so, having made myself very wet, I stood and grabbed another outfit.
This time, I went for a short skirt, thong and button-up blouse, with fishnets and a half-cup bra. I felt that once I had stripped out of that, I wouldn't be able to tease any longer - I'd either have to masturbate to a climax (maybe with one of the sex toys we had bought), or let Josh satisfy me. In all honesty, I wanted him inside me.
As before, I posed, letting him direct with the new-found knowledge that he had built up from an online course, online research, and our friend Marcus, who was a semi-pro photographer. As he directed, I steadily stripped, and was in bra, thong and stockings when there was a rap at the door and Debbie walked in without waiting.
I was livid, and grabbed my dressing gown to cover up.
"What the hell are you playing at?" I shouted. "You know Josh is here. You don't just walk in."
She sneered. "You walked in on us earlier. Anyway. What are you doing? Letting Josh take dirty photos?"
I simmered. "You were in the living room, not your bedroom. No-one knocks to go into the living room. And Josh is learning to take good quality photos. I'm helping him by modelling."
Debbie didn't believe a word - and it was only half true. Josh enjoyed photography, and certainly wanted to learn more, but photographing me was all about sex, exhibitionism and fun.
My sister smiled thoughtfully. "That's kind of you. Tell you what, I'll help you too, Josh. Always fancied myself as a model. That way, I won't have to tell mum."
We were trapped. I didn't think mum would over-react, but seriously, who would want their mum to know that they were posing naked for photographs. It was something I wanted keeping private.
To make sure we couldn't call her bluff, she went on:
"And I bet some of my friends would love to see your photos. They're great fans of photography. If I pop by your room some time, I could just 'pop in' and find a few to share. Maybe if you were called away just after they'd been taken, or when Josh is editing them. I'm sure they're well protected - but - ways and means."
I was sure that our pics were well protected - Josh downloaded them, edited them and stored them on password-protected memory sticks - but what if...
Josh saw my uncertainty, and came to my rescue.
"That's very kind Debbie. I'd love to photograph you - but only if Jen's with us. She can help with hair and make-up, and I don't want her getting jealous."
I knew that Debbie would see my presence as a way to make me even more jealous, but she didn't count on the fact that I totally trusted Josh - something she never had with her revolving-door boyfriends.
I decided that this time, I would call her bluff.
"Sure, that's cool. Maybe some of your other friends would like to model too - boys or girls. We'll have to charge them, of course - twenty quid a shoot and they get five free pictures. They'll have to sign a model release form, so Josh can put them in his portfolio - like I have - and you'll have to - but it'll help make up for the money Josh has lost by giving up his holiday job."
Debbie went very quiet. She desperately wanted to ask how I could let my boyfriend do this and not get jealous - but I think she also believed that either she, or one of her friends, could seduce him and drive us apart.
"So what happened to your boyfriend?" Asked Josh.
Debbie snorted dismissively. "He shot his load ten seconds into a blowjob. Must be the new tricks I learned at your mum and dad's. I told him to fuck off if that's the best he can manage." She cocked her head, pensively. "Perhaps I'll look for older men. More staying power, don't you think."
I really didn't want to discuss our sex life with my sister, so I replied casually:
"Maybe. I've never had any problems. Maybe get to know someone a bit and pace yourselves."
She was suddenly keen to end the conversation.
"Whatever. OK. Photoshoot tomorrow when mum and dad are at work. How about in the back garden? Bet Jen wouldn't dare strip off outside."
She flounced off, leaving Josh and I giggling. If only she knew about our shoot with Marcus and Celeste - outdoors in a public place, full on lesbian action, and Marcus spraying cum into my mouth.
I removed the robe, and we carried on. This time, I didn't stop and change again. I stroked my wet, slimy pussy, as Josh first snapped photos of my inviting hole, then, as I moved to hands and knees, shot pics of my two holes, side by side.
As I continued to stroke myself, he laid the camera aside and stripped, pushing his eight inch cock deep into my pussy from behind, as I played with my clit, enjoying a first orgasm, before he flipped me over, legs over his shoulders and rammed into me, thrusting vigorously.
We turned again, me on top this time, fingering my breasts, pulling and squeezing my nipples as I raised and lowered myself. Finally, I twisted round into a 'reverse cowgirl' position, showing him my bum, rubbing my clit while his hands spread my bum cheeks, and his thumbs reached deep, touching my anus.
After my second orgasm, I reversed up his body, until my pussy was directly over his mouth. I removed the condom and took his swollen, purple head into my mouth. I felt his arms around my hips, pulling me down, then his tongue flicking over my clit, lapping my dripping juices like a cat under a fallen jug of cream.
I swirled my tongue around the swollen appendage, loving, as I always did, the smoothness as my tongue moistened the silky surface.
His fingers pulled my buttocks wide again, this time, a finger slipped into my back passage, making me pause and draw breath, making even more of his penis enter my mouth and almost causing me to gag.
I relaxed, and drew in as much engorged cock as possible, as my hands started to work, grabbing his balls, feeling the twin ovals in my palm as I gently squeezed.
Josh allowed his legs to fall apart, and I passed my arm beneath his thighs. I knew that if I wanted him to cum, there was one way which would really help. It was fortunate that our activity had made him perspire, and that my saliva was plentiful as my mouth moved up and down his shaft. I used both to lubricate my finger, and slid it between his buttocks, wriggling as it penetrated his anus, moving up to stimulate his prostate.
My head bobbed up and down, my finger rubbed and pressed, and suddenly, his body stiffened and I heard an expulsion of breath as he gasped. I felt his cock swell slightly, and suddenly release, as a string of semen hit my throat.
It ran back, over my tongue and teeth, onto my chin, dripping over his balls and my wrist. I drew my head back a little, hoping to hold and swallow the remainder of his ejaculation. I was fairly successful, feeling the warm, slimy gel slide down my throat, to join what was left from the previous night.
I withdrew my finger and turned around to lie face to face with him. We kissed, and he gently licked the rest of his cum off my upper lip and chin.
"So," I whispered, "what's Debbie going to be doing for us tomorrow?"
"Fuck knows," he replied, "I know she's gonna try to get me horny and want to fuck her some time when you're not around. I'll try to get her to stop sooner rather than later - just do some 'tasteful nudes', but I reckon she'll want to go further."
I knew he was right. Her aim would be to make me jealous, and ultimately to split up Josh and I. She thought we were naïve, starry-eyed lovers, prone to insecurity every time one of us glanced at a member of the opposite sex. She was very wrong. Jealousy would only arise if one of us began a secret sexual liaison which spilled into an emotional link, carving into our feelings. Neither of us believed that would ever happen.
We lay together, chatting, talking about the offer for her friends to model. Neither of us expected this to become a big money-maker - the payment had been added more as a discouragement than anything - but it would be good to offset Josh's loss of earnings from moving here, rather than back to his lonely flat and the job he hated.
That evening, my friend, Brenda came to visit. She had heard a great deal about Josh from me - in fact, she was probably sick of hearing his name. She knew that I was no longer a virgin, but I had been reluctant to tell her about the full range of our sexual exploration - and especially about my bisexuality. I was worried that she might be jealous that I chose not to experiment with her first.
After a while sitting downstairs with my parents, to be sociable, the three of us went to my room for more intimate chat.
I knew Brenda had taken to Josh instantly, and he obviously liked her. While I had overcome my early body issues through a combination of dieting and exercise, Brenda had found it difficult to discipline herself. She bemoaned the extra weight she carried, hated her glasses and curly, ginger hair and freckles - not to mention that she was barely five feet tall.
She had never had a boyfriend, which was so sad, because she was a truly lovely person. Josh warmed to her instantly and conversation flowed freely between the three of us.
We discussed my time at my aunt and uncle's house - their naturism, how Debbie had joined in, while I withdrew, the escalation of nudity to swinging sex, and how Josh and I had repeatedly escaped our relatives to avoid their constant insistence that we join them.
I started telling her how we got together in my room, leaving her to assume that sex between us happened after some groping and a few rather unsatisfying attempts at intercourse before we got used to one another. She looked unconvinced.
Brenda and I had always been very open with one another, and I felt bad about keeping her totally in the dark, so when she went to pee, I asked Josh if I could give her a few more details.
On her return, I was far more open. I told her how we built up to full sex, how we loved taking photos of one another, and how we had played with other couples (omitting my lesbian encounters with the women present on each occasion).We told her that neither of us had full sex with the others on either occasion, and how we planned to continue enjoying such encounters.
She was stunned, looking wide-eyed from me to Josh, with a hand over her mouth. When she composed, she focused on me, smiling.
"You dirty cow," she teased, "photos? Can I see? I'm so jealous of you guys."
I was relieved. She could easily have been negative, and her positive response encouraged me to involve her further. I opened my laptop and inserted the memory stick.
I clicked on some photos of me in lingerie.
She gazed enviously. "You look incredible," she breathed, "You could be a model. Can I see more?"
With a quick glance at Josh to make sure he was OK with it, I proceeded to some where I was topless and showing my bum.
"Wow. I know you worked hard on your figure, since you were a chubby little kid, but you're so toned. Your arse looks amazing. Am I allowed to say that your boobs are spectacular."
I laughed freely. "Course you are. Thank you."
"Oh!" She exclaimed. "What are these?"
The display was one of those where one photo fills the screen, but the next ones appear as thumbnails along the bottom of the screen. In this case, the thumbnails moved to some of me naked and a couple of Josh.
I considered my reply.
"Er... well... obviously, me without my knickers - and I wanted some of Josh too. Only fair."
"Can I see?" She glanced at Josh - it was his body after all.
Josh glanced at me. Neither of us minded showing our bodies to people we wanted to see them, and the only question was whether Josh was happy to let her look.
"I'm OK with it - so long as you know that you'll get to see all of me."
"And you've seen me before," I said, "so no problem."
She continued moving through the photos - me slipping off my knickers, showing my bum, then posing fully nude - and I realised with horror that although Brenda had seen me naked (in changing rooms, putting pjs on when we had sleepovers) she hadn't seen me open my pussy lips, finger myself, rub my clitoris and orgasm.
I stayed silent as she looked, my stomach knotting more and more - especially when she came to the close-ups, showing my clit in glorious detail.
I was relieved when she got to Josh, peeling off his clothes to reveal his penis, the day after we had shaved his pubes. His soft, nestling penis became semi-hard, then fully erect as he stroked it. Then, thankfully, that folder finished. I had photos of him shooting his gorgeous, creamy semen, but now did not seem the right time to share these - especially as the semen was being gobbled up by Celeste - a lovely Afro-Caribbean woman we met with her boyfriend, Marcus, when we went to do some outdoor photography.
I grabbed the laptop and closed it quickly. She had had enough excitement for now. So had I. I was turned on by my friend seeing me and Josh. We had both discovered a quite exhibitionist streak in ourselves, and sharing our photos was triggering a response. I was definitely getting wet.
"You're so lucky," breathed Brenda, "I'd love to have someone want pics of me like that - and then pose for me too."
She shook her head slowly, and I stared at Josh, begging him to make the obvious reply. He smiled. He knew exactly what I was tacitly suggesting.
"Well," he began, "I'd be delighted to take some photos of you - private, of course - just you, Jen and I would know. Unless you tell someone else, which is up to you."
"And, of course," I followed on, "Josh would be happy to pose for you after. Maybe do some of us all together."
Josh might have been surprised, but he didn't show it. He just nodded and confirmed that he would fine with it.
Brenda looked from one of us to the other. "Seriously?" she asked. "You'd do that? With short, chubby, nerdy, freckly me?"
We both nodded.
"Shit." She went pale. "It'd be amazing - but it's the first time I'll have stripped for a man who isn't a doctor. I'll be so nervous."
"You don't have to," I interrupted, aware that this would be a huge step for her, "but the offer's there."
"I really want to," she said, eyes gleaming as she looked from one of us to the other, "I know I'd be safe with you, and I know there'd be no sex involved. Perhaps it'd get me past some of my body issues - or inspire me to do something about them. How soon can we do it? Now? Tomorrow?"
I laughed. "Not now - mum and dad are downstairs, and tomorrow Josh is photographing Debbie. How about the day after, Wednesday, when mum and dad are at work?"
"Definitely. I just hope I don't lose my nerve. Did you say Debbie's modelling tomorrow? How the fuck did that happen? She's always such a cow to you."
We explained how she had very much forced the issue, and we were only doing it under duress, and how Debbie's main agenda was to split us up, and she saw the funny side - how Debbie saw us as prudish people playing with sex, while she would work her worldly wiles on us.
It's odd how a discussion of such an alluring subject as sex can be left behind so easily, but so easy was the flow of conversation, that we moved on after this, discussing music, local gossip, sport and so on. Nothing was mentioned of our proposed photoshoot until Brenda was about to leave. We agreed a time, and had a discussion about what she would wear. I assured her that her normal clothes would be fine - however, she was not happy.
"If I'm doing this, I'll do it properly," she announced, "Jen. How about taking me shopping in the morning - before the shoot with Debbie. You can come too, Josh, but you'll probably be bored."
I agreed, arranging to meet her at nine o'clock in town. Josh wanted to come along too - not for clothes shopping, but for a general wander. As he put it: "I'm not stopping on my own with Debbie. She'll probably pin me down and force me to fuck her - even though I probably wouldn't rise to the occasion."
The following day Brenda and I went to a couple of supermarkets (where we usually didn't shop) and into a sex shop from the same chain as Josh and I had visited previously. It took some persuasion to drag Brenda through the door, and I suppose that, as the city was right on our doorstep, rather than over ten miles away, as it had been for Josh and I, her fears of someone seeing her might have been justified.
However, while the supermarkets sold some sexy bra and knickers sets, I felt Brenda needed something more focused on her own particular body.
We wandered along the racks, and I selected a couple of corsets for her, and some sheer, loose fitting camis - and a couple for myself. As she became more relaxed, I decided to wander among the sex toys, looking at a few vibs and dildos, before wandering into the S and M area. I considered some leather and PVC clothing, but ultimately decided against it - I'd talk with Josh about it first.
Brenda was amazed. She had worked out that Josh and I were enjoying a very experimental sex life, but the fact that we were using toys (especially anal ones and restraints - not to mention the paddle) left her utterly stunned - and, she admitted, quite horny. She was, she said, quite tempted herself.
Eventually, I talked her in to buying a wand. She considered a vibrator, but was worried that her hymen might still be intact, and it might be messy. I was surprised. Personally, I had made sure that I wouldn't have such a problem, using household items and vegetables. I suggested she do the same - then come back for a vibrator.
After a couple of hours, we met up with Josh and made our way home.
Brenda went home to try out her new clothing and toy - and probably to experiment with cucumbers.
When we got back, Debbie was in her room, so we went to my room to set up for the shoot. My room was quite large, so we had space to work in, and were able to set up Josh's single light - he planned to buy more. I tidied up and made sure my lingerie and anything else which might tempt Debbie to involve me was safely hidden away.
Once we were ready, I tapped on her bedroom door and told her to come through. She picked up some lingerie, and brought them into my room, laying them on a chair. She was heavily made up and had styled her hair.
"Right," she began confidently, "how about starting with the see-through body stocking and just little bra and panties underneath. Then the corset with different undies and stockings, then I'll strip off and do the nude stuff. I thought a bit of standard page three, then go for the more adult mags - playing with myself, and a couple of toys."
I had to smile. I think my sister was trying to prove how much more adventurous she was - in truth, our photo collection made her ideas seem very vanilla. She was also trying to seduce Josh, of course.
Josh didn't bat an eyelid. "Fine," he said, "if that's what you want. Can you just sign the release? It's a standard form so we're both covered."
Josh had downloaded the form from the internet the night before. We knew Debbie would be sharing the photos, and wanted to be certain that if she tried to blame Josh at any point, he was fully covered. It also meant Josh could share them if he wanted to - and he was considering setting up an online portfolio to help him turn his hobby into a money-maker.
Debbie started to pull her t-shirt over her head.
"Hang on," Josh said, calmly, "You need to change in the bathroom. It'd be unprofessional for me not to ask you to change in private."
Debbie stared at him, scornfully. "Seriously? I'm gonna get naked and show you everything - literally, everything, and you want me to change in the bathroom?"
Josh nodded. "That's how photographers work. It also means I've got space to change things if I need to and tidy up a bit."
Debbie shrugged and pulled her t-shirt down before gathering her outfits and stalking off.
"Nice," I smiled at Josh, "Keep it professional - just don't go getting hard - or you'll have me to deal with."
He winked at me. "Promises, promises."
We embraced and kissed, just as Debbie sashayed back in.
She wore a patterned body- stocking, over a tiny thong and a half-cup bra. Her breasts bounced and wobbled as she walked, making their appeal to many people very evident.
In truth, her figure was quite good. Different to mine - I was more toned and athletic - firmer, with boobs that wobbled very little, and a bum that was muscular and solid. My stomach was flat. Debbie, in contrast, had larger boobs, which bounced and rippled - especially in the low-cut tops she always wore. Her bum was round and soft, with little dimples and cellulite. Her stomach protruded just a little over whatever she wore - and under her favourite crop tops.
There was nothing wrong with her figure - it was just curvy. Many men were very drawn to her - especially her generous boobs. She looked like the models from Renaissance paintings. We once saw some nude paintings by Titian in an Art Gallery - they looked almost identical.
Josh glanced up and stated, with a professional air: "Lovely. OK. Let's get started. We'll do a few standing, then some sitting and kneeling, followed by some lying on the bed. I like to work in a free-flowing way, so keep moving from pose to pose, improvise, and I'll just keep shooting. If you want ideas, ask Jen. She's a very good model."
Debbie's face was sour, but she stepped up, and as Josh lifted the camera, her face lifted in a sparkling smile.
She posed quite well, and I guessed she had either done this before (for one of her many lovers), or had spent a while researching poses online.
She moved through the various levels for the poses, and then began slipping off the body stocking. Again, she did well, her face slipping from sexy seductress to fun loving temptress to free spirited teaser as she slipped the stretchy fabric off one shoulder, then the other, before rolling it down to her waist.
She made a great deal of her breasts, stroking them, holding them, pushing them together, creating a vast cleavage. The half-cup bra seemed very risky - as if her boobs would pop out if she moved too vigorously if she jumped or reached too high.
Josh clicked away, moving around her, looking for all the world like a seasoned pro. He gave occasional suggestions - the main one being to stretch more and emphasise the lines and shapes of her body. In fact, he seemed to be saying this every few seconds. I suspect this was because she found the stretching tricky, as she rarely exercised, but it almost seemed like criticism.
Debbie turned, presenting her back to the camera and turning to look over her shoulder. She steadily pushed the black, patterned nylon down her legs, bending at the waist. Her bum began puckered and rounded, and as her hands reached her ankles, became tighter and flat.
Bending at the waist, she stopped, displaying her arse for as long as possible, as she looked back and ran her hands up her legs. The string of her thong ran between her cheeks, disappearing for part of the way, between the triangle which covered her slit and the other string which went round her waist.
Once the body stocking was off, my sister posed for a while in her underwear, repeatedly touching and pushing her tits, and often dropping a hand between her legs, sometimes inside the black triangle between her legs, others rubbing outside. Eventually, she pushed the fabric between her vulva, at first creating a 'camel-toe', then making her fleshy lips appear on either side.
"I think that'll do," said Josh, "go and pop on the other outfit. I'll have a quick check of these, then we'll carry on."
He barely made any eye contact with her. As he spoke, he checked settings on the camera, or looked at the photos, which Debbie seemed to find irritating. As he finished speaking, she waited until he looked up. When he did, he just said: "OK? Any problems?"
She almost glared at him, before grabbing her body stocking and flouncing off - her walk causing one nipple to pop clear of its restraint. She turned, the exposed dark pink skin, with the darker, pointed nub at its centre facing Josh.
"Oh god," she moaned dramatically, "look. That's always the problem with these bras. Tits keep falling out. It happened once at a party when I was wearing a thin blouse. I think everyone got a good look that time."
Josh looked up at the escaped nipple. "Oh dear," he muttered, "must have been awful." Then he focused on his camera again.
Debbie was accustomed to men drooling over her breasts (literally on quite a few occasions), so Josh's apparent disinterest was a huge disappointment - worse still as she was trying desperately to make me jealous.
This time she left, closing the door a little more forcefully than necessary as she went.
This time, she returned in a red corset with black lace. Straps were attached for the stockings, and she wore matching red silk knickers - a more full cut this time, the top half of her buttocks covered. She carried a make-up bag, presumably in case she needed touching up.
Once again, she posed well, standing, kneeling, lying down, before undoing the hooks, one at a time.
Gradually, the corset fell further apart, finally hanging open all the way down her front. She kept her breasts covered at this point, undoing the fastenings on the stockings, and sliding them down her legs, bending to show off her bum and occasionally flashing a boob, as if accidentally. This would look good on photos, I knew. Men liked the idea of a 'nip-slip'.
She turned, holding the corset wide, teasing, as she prepared for the 'big reveal'.
Of course, when she turned, it was hardly a revelation for Josh. He had seen her naked many times at his parents' house. Still, in my room, her swinging mammaries were quite an imposing sight. Gravity had a significant effect on them, unlike mine, and once they were uncompressed, they burst forth and dropped, wobbling as her nipples pointed off to the sides, diffuse areolae peaked with small, erect nubs.
I know some say 'more than a handful's a waste', but I think a greater number would say 'the more the merrier', and my sister's tits fitted into the latter category.
At first, she posed like a glamour model - nothing that would have been out of place on page three of certain newspapers or on a public beach. Then she began to handle her impressive orbs, fingering her nipples, making herself gasp with pleasure, as she pulled on her nipples, rolling them between finger and thumb.
Then, she bent over, arms and head on my bed as she slipped off her panties. Had I done this, my back passage would have been clearly visible, as well as my labia below. Debbie's slit was evident, slick with her juices, but her bum cheeks covered her back passage, not being as firm as mine.
As she bent, she reached behind her, pulling her cheeks apart, showing a strip of white skin which had not been suntanned, and the puckered brown skin and tiny black hole in the middle.
She moved one hand round, opening her outer lips, showing the pink flesh within, clearly wet and slick, desperate to be penetrated. She began to rub her finger up and down the slit, moving freely over the lubricated folds, catching her clitoris as she went. She moaned with pleasure and pushed her legs wider.
I wanted to leave. Seeing my sister like this felt so wrong. I'm attracted to women, and enjoyed seeing many of them like this, but I felt no pleasure. Debbie was trying to show Josh how open-minded she was, compared to me - what a woman could do for him, if she was not as uptight as me. She could hardly know that her performance was nothing compared to what we had done together. The whole show was obscene, and I wanted to leave - yet I wouldn't. Josh needed my support.
Totally naked now, my sister rolled to her back and spread her legs wide. She held her labia open, waiting until Josh pointed his camera directly at the deep pink, glistening wrinkles and the open hole therein. I chose not to look too hard, but I'm quite sure her clitoris would be prominent - especially as she now began to stroke it.
She raised her knees, pulling her feet up next to her bum and letting her hips flop wide. I glanced at Josh, snapping images almost constantly. Suddenly he paused and looked at me, a smile on his face, reassuring me. Suddenly, it all seemed absurd, and I had to suppress a giggle. My sister was trying to seduce my boyfriend, who wasn't remotely interested, and make me jealous, when she had absolutely no hope.
The more I thought, the more I had to stop myself from laughing out loud.
Josh focused on his work again.
"I could do with more poses, really," he suggested.
This time, I snorted as I tried to stop my laughter. The sound came out as a strangled sob, which I'm sure Debbie took for anger or distress, for she glanced at me with a cruel sneer. She then tried to go further.
"OK, Josh. Tell you what..." she picked up the make-up bag and took out a vibrator - maybe seven inches lone - with a clitoral stimulator over the top. "How about I play with this. Are you hard yet? I thought Jen might take some pics of us together."
My mouth dropped. I was shocked that she would even consider making such a blatant offer. Then I waited for Josh's reply.
"Sorry. Oh. You mean hard because of what you're doing." He laughed. "No. This is just professional. I don't get any sexual excitement from it. And, to be honest, Jen's not really a good enough photographer to take professional photos just yet - though I'm training her. You keep going. You're doing fine for a first-timer."
Debbie's face was priceless. Each sentence was calculated to infuriate her. His lack of stimulation, his deflection of her offer of sex, and his faint praise for her modelling. I could almost hear her brain ticking over, searching for a reply.
When it came, I was a little surprised.
"Jen, could you get me a drink? There's some wine in the kitchen."
Clever. She had decided that Josh was only saying what he wanted me to hear, so she was trying to get him alone.
I was about to refuse, when Josh chipped in again.
"Y'know that means you won't have a chaperone? If that's OK with you, then fine. Or we can stop till Jen gets back."
"Oh no," simpered Debbie, "let's keep going. It'll be fine."
"No problem," replied Josh, "off you go Jen. Could you get me a glass of water too. No hurry."
I realised he was leading her on, but her openly wanton behaviour irritated me. I smiled tightly at her as I left, before glancing at Josh, who winked.
I wandered downstairs, determined not to rush too much, poured the drinks and returned.
As I entered the room, I heard the buzzing of the vibrator. Debbie was lying back, legs apart, thrusting the vibrator forcefully in and out of her pussy, while Josh sat back in a chair, fiddling with the camera settings.
I looked questioningly into Josh's eyes as I put the drinks down.
"Thanks," he said, "I told Debbie I'd got plenty of photos, but if she wanted to keep going, it might help me get hard."
As he finished, Debbie let out an almighty cry, informing some god or other that she was cumming, insisting that he or she listen with both the volume of her cries and constantly saying "Yes".
I like to cry out when I climax, but this was a ridiculous piece of over-acting. I waited until her cries had settled and I was sure she could hear every word before I asked.
"Oh. Did it help? Are you hard now?"
Josh looked at me, a grin playing across his lips. "Nah. I'm doing a job. Professional photographer, professional model. If you're not sure, check. Not even a semi."
I reached out and grabbed his penis through his trousers, manipulating it gently for longer than was truly necessary. I felt it getting harder.
"Nothing," I commented, "not at first - though I'm sure I felt a little something at the end."
"Well," Josh responded, "with you touching it, hardly a surprise. Always gets me hard."
As my sister sat up, post-climax, Josh and I kissed, long and deeply. Then he turned to Debbie.
"Thanks, Deb, that was great. You modelled really well. Are we done now? We can do more if you want." He gave his most disarming smile. "And sorry about that. Very unprofessional to kiss my assistant before the shoot's over. If any of your friends want shoots, please tell them I won't let my professionalism slip with them either."
Debbie removed the vibrator. I think she was genuinely unsure whether we were mocking her or Josh was really trying to be a true professional. Either way, her annoyance was clear.
I turned to her.
"Deb. It's true, you did really well. The photos are going to look great. Josh was being professional. I know you wanted to make me jealous and seduce him if you could, but, honestly, even though you're gorgeous, you're not Josh's type. Like I'm not some men's type. Don't be upset. Just tell your friends he's really professional, won't touch them and will take really good pics."
This seemed to appease her. She nodded. "OK. I just thought I could get any guy by wobbling my tits at him. Let's call a truce."
She stepped towards me and hugged me. I almost pulled back in disbelief, but then relaxed, putting my hands on her bare back. It seemed ridiculous, standing fully-clothed, with my naked sister, while my fully clothed boyfriend looked on.
She stepped back. "Tell you what," she smiled, "let me do my thing - wander about naked, shag as many boys as I want - without comments - and I'll get my friends to model for you. I enjoyed it anyway. I might even join some of my friends for shoots - boys and girls. Bet that surprises you - I like girls too."
This time, my smile was very genuine. "Nah. Not even slightly surprised. If they want you to join them, it's cool."
Debbie raised an eyebrow as she returned my smile, and turned to leave, scratching her bum as she did.
"I think she's warming to me," I announced, "either that, or she just wants you to make porn movies of her and her friends."
Josh grinned, lecherously, "Cool."
I slapped his shoulder, jokingly.
"Actually," he went on, suddenly serious, "I don't mind photographing her. It's quite refreshing to see someone curvy, rather than stick-thin super models. Personally, I'm not that keen on either. I'm happy with what I've got."
He grabbed me, pulling me in close and kissing me. We moved to the bed, lying down as he lifted off my t-shirt. I responded by removing his, then undid his jeans and slid both jeans and boxers over his hips. I slid down, slipping his clothing down as I went, kissing his nipples, then his stomach, before finding my face directly adjacent to his penis.
As he kicked off his clothing, I licked from balls to head, swirling my tongue around, and coating him with saliva. I fondled his balls with my hand before covering the soft, delicate skin with my mouth and probing the tiny hole with my tongue.
As my hand slipped down, and I slipped my finger between his buttocks, I began bobbing my head, loving his ragged breathing and heaving chest.
"Good technique," a clear voice announced.
I shot back, careful to avoid dragging my teeth over Josh's sensitive skin, as he grabbed a pillow to cover himself.
"For fuck's sake, Debbie," I raged, don't you fucking knock?"
She grinned sweetly, making no effort to leave - indeed, she seemed very comfortable watching.
"No, seriously," she said, "we should share some tricks some time. I'm impressed."
I was still unsure whether she was being honest, or winding me up. I just wanted to get rid of her.
"OK. We'll see. For now, please fuck off. We prefer privacy."
With a tinkling laugh, she left and closed the door. Then, just as I was about to restart my oral pleasuring of Josh, she returned.
"Sorry. I came to pick up my knickers and forgot them."
She found the relevant item and left again, shouting, "give him one for me," as she went.
This time, Josh and I looked at one another before bursting into fits of giggles. He bent forward, dragging me up his body until we were eye to eye again.
This time, he pushed me on to my back, pulling my bra over my head and grabbing one of my nipples between his teeth. He bit down before sucking hard, drawing my already erect cylinders to even greater lengths.
I gasped as he abandoned my breast, but took solace from the fact that he progressed to my stomach, tongue tracking along the waistband of my jeans as he unbuttoned and unzipped me. He knelt up, gazing at me longingly as he slipped off my clothes, and I bent my legs up, in part to help, and in part to give him a much better view of my pussy.
He pushed my legs wide and lowered his head, tongue finding my clit instantly, licking it up and down, then flickering over it, as his hand pushed into my pussy, fingers finding my hole and pushing inside.
He knew exactly what to do, inserting a second finger and pushing upwards, bending the digits slightly to press the soft, spongy surface.
As he licked and flicked, his fingers began to pump in and out. Slowly at first, then faster until he reached a rapid pace, which he knew I liked.
My orgasm came quite quickly, thanks to his knowledge of my body and skill at bringing me to orgasm. My hips tightened, my head went back, my back arched, my pussy gushed and my head exploded.
It took a minute or so before the damage to my fractured brain was repaired, and I looked down to see Josh grinning up at me, his chin covered in my juices.
"My turn," I informed him, moving him onto his back.
I resumed my sucking, wishing I could deep throat him, but knowing I needed to practise that to avoid gagging. I took him as deeply as possible, bobbing vigorously and making sure the surfaces of my mouth rubbed against his most sensitive parts.
As soon as my jaw began aching, I withdrew, and began stroking vigorously with my hand, jerking him off, wanting him to cum. After a break, I lowered my head again and recommenced my oral activities.
Suddenly, I felt his cock swell and an explosion of his warm fluid gushed into my throat. I nearly gagged, but was determined not to spoil the moment. Another spurt, and I felt the juice run back, out of the corner of my mouth and on to my chin. More squirts, before he slowed to just dribbles.
Once I was certain that he was finished, I drew my head back, sealing my mouth around his organ, ensuring that nothing would leak out. Looking at him, I swallowed, revelling in his gaze of post-climactic stupor.
His eyes focused, and he smiled. "I love looking at you with cum dribbling down your chin," he said.
Quickly, I ran a finger round my face, pushing the now-cool slime into my mouth and swallowing. I moved up and kissed him, always pleased that he had no aversion to his own semen on my lips and in my mouth. Indeed, I knew that he had happily licked up and swallowed his cum off my body in the past.
We lay together in silence for a while, enjoying kissing and just being together. Then my phone 'pinged'.
It was Brenda. It seemed she was getting very nervous about her photoshoot. I thought for a minute before replying. I didn't want to tell her too much, but I had the seeds of an idea which would help her.
"How are you feeling about the shoot with Brenda tomorrow?" I asked.
Josh thought before answering. "Pretty good. I like her. You know me. I judge a person by personality, not looks, and I like Brenda."
"And you're OK posing for her?"
"Sure. Why not? You're good with it and like I said, I like her."
I was a little tentative with my next question. "She's very curious, you know. She's never seen a naked man, much less touched one. I wonder if... we could make her a bit less curious."
Josh propped himself up and looked down at me.
"How far are we talking?"
"Well - let her touch you. I can show her how to do a handjob. Let her suck you if she wants - I'll demonstrate and leave it up to her. Perhaps you could touch her too. Would you feel OK with that? If not, say so."
"If you're OK, I s'pose so. I quite like the idea of being a sex teacher. Are you sure she'll go for it?"
"Leave it to me. I'll find a way to make it fun."
I texted Brenda, offering reassurance, telling her she didn't have to do anything she didn't want - and anyway, Josh would be going first. He didn't know this yet, but I was plotting.
A little later, we dressed, just to make sure we were downstairs, watching TV with Debbie when mum got home from work. She knew we were having sex, but I didn't want to flaunt it - she disliked Debbie's open manner - so it seemed best to just be discreet.
We hung around for the evening, helping mum prepare a family meal, watching TV together, and generally doing 'family' things, until Josh announced that he wanted to do some work for Uni, and disappeared upstairs. I knew he was going to download the photos of Debbie and edit them, so was happy to give him some time - and anyway, I had things to do. I disappeared into our study with a pack of cards and got to work.
A little later, I went upstairs to find Josh finishing editing his 'favourite' images of Debbie. He had even changed the background on one image to look like a Titian painting, with Debbie as the model at the front. Clearly, he had channelled my view of her figure. He showed me what he had produced (a range from lingerie to nude to outright porn), and we decided to call her to see what she thought.
It was odd how the whole nature of our relationship had changed. Perhaps it was her realisation that I was not a prude, and my view of her lifestyle was more philosophical, rather than just outright disapproval which had changed her attitude. Perhaps it was the fact that we both enjoyed sex which gave us a connection. Whatever, she came to my room smiling, rather than with her usual superior sneer. Being five years older, I think she had just decided she knew better about everything.
Rather than just putting the photos on the monitor, Josh copied them to a memory stick and reset the computer to its homescreen.
"OK," he started, "I've sorted out the ones I think are best, photographically, and edited them. I'll let you have all of them, and I'll happily edit any that you prefer. I just go with the technical aspects. You'll probably be looking far more at your own appearance."
This could have been insulting - I suspect Debbie would rather that Josh had focused on the ones that made him most horny - but it was professional, nothing more. It took a second for Debbie to process this.
"Thanks. That's great. Umm... are they good? Do I look sexy?"
There was almost a vulnerability, an uncertainty I had never really seen in my sister before, and I decided to respond before Josh delivered another professional response.
"They look great," I stated, "definitely sexy and definitely looking good. I don't think many people really like photos of themselves, but try to see yourself as someone else looking and not spotting every little defect. You'll like them."
Josh took up the reins. "I'm really pleased with the quality, and Jen's right. Look for the good, not the bad.
"Do you want to take them away and look on your own, or shall we go through them together?"
Debbie considered this for a moment. She knew we had already seen them, of course, so it was really a case of her self-confidence at this point. Eventually, she decided to look through them with us.
At first, it was just as we predicted. She spotted a dimple on her bum, the roll of extra flesh on her stomach and a couple of small blemishes - minor moles - on her skin. We redirected her, pointing out the soft curves and feminine lines of her body, comparing them to the near androgyny of some supermodels, emphasising how these were features which men adored.
When we came to the Titian-style one, she gasped, recognising it as a great work of art, and flattered that Josh had considered her in this light. She also commented on her larger body type, accepting that this may not be what the media portrayed as ideal, but which she accepted as being her.
We discussed body-shaming and she spoke about how some men had done this to her - reflecting back to my experiences at school, and even apologising for the times she had insulted me. She even said that she hated her body, and part of the reason she was so happy to share it so openly was because she was desperate for approval and for people to say nice things to her. She also acknowledged that this was often simply so they could fuck her.
In some ways, I think the process was almost cathartic, and it brought us closer as sisters. She apologised for trying to undermine my self-confidence, even saying she was jealous of my body. This led to a long discussion of the effort I had to put in to get my figure - exercise, sport and diet - and how she wished she had the self-discipline. I told her I had hated most of it, and was jealous that she had curves with no real effort, whereas I had become obese.
Josh watched and listened to this intrinsically female discussion - men rarely appraise one another's bodies in such detail - nodding at the correct times and refusing to be drawn when Debbie asked questions about 'what men like' - especially when she referred to her breasts.
The openly sexual images were more personal, I felt. Some women seem to feel their genitals are unattractive, and avoid looking at them directly. Until the day before Josh and I got together, I had done so. Only then did I get a mirror and really examine my 'private' parts (now much less private, of course).
I had taken a neutral approach, and found that my labia were neat, well formed. They opened like a flower, revealing inner parts - my clitoris, inner lips and vagina. Not an untidy, ragged hole, but organised, like the petals, anther and stamen of an amaryllis. It was quite a shock, to me, that I actually found such intimate areas attractive.
Perhaps Josh was embarrassed as Debbie and I appraised her most intimate parts. This time we giggled, spotting her clitoris, talking about how sensitive it was, looking at how her labia swelled as she became excited and how small bubbles formed as lubricant seeped from her vagina - and how neat that hole actually was. Amazing, she commented, considering how much it had been used.
We even wondered if mum's was as pretty after two children, deciding it probably was, but perhaps rather different.
As we finished our detailed examination of the photos, talking about the sensations and stimuli that brought us to orgasm, we fell silent. Only then did Josh speak.
"Well... er... I'm glad you like the pics. And thanks for the in depth commentary. I'm trying to imagine two blokes sitting and discussing their cocks. I doubt it'd get further than 'mine's bigger', followed by 'size don't matter, it's what you do with it'. We're a far more basic life form."
Debbie and I laughed, and she commented that what Josh was saying was true. For men it was all about size. Apparently, she once had a very unsuccessful threesome, where the two men were so bothered about comparing dicks and trying to outperform each other that they seemed to forget her pleasure completely.
She then realised that maybe this was too much information, and fell silent.
"Look," Josh said, again filling the conversational void, "I'll happily do more shoots with you, and if you want to involve friends, or be involved in friends' shoots, it's fine. All I ask is that Jen's with us."
Debbie nodded. I thought about suggesting that she and I could do a shoot together some time (no sex, of course, just glamour) but held back, remembering her comment about being jealous of me. In truth, it would not be a good idea. Things might be good at the moment, but I was under no illusions that things could easily change - sibling rivalry is one of life's great certainties.
When Debbie left, to spend time reviewing the photos in private, Josh and I went to bed. We made love, as we did at every opportunity, and discussed the shoot with Brenda. Our main concern was that she would lose her nerve, but as I explained, provided we were happy to be involved, I felt she would take the plunge.
My concern was that Brenda and I had not seen each other naked in years and she might feel under pressure when she saw my body. That was something that couldn't be changed, however, and I still felt that my plan would leave her confident enough (and horny enough) to proceed as planned.
In fact, I reflected, Brenda probably had no real idea what I looked like under my clothes, as we had both adopted styles which were baggy and hid our figures. I knew she complained about her excess weight, and that was what she constantly hid under over-sized hoodies and baggy jeans, and why she had espoused the Emo youth culture far more than I had. Hopefully, all would be revealed tomorrow.
When Brenda arrived the following day, she looked terrified. I was relieved that Debbie had gone out for the day - she was meeting a group of friends and hanging out at one of their parents' houses. Debbie had mellowed towards me, but there was no guarantee that she would be as affable with Brenda.
We went up to my room, where Josh had set everything up for the shoot. As I looked at Brenda, I was positive that she was having second thoughts. I just hoped my plan would work.
The good thing was that she had brought her bag of sexy clothes, so all was not lost, but getting her into them was sure to be problematical.
We sat for a while and chatted, trying to establish a relaxed atmosphere. I even considered fetching a bottle of wine, but Josh was dead against using alcohol - he felt that any photographer who gave their models booze was being grossly unprofessional, and would leave themselves wide open to accusations of improper behaviour.
Brenda showed no sign of wanting to get the shoot underway, so I decided to grasp the nettle.
"Tell you what. We're here for a photoshoot. Why not try to set a nice fun atmosphere, and have a bit of a laugh?"
Josh looked at me questioningly, then shrugged and nodded. Brenda looked at me, very apprehensively. I caught her eye and raised my eyebrows, trying to indicate that she should go along with whatever I suggested. Taking the hint, she nodded too.
"Right," I continued, "let's play a game. Dead easy. I give us one card each. High card wins. Their prize is to ask the loser 'truth or dare'."
I saw Brenda swallow, and once again caught her eye, letting her know she would be safe.
"What sort of dares?" She asked.
"Whatever," I answered, "they can be things to start the photoshoot, silly things - anything at all."
"Fine," smiled Josh. Brenda considered, then decided that withdrawing now might be difficult and anti-social. She nodded.
I produced a pack of cards, and dealt the first three.
Amazingly, I won. I looked at the other cards, and, surprise, surprise, Josh lost.
"OK. Truth or dare?"
I knew Josh would pick a dare - after all, why not? He was already committed to a nude photoshoot, so he had nothing to lose.
"Hmm..." I gave the impression that I was trying to think of something for him to do. "I know. I dare you to do every dare for the rest of the game."
His jaw dropped.
"Seriously? Is that in the rules? It's hardly fair..."
His protests dried up, as he realised what I had done. In effect, he had been stitched up. It left him at our mercy - one of my fantasies.
Brenda perked up a little. She realised that she would not be doing any dares, and that she was going to get the chance to have a lot of fun with my gorgeous boyfriend.
I dealt the next set of cards. I won again - and this time Brenda lost.
"Brenda, I dare you to take off an item of clothing... sorry - your dare, Josh."
He peeled off his t-shirt. Brenda gazed at his toned chest and stomach, clearly liking what she saw.
Next deal - I won again - and Josh lost his shorts.
Now Brenda was enjoying herself, and I was delighted, watching her face light up as Josh pushed his shorts to the floor, revealing a hint of cock in his boxers.
Brenda was the next winner. Would she follow my lead? I could see her inner turmoil before she came to a decision.
"I dare you to... take an item of clothing off Jen."
My mouth dropped. Treachery! I raised my arms to let Josh take off my t-shirt, sitting back down and feeling my best friend's eyes on my body.
Then Josh won. He had seen my reaction to Brenda's dare, and clearly decided it was time to see if she was up for it.
"Jen," he said, "I dare you to take off an item of Brenda's clothing, and take photos."
Of course, as he had to do the dare, he had to remove her outsize hoodie - which left me holding the camera.
If she was unsure, she didn't show it. She raised her arms as Josh grabbed the bottom of the black garment, and lifted it over her head. As he did so, her t-shirt lifted too, exposing her stomach and the bottom of her bra. I was surprised. I had expected to see rolls of excess flesh, but, while she was certainly not as flat and firm as me, there was actually no real justification for her fears about her weight.
As the hoodie fell away, Brenda's top fell back, covering her again.
I got to make the next dare.
"Josh, Take off your boxers while Brenda takes photographs - and make it sexy."
Brenda grabbed the camera and began to snap. Josh played his part, lowering one side, then the other, revealing his bum, while his cock stayed covered. There was a definite tension, but I sensed that Brenda liked having the camera. It made a good barrier between her and the near naked man.
It suddenly hit me what a huge moment this was. To my knowledge, this was the first penis Brenda had ever seen 'in the flesh'. Previously, we had seen many on porn websites and in magazines, but this was a huge first. I wondered how many firsts she would experience today.
Slowly, Josh revealed his almost semi-erect member. Brenda was fascinated. She took photo after photo, frequently lowering the camera to gaze at this miracle. Josh was enjoying it too. It must have felt good to have his body treated like Michelangelo's David.
Eventually, we settled to our game once more - our 'victim' now naked and wondering where this could lead.
This time Josh won. He must have felt that Brenda was ready to move on, as he dared himself to take off Brenda's t-shirt. A fleeting look of panic passed over her eyes, but was suddenly replaced by steely determination. Josh knelt in front of her, and once again, she lifted her arms, allowing him to pull her top up and over her head, revealing her upper body in nothing but a bra.
I was amazed. Firstly, she was wearing one of the bras we had bought in town - a silk, lavender one, trimmed with lace and underwired to provide plenty of uplift and a fine cleavage. I hadn't paid much attention when she selected her size, apart from being surprised when I spotted the 'F' cup after the number.
Looking at her, it was obvious that her boobs were very impressive - huge, in fact, while her waist was quite slim, with minimal excess fat. She had appeared larger, as her clothes hung down from her tits. Josh noticed too - it was hard not to, and Brenda blushed as she saw him look.
"Wow, Bren," I muttered, "I didn't know you were keeping those hidden away. All that moaning about your weight, when you've got stunning boobs. They're gorgeous."
Josh agreed, and I knew he was desperate to see them exposed, and probably to get his hands on them. I smiled. Hopefully both would happen - but not yet.
While Brenda had been embarrassed, I knew she was also proud, and happy that we were so impressed. I was very aware of her lack of body confidence, and hoped that this could be a life-changing day for her.
I was bored with the card game, and when I won the next game ( hardly a surprise - I had been rigging the cards from the start), I made my final demand.
"Josh. I dare you to do everything Brenda and I tell you for the next forty five minutes, while we take photos of you. He swallowed. He knew by now that we had conned him, but really didn't care.
For the next ten minutes, we made him pose - standing, lying on the bed, kneeling, sitting as Brenda shot a huge number of photos. My only issue was that Josh was still not fully erect.
I pointed out the problem to Brenda.
"Why don't you make him hard, Bren? It's easy. Just take it in your hand and stroke."
She passed me the camera, and approached him, as if in a trance. She reached out, then stopped, her hand an inch from his purple helmet.
"Are you sure it's OK?" She asked me. "I mean, he's your boyfriend."
I smiled, reassuringly. "Of course. Look. We have a rule. We can do what we want - except actual penetration - as long as we do it together. I want you to. Let me help."
I put the camera on the tripod, setting it to take automatic pictures every ten seconds, then moved in and took her hand. I guided it gently to the tube of flesh before her. As her fingertips touched his shaft, she pulled back as if she had an electric shock, then I felt her arm relax. Her hand opened, and her fingers gently enclosed his shaft.
I knelt opposite her, so we were either side of the object of our desires, and put my hand around hers. I started to move her hand up and down, and as I did, I instructed her - how she needed to catch the head for maximum stimulation, how speeding up would make him cum more quickly, how twisting her wrist would be good for him.
He was fully erect, and I decided that Brenda was ready to learn more. I showed her how to spit on the head to provide lubrication, and showed her how to hold his balls. I was unsure whether to tell her about fingering his anus, but eventually took the plunge. Initially, she seemed shocked, then she whispered:
"Show me."
I spat on my finger and slipped it between his buttocks, pushing up and feeling the tight little hole. I wiggled my finger, delighted to hear him draw a deep, rapid breath. I massaged for a while, until I became concerned that Josh might finish too quickly. I withdrew.
"Can I try?" Brenda whispered.
I placed her finger in my mouth sucked, leaving it wet, and guided her. I watched her press and wiggle, exploring, at the same time as she wanked him gently.
"D'you want to suck him?" I asked.
She stared at me, and again I wondered if this was a step too far. Then she replied:
"Show me."
I moved in willingly, licking along the rigid shaft, up and down his full length, before taking the head in my mouth. I began bobbing up and down and had to hold back - I didn't want him to shoot his load in my mouth and Brenda to miss all the fun.
I returned to licking his shaft, and after a second, Brenda joined me. The photographs were incredible - both of us licking his cock, taking it in turns to take him in our mouths. Occasionally, I would offer some hint, or direction, sharing my recently acquired expertise with my friend, and wondering if now would be a good time for Josh to shower her with his creamy cum. Then I made a decision.
Pulling back, I announced, "Right, Bren. Time for your shoot. Slip your jeans off."
She gazed at me. I knew she wanted to, but something held her back.
"I can't," she whispered urgently.
I stood up and slid my jeans down, hoping she would follow my example. I stood up in just bra and knickers for her to see. I realised that there might be a specific reason for her worries, and probed further. Eventually, she whispered her reply.
"It's just... well... Josh is shaved, I can tell you are, and I... well... I'm quite hairy down there. I wanted to shave it off for today, but I was scared. Now I'm scared to show you."
Maybe it was wrong to laugh, but I did anyway.
"Don't be silly, Bren. I wasn't shaved till last week. Josh shaved me. Tell you what. Let's see. You don't have to shave - I know most porn actresses and models shave, but it's not some kind of rule. It's a choice."
I saw her resolve weaken, and reached to undo her belt. Her jeans were far too big, held up only by the belt, pulled tight over her hips, and once the buckle was released, they fell to the floor. Again, I marvelled at her shape. Her hips swelled gently, and her legs were slim and attractive.
"Shit, Bren, you're lovely. I thought you were fat under those baggy clothes, but it was just your tits pushing your hoodie out and everything else was just too big. You need to start showing your figure more."
She pouted. "You don't understand. My tits were huge when I was just a kid. Everyone took the piss out of them. They called me 'tits', or 'bucket boobs'. So I hid them and just ignored everyone - till you got to school and we became friends.
I looked at her knickers, and instantly saw the ginger curls around the side of her knickers and the mound of hair pushing the fabric. I could see why was reluctant to strip.
"Tell you what," I said, "why not let us shave you? We shaved each other, and I've been getting rid of my stubble ever since. Josh is really good at it."
She was uncertain, and I could see her mind tormented by the issue.
I took decisive action. Reaching out, I grabbed the waistband of her panties, and unceremoniously dragged them down.
She had quite a bush. I couldn't see her pussy, yet I could smell her musky aroma.
"You smell lovely," I informed her, "I think we should see where that scent's coming from. Josh. Go get scissors, shaving cream and a razor."
I pushed her back on the bed and spread her legs while Josh did as he had been told. Then I shifted the camera to get a photographic record, as Brenda's pussy saw daylight for the first time in many years.
As Josh returned with the various items, Brenda snapped her legs together. I was unsure if she was more embarrassed about her bush than being modest about exposing herself.
I coaxed her gently, and whether it was my soft words that helped, or Josh's swinging hard-on, she finally relented and let her legs part.
Gently I began the task of pruning the undergrowth. It extended from her pubis onto her inner thighs and down between her legs. I couldn't help feeling that it must be quite an issue when she had her period, but that she had never really known any different. What was odd was the sheer thickness and volume of hair - most redheads have quite a sparse covering, but in her case, the opposite was true.
I placed the towel under her hips and began trimming with the scissors. As Josh and I found when we shaved one another, this was a quick task and made a considerable difference. The curls fell away rapidly, revealing her labia - neat and pretty, but puffy and definitely moist.
Soon she had barely half a centimetre of hair left, and I pulled back to admire my handiwork.
"You look lovely," I informed her, "do you want the whole lot off or would you like a little left? A runway, perhaps, or a little triangle?"
She looked like a rabbit in the headlights, so I decided to involve Josh. He examined her like a doctor examining a patient.
"I think," he opined, "a runway. It'll be different to yours, have all those hygiene benefits you talk about and look pretty. You look really nice down there, Brenda. Have you ever looked? You should. Once all the hair's gone, everything's so much tidier and easier to see."
Brenda flushed at Josh's appraisal of her parts, and shook her head. I recounted how I had examined myself properly for the first time, a little over a week ago - finding the outward appearance of my slit pleasant and tidy, and progressing to opening the lips and experiencing such curiosity, seeing my clitoris, inner lips and that magical hole which Josh filled a few days later.
I went a step further, and suggested that once we had finished removing the excess hair, she and I could compare. I think the idea shocked her, but she nodded. I could relate. I had only looked between the legs of actors in porn movies until last week. Then I had seen my aunt and sister, thanks to the naturist lifestyle at Josh's home.
Even then, all I saw was a hairless slit. The first time I really examined a woman's parts, it was Connie, Josh's friend's partner - not only did I carry out a visual examination, I inserted my fingers inside her and licked her free-flowing juices. I felt myself getting wet as I remembered.
"Who do you want to shave you?" I asked.
Brenda looked from one to the other, then replied: "Whoever's the safest."
I smiled, remembering my own misgivings.
"Well," I informed her, "that would be Josh. Men have more experience with shaving, and he shaved me without any damage. I'll show you in a minute."
She nodded. "OK," said Josh with a professional efficiency I knew he didn't feel, "Lift your legs up and put your feet on the bed. I'll need as much space as possible."
Brenda did as he directed, her legs yawning, slightly parting her labia.
Quickly, Josh grabbed shaving foam and smeared her crotch. I listened to the clicking camera, wondering how Brenda would react to the images. The shaving began.
Josh began on the outside and worked in, carefully leaving a straight strip directly above her delicate opening.
The surrounding parts denuded, Josh finally needed to touch her swollen lips. I wondered if she would object, but at his first touch, she breathed deeply and gave an almost inaudible sigh. Josh worked quickly and efficiently, as if he shaved pussies every day. Only his rock-hard erection was evidence of how turned on he was.
The shaving foam rapidly disappeared under the moving blade. As I watched, Josh moved her labia aside, parting the pink lips, showing the deeper colours inside. I looked at her face. Her embarrassment seemed to have passed - or she had simply got used to it - and she was turned on. Her eyes were closed, head back and she breathed rapidly and deeply.
Josh looked at me, then Brenda's pussy and back to me. I knew what he was suggesting, and nodded, giving him my blessing.
His finger slipped between the lips with ease, and he sought the hard button within. At first, Brenda seemed not to realise, then, suddenly, her eyes flew open. Josh had found his target. He rubbed at first, then tapped, spreading the lips wider so I could see her clitoris and inner lips. She was so wet.
As Josh rubbed, squeezed and tapped, I used a towel to wipe away the shaving foam, then grabbed the camera and began to photograph from a range of angles.
My boyfriend knew how to treat a pussy - after all, I had taught him - and after fingering the exposed clit for a few minutes, he dipped his head and began to lick. His hand slipped down, and a finger slipped into Brenda's tight hole, seeking the sensitive spot inside.
He licked and rub, as I watched and photographed. His finger moved more quickly - just one finger, I noticed - he normally used two on me.
Brenda began to moan, pushing her thighs up into his face. I wished she had taken off her bra. I really wanted to photograph and play with her stunning tits. Later, perhaps.
Suddenly, she came, hands pushing Josh's head between her legs, back arching and emitting a long, drawn out moan. Quieter than me, but longer. She opened her eyes - glazed and unseeing as she gave herself entirely to pleasure.
Josh pulled back, his face covered with her secretions, and I grabbed him, kissing him deeply - partly because I loved him, and partly to taste my friend's juices. They had smelled so pleasant, and their taste matched. I ran my tongue around Josh's face, determined to enjoy as much as possible.
Brenda lay back, dropping her legs to the floor and going limp.
"Wow," she said, "that was amazing. Give me a minute."
We sat either side of her, leaning down so our heads were next to hers. We each lay a hand on her stomach for reassurance.
After a few minutes, Brenda sat up and looked down between her legs. I told Josh to get the shaving mirror from the bathroom to give her a better view.
When he returned, I knelt next to her, holding the mirror so she could see everything.
"It looks nice," she nodded, "even though it's just had quite a busy time." I reached forward and parted her lips. She stared again, then smiled. "I've never seen my clit before - or my vagina. I like them. Hope you got photos."
I assured her we had, and only then did she seem to realise that I had my hand on her most intimate parts. She looked at me, slightly shocked at first as she tensed. Then she relaxed, giving me a small smile - permission to touch her, and acknowledgement that she liked it.
"Can I see yours now?" She asked.
I lost no time shedding my clothing, and we swapped places. She stared at my pussy as I spread my lips for her to examine me properly. Then I felt it. A delicate touch on my clit, sending little electric sparks through me. I shivered as the touch became more confident. She touched me as I suppose she liked to be touched - rubbing and tweaking. Maybe a little too gentle for my liking, but still amazing.
Then she paused.
"Can I taste you?" Her voice was barely audible, and I knew it had taken a huge amount of courage to ask.
I lifted my head to look at her. "Of course you can. I tasted you on Josh's face, but I want to taste you direct from the source in a bit."
She bent and I felt her tongue, testing and tasting at first, then licking, finding my clit, making me grab my pillow and push my head back into it. A finger entered me and began to move back and forth. I heard Josh's voice: "Try another finger. She likes that." Another finger entered me, and I heard Josh directing my BFF as she licked and drilled her fingers in and out.
My turn to climax, and it felt so wonderful to do so on the hand and tongue of my friend.
As I lay back, Brenda looked at me. "I'm so sorry," she began, "did you think I was Josh? I'm not gay - I just couldn't stop myself."
My laugh interrupted her. "Oh, stop it, Bren. I'm definitely bi. I've been with two other women and loved it. I knew it was you all along. Maybe you're bi too - or perhaps it was just the situation here. Stop worrying about it and start finding out what you like. That's what I've been doing."
Brenda stopped and put her head on one side, absorbing my words, then replied. "Yeah. I loved that with you - but maybe it's just because it's you. I need to try some other girls."
She said this so confidently, that I felt sure she would do exactly that.
Josh decided to get things back on track.
"Shall we sort out this shoot? We've got loads of pics, but we ought to get some of Brenda looking gorgeous. Go and get changed, and we'll do a proper shoot. Then, of course, there's something else to take care of." He looked down at his engorged cock, swinging slowly from side to side.
This agreed, Brenda changed into a corset and slipped on some panties. Josh insisted on preserving the veneer of professionalism, so he and I turned our backs while she changed. Once she was ready, I put some make up on her and did her hair. It felt odd walking around in just a bra, so I decided to remove it and free my boobs.
Brenda posed for several shots, before changing again - this time into a sheer cami. She kept a bra and knickers underneath, which was a disappointment, But this time, rather than just letting her pose, I directed her to begin undressing - lifting the cami, showing her crotch and stomach, then turning to show her bum (not toned, but slim and pretty). She lifted the cami up and over her head.
"Perfect," enthused Josh, "now the bra - sexy - unclip, one shoulder, then the other. Turn round so I can see your back. Arms out of straps - and hold it to the side. Now, drop it and turn. Show me those titties."
Finally, we got to see the boobs which had turned Brenda into a body-hating prude. They were stunning - very large, with big, oval nipples, a slightly deeper shade of pink than her alabaster skin. She was pale all over - a result of covering herself completely from the sunny weather which had made most people a healthy golden-brown.
Lying back, she looked like a marble statue, only the hair on her head and the narrow strip between her legs offered a strawberry-blonde hint of colour - along with her large areolae and pink nipples, like chewed bubble gum. Josh and I gazed at her, drinking in her body, until she felt a little uncomfortable.
"Take a photo, it lasts longer," she quipped, and the spell was broken as Josh took photos and I directed her poses.
We concluded the nude part of the shoot, but decided she should put the cami on again. The sheer fabric added yet another dimension, rendering her body hazy and allowing her erect nipples to catch the fabric, holding it in sharp points - a stepping stone from lingerie to full nudity.
As a photoshoot, it had been oddly sequenced - much of the openly sexual content had happened first, then the lingerie and nudity - then back to lingerie. However, it had all happened, and every aspect of my friend's previously unseen body had been explored.
Only then did we turn back to Josh.
It was my turn to take the lead, and revisit the sexual techniques which I had been teaching Brenda earlier. This time, I demonstrated, first with hands, then with mouth, before letting her practise. Now that she had more confidence, she learned quickly, and it was clear that Josh was ready for release.
Throughout this, the camera had been automatically clicking away, and I was desperate for the final scenes to be captured as vividly as possible.
"Let's finish him off together," I announced, "one each side, on our knees with Josh standing."
I realised then that Brenda might not be keen on the way Josh and I usually finished, so thought I should give her chance to withdraw.
"Bren. Usually when Josh comes, I like it on my face and I like to swallow it. We have to use condoms till my pill takes effect, and it's the only way I can get it inside me.
"D'you want to try it? I'll lick your face clean afterwards. Personally, I like the taste."
She thought, but this time without the fear she exhibited earlier.
"Well," she mused, "I never thought I'd like the taste of pussy, but I do. I'd never forgive myself if I didn't try. Let's do it - do him."
I took the lead, jerking Josh's cock, focusing on the sensitive head, wanting him to finish quickly, while Brenda fondled his balls and placed her face and mouth directly underneath."
Suddenly, Josh groaned, and I felt his body tense as his knees flexed. I stopped stroking and directed him at the eager face. His penis swelled slightly, the skin on the head stretching before the sudden release.
I directed two spurts onto her face (I didn't want her to gag) before pushing the pumping organ between her lips. I was impressed. I tended to close my eyes when my face was covered. Brenda might have blinked, but even though a strand crossed from upper to lower eyelid, she kept watching.
As the first couple of throbs went into her mouth, her eyes widened initially, and I was worried she might start gagging. However, she controlled herself, letting him finish before releasing his manhood. I quickly grabbed it and sucked, drawing out the last of his ejaculate.
I swallowed quickly and turned to my friend. "Keep it in your mouth. Show the camera." She did as directed, revealing a creamy settlement of cum on her tongue. "Now swallow." She gulped.
"That tasted nice," she opined, "I wouldn't have it as a drink with breakfast, but I'll happily have it again in future."
We laughed, and I moved towards her. "I'm going to clean your face - I only got a little bit when I sucked up the drops - then just one more thing."
Without another word, I moved towards her, lapping the rapidly cooling cum with my tongue until I decided it was all gone. Then I lifted her up and sat her on the edge of the bed, pushing her back, gently.
I took her nipple in my mouth, while my hand toyed with the other one. Her breasts, although large, were firm - unlike Debbie's which wobbled freely. Brenda's wobbled, but in a controlled way, stopping after a couple of jiggles, rather than perpetual motion.
I left the breast reluctantly, mouth travelling to her stomach. If Brenda felt any sense of loss at her breast being abandoned, it did not last long, as Josh moved in, engulfing her nipple and indulging the desire he had felt since he first saw them.
I knelt between her thighs, her wet, puffy lips in front of me, suffused a deep rose, and looked up at her face.
"Like I said before, I love tasting pussy and comparing. You're my third. I've found they all have an underlying similarity, but a difference in intensity and strength - like a curry." It seemed a really bad analogy, so I rethought. "Maybe a cheesecake - sweet, always lovely but different flavour and depth."
I dipped to sample. "Mmm... my favourite."
I applied my tongue to her clitoris, quickly sliding my finger inside her - and deciding that, although she was tight, two fingers would easily fit. Suddenly, I felt fingers between my own legs - stroking me, slipping inside, rubbing across my back passage - then a tongue, flickering, first around my clit, then my pussy, then, magically, on the soft skin by my anus. We hadn't tried rimming, but it felt so good.
Josh had moved behind me, unable to resist my bum stuck in the air as I pleasured Brenda. His attentions heightened the experience, and while I couldn't duplicate everything he did to me, I licked from her buttocks to the top of her slit and back, pausing to stick my tongue between her cheeks a little, before returning to her clit and fingering her pussy.
I even pushed a finger between her buttocks, wanting her to feel the potential of that little dark hole as my finger probed, but found her too tight to penetrate.
Neither Brenda nor I lasted long, and climaxed almost simultaneously - the opening cries of her release bringing about my own.
Then we relaxed, lying together naked on the bed, comfortable with each other in a way that would have been unthinkable when Brenda knocked on the door.
After a while in silence, we chatted. We discussed Brenda's body - how lovely it was, and how, perhaps, it was time she embraced her boobs (literally and psychologically), rather than seeing them as an embarrassing focal point.
"It's a fact," stated Josh, "that most people won't look you in the eye when they talk to you - but think of the power. Your boobs can control half the population. You'd have people on their knees before you."
We giggled, but he was right. She could hardly lose them, so why not take advantage? Of course, enhancing them might be a big step - a sweeping cleavage in an uplift bra might have people throwing themselves on her, as if she were a giant pillow - but accepting their size and wearing appropriate covering would be attractive and preserve a sense of mystery.
Brenda came round to our point of view slowly, and eventually asked if I would help her shop for more appropriate clothes. She seemed ready to stop hiding, and to let herself explore the opportunities out there.
She had, she said, considered asking if Josh would fuck her - just to get her virginity out of the way and find out what fucking was like. She had held back though.
"It'd have been great," she explained, "especially with you watching, but I'd rather wait. Find someone special and do like you. Take a bit of time, explore first, then go for it when we're both ready. Hopefully when it'll be better than a thirty second hump and a quick squirt, and when it'll be something to build on. Might be a bit romantic, but I'll go with it for a while - get a vibrator for now."
It sounded sensible. Brenda wasn't ready to fuck for the sake of fucking. She had time to enjoy it properly."
I realised that, while this might not be the last time the three of us played together like this (in fact, I foresaw several threesomes - maybe foursomes in time), this would not become a habitual pastime. Josh and I did not want a 'unicorn', and I was not about to break our 'only when we're together' vow - so Bren and I would return to just being the closest of friends, with sex as a discussion - just now, it would be a far more informed discussion.
We talked through all of this, before realising that mum was due in about twenty minutes, and if she found us all naked with a camera set up, she might be rather shocked. We joked about just letting her find us - but when Josh said she might even join us, the mental images were too much and I called time on the conversation. We dressed regretfully - especially Brenda, with only her shapeless hoodie and jeans, disguising her charms.
Not long after mum came home, Brenda left, having arranged to shop with Josh and I the following day. Mum cooked for us, then announced that she and dad were out for the evening - a meal with friends - and would be out until eleven o'clock at the earliest.
With Debbie still out, this left us with the house to ourselves, and the chance to explore some of our more fetishistic ideas.
Dad came home, showered and changed, and he and mum left.
Josh and I dashed upstairs, tempted to rip each other's clothes and make love. However, we could do that at bed time, and in the morning - maybe later in the day as well - so gazed at each other, considering what to explore next. Suddenly, I had an idea.
"Set up the video camera. I'll be back in a minute."
Grabbing a bag from our 'secret drawer', I skipped away to the bathroom to change.
I reappeared five minutes later in the 'sexy witch' outfit, brought from the sex shop near Josh's home. It had a short skirt, held with Velcro, made of some cheap, red nylon material and flaring out with black netting. The top was a corset in similar colours, which pushed my boobs up, with a long-sleeved jacket matching the skirt, also held with Velcro. Elbow length black gloves, stockings and suspenders, black knickers, a hat and a wand (a plastic stick, not the 'personal massager' type) completed the outfit.
Before entering the room, I sent Josh a quick text message.
Close curtains. Spotlight with green gel on middle of floor.
Camera pointing to spotlight area. You sit on bed.
Love you xx
I gave him a minute to set up as requested, and entered the room. I put my fingers to my lips to stop him talking and selected a playlist which seemed appropriate - 'Weird Halloween'. It wasn't Halloween, but who cares?
I stood directly in front of him and told him his role.
"You've been taken prisoner and I've cast a spell which means you can't move unless I tell you to. We're gonna work some magic."
I felt weird with roleplay - I'm not a natural actress - but I was determined to stay in role - a witch exerting total power over her victim, able to do as she wished and work her sexual magic. So long as I didn't raise the devil, it should be fun. I had some ideas, but knew I'd need to improvise quite a bit of this.
I started the video camera, and began to dance, waving the floaty material and twirling as I went. Then I stopped.
"Stand," I ordered. Josh did as he was told. Moving as if I was some sort of giant spider, I approached him, running my hands over his body. I unbuttoned his jeans and unzipped them, pulling them down to the floor.
"Lift your foot." I slipped the clothing off. "Put it down, lift the other." I removed his lower clothing and began admiring his cock - still soft between his legs.
"Raise your arms." I removed his t-shirt, leaving him naked.
Gently, I stroked his penis with my wand, concentrating on it, staring as it steadily rose to a full erection. Then I flicked my wand at it - maybe he could edit later so it looked as if it had gone from soft to hard with a flick of my wand.
"Lie on the floor." I directed to the diffuse circle of green light, where he lay, hands still over his head.
Returning to our hiding place, I grabbed handcuffs and rope. Quickly, I cuffed him, then passed rope round his ankles to the feet of the bed, spreadeagling him. Finally, I wound the rope around his cock and balls - then once just around his cock.
His breathing had become ragged - I recognised the sounds of his excitement - and it seemed that he was enjoying being submissive - much as I did.
I grabbed the switch and flicked it across his cock, watching him shiver nervously. I didn't want to hurt him, but it was fun seeing him squirm. It also meant he got to experience it. I felt that was important. I wished I had turned him over before tying him down. Spanking his bum would have been fun - he might have liked it.
I teased him with my wand a little more - running it over his cock, and opening the little hole at the tip with it. I stroked him gently with my gloved hand, letting him enjoy the fabric sliding over his skin. This was all about teasing.
I squatted over him, rubbing my silk-covered pussy on his hard member, pushing the material between my lips and letting him feel how wet I was.
I stood, making sure the camera was directly on me. I began to sway my hips, and then to dance around Josh's supine body. I removed the jacket, one sleeve at a time, revealing the corset beneath. Still dancing, I bent over Josh and rubbed my cleavage over his face, before moving forward and rubbing my pussy over it as well, letting him see the camel toe and my engorged lips around the fabric.
I stood again, spinning away and releasing the Velcro on the skirt, leaving just corset, black silk knickers and stockings. Corset next, and I undid one catch at a time, moving and dancing between each one, revealing more of my upper body and losing the cleavage as my breasts became more free.
Finally, the two sides fell apart, and I turned my back to Josh as I allowed the corset to fall to ground. I kept my back to him, as I lowered myself again. I ran my pussy over his cock, then up his body, until my pouting lips were over his face, and I could push my breasts around his penis, pushing across it and stroking it, as I pushed them up and down.
Finally, my panties. I knelt up and brought my head to Josh's chest, reaching back and rolling my final item down my legs. Then I crawled up and over his head, giving him a prime view of my parts, framed by stockings, before I stood up.
Standing directly over his head, I opened my labia and began stroking my clitoris, still swaying to the rhythm of the music. As I moved to adopt a new position, I licked my fingers, cleaning off my juices.
Knelt over Josh again, this time pushing my bum in the air. I rested my head and shoulders on him and reached back, inserting two fingers into myself, while my other hand reached round to pull my bum cheeks apart, showing him everything.
Naked, apart from gloves and stockings, with my juices across my thighs, I went to our hiding place and took out my next requirements.
I returned to my previous position, but this time raised a lubricant coated finger to my bum, coating my hole, before sliding in my pretty, jewelled butt plug. Then I moved down between his legs.
Once again I coated a finger with lube, but this time I pushed between his buttocks. I greased his hole, and slid in another butt plug, watching his eyes pop as I did so.
I returned to our 'stash', and knelt over Josh, dangling my breasts in his face. I attached first one, then the other nipple clamp, screwing them in tightly as he gazed.
I was incredibly turned on. My pussy was running freely, my hyper-stimulated boobs had rock-hard nipples, now firmly clamped. I considered using a vibrator, but decided what I really wanted was Josh. I wanted to cum, and needed him inside me, with the butt plug in place. I also decided there was room for a wand. Clit, pussy and bum - with all three being worked, orgasm was inevitable.
I grabbed the wand and a condom, and decided to try something I once saw on a porn site. The woman in the video made it look very simple, but I was less convinced.
We had bought some flavoured condoms - my idea, as I had suggested that there might be times when I would want to suck Josh, then have him inside me without the pause while a condom was put in place - and I really didn't fancy the taste of the ordinary ones. I grabbed one of these and opened the wrapper.
Checking it was the right way round, I placed it over the head of his penis, which looked even larger than usual. I dipped my head, and catching the sides of the condom with my lips, unrolled it as far as possible using my mouth, forcing myself to take in his length until I almost gagged. I wanted to deep throat him, but needed more practice.
Once this was done, I moved my head up and down, working him with my mouth as I usually did, before withdrawing and surveying how successful I had been putting the condom on. Not too bad, if I was honest - a couple of bits of straightening, but definitely something to try again.
I knelt above him, rubbing my pussy, pulling the lips wide and pushing two fingers into my hole. Another thought struck me. There was plenty of room for a third finger, as I rubbed against my sensitive spot, juices running very freely. A fourth finger was comfortable - but it was only my little finger, so didn't take a lot of space. Could I manage my fist?
I was worried that sticking my whole fist in might make me so loose that Josh would barely feel my usually tight walls rubbing against him - on the other hand, things did pop back into shape quite quickly - and I could always slide him into my bum-hole - that was very tight - and already relaxed because of the butt plug.
I took out my hand, balled it into a fist and considered it. My hands were quite small, but still considerably larger than anything else that had penetrated me. I wavered, before deciding that I would rather try it on my own first. This whole, carefully managed role play could fall apart if I ended up trying to force my fist into me - and even worse - what if I couldn't get it out? Imagine the looks at the hospital.
I knelt over Josh, masturbating furiously, until I felt my climax approach. It was not a huge, brain-shredding orgasm - just a moment of head-spinning pleasure, accompanied by a flood of juices, dripping down onto the condom and Josh's pubis. I wanted him to enter easily and smoothly, and I wanted to be hyper-sensitive, so my next orgasm would be hugely intense.
I pulled the soft rope encircling his cock and balls tighter. I wanted to stop him cumming too soon, and to stay hard for longer. We had considered a cock ring, but decided against it. I hoped my rope-tying would produce a similar effect.
I settle with my pussy touching his cock-head, checking the angle was correct, and dropped. This could have been painful for us both if my calculations were wrong, but he entered me to the hilt. The rush of being instantly filled was incredible, and the sensation made me gasp - especially accompanied with the butt plug. Perhaps next time I could use a dildo for more authentic double penetration.
I started sliding up and down slowly, my massively slippery hole making everything smooth and easy. Then I grabbed my wand (the sex toy this time), still flexing knees and thighs, as I brought it on to my clit.
I heard Josh gasp. It hadn't occurred to me that he would feel the intense vibrations, but he clearly did. I wondered if he also felt the object filling my anus.
I built up speed, my triple-stimulation driving me to orgasm - an orgasm which I knew would be incredible, coming from both of my most sensitive areas. I plunged up and down, knowing that my thighs were burning, and would be stiff afterwards, but not caring - it was good exercise. Then, just as I pushed to move even faster, my brain did a somersault, I cried out involuntarily, then again, and again. I almost felt sick as my head spun drunkenly and my stomach flipped.
I know when I finally became aware of myself again, I had flopped forwards onto Josh's chest. The wand was squashed between us, and I experienced a brief moment of terror as I thought the butt plug had disappeared inside me, until I realised it had fallen out.
A pool of liquid coated the area between our legs and up to my stomach, reaching the bottom of my breasts. My nipples, still clamped tight, actually hurt.
Despite all this, Josh remained hard inside me, and I wanted to keep pleasing him.
I slipped the butt plug back into position, wishing I had left a dildo closer, and turned round, offering Josh a perfect view of my bum, with the jewel-headed plug sparkling in the centre.
I began to bounce up and down again, bending forward, speeding up once more - but my legs had turned to jelly. I couldn't produce the same speed and rhythm as previously, so I contented myself with gently sliding up and down, keeping up the stimulus on him, and letting him enjoy the view. It was probably better than my face, red and sweating, hair plastered all over and gritted teeth.
My orgasm had drained me - literally if the evidence of my juices was to be believed - and after a suitable time, I dismounted.
I rolled off the condom, casting it aside, and removed the ropes.
I started pumping with my hand, desperate to make him cum, and supplemented this by licking and sucking around his shaft, his balls and the swollen, slippery, smooth head. He was moaning, groaning, eyes closed as he writhed as much as possible against his restraints.
Then he went still, and yelled: "Oh christ!"
The first blast was phenomenal, so forceful and plentiful, it almost knocked me back as it hit my face. I thought I must look like one of the women in the bukkake videos that Brenda and I had watched. I enclosed his hole with my mouth as the second spurt exploded - I wanted it to hit my throat, but if I had enclosed the entire head, I knew I would have gagged.
Slowly I drew in more of his spasming cock, holding every drop of cum in my mouth. As he finished, I drew back carefully, sealing my lips around him to avoid leakage. Once I had released him, I turned to the camera and opened my mouth, showing a pool of semen which completely covered my tongue.
My final touch was positively cruel. I placed my face above Josh's, about a foot away, and used my fingers to open his lips. Then I dribbled in what I thought was about half his cum. I swallowed the rest, before commanding him.
"Swallow." He did as instructed, and I looked down at him. "Now, we're bound together for ever, and you can never escape me."
I kissed him, long and deep, pushing down as he responded. Then, I stood and switched off the video camera. I walked back over, removing my butt plug and unfastening the nipple clamps (which were very painful by now). I knelt next to Josh.
"Now. Did my spell work, or do I need to do it all again?"
"It worked," he responded emphatically, "it worked - my god it worked. But if you want to try again some time, that's cool - just not yet. My balls need to reload and my cock needs to recover."
We laughed, and I untied him and released the handcuffs before slipping out the butt plug. Josh stretched his arms, flexing them and his legs to relieve the discomfort of being in one position for so long. Then we went to the bed and lay together.
"I had the most incredible orgasm," I informed him.
He pushed himself up on his elbow and looked down at me before replying:
"No shit, Sherlock. You were wailing like a banshee for about five minutes - and you squirted, all over me."
My eyes widened. So that was the liquid between us - not just sweat and massive flow of juices - I had actually squirted. At first, I didn't believe it, but the camera doesn't lie, and we lay together, watching my stream of liquid jet out several times as I seemed almost possessed. Perhaps my spell had actually worked!
As I watched myself, I wondered how the uptight virgin of little more than a week ago had become the wanton sex-maniac on the screen. Not just that - everyone gets a bit sex-obsessed at the start of a relationship - but I wanted to be vigorously experimental.
I wondered if I would be like my sister in a few years, but dismissed the thought. Debbie sought affirmation by having to prove herself desirable to as many people as possible - not realising, perhaps, that her pussy was what they desired, rather than her. I was comfortable in a relationship which I never saw finishing, and which allowed me to discover myself in every way possible. I was comfortable with that.
We lay together for a while, our silence relaxed rather than difficult, and didn't bother moving for a while.
Eventually, Josh sat up. "Let's tidy up and shower, then we can put our pyjamas on and settle down in front of the TV, looking a picture of innocence when your parents get home."
As we showered in the very cramped space, we talked about our day - first Brenda, then our role play. Josh was very proud of himself. He was young, so rising to the occasion a second time was no problem, but he could hardly believe that he had produced so much cum. I was just proud that in one day we had not only been learners, but teachers as well. I just hoped Brenda found someone to love and cherish her, so she could share my journey.
When mum and dad came in, we were settled in front of an action movie, Josh's arm around me as I rested my head on his shoulder. Our halos might have slipped, but mum and dad didn't notice.
We didn't make love that night - first time since we had been sleeping together - but made up for it the following morning with a vigorous session after my parents went to work. Debbie was fast asleep, and would no doubt have a vicious hangover.
We had arranged to meet Brenda at two o'clock, and were having lunch when Josh suddenly looked up.
"I've got an email from Chris and Connie. They're fine, can't wait to see us again. Wondering if we're online for a chat later. What d'you think?"
I quickly agreed. The last time we saw them, we all had sex together, so this chat would certainly be interesting. I was unsure of the protocol with these things. Did one chat about it openly, or pretend it never happened? I suppose it was a matter of who was involved. Personally, I'd love to discuss it.
With that to look forward to, we went to meet Brenda.
It was quite a surprise. She wore her usual oversize jeans, but had discarded the hoodie. In general, she wore it regardless of weather, but today she stood there in a t-shirt. It hung straight down from her boobs, still making her look large, but it was a definite improvement.
We shopped - and shopped - and shopped. Brenda didn't want just a few new outfits, she was buying a whole wardrobe. She bought jeans which fitted closely, emphasising her bum and her legs. I suggested some 'skinny' jeans, but she felt she wasn't ready for that. Likewise the tops. Instead of buying outsize tops that hung down from her boobs, she bought fitted t-shirts that went over magnificent breasts and back in to her stomach.
She even bought several new sets of underwear, replacing her big cotton knickers and scaffolded bras with skimpy undies - thongs, high-leg, Brazilian and bikini - and bras which let her tits wobble and shimmer. Some were sheer, others half-cup, some lacy or uplift.
Whenever possible, she would nip to a changing room, slip the items on and show Josh and I, requesting an opinion. She even lifted the tops for us to appraise the bras, and her wonderful boobs looked stunning, now being supported in a sexier way. I was so envious of the cleavage when she tried the uplift bra. Josh said he could park his bike in it.
Brenda wanted to show us the panties too, but sadly, shop rules wouldn't allow it.
I encouraged her to go a bit further - buy scoop-neck and other low cut tops, but even though she looked awesome with her cleavage on display, she refused. It was, in part, because she wasn't quite ready to go that far, but also because she identified as Emo, and spectacular cleavage didn't fit the image.
We felt compelled to pop in to the sex shop. Josh and I bought a Truth or Dare card game, which Brenda was desperate to play some time - although it was for four people - and a small whip, which looked fun. Brenda bought a 'bullet' vibrator (to keep in her pocket), and a seven inch rabbit vibrator. Apparently, she had been inserting a few 'household items', and wanted to try something more suited for the task.
We popped into the pub afterwards for a drink, before going our separate ways. Brenda made us promise to do a 'fashion' photoshoot, with her new clothes, and to play truth or dare as soon as she found an appropriate fourth person. We agreed without hesitation.
We arrived home and had a pleasant family meal. For once, everyone was there - even Debbie. Later, mum and dad announced they needed to go and work, which left Debbie, Josh and I together. As soon as we sat down, it was clear Debbie had something to tell us.
"I've got three friends who want photoshoots. They're all happy to pay. Amy and Laura are thinking about doing a bit of modelling to get some cash, and Brett wants some as a birthday present for his boyfriend. There's a few more thinking about it too."
Josh was delighted. "Fantastic, Thanks, Deb. Er... what sort of shoots do they want?"
"Well, I didn't go into details, but I showed them some of mine, so probably something like that."
"Oh!" Josh was still unsure. "Which ones of yours did you show them?"
"A bit of everything really - yes - even the very naughty ones!"
Josh nodded. "So... nude, maybe porn?"
"I s'pose so. They liked the ones of me."
I wondered how many people had seen Debbie's photos, and found it amazing how willingly she shared her body. It was her choice, of course, but I hoped she didn't live to regret her decisions at some point.
Josh was still discussing his new clients.
"So, what are they like?"
"Oh they're lovely," enthused my sister, "you'll like them."
We moved on to other discussions. Debbie had a new boyfriend (surprise) and was trying to persuade him to have photos done, and she knew another couple who might be keen. It seemed that Josh was making a good start as a photographer.
After a while, we drifted away to bed, but ready to chat with Chris and Connie first.
The chat part was quite short.
Chris: Face to face???
You: Sure😊
Josh selected the appropriate icon, and Chris and Connie filled our screen.
"Hi. How's it going?" Connie asked. Behind them was a man about their age, who looked a little uncomfortable, but smiled back at us. "This is Chris's mate, Callum. He popped round and we said he could stay while we chatted. Is that OK?"
Josh and I agreed. He seemed normal enough, and it would have been churlish to kick him out or stop chatting.
We chatted for a while about general matters - laughing and joking, avoiding any mention of what had happened between us previously - unsurprising, with Callum in the background.
After a while, Chris asked: "Have you managed to make any money yet, Josh?"
"Well," Josh replied, a little apprehensively, "I've got some photoshoots set up at twenty quid a time, which is cool."
"Cool," replied Chris, "tell me more." I sensed he had picked up on Josh's reticence, but was not about to let the matter drop.
Josh explained, "It's a couple of Jen's sister's friends. Two of them want model portfolios and one wants pics for his boyfriend. Pretty straightforward stuff."
I think Josh's attempt at casual failed, because Chris began to ask more questions - how did they hear about you? Did you do a shoot with Jen's sister? What sort of modelling? Josh could have lied, of course, but I was rather proud that he chose not to.
"Well, I'm not sure yet. I think glamour, but I know Deb showed them some... more... er..."
He struggled to find the words - 'intimate' or 'raunchy' might have been appropriate, but he clearly preferred not to give away too much. Chris nodded, and was about to move on when Connie chipped in.
"Are you hinting that you did some nude pics of Jen's sister? That's so cool."
Josh laughed, disarmingly.
"Yeah. We told you what she's like, and Jen was OK with it, so yeah - she went all the way." It was a poor choice of words.
"'All the way'? You mean more than nude? And did you and Jen get involved too?"
Josh immediately denied our involvement, but acknowledged that Debbie had done a little more than just pose for artistic nudes. Connie was still intrigued.
"Any more shoots? Obviously Jen - for practice, of course, anyone else?"
"Jen's best friend wanted to try modelling. She's naturally shy, but came out of herself quite a bit."
Maybe this time it was my response, smiling warmly at memories of Brenda, naked legs wide while I feasted on her pussy, that gave it away.
"Ah..." Connie breathed, accusingly, "and did you two get involved in any of these shoots? Maybe a little more than totally professional photographers should?"
Both of us laughed, which totally gave it away. I felt I should clarify.
"Not with my sister. That would've been gross, but we got a bit carried away with my friend."
The three observers laughed, and Callum commented:
"So cool. I love the way you're so open about it - I wouldn't be like that with mates."
Connie turned to him. "Ah, Callum. When Jen and Josh were down here, the four of us had a little fun together, so we're not 'just mates' really."
This seemed to embarrass him a little, and he moved into the background again.
"Are we going to see any of the pics?" Connie asked. "Just so we can check out the quality of the photography?"
Josh instantly became professional. "Sorry. Can't show you without permission - I promised."
This wasn't strictly true, of course, as Debbie had signed a release form, which meant Josh could use the images however he chose, but I suspected he wanted to be discreet.
"How about the ones of Jen?" Connie pushed.
"Well..." he looked at me, and I thought briefly - not about Chris and Connie seeing - I would happily have shared any of our photos with them - but I didn't know Callum. However, if he was their friend, I really didn't mind - as long as the photos stayed on Chris and Connie's computer and weren't shared.
I said this to them, and they agreed immediately, seeming surprised that I thought they might share the photos, and Josh and I started looking for an appropriate one. We eventually agreed on one of me in lingerie outdoors, at the Priory near Josh's home, taken shortly after our foursome with Chris and Connie.
Josh uploaded it, and we watched the reactions.
"Wow, you look incredible," breathed Connie, "is that the Priory? Chris and I fucked there a few times. So cool."
I watched Callum's reaction in particular. Had he been drooling or pervy over it, I would never have agreed to Connie's next request - however, he looked at the photo and nodded, before commenting:
"It's a lovely pic. You've got a great bod and the environment works well. Love it."
The response may have seemed a little luke-warm, but it was better than lecherous comments about my tits or what he'd like to do to me.
Then Connie said, "Is that it? Not very brave. I bet you showed more than that."
I looked at Josh and shrugged. We found another from the same set - leaning, facing a wall with my short dress pulled up as I stuck my bum out. The string between my cheeks was barely visible.
Callum moved forward. "Amazing arse. Sorry. Don't want to be pervy. You look really great. Didn't you get caught?"
I giggled. Having someone new looking at my body was turning me on, and memories of our encounter with a lovely couple shortly after the photo was taken got me feeling very horny.
"Well..." Josh began, "sort of. We made some new friends and they wanted some pics too."
Connie clapped and threw herself backwards. "I knew it - outdoor fucking is the best. I always get horny in secluded places - sometimes not so secluded ones. Come on. Let's see your boobs. They're amazing."
I knew Chris and Connie had videos and photos of our evening 'playing' together which they could have shown Callum, and was grateful for their discretion - but less happy that they seemed to want me to do all the sharing.
"It's hardly fair," I teased, "You three want my boobs, but we don't get to see yours."
Connie turned to Chris. "Have you got any of me on here?"
Chris shook his head and Connie explained that they were at her parents' house, rather than Chris's flat, and she preferred not to keep their intimate photos on her laptop, as she used it for College. Chris was going to put a load on a memory stick for her, but hadn't got around to it. "Typical," she muttered, in a stage whisper.
Then, a thought seemed to strike her. She looked at Chris, then leaned over and whispered. He nodded and whispered something back. Then she turned to the laptop again.
"I'll show you mine if you show us yours."
Then she grabbed the hem of her t-shirt, and without hesitation, lifted it over her head. Callum's jaw dropped - clearly the first time he had seen Connie topless - and he seemed unsure where to look at first, before realising it would be impolite not to look.
Connie had very small breasts, but lovely prominent nipples. Having played with them, I knew full well that were very sensitive, and I found them extremely attractive.
"Right," she smiled, unself-consciously, "your turn." We started to look through the photos, when Connie spoke again. "No. Not a pic. Now!"
Josh and I looked at one another and grinned. I lifted my t-shirt over my head, revealing a nice, push-up bra which gave me a decent cleavage, and was a pretty, lace-trimmed, translucent white.
Connie gazed - I knew she admired my body, and was bisexual, so she loved my B-cup breasts.
"I love that bra," she stated, "gorgeous cleavage. And I can just about see your nipples. Take it off, though."
I felt Josh's hands scrabbling at the fastening, fumbling a couple of times before the pressure loosened and my breasts were released. I put my arms forwards and shrugged the straps off my shoulders, exposing myself to everyone.
Callum went to stand up. "Look," he said, "I can see you guys want to be alone. I'm gonna go, leave you to it."
"No!" Exclaimed Chris and Connie, simultaneously. "Jen and Josh don't mind if you stay, do you?"
It was a genuine question, and we felt under no pressure as we looked at one another. Her presumption was correct. Of course we didn't mind. He was a good-looking guy and seemed pleasant - and more to the point, I was getting turned on sharing my body with someone new - and so was Josh.
Callum sat down again, gazing at my breasts and erect nipples, as were Chris and Connie.
"You look amazing," breathed Connie - just as good as I remember. I thought I was idealising you, but..."
She trailed off. Chris smiled. "I think you look fabulous too, Jen - just don't get quite as lost as Connie. Definitely gets me going."
"Me too," Callum agreed, "you're really lovely. I reckon you could make it as a model."
I laughed, very flattered, but knowing that my ambitions lay elsewhere. I thanked all of them, and found Callum's next remark especially pleasing.
"Hey, Josh. You're pics really do justice to her. You're talented, man. Seeing the real thing's better, but she's lucky you're so good."
I was delighted that he had included Josh, as I had become aware that he might feel rather side-lined. He was naturally quiet, and could have been forgotten if not for Callum's thoughtfulness. Because of this, Josh moved up close beside me and put his arm round my shoulders - lovingly, rather than possessively.
Connie laughed. "We're being really unfair, Jen, getting these guys so horny. I bet they're rock hard now."
She reached across, and grabbed the front of both Chris' and Callum's jeans.
"Yep - both hard!" She giggled.
We laughed as Callum jumped back - his face a picture of shock.
I could see where things were heading, and decided to join Connie in her teasing.
"It's hardly fair that we're sitting here topless," I pouted, "I think the men should join us."
Josh and Chris had no hesitation, whipping their t-shirts off in the blink of an eye. Callum paused, unsure what was going on, but Connie had decided, and she grabbed him, threatening to undress him herself, before he took responsibility.
He was less muscular than Chris or Josh, but his stomach and chest were pleasant to look at, a small crop of hair around each nipple and a slight hint of muscle on his stomach.
"Hey!" Connie cried, excitedly, "how about Spin the Bottle? If it points to us, you get to dare one of us - or all of us, if it's at you, we get to dare."
I barely needed to look at Josh to know he was up for it, and we agreed readily. Connie grabbed a bottle, put it where we could see, and spun it. It pointed to us.
"Jen. Take off those jeans and show us your sexy ass," sang Connie.
I looked annoyed, but was anything but as I slipped off my jeans and turned round, wiggling my bum at them. My knickers were small, but not a thong, so while they got quite an eyeful, they could have seen more.
Next spin. We lose again. Connie clapped her hand and rolled back on the floor.
"Jen... lose those knickers."
"Oi! Not fair," I mock-moaned, "what about Josh?"
"Plenty of time," smiled Connie, "knickers - now, please."
I slipped my panties off, showing as little as possible. It wasn't that I wanted to hide things away, but as Connie said, there was 'plenty of time'.
Next time we won and Connie lost her jeans. She was wearing a thong, and twerked sexily at us - then at the wide-eyed Callum.
We lost, and the men on the screen looked to Connie.
"Tempted though I am to tell you to show us your pussy, Jen," she started, "I'm not sure I'm that cruel. But maybe I am. Go on, Jen, show us - legs wide, open those lips."
Josh angled the camera so that I could lie back, spread my legs and let them see everything. I gave them a few seconds looking at my lips, before dropping my hand down and using fingers to spread them wide. As I did, I brushed my clit with my middle finger, sending a shiver through my body. I lay there, allowing them to have a nice long look.
Finally I sat up, only for the bottle to point at us again.
"That bloody things cheating," I objected, but our friends just laughed.
"OK," Connie grinned, "Josh - let Jen take off your trousers - but - she has to have her arse pointing at the camera and stay on her knees."
This meant they would have a full view of my pussy and bum. It hardly seemed fair, but I was sure it would all balance out.
"Mmm..." teased Connie as I did as requested, "someone's a very wet girl."
There was laughter at the other end, as I moved away, throwing Josh's trousers aside as he sat, erection very obvious beneath his boxers.
Thankfully, the bottle was not as treacherous as I had suggested, and we won the next two spins. I could have picked on Connie, but decided, instead, to involve Callum far more. I told Connie to remove both men's trousers, which she did willingly, nodding approvingly at what looked a decent appendage beneath Callum's underwear.
We won again. This time, I made Connie stand, while the men removed her knickers - one each side, using their teeth.
By now, Callum had lost his initial shyness, and was clearly starting to enjoy the fun. He could easily have left up to this point, but it seemed he was very game.
Another win for us - and this time, we decided to get one of the men naked. I was keen to see Callum, as he certainly looked well-endowed, but instead chose Chris to spare Callum's blushes - briefly.
Then Josh lost his boxers. It was nice to have him naked as well, and very tempting to touch him, but I held off. Plenty of time.
Then we stripped Callum - or Connie did - using her teeth, bum to camera, she dragged his boxers down, his bouncing cock in her face. Callum was certainly well endowed - probably similar to Josh, but looking larger due to his slim frame. Unlike Josh and Chris (who had clearly been persuaded by Connie}, Callum had a thick bush of pubic hair, which almost totally obscured his balls.
Everyone was naked now. The real fun could begin.
Things continued for a while with fun dares - Connie stroked both men's cocks, I stroked and sucked Josh. Both she and I lay back and masturbated for our audiences. At this point, things could go one of two ways: either we could go ahead, have sex and say goodnight once everyone was sated, or things could push in a more kinky direction.
Connie and I had been leading things to this point, enjoying teasing the men and looking at one another's bodies in a celebration of our bisexuality. It was Callum who forced the issue. He had steadily become more confident, and was clearly curious about how far our experimentation had gone. Suddenly, before Connie got chance to deliver one of her teasing dares, he blurted out:
"What's the top three kinkiest things you two have done?"
The game had changed from 'dares' to 'truth' - usually the less threatening of the options - but not any more.
Josh and I looked at one another, considering, perhaps, if honesty would be the best policy, or if we should just make something up. It would have been easy to talk about our foursome with Chris and Connie, and maybe the shoot with Brenda, but we both knew that there were other times when we had gone further.
Eventually, Josh took a decision.
"If we're totally honest about this, you've got to be totally honest back. OK?"
Connie giggled, and agreed, followed by Callum and Chris.
Josh told them about our meeting with Celeste and Marcus, outdoors at the Priory. How Celeste and I had posed for his camera, separately and together, and how he had cum with Celeste while I had merrily swallowed Marcus's load. It was our first (only) experience with an Afro-Caribbean couple, and had been wonderful. We both wanted to experience others of different races. Not that they were any different, but it was intriguing.
Next we spoke of how he tied and blindfolded me, teasing my body with many things - ice, candle wax, vegetables - before spanking me with a paddle and a switch.
Finally we recounted our role play from the previous evening - how I had 'put a spell' on him, while he was bound and totally submissive.
They lapped it up, and as we finished, sat in silence, until Connie burst to life, grabbing her knees and rolling on her back (giving a lovely view of her wet, pouting lips and the little dark hole of her bum), laughing out loud before looking directly into the camera and saying:
"You dirty bitch! I thought you were so naïve and innocent. Brilliant! I love you!"
We all laughed, and the next spin of the bottle saw us asking the same questions.
Connie and Chris had tried bondage too - but only for her. Callum likewise had tied up and spanked girlfriends. The evening with Josh and I was part of Connie and Chris's top three, followed by exhibitionism - they liked to dare each other when they went to public places. Connie wore revealing clothes and would allow people quick 'flashes'.
Callum struggled to think of other examples, and listed the ongoing events of this evening, before confessing that his sex life must have been very dull.
Fantasies came next, the bottle spinning having been forgotten. I confessed to wanting to develop my exhibitionist streak. I wanted to try role play in public, which would lead to plenty of people seeing more of me than I had ever revealed before. Chris asked why I simply hadn't gone to the naturist club, and swingers' club with my aunt and uncle.
I considered my answer, because it was a fair question. In many ways, it was easy to explain.
"I want to shock people," I said, "not upset them or anything, just surprise them. I like the idea of making people horny - especially if they know they can't have me. I'd hate to make anyone feel uncomfortable or show anyone who didn't want to see me, but it'd be fun."
"Like a stripper?" Connie asked. "I've imagined myself doing that. You'd be amazing. They wouldn't want my tiny tits."
I thought. "No. I've imagined it, but loads of pervy men all thinking they could fuck me if they just asked - or just help themselves - no. More teasing. Make them horny for their own wives or girlfriends - or just for a good wank."
Connie nodded. "I always fancied bukkake. Not being fucked by lots of men - just have them wanking on me so I'm covered in cum. Perhaps drink a glass of it - not sure about that. Just the idea of being a wank object for them. It'll never happen. Even if someone offered, I'd need to be paralytic drunk and paid a fuck-load of cash. Even then... nah... unless I could select just good looking guys who I'd interviewed and background checked."
She giggled. "Mine'll never happen. Yours though... could do it. Bet Josh'd like it too."
I glanced at my partner, who raised his eyebrows and nodded at me. He smiled and took a deep breath.
"Mine's CFNM," Josh admitted, "just appeals to me. Several women, me naked and just letting them use me. I love the idea. We sort of did it with Jen's friend, and it was a huge turn on. The idea of four or five women... oh yeah."
I thought about this. If Josh was considering making my fantasy happen, perhaps I could help with his. I didn't have that many friends who I'd trust in a situation like that, but it was something to consider.
Callum stated that what was happening was one of his fantasies coming true, but he went further, saying he wished he had a girlfriend to take part as well. He liked the idea of two girls 'taking care' of him. Then he went quiet. We all waited, sensing there was more, and in due course, he continued.
"Not sure I should say this in front of Chris, but I'm bi-curious. I'd love to try with another guy. I love it when my arse is played with, and I'd love to suck another man. So yeah - foursome where everyone's bi. It'd be cool."
We all looked to Chris, but rather than address Callum's admission, he spoke about his own fantasy.
"Same as Josh. I'd love that."
Connie turned to the camera with a sly grin.
"Jen," she stage-whispered, "message me in private. We gotta talk, babe."
These fantasies had made us all rather horny again. As much as anything, I felt, because some of them had a reasonable likelihood of coming true. If fantasies came true, did that mean they needed new fantasies to replace them? I idly considered what my replacement might be. At that point, I had no real idea.
"Did you take pics of all your kinky times?" Chris asked. "You said you did with the couple at the Priory, but what about the others? I know Josh loves his camera."
"Well," I admitted, "we videoed last night's role play. Sorry. It's not edited so you can't see it yet, even if we decided to show you, and the bondage one wasn't photographed, so..."
"Er," interrupted Josh, "actually, I might have taken some pics."
I swung round. "Seriously? Why didn't you show me?" I was angry initially, and glared at Josh.
"Well," he replied, sheepishly, "I thought I ought to. In case we never did it again. I loved it, and if you hated it, then... well... I just wanted to have something to remember it."
Chris, Connie and Callum were laughing. "You mean," giggled Connie, "you wanted something to wank with when you're back at Uni."
My anger dissipated. I suppose what he said was fair - and if he wanted something to wank with, why not? I smiled and made sure Josh realised that he was not in trouble by gently grabbing his erection and stroking it.
"Well, come on then," said Chris.
"What?" asked Josh, confused.
"Let's see the pics. Jen hasn't seen them, and I bet she wants to."
Josh looked at me, and I could see no reason to refuse the request. Frankly, I wanted to see these photos. I wondered what I looked like. Then I had an evil thought.
"What's it worth?" I asked.
"Anything," Chris replied, name it."
I considered carefully. "Anything? So we show the pics and you'll do anything?"
"Sure. As long as it doesn't hurt and happens in this room, on cam, I'm up for it."
He looked at Connie and Callum, who both nodded.
Josh opened the folder with the photos, and there I was. Splayed out, tied and blindfold. There were shots of my whole body, and close-ups. My pussy, with ice between my labia, melting to water, running down to my bum. My nipple, coated in wax, Josh's cock, deep in my throat, then my pussy again, a vibrator pushed deep inside.
Then a new position. Tied again, this time with my bum up in the air. My cheeks parted by Josh's fingers, showing my back passage - and then, the paddle, apparently striking my bum - and my cheeks turning redder and redder, until the scarlet glow left no doubt as to what had been happening.
As our friends surveyed the images, I waited to tell them what I required in return.
I have to say, I had appreciated seeing the photos myself - it was certainly a few angles I hadn't seen before, and my arse so red and sore made me wonder how I had found it so pleasurable - yet I had. I looked at some of those images again, and, yes, the slick lubricant covered my pussy lips (very swollen and visible) and ran across my thighs. I very clearly liked it.
I looked at the screen, watching the avid faces, as they pointed at specific photos, awestruck.
"Those are so fucking horny," breathed Connie, "incredible. You're one hot chick."
"Now," I stated, calling their attention to me, "I believe you owe me. I think you said 'anything', didn't you?"
"You deserve it," replied Chris, "and I trust you not to do anything too awful."
I grinned. I was very aware of Josh looking at me, wondering what I had planned. He knew I could have some quite 'exploratory' moments, and that I loved encouraging others to explore, but I'm not sure he quite expected what I was about to ask for.
"OK. In return for seeing the photos, I want to see something I haven't seen before. Callum and Chris. I want you guys to stroke each other, and suck each other. Don't cum - wouldn't be fair on Connie - but just some man on man fun. Connie, I got plans for you too."
I hadn't asked the two men to have full sex. Firstly, I wasn't sure if Chris would actually be up for that; secondly, safety had to be the priority, and I preferred not to take risks. Regardless, Chris looked stunned.
Connie laughed and clapped. It was typical of her, that she was open to every experience, and I knew she liked the idea that Josh and I had, that if one partner wanted something, the other should be willing to do it as well. She moved back to give them space and to get a better view. She also grabbed her phone to take pictures.
Chris recovered himself quickly and turned to Callum. "Well. We promised. Not really my thing, but never mind. Are you OK with it?"
Callum nodded. I sensed that, not only was he OK with it, he was positively relishing it.
Chris reached tentatively, his hand slowing as it approached the erect organ in front of him. He looked at it, before touching with his fingertips. He pulled his hand back, then returned it - open this time, wrapping gently around the shaft.
He stroked slowly as Callum, willingly, reached out and took a firm grip. The men stroked one another, gradually becoming more confident, and it was clear that each was using the pressure which they preferred to use on themselves. They worked slowly, aware that ejaculating was not allowed - and not wanting to anyway, as I had suggested Connie's involvement in that part.
It was Callum who leaned forward and took Chris in his mouth first. He did not hold back, taking the soft head between his lips and taking a couple of inches of shaft. Slowly, he worked up and down, as Chris closed his eyes and put his head back, clearly enjoying the experience.
For a few minutes, as Chris breathed deeply, resting on his elbows, I thought he was going to shoot his load straight into Callum's throat. Suddenly, however, he sat up and gently pushed the young man back, saying: "Shit. Gotta stop. My turn."
As before, he was apprehensive. He tested the head of Callum's penis with his tongue, to check out the taste, then touched it with his lips, pulling back at first, before lowering his head to engulf the tumescence. He took less into his mouth than Callum had, and moved his head up and down gently and less rhythmically - however, Callum quickly stopped him - not pushing him away, but holding his head still.
Connie smiled. "I think they tasted precum. That was so cool. I know the guys like watching us girls together, but I'd never thought I'd find it such a turn on."
Chris grinned sheepishly. His feelings were hard to read, but he didn't seem repulsed by it. Perhaps I had introduced them to some new aspect of sexuality to enjoy. Callum's feelings were clear. He smiled happily. He had accepted his bisexuality, and this had just confirmed what he already knew.
Now Connie's turn. She had led the sexual play all evening, including picking on me initially - although I had rather enjoyed it. I decided, therefore, to pick on her - but also knowing that she, too, would love what I had in mind.
"OK, girlfriend," I smirked, "on your hands and knees. One guy in front, one behind. Then swap. If you're OK with it, DP and the grand finale - might not be ten guys, but the two of them can cover your face."
"Shit!" Breathed Connie. "You really are a bad girl. I love it."
She dropped to hands and knees, ready. Callum and Chris exchanged a look, deciding who would start where, before Chris pointed his cock at her mouth, while Callum knelt behind her. They entered simultaneously.
Connie was stuck. Chris was not one to just let her suck, and she could hardly shift back and forth, so he fucked her mouth vigorously. I heard her whimper, not so much in pain as effort, as Chris's full length entered her throat. Callum plunged in and out furiously at the back.
Connie went rigid, her spine flexed, pushing her bum up into Callum, while her head dragged Chris's cock down. I knew she was having an orgasm, but was unable to cry out or thrash as she might have done normally.
The two men stopped, made brief eye contact and swapped positions. In the brief hiatus, Connie gasped for breath, before muttering, "Oh fuck" as her mouth and pussy were filled again.
Chris only fucked her briefly before withdrawing, and I wondered if he was too close to finishing - but no. He had coated himself in her slick, free-flowing juices, and was now angling at her other hole, pressing himself against her anus, and slowly entering.
Connie pushed back, taking him deep inside. I knew she liked anal, and this would prepare her for the final part of my demand. It was probably for the best.
Her pussy was literally dripping, and I don't think her orgasm had fully subsided when the men needed to withdraw. Their contributions had been quick - necessarily so, I suspected, as they must have been very, very close to filling her at both ends.
Once again, the men looked at each other - now deciding who got pussy and who got arse. It was Connie who decided.
She manoeuvred Chris onto his back, and mounted him, while Callum moved above her. It was tricky, but she managed it. Both men were deep inside her, and although they could barely move, she was fully penetrated. It probably needed working on to make it more comfortable, but even the clumsy movements were enough for Connie to hyperventilate and moan.
Ultimately, both men stood while Connie knelt between them, fingering her clit furiously, desperate to bring herself to the orgasm which was so close. As they jerked off over her face, finishing rapidly and copiously, she climaxed, head back, mouth wide, allowing both cocks to point inside simultaneously as they sprayed the final spurts of cum into her throat.
Once more, her cries were impeded by a mouthful of cock (swapping from one to the other part way through), and the cum in her throat, producing a strange 'gargling' effect.
It was several minutes before any of them were ready to speak. Chris and Callum flopped to the side, while Connie remained where she was, gasping, shivering occasionally, her hand, smothered in her juices, casually stroking her clit with none of the previous vigour, but enough pressure on the sensitive little button to send an occasional tremor through her body.
Eventually, she opened her eyes and stared into the camera. A smile formed and her eyes glittered with pleasure, before she used her free hand to slide the dripping semen on her face into her mouth, even gathering a couple of drops which had fallen onto her nipple.
"Wow!" She exclaimed. "That was... totally unforgettable. My brain is still spinning."
She lifted the hand that had been between her legs, and licked her nectar off it, clearly loving the taste. I couldn't blame her. I had tasted her, and she was as palatable as any fine wine.
"Glad you enjoyed it," I smirked, "I think the boys did too."
She looked at the spent men either side of her, who looked incapable of speech.
"Wha'd'you think? Anyway. We still need to get you off. How should we do that? Just one guy. Hmm..."
She thought, before apparently coming to a decision.
"I think, as these guys got to play with each other, perhaps we should let them see Josh being a bit bi. Get a dildo and some lube. Unless you've got a strap on. Let's see him take a dildo up his arse. Then we'll move on to you."
I knew Josh wouldn't mind this. We both liked anal play, and while he had never had a full dildo inside him, he had managed a butt plug before.
We considered the best position for this, before deciding that all fours would probably be easiest, and I coated the dildo first, before putting the slimy fluid on my finger and applying it directly to his little, dark hole. I inserted my finger, just to loosen him up a little, before pressing the dildo into the correct place.
Slowly and steadily, it entered - it was only about six inches long, with a pair of balls at the end (I chose it for this reason - didn't want to lose it) - and gently slid it in and out.
I knew it was rubbing directly over his prostate, and could feel him gasping for breath as he became stimulated. Suddenly, an odd thing happened. He stiffened and cried out, grabbing the dildo so hard that I couldn't move it. For one horrible moment, I thought he had cum, and checked his cock, expecting to see his creamy spurts. There were none.
Connie clapped, "Woohoo! Good job! Now. You gonna get the same as me - just with a vib. Josh is gonna fuck your face while you do your pussy. So cool. We get to see it so clearly. Then he can fuck you while you clean up the vib."
Mmm... I loved the idea, and lay back, head supported on pillows so Josh could kneel and thrust, while I pushed my new, large vibrator inside me, filling my pussy, while the other piece curled over the top onto my clit.
Josh face-fucked me vigorously, making me gag as I pushed the large sex toy in and out. My pussy and clit were on fire, while my head was mercilessly pounded. I felt my orgasm approach, sneaking up on my rattled brain and gradually extinguishing the fear of suffocating, gagging or just being damaged as it bounced around.
I nearly squeezed the vib out, and imagined it spiralling through the air, like some comedy space rocket, landing directly on the camera which shared our sex. I was almost proud that I still had the presence of mind to keep it in place. The orgasm was incredible. The fact that I was gagging on cock, as Josh held my head and pistoned in and out, leaving me helpless, intensified the experience. Maybe it was the difficulty breathing, or just the vulnerability. Whatever, I lost myself.
When I returned to earth, Connie was clapping, and Chris and Callum stared intently. No surprise, I suppose. My pussy was facing the camera, and they would have been able to see every detail of the vibrator inside me, the little 'ears' on top lifting my clit, and Josh filling my mouth. But it was only when Connie cried:
"You squirted. I love it. That was so great. It went fucking everywhere."
I think I blushed. Odd, I guess, that this should make me blush after everything else, but I still felt, somehow, that it was hardly 'ladylike'.
"OK, babe," continued Connie, "just DP and then Josh can finish off."
In some ways, the vib in my pussy and Josh's erect cock in my bum (so we didn't need to interrupt the flow by putting on a condom) was almost an anti-climax, and I felt it was something to try again in future. It felt incredible, and in my hugely sensitive state, I loved every second - but it was too quick. Josh needed to cum, and in my tight arse, he could not have lasted long.
I chose to lie back to take the cum on my face and in my mouth, masturbating myself to another orgasm (less powerful, but still head-spinningly amazing). Again, I made sure every detail of my yawning hole, my swollen clit and labia, and my dark, puckered anus were visible, as Josh came copiously on my face, my hair and then hitting my throat as I sucked him dry.
Unlike Connie, who just swallowed, I pushed the strands from my face into my mouth, before approaching the camera. I opened my mouth wide, showing the collected semen inside, before closing my lips, gulping and opening wide again. My mouth was empty. All gone. Wasn't I a good girl?
I think we would all have stayed there forever, waiting for the men to be ready for round two, and seeing if we could keep pushing boundaries, but all good things come to an end. Or have to be postponed until round two anyway. For us, the end was signified by a sharp tap on the door, and Debbie's urgent whisper:
"For fuck's sake shut up. I know what you're up to, but if mum and dad catch on, you'll be in deep shit. Anyway I wanna sleep."
We all giggled quietly. Debbie had a point, time had passed quickly, and it was very late. If we woke mum and dad, they would not be pleased.
We said our farewells, but not without one more little surprise.
"That was so cool," said Chris, "good job I recorded it. D'you want a copy?"
I think my jaw hit the floor, but Josh remained calm. "Sure," he said, "do you want a copy of ours?"
Everyone laughed. Connie and I had no idea that our boyfriends had been recording everything. Apparently, they had agreed to while arranging the video call. I was delighted. Watching the threesome back would be a lot of fun. I felt we got the better of the deal. Plus, of course, I had now squirted twice. Both times recorded on video.
We were knackered, and although the sexual high lasted a little longer as we cuddled and giggled in bed, it crashed like a sugar high, well before we were ready for another passionate exchange. That would have to wait until morning.
We slept late again, and were only awoken by the excited ringing of my phone, shortly before ten o'clock. It was Brenda.
"I've met someone," she blurted out excitedly, "can you come and meet them? I think you'll like them."
I was tempted to delay this get-together, but Brenda was determined, so we agreed to get together for coffee, at one of the multitude of chain coffee shops which had sprung up, later in the afternoon.
This allowed time for gentle, passionate love-making, followed by showers and lunch, then the traipse into town.
We arrived first and selected a quiet table which would allow conversation which could not be overheard. We ordered coffee and cake, and did not have long to wait until Brenda arrived, followed by pleasant looking person, who at first glance seemed androgynous.
They were average height, short hair, dyed black, wearing black hoodie and jeans. They were very slim - almost too slim - with delicate facial features.
They went to the counter and grabbed coffee before coming to join us. Brenda was excited.
"Do you remember Lacey from school?" She asked me.
I looked at the person with her, smiling shyly at us, and a vague memory stirred.
Lacey was a girl who had always been small for her age. She had been horribly bullied by those who felt they were entitled to do such things. She had finally left when one of these people had pushed her down the stairs and she sustained some quite serious injuries. I know that Brenda and I had rushed to help her at the time, and identified the mocking morons who looked down at us.
The school did nothing, and we became pariahs. It was one of the things that brought us closer.
I wasn't surprised to find Brenda with a woman. She had never 'come out' as gay, but neither had she been very interested in men. Even when we watched porn, she talked about the attractions of women more than men. In truth, I think my friend was just very open to all people. It was one of the things I most liked about her, and perhaps the best description of her sexuality would be pansexual. On reflection, I guess that would be the best description of me.
We chatted for a while, asking where they met, what Lacey had done after leaving school - general conversation. I liked Lacey. She was open and honest. She had left school due to bullying. It had been going on outside school as well, and the police had been involved. She transferred to a different school, where she had been supported, and, as she put it, 'allowed to be true to herself'.
She elucidated. "For a while, I identified as male, and believed I was transgender. Then I realised this wasn't right. I certainly knew I wasn't psychologically female, even if I was assigned female at birth. Neither was I gender-neutral. I identify as gender-fluid now. So my gender varies from situation to situation and time to time. That's the simple explanation. I use 'they-them' pronouns.
"That's why I was targeted by bullies. They hate LGBTQ people. I'm just me. I wish people wouldn't attach labels."
And that is exactly what they were - just them. A pleasant, easily approachable person, whose honesty and self-awareness really appealed to me - and to Josh, if the way he joined the conversation and included Lacey like an old friend was anything to go by.
Lacey and Brenda had met by total coincidence. Brenda's mum worked with Lacey's mum, and they had bumped into each other in town. Brenda and Lacey had recognised one another, and there was an immediate chemistry - they liked the same music and TV, had similar interests, and were drawn to one another.
They left their mothers to drink coffee and went off to do some shopping on their own, and ended up kissing. Rather like Josh and I, they had moved on to discussing sex quite rapidly, and Lacey had confessed that it was a challenging area for them. They were happy to have sex in a female role (with men or women), but also enjoyed sex in a male role (once again, with either gender).
From there, the obvious discussion ensued - how could Lacey adopt a male role, without male genitals to fulfil the basic penetration required? It turned out that, in fact, Lacey had no sexual experience, but, like Brenda and I, had explored everything with the help of freely available porn. This had made them conclude that, if they wished to have sex in a male role, they would require an artificial phallus - a strap-on.
Brenda and Lacey became very close over the afternoon, and had talked about having sex (Brenda being spurred on by her encounter with Josh and I). In female roles, this would be straightforward - however, if Lacey were to be in a male role, they would need to go shopping. While Josh and Lacey were deep in conversation, Brenda quietly asked me if I could take them to the sex shop to buy a strap-on - they were too shy to go on their own.
So it happened, that while Lacey had to go home, and Josh decided to pop to the camera shop to look at lenses and other camera related things, Brenda and I found ourselves surrounded by lingerie, vibrators, sexy outfits and butt plugs. Our shopping trip was brief, and we walked out with two strap-ons. Brenda had been a little surprised when I bought one for myself, but accepted my statement, that Josh wanted to experience anal for himself, without surprise.
We chatted about Lacey, and I commented how pleased I was that Brenda's choice of partner had been unconventional, and very much what she wanted, rather than a conventional, good-looking man, who would appeal to her parents. They had named her Brenda - a dreadfully dated name - because, they said, they wanted their daughter to grow up with the traditional values of their parents.
Brenda had decided that, if she and Lacey were going to have sex together, it would follow a similar pattern to Josh and I. In line with that, they had planned to get together that evening and share the things that excited them, and begin exploring one another's bodies. It sounded a good idea to me.
She then asked if they could visit Josh and I to benefit from our experiences. I felt it would be a little odd, but why not? We arranged, therefore, to get together the next day and spend time together.
A little later, I met Josh again and Brenda went home to prepare for her evening with Lacey.
As we walked home, Josh explained that, at University, he had a friend who was transgender, and other friends who were gender neutral, or identified as part of the LGBTQ+ community. He was very familiar with the various gender identities and sexualities, and the experiences of those who lived these lives. Like me, he felt that being true to themselves made these people special, and he held them in high esteem, respecting them and their decision to be true to themselves. He was looking forward to getting to know Lacey better.
We spent the rest of the day quietly. Not only were we seeing Lacey and Brenda, but Josh had a photoshoot with one of Debbie's friends the following day, so we wanted to be rested. We made love that night, without sex toys or anything else unconventional - hands first, then oral and a few different positions before I swallowed his semen and we settled down to sleep. This was as 'vanilla' as we got.
The following morning we made love again. The only little 'kink' we added was some spanking as Josh took me 'doggy-style', and anal. We considered these very minor deviations, and, in truth, we knew that many couples enjoyed these things frequently.
We set up lighting for Josh's photoshoot, including his new strobe light, which would flash as his camera took the photo, and some new backdrops. I especially liked the green screen, which enabled him to add different backgrounds using editing software. Along with the new lens, which Josh insisted would improve the quality of the images, this was looking like a far more professional set up.
Debbie's friend was lovely. She wanted to find work as a plus-size model, and certainly had the necessary attributes. Her full figure was very curvy - more so than Debbie - large boobs, extra weight around her stomach, wide hips and generous buttocks. Everything about her flowed and rippled.
Her face was extremely pretty, with sparkling, blue eyes, full lips and a ready smile. Her hair was carefully styled to frame her features, falling in ringlets to her shoulders.
She was well prepared for her shoot, both in terms of outfits and poses. Unlike those of us who had posed for Josh before, she struck her poses vigorously, thrusting where she needed to thrust, reaching and stretching where she needed to reach and stretch. Her face morphed into expressions, exaggerating her mood.
Although this was her first shoot, everything about her screamed 'professional'. I had no doubt that she would find work as a model. As she said herself, there were thousands of 'skinny' girls thinking they were the next supermodel, but larger women tended to be more body-conscious, so there was less competition - although still more than enough in a field with less work.
She began wearing full outfits, which enhanced her curves beautifully - especially her bountiful cleavage and rounded bum. She changed to lingerie, sexy and exotic, not hiding her flesh, but enhancing it - openly stating that she was proud of her extra pounds, and happy to share them with others.
After a while in corsets, diaphanous camis and stockings, she disregarded her top, allowing her plentiful boobs to fall out, firm and proudly swelling with large, diffuse areolae and small nipples.
There she stopped. She knew exactly what she wanted, had no wish to pose naked and we had no desire to push her further. She was a perfect professional.
Josh loved the experience. It was entirely non-sexual. Even when she was wearing nothing but a thong, there was no sign that she would get carried away, and, as Josh pointed out, while she was lovely, and the photos would look excellent, his sole focus was the camera. The session had been detached and unstimulating - and yet the results would be very sexy indeed to those who enjoyed the fuller figure.
After her departure, little more than ninety minutes after her arrival, we left the lighting and ate a quick, casual lunch before Brenda and Lacey arrived.
They appeared on time, Brenda in a tightly fitted t-shirt, which made her boobs look amazing, and jeans which hugged her hips. She was so different from the baggy-clothed emo, hiding herself away, that I had known for so many years. Lacey wore almost identical clothes to those they wore the previous day, making them look even slimmer than they actually were.
We had bought some beer to help the flow of conversation around the tricky subject of sex, but, as we learned, there was little need.
We chatted lightly for a while, laughing and sharing anecdotes, before Brenda said:
"Can we talk about sex? Like - how you got started and well... where it's led to now. Lacey and I talked about it and we think you guys got it right. Please. Lacey knows about our photoshoot - I haven't shown them all the pics cos I wanted your permission first, but they know everything."
I looked at Josh and started at the beginning.
"Well. First we were naked together. We showed each other how we liked to... pleasure ourselves."
"You mean," interrupted Lacey, "you watched each other wank?"
I had no idea why I'd been so coy at first. 'Pleasure ourselves', indeed. I needed to be more straightforward.
"Yes. We watched each other wank. I showed Josh all my parts, then how to touch them, and he did the same for me. Then we used our hands on each other. We watched porn for ideas and used those along with what we learned about one another. Then the same with oral, and then full sex."
Lacey nodded. "Cool. Sounds good. We need to do that. And after that, you just kept fucking?"
"Not really," I explained. "We tried anal - I like it. Then we met friends of Josh and played with them. That was my first lesbian experience. Then we tried bondage, met another couple - then Bren, of course, tried spanking - I adore it. We did role play and last night watched two male friends playing and saw our female friend try DP."
Lacey seemed unfazed, just nodding as I spoke, and it seemed odd that they were still totally inexperienced - thought when I thought about myself, I realised that attitude was that of someone who had considered all the potential of sex before trying it for real.
Brenda spoke. "We want to try things out. For a start, we're both pansexual, so if we stay monogamous, we're not going to be totally satisfied. Plus Lacey... well... being gender fluid has an impact on sexuality, and we feel we should experience things to identify what really turns us on. We're pansexual, so open to all genders and gender identities - but we don't know exactly what's gonna turn us on to the max... if you know what I mean."
I did. There was having sex and achieving orgasms - then there was rampant fucking, and screaming orgasms, with squirting and being utterly transported. Both worked, but enjoying the latter from time to time added spice.
"We wondered," Lacey mumbled, apprehensively, "if you'd help us. Y'know - how did you add the bits from porn to your own wanking techniques? And how did Josh learn oral? Plus... I have body issues. Gender dysphoria and body dysphoria go hand in hand... and I did things I regret when I was being bullied."
Now Josh spoke, having listened carefully to the conversation. "I know what you mean. My trans friends at Uni have been through similar stuff. I think I know what you're saying, too. Look. There's no judgment here. Do you want us all to share our bodies?"
It was Brenda who nodded. "Yeah. We thought... well... if we started with you, then we can go it alone. You had a head start, sort of, with your parents and the naturism - and Jen - you had Debbie. We've not had that - so... well... plus, us three have been naked together. Lacey can catch up."
Josh and I exchanged a quick glance and communicated our agreement, and then moved to the tricky problem of 'who first'? Logically, I suppose, me or Brenda. We had been naked together many times before - plus Lacey was still physically female, so had the same parts as me. I still felt some discomfort about stripping in front of new people, however, so proposed we make it a bit more random.
I got a pack of cards and shuffled them. "Seven or less take something off," I proposed. "After that, one loss and show all the details. If it's one of us with female parts, open up and show everything. Josh - get hard, talk about cock and balls. Next loss, stroke and talk for a minute. Third time, masturbate to orgasm. OK?"
Everyone agreed, so we got started.
Lacey, of course, was wearing more than the rest of us - specifically, their hoodie, and I hoped they did not have a run of really bad luck. I would rather be naked and stroking myself than have them be embarrassed.
On the first round, it was just Brenda and I who lost, pulling off our t-shirts. Brenda wore one of her new bras, and her boobs looked amazing. Her tits were pressed together, showing a large amount of cleavage, which drew admiring looks from the other three in the room.
Next time round, it was me, Josh and Lacey. Josh showed his gorgeous, toned chest and flat stomach, while I lost my shorts, revealing matching bra and knickers - white and silky with a lace trim.
Lacey wore a t-shirt which was as baggy as their hoodie. Their arms were thin and pale, and what was evident was that their chest was quite flat, and they were very slim. We had surmised this, but now we had some evidence.
Next round, I found a Queen, while the other three turned up very low cards.
Brenda stripped off her jeans, and Josh his shorts, leaving him in just his boxers. Lacey gazed at the three of us.
"Shit," they almost whispered, "you're all so lovely. Bren. I knew you were gorgeous, and I never cared what was under your clothes anyway. I just feel... well... you're gonna be disappointed."
We quickly rallied round, explaining that the point of this wasn't comparison, but openness and sharing. We really wanted Lacey to be comfortable with this. After some talk and persuasion, I think we got our point across.
Next time, it was just Lacey and I. I reached behind me and unhooked my bra before dropping it aside. Lacey looked at my average sized titties and erect nipples, then considered what to remove. Had it been me, I would probably have lost the jeans.
Lacey's hands went to the belt around their waist, then hesitated, deciding instead to remove their t-shirt. This revealed a garment rather like a sports bra - restricting, holding their breasts in with firm, elasticated fabric which extended almost to their waist.
"It's a binder," they explained, "It holds my tits in and keeps my chest flat. Not that I've really got tits to talk about."
They sat hunched over, so it looked as if the binder reached the top of their jeans, hiding their stomach. I felt sad that their body issues made them like this.
Next round saw me spared from being the first one naked. That privilege fell to Josh, who briskly removed his boxers, revealing a semi-hard penis. Lacey stared with open envy. They liked this evidence of manhood, and, once more, I sympathised that this little tube of flesh was all that caused such disruption to their life, and prevented them being who they truly wanted to be.
Brenda slipped off her panties, showing the neat runway which we had left. Lacey spotted this, and commented on the 'neat bush', and how they would need to catch up - seeing as Josh was completely shaved.
Then they took off their jeans. I was aware of the remark about things they 'regretted', and now I saw what they meant. First, as they stood, I saw rows of scars, maybe an inch or two long across their stomach. Then, as the jeans came off, similar scars appeared on their thighs.
So this was the result of bullying. Lacey had felt so distraught that she had harmed herself - self-inflicted cuts, sufficient to leave lasting marks, all across the centre of their body. I felt anger. Rage at those who had caused this pleasant, yet unhappy young person to go to such lengths - simply because they were being true to their feelings.
Next round, Josh and I lost. I stripped off my knickers, happy to be naked, and happy that Lacey seemed to like my body. Josh, however, needed to introduce us to his cock.
He knelt up, and wrapped his hand around his manhood. He stroked himself until he was fully hard.
"Well," he began, "this is my cock. Sometimes it gets hard on its own, others, like today, I just rub a little to get there. It's not that I'm not excited by you lot - maybe just a bit nervous, and... well... it's less sexual than other times.
"Anyway, now I'm hard. You can see my shaft, and the head on the top. That's the sensitive bit. If I want to cum, I make sure I touch that bit - and cum comes out of that little hole, there.
"Then my balls. They hang down most of the time, but when I'm hard, they pull up and the bag looks smaller. They're sensitive too, and I sometimes cup them while I wank. I love Jen holding them,
"I gotta mention my ass - just under here. I love it being touched, and a finger in there on my prostate. I don't do that myself, but it's amazing when Jen does it. And... well... that's about it. Any questions?"
Lacey looked on, intrigued, but had no desire to ask anything, so we moved on again. This time, Brenda, Lacey and I were unlucky.
Brenda released her amazing boobs, eliciting a low whistle from Lacey. They were delighted, I felt, and thought they wanted to be alone and get their hands on these gorgeous orbs.
Lacey was unsure what to take off again, but finally pulled off the binder. Their breasts popped out. They were definitely small, but far more obvious without the binder. Their nipples were erect, standing proudly from small areolae. I knew they were sensitive, and they were long - standing out over a centimetre, and looking very prominent against their tiny setting.
We all told them how lovely they looked. This was not patronising - it was true. Breasts did not have to be big to look beautiful, and I knew she and Brenda would have plenty of fun comparing the benefits of big and small tits.
Then it came to me. I started with my breasts.
"I love playing with my nipples, and having them played with. I like a firm, hard pinch. I love them pressed, and I like nipple clamps. Sucking and nibbling are good too.
"I like my pussy lips touched. They swell and get puffy. I like looking at them, now I've got rid of the hair - or Josh did. I just keep shaving to make sure I don't get stubbly.
"When I open my lips, that's where the real sensitive bits are. My clitoris first. Touching it, tapping, squeezing it, licking it. Anything, really gets me going, and I cum just from having it stroked.
"A bit lower and my inner lips and vagina. I can't show you, but just inside, there's a spongy surface. I put fingers in and bend them to work that surface - quickly, and with gentle pressure. Fingers, cock, dildo, vibrator - anything works there.
"Then my bum. I'm like Josh - touch that bit of skin around it, a finger inside, a dildo, cock. I haven't got a prostate like Josh, but I love it."
We looked at one another. I think we all realised that there was little point in Brenda covering similar information to that which I had just shared - and we had no wish to force Lacey to expose herself, so after a brief chat, we decided to go straight on to masturbating.
Lacey slipped off the boxer shorts which they wore - not loose, baggy ones like Josh, but tight trunks.
Beneath was a neat, but rather thick bush of pubic hair.
Lacey looked at it and decided to address the issue.
"You're right about being naked. I'm comfortable with you guys - I actually feel over-dressed with this bush. I wish it wasn't there. Would you..." they looked at Brenda, "... would you get rid of it for me? Now? You do it Bren, but I want Jen and Josh to watch."
Josh nipped to the bathroom to grab the necessary items, and despite a great deal of nervousness, Brenda made a good job of denuding Lacey's pussy. Lacey then asked for a mirror, so they could get a good look, before pronouncing themselves happy with the outcome.
For the first time since we had seen them together, Brenda and Lacey kissed. Josh and I did not really go for big public displays of affection (except for our memorable open air foursome), so we understood their reasoning. It was reassuring in many ways. The niggling concern that Brenda just wanted sexual experience was somewhat allayed by this display of closeness.
As they kissed, their bodies touched and hands began to explore. In truth, Brenda's boobs were so large that they would, inevitably, rub against anyone who kissed them, and come into contact with any roving hands. Lacey took the chance to explore these watermelon sized orbs, making Brenda breathe deeply as her nipples were squeezed and caressed.
Brenda had to return the compliment, of course, although Lacey's tiny breasts meant that the extended nipples were the main focus.
I glanced at Josh, wondering if we should join their passionate exchange. We moved together, and had just kissed when they pulled apart, a little self-consciously.
"Sorry," started Brenda, "we got a bit carried away. Let's do what we planned to." She turned to Lacey. "You feel amazing. It was lovely touching you like that. I know you worry about small boobs, but I've had years of these things, so it's wonderful to feel something so different."
Lacey smiled shyly. "Thanks. Same. After these tiny titties, yours are just so... beautiful and tactile."
I had to consider the irony of the situation. Two people so self-conscious of their breasts finding such pleasure in precisely the things which had given them such complexes.
We sat around in our little circle, wondering who would be first. We all wanted to save Josh till last. He was the 'different' one amongst us, and Lacey had never seen a man 'in the flesh' before. We could hardly ask Lacey to start, as the newcomer to the group, so that left Brenda and me.
I gave a mock sigh. "Better be me, I suppose. Then Bren, Lacey and Josh. You don't have to, Lacey - up to you. See how you feel."
My audience lined up as I settled back.
"I tend to like one of two positions. Like this..." I lay back, legs apart, in the most obvious position, "or hands and knees..." I demonstrated the position. "Whatever, I always play with my nipples first..." I demonstrated, tweaking, pressing firmly, making myself breathe heavily.
I kept this up for a while, commenting on how it helped me to get wetter, and how I used my imagination to form a fantasy scenario. I also explained that I sometimes used porn to help, but actually preferred my own imagination.
I moved down, leaving one hand on my nipple, while the other stroked my body, postponing the moment when I would reach my target. I maintained my commentary as I reached my labia - already swollen and glistening from my juices. I took my time before opening my lips and reaching inside.
I demonstrated techniques for working on my clitoris - stroking, tapping, squeezing, drawing it out for maximum pleasure. My commentary might have got disjointed as my excitement increased, and I think I almost forgot I was in company.
Josh tapped my arm, making me jump. "Do you want some toys?" He asked.
"Mmm..." I mumbled. He found a vibrator and a wand, along with a freshly-lubed butt plug. He clearly intended me to put on quite a show - and I would hate to disappoint.
I inserted the butt plug, the interruption sufficient for me to remember that this was educational, as well as pleasurable. I turned on to hands and knees, pushing my bum in the air and slipping the vib in slowly and steadily.
"I love having both holes filled," I explained, "I've only tried it recently, but it's quite a feeling." I began to slide the vibrator in and out - slowly at first, then more rapidly. No commentary was needed, as my sighs and quiet moans told their own story. I needed to finish, and hoped I might provide something a little special.
I turned on to my back and grabbed the wand. I touched it to my clit, the powerful vibration making me cry out. Building up the rhythm of the artificial cock, I knew my orgasm would be huge. It built, and I knew I was abandoning myself to a different plane, writhing, gasping and crying as I drew closer and closer.
When it finally arrived, I think I called on god and used several very ungodly words, as I felt myself release. Not just my pussy's contractions, but a mighty squirt - once, twice, three times - soaking the carpet.
Finally, I lay back, coming down, breathing heavily. My secretions ran across the butt plug, still held in place by my tight arse, and my thighs were soaked. I raised my hand and licked my fingers, suddenly aware of the three pairs of eyes on me.
"Sorry," I shrugged, "I like the taste. Was that OK?"
They broke into a small ripple of applause. We spent a while chatting, and I felt as if I was some kind of guru with a depth of expertise in my subject - not true, of course, but I had been on a huge journey of self-discovery, and was learning exactly what worked for me. I tried to emphasise this to Brenda and Lacey, explaining how Josh and I built up our sexual interactions to identify our specific pleasures.
The Q and A session over, all eyes turned to Brenda. "Not fair," she muttered, "I have to follow that." She lay back, spreading her legs and addressed us - well - mostly addressed Lacey.
She explained that she wanted to try the things I had done, but as yet did not have the necessary toys. As such, she would just borrow my vib and show the sort of pressure she liked applied, the rhythms and pace she enjoyed and particular techniques which worked.
In truth, she did a very good demonstration, and I had no doubt that it would really improve sex between her and Lacey. She spoke about the additions she wanted to make, and how her particular idiosyncrasies varied from mine. She desperately wanted to squirt, but, as I explained, it didn't happen to everyone, and in my experience was more visual for the observers than anything which really added to the orgasm.
Perhaps I was being kind, as I knew it was only my most intense orgasms which saw the clear liquid shoot from me. I found I needed to be stimulated internally and through my clit - and be in a highly charged erotic situation. Not to mention, the stimuli needed to be administered really well.
Lacey was next. They took their place nervously, but grew in confidence. It seemed their nipples played a large part in their stimulation. A friend of mine had once said that smaller boobs were more sensitive, but knowing what mine were like, I never quite believed that. If mine were sensitive, Lacey's were positively electric, and they spoke about orgasms solely from nipple stimulation.
They moved on to stroking, saying how they had used various items to penetrate as well. I offered my vibrator, but they requested a dildo as it was what they were used to. I suspected a vibrator would be on their next shopping list - or they could just share Brenda's.
Lacey's other big thing was anal stimulus. They had not really penetrated themselves, except with a finger and a candle, apparently, but they enjoyed it. I glanced at Brenda, and felt that she wished she had a notepad to record Lacey's preferences. Her concentration was so intense, however, that I was certain it would be unnecessary.
Lacey climaxed quietly, with a gush of fluid and spasms wracking their body. I recognised this as the sort of orgasm I used to have before I really found myself, and knew that it would become more intense and powerful as they worked on it with Brenda.
Josh was ready to finish for us, but first I wanted Lacey to explore their sexuality a little.
"Would you like to touch it, Lacey?" I offered.
There was a shy nod and Lacey knelt in front of Josh, first stroking along his length, then encircling his shaft with their hand and pumping gently up and down. Their other hand grabbed his balls, fondling, learning their shape.
"You can finish me off, if you like," offered Josh, but Lacey refused. That was not the point of this activity, and they were more keen to learn about how he masturbated than experiencing a handjob.
"Stay where you are, Lacey," I directed. Brenda and I knelt either side of them. Josh knew immediately what I wanted, but I explained for Lacey's benefit.
"When Josh cums, he'll cum on you. It's what he did for me first time, and I loved the feel of it, and the taste. If you like, you can take it in your mouth and suck it from him. Cos my pill doesn't work yet, it's what we usually do. I must have swallowed about a gallon of his cum so far." I giggled, suddenly conscious that it wasn't just his I'd swallowed.
I looked at Lacey, who was clearly considering my proposition.
"Go on," enthused Brenda, "I have. It's experience if nothing else."
Lacey nodded, still a little unsure, but ready to make the most of this situation.
Josh briefly explained how to stroke, how to stimulate the head, and how he would probably finish quickly with his harem on the floor at his feet. He also mentioned how he had recently discovered the joys of prostate stimulation, and how that made his orgasms more powerful, copious and intense.
He started to stroke, and Lacey copied the open-mouthed positions of Brenda and me.
It was quick. "Now!" Josh grunted, and the first string shot across Lacey's face, onto their hair and down across their forehead and nose, onto their lips. The second spurt was for Brenda - over her nose and into her mouth. I got the third glob - directly in my mouth, and gazed up at him smiling as I swallowed.
He returned to Lacey, offering his cock to their mouth. Lacey barely hesitated before opening their mouth, initially enclosing barely the small dribbling hole, but as Josh pushed forward, the entire head disappeared, semen dribbling down their chin. Lacey was clearly sucking, as their cheeks went from concave to convex several times.
Eventually, Josh pulled back, and Lacey seemed almost reluctant to let go, as the saliva coated cock head released with an audible 'plop'.
"Is it still in your mouth?" Brenda asked - unnecessarily, as their lips were tightly sealed, and they did not want to talk.
Lacey nodded, looking from Brenda to me to Josh, before gulping and smiling proudly.
"I thought that'd be really gross," they said, "but it wasn't. A bit slimy - and a little salty - but nothing like I thought."
I giggled. "There's more on your face if you want it." Lacey ran a finger round, shovelling the creamy drips into their mouth.
"Better warm than cold," they opined. We laughed. It was very true.
"They all taste different," I commented, "Josh's is nice, but every man I've tasted has been different. Same underlying taste, but slightly different flavour." I realised how odd it seemed, discussing ejaculate as though it was a restaurant meal, but what I was saying was true. I felt I should share another little secret with Lacey:
"Wait till you taste pussy. Mmm..."
Lacey fixed me with their rather powerful gaze.
"Could I... no. It's OK."
"D'you want to taste mine?" I asked, guessing at the question which Lacey had been reluctant to ask.
Lacey looked at Brenda. "Is that OK? And after... can I taste you?"
Brenda nodded and smiled invitingly.
Once more, I lay back and spread my legs. Lacey lowered their head and, tentatively at first, flicked their tongue across my labia. I spread my lips, exposing my clitoris - still wet from my earlier exertions. They licked, touching my clit, making me shiver with pleasure. Their faint touches became firmer, until they located my most sensitive parts and lapped thirstily.
They lifted their head and gazed at me - too soon for my private needs - and said: "Wow. You taste like nectar. I love it. If Brenda tastes like that, I'm gonna spend all day eating her."
They turned to my best friend, who lay back, legs wide, labia parted by her willing fingers. Lacey showed no reluctance this time, diving in and lapping at Brenda. They spent far longer with Brenda than with me, making her gasp and moan. I thought they would keep going until Brenda climaxed, but they withdrew, leaving her gasping and dripping.
"Mmm," sighed Lacey, "that's beautiful. Later, I'm going to do that so much more."
I think Brenda would have liked to taste Lacey, but there seemed to be a tacit agreement that this was enough for now. They were going to spend time together later, and that would be their chance to experiment together.
We sat around my room, comfortably naked, and chatted. I suppose this was what naturism is like. The only difference was that we were in control of who saw us, rather than my aunt and uncle, who simply didn't care.
Fifteen minutes before my mum was due home, we dressed and Brenda and Lacey prepared to leave. As we kissed goodbye, Lacey paused, clearly unsure about what they wanted to say.
"Thank you," they said, "most people don't accept me, and I've grown up hating my body, with all sorts of issues. But... you've made me feel good about myself. Thank you."
Josh and I smiled and started to brush the comment aside, but Lacey continued:
"Would you take photos of me? Brenda told me about the ones of her, and how she felt so much better afterwards. She's going to show me later. Could I try?"
Josh agreed readily, and I told Brenda she could show Lacey the pictures with Josh and I in as well. We sorted out a time in a couple of days for Lacey's shoot (which we agreed could include Brenda) and watched this fascinating couple depart, hand in hand.
The next couple of days were busy. Josh had shoots with Debbie's friends - two of the women wanted model portfolios - one of them was happy to strip completely and pose with various sex toys that she had brought with her, and a selection of rubber and leather fetish wear. She seemed intent on becoming a porn star. The other posed in lingerie and would not go any further.
The third woman wanted some 'boudoir' photos for her boyfriend, and posed beautifully in lingerie, topless and nude. The images were sexy and alluring - essentially romantic more than anything else, and very beautiful. Josh did a great job, and while she did not really have the 'model look', I'm sure her boyfriend would be delighted with the outcome.
More interesting was the young man, Brett, who came to us on the second afternoon. Debbie said he wanted photos for his boyfriend, but this was only part of the story.
Firstly, he was very attractive. He was tall, blonde with sparkling blue eyes, full lips and a ready smile. He was athletic, and worked out regularly - but not excessively. As a result, his muscles were well defined, but not excessive, and he sported a gently rippling six-pack. His bum was tight and very, very sexy.
Added to this was his wonderful personality, and as we chatted about the shoot, we veered off on many tangents, and got on exceptionally well. Both Josh and I really took to him.
"So," said Josh, getting down to business, "you want photos for your boyfriend."
Brett thought before replying. "Is that what Debs told you? I think she got the wrong idea. I don't have a boyfriend as such at the moment. I'm bisexual, and really don't want any committed relationship. What I really want is to expand my horizons.
"I've used one of those swinging websites for a while and it's been OK. I've met some good people, had some fun, but... well... I need a job as well. What I'm doing is setting up as an escort - not just take someone out for dinner, but offer... extras. Could be men, women - or both, I guess.
"I know what you're thinking. It's prostitution - and yes - I guess it is - but I'll make a fortune and meet experienced people who'll help me to try a few 'different' things. I only fuck them if I want to, and I'm really into older people.
"I'll be able to pay off debts, and help my family. There's a lot to it, but they desperately need help. My dad had an accident - he's disabled, and my mum looks after him. They live in shit conditions. They deserve better.
"My sister's in rehab, but that costs a fortune once you get beyond the time allowed by the NHS. She needs to get sorted, but once she's out, there are people who'll get her hooked again. She needs a fresh start, and I want to provide it.
"I don't like selling myself, but it makes plenty of cash quickly. I want enough to be comfortable and to provide for them. Then I'll stop."
Personally, I felt that he was, perhaps, being a little naïve, but his aims were commendable, and we were not going to judge or criticise.
"So," asked Josh, "what is it you really want?"
"I want something to sell me to the best people," replied Brett, "and that means those who want someone good looking - and I know I am - and who can see someone sexually open minded and willing to experiment. So. I want an 'adult' shoot. Nude and more. If Debbie was here, I'd ask her to join me - and if I knew a guy who was willing, I'd invite him too. Knowing Debs, she'd be up for a threesome.
"Sorry. She's your sister, and honestly, she'd want to go all the way, when I just want photos - handjobs, oral - no more. Still it's just me, so I'll go it alone."
Josh and I exchanged a look. I knew Josh had a rather latent bisexual side, but had never really acknowledged it.
"Just hands and oral?" Josh asked. "Perhaps... maybe Jen and I could help. I mean - we're not great models, but if that's all you want..."
"Speak for yourself," I chipped in, "I think I'm a pretty good model. And yes, we'd help. Who would see the photos?"
Once we were confident that he would share the images discreetly, that our faces could be obscured by pixelating them, we nodded our agreement. He went to get changed for his first set - evening wear - leaving us alone.
I stared at Josh.
"You're going with the gay stuff?" I asked, smiling broadly.
"Yeah. It'll help him out, and I could see you fancy him like mad. He doesn't want to fuck you, so why not? Another experiment - more for me this time. Anyway - you know the rule - If I wanted you to go with a woman, you'd do it - so why should I refuse if it's a guy?"
He had a point. I didn't mind. Why was it any different to me going with a woman? There's no logical reason why two men shouldn't be just as acceptable as two women - but for some reason, people judge it differently. Well - not me!
The shoot began conventionally. Brett wore a suit, looked very stylish and classy, slung his jacket over his shoulder, undid some shirt buttons, rolled up his sleeves, and generally went from classy and stylish to smouldering and sexy.
He changed into typical gym clothes - shorts and vest - and showed off his muscular build, seducing the camera with his eyes. He had a wonderful way of making his face seem gentle and smiling, while his eyes said 'fuck me'. I was utterly entranced.
I suppose the odd thing is that, while I found Brett incredibly sexy and was physically drawn to him, I would have said no if Josh wanted me to. It was purely a physical draw, despite his engaging personality. I loved Josh, and would have turned Brett down without a second thought.
Brett posed in a couple more outfits - casual, jeans and t-shirt, and then chinos with a colourful, buttoned shirt, making him look as if he was ready to sip cocktails, watching the sun set in the Caribbean.
Then he stopped and looked at us.
"Let's do the raunchy stuff," he said. He disappeared and when he next came in, he wore boxer shorts. I was surprised. I had expected a little thong or similar, showing off his manhood, but no.
He posed again, first standing, then lying down, showing his physique to great effect. Then he began to push his shorts down - one side, then the other, until a narrow strap appeared. This was the tiny item I had expected.
The shorts continued to come off, accompanied by confident smiles and sexy winks as he turned his back, showing his firm, muscled buttocks, and stripped to reveal tiny underwear, a string passing between his bum cheeks and a broader waistband than my thongs above.
Josh stopped. Clearly he had an idea, which he proposed seconds later:
"Before you go any further, how about some with Jen in lingerie? You can undress each other then."
He glanced at me, knowing I'd be fine with that. Brett remained facing away from us, and with a glance over his shoulder, agreed with the idea.
I didn't bother going to change in the bathroom, but went directly to my drawer, pulled out my sexiest bra and panties and proceeded to strip off. Once I was ready, I walked over to Brett and began to pose around him, holding his muscular torso as if I worshipped every inch of his body.
Then he turned to me, spinning me round and grabbing my breasts as I put my arms back behind his head, and threw my head back against him.
He ran his hands over my body, and I felt a significant bulge in my lower back, which I pushed against. I was surprised, as his body was further from me than I had expected, and the lump which I felt seemed more substantial than I was used to - but there again, my back was not very good at gauging dimensions.
My bra unfastened at the front, and he unclipped it skilfully, allowing time for Josh to take photos as he slowly parted the cups before revealing me.
He toyed with my bare breasts and nipples, before finally turning me to face him.
I began to worship his body again - this time dropping to my knees, brushing my lips against his pecs before dropping to his six-pack. That was when I saw it. The bulge in his underwear was not just substantial - it was huge. I simply had to see what he was hiding.
I began kissing along the top of the thong, licking as I ran my fingers inside the waistband, gradually moving it lower, exposing a clean-shaven pubis.
I began to reveal his penis - an inch - two - three - six - eight - ten - how long was this thing?
Finally, as his underwear was an inch or so above his knees, it finished. His cock was enormous - the sort of thing I only saw in porn movies when Brenda and I had searched 'giant cock' on one occasion. I needed to stop and just stare at this monster.
Its girth was in proportion to its length, which stopped it looking ridiculously thin, and it hung, almost a foot long, and barely stiff at this point. Josh's camera had gone silent too, and I knew he was staring at this wonder.
Brett broke the silence.
"Sometimes it's a blessing, others it's a curse. I know it'll get me a lot of interest, but I really don't want people to treat me as a freak. Plus some younger girls take one look and run, because they think they can't handle it. Guys too - I think they worry I'll split them in two. This has lost me more partners than it's gained.
"Then there's the ones who want me just for my dick. I hate that. They never talk - just want to see me as a kind of toy. I guess women with huge boobs have the same problem. I can't use a public shower, like after sport, not even go swimming without wearing loose shorts and five minutes binding the bloody thing up so it doesn't fall out."
I needed to stop staring, and try to treat this as I would treat any physical difference. I stared up at his face, directly into his azure eyes.
"It's certainly a... surprise," I stated, "but it's really beautiful. The shape, proportions and everything. I can see why people might be reluctant - and I'm relieved we're sticking at handjobs and oral - but I'm sure it satisfies - and isn't that most important?"
He smiled and nodded. "I guess so. But, do me a favour - just treat it like you would any other - handle it, make it hard, suck it and lick it as if you want me to cum. If I do, you'll see it's just like any other cock."
I decided to slip off my knickers before Josh began taking more photos, and took the leviathan in my hand - well - hands.
I worked on it as Josh had shown me, rubbing up and down the shaft, stimulating the round, purple head, spitting on it to make my hands run freely, twisting my wrists across the smooth skin.
I fondled his normally sized balls, reaching below and finding the crack of his bum.
He lay back on my bed and I felt him getting hard, his erection extending above his belly button. Then I admired my handiwork.
I looked at Josh. "Come and join us," I directed him.
He set the camera to take photos automatically, and stripped. I think he was a little embarrassed that his penis was only a little larger than normal, when compared to Brett's freak of nature, but he was still hard.
"Wow," breathed Brett, "I wish mine was like that. You've got the physique I dream about. You're a gorgeous couple. I feel rather honoured to have a chance like this. I thought you'd be a pain like Deb. I know she'd do anything to get in my pants - but you're such nice people."
Josh lay on the other side of Brett and with some trepidation, reached out and took hold of Brett's hard on. My hand joined his, and together we began to wank this giant.
The extra hand left my other hand free to explore down below, and as I did, Brett gasped and sighed.
I had almost forgotten my own needs, until I felt Brett slide his finger between my buttocks, reaching as far as possible to try to finger me. I moved up, desperate to feel his fingers on my clit and inside me. Glancing across, I noticed that he had already grasped Josh's cock and was gently stroking it.
Josh decided to move to my other side, so I was now the meat in the sandwich, spreading my legs, inviting the searching fingers to explore my female parts.
Josh rubbed my clit, while Brett inserted two fingers. On either side, a head dropped to my breast until I had a mouth on each nipple, nipping and sucking.
Both men were skilled. Brett began with one finger, then two, and knew exactly where to stimulate. Josh, of course, was well trained. Together, they brought me to a huge, squirting orgasm. As I finished thrashing and lay still, ready to relax, I felt my legs lifted and as the fingers on my clit disappeared, they were replaced by a darting, flickering tongue - Brett's.
Josh knelt by my head, placing his erect penis against my lips. I opened my mouth willingly, taking first the head, then forcing myself to take as much as possible. I felt it would be a good idea. I could hardly take the whole of Brett's, but I could manage a respectable amount.
Josh began to thrust in and out of my mouth, forcing me to take as much as possible, almost making me gag several times. Maybe he was on the same page as me, as he seemed more vigorous than on other occasions. Whatever. I was approaching orgasm again, thanks to Brett, and as I heaved and bucked, Josh withdrew, allowing me to cry out and moan as I wished.
As I calmed down, Brett looked up at me, his face covered in my juices.
"I think some one on one pics now? Then come together again for my money shot. Is that OK?"
That sounded fine to me, and Josh and I looked at one another, deciding who should go first. Brett decided for us.
"I think Josh first. Let's face it, Jen, you seem to have had most fun so far."
He was right, of course, so I took the camera, altered the settings and prepared myself.
The two men lay together, Brett's cock dwarfing Josh's above average offering. I could see Josh was unsure, so Brett took the lead. He grabbed Josh's penis, and began stroking him slowly.
Taking the photographs felt a bit odd. I was concentrating so much on doing a good job that I almost forgot that I was watching my boyfriend being jerked off by a man we had only just met. I also forgot to be turned on, which was really odd for me.
Brett was good at stroking Josh. I suppose men are like that - they know what works for them. I thought Josh was going to cum, but then Brett stopped. He took Josh's hand and placed it on his massive penis and began moving it up and down.
Josh took the hint, and began stroking Brett, first with one hand, then both. He grew confident, and as well as just stroking, he used some of the techniques which I had learned, twisting his wrist around the swollen head, spitting on it to make his motions smooth, and bringing his head close to the magnificent specimen.
Brett lay back, enjoying the sensation, and placed his hand on Josh's head, guiding it down, until my boyfriend's lips were barely a centimetre from the small hole which would expel semen in the near future.
Josh opened his mouth and lowered his head, taking the tip of the leviathan between his lips. As his hand stroked Brett's shaft, his head bobbed up and down, only a small amount, but enough for Brett to start breathing heavily and gritting his teeth.
Josh was not great at sucking off another man - I planned to do a better job - but it was not long before Brett gently pulled him away. He then lowered his own head and began sucking Josh. He was much better - it was clearly not his first time - and he engulfed a good proportion of Josh's member and bobbed up and down vigorously.
As he sucked and licked, while cupping Josh's balls, I realised that Josh would be shooting his load quite soon. His head went back, his breathing became deep and his eyes glazed. I heard the throaty rumbling and knew he would cum in Brett's mouth.
Apparently, Brett knew too, as he withdrew his mouth, and brought up his hand. He jerked Josh off rapidly, and within seconds, the first spurt of Josh's familiar, creamy cum shot onto Brett's face, rapidly followed by a second. Brett wanted these photographs of his face, covered in cum, before he dipped his head again, consuming the head of Josh's cock, and allowing him to finish ejaculating into his mouth.
As Josh finished, Brett sucked, taking every drop of cum before swallowing.
I stopped taking photographs and stared, finally allowing myself to take in the scene, and realising that my pussy was soaking. Josh lay back, recovering from his orgasm, before looking at me. At first, he seemed a little embarrassed at the obvious pleasure he had felt from being with another man. Then he saw my smile, and realised that I had enjoyed watching, probably as much as he enjoyed watching me with another woman.
We swapped places, and Brett fingered me gently, nodding with approval as he felt how wet I was. He laid me on my back and began licking me again - he wanted Josh to take more detailed photos of his oral skills - and I happily spread my legs wide, allowing Brett to lick, while Josh moved in close with his camera.
Suddenly, with surprising strength, Brett flipped me on to my front, pulling my bum up, and thrust his face between my buttocks, his tongue flicking at my exposed pussy, while his nose was barely an inch from my anus. His tongue tracked to my vagina, then across the little gap to my anus, where he began licking again. It was not my first time rimming, but I loved it, especially when I felt two fingers slip into my pussy and begin to thrust rapidly.
I felt the gentle build up, then the light-headed ecstasy as I moved into yet another orgasm. My juices gushed, running freely over Brett's hand, as I buried my face in the pillow to mute my moans and cries.
Then it was my turn to demonstrate my skills, and I was determined to prove to Brett that it was not only older women who could satisfy him.
I used every technique at my disposal. First, my hands, twisting my wrist, dribbling saliva as I worked on his smooth, engorged head, while my other hand worked first on his shaft, then dropped to his balls, finally pushing inside his anus, seeking his prostate.
I listened with satisfaction to his rapid breathing and gasps of pleasure, before realising that I needed to take his monster dick in my mouth.
I opened as wide as possible, easily covering the smooth head, teasing the hole with my tongue, before withdrawing to lick up and down his shaft, taking one of his balls into my mouth, making him moan, before working my way back up his massive length to engulf his head again.
Little by little, I forced more into my mouth, opening my throat, forcing myself not to gag. I managed several inches (as the photos later showed), but it felt as if I had taken in several feet. Capacity reached, I started to bob my head rapidly, determined that he would either cum in my mouth, or have to pull back very rapidly to avoid doing so.
As it happened, he preferred the latter. He wanted photos of his orgasm, as his semen shot out, and he wanted both Josh and me to be in those photos. He stood quickly, telling Josh to set the camera to automatic shots and directing Josh and I to kneel in front of him. We assumed the position quickly, as it seemed he was in a desperate hurry to finish.
Once the scene was set, Brett told us both to grab his cock. "Now, finish me off - it won't take much," he said.
He was right. Josh held lower down the shaft, and I jerked rapidly across the head, and within seconds, a huge dollop of semen hit my face. I wanted more, but he moved across, splashing cum on Josh this time. He returned to me, thrusting his huge cock into my mouth, letting me feel another large dollop of cum hit my throat. Then the same for Josh.
His ejaculation seemed to last forever, as he alternated from one of us to the other, each time providing more semen in a seemingly endless flood. It was as if his balls matched the size of his cock, endlessly spewing cum.
Finally, he stopped and stood over us, his mighty cock twitching as it began a slow decline. I swallowed every drop that had filled my mouth, before glancing at Josh. Again, he seemed unsure, keeping his mouth firmly closed until I saw his throat move, Adam's apple bobbing up and down as he swallowed.
I think he feared my response, so I leaned over and kissed him, before moving my lips over his face, licking off the semen which ran down it, before sitting back and pushing the cum on my own face into my mouth. I leaned over to Josh again, kissing him firmly on the lips, forcing his mouth open and pushing the thick creamy liquid into his mouth, encouraging him to accept it and enjoy.
Brett sat heavily on the bed, clearly drained from his climax.
"Wow," he said, "That was incredible. Even if the photos are shit, it was worth it. You two are incredible. You're a lucky guy, Josh. Jen's amazing. I've known women three times her age without those skills. I know it was your first time, but I think a lot of gay guys would be happy to go with you."
We said nothing. There was nothing to say. The conversation turned quickly to more mundane matters - when would the photos be ready? Could Brett buy more if he wanted others beyond the ten we would give him? Could he look at the 'money shot' photos to see if they captured the moments as well as he hoped?
Clearly, with a photo every ten seconds, timing could be off, but in this case, the shots were amazing. My head, leaning back, some fluid on my face, more in mid-air, about to land. Josh, eyes closed, a creamy ectoplasm flying towards him. The shots were amazing.
As with our previous sexual partners, we spent a while chatting, comfortably naked. I thought that, as the only female present, I might feel rather self-conscious, but neither men stared at my body, nor were they lecherous or pervy about it - indeed, it was a while before I realised that I was reclining on my bed, one knee bent upwards causing my legs to be wide apart, showing every detail of my sex.
Brett, too, was aware of the lack of focus on sexual parts, and commented that it was nice to be naked with people who didn't constantly stare at his distended penis. Even after sex, he said, most people continued to gaze at it and make comments, making him feel like some sort of freak. Although he did accept that, in all fairness, he WAS a freak compared to most men.
Suddenly, we heard the front door open and Debbie's voice shouting up the stairs.
"Hi. Only me. Is Brett still here?"
Brett leapt up and disappeared to the bathroom where he had left his clothes. He knew Debbie well enough to know that she would not be so willing to look beyond his endowment, and wanted to be covered up when she appeared.
We dressed quickly as well, just in time as the door pushed open and Debbie entered.
As she looked around the room at the various items of clothing strewn about, and my generally dishevelled condition (especially my hair, which I knew had Brett's 'special gel' in), she could have been in little doubt as to what had happened.
"Shit," she exclaimed, "did I miss him? I was going to see if he needed any help. I know he's gay, but he's gorgeous - and you never know... especially with the rumours I've heard." Her eyes suddenly gleamed. "Is it true? Has he really got a monster cock?"
As the voice came from behind her, she jumped in shock, then flushed beetroot red in embarrassment.
"My cock," said Brett in a level, but slightly amused voice, "is none of your business - but if you wish to think of it as a monster, I shall be very flattered."
Debbie muttered something inaudible, then turned and scuttled to her room. Brett stepped in and we said our farewells, asking him to let us know how his 'career' was going, and promising to send the photos as soon as possible. He kissed each of us on the lips, deeply and passionately, as if he were our lover. Our biggest problem would be making sure Debbie didn't get to see the pictures.
For much of the rest of the day, Josh was involved in editing the photos from the various shoots he had done so far. I knew it was a long and tricky job, so I left him to it. I wandered downstairs and turned on the TV, to be joined a few minutes later by Debbie.
We selected a film to watch - more her choice than mine - and started to chat.
"Go on - spill. Is it as big as I've heard? Guys talk, y'know - about when they pee and stuff."
My reply might have been rather short, as her probing about something so private - and potentially embarrassing - was becoming exasperating.
"Deb," I began, "I'm not going to tell you. I don't want to start rumours, and whatever happened in the shoot is private. You know that. Anyway, how do you know I even saw it?"
She smirked. "Of course you saw it. First, it was a shoot for his boyfriend. He'd obviously strip off. Second, I saw your hair. You had cum in it - and before you make up some story about gel or conditioner - I know you. You wouldn't have other stuff in your hair, and you always keep it groomed. I'm actually wondering if he's more bi than gay."
She gave me a sidelong look, knowing that I hated outright lies, and would need to make sure my answer had some basis in honesty. She also knew I was desperate to maintain our new-found connection.
"OK. But this is strictly between us. If you tell anyone else, I'll tell Josh to share all your photos. I know you don't mind, but if mum and dad came across them... well... you wouldn't want that. Yes. Brett is bi. And yes. I helped out. The photos weren't only for his partner. He needed them for something else."
"I know Josh 'helped out' too - he was very flushed."
My shoulders slumped. "Oh - think what you like. Just keep it absolutely confidential. Brett's got plenty on his plate at the moment - just accept that he doesn't want to fuck you or any of your friends. If he did, he wouldn't be saying he's gay, would he?"
She shrugged. "Guess not - but - is it as big as I've heard?"
I felt backed into a corner. "Again, strictly confidentially, yes. He's well endowed. He hates it, and if anyone finds out, you'll never see him again, and nor will we. If I find he's published any photos publicly, I'll let you know. For fuck's sake. Enough now."
She realised she was going too far. "Sorry. Just curious. I promise I won't say anything, and I won't make him feel difficult. I love Brett as a friend - and I'm not as evil as you think."
We fell silent for a while, but I only pretended to watch the movie, wondering if I should ease my irritation and give my sister the benefit of the doubt.
"I've got more people wanting shoots," Debbie said, quietly.
That was good news. Josh wanted to make more money, and this could be exactly what he needed.
"Cool. Who?"
"Well. Friends of friends really. Some I know, some I don't. The ones who've been here loved it. They're telling people what fun Josh is to work with - and very cheap - and even though there's only been one set of photos returned so far, they're really good. I've seen them, and I know they're being shared. Not just the clothed ones either."
"Thanks. Have you given them Josh's mobile - or mine for that matter?"
"I told them to hold on until I checked with you and Josh. He needs a card - or are you setting up together? You should start charging more. Could be a real business opportunity."
She had a point. I knew Josh wanted to get his degree, but perhaps he could take a year out to try becoming a professional photographer - or change his degree to photography (he had said he was finding his course in Fine Arts rather dull in parts) - or maybe he could get his degree and then move into photography. It was a conversation to consider.
Perhaps I should consider changing my course to a photography degree. I had the right 'A' levels.
"I'll talk to Josh," I said, "but it's a thought. Definitely some business cards."
We continued chatting, discussing photography in general and Debbie's sex life - as active as ever. She probed me about the range of sexual activities which Josh and I had enjoyed, but I preferred discretion, just saying that we enjoyed experimenting, but on our own terms.
Debbie seemed to put her own interpretation on this, maybe assuming that our experiments would be rather 'vanilla' compared to her own, but she also accepted that I was not going to say any more. Her final comment, just before mum bustled in was:
"If you want to really experiment - beyond a threesome - I know a guy who's very kinky. Me and him could come for a shoot and take it way further than you'll have gone before. What d'you think?"
"Seriously, Deb," I replied - exasperated, and even a little shocked - "me and you? We're sisters - and... well... you're just not Josh's type. Sorry. You look great and everything, but I couldn't go with you, and we only go with people we feel a real bond with - not some random bloke. Sorry - thanks anyway."
She looked very put out. I think she felt her offer was incredibly generous.
The conversation went no further. Mum came and sat down, wittering about her day at work, before jumping up and asking me to help in the kitchen as she prepared tea.
Josh came downstairs for dinner, and took a break from his editing for a while. Afterwards, we went and sat down with mum and dad, making polite conversation, while Debbie disappeared to get ready for yet another night out.
Mum and dad drifted off to bed early - maybe they were tired, or perhaps the rather sexual atmosphere in the house was rubbing off on them. I caught them kissing in the kitchen, and they seemed to have become far more 'touchy-feely' recently. I shuddered at the idea, then caught myself. Why shouldn't they have a full sexual relationship at their age - Josh and I will - and so were the clients Brett spoke about. Good for them!
Left alone, Josh and I discussed Debbie's comment about a photography business, and I ran my various possibilities past him. He was definitely interested in the idea. He agreed to ask about changing his University course, and I agreed to do the same. We also decided to print some business cards, and I agreed to set about designing them the following day.
This was to be a quiet day for us - Josh wanted to finish all the editing, and then we would have some time together. Mum and dad were out again, and Debbie had announced that she was going to another party, and as I had done something special for Josh, he told me that he would be returning the favour. He would say no more, just grinned lasciviously assured me that I would love it.
I even tried withholding sex to get him to tell me when we were in bed later, but he knew as well as I did that it wouldn't last long. Maybe I kept up the act for ten minutes, but soon enough I was sucking contentedly on his eight inch cock, spreading my legs for him to drive into my pussy and presenting my bum for him to enter my tight little back passage.
It was just one day now until we could dispense with condoms, and as he finished in my mouth, as usual, I knew that tomorrow would be very, very special.
The next day went as planned. We both contacted our Universities, and were both advised that there were places on photography courses, and that if we completed various online forms, the departments would consider the relevant changes. That took a while - especially for me, as I had less experience than Josh. We had to stretch the truth a little to make me seem more knowledgeable, but Josh agreed to show me the basics, and said I would know more than quite a few.
As the afternoon progressed, I became more curious about Josh's plans - still, he told me nothing.
When mum and dad got home, he went downstairs and talked to them for a while, before returning to me. It was almost seven o'clock, before he looked out of the window and said:
"Taxi's here. Let's go."
I looked at him in amazement.
"Come on, Jen, time to go."
Was he really foregoing the chance of an evening alone to take me out for dinner? Presumably not a very classy dinner either, as I still wore jeans and t-shirt. However, he insisted. He grabbed a couple of backpacks from the hall as we went out and hustled me into the waiting car.
We drove for a while, into the countryside, before turning into the driveway of a very attractive hotel. Finally, he announced:
"I thought we could have a night of luxury. Dinner, a big, comfy bed and a day in the spa tomorrow morning. What d'you think?"
I had to agree, it looked amazing - a huge mansion, catering for 'adults only' (not as in a place for swingers - just a place where children were not allowed, so adults could relax). There was a high class restaurant, bar and dance floor and a spa. It looked wonderful.
I immediately started to panic, as I was hardly dressed for such an establishment, but Josh just told me to relax and trust him. I tried - but it was difficult.
We checked in and went to our room. It was incredible. Having shared my rather small three-quarter bed, the vast expanse of crisp cotton quilt that welcomed us looked like our own private island. We could lie in there and never touch - not that we wanted to do that.
We explored the room thoroughly, as we apparently had time before dinner - reserved for nine o'clock - and then Josh told me to have a long warm bath. I was delighted, and hoped he might join me, until he suddenly informed me that he needed to collect some things from reception.
I was disappointed, but this was his evening, and I knew he would never let me down - as I discovered as I left the bathroom, towelling myself down briskly with the thick, fluffy towels.
On the bed was a beautiful, deep blue dress. It was sleeveless and plunged deeply at the front, meaning that a bra would be unnecessary. It swept low to the floor, and was accompanied with high-heeled shoes - not so high that I couldn't walk, but high enough that my hips would roll and my legs would seem stunningly elegant. I have no idea what fabric it was, but as I slipped it on, it felt as if it moulded to my skin. It was beautiful.
"Tits look good," teased Josh, gazing at my decolletage, and I must say, I felt sexy - very sexy. Not wearing a bra, with such a plunging neckline made me aware of the thin fabric between my breasts and total exposure. It was a massive turn-on.
I removed the dress before doing my hair and make-up, which had been thoughtfully packed in the backpack, along with a change of clothes for the next day, and swimwear for the spa (my little bikini, of course).
We swept downstairs to a wonderful meal, prepared to perfection, and accompanied by wine which made me feel light-headed and ready for whatever else Josh had planned.
As we finished our dessert, he began to make moves towards our room. In some ways, I had hoped there might be something more before we went to our room, but if this was how the evening had been planned, I could hardly complain.
We went to the room, giggling and holding one another. Once there, I unfastened the tie behind my neck and let the dress fall forward, showing my breasts and erect nipples. I was ready for sex.
Josh, however, had different ideas. He reached under the bed and withdrew a box, which he handed to me.
"I thought we should try the bar and dance floor. It's a night club, basically, for people to visit after dinner. I thought you'd like something more appropriate to wear."
I opened the box. Inside a thin, scoop-necked top, with no sleeves, and armholes which plunged low, almost to my waist, a short skirt - loose fitting from the waist, stockings and suspenders.
I glanced up at him, unsure what to think - then saw the smile playing across his lips. He elaborated.
"I thought it might be fun for you to go down there first, then I'll come down in ten minutes. We can pretend not to know one another, while you see how much attention you get. Then, I'll move in and pick you up. Before I join you, you can have some fun in those clothes."
My fantasy! This top was very revealing, and everyone would be able to see my bra and boobs. I wished I had brought my sexy see-through bra, or a push-up one - and perhaps some little lacy knickers, but just the ones in my bag would have to do. I made the point to Josh.
"No sexy underwear? I thought you'd have sorted that out."
"No underwear." He stated.
I looked at him. "So I just wear what I've got?"
"No. You wear no underwear. You wanted to 'shock people and make people horny', you said. How better than wearing that outfit and no underwear?"
I'm fairly sure my pussy gushed at that point. This was my fantasy, remembered from our chat with Chris and Connie. How could I not do as Josh suggested?
I shrugged off my dress, and slipped on the stockings and suspenders first, followed by the skirt. It was a lightweight, flimsy fabric, which I knew would lift and float as I moved, showing my stocking tops - and - if I moved vigorously - everything else as well.
Then I slipped on the top. It plunged at the front and the sides, and any leaning forward would cause my breasts to be revealed. Not only that, but it was almost translucent. If I pressed against it, it was not difficult to make out my dark nipples - and if I allowed light to shine through, the outline of my boobs was very clearly visible.
"Well," announced Josh, "give us a twirl."
I did, and he announced that he could see everything. Then I leaned forward, letting the neck of the top fall away, showing my boobs. Josh inspected from front and sides, and announced that he could see 'everything' - especially with the light behind me.
"OK," he said, "you go down, and I'll follow in a few minutes - don't forget - you don't know me. Have fun."
I almost lost my nerve, and was about to say I couldn't do it - then I remembered - firstly, this was my fantasy; secondly, after so much effort setting it up, not to mention expense, there was no way I could disappoint Josh.
I stood up, and with a final nervous gulp, I left the room. This explained why Josh had kept topping up my wine glass - unless I had some 'Dutch courage', I could never have done this.
I walked down the corridor to the lift, feeling very vulnerable with my bare, bald pussy. Instinct told me to cover up, but on the way down, I came to a decision - maybe slightly alcohol inspired. This was my fantasy, and if I wanted it to be real, I needed to act as if this type of clothing was natural for me. I needed to walk with a swing of my hips, and let my arms and body be loose.
With this in mind, I walked past the reception desk swinging my ass and letting my skirt swish. I knew people were looking - probably at my stocking tops, and maybe thinking that my top would be revealing, if only they could get the correct angle. The fact that my breasts bounced vigorously, and my erect nipples were very evident probably helped.
I followed the signs down a flight of stairs and entered a dark room with tables around a dance floor, and a bar at the far end. There were only two empty tables, and I considered sitting at one of them, before I spied the high stools by a shelf to one side of the bar.
I strolled along the edge of the dance floor, where several couples were dancing to popular disco music (not to my taste at all), and felt every eye on me. I selected my seat carefully, choosing one just below a light, which would shine directly through my top. My heart was still pounding, but I tried to act naturally. I ordered a glass of wine and sat down.
The seat itself forced me into a tricky decision. I could sit with my legs down, barely resting my bum on the seat. This would have kept me covered, but would be very uncomfortable. I decided, therefore, to sit on the seat, and hook one heel over the bar between the legs of the stool. This meant my leg was almost at ninety degrees to my body, maybe angled slightly down wards. I let my other leg hang down for now.
The result of this, of course, was that anyone facing me would see not just the stocking tops, but shadowed skin beyond - and if I moved my other leg up, or allowed the bent leg to drop to the side, they might even get a flash of my hairless slit - if the light was in the right position.
The light shone through my top, and I knew my shape must be very evident. To enhance the impact, I placed my glass on the shelf, so that, in order to reach it, I would have to reach right across my body and lean forward. This would expose the gaping arm hole and allow the front of it to fall off my body, exposing the side of my boob - and much more for anyone in the right position. Leaning forward would give a perfect view to anyone in front.
I felt so sexy - and rather slutty. Fact was, however, this was only my clothes. I had no intention of going with anyone other than Josh - this was a tease. Just fun.
I started to settle down after my initial nerves and began to look around the room. There were some couples at dimly lit tables at the side of the room, and several groups - mostly couples with other couples. On the opposite side there were small groups, and at the far end, a group of about ten people, who were being quite loud. I guessed they were maybe a company on a celebratory evening, or maybe a few delegates from a conference.
The bar was mostly occupied by men ordering drinks, and as I looked in that direction, I was gratified to see several heads turn rapidly.
Another larger group entered, maybe a few more men than women, and crowded around the bar. One of the men quickly spotted me, and held my gaze as I tried to stare him down. He was much older than me - maybe forty - and I had to force myself to stay very cool as I turned away slowly to look elsewhere.
I started to watch some of the dancers, but out of the corner of my eye, I could see several of the men in the group at the bar staring in my direction. They were loud, and I guessed the comments were quite ribald, so I decided to see if I could silence them. I reached for my drink, deliberately overstretching, and as I did so, I allowed my leg to push out to the side.
There was silence. I knew that almost my entire boob must have been exposed, and I suspected I might even have flashed my pussy. As I looked at the group, I could tell that I was right. The responses of the men were easy to read, the women less so.
I hadn't really considered how women would react to my exhibitionism, so I scanned the room, focusing on the women. I don't pretend to be an expert at reading body language, but I felt there were a huge range of emotions.
Some were annoyed. Maybe because I was distracting their partners from them, maybe because they were prudishly disgusted and thought I was a slut. Others seemed to admire me, perhaps they wished they had the nerve to dress like me, or perhaps they simply respected the fact that my clothes were comfortable, and I was simply wearing them because I wanted to.
Still other women were as lusty as the men, and I suspected there were several bisexual women (albeit unknown to their partners) and some who were openly lesbian.
Other than those who were appalled by my outfit, I had a sense of solidarity. Women who felt it was my right to dress as I wished, without being objectified and judged by men. Many looked away as soon as I made eye contact, like most of the men, but a significant number held my eye and even nodded respectfully.
I suspect that quite a few knew exactly what I was doing, and had maybe either done the same themselves, or wished they had the chance to do it.
A text arrived from Josh.
Be there in 10. Forgot something. Look under radiator by ladies loo. Xxx
I was intrigued. I left my small clutch bag on my stool, and asked the woman behind the bar to keep an eye on it while I popped to the ladies.
I walked with a distinct wiggle to the ladies' and found a small bag under the radiator. I looked around, as I was sure Josh was close, but could not see him. Opening the bag, I looked inside.
I gasped as I saw the small device which we had purchased on our first visit to the sex shop. A vibrator with a long, thin, fluorescent pink tail, which I could insert and Josh would control with a remote device in his pocket. I felt my pupils contract and my heart rate redouble - and my pussy become even more moist.
I nipped into the ladies' toilet, had a quick wee and inserted the sex toy. It was good to mop up some of my juices at this point. I had become very, very wet, and my thighs were coated with my juices. I knew cleaning up would be only temporary - especially with Josh 'buzzing' me, but it was better to avoid flooding my seat.
There was another issue now - the 'tail' of the vibrator hung out of my labia, and might be easily picked up as I moved my legs.
I left the toilet and immediately pulled up short, squeezing my thighs together and closing my eyes as a buzz made me gasp with pleasure. Josh had to be very close - probably just around a corner - but still I could not spot him.
I flounced back to my seat, tits bouncing, skirt swinging, probably showing a flash of skin as well as stocking tops.
My bag rested on my stool, and a fresh drink now stood next to my half-finished one. I was deliberately taking my time with the drinks, as the last thing I wanted was to make myself sick, but clearly someone felt I was not drinking enough.
I glanced at the attractive woman behind the bar, and nodded quizzically at the drink. With a gentle tilt of her head, she indicated the group who had entered the bar recently. I looked across and saw a man looking at me. He raised his glass, clearly taking responsibility for the cocktail beside me.
I decided to play along, and raised my glass in response, taking a small sip before looking around for Josh. Still no sign.
The man who had bought the drink was still after my attention, and indicated that I should join his group. He was probably a good ten years older than me - around thirty, I guessed - but he was good looking in a rather conventional way. I had no intention of joining him, however, and shook my head casually.
He turned back to his colleagues, and made a comment which made them laugh. They chatted a bit more, clearly teasing him, and then, to my horror, he stood up and approached me.
In all honesty, I was very naïve thinking that something like this would not happen, and while I wanted to tell him to get lost, I knew that, for my fantasy to work, I needed to play along with him.
"Hey," he greeted me, shouting over the music, "I'm Des. Fancy a dance?"
On closer inspection, while still good-looking, he was maybe closer to thirty-five. His face had a sheen of sweat, and he smelt overpoweringly of after shave, with an undercurrent of body odour. His build was less muscular than I had initially thought, and there was a distinct bulge at his midriff. Not at all my type.
"Not just yet," I replied, leaning in to him to allow him to see down my top, "tell me a bit about yourself."
"Well... I'm twenty-six," he lied, "senior marketing manager. I'm here to train colleagues. I'm single and looking for a good time."
I reached across for my drink, flashing my side boob and bringing my raised knee across to brush his manhood.
"Wow," I replied, "very responsible for someone so young. What sort of 'good time' are you after?"
I allowed my knee to swing gently back and forth across his crotch.
"Well. Whatever sort of good time you like. We're having a party in our rooms in a bit. Why not join us?"
I wondered how the other women in the group would feel about me joining them - or if the other women were even invited, as I took in more details of his appearance.
"Hmm... I'm not sure. What's going to happen at this 'party'?"
"Well - plenty of booze - and... who knows. It'll be fun anyway."
"Maybe... I'll see... what about..." BUZZ.
My knee shot forward into his crotch, encountering a firm erection, and my backside slipped on the stool, making my skirt ride up even further. I almost fell off the stool with my skirt round my waist.
My upper body went rigid, my eyes wide and I moaned.
I don't know if he thought I was drunk or just incredibly turned on by him, but he put his hand on my waist, touching the bare skin beneath my armpit, just beside my boob and moved very close.
"You seem like you might enjoy the things we've got in mind," he whispered (loudly, due to the music).
I felt embarrassed, but gathered myself and regained my seat again. I was finding his suggestion that I become a plaything for his workmates rather nauseating, and wanted to get rid of him.
I smiled, seductively, and put a hand on his shoulder, pulling him close and drawing his head down so he could look directly down my top. I hoped he could see everything as I whispered:
"I love going with several men - and women - but what would your wife think?" I had spotted the indentation of a wedding ring on his finger, which had clearly grown since he first put it on. "And I don't think you're twenty-six, or a senior manager. I think you're thirty-five and a salesman."
He went to pull away, but I held him in position as I moved my knee against his erection - probably dwindling by now.
"Sorry. I prefer younger, single men. And I'm not a plaything for anyone who wants to use me. Plus..." I paused to deliver the coup-de-grace, "you've got a very small cock." I held my fingers perhaps four inches apart and looked across at his group, who laughed at their colleagues humiliation.
In retrospect, four inches might have been rather mean - it was maybe five - but my point was made. I allowed him to stand upright, enjoying the stunned look on his face.
"Sorry," I continued, "I'm sure you're a nice guy, and you're welcome to look as much as you like - but tonight, it's look, don't touch."
His face seemed angry at first, then he stepped back and said, rather mechanically, "I'm sorry to have wasted your time." He turned and walked back to his group, shrugging as his colleagues taunted him mercilessly. Several, including the women, raised glasses to me and smiled. I gathered that the man who approached was due to be brought down a peg or two.
BUZZ.
The ripples ran through me as I felt myself stimulated again. I wondered what people thought as I arched my back, closed my eyes and parted my lips. I also knew I was spreading my legs a little wider, showing more of my thighs - and possibly higher.
There was a thud, and I opened my eyes again. My bag was on the floor. Shit. I went to retrieve it, then realised what an opportunity this was.
I faced the group who had been in earlier, and who I knew had been gazing at me. I bent forward, allowing my top to fall away from my upper body, and exposing everything. Standing in this position meant my bum was pointing to the other group, and as I bent at the waist, I felt my skirt rise at the back, and knew that I was exposing at least two inches of skin above my stockings.
As I straightened, I glanced at the two groups of ogling men, gawping at my wanton display. Then I looked for Josh. He must have crept in while the creep was talking to me, and was sitting with his back to me, not ten feet away.
I went to sit on my stool again. BUZZ. This time, my skirt slipped right to the top of my thigh, and I know people must have seen my pussy and the fluorescent pink attachment. I flushed with embarrassment and excitement.
I resumed my previous pose, and for a while just enjoyed watching those fixated on me and offering the occasional flash of boob or upper thigh to reward their attention.
Out of nowhere, a woman appeared. She was young, maybe five or six years older than me, which made her mid-twenties. She held out a drink. I recognised her as one of the group with the man who had pestered me.
"Thanks," she said, "he's a pervy pain in the arse. He was certain you'd go with him."
I smiled, expecting her to go away, but instead, she stayed.
"I know what you're doing," she said, "I want to do it myself, but haven't got the nerve."
I looked at her in surprise.
"Oh, come on," she continued, "your boyfriend's here somewhere - I spotted your remote vib - and you're loving turning on all these guys. Every woman here's gonna get fucked tonight while their bloke's going to be imagining fucking you. And the guys on their own are gonna wank off over your tits."
I wasn't sure if she was jealous of me or voicing criticism, so remained silent.
She spoke again. "I'm jealous as fuck. How d'you do it?"
I shrugged. "It's my fantasy, turning guys on like this. My boyfriend sorted it out, so no choice. D'you have a boyfriend?"
"Yeah. I told him about this, and he loves it - but he's waiting for me."
"Try telling him to take you away for the night and buy the clothes for you to wear. That's what happened to me."
She nodded, smiling. "I like it. I'd love to meet your guy. Later, perhaps. Keep it going, babe."
She walked back to her group, and was high-fived by two of the other women. I knew she was hinting at a threesome, but tonight was for Josh and I after this. I was so horny, that I might have welcomed a threesome, but I wanted to feel his cum inside me while we were alone. It was a special night.
I was surprised Josh hadn't buzzed me while I talked to the woman - maybe he wanted to see how the conversation went. Then I looked across and saw that he was being chatted up by a woman from the quieter group. They were leaning together and laughing as the spoke. A quick glance made me aware that he knew I was watching.
BUZZ.
He was letting me know he hadn't forgotten me.
BUZZ. BUZZ.
Shit. I was getting so turned on. I really didn't want to orgasm here, but he was determined to bring me to the edge.
BUZZ.
Ooohhh. Closer still. My eyes closed and I pressed my legs together. I wanted to remove the vib to stop myself crying out or giving all the visible evidence of a climax, but that would mean going to the toilet and I knew that if Josh decided to buzz me on the way, my orgasm would be even more obvious.
I even considered pulling it out where I was sitting, but spreading my legs and dragging out the bright pink object would be more than obvious - my pussy would be on show to the whole room. I had to risk the toilet.
I went to stand, when:
"Hi. I'm Bren. Can I buy you a drink?"
I looked at the tall, good looking young man in front of me. Perhaps I could get some revenge on Josh, who was still chatting with the woman who had hit on him.
"Hi. I'm Jen. I'd love one." I surveyed the list of cocktails. "I really fancy 'Sex on the Beach'. Haven't had that since last week."
I leaned forward, flirting and flashing. Bren went to the bar, collected the drink, and as he came back, I deliberately moved my legs, allowing him a view which must have included several inches of thigh and more. He slowed his walk, staring at the exposed flesh.
"Um..." he began, uncertainly, "you've er... got a pink thing sticking out between your legs."
I almost laughed. He clearly had no idea what he had seen.
"Well..." I explained, "a girl's allowed some fun."
He looked confused, and this time I giggled gently.
"It's a vibrator. I have a little remote control, which I press from time to time to give myself a little 'buzz'."
BUZZ.
"Ooohhh, yyeeesss." I moaned, my body shivering.
Bren looked at me, and I wondered if he would run away. Instead, he smiled.
"Wow. You're one sexy babe. Wouldn't you prefer the real thing?"
I relaxed again.
BUZZ.
"Mmmmmm... Oh yes. I love the real thing. I like it to go deep and last for hours."
He grinned again.
"I can go deep - and maybe not for hours, but long enough and several times."
I put my hand on his bicep. He was firm and muscular as he moved in close. Using my arm and his to hide his actions, he slipped a hand into my top and stroked my nipple.
BUZZ.
Again, I went rigid. My pussy was so wet now. I could feel my juices flowing down over my buttocks, forming a wet patch on my skirt.
BUZZ.
I threw my head back, gritting my teeth as I fought against my orgasm.
I twisted slightly aside, dragging my breast off his hand. He seemed a little put out, so I slid my hand on to his erection. Quite impressive - not as big as Josh, but adequate. His trousers were loose, and I unzipped him, slipping my hand inside.
The light behind me highlighted my top half, but as I began to stroke him, I made sure we were in shadow. I worked quickly, using every trick I knew, rolling my hand around the smooth head, stimulating him as much as possible.
Despite his boasts, he had little staying power, and in less than five minutes, he gasped, his eyes glazed over and I felt his juices run over my hand. I wiped the head of his cock on the inside of his underwear, then withdrew my hand, wiping it on his jacket, before licking my fingers as he watched, wide-eyed.
"Was that good?" I asked. "When you're ready for round two, come and see me - if I'm still on my own."
BUZZ.
BUZZ.
Oh wow. I felt incredible. My pussy was pouring, and I was hornier than I'd been in my entire life. At that point, I think I would have taken on every man and woman in the room - but my need for Josh overpowered my instincts.
Bren walked off, stiff-legged and bending slightly forward. His ejaculate was leaking through the front of his trousers, and the streaks on his jacket were very evident. As he returned to his group, there was great hilarity. Another stood up, and I realised that they now planned to take it in turns visiting me, probably in hope of a handjob. I started to panic. No way could I do all of them.
Suddenly to my massive relief, Josh was in front of me.
"Hey, sexy, looking amazing."
I almost broke character at that point and flung myself on him, but I held back and surveyed him with a cool eye.
"Thanks. I like to make an effort. No-one here's worth it though."
He moved in close. "No-one? We'll see about that."
He ran a hand over my leg, onto my skirt and up to the plunging arm hole in my top, resting where Bren's hand had been, alongside my breast. I brought my knee up between his legs, massaging his balls with my thigh.
We chatted a little, as if it was the first time we had met, before I moved over to sit at his table. I think every eye in the room was on us - even the woman who knew exactly what we was going on - and possibly one or two who may have seen us together at dinner.
I glanced across towards the groups who had shown interest in me, and saw looks of amazement. How could this youngster possibly have scored with me when they couldn't? I think Bren's group wondered if Josh would get a quick handjob and be sent on his way as well. But no. That was definitely not happening.
I allowed Josh to talk with me, and let him slide his hand up my thigh, under my skirt. As he came near my soaking pussy, however, I pulled his hand away and stood up. Keeping hold of his hand, I dragged him to the dance floor.
It was hardly my sort of music, but I threw myself into the dancing, allowing my skirt to fly up, showing my bum to everyone, not to mention my pussy, and allowing my top to sway around, so that periodically, one or other of my boobs would pop out at the side. The people in that room must have seen everything. I loved it.
After three songs, I stopped and looked around. Every eye was on me, and as I smiled and dragged Josh back to our seats, I looked around the room. I wondered how many men were hard. Judging by the number hiding their crotches with hands, or crossing legs and leaning forward, quite a few. I grinned at them, imagining them wanking off later.
What I really felt was power. I could have had sex with any number of men in that room - and quite a few of the women - but I chose not to. I knew who I wanted, and that was enough.
I kissed Josh deeply and let my hand wander between his legs. That was when I felt the tap on my shoulder. Turning, I saw the woman from behind the bar.
"I'm really sorry. I know you're having fun, but one of the couples has complained. Would you mind leaving, please? I think everyone'll be disappointed."
She looked truly regretful as she spoke. I think everyone had been enjoying my little performance, but someone had to spoil it. I didn't mind, however. I was ready to round off the evening, and from the feel of Josh's erection, so was he.
We walked across the dance floor, and as we did, Josh put his arm around me. Not just that, he lifted my skirt, and placed his hand on my bare bum for all to see. I wondered if they could see my thighs sliding against one another, slick with my juices.
We dashed across reception, and as we went, I deliberately 'mooned' the staff. We entered the lift giggling and went to our room.
It took me less than thirty seconds to get naked, while Josh stood by the bed, still fully clothed. I lay back, spread my legs wide, opened my labia with one hand and pulled out the remote controlled vibrator with the other. It came away with an audible 'slurp'. I began to stroke my clitoris, firmly and with intent.
Josh made no move towards me, and I noticed he held his phone, recording me as I masturbated. I smiled for the camera, and lifted my knees. I rubbed myself more quickly, urgently needing the climax which had been close on so many occasions that evening.
With my practised fingers, it did not take long, and soon my head spun, I gasped and moaned, feeling the familiar pulse and throb between my legs. I let my head go back, my back arch and a long moan break from my throat. In time, my senses returned and I relaxed, licking my fingers for the benefit of Josh's 'home movie', before touching my clit again. It was electric, and I shivered, so sensitive now that I knew I would cum again with Josh, no matter how quickly he finished.
I was very aware of how turned on he was, and that he had probably been erect for most of the evening. I didn't care. I wanted him to hammer deep inside me, to fuck me hard and fast, cumming deep inside my yawning cunt. I felt dirty, slutty and desperate, but only for Josh. At that point, he could have done literally anything with me.
He was in no rush, however, seeing my need, and teasing. He stripped slowly, smiling tauntingly - but his cock gave him away. It seemed bigger than usual, ready to explode, the head purple and bulbous. I wouldn't dare handle or suck it, as I knew it would explode. As if to confirm this, a bead of precum dribbled from the tip.
He approached me and positioned himself between my legs, the swollen head nudging at my lips. But it was not what I wanted. With a quick movement, I flipped him over, kneeling above him. I had felt in control for most of the evening, and was not about to be submissive now.
I grabbed his erection, and guided him inside me, gasping as I felt him enter me, smoothly and easily. I flexed my thighs, moving up and down slowly and easily, grabbing my tits and squeezing my nipples hard.
I felt him rubbing the sensitive surfaces inside me, the engorged head provoking incredible sensations. I abandoned one breast, in order to stroke my clit, and was gratified when Josh's hand reached for my nipple. I began to bounce more rapidly and vigorously.
"Shit!" Josh exclaimed. "I'm gonna cum. Sorry."
I shook my head to let him know I didn't care as I plunged up and down, using him.
As I felt him swell inside me, my head started to spin. This time I know I screamed, so loud that I know the adjoining rooms must have heard. I felt warmth inside me as Josh's cum filled me. This was heaven. I knew I was rising to a different plain, every nerve ending hyper-sensitive, every sensation magnified, my body utterly consumed.
I know I squirted - I felt the evidence and saw it later. My pussy gushed its nectar over Josh's stomach, cock and balls, and my body was rigid until my orgasm passed.
I flopped onto him, utterly spent, before rolling off. I lay on the huge, wide bed, legs wide, feeling his seed and my juices run out of me. Then, suddenly, my clit was touched again. I opened my eyes and looked down.
Josh's head was between my legs, drinking at the blended cocktail of sexual liquids, tapping my swollen lips and clit, making me shudder.
He kept going for several minutes, before raising himself and taking me in his arms. He kissed me, long and deep, sharing the heady blend that he had lapped from my dripping pussy.
"Couldn't waste it," he declared, "and don't want to leave too much for the cleaners to deal with."
I giggled.
"I got some good footage tonight," he informed me.
Initially, I was shocked - how could he film me behaving like that? In private was one thing - but in public? Without my permission?
Then I mellowed. It'd be fun to watch back. See how I actually looked as a femme fatale - or some might say slut. I would dispute the latter description. There's a huge difference between exploiting the fact that men are so easily turned on by a female body, and simply giving it up to them. Personally, I felt in control, and loved it. I suppose giving one man a handjob might contradict that, but still - I was the one on control.
I wanted to watch immediately, but that would have broken the mood. Instead, I settled against Josh. I was still horny, still wanting to be touched and stimulated. I almost wished there was a stag party or similar, so I could perform as a stripper, even though being leered at did not fit my fantasy. I dismissed the idea. In that moment, it appealed. On deeper analysis, it did nothing for me. Still, in the moment, it was fun.
I wrapped myself around Josh, loving the feel of his body. He seemed to know my need, and his hand reached for my breast, toying with my nipple.
That night was a blur of sex and orgasms. We made love three more times, as Josh repeatedly demonstrated his youth by rising to the occasion. In between, he used his skilful fingers and artful tongue. Each time I wondered what those men in the bar would have given to be in his place. I felt indomitable.
We slept for a couple of hours, before realising we needed to check out of our room. I slipped into my bikini and put a bath robe over the top, before we made our way down to the spa. Sadly, we had missed breakfast, but there was plenty of food available to buy.
We spent the day swimming, in the sauna and steam room, swimming again and with a 'hot stones' treatment for me.
The best part was as we relaxed, we saw people from the previous night. Many shuffled away, embarrassed, but at one point, we were served with champagne which we had not ordered. Confused, we began to argue with the staff member, who said nothing, but handed me a note.
Many thanks for your display last night. It is something my wife and I have done in the past. Watching you brought back wonderful memories and gave us the sort of night we have not enjoyed in many years. Thank you from both of us xx
We looked around, finally, spotting a couple in their fifties. As we looked, they smiled and raised their glasses to us. I noticed they were holding hands and pressed against one another - very 'loved-up'.
I even got another note.
Thanks so much. Watching the men in our group made to look so foolish was a joy. If you ever need any promotional materials, just ask - Marie and all the girls at OH Advertising.
There was a phone number attached, and I knew that this was from the woman who had spoken to me the previous night. It was also quite useful. Maybe Josh's photography business had just received a massive boost.
It was early evening when we left, tired, but satisfied.
When we got home, my first job was to contact Connie and let her know about my fantasy becoming reality. Her response was ecstatic. She wanted to know everything - literally everything. I began to tell her, but it was too much for text messaging. We arranged to video-call later that evening.
Once home, we went straight to bed, not wanting to eat (as we had been eating for much of the afternoon), and slept for a few hours, setting the alarm to wake us up in time to chat with Connie and Chris.
We started by sharing videos from the evening with them, which had Connie bouncing up and down and Chris in utter disbelief, begging her to do the same with him. She gladly accepted, but admitted that they would need to save up.
We continued our call predictably, undressing and having sex, although I doubt if they were watching us - we certainly were not watching them.
Later, in bed, Josh talked with me. After the offer of free advertising, he was considering giving his photography business a go for a year, while he deferred his University course. He thought he might be able to talk with Marie at the advertising company and see if they could help him find a studio and accommodation.
Finally, we slept. Tomorrow promised to be a busy day.
We made love first thing in the morning, tenderly and passionately, before going downstairs for breakfast. For once, Debbie was there, hung over, but present. She asked where we had been, expressed envy at our romantic evening, and started asking about the photoshoots for her friends.
These were all arranged, and we went on to talk about our plans - if we could make the arrangements. She was excited, and wanted to start promoting as soon as possible - although it was barely a week before she returned to University herself.
Josh excused himself, and went to make his call to Marie, while I disappeared to prepare my room for the visit of Lacey and Brenda.
Half an hour later, Josh reappeared. He was totally elated.
"Marie was brilliant!" He exclaimed. "She's gonna print business cards and sort out a flyer for their office and anywhere else we want to put it. Plus, they've got the flat where they started the company. They use it for storage, but it's basically two small rooms that I can use as a bedroom and kitchen, and a large storeroom which I can turn into a studio and living area. A lot of their stuff in there can be thrown out, and I'll have to let them use it for storage still, but there's still plenty of space for me. They'll let me stay there free for six months, then I'll have an option to stay on for a small rent.
"Then I called Uni, and they're happy for me to defer. Apparently, the photography course this year was actually full, so I would have been refused. Next year, with the online course I've already got and a year working in the field, I'll get in easily. It works perfectly.
If it falls apart after six months, then I'll have to go back to mum and dad, but I've gotta try."
He even had my role planned. I would still go to the local University, living at home as planned, doing my own photography course. It was unlikely that I would teach him anything in my first year, as his existing course had covered a huge amount, but our shared knowledge would be extensive.
However, our immediate concern was our next shoot, which promised to be fascinating. We also had a shoot with an acquaintance of Debbie's the following morning - then we would be going to look at Josh's potential studio the next afternoon, along with Marie.
Brenda and Lacey arrived promptly, and we sat down to discuss the shoot. Lacey had some very clear ideas.
"I want to do some male and some female," they began, "and I've got some outfits. The sexier ones are female - obviously - and then Bren and I want to do some together. We'll see where that leads. I know you guys are open-minded and... well... it'll be good to investigate sexuality a bit, as well as gender orientation."
Brenda nodded enthusiastically.
"We've been trying a few things since we were last here," she said, "and we'd like to try them with you around, so you can help us again. It's... complicated. Lacey likes to play male and female rolls, and so I play both as well. I don't know how different it is, really, but let's say the strap-ons get a lot of use."
Josh and I were hardly fazed by this. Clearly, gender identity and sexuality were very different, so considerations about sexuality needed to be made in light of each gender identity.
The shoot began with Lacey wearing typically male clothing - quite standard really, jeans and t-shirts, shorts and vests. Their already flat chest was restrained by a binder, so Lacey actually looked male, albeit with very little muscle tone and a more feminine face shape.
Josh worked with lighting to make these features more masculine, and although some form of 'fake penis' was suggested, Lacey was satisfied to leave their shorts flat at the front.
After some fifteen minutes, Lacey changed into clothes to suit their female identity. The binder was removed, allowing their tiny breasts to form small nubs in t-shirts and vests, enhanced by padded bra.
I reflected on Lacey's small build, before deciding to ask straight out.
"Lacey, how d'you keep so slim? I know you were always small, but you're eighteen now, and don't seem to have grown for years."
They smiled, sadly, before replying. "I had anorexia a couple of years ago. I'm over it now, but still don't eat much. It was because I hated my body."
I nodded. Clearly, Lacey's journey had been a challenge, and this was just one more effect of what they had been through.
"Anyway," Lacey continued, "if I was six inches taller, I'd have the perfect figure for a supermodel, and no-one comments on them."
It was true. Slim hips, narrow waist, small breasts (I was guessing 32A) - a perfect shape for a model.
They selected a dress with thin shoulder straps, falling elegantly to the floor. It was silver-grey, and looked stunning. In truth, they were a perfect 'clothes-horse'. They accessorised the dress with black gloves to the elbow, and a black feather boa. It was a wonderful ensemble.
Then, without prompting, they began to remove a glove. The process took time, with pauses for a photo at each stage. Once the glove was off, they started on the other, this time with their teeth. They teased, fluttering eyelashes, seducing the camera, before posing with the glove in their mouth, and both arms raised in a celebratory stance.
The boa was hooked over the crook of their elbows, before first one hand, then the other, were raised to slide the straps off their shoulders. Every move was graceful, accompanied by confident smiles, before turning to present their back to the camera.
With hips thrust to the side, Lacey reached up and grabbed the top of the zip, sliding it down slowly. It revealed a narrow bra strap, black, standing out starkly against their pale skin, as they looked over their shoulder with a smile.
The great thing was, as Lacey performed this striptease, every move was accompanied with confident smiles, making the process fun - as if being performed for a lover, rather than a camera. It was a fascinating blend of stripping and undressing. More structured and sexy than one, less overtly sexual than the other.
Lacey shrugged the dress to their hips, where it was held in place by the waistband and the slight swell of their body. The boa was pulled back up to their shoulders after a couple of poses with it across their back, and they grabbed the waistband.
This time, instead of letting the dress fall, they slid it slowly and gently down their thighs, to their calves and over their feet. They bent from the waist, showing small black knickers - a triangle over their bum, up to a single strip of elastic round their waist.
There was no question about the femininity of the figure. The gentle swell of narrow hips made it very clear. They fell into a couple of poses, boa stretched behind their back, before turning in increments, allowing side views before facing forwards.
Lacey's breasts were small, but very definitely evident, contained in the triangles of the bra. The hard points of nipples were clearly visible. It was, without question, like watching a short supermodel. Brenda had applied make-up to highlight Lacey's cheekbones and electrifying eyes, and with short hair styled in a feminine manner now, the contrast to the male identity was stark.
I guessed that this performance had been researched and choreographed, and there was a definite grace and elegance as Lacey posed and slipped from stance to stance, using the boa as a clever prop, either to conceal, or to enhance.
Now they turned again, boa over shoulders and hooked through the crook in their elbows as they unfastened the bra. Turning again, Lacey hid their breasts, holding the bra cups in place with one arm, while the other shrugged off the strap, then swapped. With one arm concealing their nipples, the bra was pulled free, before being held aside and dropped to the floor.
Change now, the boa concealing, while the arms move freely, finally allowing teasing glimpses of nipple - seemingly accidental, but unconcerned - still the total, almost casual confidence.
Then the boa was hooked back, breasts fully bared as Lacey smiled sweetly. Their nipples were fully erect, as long and prominent as I remembered, with very small areolae surrounding them. I had seen topless pictures of famous models, and the likeness was striking, once again. It was a definite feature of small-breasted women.
For the first time, I spotted the scarring across their stomach. I guessed that Brenda had applied make-up. I knew Lacey wore the scars like a badge of honour, symbolising their suffering, but this was not about that. This was about glamour, and it was crucial that their body look as perfect as possible. Brenda had done well.
Now comfortably topless, Lacey began to slide off their knickers. They began with their back to us, showing their tight bum, revealing all as they bent forward, before standing and facing us, the small slit between their thighs very evident. Once again, posing with the boa was hugely effective, before it was finally cast aside, revealing Lacey in all their glory.
A final pose, like a gymnast finishing a vault, and the whole 'set-piece' was complete.
I had stripped for the camera many times, but never as gracefully as this. Nor with the confident expressions. It had been a wonderful display. Immediately after, Lacey flopped.
"I'm knackered," they informed us, "it's hard work. Not the undressing, the face and attitude. It's constant performance."
Brenda strode over and embraced her naked partner, moving them gently to the bed. They kissed, before Lacey looked up, realising for the first time, it seemed, that they were naked in a room with three fully clothed people. There was no embarrassment, just, it seemed, a realisation of the absurdity of the situation. As if to confirm this, they giggled.
"Well," they whispered, "if I'm going to sit here with everything on show, I'm not going to be the only one. Keep taking photos."
Lacey hooked their fingers under Brenda's t-shirt and lifted it over her head, still kissing, before diving to the button of her jeans. Brenda stood as the zip was unfastened, and they slipped down her legs, leaving Brenda in underwear. As Brenda sat again, the two of them kissing deeply, Lacey deftly unhooked her bra, not needing to break the kiss to remove it.
Finally, Brenda was pushed back on the bed, legs across Lacey's thighs, as the final item was deftly removed, leaving them both naked.
"There," nodded Lacey, "now I'm not the only one. I want to fuck now."
As the couple lay on the bed, kissing deeply, preparing to make love in whichever ways they had discovered, Josh handed me his camera, while he busied himself with another camera and a tripod, setting it to take automatic photos.
It was fascinating to watch the roles the two lovers took. Brenda pushed Lacey back gently, and I watched my friend bury her face between their thighs. I positioned myself to get the best photos, and focused on Brenda's lapping tongue, and her fingers thrusting deep into Lacey's wet hole.
I guessed that since we last saw them, they had been practising, as Lacey was soon bucking and sighing as they achieved orgasm. Brenda continued licking and thrusting until Lacey gently nudged her head aside. At that point, my friend looked up, licking her fingers lewdly.
Josh had been notable by his absence, but suddenly appeared, carrying several sex toys - dildos, vibrators, strap-ons and nipple clamps featuring among them.
Brenda gazed at them, first selecting nipple clamps, then a strap-on. She offered Josh some nipple clamps.
"Can you out these on Lacey, while I put this on?" She asked, selecting a strap-on some seven inches long.
Quickly, she strapped herself in, inserting one piece inside herself as she did. The strap-on was a clever device, which worked as both a surrogate penis, and clitoral stimulator, so as Brenda fucked Lacey, so she would get turned on.
Once she was ready, she stood over her partner, who lay back on the bed with their legs wide. Brenda placed the head of the fake cock on Lacey's wet pussy, and entered them - first gently, then ramming the last few inches firmly home. She began to thrust, kneeling upright, her hands rubbing Lacey's clit, occasionally drifting up to pull on the nipple clamps.
Lacey was incredibly sensitive, following their climax, and quickly began sighing and moaning, now teasing her own nipples, as Brenda herself started to gasp. With a strangled cry, Brenda suddenly stopped, thrust deep inside, and I realised she had reached her own climax, not bucking and bouncing, but with her body rigid, like Josh when he came.
I had continued taking photographs, and suddenly became aware of Josh behind me. He reached around my waist, unbuttoning my jeans and sliding them down my legs, along with my panties. I knew he was desperate to make love to me, so I laid the camera aside and rested my arms on the bed.
He had no problem entering me. I was very wet and ready for him, desperate to have him inside me, without all of our usual foreplay. He started to withdraw his length, then pushed forward again, beginning to establish our familiar rhythm.
Beside us, after a short break, Brenda and Lacey were preparing to continue their own activities. Brenda still wore her strap-on, but now Lacey, too wore one. Replicating my position, Brenda bent over the bed beside me, the piece of her own surrogate cock still inside her, while Lacey stood behind, this time entering her slowly, anally, as she gasped with pleasure.
We looked at one another, exchanging secret smiles as only friends can do, recognising that our friendship now had a deep bond which few actually achieved.
I was slightly jealous, in fact, that she was enjoying this double penetration, as it was quite a preference of mine, and I suspect that Josh read my mind. He withdrew from my soaking hole, and reached across, grabbing a vibrator and handing it to me.
I knew I would need to be careful, as he entered my back passage. My bum was very tight, he said, and added to vibrations from the toy in my pussy, it would be far too easy to make him finish far too quickly. Then I would need to wait to wait until he was ready again.
This would be no problem in terms of my own satisfaction - doing this would bring me to a very rapid climax - but I wanted to ensure that he could pace himself for whatever else might be to follow.
The smiles between myself and Brenda soon changed to more glazed looks. We began uttering small sighs, as we approached our orgasms, until suddenly, and quickly, we both emitted ecstatic groans - hers louder than mine - as we achieved our orgasms almost simultaneously. I suppose, being as close as we had always been, cumming together was predictable.
Josh withdrew from me, as Lacey withdrew from Brenda. I was rolled on to my back, legs wide on the edge of the bed as Josh dropped to his knees, licking me vigorously, leaving the vibrator in place to assist his eager tongue.
Brenda stood, and both she and Lacey removed the strap-ons, before Lacey was pushed onto the bed and Brenda performed in a similar way to Josh, just using a dildo rather than a vibrator to stimulate them internally.
I realised that, unlike the others in the room, I was still clothed on my upper half, and rapidly stripped, desperate to be as naked as everyone else (Josh must have finished stripping while behind me).
I looked at Lacey, who smiled at me and reached across tentatively to touch my boobs. I smiled back, welcoming the touch, despite the peculiar angle, lying back further to make my nipples more accessible. I would have returned the touch, but as Lacey still wore nipple clamps, I felt it would be superfluous.
This time Lacey and I orgasmed together - second time for both of us, and both, I was certain, feeling extremely sensitive. In some ways, I was jealous of this other couple - both could orgasm as often as they wanted without needing a break for more.
I reflected on this, knowing that despite Josh's need to rest after he came, he always brought me to orgasm, was happy to lick me or finger me after he had cum, and had no objection to me bringing myself to orgasm. I knew they were lucky, but there was no need for me to complain. I could orgasm as much as I wanted - and everyone needs a rest from time to time.
As Lacey and Brenda swapped, so did we. I licked the length of Josh's cock, as Brenda watched, flickering my tongue over his balls and back up his shaft before drawing the head into my mouth. He began thrusting in and out, fucking my mouth in the way I liked. I loved it when he almost made me gag on his semen.
Suddenly he stopped, and although I continued moving, he put a hand on my head.
I looked up, and he nodded toward Brenda, then bent down to whisper in my ear.
"I think someone's jealous. D'you want me to give Brenda a turn?"
I smiled and nodded, gently stroking myself as he presented his erection to Brenda. She engulfed it hungrily, sucking him rapidly and vigorously.
For a few seconds, I just stroked myself, enjoying watching the three of them - then I saw an opportunity.
Lacey was on their knees, bum in the air, head between Brenda's legs. Their pussy looked very wet, very swollen and very needy.
I selected another dildo, and moved behind them. Lying on my back underneath, head supported by a pillow, I brought my mouth up, slipping my tongue between their puffy lips and locating a very hard, engorged clitoris. Then I moved my hand to locate their slippery hole and push in the dildo. With my spare hand, I masturbated.
With all four of us connected like this, orgasms became almost a ripple down the line - Brenda, Lacey and I all enjoying the heady heights of our pleasure - only Josh held back - somehow.
We kept going for what seemed an age - until my neck was sore - and finally fell apart. All three with female parts were exhausted, pussies swollen and slippery - in need of rest, to return to more normal dimensions. Josh looked ready to explode.
Brenda was breathing heavily, as if she had just run a sprint, as she asked:
"Could we do the same as last time with Josh? We loved watching, as neither of us can do what he does - and we want to taste him again. Is that OK?"
I looked at Josh, who nodded, and agreed happily. This time, however, I would finish him with my hand, and let the two of them share the outcome.
Josh lay back on the bed, while Lacey and Brenda lay either side, their heads framing his cock. For a while, I left them to it, watching as they ran their tongues along his shaft, and took turns sucking him, moving up and down as they had seen me do. I thought, at one point, that my input would be unnecessary.
After some efforts on behalf of our friends, I decided to move in. I squatted over Josh's face, so that he could lick me, and took him in hand. I wanked him slowly at first, allowing my own pleasure to build, as he tongued me, and pulled my bum cheeks wide apart with his hands.
As my pleasure mounted, I stroked more quickly, building to my greatest speed as I was about to orgasm. And as I came, so did he. I did my best to share his spurts between the two willing mouths, but as tremors consumed me, and concentration wavered, I know that some of the cum splashed on hair and faces instead. Not that anyone seemed to mind.
We lay together, happily sated. My pussy felt tired. It was an odd sensation, but one I was used to. A gradual move from intense sensitivity to numbness - although, I suspect, it would take very little to become sensitive again.
We chatted for a while, laughing together, handling each other's bodies in an almost clinical way, and were still lying there when the front door opened and we heard Debbie pounding up the stairs.
There was frenzied action as everyone tried to find their clothing, and even as Debbie burst through the door, Brenda was still in her underwear, I was topless and Josh was still pulling on his jeans. Lacey had been quicker than the rest of us - maybe their clothes were looser - but they forgot to remove the nipple clamps, which showed prominently through their t-shirt.
Debbie looked at each of us, especially focusing on the outlined clamps beneath Lacey's t-shirt.
"Bloody hell," she muttered, "I miss all the fun. Next time, invite me, for fuck's sake."
She closed the door behind her, none too gently, and we collapsed in fits of giggles.
We sorted our clothing out properly, and rather reluctantly, before returning to the comfortable chat which made us friends. I was delighted. I had believed I was leaving Brenda behind, and feared that my sexual epiphany might break us up ultimately, but I was wrong. Instead, my awakening had moved her on, discovering not just sex, but her own sexuality, which previously had not even been a consideration.
Our next week would be busy. Not only were we sorting out Josh's flat - a whole new twist on the concept of a 'studio flat', but we would be publicising the business and getting started. Josh already had three shoots booked, and the promise of more to come.
Josh's phone pinged, and he read the message.
"It's Marcus. Him and Celeste are going to be nearby next week, visiting her cousin and his wife. They wanna know if we can get together. Celeste wants a proper shoot, apparently. What d'you think?"
I didn't have to think twice. The lovely couple who we met at a beauty spot close to Josh's house, and who had drawn us into a wonderful outdoor sexual experience would always be welcome. From the sound of it, they were after more than just drinks and a meal as well. I agreed quickly.
This time, my phone pinged. It was mum. I had to read the message twice. First to understand what she was asking, then once more to make sure I had read it correctly. I turned to Josh.
"Umm... I don't know how you're going to feel about this, but mum wants you to do a shoot." Josh's face fell, and I saw his mind racing to conclusions. Then he relaxed a little - maybe it was just a portrait. I went on quickly.
"She wants you to do a shoot for her work. A Christmas calendar." Josh relaxed. "They want to do a sexy calendar featuring the office staff, to be sold for charity."
Josh paled - the idea of my mum, sitting naked before him, holding a couple of iced buns in front of her boobs must have terrified him. He began to stammer, just as my phone pinged again.
"Ah - she says not her. Apparently she thinks you'd find it a bit embarrassing. Six other girls at the office are willing to do it, and they want it done soon, so they've got plenty of time. Four months should be fine."
Clearly, Josh still felt uncomfortable, so I encouraged him. This would be great. Not only might he pick up more work from it, but there might be local media coverage. Eventually, he nodded.
"I'd better call Marie," Josh mumbled, "tell her I need to be in there as soon as possible."
Grabbing his phone, he made the call. I tuned out, thinking about the potential of our new venture - not just financially, but as a source of endless fun and pleasure. As he finished the call, I turned to him.
"They can clear it today, and we can get in tomorrow," he informed me. "They love the calendar idea, and want to do one themselves - a promotional one. They'll pay me for it, my name's gonna be on every copy. Shit. I hope I'm up to this."
"Well," I soothed him, stroking his thigh, and resting my hand on his penis, "for a start, it's 'us', not just you."
I unzipped him, slipping my hand into his jeans and feeling him stiffen. "And I think we'll be fine."
I pulled out his member, stroking the shaft gently, but firmly. "If nothing else, it's something to get our teeth into."
I bent forward, nipping the head of his cock, gently with my teeth. "We'll just have to suck it and see."