On the trip home the taxi moved slowly down the road with Megan and myself in the back seat. It was two in the morning and my head was swimming; the fact that I had lost track of the number of drinks I had fairly early on wasn't helping but the alcohol was just part of the issue. Barely restrained lust was on the verge of boiling over too. Megan had explained before we left that being in a small town, everyone knew each other and half the band we were going to see were friends of hers. That was fine, I knew I could control myself, well I hoped I could anyway.
I was really looking forward to doing the whole adult thing of drinking at a bar and watching a band. The band were actually pretty good and played a lot of music I liked with a mix of rock, blues and rockabilly. A lot of it was covers but they also threw in a few originals that were pretty good too.
As the night wore on we had more to drink and I was really starting to feel it. Megan was having a great time making me dance with her as she flirted with me enough to make me rock hard but nothing so obvious to her friends. In between sets the band came and sat down with us. At one point, mid-conversation with the bass player, I felt a hand my knee and I knew it was Megan. Over the next ten minutes, I felt her hand slowly creep up my thigh until she was teasing the underside of my cock with her fingertips and giving me the occasional squeeze. I tried not to show my pleasure in what she was doing but it was so hard to keep a straight face.
When the band got up to play again Megan made a point of dancing with me in a way that leads to a lot of rubbing together of our bodies. I was sure her friends would see but they remained oblivious and nobody seemed fazed.
At one point we were standing at the bar having a drink and she turned to face the band and leaned back against me. She put one hand behind her back and suddenly I felt my fly come undone. I froze, wondering what she was going to do. Her hand snaked into my fly and her fingers wrapped around my rigid cock. Her hand slowly slid up and down a few times then her fingers found the pre-cum leaking out of me and began spreading it all around the head of my cock. Her hand felt so good as she slid her fingers up and down the length of my cock a few more times. I couldn't believe she was jacking me off in a bar, in front of all her friends no less. She removed her hand, clearly not wanting another cum explosion and in such a public place. She turned around once again and faced me. My cock was still somewhat exposed with my fly open like that and I was concerned someone would notice. With her back to her friends, she raised her sticky fingers to her mouth and sucked each one clean.
It wasn't long after that that we found ourselves in this taxi on our way home again. Although Megan was deep in conversation with the driver who she obviously knew, I was still reliving that moment she licked my pre-cum off her fingers. I was hard again and a little uncomfortable because of it. Megan drew me out of my reverie by reaching across and taking my hand in hers. The conversation between her and the driver didn't skip a beat but my heart sure did. If the driver looked into his mirror and saw us holding hands he would have some very interesting questions run through his mind. If we were caught fooling around at all it could ruin Megan's reputation but I have to admit the fear of being caught certainly added to the excitement of it all.
Slowly she moved my hand to her thigh. Not entirely sure of what she was doing I left my hand there as she lay it out flat, palm down, onto her thigh. When I didn't do anything she placed her hand over the back of mine and began to move it up towards her crotch. The whole time she kept talking to the driver. She removed her hand from mine for a moment and I felt her moving then her hand returned to mine. She slid my hand up higher until she was pressing my fingers firmly against her pussy through her jeans. Her fingers pushing on mine, showing me what she wanted and how. I began applying pressure myself and I could feel an intense heat through her pants. I pushed in hard and began a circular motion. I had no real idea of what I was doing but when Megan hissed in a breath and squeezed my hand in harder I knew I was doing something right. I kept up the motion for a little longer until she made a sound in the back of her throat and squeezed her thighs together hard. I immediately stopped moving then went to take my hand away, fearing I had done something wrong.
Megan grabbed my hand and leaned over to me.
"No no don't stop... Here."
She scooted forward slightly then when we were in a darker section of road between street lights she took my hand and slid straight down the front of her pants. It was like my fingers were hypersensitive as I felt the smooth skin of her lower belly, the slightly rough curls of her pubic hair, then the very moist, puffy lips. I applied just a little bit of pressure with my middle finger and her lips parted, all but sucking my finger in between them. Her pussy was so much hotter and wetter than I expected it to be and the suddenness of it all had me on the verge of cumming in my pants.
I had to take a few deep breaths and try to think of other things for a few seconds to delay and calm myself down. Megan moved her hand off mine and out of her pants to create a little space for me, then placed it back over mine outside her jeans. She again applied some pressure and began guiding my hand with her own. I heard a quiet moan escape her mouth but she soon went back to talking with the driver. I began moving my hand myself and was rewarded with another quiet moan. My middle finger was sliding up and down in her wet slit while the finger either side squeezed her puffy lips together and pushed my middle finger in deeper and harder. I could feel Megan's hips gyrating as she tried to guide my finger by moving her body.
I applied more force as she pushed against me and I sped the motion up a little. As I did I noticed she was getting wetter. Obviously, I knew girls got wet when aroused but this was so much more than I thought would be the case. It felt great and the wetter Megan got the more I enjoyed it. I was sliding my fingers up and down as far as her jeans would allow and on the downstroke, Megan began lifting her hips a little until eventually, my finger slipped inside of her. Megan moaned a little louder and I moaned as well as I realised I was inside her. It felt incredible; Hot, wet, tight but also incredibly slippery. Just the thought of my cock in my fingers place was incredible. I knew without knowing that it would feel incredible.
Megan started pushing harder and faster against my hand. She was making short hard breaths and gasping like a fish out of water. The struggle to stay quiet and not let on to the driver was becoming near on impossible for her. She turned her head and her eyes met mine. It was a look of combined shock and a burning desire.
"Oh oh oh"
She gasped and it finally dawned on me that Megan was coming. Coming because of me and what I was doing. Her hands reached up and roughly grabbed at her own breasts, squeezing them roughly. Her eyes never lost contact with my own until they rolled back and closed. As they did I felt her pussy contracting spasmodically and then a sudden flood drenched my hand.
I had no idea what was happening. Had she lost control of her bladder? Was this normal for a girls orgasm? There was a part of me that loved it so much that I wanted to make her do it again. I began to move my finger again but this time Megan leapt like she had been electrocuted. She immediately grabbed my wrist.
"No no, please, stop moving."
Whispering urgently and looking forward to see if the driver had noticed anything. She began tugging at my arm to get me to remove my hand from her pants. I obliged and was shocked at just how wet my hand was.
"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god."
I was worried Megan was having second thoughts about what had happened. Maybe she regretted it. Maybe she would send me home and just say that it wasn't working out or she would tell my parents that I had done something wrong and that she couldn't have me there anymore. Megan looked up and her eyes widened, then she began scrabbling about trying to do her pants up. She lifted her hips and did that wiggle thing to help pull her pants up a little higher. She was looking around through the windows and desperately trying to get her pants done up without alerting the driver. I looked up and realised we were about to pull in to Megan's driveway and understood her panic. There was nothing I could do but keep out of the way. The car crunched to a stop in the gravel and Megan opened the door straight away. She managed to stand up and do up the top button of her pants all in the one motion.
I got out the other side and watched as the taxi drove off down the driveway. Megan turned to me with fire in her eyes and initially, I thought she was pissed off at me but she soon corrected that idea. She prowled over to me like an animal about to strike.
"Well well well. You are a naughty boy making me cum all over your hand like that."
Considering the fact that she put my hand down her pants made the accusation seem a little unfair but I also figured now was not the time to be arguing with her. She turned towards the light coming from the house and pointed to the large wet spot on the front of her jeans.
"Look at what you did."
I was surprised that she came so much. I mean I had watched porn before so I knew some women got wetter than others and some even squirted sometimes but I always thought that was a bit fake. I couldn't stop myself from smiling though because in truth I was somewhat proud of myself.
"Oh, think you're clever making me cum like that do you?"
"A little bit."
"Oh, you do huh? Well if you're so damn clever, let's see if you can do it again."
Megan grabbed my hand and led me inside the house. She went straight through without bothering to turn on any lights. She was a woman on a mission. She led me straight into her bedroom then turned around to face me. She wrapped her arms around my neck and began kissing me. It was an intense kiss, full of fire and tongue and lips. It was wet and passionate and completely out of control.
My hands began to roam all over her ass and her back. I was torn between wanting to feel every part of her and pulling her in close to my body to feel her pressed against me. My cock was throbbing painfully in my jeans and was desperate to be let out of its confines but I was afraid that I would lose control the moment it was.
Megan drew back for a moment to take a breath and I took advantage of the situation and kissed her throat. Megan moaned as I did and it almost tickled as the vibration hit my lips. I kissed my way down her throat to her collar bone where I was interrupted by the neck of her t-shirt. At this point, it was like I was in a trance of lust. I was on autopilot and my hands just seemed to know what to do. I took hold of the bottom of her shirt and raised it over her head, only stopping my kissing long enough to let the material go past. I dumped her shirt on the floor and began running my fingers all over her back and sides. Still, I went on relentlessly kissing my way down her chest. The swell of her breasts felt amazing. So soft yet firm and the skin was so silky soft against my lips. My hands reached up to her back and although there was a little fumbling I still managed to release the clasp of her bra without taking my lips from her skin. I could feel her heart pounding under my lips.
"Mmm yes. Undress me as a man should. Undress me and make love to me, Nate."
Her bra released the weight of her breasts and I found myself between them. I could feel them pressing against my face from both sides and there was something beautiful and comforting in that. I turned my head and felt her soft flesh press against my face then Megan's hand began running through my hair and applying pressure as though directing me but without being pushy.
I don't recall how it happened but in what seemed like seconds, or perhaps hours or even weeks I found myself naked raised above Megan's body so as not to crush her with her nipple in my mouth. Megan was growling a purr of satisfaction as she ran her hands through my hair. It was at this moment that I remembered just how wet she got in the car when I made her cum. I wanted to do that again. I wanted to make her cum over and over until she couldn't stand it anymore.
My hand snaked down her belly until it reached the waistband of her Jeans. I instinctively undid that top button and was delighted to discover that she hadn't bothered to do the others up again. I wanted full access this time, I didn't want to have my hand crushed inside her jeans, I wanted the freedom to move. I reluctantly released her nipple and continued to kiss my way down her soft belly, past her belly button until my lips encountered the line of her pubic hair. The scent of her was strong in my nose and it was like the wildest perfume I had ever smelt. It was intoxicating and I wanted to taste her. I had no fear of whether I would like her flavour or not, I knew I would love her taste just by the glorious smell of her arousal.
I stood up at the end of the bed between her outstretched legs, my cock swinging before me with a drop of pre-cum hanging from its tip, and admired the view momentarily before leaning in and grabbing her jeans. I pulled them slowly down her legs and off her bare feet. She now lay before me, naked, wanton and all but burning with desire. The way she looked at me made me feel like more of a man than I ever had before.
Megan moved up the bed a bit until her head was resting on the pillow, then with her legs still spread wide open she beckoned me to her. I didn't need to be told twice. I got onto the bed between her legs then leaned forwards and placed a kiss on her belly just above her pubic hair. I kissed her again and again as I moved slowly down until I felt the top of her pussy. I kissed my way further down, using my thumbs to part her lips as I went. I kissed every feature of this new landscape and loved how soft and wet and delicate she felt beneath me. I let my tongue trail from the top of her slit all the way down to her opening. I could see her juices glistening and I lapped at them like I was starving and her cum was the only thing that could quench my thirst. Megan moaned and writhed beneath me as though trying to direct my tongue to her most sensitive parts.
I tried to push my tongue as deep inside her as I could claim all of her cum and she moaned again. I ran the tip of my tongue gently around her opening, flicking it like a snake tasting the air and sighed. She reached down and put her hand on the back of my head and pulled me up a little, directing me to the top of her pussy again. I began licking, then sucked the soft fleshy nubbin there into my mouth. She moaned loudly and held my head firmly in that position. I knew I was onto something now so I slid my tongue back and forth over that tiny nubbin and Megan's hips began to twitch.
I loved that I could make her feel this good as she cried out again. I could feel her pussy getting wetter as I continued my onslaught and her cum was coating my chin. I released her clit and moved back down to taste her cum as it oozed from her. Then went back to her clit. I kept this up for I have no idea how long but each time I went back to Megan's clit her cries got higher and higher until eventually she cried out and with both hands held my head in place on her clit as her hips bucked violently. I was unable to breathe and all but drowning in her cum and wouldn't have had it any other way. This was heaven, making someone lose control of their body in pure pleasure and all because of what you were doing was the greatest thing I had ever experienced. I was hooked, there was no turning back now, not after this. I had to have more, if this was a drug then I was an instant addict.
Megan released my head and I came up for air. Megan's chest was heaving as she had just run a marathon and the look on her face was a mixture of shock and lust.
"There's no way you haven't done that before."
"I swear I haven't, did I do okay?"
"Okay? Okay! Holy fuck that was good. Most men aren't interested in hanging around long at that but you...you...Oh god! I am still having aftershocks."
"So, that's good?"
Megan made a sound that was half chuckle, half disbelief.
"No, not good... fucking amazing. You can stay here as long as you want to if you will keep doing that to me."
I felt like I was glowing under her praise.
"Now, if you don't put that cock of yours inside me real soon I'm going to go crazy."
Suddenly I was back to being nervous. Would I do it alright? Would I cum too quick? Would I be a disappointment? I straightened up and moved up between her outstretched legs. I was unsure of the procedure, who does what, how do I get it to line up properly? But I needn't have worried. As I crawled over her Megan took my cock gently in her hand and aimed the end at her opening. I began to push forward with my hips until I felt the warm slippery flesh of her begin to envelop me.
"Slowly, lover, slowly."
I gently eased inside her and I was sure I had found paradise. The way she fit me so perfectly was incredible. Her warmth enveloped me like the most caring hug. I could feel her folds opening to me as I slid further into her. My cock was twitching, on the verge of coming but I managed to hold off. Once I was as deep inside her as I could be, I could feel our pubic hair mashed together and my body had the urge to begin stroking but Megan held my ass firmly as she looked me in the eyes.
"Just hold still for a bit and let it ease off. Let me feel you deep inside me."
I held as still as I could until I felt her pussy begin rippling around my cock, almost like she was slowly milking me with her pussy. She smiled up at me as she saw the look on my face.
"Does that feel good?"
"Oh god, it feels amazing. You feel incredible."
"Good. Now, I want you to slowly start stroking in and out."
I immediately did as I was told. I slowly began pulling out. Megan could feel when I was close to coming all the way out and pushed on my ass to push me back in. The feeling of her was incredible, the way she squeezed my cock as it slid back into her, drawing moans from us both. I did it again because the first time felt so good then, again and again, pumping harder each time. Megan tilted her hips a bit and wrapped her legs around mine, effectively locking me inside her and still I continued to pump harder and harder. We were both calling out and sweat was running down my body.
"Oh ... oh ... oh... yes ... fuck ... me ... fuck ... me ... fuck ... your ... dirty ... Aunt."
I don't know exactly what it was about this sentence that set me off but I became like a wild animal. Pounding my cock as hard as I could into her. I wasn't trying to hurt her but a part of me worried that I was. The whole time though she was grunting and showed no sign of pain or wanting me to stop. I pounded harder and harder, watching her tits bounce up and down her chest until they were almost hitting her in the face. Megan was coated in our sweat and was glowing in the light of the lamp in her room. Then it hit me. My orgasm roared up on me like a freight train at full speed and I had about as much hope of stopping it.
"Oh! Oh! Oh!"
I was practically roaring but Megan was cheering me on.
"Oh, yes. That's it. Cum for me. Fill me with your cum."
I saw stars. It was like an out of body experience. I came so hard it almost hurt. I forced my cock as deep and as hard into Megan's body as I could and released a torrent. It just kept going and going. Megan was all but purring.
"Yes, that's it. Give me your cum. Oh, I can feel it squirting inside me. It feels so good."
I was mesmerised by her eyes. It was like my soul was locked onto hers through her eyes. My arms trembled as they supported my weight and Megan's legs were still locked around mine. I was panting like I had run a marathon but I had never felt so satisfied in my life. I was beginning to get quite wobbly as the adrenaline began to wear off and I didn't want to fall on Megan.
"I need to move or I am going to fall."
Megan smiled a radiant smile and released me from her grasp. I slowly moved back and as my cock slipped from her body I sat back on my heels. There was the most gorgeous sight I had ever laid eyes on. Megan, naked, wet with a mixture of sweat, her cum and mine. I looked at her pussy and I could see it was still pulsing as it gaped open a little and a stream of our cum flowed out and down over her ass. It was a very inviting site and if I had had more stamina I would have happily cleaned her up with my mouth. I had never tasted a man's cum before but the thought didn't repulse me, I mean I hadn't tasted a woman's before tonight either. The thought of making Megan cum though was very exciting and the temptation was strong but my body was exhausted and beginning to shut down.
I don't remember much after that. I laid down next to Megan and asked the only question that mattered in the world right at that moment.
"Did I make you feel good?"
Megan chuckled.
"You surprised me. You made me feel incredible."
I began to doze off and was awakened by a strange sensation. Megan had got up and been to the bathroom. She had brought back a warm, wet flannel and was cleaning our combined fluids from my skin, gently, lovingly. She then pulled the sheets up over us both and I was sound asleep in seconds.