Hello and welcome a sillier story than usual which as always is a bit of a slow burner, about a sister who finally gets to live out her exhibitionist fantasies by exploiting an unusual and very daring loophole. It shouldn't be taken too seriously but I hope you all find it entertaining regardless, and as always any comments or feedback are much appreciated. Enjoy!
*****
'La de da de dum...' Tessa Connolly hummed carefreely as she strolled across the empty lady's changing room, carefully adjusting the towel which was wrapped around her bust as her wet feet slapped loudly against the tiled floor.
'What the...' The young undergraduate student, who was in the first year of her degree, found her locker and gasped in surprise when she pulled it open as to her horror someone had come in and stolen all of her clothes as she showered! All the other women had left a long time ago, so she was now alone in the changing room and there was no one to ask for assistance. What a disaster.
'God damnit.' Tessa sighed with annoyance as she accepted the reality of her situation, then she headed to the exit and walked out into a deserted corridor. Across the hall was the men's locker room and without knocking Tessa pushed open the door and slipped inside. The university's rugby team had just finished a training session so the room was hot and humid as the steam from the communal showers hung heavily in the air. All around her were young athletes in various stages of undress, some walking around with towels around their waists, some pulling on their outdoor clothing after drying themselves off, and to her interest some wore nothing at all. After shamelessly admiring the selection of naked flesh on display Tessa remembered why she was there, and stepped forwards hesitantly.
'Umm, hi guys...' She spoke loudly as so far her presence had gone unnoticed, which to be honest she found quite impolite. This immediately worked as her unexpectedly female voice instantly drew everyone's attention, and thirty curious pairs of eyes swung round to look her up and down. Tessa suddenly became very conscious that she was only wearing a pretty thin, small towel, but she didn't let that faze her as she cleared her throat.
'Err sorry to bother you all, but someone stole all my clothes from my locker? And there's no one in the girls' changing room, so I thought I'd come here for help...'
The captain of the team, a rough, muscular giant of a man called Dwight, was the first one to react. Still wearing his sweaty rugby jersey and shorts he swaggered over to Tessa, checking out her barely covered body as he approached, then stopped and looked down at her as he licking his lips hungrily.
'What's your name, girl?'
His voice was deep and harsh, and Tessa liked that. She physically had to crane her neck back to be able to look up at his ruggedly handsome face, as he must have been over a foot and a half taller than her, and twice as wide.
'It's Tess.'
Dwight nodded thoughtfully as he loomed over the very short student.
'Tess... well, Tess, I'm sorry to hear about your clothes, but we'll be happy to lend you some new ones...'
Tessa beamed gratefully up at him.
'Oh that's so kind, thank you!'
'But for a price, of course.' Dwight flashed her a wide grin and Tessa thought that he looked a bit like a shark.
'What do you mean?'
She bit her lip shyly as she nervously looked around her, and wondered what the captain had planned. All the other boys, even the ones who had been soaping themselves up in the shower and were still naked and dripping wet, had now come to the middle of the room and formed a large circle around her. Now they all looked a bit like sharks, eyeing up their prey, and Tessa felt like a pretty small fish by comparison. Dwight nonchalantly reached out and gently rubbed the edge of her towel between his finger and thumb, toying with the material as he spoke in his low, gravely tone.
'Well, how about you swap this here for some shorts and a shirt? That seems like a fair trade to me. What do you think lads?' There was a general muttering of agreement, and Tessa gulped as she glanced around at all of the nodding faces that surrounded her.
'Umm...'
She blushed and eased his hand away, looking down at the floor as she suddenly felt uneasy. Dwight shifted back slightly and looked at her questioningly, waiting to see what her response would be.
'Well?'
He was more than a little surprised when Tessa looked back up at him, because he saw an unmistakable sparkle of mischief glinting in her eyes, and her answer made the surrounding audience take in a sharp collective breath.
'Ok boys, it's a deal.' Tessa let herself savor the moment as she reached up and unfastened her towel, still holding it wrapped across her tits as she looked around at everyone's gawking faces, satisfied to see that she had successfully commanded all of their attentions. You really could hear a pin drop, or cut the sexual tension in the room with a knife, and she knew the power she held over all these horny young men. Tessa loosened the towel just enough so that she could slip it down over her boobs, before cruelly pausing at the point where her nipples were just threatening to pop into view, so that she could enjoy her control for a second longer. Finally she gave everyone what they wanted as she pulled the towel completely down over her magnificent tits, baring them triumphantly to the room. She knew she had phenomenal breasts, ones that every girl would kill to have, and inside she was glowing as everyone's eyes greedily locked onto her proudest features.
'So lads, does everyone like what they see?' Tessa slowly rotated through one hundred and eighty degrees, letting the boys behind her get a nice long look at her top half, and then she glanced over her shoulder to bat her eyelids suggestively at Dwight who was gently rubbing himself through his shorts. He smiled slightly as their eyes met, but then his gaze was immediately redirected as Tessa distracted him by slowly loosening her grip on the towel around her waist. She kept it bunched tightly at the sides by her hips so her pussy remained covered up, but she let the towel gradually slip down her butt, teasing it lower and lower until her bare ass was fully exposed. She arched her back to make her booty pop out further, and then sensually swung her hips round again until she was back facing the team's captain.
'Ready?' Tessa didn't get a response from Dwight, so she finished her strip tease by straightening her spine and taking in a deep breath to steady her nerves, then boldly dropping her towel and letting it fall to the floor. Tessa, who at that point in her life had only ever had sex with two guys, now stood completely naked in the middle of a group of over thirty men. She stretched out her body by reaching up and running her hands through her damp, tousled hair, and seductively shifted her weight from one leg to the other as she let the rugby boys drink in every inch of her nude figure. God this felt good...
'Damn...' Dwight nodded approvingly and Tessa grinned as she stepped deliberately towards him, exaggeratedly swaying her hips as she maintained unwavering eye contact with the gigantic man. Their bodies met as Dwight reached out to take a handful of her left breast in his huge palm and squeezed it appreciatively, playfully thumbing her quickly hardening nipple as he studied her boobs close up.
'Very nice indeed...' he murmured, as his other hand continued to rummage in his shorts.
Tessa giggled as she looked down and watched him fondling her infront of all his teammates, then she reached out a hand of her own and placed it on his chest, feeling his firm pecs beneath his shirt tightening at her touch. She lowered her voice into a huskier, sexier tone and addressed the testosterone filled room.
'You know lads, I'm so grateful that you're willing to help me out, I don't what I'd have done without you. In fact, please let me show you all my appreciation...'
Tessa sank down and settled into a squat, resting on her heels as her pussy peaked out from between her butt cheeks, and she gasped excitedly when she pulled down Dwight's shorts and boxers and heaved out the largest dick she'd ever laid eyes on, even though he was wasn't even hard yet. She decided not to use her hands at first, so instead she planted her palms on his tree trunk thighs, opened wide and leant forwards. She angled her head back as she carefully fed his soft shaft into her mouth, but such was Dwight's length and girth she could only fit in a few inches before her throat was jammed full. Tessa compromised by playfully rolling her tongue over his bell end a few times, gently licking his tip until she felt him gradually start to stiffen inside her, and only then did she release his cock which slipped out from between her lips with a wet pop.
'Umm, hello, anyone else? Come on guys, don't be shy...' She blinked up eagerly at all of the bewildered faces staring down at her, then smiled devilishly as those looks of disbelief quickly transformed into ones of uncontrollable lust. The rugby lads quickly unzipped their trousers, dropped their towels, or started to stroke their already naked dicks, as they all shuffled forwards and began to crowd in tightly around her.
The horny university student grinned, this is what she'd been waiting for.
'That's more like it... now be patient guys, I can only do three of you at a time...' Tessa reached up to her left and right to grab the first two erections that bumped into her hands, and as she started to enthusiastically jerk them off Dwight gripped her hair and used it to pull her head back down onto his cock. Tessa gagged slightly as his erection hit the back of her throat, but quickly regained her composure and started to suck him off again with gusto. This is amazing, thought Tessa, she felt like or pornstar in some depraved group sex scene, except that this wasn't her job, she wasn't getting paid to do this, she just wanted to know what it felt like to be used like a slut. She let go of the two cocks she was grasping and felt around for a fresh pair, then started to wank them off too, just because she could. Dwight kept her head pinned in place as he continued to face fuck her, aggressively thrusting in and out of her mouth as he hunched over and whispered into her ear.
'Just three guys at a time? I think you can easily do four, at least.'
Tessa broke away and smiled up at him greedily, as small teardrops streamed down from the corners of her eyes and sticky strings of saliva dribbled out of her mouth.
'You make a good point. Ok lads, I can take one more of you, for now at least.' She felt strong pairs of hands firmly grip her around the waist and pull her up, so she was now standing bent over at ninety degrees with her butt sticking out behind her. She tried to look back to see what was going on but her view was blocked by a sea of erections which were waggling around, their tips all eagerly pointing towards her face.
'Woah! Easy lads, there's enough of me to go around! Now you boys back there, be gentle...'
A thick pair of fingers slipped in between her thighs, running over her lips to see if she was wet enough, and when the answer was obviously yes someone's dick, she had no idea who's, was firmly inserted into her pussy from behind. Yep, Tessa thought, it turned out that taking four dicks were in fact very doable, and as she started to blow Dwight's cock again she realised that she was now getting spit roasted, another long time fantasy of hers. As she started giving out two new guys handjobs she marveled at the sensation of being fucked roughly from both ends, but soon her mind strayed and she began to wonder if she could jerk off four people at once, if they didn't mind their dicks rubbing together in her palms. And maybe if Dwight was willing to share then she could fit a couple of cocks in her mouth at the same time too? And then of course she still technically had one more hole left to fill, so that would add up to a total of eight men using her simultaneously... mmm....
'Tessa?'
Her musings and calculations were interrupted as she heard a familiar but unwanted voice calling out her name.
'Tessa?'
She groaned as suddenly all the naked and erect young men around her started to dissolve away into thin air, and even Dwight's throbbing dick began to fade from existence and disappear from her hungry mouth...
'Urgh, no, please not now...'
*****
'Tessa?'
'Oh, God... why...' Tessa Connolly lay back on her bed, one hand keeping her buzzing vibrator pressed firmly in between her thighs whilst the other aggressively clasped and toyed with her boobs, tweaking and tugging at her nipples as she pleasured herself. Her favorite author on Literotica, ThanksForAllTheFish, had just uploaded the final chapter of the excellent University Adventures series, and so Tessa was treating herself to a lazy afternoon of masturbation, taking her time as she soaked in the wonderfully paced, superbly written, and overall top tier erotic literature. She'd finished the final page and had let her imagination roam free as she built towards a very intense orgasm, and her striptease-rugby-gangbang-bukkake fantasy had just been getting good when her mum's call from downstairs had completely ruined it.
'Tessa! Come down here please, I need your help!'
'For God's sake...' Tessa squeezed her eyes shut in frustration and cursed her mother's poor timing. 'I'm coming Mum!'
Well the problem was she wasn't cumming, not yet anyway, and although she did briefly consider ignoring her mum and powering through, everyone knows that finishing yourself off under time pressure is never quite as satisfying as taking your sweet time. So with a deep sigh Tessa turned off her vibrator and quickly hid it under her pillow, before tugging her t-shirt back down over her hips and then looking around for her shorts. She was about to put them on without bothering with any underwear but she could feel how sticky and wet her pussy had become, so she went to her closet and pulled out a thong.
'Tessa, now please!'
'I said I'm coming!'
Tessa pulled on the rest of her clothing and quickly ran to the bathroom to wash her hands, then made her way downstairs to find her Mum waiting for her in the hallway.
'Can you help me unpack the shopping sweetie?'
'Yeah, sure.'
The pair trudged out to the car, Tessa not even bothering to put on shoes as she trod carefully over the concrete driveway and pavement, and then she stood waiting patiently as her mother passed her bag after bag of groceries to carry back inside. Tessa's first term at university had only finished a couple of days ago and so this was the first time in a few months that the whole family were back together at home, and they'd had to get in a huge amount of food to keep everyone happy.
'Really Tessa you shouldn't be out here dressed like that, it's not decent.' Her mother looked accusingly at her daughter's shirt, but Tessa just played dumb. She was one of those very short and very pale white girls, the kind who have mostly standard physiques but who are also, for some unknown reason, blessed with inexplicably large boobs. You know the type, women who were almost like undercover agents in the way they can hide their sexiness, the sort who don't look particularly special until you see what's hidden under their tops, and then bam! Once you notice those puppies, you'll never look at them the same way again.
Tessa frowned as she accepted another bag. 'What?'
Her mum tutted in annoyance. 'Look at them dear, you really should wear a bra you know, considering your... proportions. Otherwise people will stare.'
Even though Tessa's nipples had long since returned to a softened state it was still very obvious that she wasn't wearing anything beneath her shirt, as the fabric of her top was stretched tightly across her huge tits which wobbled freely whenever she moved. Normally her cumbersome boobs meant she always needed a bra, but she'd taken hers off earlier when she was playing with herself and hadn't deemed it necessary to put one back on
'It's just the side of the road mum...' Tessa rolled her eyes as she nodded to gesture up and down the deserted suburban street. 'I really don't think anyone cares.'
'I really think it's for the best darling, you don't want to be seen as immodest.' Tessa's mum raised her eyebrow at her daughter in a vaguely patronising manner, and headed back to the house with her armfuls of shopping. Tessa rolled her eyes and then in an unexpected moment of rebellion dropped her bags by her sides and reached up to pull her shirt above her tits. She flashed her boobs at her retreating mother's back and stuck her tongue out in defiance, then her common sense returned and she realised that she was still standing next to a public road. She giggled to herself as she wondered what had come over her, then she covered herself up again and got back to unpacking the car.
*****
After a couple of trips all the shopping was finally transferred to the kitchen, then distributed into the fridge, freezer and cupboards. Tessa was finally excused from her duties and she walked back upstairs, yawning loudly as she stretched her arms above her head, then she pushed open her door and walked inside her room.
'What... hey, what the hell are you doing?' There sat on her bed was her sister Jasmine, and to Tessa's absolute horror she was carefreely scrolling through her laptop. Jasmine glanced up and grinned when she saw her.
'Oh, hey Tess.'
One fact that will become very important to the plot is that Tessa and Jasmine were identical twins, and they really were completely indistinguishable from one another. Their faces matched perfectly, they were exactly the same height, the same weight, and neither of them ever felt the need to work out so their bodies even looked the same too. Their personalities were pretty different though, and whilst they loved each other deep down, sometimes very deep down, they still regularly argued and bickered even though they were nearing their nineteenth birthdays. Although they were obviously the same age it was Tessa who came across as the more mature one, whilst Jasmine was a bit more of a free spirit, and definitely the more irritating of the two sisters.
They'd intentionally altered their appearances over the years so that they didn't look too similar. Tessa wore contacts, had long straight hair which she kept up in a bun, and typically dressed conservatively in long sleeved jumpers and hoodies. Conversely Jasmine had decided to steer into the whole big titty goth girl look by wearing cute glasses and dying a streak of pink into her curled black hair, as well as getting a nose piercing and stealing all the boys' attention by wearing provocative crop tops and pleated skirts to flaunt her outrageous cleavage and thick pale thighs. This morning however she was dressed in her pyjamas as she snooped through her sister's laptop, an act of aggression which even by her standards was a gross violation of Tessa's privacy.
'That's mine, give it back here now!' Tessa furiously flung herself onto to the duvet and reached over to slam the computer's screen shut, and Jasmine flinched back in surprise.
'Woah careful, or you'll break it.'
The fuming Tessa turned to look accusingly at her sister. 'Why the fuck were you going through my stuff? That's private, what is the matter with you?'
Jasmine smirked impishly back at her, she clearly wasn't at all sorry for what she'd done, or concerned in the slightest that she'd been caught.
'I mean you left your laptop unlocked, lying open on your bed in full view from the doorway... really Tess, what did you think was going to happen?'
'I thought you were meant to be at work...' Tessa silently cursed herself, normally she was meticulous when it came to hiding any traces of her erotica, or making sure she was home alone when she got out her vibrator, but today it seemed that her sister hadn't been out of the house as she had initially thought. Jasmine just laughed and shook her head.
'Nah my shift got cancelled last night so I had a lie in, I only woke up twenty minutes ago. I was about to go and have a shower but then I walked past your room and saw what you had been reading... NudeGirl96...'
Tessa felt her cheeks beginning to burn as her nosey sister read out her stupid Literotica username, as although her family weren't huge prudes or anything subjects like masturbation weren't exactly popular topics of conversation in their house, and she'd never been caught red handed like this before.
'Look, ok, I just-'
Jasmine interrupted before Tessa had a chance to think of a good excuse.
'I mean really Tess, I didn't expect this from you. I mean erotic literature, to be fair that is more your style than watching porn, you do love books I guess. But smut like this? And in the, ah what was it, exhibitionist and voyeur section? Really, that's your category of choice?'
Tessa cringed massively, God this was humiliating. It was true though, those were her favourite types of stories, the ones about women showing off in public, or being trapped in embarrassing scenarios, that sort of thing. Well you know, you're reading one right now. Tessa didn't know why she'd developed this particular kink, it had just sort of happened at some point, but now every night she had become addicted to scrolling through the list of new stories, searching back through random old ones, or dreaming up her own naughty fantasies as she pleasured herself to sleep. Jasmine continued her accusations, and irritatingly she was clearly enjoying herself as she watched her sister squirm.
'And wow, the chick in that particular story seems to take off her clothes one hell of a lot, and you're into this sort of thing? Naked women, in the nude out and about in public? Is there something you want to tell me Tess, or is this just a little bit of bi-curiosity?'
'What? No, I'm still straight you idiot.'
Again this was accurate, Tessa didn't particularly lust after the women in the stories, it was more so that she got off on imagining herself doing the same crazy things that they got up to. She'd never tried actually recreating any of their misadventures though, the risks just seemed way too high and so for now she was happy just enjoying them in her head. Jasmine raised a skeptical eyebrow.
'You sure? You're not at all interested in exploring your sexuality? Here, let me check, what were the tags that came up in your favourites...' She pulled out her phone and began to scroll through her camera roll.
'Fuck...' Tessa quietly groaned as she realised that she'd been outsmarted, her sister had already taken a photo of her Literotica account before she'd had a chance to catch her and hide the evidence. That meant she'd found the list of all the stories she'd favorited and saved, the ones that were so good and so powerfully erotic that Tessa had returned to them time and time again. Jasmine found the right screenshot and began to read aloud.
'Oh yeah, here they are. Enf, which I had to google and find out that it stands for embarrassed naked female. Then Cmnf and Cfnf, which means clothed men or women with a naked female, then naked in public, nude in public, only one naked, naked dare, naked-'
'Ok yes, I get the point, just stop please.' Tessa hung her head in humiliation, this was so demeaning.
Jasmine just laughed again, and still there was no remorse in her voice.
'Seriously though, I had no idea that these were your kinks. When did this begin, or have you always wanted to be a show off?
Tessa bristled indignantly at that question.
'Woah, hold on, I don't want to be a show off, let's get that clear.'
'Oh sorry, do you people prefer to be called exhibitionists then? Or flashers, that's a thing right, I've heard of them.'
Tessa tried not to get too annoyed by all of Jasmine's goading.
'No Jaz, I don't want to do anything like that, I just read the stories sometimes ok? And for your information there's nothing wrong with a grown woman enjoying a little erotica, so you can laugh and smirk all you like, but I don't care.'
Jasmine rolled her eyes.
'Oh really?'
Tessa nodded as she tried her best to sound convincing.
'Yeah, it's perfectly natural, healthy even.'
'So you're not ashamed by any of this?'
Tessa lied.
'Umm, no actually. I was a bit shocked at first, sure, but no, I'm not embarrassed.'
'Err, ok...' Jasmine snorted as she got up from the bed and headed towards the landing, and Tessa turned to watch her go.
'What, I'm not?'
'So you wouldn't mind your friends hearing about this?'
'I mean they're never going to hear about this... so no.'
Jasmine chuckled evilly.
'Well, we'll see about that sis. Right, I'll leave you now, and let you get back to your alone time with your little friend under the pillow...'
Tessa died a little inside at that remark, how the hell did her sister know about her vibrator, which still lay hidden under the bedding? Jasmine waved goodbye and waltzed through the doorway.
'And I'm off to finally have that shower. See you later... NudeGirl96.'
Tessa flopped back onto her bed and covered her face with her hands, what a disaster that had been. Up until today no one in the world had known about her dirty little secret, and now the one person who would tease her and mock her the most about it had exposed her.
'Fuck my life...' Her self pitying was interrupted when she heard the sound of Jasmine turning on the water in the bathroom, then the soft footsteps of her sister returning back to her room to wait as the boiler got up to temperature. Tessa couldn't be less interested in reopening Literotica and finishing herself off anymore, her horniness had now officially reached an all time low. So instead she decided to be annoying too, and she quickly grabbed a clean towel from her pile of washing and rushed across the corridor. She entered the bathroom which was already beginning to steam up and shut the door behind her.
'Hey, what-' She heard her sister indignantly call out from her room as she realised what Tessa was doing.
'First come first served, you snooze you lose!' Tessa sarcastically called back as she peeled her shirt over her head, then stepped out of her shorts and underwear. She went over to the walk in shower and tested the water with the back of her hand, then slipped inside and let the hot spray rain down onto her. However she wasn't able to relax for long as she jumped when she heard the hinges on the door squeaking open.
'Jaz, what the hell? I'm in here, get out!'
The lock on the bathroom door had snapped clean off years ago, and after their dad had procrastinated fixing a new one for a few weeks the girls had just got used to not having one anymore. Now everyone knew not to go in when the door was shut, or to double check by knocking if they thought it was empty, and that had worked fine. It did however mean that meddling sisters were free to enter whenever they pleased...
'What? You took my shower, so I'll take these...' Sure enough it was Jasmine who had breezed in uninvited and unannounced, and walked to the side of the shower and scooped up Tessa's clothes.
'What... ok just stop, put those back...' Tessa had instinctively clutched both arms over her boobs and self consciously crossed one leg over the other as she awkwardly stood there naked in front of her clothed sister. The frosted up glass of the shower door did provide some cover for her, or at least made her nude body look a little blurred out, but even so she wasn't comfortable cowering there in that exposed state. The girls weren't like those super close sisters who were always seeing each other naked and thought nothing of it, they just didn't have that kind of relationship. The funny thing was that was extra ridiculous as they actually knew exactly what each other looked like without any clothes on, as of course their bodies were identical. But despite that fact Tessa was still feeling shy as she watched her clothes, and then her towel, get gathered up into Jasmine's arms who just sneered back at her.
'What? Someone stealing your clothes, making you streak back naked hoping you don't get caught? I thought this was the sort of thing you fantasised about?'
Tessa moaned, this wasn't exactly the sort of nude adventure she'd had in mind.
'Jaz, come on...'
'No. Next time, don't hog the shower!' And with that Jasmine departed.
'You're so stupid...' Tessa quickly finished washing and then turned off the shower, and stood there listening to the water dripping off her body and onto the wet floor. She tried her best to wring as much liquid our of her hair with her hands as possible, but there was nothing left in the bathroom that she could use either to dry herself off, or to cover up with. So instead she just sighed and cautiously walked over to the door, listening intently for any signs of life before opening it slightly and looking out into the hall. There was no one there, and she could hear her mum and sister chatting downstairs, so she relaxed a bit and stepped outside. Tessa walked back down to her room, still scattering droplets of water onto the floor with every step, and although she'd been subconsciously cupping her boobs uneasily at first she now allowed herself to relax and stroll naturally with her arms gently swinging by her sides. It felt quite nice actually, the feeling of the carpet pressing against her bare feet, and the cool air wafting over her totally exposed body. She made it back to her room and found another towel to get dry, then went to her bed, picked up her laptop and placed it on her desk as she enjoyed the slightly naughty feeling of walking around in the buff for no real reason.
She pulled on a warm hoodie and was about to reach for her shorts when she though hey, why bother? Instead she sat bottomless at her laptop and began to work on one of the many assignments that she was expected to finish over the holiday break. Soon she got bored, and what do we all do when we're bored and working from home? Yes, she opened Literotica, selected the first chapter from ThanksForAllTheFish's outstanding 'The Only One Naked' series, and leant back in her chair. With her feet propped on the desk and her top pulled up to her bellybutton she used one hand to scroll down the page with her mouse as she fingered herself with the other, and in no time at all she finally made up for the orgasm that she'd been denied earlier that day.
*****
The next morning was a Monday so the girls' parents had gone off to work, and since Jasmine was out for the day with some friends Tessa was home alone. She worked for a couple of hours in her room, but soon her essay began to drag once again and she became restless. She decided to try sitting at her desk topless this time, just for fun, and after that sensation began to feel kind of normal she slipped out of her shorts too. With one paper finished she decided to go and get some lunch, and was about to get dressed again when she realised that she didn't need to, as no one was around to judge her. So with her heart beating a little faster than usual she walked out of her room and then, for the first time in her life, headed down her stairs completely naked.
'Tess, what are you doing, this is so weird...' The university student nervously muttered to herself as she crept around the house, it definitely was a surreal feeling to be down there with nothing on. She went into the kitchen to make some food and noticed that her shortness was actually useful for once as it meant that from outside it was pretty hard to see through the front window, and even if someone could peek in then only her head and maybe a bit of cleavage would be in view. As she made a sandwich she noticed a note on the side from her mum, warning her that their pool boy Max, a cute young guy who lived nearby, would be coming around at about two that afternoon.
'Hmm...' Tessa watched the cars driving by as she sat up on the kitchen counter to get a better look outside, and to make sure that her breasts were now fully visible through the window just for the thrill of the risk, as she ate and pondered. It was a rare sunny afternoon which was just about warm enough to justify a swim in their small back garden pool, which they rarely ever used. And if Max was due to appear soon then maybe she could have a little bit of fun with him too. She finished her food, went back upstairs and was rummaging through her closet, futilely searching for her bikini, when she realised, why worry about a swimsuit at all? Skinny dipping had always been on her exhibitionist bucket list, and she planned on showing off to the pool guy anyway, so there was no need to even get dressed in the first place. Instead Tessa grabbed her Bluetooth speaker and wrapped a towel around herself, then headed downstairs and out into the garden. She nervously watched her neighbours' windows which overlooked them from either side as she pulled off the pool cover, but she couldn't see anyone peeking down at her and so far the coast seemed to be clear. Still gripping the towel around her chest Tessa gingerly tipped a toe into the water and flinched at the cold.
'Jesus Christ...' Honestly it still wasn't really warm enough to justify swimming but she wanted more excuses to hang around naked, and this was one of her few good options. Tessa turned on her speaker and started to play some music, then decided to just stop messing around and just commit to her plan. So before she could talk herself out of it she walked back inside, left her towel on the living room sofa, and then for the first time ever strode back outside into the sun without a scrap of clothing on.
'This is ridiculous, Tess you've gone insane...' Once again Tessa paused at the edge of the pool as she tried to psyche herself up, but then in the next garden over she heard a back door open and her neighbour's voices come into earshot.
'Oh shit...' You could quite easily see over the hedges that separated the two houses, so that forced Tessa to quickly make up her mind and leap into the pool, squealing and gasping as the freezing cold water sent shivers up her spine.
'Fuck me, fuck me...' She made herself do a few laps to warm herself up, and when she heard her neighbours head back indoors she managed to relax a bit more and start to appreciate the thrilling sensations that swimming in the nude provides.
'Mmm...' Tessa closed her eyes and let her legs come up as she floated on her back, her arms spread wide in a starfish pose, as she decided she didn't care anymore if someone could see her from a window. It was her garden, her pool, and she could enjoy it in whatever state she chose, and if anyone took offence then they should just stop looking. Why does anyone wear anything when they swim anyway, going without a bikini just felt so much better, so much more tingly and exciting. Sadly Tessa's newfound confidence didn't last long as a couple of minutes later she was woken from her daydreams by the sound of the garden's side gate being unlocked, and she accidentally swallowed a mouthful of water as she panickily span around to see the pool boy backing his way towards her.
'Oh, hi Max.' Tessa quickly swam to the edge of the pool and rested her elbows on the side as she watched the young man carry his bag of kit through the gate.
'Hello Tessa.' Max looked up and smiled as he saw her, he'd been working for the family long enough to know all their names and everyone was always nice to him. 'Sorry, your mum didn't think anyone would be using the pool today, I can come back later if you're not finished.'
'No no, it's fine.' Tessa rubbed her thighs together as she watched him walking over towards her, still completely unaware that she wasn't wearing a thing. 'I was almost done anyway, I'll get out now.'
Max nodded. 'Ok thanks, if you're sure. You on your holidays from university then?'
Tessa continued to grind her legs together as she grew more and more aroused, here she was having a casual conversation with this hot boy who at any second might realise that she was totally naked. It was completely mental!
'Err yeah, got a couple weeks off still.'
'Very nice.' Max had unzipped his bag and squatted down on the grass as he screwed long poles together to make a large net. 'And enjoying the last bit of sunshine, a good way to relax.'
'Exactly...' Tessa smiled as she watched his veiny forearms working away, the water was lapping up and down over her nipples in a very pleasant manner and the fact that she was floating this close to him was really turning her on.
'Hey, Max?'
'Yeah?'
'Err, this is a bit embarrassing, but I didn't know you were coming today,' Tessa lied, as she bobbed nervously in the water, 'and so I was actually doing some, umm... skinny dipping.'
'Skinny dipping?'
'Yeah.'
Max genuinely didn't know the term, he'd only moved over from Germany when he was a teenager. 'Sorry, what is that?'
Tessa giggled. 'Oh, it means swimming, but without a bathing suit.'
Max finally cottoned on as he suddenly seemed to realise that there were no bikini straps running over her shoulders.
'Oh, ok... oh! I see, you mean you're naked?'
Tessa grinned.
'Yep. Completely.'
Max blushed slightly and stood up again.
'Oh sorry, my misunderstanding, but I get you now. Can I grab your towel for you?'
'Actually, I didn't really bring one outside...'
Max frowned. 'No towel?'
'No...'
The pool boy clearly didn't understand why someone would casually stroll into their garden in the nude, but he didn't bother investigating any further.
'Right... I can go and wait outside then?'
Tessa waved his offer away and shook her head.
'No no, don't be silly. You can just turn around quickly, if that's ok?'
'Ah yeah, sure.' Max, ever the gentleman, dutifully span round and stood facing the bushes. Tessa ignored the little steps that were on the far side of the pool, and instead heaved herself out right were she'd been drifting, which was only a meter or so from Max's back. Water streamed down from her body as she pulled herself over the ledge, and then she rose unsteadily to her feet. She rung out her hair as she stood within touching distance of the fully clothed man, and to her surprise she found herself really wishing that he'd turn around. Tessa knew he wouldn't though, so instead she made do with creeping forwards across the grass so that she was mere inches from him, so close that she could even smell the cologne on his skin. If only my friends could see me now, she thought, as she playfully jiggled her boobs behind him, completely safe in the knowledge that she was still hidden from his view. Finally she lost her nerve and decided to stop before she did anything too stupid, and stepped back.
'Thank you Max, I'll be out of your way now'.
'No worries Tessa, see you later.'
The pool boy stayed facing away from her as Tessa walked back inside to find her towel, then she dried herself as she walked back upstairs. She stayed naked when she got back to her room and lay on her bed lazily masturbating as she replayed her daredevil actions in her mind, and when she got too horny to think straight she nipped back downstairs and entertained herself for a while by running across the living room's full length glass doors which backed onto the garden. She'd hide behind a sofa until Max wasn't looking her way, then she'd sprint from one side of the room to the other, just getting to cover just before she was spotted. Tessa got bolder and bolder, sometimes cartwheeling or doing star jumps when Max was busy fishing out leaves from the water, and her dangerous game was only interrupted when she heard keys unlocking the front door.
'Fuck!' In a panic Tessa fled back to the hallway, hoping that Max hadn't glanced up to see her naked behind, and she just managed to scramble up the stairs and onto the safety of the landing as her mum, who had left work early, made it through the door. Giggling manically at her close escape Tessa collapsed back onto her bed, threw her legs wide, and soon came in record time.
*****
The next day started with more of the same, as a completely bare Tessa worked on her laptop. She was now a full time convert to her new nude lifestyle, and was starting to really enjoy it. It wasn't like she wanted to be a nudist or anything, she wasn't one of those people who feel more comfortable without any clothes. For her it was sort of the opposite, being naked made her less comfortable as it made her hyper conscious of her nudity, in a way that for some reason felt so, so good... Every time she shifted slightly and the cushion rubbed against her butt, or when she leant forwards and her breasts brushed against her desk, or a draught blew cool air in between her thighs... she loved it all, especially the moments when she would accidentally catch a glimpse of her reflection in a mirror or window pane, and remember just how naughty her fun little game made her feel.
So it was no surprise that after pulling on a long jumper to get herself a snack from the kitchen, she'd returned to her room and immediately cast aside her solitary item of clothing to sit naked at her desk. She got back to work on an essay, and decided to play some music to combat the boredom. Perhaps she was getting just a little too confident about hanging out without any clothes on, because she didn't think twice about putting on her noise cancelling headphones even though this now meant she was unable to hear any other sounds in the house. Unable to hear, for example, the sound of three pairs of footsteps approaching her door...
'Oh my God...'
'Fuck! Get out!' Tessa's heart stopped beating as her unlocked door was rudely pushed open, revealing a grinning Jasmine and two of her girlfriends standing behind her, their eyes widened with shock as they took in the surprising scene which greeted them. Tessa had been working leaning back in her chair as usual, and the unexpected intruders had jump scared her so badly that she flinched violently back in her seat and began to topple over.
'Shit -- ah!' She cursed as she lost her balance and fell back onto the floor, her wheely chair shooting out from underneath her, as she landed in the most undignified pose imaginable.
'Jesus Christ Tess...' Jasmine looked down at her naked sister who lay sprawled on the carpet, her legs thrown out wide, and shook her head in disbelief. So she had been right all along, Tessa really did want to act out her fantasies, she did want to be NudeGirl96 and live a clothing free life.
'I said get out!' Tessa clamped one hand over her tits and folded her legs tightly shut as her cheeks burnt red with shame. She knew the other two girls quite well, they were both good friends of Jasmine and were around the house quite a lot, which made it even more awkward that they'd been witness to this demeaning humiliation. It was too late to save her dignity but she dragged the duvet off her bed and pulled it over her body, finally hiding it from the amused trio.
Jasmine ignored her and strolled into the room. 'Sorry, I wanted to borrow your laptop charger, we're watching a film and I've lost mine.' Without asking for permission she unplugged the cable and swung it cockily in a circle as she swaggered back to the door. 'Well, see you later Tess, hopefully you'll have some clothes on next time...'
'Fuck off Jaz.' Tessa glared up at her sister as she departed with her friends, and she cringed as she heard them giggling all the way back down the corridor, presumably laughing about her foolishness.
'Dickheads...' She let the duvet fall to her feet as she got up and angrily slammed the door shut. She sat in her bed and wondered how to get revenge on her absolute bitch of a sister, and then a very twisted but honestly kind of brilliant idea popped into her head. She went onto Amazon and started searching for the things she would need in order to carry out her ambitious plan, and soon a wicked smile had stretched across her face.
'Oh Jaz, you are so screwed...'
*****
A couple of days later Jasmine was out of the house once again, so despite the previous day's debacle it was another naked day for Tessa. She'd done some studying on her bed for a while, got bored, and was now wandering around the kitchen as she procrastinated with some cooking, enjoying as always the feeling of her unclothed freedom. She was stirring a saucepan of soup when she had another heart attack as the doorbell rang. She looked around for something to wear, but stupidly she hadn't thought to bring a dressing gown or t-shirt down with her, in case of an emergency such as this. The bell rang out again, followed by an impatient knocking on the door, and Tessa's gaze finally settled on her mum' kitchen apron.
'Huh...' Tessa and Jasmine definitely didn't inherit their boobs from their mother's side of the family, in fact their mum was actually quite modestly proportioned by comparison. This meant that when Tessa tied the apron around her it fit perfectly fine around the waist but stretched tightly over her bust, and gave her both the most outrageous cleavage and sideboob she'd ever experienced.
'Coming!' She fastened the ties securely behind her back and then adjusted the straps which looped around her neck, to ensure that her nipples weren't escaping out the sides. Her bare butt was still completely exposed of course, and from the front it was still pretty clear that she wasn't wearing anything other than the thin apron. She didn't care though, and she opened the door regardless.
'Hi! Sorry, I was just getting something out of the oven...'
Waiting on the step was a delivery driver, a brown carboard box under his arm, and he blinked in surprise when he saw the young university student standing before him in such an unusual outfit.
'Err, hi, no worries. I have a package for Tessa, Tessa Connolly?'
'Yep that's me, thanks.' Tessa leant forwards out of the doorway to take her box from him, and she had to quickly bring one hand up to her neckline to stop the apron falling away and showing him right the way down her top.
'And can I get your signature please?'
'Sure.'
The delivery man held out an electronic tablet and Tessa used her forefinger to scribble her name on the screen.
'That ok?'
'Yes ma'am that's fine. You have a nice day now.'
'Thank you! You too, bye.'
'Bye.'
The delivery guy turned away and began walking back to his van, tapping at his tablet as he checked the details of his next address. Tessa watched him go for a few steps, then had an idea and quickly glanced down the bottom of her driveway to see if any of the neighbours across the road were looking her way. They weren't, so on another reckless impulse she quickly stooped and pulled her head out from beneath the strap around her neck, then straightened again as the front of her apron was allowed to flop down and hang uselessly around her waist. If the delivery guy looked back for any reason he'd be rewarded by the sight of her magnificent tits, and she tweaked her nipples playfully as she watched him retreating further down the drive, half wishing again that he would turn around and see her. He was nearly back at his van so Tessa reached down for the base of the apron and yanked it up above her waist, flashing her bare pussy to the outside world. Now he was about to open his door, so Tessa took a step back indoors then spun round and reached over to flash her butt to the open doorway. She looked through her legs at the upside down view of her garden path, then pulled her cheeks apart to give as explicit a show as humanly possible. The van finally drew away, and Tessa sighed as she finally untied the apron entirely and felt a twinge of regret that no one had been around to watch her.
'Ok, let's see if this works...' Tessa shut the door and hung the apron back up on the side, then ran upstairs and tore open her packages, eager to start her makeover. First she tied her hair up and pulled on a customized wig, tugging and teasing it until it sat naturally on her head. Next she took out her contacts and swapped them with the new glasses, and finally gingerly clipped a detachable nose ring into place.
'Not bad, so far...' The last thing she needed was an outfit, and so she quickly scampered down the hallway, still completely nude, and went into Jasmine's room. Again, another perk of having a twin sister is that you will always be able to steal and fit into their clothes, and so Tessa was spoilt for choice as she browsed through Jasmine's wardrobe. She opted for a white crop top and black pleated skirt, and pulled on some cotton knee socks for good measure. With her transformation complete she stepped in front of her sister's full length mirror, and gasped.
'Holy shit...' It wasn't her own reflection gawking back at her, it really was Jasmine's. Tessa actually had to do a double take, it was truly incredible how just a couple of cosmetic tweaks had completely changed her identity. It was the wig, which she'd ordered to have the same streak of pink as Jasmine's hair, and the glasses, which she'd ordered after ringing their local opticians to find the exact style, which really made the deception work. Now she could easily pass for her sister whenever she wanted, and she had some ideas of how to exploit her new disguise.
*****
The next day Jasmine was out for the day again, but she caught her sister's arm just before she headed out.
'Hey Tess? I've got a clothes delivery that's coming this afternoon and I won't be here, so could you keep an ear out for the doorbell please?'
After the laptop charger incident Tessa could easily have said no, but today she decided to be nice, kind of.
'Oh yeah, sure, what time is it due?'
'From between nine and ten, is that ok?'
'Yep, no problem.'
'Great, thanks.'
Now home alone again, Tessa finished her breakfast and then headed back upstairs for a shower. When she finished she dried herself off and went to her room to put on her Jasmine disguise, then carefreely hung her damp towel over her shoulder as she trotted back down to the kitchen, and then draped it over the back of a chair as she had another naked morning to herself.
Sure enough at a quarter to ten the doorbell rang, and Tessa rewrapped her towel around her bust, loosely tucking it into itself, and when she was satisfied that the knot was sufficiently loose she went out into the hall. Tessa realised that she should probably check that it wasn't her parent's outside, they'd definitely question her current attire, but when she tiptoed to look through the peephole she was pleased to see another delivery man waiting impatiently outside.
'Hello,' Tessa pulled open the door and smiled, 'how are you?'
The man glanced up and smiled slightly when he saw the busty young woman dressed in very little.
'Good thanks, I've got a package for Jasmine Conolly.'
'Yes, that's me.' Tessa jumped down from the doorstep out onto the garden path, and the jolt from her landing caused the towel to shift down her chest slightly. She reached out and took the parcel, and as she'd planned the process of raising out her arms made her towel finally loosen to the point of no return. Her whole body tightened in anticipation as she felt it unravel and fall away from her boobs, baring first her nipples and then the rest of her nude body as it fell to the floor with a thump.
'Oh, God, I'm so sorry!' Tessa was lying, she was not sorry, she was exhilarated. If you'd told her a week ago that she'd be voluntarily standing completely naked in front of a complete stranger, in public on her doorstep where her neighbours or anyone from the road could see her, then she'd have laughed in your face. Those were the type of ludicrous scenarios that she read on Literotica, they were fantasies and nothing more. But here she was, living out her daydreams, and loving every second of it. And the best thing was that it looked to all the world like it was actually her sister who was being subjected to this embarrassment, not her.
'Err...' The delivery guy didn't know what to say but he certainly knew where to look, and he shamelessly let his gaze wander up and down every inch of her frame. Tessa didn't want to cover up so instead she awkwardly held the package just under her boobs, looking up at the tall man in front of her with large innocent eyes.
'How embarrassing... I really do apologise...' She finally pinned the package to her chest with one arm and bent her knees to reach down for her towel, which she let dangle in front of her body as she stood up with it precariously held draped against her skin.
The delivery guy cleared his throat.
'Umm sorry, but I still need a signature...'
'Oh yeah, I know.' Tessa awkwardly transferred the towel from one hand to the other, causing it to flap over and flash a nipple, and then she used her free hand to scribble on the tablet once more.
'Ok that's fine, thanks.'
Tessa smiled apologetically, but her brightly shining eyes betrayed her true emotions.
'You're welcome, and again, I'm so sorry about this...'
'Really, it's no bother...'
With one last glance the delivery guy reluctantly turned away and headed down the path. Tessa chuckled and immediately let the towel fall down once again, sneakily baring herself to him one last time behind his back. After a beautiful final moment of total exposure Tessa sighed, scooped up her towel and headed back inside, satisfied that her plan had worked, and sure enough had been just as much fun as she'd anticipated.
*****
The next night Tessa was out with some friends at a pub, and at one point she went up the bar to buy everyone a round of drinks. However after she'd given her order and then been asked to provide her id card she was shocked to open her purse and find that someone had stolen it. Not only was she not allowed to buy the drinks, but a bouncer overheard the conversation and said that because she couldn't prove that she was of drinking age Tessa would actually have to leave. Her friends complained and argued on her behalf but to no avail, and so soon they'd all been kicked out onto the street and had to head off to find a new bar.
As they walked Tessa texted Jasmine, who was the obvious prime suspect.
'Hey, did you take my ID from my purse?'
The response made her blood boil.
'Oh yeah my bad, I lost mine and haven't bothered sending off for a replacement yet.'
Right, thought Tessa, if Jaz thinks she can just play with my identity, then I can keep playing with hers. A few hours later a very drunk Tessa returned home and made sure to be quiet as she snuck up to her room, as it was long past midnight. She phoned a local pizza joint and placed an order, telling them to text her phone when they arrived rather than ringing the bell, so they didn't wake anyone up. As she waited she went to her room and applied her Jasmine disguise, then looked down in excitement when she saw the message from the delivery guy who was already outside. With her heart beating out of her chest with excitement Tessa skipped downstairs and pulled open the front door.
'Woah...'
'Err hi...' Tessa blinked in surprise as she saw that it was not a delivery guy but a delivery girl who was staring back at her, with a pizza box held out in her hands. She thought she recognised her from somewhere, the Connolly family lived in a small town and you got to learn everyone's faces at some point, but she couldn't place exactly where.
'Umm... pepperoni passion, for Jasmine?' The delivery girl also looked a little shell shocked, as this time Tessa had decided to open the door whilst already completely naked.
'Yeah, that's mine, thank you.' Tessa reached out and took the box from the girl, it was interesting that for some reason it felt different being seen nude by another female. You assumed that they weren't checking out your boobs or anything so instead it felt even more awkward that before, but to Tessa that was somehow even more of a turn on.
'You're welcome... also sorry, but why are you naked?' The delivery girl had heard of people receiving their food in the buff as a dare, but this was the first time it had ever happened to her in person. Tessa just raised an eyebrow in amusement as she considered the question.
'Hmm? Oh, I don't really wear clothes around the house anymore, so I thought why bother to put some on just to answer the door, you know?'
'I guess...' The delivery girl watched as Tessa smiled goodbye and then turned to strut back through the doorway, well aware of the tantalising view she was giving from behind. She returned to her room again and chucked her food to the side. The pizza could wait, first Tessa needed to get herself off, immediately, and she was so aroused that this called for a special occasion. She rummaged around under her bed, her bare ass pointing up into the air, and she grinned when her hand felt what she had been searching for. She'd ordered a realistic cock shaped sex toy a few weeks ago, but hadn't tried it out yet, as it had looked more intimidating when she'd unboxed it than she was expecting. But now Tessa was ready to give it a go, and she rolled onto her covers and bent her legs back as she reached down and slipped the huge dildo inside her, then got to work. This whole naked twin thing was really working out to be quite the turn on...
*****
Later that week Tessa was bored in her room, lazily browsing through random Literotica stories as she kept half an eye on the film she had on in the background, when her ear was drawn to the front door of the house being unlocked. She heard the muffled sound of voices murmuring downstairs, and she eventually recognised the second one as Chester's. He was an amateur wrestler from their town, who Tessa had befriended a few months ago when they met at a friend's party. He was very attractive and she'd had a bit of a crush on him, but Jasmine ruined that when she bumped into him on a night out, went home with him, and they'd been dating ever since. This had annoyed Tessa but there was nothing she could do, Chester seemed to like her sister, despite all her flaws.
She muted her laptop as the voices moved away from earshot, and she correctly assumed that the pair had gone into the living room. Jasmine's bedroom shared a wall with her parents' one, so when she brought guys home at night it was actually more private for her to go to the sofa rather than her own bed. Tessa got up and crept towards the landing, then very slowly and carefully tiptoed down the stairs. She reached the doorway to the living room which was slightly ajar where she paused and listened intently, and sure enough she could hear furtive giggling and whispering, along with the unmistakable sound of lips kissing. Maybe her recent adventures had made her more bold, or maybe she was still pissed at Jasmine and wanted more revenge, she wasn't sure. But whatever drove her to it she found herself pulling off her t-shirt and laying it over the banister, then confidently pushing open the living room door and flicking on the light switch.
'What the fuck? Hey-' Jasmine had been busy straddling Chester as they made out, but now she whipped her head round in shock as they were unexpectedly walked in on.
'What are you...' She fell silent as she noticed that Tessa was completely topless, wearing only a pair of thin figure hugging pyjama shorts. Chester sat up and peered around Jasmine, and likewise his eyes widened in surprise, but also in amazement. He had seen Tessa a few times around the house and of course remembered her from the party, but he'd never expected to see this much of his girlfriend's sister.
'Oh shit, sorry guys!' Tessa pretended to be shocked by the two lovebirds and she made a half hearted attempt to cover herself up, pressing one arm casually over her nipples and making her large boobs squidge under her grasp.
'I didn't know you two were in here, I was just getting up to look for a phone charger, and well, now this is a bit embarrassing...' She bashfully smiled down at her tits which were still threatening to spill out. 'Apologies, Chester.'
'Oh no problem, don't worry about it...' Chester couldn't take his eyes away from her bulging cleavage, and Jasmine noticed his look of lust with disgust.
Tessa grinned back at him. 'Actually you know what, if you've already seen hers then you've basically seen mine, right? One of the weird things about being identical twins I guess!' She didn't wait for a response and casually dropped her arm, tingling with excitement as she tried to appear cool when she walked over to their side and squatted down by, knowing that her tight booty shorts were giving Chester a great view of her ass. She unplugged a charger in the corner and then stood up and confidently allowed the astonished pair an unrestricted view of her semi nude body.
'Well I'll leave you two lovebirds to it, goodnight!' She sauntered away from them and made sure to sway her hips provocatively. When she reached the hallway she had to stifle a laugh, she couldn't believe she'd just flashed a hot guy just to annoy her sister! It had definitely worked though, if looks could kill then Jasmine would have knocked her dead on the spot, such was the anger and jealousy that had been burning from her eyes. Tessa chuckled to herself as she walked into the laundry room by the kitchen and pulled off her shorts, adding them into the washer along with her shirt, and although the temptation to head back into the lounge in her birthday suit was alarmingly tempting, she reigned herself in and headed back upstairs in search of her bed and more importantly her vibrator.
*****
The next day Tessa was surprised to see a letter addressed to her that was from her insurance company. It was a warning that her monthly fee was going up by fifty percent, in response to the speeding charges that had recently been added to her license. The weird thing was that Tessa had never been stopped by the police in her life, but the letter clearly stated that she'd been pulled over and charged last Tuesday. Last Tuesday, the day she'd been at her friend Maya's house, and hadn't used her car at all...
'You bitch...'
Tessa barged into Jasmine's room who peered up at her groggily from beneath her duvet as she was unexpectedly awoken.
'Hey, what the-'
Tessa interrupted her aggressively.
'Last Tuesday, you stole my car?'
Jasmine sighed and shut her eyes again as she leant back onto her pillows. 'What? Oh, no I didn't steal it, I just borrowed it.'
Tessa was raging.
'You still don't even have your license! What did you do, steal mine too?'
Jasmine frowned.
'No, of course not... I borrowed that as well.'
Tessa gesticulated wildly with the insurance letter.
'And then you were caught doing what, sixty miles an hour in a forty? Are you insane?'
'I was running late!' Jasmine shrugged as if it were her sister that were in the wrong, and not her.
'Fucking unbelievable...' Tessa didn't want to hear anymore, she just slammed the door shut and walked out.
*****
Tessa seethed quietly as she worked the rest of the day, but by the afternoon she was tired of revising and she decided to get dressed and go out for a walk to clear her head. On a last minute whim she pulled on the pink wig and put her glasses and nose ring in her pocket, then tugged on her hoodie and pulled it over her head so her parents wouldn't notice her hair.
'I'm leaving for a bit Dad, just going out for some air, see you later.' She called out her goodbyes as she quickly nipped past the kitchen door, then she pulled on some trainers and headed out into the afternoon sunshine. Once she was out of sight of her house she donned the glasses, clipped the nose ring on, pulled down her hood and voila -- she was now Jasmine once more. It was kind of like she'd discovered a new super power, if her sister did anything to piss her off then that gave her enough motivation to get dressed up and do something risky, without feeling any guilt. It was petty, sure, but very fun, and because she was in disguise it was kind of risk free, right? Tessa walked around her neighbourhood for a while as she listened to some music, but after half an hour she groaned as her headphones suddenly ran out of charge and died.
'For fuck's sake...' Tessa wandered aimlessly for another few minutes but now she was bored and ready to return home, until then she decided that she might as well have some fun along the way, seeing as she had got all dressed up. On her route back she approached a street which was lined with high rise office blocks, where every level had floor to ceiling windows which looked straight out over the pavement. It was early evening now and most places where shut, but these buildings still had all their lights on.
'Hmmm...' Tessa walked in front of one of the office blocks and saw that on the ground floor there were still a few sad looking employees hunched infront of their desks typing away, presumably working late to fulfill some deadline. Tessa thought that she could help to brighten up their depressing evening, so she nipped into an alleyway next to the first office and waited for a gap in the traffic so she could quickly unzip her hoodie and strip off her t-shirt. Bras weren't really her thing anymore so she was now topless and shivering as the cool evening air blew over her exposed skin, so she hurriedly pulled her hoodie back on and stuffed her shirt into a pocket, then leisurely strolled back onto the street.
'Come on Tess, you can do this...' She psyched herself up as she slowly walked into view of the row of office windows as doubt started to creep into her mind, but then she reminded herself that with her disguise she could do anything she wanted, and decisively pulled her zip down. Tessa let her top flap open up wide as the two halves fell to hang uselessly at the side, and her bare torso was free to peak out from in between. Her boobs proudly poked out in front of her and she forced herself to keep walking slowly with her back straight and her head held high, even though the temptation to cover up was almost overwhelming. No one was walking down the street towards Tessa but she did glance inside the office to her right, and was half delighted and half humiliated to see a young woman, about her own age and dressed smartly in a business suit, staring open mouthed back at her. The employee reached over to the guy sitting next to her and shook his shoulder, and her colleague did a double take when he too saw Tessa nonchalantly strolling past the window with her tits out.
'Oh my God...' Tessa's nerve held out for a few more seconds as she let the pair get a good view, but then she finally felt too shy and wrapped her hoodie tightly back around her bust, holding it tightly in front as she skipped away out of sight. Laughing hysterically she reached a junction in the road and held her top closed as she nipped across it, determined to increase the risk on the next leg of her journey home. There was no alleyway before the next office block but there was also still no traffic or pedestrians around her, so in a moment of horny madness Tessa glanced around and then giddily tugged down her leggings and underwear in one swift motion. Now standing on a public street completely bottomless with her hoodie fapping open she hoped on one leg as she got her clothes down over her shoes, then balled them up and shoved them into her top's other pocket. The hoodie was just long enough to cover her pussy and the top half of her butt but no more, and the breeze on her bare skin felt incredible as she carried on down the street and into the view of the second office building.
Inside it was busier than the first but wasn't open plan, everyone was separated into little work cubicles, and the nearest row were the ones which had a view out onto the pavement. As Tessa walked past them her hoodie rode up her hips and she didn't try to fight it, instead she let it climb until her butt was completely on display. Most of the people inside didn't look up as they stayed glued to their screens but a couple did, and Tessa giggled as she felt their eyes burning into her bare cheeks as she swayed on past.
'Damn...' Tessa's eyes lit up as she spied a ridiculously hot guy sitting infront of his desk, she could see his biceps straining against his short sleeved shirt and his tight trousers left little to the imagination. He was wearing headphones and hadn't noticed Tessa walking by, so she decided to fix that by tapping gently on the glass. He clearly didn't hear that either, so Tessa sighed and turned her back to the window, then hiked up her hoodie and planted her butt against it. She looked over her shoulder and laughed out loud when she saw that she'd finally won his attention, and the man was staring down at her as she wiggled her booty against the glass.
'Shit!' Her flashing and flaunting was interrupted as a lorry turned onto the road and Tessa squealed as she quickly shoved her top back down to cover her up. The truck rolled by and Tessa blew her office voyeur a cheeky kiss goodbye and moved on to the next row of cubicles. She kept her fists clenched in her pockets but allowed her top to fall open again as it fell away down her shoulders and bunched around her waist, so now she was just one slip of the hand away from total nudity. A couple more workers were treated to the sight of her bobbling tits as she smiled perkily back at them, and her confidence had grown so exponentially over the last few minutes that she decided to give the last few cubicles an extra little show.
'Tadaaa...' Tessa grinned through the window as she held her hands out, which were still wedged deep inside her pockets, and displayed her whole pale body as she provocatively shimmied her hips and made her tits dance. This was it, she thought, before she had been able to claim that she was just a girl who didn't like wearing clothes at home, and who might occasionally open the door in the nude. But now she was a full blown flasher, an exhibitionist who got off on displaying herself to strangers, and she didn't think she'd ever be able to go back. Before her luck ran out she pulled her top closed again and turned away, satisfied that she'd given half the office a good topic of conversation for their next coffee break.
Tessa strode over another side road and noted with a twinge of disappointment that the next glass fronted office block was the last in the road, and after that there was just a row of shops which had already closed for the night. She was also alarmed to see that in this company there weren't just working late, they were having a full blown staff meeting. A bus rumbled behind Tessa as she nervously loitered by the side of the building and peered through the window and scouted out the place. There was one fat man standing with his back to the street, who appeared to be giving some sort of speech or lecture, and arranged in a semicircle in front of him were thirty or so employees who were pretending to pay attention. Some were leaning back in their office chairs, a few were standing as they tried not to fall asleep, and a couple made eye contact with Tessa as they noticed her peering in at them. The university student had been seen by what, around seven or eight people so far, and even then by at most two at a time, so flashing an entire room full of people at once was obviously going too far... right?
'Fuck it...' Tessa knew that this was getting really stupid, but she also knew that she wouldn't forgive herself if she just bailed and went home now, this opportunity was just too irresistible. And again, she reminded herself, it wasn't her doing this, it was her sister, it was really Jasmine.
'Ok... come on Tess.' She took a few steps back so that she was hidden from view again, and reached down to untie her shoes. She didn't know why but suddenly it felt very important to do this as thoroughly as possible, she wanted the full experience. She tugged the trainers off and her socks soon followed, and she stuffed those into her shoes. The rough tarmac bit into the soles of her feet and it made her feel so much more conscious of her body, and so much more aware of the outside elements interacting with it. She had to awkwardly shift her weight from side to side to stop her toes from freezing as she waited for a guy on a bike to cycle past and disappear down the road, but after that there was nothing left to hold her back.
'Ahh!' So with another nervous shriek of excitement Tessa tugged her hoodie off, peeling the sleeves back off her arms, and then hooked her finger into the hood and slung the top back over her shoulder, letting it hang down her back. She bent her knees to pick up her shoes with her other hand, then straightened and with a huge deep breath took her first step back along the road. She was instantly bathed in the cool glow from the office's lights as she reappeared back into view, now totally naked from head to toe. For her first few paces Tessa couldn't bring herself to look to her right, and instead she kept her head locked in place as she forced herself to walk calmly and slowly past the window. However after a couple more steps her curiosity won over and she found her neck slowly rotating round until she was staring in through the glass.
'Woah...' An involuntary gasp left her mouth as she was greeted with the sight of thirty shell shocked faces gawking back at her as their wide eyes drank in the unexpected sight of her wonderful curves. Every man and woman had their gaze locked firmly on Tessa's body, and she slowed to a stop as she took in the ridiculous situation that she'd created. The boss speaking at the front had finally noticed that no one was paying attention to him anymore and he too turned around, doing a hilarious double take when he noticed the nude university student standing just a few feet behind him.
'Hi...' Tessa smiled bashfully as she turned to stand face on to the office block, allowing everyone to get a better view of her, and she raised her right hand and twiddled her fingers in a shy little wave. No one responded apart from one young woman standing at the back of the crowd, who also waved back as a large smile broke out on her face. Clearly one person at least appreciated the daring confidence that Tessa possessed, and was also grateful to her for making their evening meeting less dull. Suddenly though Tessa was brought back sharply down to earth as she heard a car approaching from down the road, and which sounded like it was accelerating hard. She looked back the way she'd come and her heart stopped when she saw the flashing blue lights of a police car heading down the street directly towards her.
'Shit!' For a second Tessa was frozen to the spot in fear as she her mind refused to do anything but panic, but then her instincts kicked in again and she started to sprint down the pavement. The office workers all flocked to the window and craned their neck as they tried to watch her run away, but soon she had disappeared from view.
'Fuck fuck fuck fuck...' She swore vehemently as she awkwardly tried to clasp her wildly flailing boobs with her arms, but one of her socks fell out of her shoe as she tried to restrain both her tits and the hoodie which was flapping away behind her. She really regretted taking off her trainers as her bare feet pounded against the rough paving stones, and wished she'd spent more time at the gym as she streaked away at a not very impressive pace. She turned off the main road without having time to check if the way ahead was clear, and sure enough walking up the pavement was an elderly man, leading a small dog on a lead behind him.
'Shit, I - err sorry!' Tessa cringed as she ran past the stranger, who turned to watch her go, but she had to keep moving no matter how embarrassed she felt. At the end of the street there was a building site lined with chain linked fences, and as Tessa took a tight right hand turn the zip from her hoodie flicked out and got caught in the wire.
'What the -- oh God, no, no no no...' She forlornly turned and hunched over as she tugged futilely at her top's sleeve, which achieved nothing, and so she instead tried to calm down and unhook it, but her hands were shaking with adrenaline and fear.
'Goddammit Tess!' She cursed her recklessness as she looked back and saw the cop car turn into the road, and rev its engine as the officer saw her standing there naked on the corner. Tessa gave the hoodie one last desperate pull, then finally admitted defeat and frantically tugged her t-shirt and keys from the pocket.
'Fuck!' She scrambled to get at the other side of the hoodie for her leggings but there was no time, she had to keep running, and so with a exasperated cry she picked up her shoes and rushed down the nearest side road. It was a quiet suburban street lined with fancy looking homes, and when Tessa was sure she was out of the police car's line of sight she launched herself over the hedge that bordered one of the house's front gardens, and groaned as she landed with a thump on the cold hard lawn. She rolled onto her back and grimaced as several sharp twigs pierced into her flank, and stared up groggily at the darkening sky as she wondered how on earth she had got herself into this ludicrous situation. When she looked to the side Tessa was relived to see that the windows of the house remained dark, then she instinctively hugged herself as they reflected the blue light of the police car as it rounded the corner and sped past. Luckily her trick had worked and she sighed in relief as she heard the roar of the engine carry on down the street, and then screech of the tyres as they rounded another bend.
'Thank you lord...' Tessa stayed lying there motionless for a few more minutes until she was sure that she was in the clear, then she stiffly got up to her knees and brushed the dirt off her skin. Her heart showed no signs of slowing down and it continued to beat out of her chest as she dusted down her t-shirt and then pulled it on, along with her shoes and socks. She peeked over the hedge to make sure the road was clear, then exited the garden through the front gate this time, and awkwardly hurried down the pavement as she kept her top pulled down in a futile attempt to keep her pussy and butt covered up simultaneously.
'Oh you're kidding...' Tessa got to the fence on which her hoodie, and more importantly her leggings, had been hanging. To her dismay it was no longer there, and she turned to scan up and down the street and peered into the dark, trying to see if anyone was around. There was nobody to turn to though, and no way of knowing whether or not some random passerby had stolen her stuff, or if the police had circled back and picked it up looking for some form of identification. Either way it didn't really matter and Tessa despondently looked down at her bare legs which poked out from below the hem of her shirt, and then started the long walk home.
Ultimately the trip back hadn't been too bad, save for the first fifteen minutes. It was literally impossible for Tessa to keep both her front and back covered simultaneously, so whenever she reached a busy junction she just had to accept that she'd be flashing her butt to the waiting drivers as she rushed across the road. Luckily however she'd later come across a cardboard box which was lying discarded on the side of the road. With that held around her waist she was able to pick up the pace significantly as she power walked her way back to her street. After discarding her makeshift cover she'd unlocked the front door and sprinted past the dining room where her family were eating dinner, and she was just fast enough to avoid their gaze as she tore past the doorway. She pulled off her top as she went upstairs and headed straight to the bathroom, and in a few minutes she was busy playing with the shower head as it blasted hot water up between her thighs and made her cry out in sheer ecstasy. Overall, she thought, that had been the quite the evening stroll.
*****
A few days later Tessa was due to meet up with her friend Maya at a nearby mall. She didn't have to leave until midday so she spent the morning lying in bed with her laptop perched on her knees, adding the finishing touches to a story she'd been writing. She'd decided to start documenting her adventures and upload them to Literotica for other people to enjoy, and whilst she knew that most people would assume that all the tales were made up she'd still enjoy the knowledge that every word was in fact totally true. With her first ever submission uploaded for review she got up, got changed, and then set off in her car. She was already half way through the twenty minute drive to pick up her friend when Maya rang with bad news.
'Hey Tess, you're not already in the car are you?'
'Err yeah, I'm like ten minutes away, are you ok?'
'No, so bad news...'
Maya apologetically explained that her little brother had managed to fall off his bike and hurt his arm, so she was currently on her way with him and her mum to the hospital, and would have to cancel their day trip. Tessa said it was no problem and wished them all the best, and then decided to go into town for an hour and pick up some books from the library, and then head home.
'Huh?' As Tessa rolled up to the house she was surprised to see a strange car sitting on the driveway, one she'd never seen before. She parked on the roadside instead and switched off the engine as she wondered who's it could be. For some reason her instincts told her to tread carefully, so she silently let herself in and listened intently as she paused in the corridor. A men's pair of trainers were sitting on the shoe rack, and from the floor above she could hear the unmistakable sound of bedsprings creaking. It wasn't Chester's Audi outside though, and her parents were definitely still at work, so what was going on? Tessa tiptoed up the stairs and along the corridor until she was at Jasmine's bedroom, and sure enough it was there that the squeaking and moaning were coming from. The door was slightly ajar, so Tessa very carefully nudged it further open, and then peered inside.
'Oh Jaz, no...' Sure enough there on the bed was her sister, thankfully hidden by the duvet, and thrusting on top of her was a burly man with a large afro. Tessa didn't loiter, she had no desire in hearing Jasmine's sex noises, but the distinctive hair and muscular physique was enough to tell her that the mystery guy was none other than Patrick, Chester's fellow wrestling partner, and more importantly his best friend. Tessa pulled the door shut again, then leant against the wall and groaned. Damn, this was really, really bad...
*****
For a few hours Tessa hid out in her room, wondering what she should do. As mentioned earlier she and Chester had been quite friendly before Jasmine had got involved, and so she did feel a sense of duty to tell him what was going on, he deserved to know. As late afternoon approached she heard Patrick and her sister heading downstairs and she watched from her window as his car drive off down the road, presumably there were headed back to his house for the evening, probably for some more illicit sex. That made Tessa's mind up for her, so she pulled out her phone and messaged Chester.
'Hey Chester, it's Tessa. Bit of a weird one, but are you free right now? I need to talk to you about something.'
His reply came quickly. 'Yeah sure, what's up?'
'Just come over, please? I think this should be done in person.'
'Umm ok, if you want. I can be at yours in twenty?'
'Ok, see you soon.'
Tessa waited until Chester turned up at her doorstep, then invited him into the living room and proceeded to fill him in. They sat on the sofa as she told him what she'd seen earlier that day, and as expected he wasn't exactly thrilled by the news.
'Fuck man... fuck! I can't believe that she'd do that to me... or that he would, either! I don't know who I feel more betrayed by... those fuckers man...'
Tessa could only nod sympathetically, she'd been cheated on once before too and knew that it wasn't much fun. Chester kept ranting, getting up and pacing the room as he vented to her.
'Like really, what the hell was Jaz thinking? She knows Patrick's my best friend, why would she go for him of all people?'
Tessa shook her head sadly.
'I don't know, she isn't the nicest person sometimes.'
Chester balled his fists angrily.
'It kind of makes other stuff make sense now... like she kept cancelling on me last minute, and only gave really weak excuses. Like today we were meant to be going to a waterpark together, but she messaged this morning saying she was ill... when really she was screwing Patrick. Man, I'm going to fucking kill that guy...'
Tessa just stayed silent as he carried on thinking out loud.
'Also... do you remember Alex?'
Ohhh, Tessa thought, now she knew who that pizza deliver chick was... of course, Alex, a girl she'd gone to college with.
'Oh, vaguely, why?' She tried her best to act casual, even though she feared she knew what was coming.
Chester elaborated.
'So we're still mates and the other day at a party she was trying to convince me that she'd made a pizza delivery here recently, to your house. And when she'd opened the door Jaz had answered it, and she'd been completely naked for some reason. I assumed Alex was just drunk and being stupid and making it up, but now who knows? I don't even know Jasmine anymore, maybe that is the sort of thing Patrick gets her to do...'
Tessa sighed. 'No, she wasn't making it up...'
For the first time Chester's train of thought was interrupted, and he looked down at her questioningly.
'What?'
'Umm...' Tessa bit her lip nervously as she debated whether or not she should do this. She didn't know why but contrary to all rational thought she had a really strong gut feeling that she should be honest right now, come what may. Finally she made her decision.
'Ok, err Chester? Can I show you something?'
Chester was confused, and didn't see what this had to do with Jasmine or Patrick, but agreed regardless.
'Yeah?'
Tessa frowned.
'No but before I do, you have to swear that you won't tell anyone.'
'Ok, I swear.'
'No but really though, literally not another soul...'
'Tess I promise, ok? Now, what is it?' Chester stopped walking up and down the room and turned to stare at her quizzically.
'Ok... wait here.' Two minutes later Tessa reappeared through the doorway in her fully disguised form. She'd swapped her clothes with an outfit from Jasmine's wardrobe so her transformation was uncannily accurate, even Tessa thought that it was a little spooky just how much like her sister she looked. Chester looked like he'd seen a ghost as he saw her walk in, he clearly thought that his unfaithful girlfriend had just unexpectedly appeared, and he took a step back in surprise.
'Jaz? What are you-'
Tessa giggled and shook her head.
'No you idiot, it's still me.'
Chester gasped with relief and then burst out laughing.
'Oh my God, Tess? What the hell, that's so freaky! I was so sure that you were Jasmine...'
Tessa struck a pose as she watched him eyeing her up and down.
'It's pretty good right?'
Chester walked around her slowly as he studied her.
'It's insane... I assume this is a wig? It really sells the look... and then the nose ring, also fake I'm guessing... and then the glasses, nice touch. And the outfit too... so simple but so effective.'
Tessa was proud of her work and all the appreciation it was receiving.
'Think you'd be able to tell us apart? If she walked in right now, I mean?'
Chester exhaled ruefully.
'I mean it would be close, but the devil horns sticking out of her forehead might be a bit of a giveaway... wait, hold on.' A switch in his brain seemed to have flicked on and he groaned slightly as he put two and two together. 'So when Alex said she saw Jaz, naked...'
Tessa blushed bashfully, this was the moment where finally her secret was about to be exposed.
'Yeah... so Alex was only kind of wrong, she didn't see Jaz, but she did see me... dressed as her... well not dressed, but you know...'
Chester stared at her in obvious confusion, he knew what she meant but still didn't see how that could possibly be true.
'You did what?'
Tessa sighed and bounced down onto the sofa, then patted the cushion next to her.
'Oh God, you're going to think I'm insane... ok come here, sit down. So, it all started a few weeks ago when Jaz stole my towel...'
*****
It took Tessa half an hour to tell Chester about how ridiculous her life had becoming in the last couple of weeks, especially as he kept interrupting her with endless questions or general remarks of disbelief. Eventually she made him understand though, that she'd been indulging her exhibitionist desires risk free by pretending to be her twin sister, and by the end of it she actually felt pretty good, despite the obvious embarrassment. It was actually a relief to get everything off her chest, and to share her story with another human being. Chester nodded slowly as Tessa finished up with her description of her naked streak from the police car.
'Ok... I get it now. Like I don't understand you or anything, or why you do any of it, but I do get how you do it.'
Tessa thought that was good enough, for now at least.
'Ok... good. So, do you still think I'm a freak?'
Chester rubbed his eyes and laughed quietly.
'Well yeah... but in a good way though. Like a sexy freak, I guess.'
Tessa batted her eyelids suggestively, she still very much had a crush on this boy and that one little compliment was all she needed to hear.
'Well in that case, Chester... would you like to go for a walk? With "Jasmine", I mean...?'
Chester grinned as he realised what she meant.
'Oh yeah, of course. Lead the way, "Jaz".'
*****
'Are you sure you won't be cold?'
The pair strolled along the road, breathing in the cool evening air, and admiring the last remnants of the sunset which was fast dissolving away into the blackening sky. Tessa hadn't bothered to put anything extra on for their walk, and she looked pretty underdressed compared to Chester in his warm thick coat. She shrugged cheerfully at his concern.
'Nah... like I say, I think my body has started to adapt to not wearing much.'
Chester smirked.
'Not wearing much?'
'Ok... much, or anything at all...' Tessa glanced up at him flirtatiously, she was enjoying chatting to him again, even under these very weird circumstances. 'So what, you never just walk around the house naked? Just for fun?'
Chester laughed at the idea.
'Not when I'm at home I don't, I've got two older sisters to think about. At my place at uni I might just walk around in boxers, but only because it's an all boys flat. I definitely wouldn't go around nude though, or answer a pizza delivery like that, I think I'd get arrested.'
Tessa laughed too.
'Yeah... I guess it's easier for girls.'
Chester smiled as he looked down at her.
'Definitely, no one's complaining when it's a body like yours on show...' He trailed off, but now there was definitely a bit of a spark developing between them. 'So how did you come up with the pool idea, or flashing the office workers?'
Tessa had to think for a moment, she'd never really thought about it.
'I don't know, mostly they're just impulsive decisions I make on the spot, they're not planned out or anything.'
'So when you have an idea you just challenge yourself to see if you can do it?'
Tessa agreed.
'Yeah kind of. It's like a dare I guess, a self dare.'
'Ok, ok. Well, in that case I dare you to...' Chester looked around as he searched for inspiration and tried to think of something interesting to make her do. 'Umm, I dare you to walk from here to the traffic lights on the corner, but with your top pulled up.'
A warm tingly feeling swept through Tessa's body, did he really just say that, was this actually happening? After so long reading about these kinds of moments on Literotica was it finally her turn to have a hot guy giving her naughty dares in to complete in public? Because honestly, that was kind of the dream...
'Those ones down there?' They were on quite a long road, and although the streets were generally quiet in Tessa's area there were still plenty of cars driving around.
Chester shrugged, after all the stories he'd just heard he didn't think the idea was too insane.
'Yep.'
'Ok...' Tessa took in a deep breath and nervously glanced behind them, but the coast was clear. She pulled her sister's crop top up over her boobs, flashing her nipples to Chester for the second time, and let the top rest up high on her cleavage. Chester's eyes nearly popped out of his skull when he saw her bare tits as he hadn't banked on her going without underwear.
'Oh shit, Tess! You're not wearing a bra!'
Tessa giggled as she looked down at her unrestrained boobs swaying from side to side as they continued walking.
'Yeah, nah... to be honest I've kind of given up wearing them entirely. It's just comfier, you know?'
Even though Chester had seen them before, and seen Jaz's a hundred times, he still couldn't tear his eyes away, which Tessa took as a compliment.
'Sorry, I wouldn't have asked you to lift your top up if I'd known that you didn't have anything on underneath...'
Now it was Tessa's turn to shrug cheekily.
'Why not? A dare is a dare, right?'
Chester pondered.
'I guess, but I don't know many girls who'd have the balls to do this...'
They kept chatting as a few cars passed by and made Tessa instinctively flinch every time, but to be fair to her she never once tried to cover up as she let everyone get a look at boobs. Chester was very impressed by her bravery as she completed the task when they reached the junction before turning left, heading towards the center of town, but even then Tessa showed no signs of embarrassment.
'So, what next?' Tessa knew that she'd passed the first challenge and could cover up again, but she didn't want to, and Chester noticed her confidence with amusement.
'Err ok... right, you see the row of shops down there?' Again he pointed to a spot a couple of minutes walk away, where the risk of meeting other pedestrians was even greater.
'Yup.'
'Ok, until we get there how about you flash the cars behind us too?'
'Ok, you're the boss.' Without any hesitation Tessa tugged down the waistband of her skirt at the back, revealing her bare butt cheeks which wobbled from side to side as they were pushed up by the elastic hem. Chester laughed when he saw her mooning the entire neighborhood.
'For God's sake Tess! So what, you don't wear any underwear now, at all?'
Tessa smiled cheerfully.
'Nope. Come on though, seriously, what's the point of wearing a skirt if you don't go commando...'
'Hey, I'm not complaining...'
Tessa easily completed the next leg of the dare, even though a couple of trucks gave her appreciative blasts on the horn as they swept past her from behind. They reached a pedestrian crossing by the shops and again Tessa didn't worry about covering up again, instead she just calmly looked up the road and waited for a gap in the traffic.
'Ah!' As she waited for the lights to turn green Tessa gasped as her already low hanging skirt was violently yanked down from around her hips and in an instant was lying crumpled around her feet. She looked back accusingly at Chester who just chuckled as he looked down at the practically naked girl standing in front of him, with only the thin line of her top around her neck giving her any cover, and he was clearly pleased with his successful prank. The lights on the road turned red and suddenly to Tessa's left and right there were two rows of cars waiting for her to cross. She calmly stepped out of her skirt and walked bottomless across the road, Jaz's top still hiked up over her boobs, as she boldly strode confidently with her hands at her sides.
'Holy shit...' Chester picked up Tessa's discarded skirt and jogged after her, glancing at the shocked drivers' faces who were also staring after her bare behind as she reached the other side. Tessa went straight over the opposite pavement and headed down a small alleyway which led to the town's river, and had a couple of paths lining it on both banks. It provided a quieter route into the city center's shops and cafe's than the main road, and seeing as there was no one around Tessa felt bold enough stayed undressed, mainly just to show that Chester hadn't managed to outdo her. Her new partner in crime caught up with her and slapped her on the butt playfully, which startled and pleased her in equal measure.
'Hey, you can look but you can't touch, mister,' she joked.
Chester sarcastically apologised and then held up the bundle of material in his hand.
'Ok ok, sorry. Hey, these are Jasmine's clothes right? I think I recognize this skirt.'
Tessa looked over at him suspiciously as she strode along and tried to pretend that everything was normal.
'Err yeah, they are. Why?'
Chester smiled as he rubbed the fabric ruefully between his fingers.
'Well, that bitch did just cheat on me with, my best friend, so I feel like I deserve a little bit of revenge... and I know she likes this outfit.' He bunched up the skirt in his fist and threw it into the river, where it was quickly swept away by the current.
'Umm...' Tessa watched dumbfounded as half of her clothing floated away out of view, never to be seen again. 'Well... did that make you feel any better at least?'
Chester nodded thoughtfully.
'You know what? It really did, now I see why people key their ex's cars or smash up their phones, this does feel therapeutic. I kind of want to do it again...'
Tessa saw where this was going and wasn't entirely sure that she liked it, flashing in public was one thing but getting rid of all her clothes entirely seemed a bit extreme, even for her. She looked down at her top with concern.
'Wait a second, maybe we should-'
Chester came to a stop on the path as he stepped across her path and interrupted her.
'Tessa?'
'Yeah?' Tessa gulped as she got a sudden and very intense flashback to her time with Dwight the fictional rugby captain.
'Arms up. Now.'
'Damn...' Tessa had never been ordered to strip naked before, and definitely not when stood out wide in the open, but the quiet confidence and firmness in Chester's voice sent a tingle down her spine. She obediently raised her arms as she looked up at the wrestler with large, trusting eyes, and he grinned down at her as he gently peeled her crop top off her body. For the second time in two days Tessa found herself standing completely nude miles away from her home, and she absolutely loved it.
'Yeah... I know Jasmine really likes this top as well... shame.' Chester lobbed Tessa's last piece of clothing into the river too, and they both watched it flow downstream. Tessa rolled her eyes at Chester's foolhardiness, but they both knew she wasn't really mad and actually she was trying her best not to explode with a mix of excitement and worry. So instead she coolly extended her hand out to his, and together they continued their evening walk down the river path as if nothing was out of the ordinary. For the next five minutes they enjoyed the ducks quacking, the summer birds tweeting, and the idyllic evening peace. But then, away in the distance, Tessa saw a big problem.
'Chester! Up ahead!' She nervously cupped a boob with one hand as she saw a large group of joggers, maybe twenty or so middle aged men and women, running towards them on the parallel path across the water.
Chester just shrugged.
'So?'
Tessa blinked incredulously.
'What do you mean, so? I'm naked here!'
'Yeah, but they're on the other side of the river, they can't hurt you.' Chester was right but it wasn't a huge source of comfort for the very apprehensive Tessa.
'But they can see me!'
'But isn't that kind of the point?'
'I mean...' Tessa faded into silence as she realised that yes, that was the point. She'd dreamt of being an exhibitionist and now she was living the lifestyle, and that meant getting seen in the nude by random strangers, like it or not. Chester nodded as he saw that she wouldn't offer up any resistance.
'Ok then. Now arms down, by your sides.'
'Jesus...' But Tessa complied and forced herself to take measured strides as she continued to walk by Chester's side, one arm clutching his bicep tightly. The runners didn't stop but they all slowed when they saw her, and Tessa's cheeks began to burn red as she heard them start to laugh and whisper about her. After what felt like an eternity they'd made it past them, although when Tessa looked over her shoulder she saw plenty of the guys still checking her out as they jogged away.
'Holy shit!'
Chester squeezed her hand encouragingly.
'See, you could handle that no problem. Very impressive!'
They walked on for another ten minutes and Tessa was seen by a few more walkers on the opposite bank, all of whom stopped to get a good look as she passed. They also met two strangers on their side of the river, a couple of young guys who were cycling up the path towards them, and who cheekily got off their bikes to let Chester and Tessa pass, pretending to be helpful when in fact it just meant they got to see her body up close as she squeezed by them. She loved every second though, and was disappointed when she saw that they'd started to reach the busier part of the riverside trail. They'd arrived at the point where the riverside began to become pretty lively, with lots of cafes and bars overlooking the water, and Chester paused as he checked the time on his phone.
'Hey, there's normally one last late showing at the cinema around this time. You want to go and see a movie?'
Tessa looked down at herself and sniggered.
'What, like this?'
Now Chester rolled his eyes.
'I don't think even "Jasmine" is that crazy... here, put this on.' He shrugged off his jacket and held it open as Tessa fed her arms through, then buttoned it up. It looked huge on her obviously, but it did come down to her knees which was nice given the rapidly cooling evening air, and her lack of any other clothing. Tessa giggled as she flapped the comically long sleeves around.
'I look like a penguin.'
'That's more than ok. Now come on, let's go.'
They walked up a path which led to the town's center, and soon they'd reached the local cinema. Tessa felt silly in her new outfit but it was ok, it just looked like a boyfriend had kindly leant his coat to his chilly girlfriend, who had foolishly gone out for the night in a skirt or shorts. The cinema was quiet as there was only one film left for the day, so they bought their tickets and some popcorn and headed to screen four. They chose seats right at the back and munched on their snacks and slurped on their drinks as they watched the endless reels of adverts flash across the screen. There were about twenty other people dotted around the seats infront of them, but luckily no one sat on their row.
'How about another game...' Chester looked over at Tessa with mischief flashing in his eyes. 'For every advert with an animal in it, you undo a button.'
Tessa giggled.
'Haha fine, deal.' They shook on it, and over the next ten minutes there were six pet or insurance commercials which featured a dog or a cat, so soon Tessa only had one button which was precariously holding the coat together. However at that point the screen faded to black, and finally the movie began.
'Oh, here we go...'
The film was some romantic period piece set on a farm, and looked pretty boring, so Tessa immediately suggested a new game.
'How about every time we see a cow I undo a button?'
Chester snorted.
'Yeah, sure.'
The next scene immediately showed a large herd of cattle in a field.
'Ah no,' Tessa dryly remarked, sarcastically rolling her eyes in feigned regret, 'looks like I just lost...'
She popped open the last button and let the sides of the coat fall away to the sides, revealing her pale body which glowed white under the light of the movie screen. She carefully pulled her arms free from the sleeves so that now she was just sitting completely naked in a public cinema, resting back on Chester's jacket as if it were a makeshift blanket. She folded her arms under her boobs, pushing them up gently so that they were even more outrageously plump than usual, and snickered when she saw Chester gawking at them.
'It's ok, you can touch them if you like...'
Chester didn't need any encouragement and reached over to hungrily paw at her tits, groping and grabbing at them as Tessa squirmed ticklishly, trying her best not to laugh out loud. However what had started off as funny soon became more serious, and as Chester massaged her boobs Tessa felt herself getting wetter and more aroused. She reached out her index and forefinger towards Chester's lips, and after a moment of confusion he let her insert them into his mouth. She shivered slightly as his tongue licked her fingers up and down, and when they were suitably damp she pulled them back out and slowly inserted her now lubricated hand into her pussy. Now she was fingering herself in public as Chester fondled her mere feet away from a group of strangers, and it felt incredible.
'Well, what do we have here...' Chester was wearing relatively thin tracksuit bottoms, so when Tessa reached out and rested her hand on his crotch she could immediately feel that her display had achieved the desired result.
'Feels like you could do with some help with that...' Tessa never broke eye contact with Chester as she slowly slipped down off the jacket covered seat, until her bent knees touched the rough carpeted floor. She crawled round, hidden from the rest of the theater by the rows of chairs, until she was in between Chester's legs, which she gently eased apart. She pulled down his trousers just far enough to reveal his underwear, and she was pleased to see the unmistakable outline of his erection straining against the material. Tessa had heard from a friend of a friend that Chester was pretty well endowed, but she'd never asked her sister to confirm or deny that rumor, and now she'd get to find out for herself.
'Damn... I'd heard stories, I guess now I know they were true.' She gently pulled his already rock hard dick through the flap in his boxers, and let it spring free and point rigidly skywards as it was released from its confines. It was the largest she'd encountered in real life, not as ludicrously enormous as Dwight's magical cock from her fantasies, but still big enough to be pretty intimidating to a girl her size. It was also veiny and twitchy and clearly raring to go, and any feelings of nervousness were easily overpowered by her lust and curiosity.
'Oh God...' Chester moaned quietly as Tessa sat up slightly so she could reach him properly, then leant forwards and tentatively took his tip in her mouth, and wrapped her hands around his shaft. The film was relatively loud and the cinema's speakers gave them a decent amount of sound cover, so Tessa didn't have to worry too much about being heard. That meant she was free to suck and slurp away to her heart's content as she simultaneously blew and jerked Chester off, there was a lot of dick for her small hands to work with.
'Tess, oh my God, you're amazing...'
Tessa was pleased that her oral skills were being appreciated, but she decided to switch things up regardless by moving on to her signature move, the titty fuck. Most men fantasised about getting wanked off by a girl solely using her boobs, but most women didn't have a deep enough cleavage to successfully give it a go. That wasn't an issue for Tessa though, and so she shifted forwards again and pressed her chest into Chester's crotch, enveloping his dick in between her massive tits.
'Fucking hell...'
Normally when she did this the guy's cock would disappear completely into her deep cleavage, but Chester was just long enough so that the head of his dick could just peak out from between her boobs, and Tessa bowed her head to give it a loving kiss on the tip as she began to bounce up and down.
'So, did Jaz ever let you do anything like this?' Tessa whispered, as she continued to press her tits tightly together.
'No, no never...'
'I'm glad...'
'You know what else she never agreed to do?' Chester looked into her eyes with a look of pure lust.
'What?' Tessa was beginning to pant now as she started to tire from her exertions.
'She would never, umm, swallow, if you get what I mean...' Chester glanced up at Tessa nervously, worried that he might have finally pushed his luck too far and broken the spell. Luckily for him Tessa just smiled and bowed her head again as she whispered to him in between mouthfuls.
'Well, I've always said that spitters are quitters...' Tessa wrapped both hands back of her around his shaft, opened her mouth wide, and began to furiously finish him off.
*****
The film was barely past the ten minute mark by the time they'd finished up but they didn't care, their work at the cinema was done. Chester had tucked himself back into his trousers and then passed Tessa his coat and she'd reluctantly slipped it back on, sad to be wearing clothes again. It turned out that Chester had the balls to match his large dick, and they'd produced so much semen that despite her best efforts Tessa had been unable to gulp it all down in one go. Her mouth had been full to the point of overflowing and a small dribble of cum had escaped out the side of her lips, and trickled down her chin. Chester helpfully pointed this out but Tessa just shrugged cheerfully and linked her arm through his as they exited the theater. She'd always wanted to do a public cum walk so she proudly thrust out her chin as the shiny sticky residue on her skin glistened under the cinema's lamps, and stunned workers did a double take as they watched her walk past.
When they were outside Chester finally wiped up the spare cum with his thumb, then offered his outstretched finger to Tessa who eagerly sucked it clean. They shared another long kiss as Tessa jumped up into his arms and he groped her bare butt cheeks as he gripped them beneath her coat, and then they set out back into the night. They ended up strolling around town for another couple of hours, enjoying each other's company and easy conversation, and eventually they had looped around back around to Tessa's road.
'Well...' Chester slowed to a stop at the bottom of the driveway and smiled, 'that was fun.'
Tessa grinned.
'Yeah, it really was. I'd invite you in, but Jaz will be back by now, and...'
Chester nodded and shrugged.
'Yeah don't worry, it's fine.'
'Ok, cool. Oh yeah, you need this back.' Tessa glanced at her house to make sure all the windows were still dark as she unbuttoned Chester's coat, and he laughed nervously.
'Don't be silly, you can keep it, you don't need to give it to me right now. I'll come and pick it up from you some other time.'
Tessa had finished unfastening the jacket, and without any hesitation she slipped it off her shoulders and held it out for Chester to take.
'No, you'll be cold! I won't let you walk home without it. Seriously, take it.'
'Jesus Tess...' Chester didn't take his eyes off her as he let Tessa's stubbornness win, and reluctantly pulled on his coat and then leant down to her for one final kiss. Tessa wrapped her arms around his back as their lips met, and he reached down to cheekily grab her butt as they made out. Eventually they broke off, and Tessa smiled sadly up at him, she never wanted tonight to end, she could do this forever. At the same time though she felt like they'd had the perfect evening together so far, and ultimately he was still Jasmine's boyfriend for now, so she felt that going any further might be a step too far.
'Goodnight Chester.' She stepped away and sauntered slowly up the path, looking back over her shoulder as she watched him stare lustfully after her.
'Goodnight Tess...' With a heavy heart Chester finally tore his gaze away and headed off into the dark.
Tessa fished out the spare set of keys that her family kept hidden in the plant pot by the front door, then headed inside and went straight into the kitchen. She poured out a glass of water and gulped it down, finally washing away the not unwelcome taste of Chester's cum from her mouth with had been lingering on her tongue since the cinema. She yawned as the adrenaline from her evening's exploits began to wear off, so she headed upstairs and accidentally walked straight into her dad.
'Shit!'
'Jesus! Err, Jasmine?' Her father immediately averted his eyes skywards as Tessa awkwardly covered herself up with her hands and stood squirming on the upstairs landing. Luckily she still had her wig on, so her dad had misidentified her as her sister.
'What are you doing?'
Tessa blushed, even though her disguise was still working this was still incredibly awkward.
'Sorry dad, I was thirsty and I just went to the kitchen to get a drink, I thought everyone was asleep...'
Her father sighed as he continued to study the ceiling.
'Right, well maybe put some clothes on when you're out of your room, ok sweetie? Just incase.'
'Yeah, of course, sorry. Umm, night then. Sorry again.'
'Yes, goodnight Jaz.'
Tessa nervously shuffled past him as she headed towards her room.
'And umm, dad? Could you not tell mum about this?'
Her father had already turned to walk the down the hall to the bathroom.
'I won't, don't worry. See you tomorrow.'
'Thanks...' The chastened and genuinely mortified Tessa watched him disappear through the doorway and then scampered back to her room, and she collapsed onto her bed with a sigh. She pulled the duvet over her goosebump covered skin, then started to laugh uncontrollably into her pillow as she reflected on how ridiculous that night had been. Even taking that last second embarrassment into consideration, that had still been the best day of her life, by an absolute mile.
*****
The next afternoon a very naked Tessa was masturbating again as she read another of ThanksForAllTheFish's magnificent stories, one about a couple who cured their lock down boredom by becoming amateur exhibitionists, when their naughty antics gave her another bad idea. She kept her vibrator working away on her clit as she opened her phone with her free hand and texted Chester.
'Hey, you still haven't confronted Jaz about Patrick right?'
He replied quickly.
'No, I still haven't seen her, I think if I even message her I'll just flip and get pissed off.'
'Ok, so you two are still meant to be going to the festival this Friday?'
Every year the next town over had a big concert thing in a field, where pretty well known bands from across the county would gather for three days of live music. It was very popular, to the point that sadly Tessa and her friend group hadn't been able to get tickets for this weekend. However she knew Jasmine and her mates had been more lucky, and she was meant to be going with Chester.
'Oh, well I still have the tickets if that's what you mean.'
Tessa smiled, this was all she needed to know.
'Nice. In that case I know how we can get back at her.'
'Oh yeah?'
'Yeah... here's the plan.'
*****
The next morning the Conolly family were discussing what everyone's plans were for the day, and Jasmine was telling her parents about the festival that she was attending that afternoon. Tessa smiled quietly to herself as she listened to her sister's enthusiasm, and then surprised her with a kind offer.
'Hey Jaz, I'm going to Maya's for the day, so I could drive you to the station on the way if you want?'
Jasmine was a bit taken aback, seeing as she had been a total dick to Tessa over the last week or so, but she wasn't about to turn down a free lift.
'Oh that would be great Tess, if you don't mind, thanks!'
Tessa smiled.
'Sure, it's no problem.'
A few hours later Jasmine, now dressed in her flamboyant festival outfit, was being driven towards the station by Tessa, who swore as they ran over a pot hole in the road.
'Shit...' She pulled over the side and put on the hazard lights.
'Jaz I think that might have just blown out our tire... the steering's gone wonky. Can you check the left wheel, at the back? See if there's a puncture?'
'Err yeah, sure.' Jasmine put her phone on the dashboard and unclipped her seat belt, then climbed out of the car as she went to go and examine the extent of the fabricated damage. As soon as she was standing on the grassy verge Tessa leant over and quickly pulled the passenger door shut, then hit the lock button as Jasmine turned around to look at her with confusion.
'Hey Tess, what the... what are you doing?' She tapped on the glass irritably and Tessa buzzed down the window just enough so that they could hear each other clearly.
'Yeah change of plans, I'm not dropping you off at all, I'm just going to leave you here.'
Jasmine didn't know if she was more angry or confused, to her knowledge she had done nothing to deserve this.
'What the hell? Why? Just let me in!'
Tessa shook her head gleefully, it turns out that revenge does indeed taste sweet.
'Bye now, enjoy your walk home!'
'Tessa! You have my phone! Hey!' Jasmine's screams faded away as Tessa waved her goodbye and sped off back along the highway towards the station. On the platform she met Chester and they hugged excitedly, so far the plan was going well. It would take Jasmine a couple of hours to trek back to the house, and by then Tessa would be having a great time posing as her replacement at the festival. She held Chester's hand as they boarded the train and took their seats to begin the twenty minute journey to the next town along, where the rest of their group were waiting. As they pulled away from the station Chester turned to look judgingly at Tessa's plain t-shirt and leggings.
'So, is this what you're wearing today? It's not very festivaly...'
Tessa slapped his arm playfully.
'No silly, I've got a change of clothes in my bag here. I logged onto Jasmine's amazon account and found out what she'd ordered, so I've got an exact copy of her outfit. You know, just incase she'd already told her girlfriends what she was going to wear already.'
Chester was impressed.
'Oh, very sneaky... so what, you need to get changed before you see them at the next stop?'
Tessa raised her eyebrows suggestively.
'Yeah...'
'Ok, are you going to go use the bathroom then?'
Tessa rolled her eyes.
'Eww, the ones on these trains? No way, they're disgusting. Here should be more than fine, now hold this please....'
'Wait, what are you doing...' Chester looked on dumbfounded as Tessa shoved her bag onto his lap, making him wince slightly, and then with an excited glance around she leant down and started undoing her trainers. She looked up with him as she fiddled with the laces and chuckled.
'Huh? I told you, I'm getting changed.'
Their train was absolutely rammed as everyone was heading to the same destination, and every seat was taken up by young festival goers dressed in flamboyant outfit. Around the doors people were having to stand up, but where they were in the middle of the carriage no one was blocking the aisle. However there was still a couple across them to their left, not to mention the people who were sitting behind them, so it really wasn't a safe place to get changed at all.
Chester gulped nervously and whispered down to this crazy girl.
'Tess, there's no way you can do this without being seen!'
'Chester relax, it's fine.' Tessa put her shoes under her chair and then quickly stripped off her leggings, peeling them down her legs and balling them up before shoving them into the bag. Chester got a quick glimpse in between her thighs and his eyes widened.
'Are you... wearing any underwear today?'
Tessa didn't reply, instead she just gave him a wry look and slowly pulled up her long t-shirt up until it was around her hips.
'Oh, wow... ok, so no.'
Tessa stifled a laugh, his face was priceless as he stared down at her bared pussy.
'Correct. Now, could you...' She looked at him pointedly as she nervously played with the hem of her top.
'Oh, yeah. Right...' Chester realised what she wanted and shifted his body round so that he was sitting pointing towards her, with his back to the aisle. This meant that his back provided a bit of cover from the other passengers across from them, kind of, and that was enough to satisfy Tessa.
'Thank you.' She didn't need any more encouragement as she yanked her t-shirt up and over her head, giggling as her boobs were released and bounced down unrestricted, jiggling titillatingly as she stuffed her top into the bag. Chester's mouth had actually fallen open in amazement as he took in the greatest tit-drop he had ever seen in his life.
'Help me, I need to get my other clothes out.' Tessa hissed insistently as she sat there now completely naked on a busy train, the rough material of the seats scratching her bare cheeks and just tickling the edges of her lips, in a very interesting way. As Chester reached for the bag she looked out the window and saw her own nude reflection looking back at her, and she gasped as it was so surreal to see her body exposed in such an unusual location.
'Hey, Chester, look.' They were just passing through a station, where the train wouldn't stop but it would slow down as it rolled by the busy platforms. Instead of hiding away from the waiting passengers Tessa instead sat forwards and pressed her boobs up against the glass, and laughed as she watched people staring and pointing in her direction.
Chester laughed too.
'Tessa! OK you've officially gone mad.'
'Not Tessa, it's Jasmine...' The train had passed the end of the platform and the view outside returned to a blur of trees and bushes. Tessa sat back from the window and laughed when she saw she'd left a faint imprint of her tits on the pane of glass. 'Oh shit.' She hunched down and leant into Chester's body as someone walked past down the aisle, and decided that actually it was probably time to get dressed.
'Sorry, here you go.' Chester helped hold the bag open as Tessa hunched over peer inside it, causing her boobs to hang down and rest on her thighs as she reached in to feel around for her outfit.
'Got them.' She pulled out the clothes she'd bought online to recreate Jasmine's look, and carefully pulled on an embroidered denim skirt, hiking it up to her hips. Next on was a frilly bra, followed by a skin tight orange top which was covered in sequins and glitter. Sunglasses and a neckerchief completed the look, along with the mandatory wig and nose ring.
'You're actually crazy...'
*****
The rest of the journey passed without incident and they swarmed off the train with all the other festival goers. Waiting for them outside the station were Jasmine and Chester's friends, including Patrick. He greeted them warmly, obviously unaware that Chester knew about his betrayal, and doubly unaware that the girl he thought he had cheated with was actually miles away on a long walk home.
'Hey guys, aww everyone's outfits look so cool!'
Tessa knew Jasmine's girlfriends relatively well, in fact this was the pair who had seen her falling off her chair in the nude, so she managed to survive their greetings without giving herself away. No one batted an eyelid as she adopted her sister's huskier voice, but she didn't push her luck and decided to stick religiously to Chester's side as they all walked off towards the festival. They all had their tickets checked at the main gates and their bags were searched, but soon they were allowed through into the main field where the main stage was, and where there were countless pop up bars and food outlets lining the huge field.
'So everyone... drinks?'
Everyone soon got pretty drunk fairly quickly as they partied and danced around in the afternoon sun. The audience for the main stage was already rammed so they had no chance of making it to the front, but they entertained themselves by checking out the smaller performances that were dotted around the festival. Tessa and Chester quickly let themselves become separated from the rest of the group as they knew that they'd have much more fun on their own. As they wandered through the early evening haze they passed two young women both of whom were completely topless apart from two thin strips of black tape taped over each nipple. Tessa looked up at Chester as the pair strutted by, and she caught him staring at their barely covered boobs.
'Oh you like that huh?' She didn't care, the girls were undeniably hot and she stole a couple of glances too, but she still playfully nudged into him anyway.
'What?' Chester smiled bashfully as she looked scoldingly up at him, he clearly hadn't been very subtle as he checked the pair out. 'Nah, I just...'
'Haha I'm just playing silly. Tell you what though, if that's the kind of thing that's acceptable at this place...' Tessa reached behind her back and fiddled briefly, then sneakily pulled the straps of her now unfastened bra over her shoulders, and then pulled it up out of the neck of her shirt.
'There we go, much better.' She reached inside her top to readjust her tits and boost her cleavage up a little, and looked down at her work with satisfaction.
'Well now there's only going to be one pair that everyone is checking out...'
Chester was entertained to see that Tessa's nipples were already hard enough to clearly poke through the thin material of her cheap top, and now her tits were free to jiggle around pleasingly under her top as she moved.
'So you don't mind then, if all the other boys stare at me?'
'Hell nah, free the nipple I say.'
Chester dramatically tore open his shirt, as the buttons popped off and flew down onto the grass. Tessa giggled and reached up to give chest a quick appreciative squeeze, and then she carefreely launched her bra up and behind her, high into the sky.
'So, where do you want to go first?'
*****
The main stage was still absolutely rammed with the crowd who were waiting for the headline act, but there were several other smaller performances dotted around the festival which were still playing good music. So Tessa and Chester kept on drinking and partying as they moved between all the different artists, until after a few hours they found themselves in one of the larger tents. Here there was a relatively famous heavy metal band, and although Tessa normally couldn't stand that sort of music tonight she was happy to stay and listen. In her drunken state the noise and aggression were exciting and fun, and soon she and Chester were head banging with the rest of the hardcore fans.
'Hey Tessa, want me to pick you up?'
Obviously one of the problems of being a short woman is that in big crowds you can't see a thing. But one of the advantages of being super hot with massive tits is that you can ask your hunk of a boyfriend to effortlessly lift you onto his shoulders, giving you a brilliant view of the action. However, a further consequence of being up that high, with the aforementioned huge boobs, is that you are almost guaranteed to get picked out by the festival's camera operators who often scanned the audience to get some good action shots of their support. Tessa wasn't the first target as up on the big tv screens by the stage appeared another girl, also perched on some guy's shoulders, who was thrashing her arms in the air as the music blared. The shot zoomed in on her and she looked up and saw herself on the display, and started to wave excitedly.
'Hey, lady!' The metal band's front man had noticed her out of the corner of his eye, and he broke off from his lyrics mid song to call out to her. 'Give the crowd what they want, let's see some tits!'
A large cheer went up around the tent but the girl started blushing and waved her hands frantically as she shook her head, which caused a loud chorus of boos and jeers. Women flashing the camera was a pretty standard and very popular feature of these performances, and everyone was expecting to see some boobs. The camera cut back to the performance on stage, but immediately the singer was once more distracted by something in the crowd and he stopped singing again to voice his appreciation.
'Hell yeah baby, that's more like it!' The displays cut back to reveal the crowd and sure enough, there was another young women on her boyfriend's back with her bra pulled up over her small breasts. When she saw herself on the screen she raised her arms above her head and whooped, then reached down to tweak her nipples as she cackled. The rest of the crowd cheered loudly too, as even her modest proportions were very much appreciated.
'Stop looking!' Tessa playfully reached down and covered Chester's eyes, but he wrestled her fingers away and squeezed her thigh reassuringly.
'Hey, I can -- oh shit, Tessa look!'
Tessa gasped as once again the camera feed cut away and this time beamed her dumbfounded face up onto the screens. She gawked stupidly up at her own image as the group around them started to wave up at the displays, and murmurs of excitement started to rumble around her when everyone saw how busty she was.
'Take it off, take it off...' Some drunk bozo in the distance shouted out to her, slurring his words, but instantly his chant was picked up by the rest of the crowd.
'Come on sweetheart, let's see those babies.' Even the singer got involved again and this time it was Tessa's turn to start blushing, half from the pressure of having hundreds of strangers staring at her, and half from the excitement of what she knew she was about to do.
'Well, "Jasmine"?'
Chester's cheeky comment from bellow was the final straw, and so with a devilish smile Tessa looked up at the screen and very slowly pulled one strap of her top off from her shoulder. Everyone started to yell and holler, so Tessa bit her lip and moved the second strap over as well, so that both of them hung uselessly to the side. With all the elegance and playfulness of a strip tease she coyly slipped her finger under the hem of her top and teasingly shifted it lower down her cleavage, as the hungry men around her grew louder and louder. Now with both hands gripping the edge of the material she gradually drew it down until the edges of her nipples were just about to peak into view, and at that moment she paused, just as she had done so all those weeks ago in her locker room fantasy.
'Do it!'
Tessa didn't make everyone wait long as she finally pulled her top all the way down and her tits sprung out into full view. The crowd erupted as she squealed and stuck her tongue out rebelliously, keeping her eyes locked on the screens as she wiggled her chest back and forth to make her boobs dance for their audience.
'Fucking hell darling, those are perfect. God bless you!' The singer winked in her direction and then resumed the song, and in an instant Tessa's image disappeared from the displays and was replaced with a shot of the drummer thrashing at his cymbals.
'Holy shit!' For whatever reason Tessa didn't pull her top up, instead she just cupped her hands around her tits to form a makeshift bra as her top lay uselessly around her waist, then leant down to shout into Chester's ear. 'That was insane!'
*****
For the next half an hour or so the happy couple partied on as the music continued to blare. Tessa never bothered to cover herself up as she remained perched up on Chester's shoulders, there didn't seem to be any need to, and to be honest having your tits out in public is quite fun. Even when she eventually swung down from her vantage point she stayed topless as she danced on ground level with Chester, as their dirty boots steadily trampled down all the grass into the mud. Even though the crowd was mostly bearded men with nose piercings and leather wrist bands, all of whom were either drunk or high or normally both, she actually felt remarkably safe. Everyone around her just seemed to welcome her partially nudity, and she got plenty of appreciative nods and thumbs ups as she spun and twirled. The set was heading towards the final stages when a tall guy with a backstage pass around his neck pushed through the crowd and tapped Tessa on her bare shoulder, making her jump.
'Hey, the guys want you to come up on stage. Are you down?'
It turned out that the man was one of the band's roadies, and the musicians had specifically requested that Tessa be invited to join them for the last few songs. Again it wasn't unusual at these events for a few hot chicks to join the guys to dance and pose as they played, and a few of the braver ones would even occasionally show some skin. However specifically getting hand picked out of the crowd was unheard of, but clearly Tessa's earlier show had made an impact. In the chaos and noise she couldn't hear the man clearly, and she self consciously tucked her tits back into her top which she hurriedly tugged back up, before leaning in closer and cupping her ear.
'Sorry, what?'
The guy shouted back at her.
'Do you want to come up on stage, with the band? The guys asked for you specifically, for the girl in orange.'
Tessa raised her eyes in shock but nodded eagerly too, that sounded like a great idea.
'Oh my God... I mean yeah, obviously!' Again she normally wouldn't give a shit about this sort of thing, but right now she was loving every second of it.
The man nodded and held out a tattoo covered hand.
'Right come on then, follow me.'
He pulled Tessa away by her arm who in turn tugged Chester along behind her, then the trio weaved their way through to the front of the crowd and diverted along the side until they reached a roped off blockade. Here the man turned and shook his head sternly at Chester.
'Not you mate, they just want her.'
'I'll be fine Chester, don't worry.' Tessa tiptoed and gave him a comforting peck on the cheek, then followed the guy as a tall bouncer let them through and she was led up a small flight of steps. Tessa stumbled slightly as she trod out onto the flat surface of the stage, then she turned to the left and just like that she was suddenly standing right next to the band's bass player, who glanced over and looked at her with interest as he played.
'Umm what do I...' She turned and gestured questioningly at the roadie, who just shrugged unhelpfully.
'Just go do your thing, get crazy, the crowd will love you regardless. Dance a bit, flash a bit if you want, I don't really care to be honest.'
'Ok...' Tessa gulped as she suddenly felt very shy, but luckily for her at that moment another hot girl had joined from the other side of the stage and was strutting confidently towards her as she smiled out at the rowdy crowd. This chick looked more like the band's stereotypical kind of fan, with her thick mascara, ripped fishnet tights and chunky studded boots, and an overall badass attitude. When she reached the lead singer's side she stuck out her tongue at the audience and reached for her top, aggressively pulling it down to her waist and then lifting up her bra to reveal her pierced tits, which she then shook violently as everyone applauded and hollered. Tessa noticed the front man grin at the girl admiringly and she suddenly felt a pang of jealousy, she was not going to be outdone by this women, she could do better than that. So instead she followed her lead by walking to the middle of the stage too, and did her best to look just as cool and composed. There was a lot of whooping as people recognised her from earlier, and so she blew some kisses to the crowd.
'Hey it's you again, nice one.'
The singer grinned when he saw her approaching and Tessa gave him a cheeky wink, then turned one hundred and eighty degrees so that she was standing with her back to the crowd. She folded her arms across her waist to grab the bottom of her top's hem, and then slowly began to pull it up her sides as behind her everyone began to start yelling again.
'Haha, nice.'
She was facing the drummer who laughed as he watched her teasing all the men in the packed tent, and he nodded approvingly as he was given his own private show when Tessa's boobs spilled out of her top. She smiled back at him as she placed an arm over her tits and then turned back around, whirling the orange garment around her head as everyone chanted for more. In a moment of madness she launched her top into the crowd and it was immediately plucked out of the sky by an eager pair of hands, and then she gave everyone what they wanted as she raised her hands above her heads and revealed her tits to the room once again.
'Nice work darling.'
The bass player called out to praise her display, and Tessa beamed with a happy drunken pride. However she wasn't the star of the show for long as she noticed the piercings girl, who by now had also stripped completely topless and also chucked her bra away, whispering something into the singer's ear. He was busy singing but he still nodded at whatever she had said, and when he did the rock chick walked back to the edge of the stage and unbuckled her jeans, then slowly pulled them down her legs as the crowd went even wilder than before. She stumbled out of her trousers and was soon clad only in a very tight pair of panties, and Tessa unashamedly checked out her rival's tight lean body as she watched on in awe, before their eyes finally met.
'Hey girl, come here.'
For the first time the other, slightly older women spoke as she beckoned Tessa over to her side. Tessa obeyed and walked over, still forcing herself to keep her arms down by her sides, and she was about to open her mouth to reply when to her surprise the other girl reached out and pulled her body into hers, and dragged her in for a kiss. Tessa had never done anything with another girl at that point, she'd definitely never made out with one before, and sharing her first bi-curious moment whilst standing topless on stage in front of hundreds of strangers was a bit extreme, even by her crazy new standards. But she'd be lying if she said she wasn't enjoying the bizarre experience, especially as it turned out that girl's lips were quite a bit softer than boys ones were, and this chick certainly knew how to use hers to good effect. She also knew how to put her hands in all the right places as she boldly played with Tessa's boobs as they snogged one another. Tessa tentatively reached out and fondled her back in turn, playing with the girl's nipple piercings as she felt her first ever pair of tits. As her breathing started to get heavier and more labored she slowly grew more confident and let her hands slip down the girl's back, then allowed her palms to roam over her panty covered butt which she gave a few tentative squeezes.
'How about let's get this off too huh?'
The rock chick seemed to think that Tessa was still overdressed by comparison to her, and Tessa stiffened slightly as she felt the girl's hands drop to her waist and start to feed their way under the band of her skirt.
'Hey, hold on, I don't...' Tessa panicked as she realised what was about to happen, but the girl just shushed her and smiled devilishly as she gazed into her eyes.
'Shh, it's ok, they want to see you...'
'No, I mean that...'
Tessa ran out of words as she tried to work out whether or not she really wanted to go all the way, but then her mind was made up for her as the girl dropped into a squat by her side. She turned Tessa so that she was facing the audience face on and then slowly pulled her skirt down her legs, and Tessa flinched as her bare pussy was suddenly exposed to the air. Her new friend was clearly surprised when she saw that the university student didn't have anything on underneath her last item of clothing, but after a brief pause she carried on regardless and soon she had stripped Tessa completely naked. Before Tessa's brain could realise what her body was doing she had stepped out of her crumpled skirt, and then used the tip of her boot to scoop it up and fling it into the crowd where again it was immediately swallowed up by a sea of arms.
'Jesus Christ...' Tessa only had a moment to stare wide eyed at the hundreds of joyful faces who were ogling her body before she was grabbed again by the girl and they resumed their public make out session, one clad only in panties and the other now in nothing at all as they groped hungrily at each other's bodies. Tessa's horniness was now comfortably outweighing her shyness and she hungrily sucked at the other woman's lips with a renewed intensity, and her enthusiasm didn't go unnoticed.
'Here...' The rock girl gently but deliberately guided one of Tessa's wandering hands away from her butt and moved it around to her front, then she slipped Tessa's fingers inside her underwear. Tessa gasped as she felt the soft warmth of this stranger's pussy, this was now truly surreal, but she didn't offer any resistance as she carefully eased her forefinger inside her. It was strange, everything felt familiar and she could recognise all the same nooks and crannies from when she fingered herself, and furthermore she could tell from her own experience that this girl was so wet that she must be horny as fuck, but overall it just felt so weird to be inside another human's body like this. She began to gain confidence as she pushed in deeper, now adding a second finger to the party, and she curled them into her new best friend as she really began to get her off. The girl was beginning to pant harder as she ground her hips into Tessa's hand and shoved her tongue down her throat, but then suddenly she broke off.
'Ok, your turn.' The girl took Tessa's hand out of her panties and sucked her moist fingers clean, which sent the crowd into hysterics. Next she briefly readjusted her underwear which had been temporarily shoved aside, then sunk down into a squat with her face directly infront of Tessa's crotch, who could guess what was about to happen. The girl looked up and made unwavering eye contact as she slowly stuck out her tongue, and then curled it up until it lightly brushed against Tessa's pussy. Tessa just stood frozen in place as she looked down in shock, and then she yelped as the girl unceremoniously grabbed her cheeks from behind and used them to pull Tessa's body into her face.
'Oh my God...' Tessa found herself closing her eyes as the girl's tongue pushed deeper into her and began to dance around, clearly it had done this before. She'd received oral from a few guys before but a fellow woman really can do it best because they know just what feels best, and Tessa reached down and pressed the back of the girls head harder into her pussy. Everything was so overwhelming, the bass from the speakers was shaking her bones, the noise from the crowd was deafening, the sensations in between her legs were mind blowing, and to top it all she was still only wearing a pair of boots. She was quickly building to the orgasm of a lifetime when a loud bang made her eye's shoot open again.
'Holy shit!'
The lead singer had raised his guitar above his head and started to aggressively smash it repeatedly against a stack of amps, and the crowd went mental as the rest of the band members joined in by trashing their musical instruments, which was another typical feature of their shows. The two girls disengaged from one another and huddled together at the side as they watched on with wide eyes at the rock and roll destruction and chaos, and then Tessa felt her arm being tugged by the roadie again.
'Ok that's it sweetheart, we need to get off stage now, just incase you accidentally get hit by something. Come on.'
Tessa instinctively covered her boobs with her arm as she let the man hold her hand and lead her off stage, and she glanced behind her to see the other girl also being hurriedly dragged off the stage in the other direction. The bearded guy looked down at her nude body and tutted.
'You got any spare clothes with you love?'
Tessa just looked up at him and shrugged cheekily, after the last ten minutes it felt stupid to even try and be modest now.
'Eh, let's see if I need any.'
The guy chuckled.
'You know I like your style, it's a shame you can't come to every show.'
'Hey, if you ever want a permanent performer I'd be up for it.'
As the anarchy on the stage continued Tessa was helped back down the steps and through the barrier, the roadie said his goodbyes, and just like that she was left standing alone at the edge of the vast crowd, still without a stitch of clothing. Suddenly she felt very alone as everyone's eyes latched onto her body and looked her up and down, and she self consciously hugged herself as she nervously stepped back out into the mass of people. She was soon swallowed up by them as she walked through the throng of festival goers, all of whom loomed over her short figure, and then her heart nearly stopped when she felt someone reach out and slap her arse.
'Oh thank God it's you.' She whirled round and was delighted to see that Chester had found her again, and they hugged tightly.
'Tessa, are you ok? That was the hottest thing I've ever fucking seen, you looked incredible!' Chester hurriedly shrugged off his shirt as he spoke and handed it over to Tessa, ever the perfect gentleman.
'Thanks...' Tessa didn't bother to put it on though, she just tied the arms around her waist and let the back hang down over her butt, again leaving her completely topless with her pussy peaking out from between the hanging sleeves. Now both of them were bare from the waist up, and she distractedly ran her fingertips up and down Chester's abs as she looked up at him.
'Oh yeah you enjoyed it then? You liked seeing me with that girl?'
'I mean...' Chester looked meaningfully down at his jeans, and Tessa covered her mouth to stifle a laugh when she saw the unmistakable shape of his erection straining against the denim.
'Oh wow, you really liked it huh?'
Chester nodded eagerly, every guy has fantasies of seeing his girl with another woman right?
'Hell yeah! So, do you want to get out of here, or...'
Tessa looked around and pondered, she was still having fun and the night was still young.
'I don't know, let's stay a bit longer maybe.'
Chester glanced down at her with concern.
'Ok sure. Umm, are you ok staying like that though?'
Tessa laughed.
'What, like this?' She playfully pulled the shirt sleeves wide apart to give Chester a clear view in between her legs. 'Why not, everyone's already seen everything, right?'
'Hey, no complaints from me. If I had my way you'd never put anything on ever again.'
The metal band had finally finished destroying their instruments and had been applauded off the stage, and on the opposite side of the tent the final performer of the night, a house music DJ, had just started his set. Purple strobe lights and glittering disco balls were illuminated to give the place more of a cooler, sexier, nightclub feel, and soon even more festival goers had poured into the tent to make it even more crowded than before. As the booming bass of the dance hall tracks reverberated through her sweating body Tessa began to sway her hips to the rhythm, grinding her butt back into Chester's crotch as she danced as seductively and sensuously as possible. Chester began to lean and thrust back into her too, and he reached his arms round her body to squeeze and grope her boobs as they rubbed against one another. Tessa brought her hands up to guide his, and together they cupped her tits and massaged them as they grooved to the music. Her toplessness wasn't attracting too much attention and some of party girls had also stripped down to their flimsy bralettes or crop tops, but no one had gone all the way like she had done.
'Hey...' All this partial nudity and dirty dancing had made Tessa become too turned on to think straight, and so she reached her hand back as she swayed with Chester to test his readiness by squeezing his crotch through his jeans. She was happy to feel that her teasing had got him even more excited than before, and she was actually surprised that his dick hadn't burst it's way through his zip, such was the intensity of his boner.
'Come on... I want it now...'
'Huh? Really, here..?' Chester sounded slightly more worried as he continued to cup her tits and murmur quietly into her ear.
'Sure... why not?' Tessa kept her hands behind her back as she tried to sneakily unbutton his trousers, but Chester gently eased her prying fingers away as he relented.
'Hey don't stress, I've got it...'
Tessa heard unzipping and felt the back of the shirt being hiked up over her hips, and then suddenly the unmistakable hard warmth of Chester's cock was nestling in between her cheeks. Now though it was his turn to tease her as he casually slid his shaft back and forth along her butt, and Tessa clamped her butthole tightly as she tried to squeeze his tip tightly with her thighs. This was undeniably hot, but still not enough.
'Come on man, just put it in me...'
Chester obliged by glancing furtively around as he did his best to casually reach down under Tessa's makeshift skirt and use his hand to guide himself as he cautiously slipped inside her, prompting a satisfied sigh from Tessa's lips.
'Oh yeah...' She exhaled deeply as their bodies interlocked, and now their grinding was upgraded to a very slow, subtle fucking. As Chester smoothly slid in and out of her Tessa kept on forcing her hips back into him with more force, trying to get him to reach in deeper and deeper as they pretended to dance.
'Harder Chester, come on... pick up the pace.'
Chester nervously looked around them, they were definitely beginning to attract quite a few stares and raised eyebrows as people recognised the very obvious motion of their bodies.
'Tess, it's starting to look really obvious now...'
'I don't care, I don't... oh, fuck!' Tessa really didn't give a damn, and she began to thrust her butt back even harder into Chester's crotch, thwacking their skin together as she increased the tempo on her own. Chester was far more worried but he was also only a man, so he simply couldn't resist the opportunity as he reached down to grip her hips and started to pump her from behind with far more aggression.
'Yes, finally...'
The knot around Tessa's waist was quickly beginning to undo as they began to fuck harder and faster, and as she felt it loosening around her waist she impulsively tugged the shirt completely away from her body, and let it fall down onto the mud. Now there was zero cover or pretense left to protect her, she was just a naked chick getting fucked from behind in the middle of a festival tent. No one else was paying attention to the music anymore, everyone around them was just forming a small circle as they watched the unexpected sex show. It was kind of like Tessa's locker room fantasy, and she briefly wondered if any of the guys in the crowd would want to join in. A few phones had been pulled out and the lights from their camera's were flashing around them. Chester had the presence of mind to quickly pull his shirt up and over his nose, so only his eyes were visible and his identity was just about protected. Tessa really didn't care too much about being seen, but she did reach down and grab her ankles so Chester could hit from the best possible angles, and that had the unintended consequence of hiding her a little bit.
'Oh fuck!' Tessa felt Chester quickly pull his dick out of her, and she turned to see him panickily stuffing his erection back into his jeans which looked very painful.
'Oh, shit...' She then saw too what had made him stop, and she stared forlornly at the three burly security guards who were shoving their way through the crowd towards them. The onlookers parted and in an instant Tessa and Chester had been roughly grabbed and turned on their heels as they were lead towards the tent's exit. Finally, the game was up.
*****
'Please, my arm, you're really hurting it...'
'Shut up.'
'But, you're hurting me! And my clothes are back there, somewhere, and --'
'I said, shut up.'
Tessa grimaced as she was yanked out of the tent and into the middle of the open field, and the wind chill immediately made her skin erupt with goosebumps. The huge, unattractive security woman who was puling her along with an iron grip clearly despised her and her exhibitionist antics, and wasn't at all concerned about parading the naked student through the festival. So she gave Tessa no opportunity to cover up, no matter how much she wriggled and begged. Tessa tried to use her free arm to hold her boobs as she stumbled blindly over the muddy field, but it wasn't easy as she kept slipping and sliding through the quagmire. The main stage had closed up about an hour earlier and so there was nothing to distract the thousands of people who were still hanging around drinking and smoking as they watched Tessa get dragged past them. It should have been the most humiliating and degrading experience imaginable, but in Tessa's twisted world it was the most incredibly erotic and exciting moment of her life.
Chester was taken straight to the main gate, where they ripped up his ticket and unceremoniously chucked him out. Tessa dejectedly watched him disappear from view as she was pulled away towards the security center instead, which was just a gazebo attached to a couple of portacabins. The large woman led her inside and then shoved her into a small empty room, and slammed the door shut. Tessa nervously shivered in the corner, rubbing her shoulders for warmth as the adrenaline from the tent began to wear off and she started to tremble. After a few minutes of waiting the door swung open and a tall tired looking woman, wearing a suit and carrying a clipboard, walked into the room and disapprovingly looked Tessa up and down.
'Ok... wow. Right I'm Janet, head of security at the festival, and you are?'
Tessa timidly looked up to make eye contact, and quivered slightly when she saw the cold hard stare which was gazing unflinchingly back at her.
'Umm... it's Jasmine.'
Janet looked up from her clipboard and ran her eyes across Tessa's body again, shaking her head wearily as she did so.
'Jasmine..?'
'Jasmine Connolly.'
Alarmingly Janet appeared to note this down.
'Ok then... Well, Jasmine, we normally get a few flashers and whatnot each year, but this is a first, I must say...' She gestured at Tessa's body with her pencil, and Tessa blushed and readjusted her grip to make sure that neither of her nipples were poking out from behind her arm.
'I'm so sorry ma'am, I just...' She ran out of words though, because honestly what excuse would she even try to give? Janet raised an eyebrow as she waited for her to finish the sentence, but when nothing more came out she just sighed and took over instead.
'You been drinking tonight?'
Tessa nodded. 'A bit, not to excess though...'
Janet snorted as she cocked her head sarcastically at the naked girl cowering in the corner of the room, clearly she thought that answer was nonsense.
'Ha, sure... and are you on any substances?'
Tessa frowned.
'What? No.'
'You sure? Not taken any pills, snorted any powders?'
'No!'
Again Janet noted this down, then tapped on her teeth with her pencil as she deliberated. Tessa anxiously scanned her face for any clues or insights, and wondered when she'd be allowed to get something to wear. After a pause Janet put down the clipboard and walked over to Tessa, standing over her with her hands placed sternly on her hips.
'If you say so... ok right, listen up, we're super busy tonight and we don't really have time to deal with your bullshit right now. I'm sure some of the stewards would enjoy it if we called the police and let them deal with you, but I doubt they'll be interested in coming out here either. So I'm just going to let you go, ok?'
Tessa sighed in relief, she really had thought for a moment there that she might get arrested.
'Oh God thank you, thank you so much.'
Janet raised a finger in warning.
'Hold on though, if you ever pull anything like this again, it might not be me who decides what to do with you, and then you'll be screwed. So no more of this nonsense, got it? No more flashing, or stripping, and definitely no more fucking in the middle of the dance hall, for Christ's sake.'
Tessa hung her head in shame.
'No, I understand. I won't, I promise.'
'Ok, you better not.' Janet turned to walk out of the room but Tessa called out for her to wait, as she squirmed uncomfortably and nodded down apologetically at her body.
'Also sorry, ma'am, but is there any way I could have some clothes, please? Mine are still in the tent, somewhere, I think...'
Janet rolled her eyes, she'd never met anyone quite this mental before.
'Let me go and have a look in lost property.' She reappeared a couple of minutes later with a hoodie and a pair of men's basketball shorts, both of witch were way too big and stank of alcohol.
'Here, there wasn't much choice but this should be enough to get you home. Speaking of which, will you be able to get back ok? I'm assuming you don't have a phone on you...'
Tessa forgot about her modesty as she raised her hands to gratefully take the clothing from Janet, and hurriedly started to pull it on.
'Umm yeah, my friend is waiting for me outside the gate, I'll go back with him.'
Janet yawned.
'Oh what, the guy you were screwing?'
'Err. Yes, him.' Tessa pulled up the oversized shorts and tied the cord incredibly tightly so they wouldn't just fall straight back down.
Janet took off her glasses and rubbed her eyes.
'I see... right, I'll walk you to the exit, to make sure you actually leave, and then I never want to see your face here, ever again, ok?'
Tessa nodded.
'Yes, ok. Understood.'
'Come on then, let's go.'
Tessa followed Janet as they trudged back through the mud and was shown back out through the main gates, and sure enough waiting outside was a worried looking Chester. He puffed out his cheeks in relief when he saw her, and ran over to give her a hug.
'Oh thank God, I was starting to get nervous. I thought they were going to call the police on you or something.'
Tessa tiptoed and gave him a kiss on the lips, then took his hand and led him away, back towards the station.
'Nah, they said they couldn't be bothered to call them, so that was lucky. You've still got everything in the bag, right?'
Chester patted the rucksack which was on his back.
'Yeah, still got your phone and everything, and there's a train in twenty minutes if we hurry. Oh sorry, I get what you mean, do you want your clothes now?'
'Maybe, when we get to the station. For now though...' Tessa glanced behind her, and checked that they were far enough away from the security guards so that they couldn't be seen anymore. She let go of Chester's hand and grinned.
'First let me get out of these disgusting sweaty hand me downs...' For the third time that day she whipped off her shirt and shoved down her shorts, and once again stood proudly dressed only in her wellington boots.
Chester just shook his head in disbelief as he eyed her up and down.
'You're unbelievable you know that?'
Tessa just laughed and started down the well lit path, twirling around carefreely as the moonlight beamed of her skin.
'Thanks. Now come on, or we'll miss that train...'
*****
The trip home was relatively straightforward, by Tessa's odd standards. She'd made it all the way back to the station without getting dressed, even though they did encounter a few other festival goers on their way back, none of whom seemed to have any real issue with her nudity. The platform was pretty packed when they arrived and so Tessa reluctantly put on some clothes, but even though the train back was still quite busy that didn't stop Tessa giving Chester a sneaky handjob under his shirt as she lay across his lap to keep his boner hidden. She bowed her head and took him in her mouth as she felt his dick start to spasm, and this time she managed not to spill a drop as he finished. They were both too drunk to drive so they got a taxi home, and spent the trip back making out as Chester fingered Tessa under her skirt, and she was so turned on by the whole night that she actually came right there in the back seat.
They both stripped naked when they got back to Chester's room but immediately fell asleep in each other's arms, the alcohol which had been fueling them all night had finally worn off and they were absolutely exhausted. Chester had to leave early the next day as his family were off to see his grandparents, so Tessa amused herself by role playing as Jasmine as she said good morning to his parents who made some coffee for her as they asked how the festival had been. Chester leant her a jumper for the walk home, and she only remembered to take off her wig as she walked up her driveway. Her parents were in the kitchen when she got back and she said hi, and made up some fake tale of how she'd stayed over at Mya's for the night, then she went up to her room and flopped back onto the bed. She'd only been lying there for a brief moment when her door was kicked open and a furious looking Jasmine burst inside, and thrust her phone at her sister's face.
'What. The. Fuck?'
In her hand was a freezeframe from a video that had been circulating around on social media, which clearly showed a very naked "Jasmine" getting fucked from behind in the middle of the festival crowd. Tessa peered with genuine interest at the screen, she'd never actually seen a picture of her having sex before, and it was a strange thing to see yourself doing from a third person point of view. Meanwhile Jasmine continued to scream at her.
'You went to the festival in my place and pretended to me? And then did this? With fucking Chester?'
Tessa just smiled pleasantly and relaxed back onto her pillows.
'So I'm guessing that you've figured it out by now but yes, I found out about you and Patrick. And then I told Chester. And then we decided to have some fun of our own, for some sweet, sweet revenge...'
'I... I... you-'
Jasmine couldn't even bring herself to say another word she was so shocked and angry, so she just slammed the door shut and stormed off, wondering how the hell she was meant to ever begin to live this scandal down. Tessa rolled back over on her bed and laughed to herself, she knew she should probably feel bad for tricking and then humiliating her sister like that, but she just didn't, she felt absolutely on top of the world.
*****
The next day Tessa headed over to Chester's again, disguised of course as his parents still thought that he and Jaz were still dating. At the door she was greeted by Chester's father David.
'Oh, hello Dave, how are you?'
'Not bad thanks Jasmine, I assume you're hear to see Chester?'
She was indeed, so she kicked off her sandals as David let her inside and lay them on the shoe rack, then slipped past him and trotted upstairs. As she walked down the landing she tugged off her wig and glasses, then whipped up her sundress over her head and bundled everything into a ball. She then quickly stuffed the handful of clothing and disguises into the laundry basket in the upstairs bathroom, before arriving at Chester's bedroom. Given that the dress had been the only thing she'd worn on the drive over Chester was delighted to respond to the knock on his door by opening it to find a completely naked Tessa beaming up at him.
'Holy shit! Umm, hi.'
'Hello to you too.' Tessa jumped up into his open arms and gave him a long hungry kiss.
'Wait, hold on,' Chester broke away and looked at her suspiciously, 'you didn't arrive like that right? Like, where are your clothes? Isn't my dad downstairs?'
Tessa just giggled at his obvious confusion and ignored his questions as she jumped down from his grasp and pushed him back playfully onto the bed.
'Just shut up and take off your trousers.'
Half an hour later the pair collapsed back onto the sheets, breathing heavily for a few moments before they looked over at each other and started to laugh. Tessa reached out and patted Chester's thigh in a congratulatory fashion.
'Ok, wow, that was definitely better sex than at the festival, holy shit.'
Chester in turn lazily started to trace his fingertip around Tessa's right nipple.
'Definitely... not being drunk helped, and you know, not having to perform infront of hundreds of people.'
Tessa laughed at that.
'I don't know, I think having a few voyeurs watching on would be the only thing that would have improved it, to be honest.'
Chester pinched her butt and made her giggle again.
'Yeah ok you little show off, relax. Hey, are you hungry?'
'No, I am thirsty though.' Tessa looked down ruefully at her belly which was covered in Chester's cum after he'd pulled out at the last second and finished on her stomach. 'I told you, I like swallowing, and then there's less mess.'
Chester went to a pile of washing and got a small towel, then sat next to her as he mopped her down.
'Sorry, I didn't have time to choose where to aim. If you need a drink though there's some beers in the fridge, I think.'
Tessa waited until he was done and then used her little finger to clean out her bellybutton, and licked it clean.
'Ok, don't worry I'll go get them.' She stiffly eased herself up and stretched her arms over her head, then brushed her tousled hair from her eyes. Chester scooped up his discarded shirt from the floor and offered it to her.
'This should be big enough for you, if you want.'
Tessa just laughed mockingly at him as she looked down at the top with scorn.
'Aww Chester, you're cute sometimes.' With that she got up and walked straight out of the door, not bothering to put on a stitch of clothing as she headed down to the kitchen.
'Wait, you do know...'
Chester's concerned voice quickly faded from earshot as Tessa tiptoed downstairs and crept up to the open door of Chester's father's office, who was sitting facing away from her as he typed at a laptop. She amused herself by standing in the doorway for a few moments with her arms pressed out wide against the wooden frame, and wondered what on earth David would say if he turned around right now and saw her like this. After staying as long as she dared she turned back to the corridor and skuttled along to the kitchen, hoping that none of Chester's sisters were home either. Luckily if they were they were nowhere to be seen, so Tessa found a six pack in the fridge and tucked it under her arm, then nipped back upstairs without being detected and strutted smugly back into Chester's room.
'Your dad says hi.'
Chester had put on some boxers and was sitting at his desk chair scrolling through his phone, and his face instantly turned white as a sheet as he took in what she'd said.
'Wait, what -'
Tessa giggled as she tossed him a can and lowered herself onto his lap, wiggling her butt against his crotch as she made herself comfortable.
'Just kidding, I managed to get past him unseen. I'm basically like a ninja when I'm naked.'
Chester laughed in relief and wrapped his arm around her bare waist, giving her a squeeze.
'Oh thank God. Jesus you scared me there, I don't know how I'd have tried to explain that to him!'
The pair chuckled and chatted for a while as they rehydrated, but soon Tessa's mind turned back to other things.
'So,' she reached over and fed her hand into Chester's underwear and held his limply hanging cock, absentmindedly moving it from side to side and then giving it a couple of playful tugs to see how it was doing. 'Is he ready for round two yet?'
'Err...' Chester looked down at his dick which stubbornly remained completely flaccid, and showed no signs of life at all. 'I don't think he's fully recharged yet... maybe he needs some more stimulus.'
'Well, that shouldn't be a problem.' Tessa sniggered as she walked back to the bed and launched herself onto the covers, bouncing a couple of times before she flipped over onto her back and bent her knees up as far as they would go. With her arsehole now gaping wide at Chester she licked her middle finger and then carefully slid it into her butt, then began to gently finger herself.
'So, Chester,' she said, gazing intently into his eyes as she played the most scandalous and tantalising part of her body, 'did Jaz ever let you try anal?'
Chester leapt up from his chair and stroked his magically rejuvenated and quickly hardening dick, as he excitedly jumped onto the duvet and shuffled on his knees towards her.
'You know what? No, she never did...'
'Well then, I think... ohhh, oh yeah...oh wow...'
As Chester spat a mouthful of saliva onto her butthole and then slowly eased himself inside her Tessa's eyes rolled to the back of her head and she began to moan, as she ticked another fantasy off her rapidly shortening bucket list.
*****
Tessa ended up staying the night again, and in the morning she roused Chester by stealthily kissing his flaccid dick until it hardened enough to prod him awake. That prompted another couple of rounds in the sheets, but eventually Tessa had to call it quits and head home. Chester bet her that she couldn't make it all the way back completely naked, so after retrieving her hidden clothing from the bathroom Tessa let him sneak her downstairs and into the hallway, as she nervously clutched her sundress in her hand. Chester's parents were chatting in the kitchen and so Tessa had to streak past the doorway before they looked up, but she just about got away with it. Chester lead her into the garden and out the back gate, then they jogged back round to the front of the house and stood on the edge of his street.
'Bye!' Tessa giggled as Chester gave her one last squeeze on her butt, then she broke away and quickly dived into her car. Again her shortness became an advantage as she scooted down in her seat to hide her body below the windscreen, but still anyone walking past on the pavement or looking down from a taller vehicle would be able to see that she wasn't wearing a thing. Despite the risks she never even considered putting on the dress that lay next to her in the passenger's seat, and so she pulled out and began the twenty minute drive back home.
After a nervous but exhilarating journey she pulled up onto the driveway and breathed a sigh of relief, then quickly took a full body selfie to send to Chester as proof that she'd completed the dare. With that done she finally pulled on her clothing, and realised that overall she'd spent almost exactly twelve hours straight naked. She rang the doorbell, as wearing only a summer dress meant she hadn't had room for keys, and hummed cheerfully to herself as she waited. Her mum opened the door to let her in, but to Tessa's genuine surprise her face was contorted with anger.
'There you are. What the hell were you thinking?'
Tessa was taken aback by this unexpected hostility.
'Sorry what?'
'Don't play dumb with me Tessa!'
'Mum, seriously, what's wrong?'
Her mother just looked at her with complete disgust.
'Fine, since you're going to lie to my face, how do you explain this?'
She led Tessa into the living room, where her dad was sitting on the sofa, and alarmingly he also looked absolutely pissed. On the coffee table was a laptop, and Tessa was made to sit down infront of it. The screen showed the website of their town's local newspaper, and on the home page was the main story of the day, titled 'Local Daredevil Streaks Charity Football Match'. There was a video attached to the article, and Tessa's mum scrolled straight down to it and pressed play, opening it in full screen mode just for good measure. The footage was shakily filmed and clearly captured on someone's smartphone, and at first it just showed the amateur football game that was played every year in the town's main park, and which raised money for the local hospital. It was mainly just a bunch of dads kicking a ball around, but then the camera panned round to focus on a member of the crowd.
'Oh my God...' Tessa cursed quietly under her breath as she instantly recognised the young woman that everyone's attention was quickly being drawn to, because it was... well, her. Obviously it wasn't, it was actually Jasmine who was causing the quiet murmurings of surprise, as she pushed her way through the spectators until she was right at the front, standing on the edge of the pitch. But she'd clearly taken inspiration from her sister's disguise idea, because from somewhere she'd found a brown wig that matched Tessa's hair perfectly, and even stolen one of her university's jumpers from her closet, as well as ditching the nose ring. Again, they were very small changes, but the overall effect was incredibly convincing, and Tessa understood why everyone would think the woman in the video was in fact her.
'What the...' Tessa watched on in horror as Jasmine reached down and unbuckled the pair of jeans that she'd stolen, shoving them down past her knees and hopping awkwardly as she got them over her trainers. Her bare legs brought a couple of wolf whistles and amused chuckles from the locals around her, who could see where this was going. The oversized jumper had kept Jasmine just about decent up until that point, but that instantly changed as she pulled off her top and revealed to the stunned crowd that she didn't have a single thing on underneath. The video itself had been censored as two black rectangles instantly appeared to cover her tits and pussy, and Tessa wondered how much fun that had been for the lucky editor who was given that task, but even so it was clear from Jasmine's bare shoulders and the reactions of those around her that she was totally nude.
'Woohoo!' Without any signs of embarrassment or regret Tessa's twin set off onto the grass, holding her two items of clothing out wide as she ran completely naked across the pitch. The censorship bares had to grow wider as her boobs flew around as she sprinted past the stunned footballers, and they all silently came to a stop as they ignored the game and just turned to watch Jasmine streak past. The referee had a huge grin on his face as he watched her go, and the large crowd cheered and applauded the unexpected streaker. Once Jasmine had crossed the full width of the pitch she bashfully held her top and jeans infront of her body as she waded her way through the crowd, who slowly parted to let her through. She then ran off again deeper into the park, presumably to find somewhere a little more secluded to get redressed, and everyone happily watched her bare cheeks jiggle off into the distance.
'Jesus...' Tessa was blown away. Fair fucking play though, she'd expected some sort of revenge from Jasmine for the festival eventually, but she'd never thought in a million years that Jaz would have the balls to pull off something like this. She'd well and truly been played by her sister, and she didn't even know if she was allowed to be that annoyed by it, an eye for an eye and all that. Overall she was just pretty impressed, and to be honest a little bit jealous. She'd now have to deal with the repercussions of this naked dare, without even getting the thrill of doing it in the first place! Under the video was the main article of the news story, and this did make Tessa's heart drop.
"Sunday's bumper crowd was shocked to see a surprise streaker running across the pitch midway through the first half. Nearly one thousand spectators, a new record for the yearly event, were left stunned as the local woman, understood to be university student Tessa Connolly, took off her clothes and provided quite the distraction for both the referees and the players. The local police department have said that they are aware of the event but won't be investigating or looking to press charges, as technically public nudity in the UK isn't a criminal offence. A spokesperson actually said that the harmless prank might have been good for the charity match, as it provided more free publicity for the event than ever before!"
Tessa was spared from the rest of the article as her mother angrily slammed the laptop shut, then turned to glare accusingly at her daughter.
'So, again Tessa, what the hell were you thinking?'
Her father joined in too, finally breaking his stony silence.
'They actually identify you in the article for God's sake, how could you be so stupid? Do you know what this does for your reputation, what it means for the family name? Who owns this video, what if they post an uncensored version online?'
'Seriously Tessa, why would you ever do something like this, were you on drugs or something?'
'Err...' The problem was that Tessa had no way of pleading her innocence. She did technically have a watertight alibi, she'd actually been busy in Chester's bed when all of this had been going on. Unfortunately it felt a little ambitious to try and claim that the streaker had in fact been Jasmine in disguise, and that Tessa had been fully occupied by innocently cosplaying as her sister and fucking Jaz's ex-boyfriend.
'So... I... basically, what happened was...'
So instead Tessa tried to think of a semi plausible explanation, warily citing some weird university society initiation as her flimsy excuse, and even though her explanation was obviously ludicrous it was still somehow more believable than the truth. As she fabricated her story on the fly she was distracted by a movement in the hallway. She glanced up and looked past her incredulous parents to see Jasmine standing by the living room doorway, watching her squirm. She didn't smile, or sneer, or appear to be gloating at all, instead she just silently and emotionlessly gazed at Tessa for a few moments, who could only look back in defeat. They still hadn't spoken since Tessa had got back after the festival, and it seemed that Jasmine had decided that actions speak louder than words, and had taken inspiration from her sister's disguise in order to get her own revenge.
Well then, thought Tessa, as she watched her sister silently slip back out of view. It seemed that the two sisters were now at war... and you know what? May the best twin win.
The End..?
*****
I hope you enjoyed this sillier type of story, if there's enough demand I might bring Tess and Jaz back for a sequel, so let me know if you have any ideas for what the girls could get up to next!