We shared. If there is any magic in the world it's that two separate beings with two entirely separate inner worlds can understand each other, agree on things that are happening in the physical world. We have been so blessed to have accomplished this.
That day had been so exhaustive on all levels that we ended up sleeping early and getting up early the next morning. Neither of us had to work or go to school so we lazed around and read for a while and then went for a bike ride to the beach. We were to meet Pete for his lunch hour and then see what the three of us might have for dinner.
I had not thought of Pete in the morning- other than a quick thought that he might think less of me or Ally due to the day before. I hadn't realized while I showered she had spoken to him over a cup of coffee while he was eating breakfast. After a short discussion between the two of us while we ate breakfast we decided it would be good to keep everything out in the open on our home front. If we shut Pete out when he's got a lot to process he's going to go somewhere else to try to work it out. He's only human. We didn't want to have half the world knowing that my girlfriend and I were not going down the straight and narrow. That my girlfriend was such a whore. Even with the sexual revolution in full swing there was plenty of push back and shaming.
As we biked I was behind Ally and was enjoying the look of her ass sliding back and forth on the bike seat as she peddled. I made a mental joke of her peddling her ass thinking of her times at Naturals. It made me think about outside Naturals and if that was something that Ally would think of to expand her "experiences" in the future. I wasn't ready for that. Didn't think I ever would be. We'd need to talk some more. This whole thing was opening up so many more doors than I was ready for. Scary, exciting stuff.
I almost peddled right in front of a car that Ally had stopped for. She had stopped and rather than wait behind as I normally would or at least look to see why she had stopped I just swerved around her and just about biked into traffic. She yelled and threw out her hand and grabbed at me as I went by at the same time the upcoming car honked and slammed on its brakes. I got an earful from the driver as he continued on and Ally looked at me like I was crazy. "What were you thinking?" She asked from her bike.
"Nothing, or maybe everything. I don't know. I wasn't here for a moment." I sheepishly replied.
"Well you almost weren't here for good." she said as she hopped back on her bike and crossed the now empty street. "Get your head back on your bike." She admonished me. I knew that was good advice so went along behind but still couldn't help but glance regularly at her ass. It's pretty amazing that something I knew intimately- touch, feel, taste, and look- still held interest to me after three years with all the things to see in the world around me. I was hopeless when it came to my girl.
We planned to meet Pete at a deli about two blocks from where he worked. There was an outdoor seating area loosely attached to three different eating establishments in a strip where you could take the food from any of them to a table so your party could mix and match whatever type of food they were in the mood for. We arrived a little early and secured a table with a couple of soft drinks while we waited.
As we chatted Ally suddenly perked up. Looking in the direction she was I noticed one of the girls from Naturals, Roxy, sitting by herself across the seating area. Ally got up and went over to her. She said something on her approach and Roxy immediately jumped to her feet and hugged Ally. They chatted for a moment, Ally pointed my way, and then Roxy gathered her things and the two of them headed back toward me.
Roxy was a tall lanky blonde. Her stage name was Layla. I thought for the first few months I had known her that Roxy was her stage name at Naturals as it sounded so...so stripper like. Since I didn't go inside any longer I had met her when I was with Ally at a party that she had learned about from her friends at Naturals. I learned she went as Layla while at work during a discussion there.
As the girls approached I stood up to greet them. I was surprised when Roxy took me into a full body hug and kissed my cheek. We had only met two or three times before just for a moment. I was duly surprised to feel her body was more shapely than I had thought. She did 'dress down' outside Naturals like most of the girls but due to her height I had never really noticed she had some curves on her.
We had barely gotten our hellos done when Pete showed up. He was surprised to see me with two ladies at the table but I could tell by his grin he was more than happy for it. "Hello ladies. What are you two fine women doing with this beach bum here? Shall I send him on his way?" Pete opened up with.
"Ha Ha" I replied before making introductions between Roxy and Pete. Pete had hugged Ally and then shook Roxy's hand. I could tell by his eye contact he was very impressed with her. When he glanced my way a bit later his facial expression was full of questions.
Before things got too uncomfortable for me I decided to take things in my control. "How about Pete and I go and order the food? What will everyone be eating?" While the girls looked at the menus I gave Pete a look and jerked my head toward the line so he would know I was wanting to talk to him while we did our ordering and waiting for food. He gave a slight nod of understanding.
You know the saying about the 'best laid plans?' The three of us, Pete, Ally and I, wanted Mexican food. Roxy was going for Chinese. Pete did the gallant thing and said he'd order and wait for hers. I was to order ours. Unfortunately the Mexican place was at one end of the strip and the Chinese was at the other. We didn't have much time standing together. As soon as Pete came over to me after ordering, my chance to order came and as soon as I ordered, his was announced as ready. He left Roxy's at the table and came to help me with the other three. The girls were able to talk the whole time. We didn't get but a couple of sentences in. All I was able to tell him was, yes, she did work at Naturals and that's where Ally had met her. I managed to tell him I'd not seen her there. He was so dumbfounded that I hadn't gone inside every time Ally danced at Naturals I was never able to tell him any more. Question after question whispered because we were surrounded by people getting their food as well.
After getting back to the table and handing out the food we all dug in. Just a couple of bites later I almost sent part of my burrito up my nose as Roxy said, "So, I hear the three of you are getting better acquainted at home."
As I choked back my food I looked over at Ally who also had food coming out of her mouth and onto her plate. "Roxy!" she stage whispered when she was able to breathe again. Roxy smiled the cat ate the canary smile as she daintily took a bite of noodles.
"Have you two been talking the last couple of days?" I asked accusingly, looking daggers at Ally. "Was this arranged?"
"No!, no, no!" Roxy said suddenly abashed at our reaction. "Honest, I just happened to be here today. I haven't seen or talked to Ally since... Well, since the last time we worked together. What was that? Two, three weeks ago?" She turned to Ally obviously trying to cool things off.
I looked Pete's way and saw red on his neck and around his ears from his embarrassment still showing. He was looking away like he was thinking, 'what have I gotten myself into now?'
"Maybe we should take a short walk after we are done eating?" I suggested in the silence that followed. "You know, good for digestion and all? Just a short one, Pete still has to go back to work." This met with agreement all the way around and so with little more said other than trivial things we finished up and started walking toward a less crowded area.
As soon as the four of us were more alone Roxy said, "I'm sorry if I upset all of you. Ally and I were just talking about your time together and I thought it was great. I thought everything was worked out and even between all of you."
After a few more steps in silence Ally said, "I think it is all even between us. But it's still so new, since just last night, we haven't had the chance to mull it over and see how Pete is feeling about it. That was one reason we were meeting for lunch."
Roxy stopped right there and held her hand to her mouth. "Oh! I'm so sorry! I had no idea! I thought you three had become a trio long before. Since I had just met Pete I thought Ally was just explaining the dynamics of your household."
"Well, we didn't have a lot of time before the food was back! I had just told you that one thing...and there it was!" Ally was not giving her friend a lot of slack on this I could see.
"Before we get much further," I butted in, "All Pete knows about Roxy is she also works at Naturals and I've never seen her working. Talking about this stuff when you are in a big crowd is not easy." I gave Ally a look to, hopefully, give her friend a little slack. "And one of the reasons we were meeting for lunch after what we did last night is so we could include Pete and he wouldn't feel like a third wheel. I don't think that is working right now." I turned to Pete who, right on time, blushed up his neck and into his face. "Sorry to put you on the spot man, but this is where we are. You are my best bud. I don't want to leave you out." There was a big pause and then I added, "Obviously."
There was a dead pause and then we all laughed and it seemed to clear the air. We walked for another block or so and mostly listened to the girls talk about their work schedule. When Pete heard Roxy was on in two nights he slyly mentioned he just might be in the area that night and just might drop by. Roxy leaned toward him and ran her nails lightly down his arm as she seductively said, "Well then. I might JUST have to give you a special lap dance if you happen to be in the area."
We all laughed at that.
Shortly after that Roxy said she needed to leave and Pete needed to get back to work. We were nearer Pete's work so he peeled off and we made plans to talk at home that night. Roxy left as soon as we got back to the parking lot near the food stands. Ally and I unlocked our bikes but decided to walk them a bit so we could talk further.
"I'm sorry it turned out that way," She began.
"Don't worry about it. I can see how it happened in that crowd. Pete and I didn't want evesdroppers in on our conversation either and it was hard to say anything. I never got past telling him I didn't come inside when you danced at Naturals. He thought I was crazy. And that I had never seen Roxy in the nude when I had more than one chance to? And that I wasn't there to keep an eye on you? After the lap dance last night, it's making me wonder at myself." I said with a chagrin.
"Honey, you know you are welcome to come in any time I'm dancing there," Ally began, "and I have tried to be as open as possible about what I do and what goes on but any time you..."
I held up my free hand to stop her and said, "I trust you Ally. It's not that. It's more of how fast you seem to pick up things and go with them, talk about them. I am a little amazed that in the couple minutes that you talked to Roxy the subject of 'the three of us' came up so quickly." Seeing the look on her face and that Ally was about to say something I quickly said, "I understand she just met Pete and you wanted to explain something about him to give her context, but that? Right off the bat?" I gave her a grin and scrunched my brows that said 'Really?
Like the little girl I imagine she was once in a while she looked down and gave a pout. "Well we didn't have a lot of time."
"Yeah, but did you tell her how long we've known each other? That you knew him before me? Or where he works? What else he likes other than sex?" I continued. "There is a lot more to Pete than his dick." I was feeling a little self righteous and then noticed. It wasn't a feeling I wanted to continue. It was not a good feeling at its core. Only my ego was happy. "I'm sorry too honey. I was just so blindsided." After a minute I stopped so Ally would stop. She did. I looked right at her and said, "I really do love the way you sort of stick your lower lip out when you are pouting though. It's cute as hell."
I had to run away and jump on my bike as she hit me on the shoulder and was going to keep slapping me in a teasing way as we both grinned and laughed.
As it turned out when we got home there was a message for Ally on the machine that required her to go to her house due to some family thing.
That left me and Pete alone that night. I knew it was up to me to somehow relate to Pete that it was OK for him to get blowjobs from my girlfriend, not exactly something you can find a Miss Manners suggestion for handling. And that most likely he'd be finding his dick inside her tight vigina at some future point. And I was OK with it. Was I? Intellectually I was on board. My inner feelings though? All my cultural upbringing was saying Ally was just a whore who couldn't keep her legs together for more than one person. Women didn't get to do that. Only men. That didn't sit well with me because I definitely believed women were people. Human beings that had full lives, experienced themselves in ways that were unique to themselves regardless of their sex. And I also believed Ally did love me and was in this with me for the long haul, not just a few months or years but a lifetime.
As she said to me at one time, "Look at me now. Look at yourself. Our bodies are solid, tight, and in good shape. We'll not be like this forever. Look around at all the old wrinkly people we see every day on the streets. They were like this too at one time. Don't you think that while we have this time, that our bodies are tuned to their best, we should enjoy it to its fullest? In a few decades we'll look back with either happiness at what we accomplished or regret at what we didn't. But this is not a thing we can turn back ever. I already look back and see there are things I wish I would have not done, but there they are. I still learned from them. But the things I didn't do? No learning, just regret." Even at this age I got that. There were already both for me too. While I had a chance to do something I wanted to do it, not regret that I just let it go. If I was wrong, hopefully, I'd live through it and learn from it.
So I rolled up a joint with Pete and we discussed what we had done the night before and where things might go from here. When I told him I was pretty sure Ally would want to fuck him sometime in the near future there was a look on his face I had never seen before. He was trying so, so hard to not smile. It looked to me like he wanted to dance. Strangely I felt a little better about the idea. Seeing how my good good friend was joyful already-at just the thought of fucking her made me feel happy for him.
I told him the way that Ally and I feel about each other and the journey we were headed on and why he was a part of it. It really helped once I was able to get across what I understood about looking back with regret or learning. It helped an awful lot that we had known each other for years, even as kids, in the neighborhood we grew up in. We were able to look back already to things we both had learned from and things we had regrets about. At this stage in life we both had much, much more learning times than regrets. We had some good laughs about some of our learning experiences.
"God, I was so stupid to think I could go down that hill on a skateboard with clay wheels! What was I thinking? You hit a small rock and the thing skids to a stop on a dime! Yeah,sure, there's no rocks in the street! After that fall my shirt stuck to the raspberries all over my back and shoulders for a week! I even had to peel away my sheets every morning!"
We had both been there for that learning experience.
"You looked so cool ripping down the road and then, whoa! You were sliding on your shoulder and then flipped onto your back! There was shirt and blood in the street for days after!" We were laughing to tears.
As the night progressed we dove into the Wild Turkey and pretty soon had the music up and the TV without sound turned on. I had the next day off and Pete didn't go in until later in the morning to his work so we figured we could stay up a little later than normal. Of course being in our twenties we hadn't even eaten anything before we started our private party and were feeling no pain when the side door opened and Ally walked in.
I was surprised, happy, drunk, and my excitement level was way up enough that, from the standing position I was already in, I actually jumped for joy. "Alleee!" I exclaimed.
I ran over to her and swept her off her feet and twirled her around, kissing her all over her face.
She laughed and as I put her back on her feet smiling she said, "Well, someone's had a bit to drink." Looking over at Pete and back to me she asked, "Did either of you have anything to eat?"
Slightly chagrined, we both looked down for a moment and I said, "No, but we did have a good talk!" My excitement couldn't be contained. I was so happy to see her. And see her I could. She was wearing one of my favorite blouses. It was tight and stretchy enough to show her breasts were a bit big for her body by hugging her flat stomach as well as actually hugging under her breasts instead of making a tent as most blouses did. Her skirt was short and flared out around her thighs. Tennis shoes and white socks. Very much the coed she was. Although I'd bet the skirt didn't look that short when she'd left her parents. She had shown me how girls could fold up their skirts at the waist to make them shorter if they wanted to show off. And since her times at Naturals she was much more the show off then when I'd first met her. Much more comfortable in the marvelous body she had.
I noticed Ally looking over my shoulder and turned to look at Pete across the room behind me. He was red in the face again. Just looking at Ally now got him embarrassed. She looked back at me. "Just what did you tell him?" She looked at me curiously but accusingly too.
"I told him what we talked about. That he would be included." I then grinned, picked her up by reaching under her skirt to her ass and pulling her toward me as I turned her back to Pete and showed him her butt. "And I said you would want to fuck him!" I whispered to her.
"Put me down!" Ally demanded. I dropped her to her feet immediately. "I'm not some piece of meat that you are going to both fuck whenever you want! This is not how we are going to do this!"
I was shocked. Because of my drunkenness I wasn't able to say anything for a moment. Pete immediately went and turned the music down. Both of us were staring at Ally with wide eyes not sure of what to say or do. She just stared angrily at me.
I finally found my voice and said, "That's not what I met! That's not the way I said it to Pete!" I was quickly losing my high and searching frantically for the right words. "I didn't mean to imply that in any way!" I implored.
"No?" Ally stared into my eyes. "You just pick me up by pulling up my skirt and showing my ass to your roommate and saying I want to fuck him? What is that implying? That we are going to have dinner?"
I was so relieved when Pete stepped in at this point and said, "Hey Ally? He didn't say it that way at all when we talked. As for what happened just now..." He didn't say anything for a long time but then sheepishly got out, "Maybe we should have some sort of dinner."
This defused the situation enough that we did go through the motions of making something out of the leftovers in the refrigerator. I asked Ally if she was going to stay the night and after she said, "If you stop acting like an ass." I made her a drink as well. She wasn't really a pot smoker but never gave me any grief over my indulgence.
By the time Pete and I had something in our stomach Ally had had a couple of drinks and things were back to as normal as they got at our house. We went back into the living room and Ally quizzed us on what we had said before she arrived. I could tell she was surprised at what our conversation had been like.
She looked at me with the first big smile of the night and teasingly said, "Maybe you are learning something after all!" And then she rubbed the top of my head like I was a little boy.
"I'll show you what I've learned!" I came at her with a grin.
We were all sitting on the sofa with Ally in the middle so when I tackled her she ended up with her head near Pete. I ignored him and began kissing her deeply. She kissed me right back. After a minute or two Pete said, "Maybe you two should go into your room? Or should I go make more drinks?"
Ally and I both looked up and then sat up. I was grinning and she looked at me and then Pete. "I think Pete is feeling left out. Maybe you should go make us more drinks." She said, looking at me.
I dutifully got up and went into the kitchen with our glasses. I took a glance back at them as I crossed the threshold of the kitchen door and was relieved to see that they hadn't just jumped into each other's arms but were talking quietly.
I didn't think we were going to end up sitting around sipping drinks so I just grabbed three shot glasses and brought in the Wild Turkey for Pete and I and some gold tequila for Ally. As I entered the living room I saw Ally reach up and tenderly pull Pete to her for a kiss. It was more than a peck, but not much more. Again, I was relieved.
As I sat the glasses and the bottles down on the table Ally turned toward me and watched. I was planning on filling the shots and offering them up but as I sat back for a second after arranging the glasses she shot up and wrapped her arms around me and tried her hardest to find my tonsils with her tongue. She pulled back and looked at me.
Her look was of happiness and excitement. I'd last seen this look when we were at the beach one morning and dolphins came into the surf and played.
I remember later telling her she seemed like she'd played a two hour set of tennis with a seeded player-and won!
"What's going on for you? I haven't seen you like this since the dolphins in the surf at La Jolla." I kept my voice low and with the background music on it was just between the two of us.
With a big grin on her face she said, "Well, I'm not sure. If what I think might go on is going on then I'm pretty damn excited." (as she said that she actually jumped up and down a bit) "I never knew how we were going to do this, but I'm living so many of my girlfriends dreams if I'm right. You know what that makes you?" She smiled and pulled me closer. "You are my dream man." She put her arms around my head and pulled me down, kissing me lightly. "And I love being with you." She pulled me in for a deep, long kiss. We hugged and then looked at each other for a moment.
I broke it by looking over at Pete. He had suddenly found some article on the cover of a magazine that was under the coffee table very interesting.
I grinned at Ally and said, "Looks like shots are overdue. It's getting late. It's that late dinner."
She shot back, "Late dinner? I think it was "let's get stoned and drunk and forget about dinner. Good thing I happened along to take care of you."
"Take care of us?" I shot back. "So far I'm the only one taking care of anything here." I had been pouring the shots as our banter had been going on so at that, I held up two shots. Tequila for Ally and Wild Turkey for Pete.
I picked up my own Turkey and was just trying to think of a witty toast when Pete stepped in with a big grin on his face. "To long deep friendships. I'm honored you've decided to take me on this trip with you."
I grinned right back and looked over at Ally. She had tears in her eyes.
"Tears huh? You haven't even taken your shot yet!" I teased.
She threw her head back as she tossed the shot down and then grimest. She took a look at the coffee table where I had put the glasses and bottles. "No lime? No salt?" I thought you said you were taking care of us?"
As she headed into the kitchen I could only laugh. Ally gave as good, or better, than she got. I love that lady.
Pete and I poured more shots as Ally was fetching her sides. When she came back in I held it up to her and she dutifully licked some salt off the plate she had brought in before she put it down. Taking the shot from me she didn't wait for another toast, just slammed it back and reached for a lime. I was surprised but looking over at Pete we both downed ours as well.
Ally is a pretty small girl, five feet four inches, and weighs about one hundred and sixteen pounds. She had had two drinks over about an hour but had now done two shots in about five minutes. Luckily all three of us were happy drunks. Ally tended to get pretty amorous as well. I was certainly playful but by myself I tended to fade in the background and people-watch. Pete would watch as well but was up for participating in some pretty spur-of-the-moment stuff.
Once we had been at a Middle Eastern restaurant that had a belly dancer that took to Pete. After a couple of drinks he got up and danced with her. He had no training, and didn't know what he was doing. She was thrilled. She took one of her sarongs and wrapped it around him and pulled him in tight. The whole place roared with laughter. He was good with it.
Now, after about fifteen minutes of chatting as we looked through music and decided what was to be on the night's playlist, I started noticing Ally giving off signs of intoxication. First was her swaying to the music. It was becoming much more sensual. Lots more hips thrown into her moves. Me, in voyeur mode, was loving it. Pete was just finishing up rolling a joint and had just put the tray away, looking up and seeing Ally swaying sexily to the music as she looked at album covers. Then he looked at me. I smiled.
He rolled his eyes, lit the joint, then came over to me as he took a hit and then handed it off. Ally never stopped dancing but looked our way and gave us a big dimpled smile. She stopped what she was doing and crossed the room. She stood in front of us for a moment as Pete and I shared the joint. When Pete put it out she turned around and sat between us. There wasn't really enough room for her so she was straddling my right leg and Pete's left leg. She sat back and put her arms around both of us.
"So what now guys?" She said looking back and forth between the two of us. She had a twinkle in her eye just teasing the hell out of us as best she could. And she could. Pete immediately reddened. She noticed and laughed lightly. "OK, everybody stand up!" She commanded.
We complied, looking at each other with a 'what's up? I don't know' exchange. She then arranged us in opposite seating positions, still too close together for her to sit properly on the couch when she sat back down on our thighs again. She wiggled her hips as she sat. "There. That's better," She said.
Again, Pete and I exchanged looks to see if either of us knew what was going on. Blank looks were traded. Ally noticed and giggled.
"Here I am sitting between my best friend, the love of my life, and his most trusted friend. And they don't seem to know what to do. Hmmm?" Ally put her finger to her lip as if she was thinking and looked back and forth between us. "I guess only a woman would have noticed that I have a left hanger on my right." At that she reached down to the outside of her right thigh and rubbed her nails along my growing erection. "And a right hanger on my left." I couldn't see but by the reaction of Pete I assumed he was getting the same treatment. Ally giggled again. "I just had to change your positions or it might have been impolite to be reaching across each of you."
As she was saying this she looked straight in front of her as if she was concentrating. Which she probably was, seeing as she had her left hand down to her left side and I knew her right hand had continued to stroke me. My guess was Pete was growing just as I was.
We sat in silence for a bit while Ally's hand was following the growth of my cock down my left leg and I'm sure was doing the same to Pete down his right if the motions of Ally's left arm were an indication. I think we were all pretty much just looking straight ahead or at the ceiling with only glances at Ally from the two of us occasionally. With the top she had on and no bra her breasts were bobbing slightly with her arm movements. She was lightly biting her lower lip in concentration as she fondled us and sometimes closing her eyes completely. When she wasn't biting her lip she was smiling widely, looking very happy.
Suddenly Pete pulled Ally's hand away and stood up backing away with big eyes and a panicked look on his face. "That is just a bit too much!" He laughed, standing up straighter and holding his hand across his crotch. "You might be used to this sort of thing from her but for me..." He looked at me as he said this and shook his head.
I couldn't help but smile and laugh a bit. "Going to make another mess Pete?" I teased.
Ally had been jostled when Pete jumped up and lost her balance falling to her left into the sofa cushion and corner pillow. She smiled impishly as she heard our banter and then sat up pulling the bottles and shot glasses closer.
I was surprised at this since Ally wasn't much of a drinker and even more surprised when she poured herself another tequila, took a lick, shot, and sucked on a wedge of lime. While still sucking on the lime she motioned to me to the Wild Turkey and glasses. I pulled them over and poured shots for me and Pete. Pete stayed standing as he came over and took his shot. I took mine and looked at Ally wondering what else she had coming. She didn't disappoint.
Ally took the pillow from the corner of the sofa and put it on the floor near where Pete had stood up. She took him by the hand leading him back to that spot and dropped to her knees in front of him. As she pulled his shorts down she said, "I think you need to relieve a little pressure here. Let me help." She glanced over her shoulder at me. "You've seen this before. I'm sure it will take just a minute." What I saw on her face was the return of the girl/lady that I had first seen the night of her 21st birthday party. The one I didn't really know.
I knew it was coming. I'd seen it before. She had just told me it was happening again. But still, when she pulled out his cock and put it immediately into her mouth and started to suck like her life depended on drinking his cum I was stunned, hurt, jealous, and turned on all at the same time. I couldn't see well because her back was to me so I got up and went around the coffee table to get a side view.
She was right. He must have needed to "relieve the pressure" because I didn't stand to their side for even a minute when Pete made a grunting noise and Ally started to smile with his cock still in her mouth. Cum leaked out both sides as she smiled and she quickly reached up with both hands and tried to contain it. Some had already got past her hands and dripped onto her blouse. She turned to me and looked like a proud kid who had just shown their parents a physical feat. "Wow, did you see that?" She gushed.
When she said "Wow" cum was still in her mouth and on her lips so as she made her mouth into an O shape to say "wow" cum stuck to both lips strung together for a moment like gum if she were going to blow a bubble. I could see cum that dripped from her upper lip and teeth onto her lower teeth and lips. She quickly ran her tongue around her lips and down her chin as best she could and then swallowed visibly. Turning back to Pete's cock she took it in her left hand and started licking up all the cum she could see on it and what had drooled down into his pubic hair she sucked through with an audible slurp. Then she continued in the same way I'd see her do with me many times. Licking his thighs where a few drops were, looking all over her hands and forearms and licking that up, and lastly noticing the drops on her blouse and sucking the cloth into her mouth to clean that off too.
Yes, I had seen it before. Yes, I had seen her do it to me probably hundreds of times through the years we had been together. I remember the first few times I was so turned on with her being what I thought was so, so nasty that I would get hard again. I had never thought someone so sweet, so pretty, so...girl next door, would do something I would think a whore would do. I liked it. I guess I'm in the 'lady in public and whore in the bedroom' group. But this wasn't exactly our bedroom. And it wasn't me she was eating the cum from like a twenty dollar whore.
I guess she saw it on my face because when Ally looked back at me she instantly got to her feet and came to me. She held up her hand to touch my cheek and lean toward me, concern on her face.
As she got close I could see some of the cum she had missed just under her eye and a drop by her hairline- but what made me pull back while grabbing her hand- was the smell of the exhale as she got close. It was the smell of cum. No doubt about it.
I had jerked back, pulling my head away, but had grabbed her hand as well. I wanted her to know I wasn't going to run off somewhere but I was on overload. She mistook my reaction. "Oh, I'll go wash off and clean my mouth. I'm sorry, I forgot. You just looked like you were in a lot of pain for a moment." Ally turned and ran into the restroom.
Pete had pulled his shorts up and sat back down. When I turned to him he raised his eyes and motioned to the Wild Turkey bottle. I gave him a nod and then picked up the roach and relit it. Taking a big drag I exhaled and said, "Man! This is some tough shit!" I coughed and barely got out, "and I'm not talking about the pot."
"Hey man. If you aren't OK with this..." Pete started.
I cut him off. "No, no, I just have to match my emotions with what I want in my head. I know you didn't get the religious shit I did growing up but it is going to take some time to get over that programming." I tried to smile. "I'm glad Ally has this chance with someone I'm friends with and can trust. And I'm sure you are pretty happy with it too." I said this last with more of a smirk.
"No complaints here. She might be raising the bar on any future girlfriends though." Pete grinned back with a little laugh.
We downed our shots.
Ally came back in then and came right to me and gave me a throat swabbing kiss. She tasted like toothpaste. She had also added to her makeup and now had the look she had last night when she had "practiced" for Naturals. When we pulled away she didn't stand up right onto her feet. With that little stumble I knew she was really feeling drunk now.
"I think it's time I take care of you now, my wonderful boyfriend!" she gushed at me. "I didn't mean to leave you out, but it seems like we had a problem." She turned her head and motioned with her eyes toward Pete. "But now that is taken care of for the moment and I want to take care of my love." She leaned into me for another hot kiss. While kissing me she was reaching down and stroking my cock through my pants.
I was reviving a bit but with the emotional roller coaster I was on and the liquor I had ingested I wasn't responding quickly. I think Ally saw that as a challenge.
She pulled me over to where she had left the pillow on the floor. She then placed me where Pete had been. She grabbed Pete's hand and led him to where I had been standing. Then she went back to the pillow in front of me and dropped to her knees. Looking over at Pete as she lowered my shorts she almost slurred, "Now you watch this time." She took my cock in her left hand and immediately stuck it in her mouth and started sucking.
I'd had enough of Ally's blowjobs to recognize that this was different. She WAS drunk. As she slobbered over my dick she regularly glanced over at Pete, or at least at his crotch, I'm sure to see what his reaction was to the show. After a couple of minutes and right after she took my cock and rubbed it all over her face, pushing the head into her eyes and moaning, she looked over and saw Pete was getting hard again. She smiled to herself and as she continued to suck me she took her other hand and started playing with herself under her skirt. She didn't look Pete's way any longer but started to make more noise and humping toward the ground a bit as she played with herself.
After two minutes of that, she looked up at me with that wild eyed unknown- person on her face. She dropped my dick and pulled up her skirt so we could see what she was doing with her other hand. She had it under her sheer bikini panties with two fingers going in and out of her hole. Looking at Pete, then at me she pleaded, "I need to be fucked. Fuck me now OK?" Glancing over at Pete she looked back to me, "Just fuck me here. Pete won't mind." She looked back to him with a grin. "You can pull yours out if you want. Just stand back far enough so if you can't control yourself..." She smirked. God! My girlfriend can be cruel.
She sat me back on the sofa and pulled her panties off. She raised herself over me and pulled her skirt up around her waist with her right hand so we could see as she grabbed my cock with her left and inserted it into her very, very wet cunt. She sighed as she sat down on the full length of me. Looking into my eyes she said, "I needed that. And that's not all." I didn't need to do anything since Ally was bouncing up and down using her leg muscles and keeping her skirt raised. I did reach down to help guide her as she was not any better at keeping her balance fucking as she was walking. I didn't want to break something...
The additional drinks I had over the past fifteen minutes or so kicked in about then and I just sat back and let Ally do it all with me as the guiding hand. She seemed to have a couple small orgasms but not like she normally did. At least not like I normally noticed before I tried to cum in her. I was headed to my end and with all the things I had consumed during the night I was unable to stop. I just let it blow. Ally noticed and did an extra wiggle and I could feel her clutch me inside her as well. She rolled off onto the sofa with her back against the back of the sofa but pulled her legs back and open. She made sure her skirt was still at her waist as she stuck two fingers back inside herself and pulled out gobs of cum and began to feed herself. She was looking back and forth between me and Pete each time she took a finger full of cum to her mouth. Looking down I could see the light pubic hairs around her hole had moisture attached to them that looked like morning dew. I couldn't tell if it was her's or mine.
As I had just cum, had too much to drink and smoked a bit of pot too, I was feeling like I was going to nod off for a moment. I had stopped actually seeing what Ally was doing but noticed when she stopped scooping the cum out of herself and eating it. She sat up straighter looking right at Pete's boner. Then at me.
I could tell this was another of those points where something 'big' was to take place and I had to make a call. I was just too fucked up to think properly but also too fucked up to acknowledge it. I gave her a nod and looked over to Pete. He was looking back and forth between Ally and I knowing something else was going on too. I'm sure if he was more sober than me he was hoping for what was really going on between us. And it would be settled in his favor. By my drunk default it was.
Looking back I know it would have happened eventually. It might have been another week or two. I just wish I had really 'been there' to make a decision. I was just too relaxed, too satiated. It just seems to have gone so fast. One night blowjobs and the next night we are all fucking?
Oh well. I wish I wasn't so stoned at the Jimmy Hendrix concert I went to as well. I can only remember a couple of scenes from it. But they are done.
Ally got up and approached Pete. He stood in place. When she got to him she reached down to his cock and rubbed it. She grinned in an evil way and said, "You can last longer now. I think you are ready to play again!" She giggled and pulled him over to the papa-san chair and sat him down. Then she giggled again and had him stand up. She undid his shorts and dropped them to the floor. Then lightly pushed him back to sit down again. She leaned over and took his cock into her mouth for a couple of sucks and then grinned as she looked at me and undid her skirt and dropped it to the floor. She turned back to Pete and grabbed his cock with her right hand, jerking him up and down rapidly. With her left hand she fingered herself for a moment and then put her feet on both sides of Pete's hips on the chair as she lowered herself onto his cock, guiding herself with both hands now. I had a perfect view from behind but my head was lightly spinning so it was very dream-like.
Like me, Pete took to holding Ally's ass in his hands and guiding her up and down as she fucked him. For a few minutes Ally rested her hands on his shoulders and just bounced. Then Pete said something and they stopped for a moment. She reached down and pulled her blouse over her head and threw it onto the far end of the sofa. Then she leaned into Pete feeding him her breasts as she started her fucking motions again.
I watched for a bit but must have passed out for just a moment because I heard Ally yell, "Hey you!" And I looked up to see that she had dismounted from facing Pete and was now grabbing his cock with her left hand about to feed it into her cunt being held open with her right. As soon as I looked up she sank back down on him and stared at me as she rode up and down his length. "He's inside me right now," she said with wide eyes. "His cock feels pretty much just like yours. But he's hard right now and you're not."
As I said, my girlfriend can be cruel.
I held eye contact with her until she began to have small orgasms and she lost any contact with this world through her eyes. She reached between her legs and started playing with herself as she rode him. The noises she was making and the new angle of seeing Ally fuck started to get to me. I was getting hard again even with my liquor intake. In a matter of moments I was a drunk with a boner. It was easy for all to tell because I was so drunk that I had just sat there after Ally was done with me and never pulled my shorts back on. Ally glanced up and noticed. She smiled widely showing her dimples. "You're back." She said with a little wonder.
Her fingering of herself stopped and she just continued to ride him and look at me keeping up a dialog of nasty stuff mostly but with all my consumption I wasn't tracking too well. I do remember her saying, "Oh, I feel him coming inside me right now!" And giving him an extra wiggle.
I remember that because right after that she sat for a moment and then pulled away from him and right came over to me. Standing in front of me with her legs spread she looked down and said, "Look at his cum running down my legs. Does it look a little more chunky than yours?" She didn't wait for an answer just pushed me back and grabbed my cock and stuck it inside her, sliding down with a big moan.
My first sloppy seconds. I wish I'd have been there more to appreciate it. It became one of my favorites. I can't tell you if I even noticed the difference.
Ally leaned over me, her hair covering both of our faces. She said, "Thank you for this. I feel like such a whore going from one guy to another but it feels soooo good! We'll have to watch it or this could be habit forming!"
I wasn't sure if she was kidding.
After Ally fucked me until I came she did her normal clean up on me and then looked over at Pete. He sat there as if in a coma. He hadn't moved much since she had left him to come over and jump on me. His pants were still down and it didn't look as if he had moved at all. Ally went over to him, got down on her knees, and started to clean him up too. Amazingly he got hard again. She looked over to me waving his hard dick around and said, "Can you believe it?" She grinned and sucked him completely back to life.
I saw her mount him again, facing him, but fell back asleep. She woke me sometime later. She looked tired and Pete was not in the room. She just said, "Let's get to bed," and we went and crashed in my bedroom.