In the three weeks since the visit of the pizza delivery man, Akshara and I had some of the hottest sex since our courtship days. We occasionally talked about her exposing her to more people but the opportunity never presented itself and neither of us were in a rush to do anything about it.
Then, one weekend when we had ordered food, who should turn up with the delivery but the same man who had feasted on my wife's breasts the last time! I was the one who opened the door and it took me a few seconds to realize it was him. He was unremarkable in every possible way, the kind of man you see in the street and don't look at twice. But he lingered at the door after I had received the food and it was then that I saw who he was.
"It's you!" I said.
"Yes, sir," he said, glad to be recognized. "Hope you and Madam are doing well, sir."
"We're good. Let's see if she wants to say hello, shall we?"
I turned around and called Akshara. She was in the bedroom.
"What is it?" she said.
"A surprise. Come out here."
She walked out into the living room but stopped in her tracks when she saw the man. He almost bowed in front of her.
"Hello, Madam," he said. "Do you remember me?"
Akshara wasn't dressed in a sexy chemise this time but she looked as gorgeous as ever. She was clad in a light-colored t-shirt, with no bra underneath, and comfy pajamas that fit snugly around her hips.
"Of course I remember you!" she said. "How can I forget?"
The man thrummed with happiness at this, practically levitating off the landing outside. Akshara, after her initial shock, had a curious look on her face. I knew what she was thinking and so I gestured at the sofa inside.
"Why don't you come in?" I told the delivery man. "Sit."
"Okay, sir," he said and walked into the house.
"Give us a minute, will you?"
I walked over to the bedroom and Akshara followed me. By the time we were alone, she was practically vibrating at the unexpected arrival of the delivery man again.
"Isn't this something?" I said.
"I know!" she said.
"Are you ready for round two with him?
"Only if you are."
"Then let's do this."
Akshara nodded and jumped up and down.
"How do we start?" she asked. "I can't think of anything."
"Here's what we'll do. I'll step out and then I'll call out to you again, ask you to get a him a cup of water like last time. You take off your t-shirt and come out there topless."
Akshara giggled and pressed a hand to her mouth.
"Then you can take the water to the sofa and then we can see how things go. He may be a more confident man this time, for all we know."
"You think so?"
I held Akshara by the hip and brought her closer. My other hand slipped under her t-shirt and caressed her breast.
"Yes. He'd want to suck on these again."
"Then I'll let him."
"Oh you will, is it?"
"Anything he wants."
We kissed and I squeezed her breast some more. Akshara broke off first and turned me around.
"Go," she said. "I'll come soon."
"Oh, you will," I said and winked.
She giggled again. I walked back to the living room, where the delivery man was fidgeting on the sofa. He sat up straighter upon my arrival.
"Is everything okay, sir?" he asked.
"Of course," I said. "You'd want some water, I bet. I'll ask my wife to get it for you?"
I smiled and he knew I was thinking of the last time he got some water from Akshara. His anxiety melted away and he nodded.
"Akshara!" I said. "Get our guest some water."
"Coming, darling!"
I waited with bated breath for her to emerge out of the bedroom. The delivery driver, not expecting her to come out topless, gasped when he saw her. There she was, standing in front of us with her breasts on full display and doing nothing to hide them. She placed a hand on her hip and smiled at him.
"Getting the water right now," she said.
She went into the kitchen. The man looked at me.
"You're very lucky, sir," he said. "You have such a beautiful wife."
"You're going to be lucky too," I said. "Just like last time."
Akshara came out of the kitchen with a glass of water. Like before, she went straight to him and stood close by. He accepted the glass with his right hand and extended his left to take hold of Akshara's right breast. I was right. He was more confident this time. Akshara showed no surprise at all. She placed her own hand on top of his and massaged her flesh.
"Hmm," she said. "That feels nice. I've missed your big, strong hand on my tits."
The man took a sip of the water and set the glass aside, eager to get his other hand on her breasts as well. Akshara swooped down and kissed him on the forehead like she had the previous time. He touched the spot between her breasts.
"You're not wearing your mangalsutra, Madam," he said.
Akshara looked down and noticed this as well. She shook her head.
"I'm not. Would you like me to wear it?"
The man squeezed both her breasts, loathe to let go of her but also eager to see her in that necklace which married women in India wear.
"I can get it in a minute," Akshara said. "You won't have to wait too long."
"Okay, Madam."
"And here's a kiss for you for your patience."
She bent forward and gave him a chaste kiss on the lips. He seemed to want more, darting his tongue out like a lizard but Akshara wagged a finger in his face.
"Soon," she said. "Wait now."
She skipped away to the bedroom and like she had promised, returned in under a minute, cradling the necklace in her hand. She sat down on the sofa as well and then turned her back to him.
"Will you put this on me?" she asked.
"Me?" he said. "Shouldn't your husband do it?"
"He won't mind. He seems a bit busy anyway."
I was, my hand caressing the outside of my shorts. The delivery man guffawed and said okay. Akshara moved her hair to one side to give him access to her neck and handed him the mangalsutra. He slipped it around her neck and fastened the clasp at the back. Then, before she could turn around to face him again, he kissed her on the back of the neck. Akshara shivered.
"Oooh," she said. "Your kisses are so gentle."
She turned around on her seat to smile at him and the man took the opportunity to kiss her on the lips. Akshara was surprised by the strength of his passion but after a second, she kissed him back with equal vigor. I sat nearby, rubbing myself more and more.
After a few minutes of heavy kissing, Akshara leaned back. Her lips looked a little bruised and she placed a hand over her naked chest.
"Oh my," she said. "You're making my heart beat so fast. See?"
She moved his hand from her hip to her left breast. The delivery man lightly massaged her breast and then put his head over it. Akshara looked at me over his head and then her eyes dropped down to my erection. She knew how excited I was getting.
The man sat up again and touched the mangalsutra around my wife's neck.
"It's so much more sexier when you're wearing this," he said. "I feel like I'm doing something forbidden."
"I'll always wear it for you," Akshara said. "But you have hardly done anything. Your lips haven't even touched my tits yet."
The man laughed, grabbed hold of Akshara's hips and hauled her onto his lap. She squealed and held onto his shoulders for support. I got up and changed my seat, the better to look at the two of them from the side.
"You want me to kiss your tits?" the man asked.
"Yes," Akshara said.
"Your husband is there, watching us."
"I want him to watch us. I want him to watch you suck on my tits."
The man breathed in heavily at this and looked at me. I laughed.
"In that case," he said. "Beg me to suck on them."
Akshara touched her breasts and flicked her nipples with her fingers.
"Please," she purred. "I want you to please suck on my tits."
"You can do better."
"I've been waiting for this ever since you left that day. I've been dreaming about this. I wake up wet from dreams in which my tits are in your mouth. Please. Don't make me wait any longer."
The delivery man took hold of Akshara's mangalsutra and used it to tug her closer to himself. She leaned forward and he opened his mouth wide to take her left breast into his mouth. Akshara sighed, her eyes closed in ecstacy.
"Don't stop," she said. "Please don't stop."
The man sucked on her breast while his hands clutched Akshara's butt through her pajamas. He wrenched the hem down and lightly slapped her naked butt. She whimpered.
"Oh," Akshara said. "Oh my."
The delivery man let go of her left breast and started licking her right nipple. Akshara looked down at him, her face contorted into an expression of pleasure. With his purplish tongue going over and over her nipple, the man maintained eye contact with her. With every sigh she made, he seemed to grow in stature.
"Would your husband be okay with you being completely naked next to me?" he asked her.
Akshara looked at me even as the man went back to sucking on her breasts. I took a step closer, held her by the back of the neck, and kissed her. She moaned through our kiss, her sensitive nipples still in the man's mouth.
"Take off your pajamas," I told her.
She got off the man's lap but before she could touch the pajamas, the man got hold of them and pulled them down. The panties came away as well and there my wife was, completely naked in front of us except for the mangalsutra around her neck.
The delivery man gazed at her, his eyes full of lust. He ran a finger down from her bellybutton to the beginning of her trimmed bush. Akshara squirmed in pleasure.
"That feels so nice," she said.
"Show me your pussy," the man said.
Akshara used two of her fingers to part the flesh between her legs, showing us a pussy that was wet and glistening. The man was breathing heavily.
"You're so sexy," he said. "I'd like to fingerfuck you."
Akshara moved in closer to him, so close that the man's nose was inches away from her belly. He flicked out his tongue and licked around her bellybutton. Akshara caressed the side of his fat face with one hand, the other one massaging a breast.
I went and stood behind her, pressed my erection against her butt. I blew on the back of her neck and she squirmed some more. I cupped my wife's breasts from behind, squeezed them gently. I jiggled them in the man's face, who stuck his tongue out again. A thin line of saliva connected one of the areolas to the man's tongue.
"Oh," Akshara moaned. "Oh wow."
"Are you ready?" the man asked her.
Akshara nodded.
"Please. Please put your finger inside me. I need it."
I nibbled on the side of Akshara's neck, squeezed her breasts harder. The man continued to kiss her breasts, his fingers moving tantalizingly closer to her pussy but not touching it yet.
"Please," Akshara said again. "Don't make me wait anymore."
"I want you to make as much noise as you can," I whispered in my wife's ear. "Moan for him."
The man put one of his fingers into his mouth, licked it, and then brought it to touch my wife's pussy. Akshara buckled in front of me.
"Aaah," Akshara said. "Yes!"
The man slid his finger slowly into her pussy, using his thumb to massage the vaginal opening. Akshara, her mouth wide open, twisted at the neck to lock eyes with me.
"You like this?" the man said.
"Yes," she moaned.
"Do you want me to continue?"
In response, Akshara moved her hips forward, letting the man's finger penetrate her deeper. At the same time, with her eyes still on me, she grabbed hold of his chin and brought his lips to her breast again.
"Suck on my tits at the same time," she told him.
The man obliged her, beginning to suck on her breasts vigorously even as his finger moved in and out of my wife. Akshara reached a hand back to touch my head before pulling me in for a kiss.
"You're so wet, Madam," the man said. "My finger is fully wet."
Akshara broke off from our kiss briefly to look at him.
"It's all because of you," she said. "You make me wet."
That got the man excited. I could see the tent in his faded trousers. I wondered if he would want to take them off next but he was content to redouble his efforts to get my wife off with his finger. He used his other hand to grab her breast one after the other, pinching her nipples until Akshara gasped. I remained behind her, my erection pressing more and more into the small of her back until she reached back and fondled it through my shorts.
"I'm about to come!" she announced. "Don't stop. Please!"
The delivery man moved his finger in and out while I clutched Akshara's hips tight from behind. She shut her eyes, looked up to the ceiling and let out a moan, her loudest of the night yet.
"I came!" she said. "Oh. Oh wow. I...that was...I can't think."
The man took his finger out of my wife and lightly slapped the side of her breasts. Akshara, sweaty and breathing hard, smoothed out the hair that remained on his head before kissing him deeply.
"Thank you," she said afterwards.
"It was my pleasure," the man said.
He stood up and his erection became even more prominent. Akshara lightly brushed her fingers against it.
"Maybe the next time we can do more," she said. "What do you think?"
"Whatever you say, Madam."
He picked up his bag and this time, Akshara remembered to give him his money before he left. Then she turned to me, still naked.
"I need a shower," she said. "I'm sweating like a pig!"
She went and took a long shower. I stripped out of my clothes and lay down naked on the bed. When she came out, wrapped only in a towel, she grinned at me.
"Looks like someone needs more action tonight," she said.
"Oh, I've hardly gotten started," I said.
She was still wearing the mangalsutra. Like the delivery man had earlier, I took hold of it and tugged her towards myself. With my other hand, I loosened the towel and threw it away. We kissed and rolled around in the bed before her hands found my erect penis.
"I love you," she said before beginning to kiss her way down my body.
I placed a hand on her head and with the other squeezed her breasts some more.
"Were you serious about that in the end?" I asked.
Akshara kissed the tip of my erect penis and then licked down the shaft. Her eyes found mine.
"Only if you're up for it," she said.
"You'll give him a handjob if he wants one then?"
"I will."
"A blowjob?"
Akshara put my penis into her mouth and sucked the whole length of it. She smacked her lips and began to move her hand up and down.
"Would you like to see me put his dick in my mouth?"
There was a string of precum on the tip of my penis. Akshara licked it and then swallowed, a wicked grin on her face.
"Yes," I said.
"And what if he wants to fuck me next?"
"Let's start with the blowjob, shall we? Until then, you have me to fuck you."
I pulled her up and got on top. Her breast jiggled and I began to suck on them.
"Does he do this better than me?" I asked.
"No," she said. "He's not bad but nobody can compete against you, my love. Now fuck me."