Exactly one week after Ashley and Alexis had masturbated together, they found themselves walking down the street, leaving Ashley's apartment for a club. Alexis was wearing her new corset top and denim skirt, and Alexis wore a pair of jeans and a tiny tube top. Going for maximum exposure, the girls had opted to leave their jackets at home although it wasn't that warm. It was November after all.
In the previous week, Alexis was surprised by how horny she became and how much it drove her to do things that only a month ago she never would have. Twice that week she gave herself a good pounding with her new dildo, in front of the open window again. Each time she built an audience.
Ashley wasn't exactly innocent either. She hadn't even gone straight home after she fucked herself in front of Alexis - she had paraded her slutty ass around campus until some drunk guy hit on her, and then she went home with him. The sex wasn't that good, but it was better than nothing.
This night, after all other recent events, Alexis had a fairly good idea what was going to happen. The girls had taken a few shots before they left and we're feeling a little buzz, and Alexis knew Ashley was going to try to talk her into something slutty. She just didn't know what it was yet.
They got to the club and went inside. Ashley, barely old enough to drink, ordered a Long Island iced tea, which she quickly passed along to Alexis.
"Ashley! I don't want to get wasted! I'll wind up doing something really stupid!" Alexis said, laughing.
"You mean something really fun?" Ashley teased. "Here, you drink this, and I'll unbutton my jeans and leave them that way the rest of the night."
Alexis couldn't resist seeing her sister act like a slut. She was already a little horny because, in her corset top, she was getting plenty of attention from the guys in the club. Add the fact that a hot, similarly dressed girl was with her, and it only added to the attention she received. Guys were watching them, watching their hips move and their tits jiggle and wondering if they would flash their tits or kiss each other. They didn't know that the girls were sisters, and if they did, they probably just would have watched them more closely.
Alexis took the drink and began to slowly make her way to the bottom. Ashley touched her stomach, teasing herself as she waited for her sister to finish so she could unbutton. She played with her dangly bellybutton ring and imagined a hot guy - or girl - was touching her, ready to dive in. Alexis, for her part, was becoming increasingly aroused by the sexy looks she was getting, left and right and in front of her. Everywhere she looked she felt eyes on her body, and she loved it.
Finally Alexis finished the drink and Ashley unbuttoned her jeans. Alexis was quite tipsy, and had no objection to being led into the dance floor by her sister. She raised her arms in the air as Ashley danced behind her, feeling her exposed stomach, driving the guys wild. Soon they traded places, Ashley's unbuttoned jeans showing a hint of her pink thong panties as she shook her hips. Taking Alexis' hand, she arched her back and ground her ass into Alexis' pelvic area as she led her hand to her own stomach.
Alexis, tipsy and all, was just loving every minute. She loved feeling her sister's flat, smooth stomach and loved looking at the two sluts she saw in the mirror which ran the length of the wall. It aroused her immensely to know that she was one of those girls, and right then and there she knew that she would be having fun that evening.
Only a couple minutes had passed when two guys started dancing with the girls. One danced behind Alexis, who eagerly ground her ass into his cock, feeling it harden slightly under her skirt. The other danced in front of Ashley, the two of them basically humping each other with their clothes on as they danced front to front.
After several minutes of this, the four dancers broke off into couples, Alexis and Ashley separating from one another to enjoy their male companions. Both girls ground their asses into the guys they were dancing with, feeling the guys' chests and stomachs on their backs and leading the guys' hands to their exposed sides and stomachs. Alexis found this intensely arousing, dancing, getting felt up by a complete stranger as she gave him a slight hardon with her moves.
A few minutes more went by, and Alexis noticed that Ashley's jeans had been pulled down to expose the top half of her ass cheeks, her hips, the top of her legs, and almost her panty-covered pussy. They were just folded down to expose more. It was so erotic. Ashley loved doing it, and Alexis clearly loved seeing Ashley like that.
"Lift up her skirt," Ashley said to the guy with Alexis during a slight break in the action. "Trust me, she'll like it." The next song started, and the guy lifted her skirt, exposing her ass cheeks to the onlookers in the club as she danced. Alexis didn't notice for a couple seconds, and when she did, she was so turned on she just ground her ass into him harder, bare skin now contacting the guy's pants. She could really feel him now; she wanted him.
A moment later, the guys quickly went to the bar to get drinks for themselves and the girls. They came back in a matter of seconds, and the four of them, drinks in hand, began to dance again.
"Are you trying to get me drunk?" Said Ashley.
"No, just thought you might want a drink."
"Well, it's working!" Said Ashley, winking, giving him the go-ahead to make a move and letting him know she was game.
"Does he have a shot with her?" He asked, pointing to Alexis.
"Yeah, she's horny and she'll pretty much do anything. She's a little attention whore when she gets tipsy and horny." Ashley looked over and, sure enough, the guy had lifted Alexis' skirt again, driving her wild, causing her to turn around and press her lips against his, his hands up the bottom of her skirt grabbing her ass, which was now in plain view.
Ashley didn't need to make out. She was enough of a slut that she was ready to just leave with her guy. She quickly finished her drink and jumped into his arms, whispering, "I'll do a lot of things too, when I've been drinking." He needed no more encouragement, picking her up and carrying her half-dressed body outside, taking her home.
Alexis noticed that her sister had disappeared again, but this time, she just saw it as a green light to make the most of the time she had with her new companion. They stayed at the club a little longer though, Alexis having one more drink and giving the guy a feel of her tits while they danced before he asked her if she had any plans.
"Not any more," she said.
"Well, do you want to hang out with me?" He asked.
She answered affirmatively, and soon Alexis was headed to her second hookup in about two weeks. They kissed passionately again, his hands exploring her body as they exited the club. Her skirt was still hiked up around her hips, giving him easy access to grab her ass as they kissed. Cars passed, and even though it was dark, she could feel the eyes on her, and she didn't care a bit.
Outside the club, he lifted her top to get a good look at and feel of her tits as they kissed. She was in heaven, making out with a complete stranger, her tits hanging out for the world to see. A couple people took pictures; she didn't mind at all. She just wanted one thing, and that was to get fucked.
He led her to his car, where Alexis promptly removed her skirt and didn't bother adjusting her top. As soon as he stepped inside and started the car, she was leaning over, unzipping his jeans, desperate to taste the cock that had been grinding into her ass all night.
"Mmmmm, I want to taste your cock," she moaned as she pulled it out of his pants.
"Ohhh, yeah, suck it, suck it good," he happily replied. She teased him, licking the head of his penis as he drove out of the parking lot and toward his apartment. He moaned again, just adding to her excitement, and she responded by enveloping her lips around his shaft, stroking him as she sucked. She was in heaven, and all she could manage to do was drive her mouth farther down onto his cock as he began to squeeze her breasts with his free hand.
"Yeah, suck it, girl," he said. She forced her head even farther down, desperate to feel the feelings of wanton sluttiness that had, for the most part, eluded her for the past week. Nothing made her feel like more of a slut than taking a guy's cock as deep as she could, stretching and scraping the back of her throat on it as she forced herself to please him as much as possible, while only getting pleasure from it because of the intense feelings of humiliation she felt at doing it. Alexis took his cock so thoroughly that, although the drive lasted only five minutes, her throat was raw and sore by the end - just how she wanted it to feel.
He lifted her head up off his cock as he parked the car, raising her lips to his for another passionate kiss. After many moments he opened the door, and Alexis tore herself away and exited the car wearing only her shoes, thong panties and top pulled up to expose her perky tits, skirt in her hand.
"Wow, you sexy little show off," he said as he led her to his apartment.
"it makes me really, really wet," she teased, stopping outside his door for a few more moments of passionate kissing, Alexis reveling in her last opportunity to be exposed outside before she went inside to get drilled.
No sooner were they inside than her top was removed, and he carried her into the bedroom, placing her on the bed and removing her panties, leaving only her shoes. He spread her legs wide and placed his tongue between her legs, tasting the pussy that had been waiting for him all night.
"Oohhhhh, fuck yes," she moaned as she felt his tongue tease her wet fuckhole. He continued to lick her pussy, and she continued to moan in pleasure. "I want your cock in my mouth while you eat my pussy," she moaned, and soon his clothes were on the floor and he crawled into bed on top of her, forcing his dick into her mouth as he ate her pussy. She felt his cock at the back of her throat as his tongue danced on her clit, and in that moment, she was beginning to understand how amazing it can feel to be a used slut. She was practically begging for her mouth to be used harder, if for no other reason than to elicit intense feelings of use and sluttiness.
"Mmgmmmgmm!" She moaned as he fucked her throat hard. No matter what she did, she couldn't move his body off of hers or remove his cock from her mouth, not that she wanted to. She began to enjoy struggling ever so slightly under him, feeling forced and taken.
The exposure, the force, the tongue on her clit were all too much as Alexis exploded into orgasm. She bucked her hips and gasped for breath, feeling the cock in her mouth that seemed to make it hard for her to breathe. She moaned some incomprehensible words as she came, almost blacking out from the intensity of the moment before he rolled off of her, changed positions, and readied himself to push his cock into her desperate pussy.
"Ohhhhh, yes, fuck me!" She whispered as he plunged his cock into her pussy, he lifted her legs over his shoulders as he spread her open, impaling her with his cock. "Harder," she whispered, and he began to increase the rhythm as well as the depth of his penetration. She was a writhing, fanatical slut for him now, and in this moment, she wanted nothing more to be treated like one.
"Do you like fucking me?"
"Ohhhh, yes, your pussy feels so good!"
"Am I a dirty, filthy slut?" She asked. Alexis was shocked that those words escaped her lips. Sure, she had been thinking it, but now she was basically begging for it - begging him to tell her that she was a slut. She felt so degraded saying those words, but her arousal had taken over, leading her to voice her previously inhibited desire to hear someone call her a slut.
"Yes, you're a dirty little slut, taking my cock like that!" Alexis closed her eyes, the feelings of humiliation and arousal commanding her every move as her arousal was brought to a new level by his words.
"Ohhhhh, yes!"
"I want to hear you say it."
"Say what?" Alexis asked shyly, not quite ready to admit out loud, herself, that she was a slut.
He pulled his cock out of her, teasing her with it. "Do you want this cock? Do you want to feel it inside you again?"
"Yes!"
"Then tell me what you are!"
"I - I - I'm a slut! A filthy nasty horny slut!" She just couldn't take any more. If that was what she had to say to get his cock back in her pussy, she was all too happy to say it. It was so degrading, so humiliating, but so - arousing! And so erotic! She couldn't believe how much it turned her on, being forced to tell him what she was.
"I'm a dirty filthy cocksucking slut! Please give me that cock! I'm a nasty slut and I need more, yessss!" She moaned loudly as he began to fuck her again. She was getting to the point where she loved saying those words. Alexis loved it because it took her arousal to an entirely different level. She couldn't explain it, but she needed to be made to say those words.
He rammed his cock hard into her pussy, and in a few short moments, she was on the brink of cumming again.
"Are you going to cum for me, you little fuckdoll? Tell me how much of a whore you are and cum on my cock!"
"Oh, yes, I'm a dirty - I'm a filthy - I'm a little shown off exhibitionist fuck doll for anyone that wants me! Ohhhhhh!" Alexis rocked the bed as she came hard, the words she had uttered only intensifying her orgasm. She gripped his shoulders and closed her eyes as she moaned, her pussy tightening around his cock. It was even more intense than the first time she came, and now she was nothing more than a pile of putty in his hands. Moments later she had recovered from her shuddering orgasm, and he began to speak again.
"Do you want to make me cum now, slut?"
"Yes, I - I want your cum."
"You know what would really make me cum? Fucking you in the ass."
"Oh, wow, I've never - "
"You're an anal virgin?"
"Yes," she said, blushing.
"You like feeling and acting like a dirty little slut though, right?"
"Yes." She said, embarrassed yet aroused at her admission.
"Well, taking it up the ass will really help you feel that way. It's the sluttiest kind of sex you can have."
"I don't know I - I've thought about it but - "
"I can promise you a big, thick load of cum if you try it for me," he said. "And if you try it and you want me to stop, I'll stop, ok? I just want you to give it a try, I think you'll really like it." Without a word from her, he reached into his nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lube.
The only indication he really got from her that she was willing to go along with it, willing to give it a chance, was that she laid on her back and spread her cheeks with her feet to either side of her face, accepting the lube that he generously squirted into her rear opening. He could tell she was reluctant, even a little nervous about it as he positioned his cock to enter her ass.
"Ok, this might hurt a little at first, especially since it's your first time. But let it happen for a few minutes and I think the pain will subside and you will really like it. Ok?"
"Ok," she replied. She was smiling, but it was more of a nervous smile than a pleased one. It was that sort of smile girls sometimes default to displaying when they are not sure how to react to something. Alexis would have liked more time to consider whether she wanted to try it, or maybe to finger her own ass and try anal play on her own before she gave her ass to a stranger. But if it made her feel the way he suggested it would, she would reluctantly accept it.
He positioned his cock just on the edge of her asshole, then changed his mind. He just left his cock alone, inches from her asshole, as he teased her ass with his finger. He rubbed his finger over that dark patch of skin directly next to the hole itself, eliciting a slight moan from Alexis.
"Does that feel good?" He asked.
"Yeah - yeah, it does." He continued to tease her tight hole with his finger for several long moments, arousing both of them.
"Ok, I'm going to try a finger inside your ass now, ok?" Alexis nodded, still smiling nervously as he slowly inserted a finger into her ass, pushing gently until it was completely inside all the way to the knuckle.
"Mmmmm," moaned Alexis. To her surprise, it was actually somewhat pleasant, in a way she could not explain. It was different from having a finger in her pussy - her hole felt sensitive in a way, almost ticklish. Surprised at the fact that it was actually arousing her, she moaned again. Yes, there was a slight amount of pain, but the generous amount of lube had helped his finger enter her ass without much resistance, and helped her feel mostly pleasure and only a little discomfort.
"Do you like having a finger all the way in your ass?" He asked.
"Oh my god - I can't believe I'm doing this, or saying this but - yes."
"Ok, now I'm going to try two fingers."
"Ohhhh, yes, finger my ass!" Alexis closed her eyes and waited for his second finger. This one felt a little different - she felt a little less ticklish and a little more pressure inside her, as her tight asshole adjusted to accommodate two fingers. "Ohhhhh, yes," she moaned. He started to fuck her ass with his fingers, moving them back and forth inside her asshole, and taking them all the way out and putting them all the way back in, forcing Alexis to feel the pleasure of the moment of insertion all over again.
"Are you turning into a little anal slut?" He asked after a few moments had passed.
"I definitely feel slutty," she said. "But if you want to see if I'm turning into a little anal slut, put your dick in my ass," she said in a voluptuous voice.
He needed no further encouragement. Slipping his fingers out of her ass, he positioned his cock and slowly began stretching her little asshole to accept it, pushing it deeper inside her as he went.
"Ohhhhh, fuck!" She moaned loudly.
"Does it hurt?" He asked.
"It hurts - it hurts some - but keep going," she half spoke and half moaned. Alexis was feeling particularly dirty, letting a stranger take her anal virginity, and she wanted the slutty feelings to continue as it was very arousing to her. If she had to feel some pain, she was willing, especially if it eventually became a more pleasant experience.
"Do you like it when I fuck your ass? Does it make you feel like a filthy little slut?"
"Yes - yes, fuck my ass, I'm a filthy little anal slut," she said, half out of breath. She really meant it, too. She was so aroused by what was happening that she was breathing heavily and struggling to get the words out in anything more than a short, quick, intense burst as she exhaled. Her ass felt extremely full, stretched, and used, and she was absolutely loving it!
He had now forced the entire length of his cock into her ass, and began sliding it in and out of her tight little hole. Increasing his rhythm, he could see in her eyes that the pain was mostly gone and she was feeling pure pleasure - and he wanted to try a different position.
"Let me fuck that ass doggystyle," he said as he quickly pulled his cock from her ass. She quickly complied, rolling over on her stomach and positioning her ass high in the air, her knees bent underneath of her stomach and her face on a pillow at the head of his bed.
Again, he thrust his cock into her ass. This time it felt so heavenly she almost convulsed on the spot, her tight sphincter accepting the full length of the shaft that filled her ass to the brim.
"You like taking it up the ass?"
"Ohhhh, oh yes, I love it up my ass! I'm so fuckikg nasty - filthy - dirty - I'm such a fucking slut! Ohhhhh yes fuck me harder!" He did as he was asked, reaming her ass with force as she bent her body to accept her use as an anal whore.
"Oh, yeah, you dirty fucking slut! You love it up the ass, so fucking hot taking you up the ass like this! You are so fucking sexy like that!"
"Ohhhh, yes I'm such a little fucking slut! Fuck me harder! Ohhhh, I'm a slut, ohhhhh, fuck - fuck my ass! It hurts a little - ohhhh, but I love it! I love being an anal slut for you!" She could still barely get the words out, she was breathing so heavily.
"Oh, oh, oh, I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum up your ass!" He moaned. "You want my cum?"
"Ohhhh, yes - yes - give me that cum! Cum in my ass! Ohhhh I'm such a slut!" With that he plunged his cock as deep as it would go into her ass and shot spurt after spurt of cum deep inside her. His cock spasmed, and the sensation and the erotic moment sent Alexis into a tailspin again. She clenched her pussy with one hand, cumming hard as he filled her ass with his cum. The two bodies shook and convulsed against each other, his cock still buried in her ass, her cheeks still spread, willing to take it.
It was many moments before he pulled out of her ass. He left his cock in there so long that it had become mostly flaccid, and he removed it with streaks of cum and anal juices coating its length.
"So did you enjoy your first anal sex?"
"Yeah, that was amazing," she said.
"Good. Did it make you feel slutty like you hoped?"
"Oh yeah, definitely!"
"Good. Now if you really want to be a good little slut, you can clean my cock off with your mouth."
"Ewwww that's really gross! It's been in my ass!" She protested, laughing nervously. She had already stretched herself, pun intended, as much as she could take for one evening.
He laughed. "I'm only kidding," he said. "Well, about half. If you wanted to I was going to go for it, but yeah, that's kinda gross."
Alexis laid in bed with him, naked, sobering up, making small talk until he fell asleep. As sobriety and conscience awakened within her, she suddenly felt a little weird about the whole evening. The sex was great, and she was very aroused and she had a great time. But she still felt a little disappointed with herself.
Maybe it was because Alexis had only slept with now four guys in her life, and two of them had been strangers and had been in the past two weeks. She was getting worried that she was actually starting to turn into a slut. "What am I doing?" She thought. It was risky, sure, but having sex with someone was also something that couldn't be taken back. Her number was four. It could only go up from there.
"How many people do I have to have sex with before I'm really a slut?" She thought. "Ten? Twenty? Fifty?" If it was the lower number, she was fast approaching given her recent pace. And in this moment, she didn't really want to become a slut. She wanted to have fun and experiment, yes, but at the end of the day she wanted to be able to settle down, marry a good, nice man and have a good life, and was any decent guy going to want the party girl that slept with ten or twenty guys in the name of letting loose and living it up in college?
Alexis was also bothered by how much she had enjoyed herself. She thought about how exposed she had been recently, and she felt truly ashamed. "Why do I want people to see me naked?" She thought. And finally, she thought about her most recent adventure, calling herself a filthy slut and enjoying the degradation a strange guy had given to her. "Why does that make me so horny?" She thought. And she had let him have her ass, and she loved it. Did that just make her a bigger slut? Maybe sluts are measured not in pure numbers, but in how degraded they are willing to become and in the sorts of things they like sexually. If that was the case, she was already there.
Ashamed, Alexis quietly slipped out of bed and put her clothes on and left. On her way out the door, she paused to check her phone - she had one message from Ashley. It was a picture of her sucking a cock, and she said "Just wanted to let you know I'm safe and sound and getting filled tonight! Hope you are too! We'll talk tomorrow." If she was a slut, at least she wasn't the only one.
It was a long walk back to campus, but thirty minutes later Alexis was back in her own bed. She didn't bother to change, she just crashed into her bed, sore from the relentless fucking she had taken and ashamed of what she had let herself become. Alexis cried herself to sleep, wondering how it had all come to this.
The next day, Alexis and Ashley met for lunch. Alexis was wearing jeans and a hoodie, but Ashley showed up in jeans, a jacket, and another top that exposed about half her stomach. She left the jacket open, not bothering to zip it or really attempt to cover herself at all. It was a little short, the jacket, and Ashley's thong rode up and her jeans ride down as she sat down, exposing her thong to anyone standing behind her.
"Is that all you ever wear?" Asked Alexis. She couldn't remember the last time she had seen Ashley wear anything that wasn't at least a little revealing or suggestive.
"Pretty much," said Ashley. "Guys like it though."
"You look like a slut."
"Damn!" Said Ashley. "Well, you know..."
"What are you saying?"
"Well you saw the picture," Ashley said.
"Yeah."
"I noticed you didn't respond right away. What did YOU get into last night?"
"Well," said Alexis, a little anxious. "I went home with that guy."
"And?"
"And..."
"Did you sleep with him?"
"Well, yes."
"Was he good?"
"Yeah, really good. But he...well, I let him...I'm not sure how I feel about this, and please don't judge...but he fucked my ass."
"Awesome. Nothing beats a good ass fuck, I took it up my ass last night too. Feels great, doesn't it?"
"Well, yeah, it felt good," said Alexis, relieved that she had been spared judgment by her sister.
"Yeah, here's the thing though - I mean I've been showing off lately, I mean, who knows how many people have seen my tits now. And my pussy. And then my ass was hanging out last night at the club, and I sucked his cock in his car, basically topless, all the way to his place. And then he called me a slut last night - like in a sexy way, though.
"Did you like it?"
"Yeah. I did. And then I got really into it and started admitting to it, saying I was a filthy slut and everything." As embarrassed as she was to admit it, Alexis felt a slight twinge in her pussy as she remembered the events of the night before, and talking about it with her sister made her ever so slightly aroused again.
"Yeah, I like it when guys talk dirty to me too. It's basically a one way ticket to my pussy."
"Yeah but after - I left and went back to my room, I just felt so guilty and ashamed and dirty for liking it. The anal, the dirty talk. I got to wondering if it was true."
"Well how many guys have you been with now?"
"Four."
Ashley laughed. "Alexis, four guys doesn't make you a slut. This is the twenty-first century. Most people don't care about that stuff anymore. I know I don't. I mean, if some people want to call me a slut, I just accept it. I like what I like. But you? No, you aren't a slut."
"i guess what I'm trying to say is, I get the idea that you are into this stuff - showing off, sleeping around, you know."
"Experimenting, sure, I like to try things, and if I like them I like to do them again."
"I know you think I should be more willing to, to use your word, experiment. I guess what I'm asking is, maybe give me a few days to - to think about all of it? I mean, if there is anything fun that doesn't involve sex with strangers or exposing myself, I want to try it. But it worries me - the stuff I've been doing lately."
"Yeah, that's ok. That's just natural actually. I think you'll come out of it wanting more. But for now, i do think I know of something we could try, that isn't sex or showing off."
"Oh?"
"Alexis, I challenge you to a bladder duel."
"A what?"
"A bladder duel - ok, here are the rules. We take turns drinking glasses of, well, it could be water, or coffee, beer, wine, anything. And we hold our bladder for as long as we can. First one to pee loses."
"Sounds like a really long game of Rock Paper Scissors."
"Yeah, kind of. One more rule though - you can't go to the bathroom. When you go, you go in your clothes. Makes it more interesting," said Ashley with a smile.
"Okay, and if you win?"
"Well if you win you can go to the toilet. Sound fun?"
"Yeah, I'm in," said Alexis. But what if I win, I mean what - shouldn't we bet on it or something?"
"Ok. Here it is. If you lose, and I know you've fantasized about this - if you lose, you have to have a threesome with two guys!"
"Ashley! No! I mean yes the idea is hot, but - wait. What if I win?"
"Well, pick something slutty and make me do it," Ashley said, smiling.
"Ok. If I win, I don't have to have a threesome. And you don't try to talk me into anything for a while - maybe until next semester. And you - if I win, you have to take it up the ass from a guy and then suck his dick."
"I've already done that, Alexis. Maybe something I haven't done would be better for this."
"Wh - Ashley, that's gross!"
"Yeah, gross, humiliating, I know. And made me really turned on."
"Anyway, if I win, you have to..," she said, trying to think of something more degrading than what she just mentioned. "You have to have sex where people can see."
"Like in your dorm room, with people watching? Or you mean like at a frat house, on the couch, where people are like, right there?"
"The frat house. Two guys. At the same time or not, doesn't matter."
"Deal."
The girls smiled at each other, shook hands and thought about what they might soon be doing.
"So when are we having this duel?"
"This afternoon, my place," said Ashley.
An hour later, everything was in place. The girls had pissed one last time before the duel was to start, and they had a pot of coffee, a gallon of water each, and a bottle of wine ready to drink. Ashley took these things into her bedroom and placed them in the middle of her bed, motioning for Alexis to follow.
"In here?" Said Alexis.
"Yeah. On my bed."
"But that means -"
"Yeah, someone will piss my bed," said Ashley. "It's ok, it's an old mattress, and it's kinda big, I can sleep on the other side." Alexis thought it was a little weird but she followed along and placed herself on the bed.
The girls started with a glass of water before moving on to a glass of wine and a cup of coffee each.
"Damn, I already have to pee," said Alexis.
"Better hold it or you know what happens!" Said Ashley. Alexis thought about what she would have to do if she lost, and she was determined to win. She didn't really want to sleep with two guys at once - she really wanted that to remain a fantasy, at least for now.
The girls drank more water and coffee, and soon an hour had passed. A couple more glasses of water and a glass of wine and Alexis was feeling like she had to go, badly. She was starting to hunch forward, as if doing so would pinch off her bladder and relieve the tension she felt.
"Getting desperate?" Said Ashley.
"A little," said Alexis. You?"
"Oh yeah," said Ashley. The girls continued to trade drinks, each time feeling their bladders expand. There was pressure deep down in the pit of each girl's stomach. It was a little painful, but at the same time, it was enjoyable in an odd way. Maybe it was the humiliation at not being able to go, at being told to hold it. Maybe it was something else.
Alexis struggles as she drank, feeling that her bladder would empty itself at any time. She was sweating now, and she thought she could feel a drop of moisture escape her body. She struggled to fight the urge to urinate. Ashley was only in slightly better shape, and probably only because she had played this game before.
All of the sudden, the floodgates opened. A thick, heavy stream of piss flowed out of Alexis' body, soaking her clothes first. The feeling of finally letting go was heavenly, maybe even worth having to sleep with two guys at once just to feel the way she felt. She had teied to hold it in for so long, but eventually she had just not been able to hold it any more.
Alexis didn't move. She leaned back and closed her eyes, enjoying in a strange way the warmth that filled her jeans and the release that she felt. Her urine quickly pooled around her ass, soaking through her jeans and into Ashley's bed.
"And we have a winner!" Said Ashley. "Don't move, I'll be right back.
"Wait, this isn't fair," said Alexis. I just pissed myself!
"Those are the rules, Alexis."
"I know. God, this is embarrassing." Ashley went to the bathroom and relieved herself. It seemed like minutes before she returned to Alexis still sitting in a puddle of her own piss on Ashley's bed.
"Well, how does next weekend sound?"
"For what?"
"You know what! Your threesome! I'll arrange it and pick out two guys for you. Don't worry, they'll be cute and good at it."
"Sure," said Alexis, defeated. "Can I have a change of clothes or something?"
"Sure," said Ashley. She picked out a pair of jeans and a revealing top, and Alexis sighed at her suggestion.
"It's this or what you have on," said Ashley.
"Fine." She stripped her wet clothes, soaked to the core, and put on Ashley's jeans and top, leaving on her wet thong underneath. She looked sexy, and felt utterly humiliated by the still-wet pair of panties that were glued to her pussy and ass.
"I think I'm going to go shower," said Alexis, gathering her things to go.
"Sounds good - hey, was it fun?"
"Yeah, actually. I'd do it again. Just maybe with a different bet," said Alexis, laughing. Part of her, the slut inside, was already starting to eagerly anticipate her sexual activities of next weekend. "Then again," she thought, "I might like this, and I have fantasized about it."
Alexis left, feelings of hornyness and humiliation sinking in. She walked back to her dorm room, wondering what people would think if they knew she had just pissed herself and was still wearing the underwear to prove it. The piss felt cold now, an interesting sensation on her pussy, which was starting to drip. When she got back, she threw open the curtains and stripped naked, fucking herself again for an audience while she thought about all that had happened - her anal sex, her dirty talk, her exposure, pissing herself, and her chance to have a threesome.
Meanwhile. Ashley, the filthy slut she was, was naked as well. She had stripped her clothes and, not able to stop herself, buried her face in the wet spot on her bed as she put a butt plug in her ass and a big dildo in her pussy. She reveled in the wet, sticky mess her sister had left for her, sniffing it and even licking the sheets before wallowing in the nasty liquid as she fucked herself, hoping it would not be the last time.