This is the third story I've written as I enjoy reliving my life's favorite sexual experiences through this venue. I have enjoyed reading stories on Literotica for the past seven years and decided I'd try to share some of my own experiences. I'm not a professional writer, just a connoisseur of erotica and having great sex. This is the story of my most unusual wedding day as it actually took place.
Hopefully before you read this story you can take the time to read my story titled "The Day I Met My Wife". It would give you a good understanding of how our relationship began and how erotic our relationship has been from the moment we met.
*
I was 46 years old when I met my lovely wife for the first time at her office, it's now six months later. My wife, Mary is a very sexy 40 year old vixen. She was blessed with a beautiful face, gorgeous natural 36DD breasts, long sexy legs and those "fuck me" eyes. She's only about five feet tall and weighs 110 pounds but it's those tits that men can't help but stare at. She has fantastic tits, not the type that a person would think are fake, her's actually move as she walks. I love the way her tits sway in the low cut tops she usually wears. Her nipples are perfectly sized and shaped and always stand at attention when she's aroused, especially on a cool day.
I love it when Mary goes braless but that's a treat I rarely get to see other than when she's in a bathing suit. I find myself constantly fighting off an erection when I'm with her. Every move she makes turns me on and she knows how to use that to her advantage.
A little about me, my name is Bill. I'm about six feet tall weighing in at 180 pounds, still work out daily and enjoy getting a few looks from the ladies now and then myself. Most friends say I have a very clean cut, military look about me. I'm always shaven, try to dress nice and always smell nice. My wife says that's the first thing she notices about a man, his scent. I consider myself to have an average sized cock, about seven inches long. One problem I have is that I have a hard time controlling the little guy, I'm always horny. My wife loves to use this against me as she's a flirt and a tease.
One day while browsing the computer I decided it was about time Mary and I take a trip together. So without her knowledge I booked a trip to New Orleans including the flight and a hotel on Bourbon Street. It was autumn so I figured it would be a great time to take a trip south to a warmer climate. I had taken a trip to New Orleans a few years back and remembered the great time I had. I was single at the time and enjoyed watching the ladies showing their tits on Bourbon Street and the great entertainment lasting all night long, every night. I figured this was the perfect place for us to vacation.
I emailed Mary at work and told her to put in for a vacation for that week as I explained when and where we were going.
I received an email back instantly containing one word "DONE".
A month later we were packing our bags getting ready for our first vacation together. Knowing Mary, I knew this would be an adventure I'd never forget. I used one suit case, Mary used three. I didn't dare ask why or what she was taking but I knew there were a few surprises and treats in store for me. Some things are just better left unsaid.
We left the house at about six in the morning with a full load of suitcases and two excited people in the car. It was about an hour's drive to the airport, not much was said. I think she actually slept as I drove. We arrived at the airport about two hours prior to our scheduled departure as I struggled with our larger luggage, as the man should. At least that's what she told me. We hadn't been together long but I was already catching on to the rules of the relationship. Something I've always loved about Mary is that she's all woman, not interested in woman's lib but more interested in reaping the rewards of being treated like a lady.
We checked our bags through security and went through airport security without a hitch.....then came the waiting. Our Flight was late as something was wrong with the scheduled airplane expected for our flight so a replacement plane was sent to the airport. After waiting an additional four hours for our flight to come in so we could begin our journey we finally boarded the airplane. We were now four hours late for our connecting flights but were assured everything would be taken care of by the airlines.
Our plane left the ground at noon that day as we were scheduled to arrive in New Orleans originally at noon. Something seemed strange as it appeared we were making a big circle and losing altitude. The pilot announced over the intercom that we were going back to the airport as something was wrong with this plane!
To keep a long story short, we finally arrived in New Orleans a little after midnight. We were both exhausted but also not willing to waste the first day of our vacation. We immediately checked in, dropped our bags in the room and headed out the door to Bourbon Street. There must have been 50,000 people drinking, dancing and partying in the street. Women were showing their tits and being rewarded with beads for their generosity. Let's just say by the time we went back to the hotel to call it a night Mary had a few pounds of beads around her neck. Her tits were very popular that first night.
I couldn't believe it but we were both so tired after a full day of traveling and drinking that we both went to our room and went to sleep.
We slept in late the next morning until the maid service knocked on the door. As we looked at the clock and discovered it was after ten o'clock we both got out of bed. We agreed after a shower that it was time to explore the city as my wife had never been to New Orleans. If you've never been to New Orleans, it's a very easy city to find your way around. Bourbon Street is actually a very small, narrow street lined with open bars and restaurants. My wife quickly learned that her heels were not going to work as the sidewalks in New Orleans are all brick and rock, with many holes and ruts to avoid.
I played the role of tour guide that first day, taking my wife to the waterfront, buying tickets for the steamboat, visiting the casino, going to the outdoor marketplace and just exploring the french quarter. Again, by the end of the first day we were beat. But it was time to party!!!! So, we went to the room, showered again and changed. We had another wonderful night exploring as many bars as humanly possible in one night while staggering back to the hotel well after two in the morning.
Although tired, I did have the energy to enjoy a good fuck with Mary that night. I'm sure the neighboring rooms heard us as we ended up on the balcony with me bending her over the railing fucking her doggy for all I had. It was a wonderful climax to our second night in New Orleans. Little did I know that this was tame compared to what was in store for me.
The second morning was much like the first as we got up late. This morning after our showers we decided we were going to the casino early as I enjoy a little gambling now and then. We walked to Harrah's , it felt great as we entered and felt the air conditioning. It was about one hundred degrees outside.
We decided to gamble during the day to stay out of the heat. I did quite well and was up about six hundred dollars and definitely feeling the effects of the free liquor offered to us while we were at the tables.
For some reason I turned to my wife and said "Why don't we get married here?'
"Now? Today? This year?' Marry looked at me as if I were crazy. What surprised me most was what she said next. "Let's go get a marriage license!"
"No shit? You really want to do this?' Are we just drunk talking out our asses?"
"I'm serious, let's do it." Mary said. "Let's find out where city hall is and take a cab."
We left excitedly after asking the dealer to have someone get us a taxi. The taxi was waiting in front of the casino. We both got in the back seat and I said to the driver "Take us to city hall, Please."
While we we traveling to city hall we started kissing passionately. I could see the driver taking glances of us in the rear view mirror. I figured I'd give him a little show on the way and slipped my hand under Mary's shirt and started caressing her tit just to see if he was paying attention. At one point I lifted her shirt over one of her tits just enough so he could get a good look. At the same time Mary was rubbing my cock through my jeans. I could see we were really giving this guy a good show and he was enjoying it, squirming in his seat to rearrange what must have been a growing erection. Mary then started stroking my cock while it was still contained by my jeans, I thought it was going to break I was so hard.
I looked at the rear view mirror and noticed his eyes were on us more than on the road and that it was taking a very long time to get to city hall.....I figured I'd really give this guy something to remember and starting sucking Mary's tit as she released my cock from my jeans with a quick zip. I was shocked what she did next. She said to the driver "Do you mind if we have a little fun back here?"
Up to this point the driver had been very careful not to interrupt us, I'm sure he thought we'd stop if he did. The driver then said "Please continue with what you're doing."
Mary's lips found my cock and wasted no time getting right to work. She slurped and sucked my cock while the driver hardly watched the road. I think he was driving about ten miles per hour. It didn't take me long to get to the point of no return as she had my cock all the way in her mouth and down her throat. I came so hard and forced Mary's head to go as far down as possible, I thought she would drown. I came so hard I coulcn't control my grunts of pleasure.
Mary then sat up, pulled her shirt back into place and licked her lips so both the driver and I was aware that she had quenched her thirst for my cum. Then Mary said "Never missed a drop, you're cab is dry."
"Thank you." said the cabbie. I'm not sure if he was playing with himself or not during this entire episode but he was repositioning himself in his seat often.
As we reached city hall a few minutes later I handed the cabbie a twenty dollar bill as I noticed the meter read twelve dollars. "Keep it, it's on the house." said the cabbie. He then gave us his card and told him to call him when we needed another cab.
We both giggled like kids as we exited the cab and entered the city hall. We found the appropriate office and filled out the marriage certificate and found out we could get married as soon as the next day. I guess there's a twenty four hour waiting period to make sure there were no regretful hangover mornings.
As we exited the hall we noticed the same cab was still there waiting for us so we got in and told him to drive us to our hotel. We did pay him for that fare.
We did some research as we returned to the hotel. I called a little marriage Chapel, a limo company and made plans for the next day. I couldn't believe we were actually going to go through with this but I had no regrets, neither did Mary. We decided we needed rings so made plans to buy fake rings and replace them with something nice when we returned home.
We left the hotel and found a little trinket shop at the end of Bourbon Street, they actually had a few nice plated bands that would work for what we needed. We brought nice clothes with us and had decided what to wear on our big day. I had scheduled our little ceremony for eleven o'clock the next morning but started wondering if this was really what we both wanted.
"Are you absolutely sure you want to go through with this?" I asked Mary
She looked at me with a puzzled look on her face. I knew then that I had hurt her feelings. I moved closer and held Mary in my arms. "I'm sorry, I just want to make absolutely sure you feel good about this and have no regrets. I do love you more than I ever thought possible. I want you to be my wife forever, I really do."
I could tell I had just reassured Mary as she began to cry. I started to choke up myself and felt a tear run down my cheek. I held Mary closer and said "I love you."
"I love you more than anything on earth, you're my soul mate and I want you to be my husband." Mary said as she wiped the tears from her eyes with the handkerchief I handed her. "Then I want to take you back to the room and FUCK you better than you've ever been fucked." she said.
"You've already done that so many times but I'm up for you anytime, anywhere." I said as I wiped the tear from my cheek. "We are going to have such an exciting, wonderful life together, we're so much alike." "I love the fact that you're the first woman I've ever met who loves to fuck as much as I do."
"Well, I need to get to work making arrangements for tomorrow." I said. I called the chapel to make certain we had and did everything we needed to do to get married the next day. Flowers were being sent to the chapel, the limo had been scheduled to pick us up at the hotel and bring us back. I made special arrangements to have champagne chilled and in the room when we returned. I tried to not forget anything as Mary was busy calling family and getting everything ready for the wedding that she needed to do. She had to do her nails, hair, choose just the right jewelry and other private things she does in the bathroom with the doors closed. I love the fact that I've never once felt hair stubble on her anywhere......anywhere.
"Once we both felt we had done all we could do to be as prepared as we could be for the next day it was time to hit Bourbon Street again. Our motto on vacation has always been "We can sleep when we get home."
We started partying at about ten that night and did cut it short at about two in the morning knowing we had to be somewhat sober and proper for the next day. Knowing my wife, I knew she had to get up by eight o'clock to have her regular two hours to prepare and get everything just right. We did a little dancing, had a few drinks then went back to the hotel. When we got back to the room we both decided we could keep our lust in check until the next day so we could get a little rest. We went to sleep just about as soon as our heads hit the pillows.
We awoke to the sound of the alarm at eight o'clock. After my quick trip to the bathroom for my shower and shave I surrendered the room to Mary for what I knew would be a no-Bill zone for the next few hours. I've learned to finish my business quickly and not interrupt Mary if we're sharing a bathroom. Thank God we have separate bathrooms at home.
The time was approaching ten o'clock and Mary was still doing her thing in the bathroom. With hesitation I knocked on the door and said "Mary, the limo will be here in twenty minutes." I held my breath as rushing Mary is rarely the right thing to do. To my surprise Mary opened the door and stood in front of me smiling. She looked more beautiful than ever before.
She had on a knee length off white dress, spaghetti straps, showing her best assets with a little lift that made them look like basketballs. She was in matching high heels and carrying a matching purse. Damn, she looked nice.
"I'm ready, let's go." I could sense the nervousness in Mary's voice. I held her in my arms and told her how much I loved her.
We left our room holding hands. As we exited the hotel we noticed our white limo parked directly in front of us with a handsome man in a white tux holding the door open. "Good morning, please make yourselves comfortable and enjoy." he handed each of us a glass of champagne as we entered the limo.
"This is absolutely perfect. I really do love you." Mary whispered as she kissed me softly.
"I love you." I was so nervous I could hardly hold the glass steady.
We arrived at the chapel just before eleven o'clock. The chauffeur opened the door and held his hand out to steady Mary as she exited the car. I followed and thanked the chauffeur as I took Mary's hand as we approached the chapel door. The chauffeur opened and held the door open to the chapel as well.
I won't go into great detail about our little ceremony as it was quite simple, short and sweet. There were only three people present including the lovely lady who performed the ceremony. It was just perfect for us. Both Mary and I couldn't hold back the tears as we recited our vows. It was the happiest moment of my life.
As we exited the chapel our friendly chauffeur was waiting and escorted us back to our limo for the ride back to the hotel. The ride was actually quite uneventful as we were both very quiet as I held Mary close in my arms. I think we were both a little shocked that we had actually gone through with it, we were Married!
We got back to our hotel room, changed clothes and left quickly to get something to eat. My new wife and I hired a horse drawn carriage to escort us to lunch. We traveled the streets of the French Quarter and made a quick stop at the country's oldest pub to get a drink as we proceeded to our lunch time destination.
We had a wonderful lunch and later walked to the waterfront for a ride on the riverboat. We had a wonderful time on our trip along the Mississippi river, drinking and enjoying the scenery. As our trip concluded and the boat docked we decided to make our way to the casino hoping for a little good fortune on our big day.
We spent a couple of hours gambling in the casino and being treated with endless drinks as we announced we had married today in New Orleans. The casino wasn't very far from our hotel but we were both feeling the effects of the alcohol so we decided to take a taxi back.
The taxi ride only took a few minutes so I really never had the chance to get Mary worked up in the cab but I did give her tit a little squeeze as she stroked me on the outside of my shorts. It doesn't take much to make me hard and Mary loves to tease so she couldn't resist slipping her hand up my shorts and giving me a little tug just to let me know her intentions.
We arrived at the hotel, cleaned up and went straight to the first bar we heard music coming from as we exited our hotel. Inside was a Cajun band playing with quite a crowd dancing and enjoying the upbeat tempo of the music. Center stage was a man playing the washboard (I guess it's a Cajun thing) and inviting ladies from the audience to join in playing the extra washboard circulating around the bar.
We went straight to the dance floor after getting our drinks. It didn't take long for the man with the washboard to notice my wife as she was shaking what were by far the finest tits in New Orleans. She was on stage within the first ten minutes with the little man already fitting her to her washboard.
Of course he had to give her a quick lesson how to play and her tits didn't go unnoticed as he couldn't keep his eyes or hands off them as he stroked the washboard. Mary is a HUGE flirt so she was playing this up for all she had, bending over for all to enjoy as her tits swayed to the vibrations of the washboard.
We never did go to a different bar that night as the band found out it was our wedding day and drinks were on the house. We were both really feeling pretty drunk by midnight and had attracted the attention of a young lady. I thought this gal was a lesbian as she was all over my wife for most of the evening. Every time we sat down from a dance the young lady would ask Mary to dance with her.
The dances were getting quite provocative as the two of them were rubbing their tits together and I even noticed them exchanging a little kiss at one point. The little lady joined us at our table after dancing with Mary for a bit and we all introduced each other as the flirting continued between the two ladies.
Before I go any further I think I should describe our new friend. Her name was Chantell. She was a beautiful little black lady, 26 years old from Texas. She was quite tall, I'd say about five feet nine inches, thin, petite tits, braided hair and beautiful full lips. She was on vacation with her girlfriends but they had all tired early and left to return to their hotel. Chantell was all alone so we invited her to party with us.
During our conversation we told her we married that day and she seemed to change moods a bit until I notice my wife giving her a little wink. Mary told me that she's always wondered what it would be like to be with another woman but never dared to actually pursue that fantasy. I knew these thoughts were going through her mind as the flirting continued between the two ladies.
Mary then shocked me by whispering in my ear "Chantell likes you almost as much as she likes me. I have a crazy idea. Would you like for me to see if she'd like to come back to our room?"
Holy Fuck!!!! Did I just hear what I think I heard? On our wedding night? "Hell yes, if that's what you want." I said sheepishly.
"It would be kind of kinky if she would."
Kinky? It's every man's dream!!! Glad I didn't say that out loud. My cock was getting hard just thinking about the possibilities.
My wife asked Chantell to dance again so they were back on the dance floor immediately. I could see that Mary was saying something to Chantell while they were dancing. What happened next about made me pop a nut right at the table. Chantell motioned with her finger for me to join them on the floor, then she blew me a kiss.
How the fuck am I going to contain this growing erection to actually get to the dance floor without them noticing? I repositioned as best I could tucking myself in and got up from the table to join them. I could see both of them staring at my crotch.....damn, busted.
I joined the two lovely ladies as we danced and was surprised at what happened next. I found myself wedged between these two gorgeous, sexy ladies being rubbed and dirty dancing the night away. I felt two set of hands grabbing my ass and rubbing my cock as we danced. It was a good thing the dance floor was crowded or we would have been thrown out for sure.
Was I dreaming this? Was this really happening? I swear my cock was trying to burst through the fabric in my shorts and they were both very aware of this. They were enjoying teasing me to the point of pain.
This went on for a couple more dances, then we took our seats back at the table. It was around two in the morning now. As we sat back down I found myself seated between the ladies, at least now my evident bulge in my pants was under the table....but so were their hands!!!
It wasn't a few seconds after we sat down that I felt both of their hands on my legs, both rubbing closer to the jewels. I couldn't take much more of this. Next came the most surprising moment of my wedding day. Chantell touched my face with her hand and turned my head, kissing me passionately on the lips. At the same time Mary slid her hand up my shorts and gave a little tug on my cock assuring me that all was well with her.
Our lips parted and I turned to look at Mary as she whispered in my ear "Let's go to the room, all three of us." Mary stood as Chantell and I stood as well. I couldn't believe what was happening. Fuck, I really did just marry the woman of my dreams. She was going to fuck me with another woman on our wedding night!
As we left the bar, a woman on each of my arms, I could see many eyes looking at us. Luckily our hotel was just next door. We all walked into the hotel together and actually got a wink from the person at the hotel desk as we made our way to the elevator. As soon as the elevator doors closed the women again wedged me between them as we all shared kisses. Me kissing Mary, Mary kissing Chantell, Chantell kissing me, our hands all over each other. Before the elevator door opened I did get to feel Chantell's tit, It was very firm and her nipples were hard.
The doors opened and we all practically ran to the room like kids as I fumbled for the key card to get in the room. I unlocked and opened the door and we were all three in the room. I was the first to claim the bathroom in anticipation of what was about to happen. I pissed, washed my face and did my usual cock cleaning as I wanted to taste and smell clean. A quick shot of cologne and I was out. Mary was next to use the bathroom but Chantell went in with her. Do women do this everywhere?
They both came out of the bathroom after about five minutes, I didn't know if they'd ever come out. They must have been talking things over, who knows?
I wasn't sure whether I should have had my clothes off or if that might be too forward. What the fuck was I thinking? We weren't going to watch television or play cards. I was lying on the bed in my underwear as they approached the bed. Both of them looking at my underwear, I think.
But, they didn't come to me. Instead they embraced and kissed passionately. They were both standing at the foot of the bed kissing, I mean really kissing, standing in their bras and panties. At almost the same exact moment each woman removed the other woman's bra. I though I was fast unsnapping a bra but these ladies made me look like an amateur . They were grinding their tits, kissing with hands massaging each others' tits. I couldn't fucking believe what I was watching. My cock was at attention and my boxers looked like a tent.
The two ladies got on the bed with Mary on her back. Chantell was removing Mary's panties with one of her hands massaging Mary's tits. I knew what was going to happen next. Chantell sucked one tit, then the other. Then her tongue traced it's way to my wife's pussy. I thought Mary was going to explode immediately as Chantell's tongue grazed the lips of my wife's shaved pussy. It was as if an electrical current had touched her pussy. This was just too good to be true but I couldn't just stand there watching, I had to do something other than just sitting there with my cock standing at attention.
As Chantell's tongue flickered in Mary's pussy I could see Mary's ass lift from the bed to meet every lick. She was forcing her pussy into Chantell's mouth. God, this lady was a better pussy eater than me!
I had to get in the act as I kissed my new bride, my tongue in her mouth as Chantell's tongue was in her pussy. My hands joined Chantell's hands on Mary's tits as there was more than enough for both of us. Her nipples were erect with excitement. Then I had to suck Mary's tits, this put her over the top as she began to cum. She came so hard. I knew Chantell was getting a soaking as she lapped Mary harder. My lovely wife was shaking and quivering with delight. I could feel my cock oozing pre-cum already
I couldn't believe what happened next as Mary said she's never been with a woman. (hmmm, has she?) Mary pushed Chantell's head away and motioned for chantell to lay down as she removed Chantell's panties. Christ, these ladies didn't beat around the bush.. Chantell was also shaved with a beautiful pink pussy. I swear I could already see her clit as she anticipated my wife's next move.
Mary went straight for her pussy as I kissed Chantell's lips. Her lips were full and receptive to my advance. These were lips of every man's dreams, cock sucking lips. You guys know what I'm talking about... We kissed passionately as Mary made her way down Chantell's body and had her first taste of another woman's pussy. Her body arched as Mary's tongue flicked within her pussy. I separated from our kiss as I just had to see this for myself. I watched as my wife was licking like a pro. Then I needed more, I moved toward Chantell's breasts and kissed her nipple. Her nipples were harder and larger than Mary's even though her tits were half the size. I nibbled and sucked as Mary nibbled and sucked her pussy.
I could tell Chantell was about to cum as her breathing became rapid, her body arching upward to receive Mary's tongue deep in her pussy. I was sucking Chantell's tits with one of my hands tracing her pussy so I could actually feel my wife's tongue working that pussy. I discovered my wife was fingering her as well. Chantell was so wet, cumming while my wife worked magic with her tongue. I could see her release as her ass settled back to the bed. This was the hottest thing I had even witnessed, porn star sex!
Then their attention turned to me, almost like jackals attacking a zebra. Mary stood up, coming around to the side of the bed as Chantell switched places with me. I was now lying on my back as the two ladies faces approached my rock hard cock.
Mary was the first to grab the base of my cock and lick the pre-cum from the tip as Chantell joined her on the bed. Chantell's tongue was actually touching Mary's as they both licked the tip of my shaft. I swear I had a spoonful of pre-cum oozing from my cock. Then they both started running their tongues the length of my seven inch cock, first at the tip working down to my balls. Chantell was the first to actually suck my balls into her mouth as my wife's lips devoured the entire length as their lips almost touched. My wife had my cock all the way into her throat and held it that way as Chantell ran her tongue across her lips, circling my cock.
I can't believe I didn't shoot my load right then as I was living a dream. My wife was going up and down the length of my cock with her mouth as Chantell was licking up and down on what my wife left exposed of my cock.
Then as I was really getting into the rhythm of them working as a team Chantell's mouth was on my cock. She make it look effortless as she engulfed every inch right down to my balls. Mary always made it look like it was a little difficult to deep throat me but this lady slammed my cock down her throat as if her clit was in the back of her throat waiting for my cock. I could feel her tongue on the underside of my cock working as she forced my cock deep down her throat. Mary joined by licking and sucking my balls and was kissing Chantell's lips as they devoured me. It's as if we were all three in contact with each other at the same time even though I was getting the best blow job of my life. Chantell had such full, soft, fuckable lips. She was a true expert at the art of sucking cock and I was the lucky recipient tonight.
They switched places, first Mary sucking with Chantell stroking my shaft, then switching places. It was getting very difficult to not explode.
Then Mary said "Fuck her pussy for me. I want to see your cock slide in and out of her pussy."
I didn't even get a chance to roll over to mount her before she was positioned over me with her pussy hovering over my cock. Mary's hand was holding my cock as if it were an offering as Chantell slid down my pole in one movement. Her pussy felt so good and wet with my wife's hand still holding my cock. Her cunt engulfed my cock as she held her position firmly to the base. This woman wanted to fuck, now. She wanted all of my cock too.
I could feel her lift as she raised her body until my cock almost escaped the wetness of her pussy, then she plunged back to my cock's base. I felt something different happening and realized my wife was now licking what was exposed of my cock and balls and I was being fucked from above. I'm certain my wife's tongue was also flickering the pussy as well as Chantell would hesitate momentarily as I felt her pause and quiver.
I couldn't believe I was about to say "Switch positions ladies."
As if they were a tag team who had worked together many times, they quickly switched as my wife's pussy was now pounding my cock. Chantell took position as her lips met mine. She was kissing me feverishly as my wife was pounding her pussy with my cock. I was thrusting my ass upward as I met her downward motion burying my cock as far as I could into her cunt while a tongue was devouring my mouth. My cock was sliding in and out of her pussy with my balls slapping her ass.
I could see that both ladies were caressing each others' tits while kissing, fucking and sucking me. We were like a three person tag team fucking machine, like animals at this point. No more gentle shit here, I was pounding my wife's pussy and commanded her to stand and lean over the edge of the bed. Instead, our visitor did just that as Mary positioned herself under her as I was about to drive my cock into her pussy. I should know by now you can't tell a woman what to do, they'll do what feels good when they want to, no complaints from me though.
The ladies were now making out as I was before. They were each grabbing each others' tits as if they were trying to devour each other. Then I made my move, I drove my rigid cock into Chantell's cunt as hard as I could. I could feel her tense as she arched her back and screamed with please.
"Fuck her hard, fuck her good, make her cum" commanded Mary as I pounded my cock in and out of her cunt. She came almost instantly as I felt her push back toward me and she got so wet, she was a squirter! I kept pounding her wet pussy, I could hear how wet she was. I fucked her like this until I could see my wife begin to look left out.....her turn!
I withdrew my cock from her as they switched places. I wasted no time as I plunged deep into my wife's cunt, pushing as hard as I could as I held her shoulders so I could drive every last bit of my cock into her pussy . I know I had never been so hard in my life as I started pounding my wife's cunt.
"You're so fucking big tonight! Fuck me harder! I'm cummmming."
Mary screamed.
'I knew I couldn't take much more so I said "Who wants my cum?' as they both said at the same time "I do!"
I flopped onto the bed and ordered them to suck me and share the cum. Both ladies attacked my cock as if my cum was the prize. First one sucking as the other one stoked me, then the other.
I could feel myself about to erupt and exclaimed "I'm going to cum!!"
I lifted my ass off the bed as if to force them down my cock as I felt the eruption building. I could feel the pressure build from deep inside as my muscles tensed. I grabbed a handful of each lady's hair as if to not let them escape. The pressure was building as never before.
As waves of forceful cum began to build I felt like a volcano about to explode. Both women had their mouths and hands on my cock milking me for my hot cum. The first spasm of cum shot out of my cock like a water balloon bursting with my wife catching the cum in her mouth as her lips surrounded my cock. She almost choked as my cum hit the back of her throat as she greedily swallowed. Another hard spasm with a shot for our visitor as Chantell's lips surrounded my cock. That spasm as hard as the first knowing this beautiful stranger was tasting my nectar. She and Mary continued pumping, slurping and sucking as I shot spasm after spasm. Cum was oozing and exploding from the head of my cock with none going to waste as both were swallowing, sucking or licking off the others' face and lips as I kept cumming for what seemed like eternity.
I know I came harder and more that night than I even had ever cum. The pressure behind my orgasms was so intense and long lasting as I felt my cock contract as each wave of cum escaped my body with force.
As I was milked dry and had no more cum to offer my eager recipients, we all collapsed on the bed spent from exhaustion, each satisfied sexually with a memory to last a lifetime. Our guest stayed for a while as we both thanked and kissed her goodnight.
We will never forget our wedding night as we both agreed it was a perfect ending to a perfect day for the beginning of our unconventional marriage. Little did we know that it was just the beginning of many sexy adventures. My wife gave me a fantasy threesome on my wedding night and I continue to try to find the perfect guy to return the favor to her. We made love again that evening, just the two of us a few hours late. I awoke with my wife sucking my cock. My cock was already hard again before I was even awake. We were both so horny with the memory of what had just happened. I could still taste the flavor of Chantell's pussy on my wife's lips. I mounted Mary in the missionary position as we fucked until we both came again. I just wanted to feel her body close to mine, didn't want to let go. We both quivered as we came and realized how lucky we both were to have found and married each other.
To this day, seven years later, I still feel the same love and lust I felt the night of our wedding. We have never had (duty) sex as we're both always eager to give as well as receive pleasure from each other.
As we enjoy our lives, I'll enjoy writing about these adventures as they happen. My wife is perfect for me, we are truly soul mates. (and so fucking kinky!)