I was awakened when Jim came into our dorm room and said, "Hey, wake up, man, Dana's showering in our bathroom." I was still a bit groggy; Dana, the tall girl from across the hall? Holy shit, it was time to checkthisout. I grabbed my bath stuff and headed over, remembering now that she'd had to crash in Butch's bunk while Butch was sleeping over with Annette, his girlfriend, who was Dana's roommate. A few steps more, and I was into our suite's bathroom -- the dorms here have eight-man suites, with four shared dorm bedrooms and one shared bathroom -- and there she was, in the shower, with the shower curtain left (deliberately?) half open. She knew it, because she was talking to the guys standing outside. I had heard that she led some sort of naked party at the Phi Sigma house a few weeks ago, but I'm not a frat member, so I wasn't there. The guys had been teasing Dana last night before we hit the sack, with Jim saying to her, "We all know that you walk around your own suite naked, and we want you to feel right at home here, so you don't need to change a thing. And I saw you walk back to your room from the shower a few weeks ago, so I know that's true." I hadn't been too big a part of the teasing, but I was there.
When she was done with her shower, it was like a goddess stepping out, like Botticelli's The Birth of Venus, but without the long hair covering her lady parts. Dana was magnificently tall, 6'1 or 6'2, maybe even 6'3, I wasn't sure, with a gleaming alabaster body, obviously toned by a lot of exercise. She was a redhead, and obviously a real redhead, as a lush bush of fiery red below matched her thick hair above. A lone tattoo on her shoulder marred her appearance. I hadn't paid all that much attention to Dana before, because she is so obviously out of my league, but here she was, showing off for everybody. Dana didn't cover up after getting out of the shower, but went to one of the sinks and started brushing out and blow-drying her hair, like the seven guys crowding around her were nothing. Then Justin took his turn in the shower, reducing the crowd around Dana a bit. I started to brush my teeth at another sink, not only because I had morning mung mouth, but because I figured that the angle would improve my view of this gorgeous girl. Yeah, she waswayout of my league. I finally focused in on that shoulder tattoo: it was a picture of a purple heart medal, which seemed strange on a girl.
When Justin, and then Jim, finished in the shower, I took my turn. I don't know why I did it, because I would never have imagined myself doing so, but I pulled off my boxers -- that's what I had worn to bed -- in front of everybody and walked into the shower stall. There's enough of an anteroom to the stall itself for people to hang up their clothes and towels without getting wet that I didn't have to do that, and never had before, but I did so today. Still, I couldn't tell if Dana had really noticed me with six other guys, half of them naked, and all of them taller than me, trying to chat her up. I did hear Mark say to her, "You know, you are killing us here."
"Hey, isn't this what you asked me to do? You guys said that you wanted me to walk around naked," she replied. I left the shower curtain open myself, but Dana finished her hair and walked out of the bathroom before I was done.Darn!
By the time I was done, and had gotten back to my room and gotten dressed for the day, she was gone. It was Sunday, so I didn't have any classes, though I did have a lot of studying to do; exams were just a week away! I wish that I could say I was a brain, and could just breeze through my exams without a lot of work, but that isn't me. I wound up at my desk, looking through my notebooks, but I just couldn't concentrate. I had a package of Brown Sugar-Cinnamon Pop-Tarts om my desk, such being my great breakfast, but the words in my notebooks were just a blur. When Jim came back in, I had to ask him to tell me more about Dana.
"What's she really like? And what's with that Purple Heart tat on her shoulder?"
"What, you didn't know? She's a vet, man, and she got wounded in Afghanistan."
"I didn't think that girls were allowed in combat."
"Supposedly, they're not, at least women aren't assigned to combat positions, but things get pretty messed up over there, I gather, and she was in a firefight with the Taliban. I don't think it was a serious wound, a bullet in her shoulder or going through it or something like that, but still, she's tough. The chick is just plain awesome. Why? You interested?"
"Any guy who sees her would be interested; she could make a gay guy go straight! Is she seeing anyone?"
"She had been dating Larry, our frat president, but that didn't last long. I'm not sure why they broke up."
Then I asked the question I had to ask: "I don't know this Larry; is he as tall as she is?" I tell everyone who asks that I'm 5'7, but 5'6½ is more accurate.
"Well, he's taller than you are, about my height, but still a lot shorter than Dana. Hey, she doesn't have a boyfriend right now, and didn't seem to date a lot before she hooked up with Larry, so you might as well go for it. The worst thing that can happen is that she says no."
"No, the worst thing that can happen is that she laughs in my face and calls me a munchkin."
"She doesn't seem the type to do that. Oh, she might say no, 'cause she's an EE major and has a bunch of studying to do before finals, and she might not be interested in you, but she's not the type to deliberately humiliate you."
"Is she a brain?"
"She's smart, no doubt about that. She speaks a couple of Afghan languages, and Mark said something about her knowing Latin as well. She's smart enough that I would have expected her to have a bunch of scholarships, and maybe she had a couple, but she's here on either the GI Bill or an ROTC scholarship."
"OK, so she's not from some rich family then?"
"I don't think so, but I don't really know. Look, if you want to ask her out, then ask her out! Yeah, you're a lot shorter, but you're also the most muscular guy here, so that might impress her. You go to the gym a lot, and she obviously works out, so you've got that in common. I don't know if she goes to the gym, but she does run. C'mon, man, ask her out."
"I guess I could ask her out for lunch; that's not too serious, and might be less likely to get a rejection."
"Dude, you're overthinking this. Ask her out, and she'll either say yes or say no. You might as well get to it, before someone else beats you to it. Besides, the longer you wait, the closer exams get, and you don't want to be worrying about Dana with exams coming up."
"OK, I'll ask her out for lunch, but not at the campus cafeteria. Too many potential 'friends' might join us."
"So, get to it!"
"It's only 8:30; I'll wait until around 11 to ask her, try to make it look more spontaneous."
"Whatever, man, just don't chicken out."
With that, I resolved it to myself: I'd go over to the girls' suite a 11 AM sharp, and ask her out. With that, I was able to concentrate a bit more on calculus. God, I hate calculus!
Time dragged on and on. I had set a specific target, that I'd go to her suite at 11, and not a minute either before or after, and Jim was probably right that I was overthinking this, but if I don't set goals like that, nothing ever gets done. I tried studying, I checked out the Weather Channel to make sure it wasn't supposed to rain, and I tried to figure out a great opening line. Somehow, I couldn't come up with anything better than, "Dana, would you like to go out for lunch with me?"
Thoughts of old girlfriends kept coming to mind. I didn't have a lot of dates in high school, because most of the girls wanted to date tall guys. I played football, partially because the girls liked the football players, but I wasn't a fast or quick runner, and got stuck in the unglamorous position of guard. I was short and strong, which really helped, because I was able to get underneath position on taller guys, which gave me good leverage, and it got me started working out, and by my senior year I was pretty good, but because of my height, I didn't receive any football scholarship offers. Being good and a starter helped some with the girls, but all of the girls I asked out were the really short ones, and I struck out with a couple of them as well. Why is it that five foot girls all want six foot guys?
I had a couple of dates with Sharon, but they never went anywhere; she just wasn't going to get serious. I had better luck with Pam, which led to some hot make-out sessions, and we lost our virginity together after the senior prom. We screwed like rabbits for a couple of months after that, but I didn't think it was really going to last, and I wound up getting dumped in last July. Here at York, I had real problems getting up the nerve to ask out girls: the ones I thought were cute always seemed like they were out of my league, and the ones who didn't seem out of my league didn't really interest me that much. I did ask out one kind of cute girl, but it never really went anywhere: neither one of us had a car, so we were stuck with 'on campus' dating, which isn't very exciting. I did discover one really good diner down on Market Street with her, and that's where I figured I'd take Dana.
It was 10:45, so I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth and gargle some mouthwash before I headed over to Dana's suite. I picked out a tank which showed off my pecs and my arms, thinking that I'd need some advantage asking out an Amazon goddess like Dana. I checked the time on my cell phone, and knocked on her suite at 11:00 on the nose.
"It's open," came the voice of one of the girls in the suite, so I went in. It wasn't Dana who had answered, but she was in the common room, in front of the television.
"Hey, Dana, would you like to go out for lunch?" I managed to get it out without stumbling over the words or stammering. Iwasgoing to be strong and forceful. Too bad there were four other girls listening to this. [Gulp!]
"Sure, I'd love to. Where to?" Oh my God, she saidyes!I was in Heaven!
"There's a little diner down Market Street, a pretty good one, if that's OK. It's in walking distance."
"OK, let me grab my shoes and purse." She got up and went to her room for a second, and I quickly patted my back pocket, to make sure that I hadn't forgotten my wallet! The other four girls were grinning at me, giving me a thumbs up, and Megan added, "Way to go, stud."
Dana came out with an insulated vest on, but I wasn't cold at all, despite it being only about 55º F outside, so I just stuck with my muscle shirt. We walked down Market Street to this wonderful diner, and chatted about nothing. We talked a little bit about each other, what we did and what we had planned. I wasreallyimpressed by her service in Afghanistan, but was worried that she was even more out of my league than I had thought. She was just so darned impressive, had done so much, and was just so drop dead gorgeous that I was just plain a bit intimidated. Still, she seemed very down to earth, and was a lot more approachable in person than anyone would ever guess by looking at her. Then, she up and surprised me: I was trying to figure out a way to spend more time with her than just a lunch date when she suggested that we hit the gym together this evening. Hey, I was all for that! It didn't hurt my feelings at all that I'd get a chance to impress her with what I could lift.
We dragged out lunch as long as we could get away with it -- hey, a diner does have to keep customers moving through -- and I took the tab before Dana could even think about splitting it. I had asked her, not the other way around, so it was my obligation to pay. I didn't want to look cheap, but I also didn't want to look showy, so I left a tip right at 20%. Besides, 20% is easier to figure out in my head than 15%!
We didn't walk back to campus too fast, which gave us more time to chat. I thought that the date was going pretty well, and then Dana took my hand to hold while we were walking back. Man, I was on cloud nine with that, and it sure didn't hurt my ego that people could see this absolutely stunning girl walking with me. I had been doing my best to be in charge and assertive, and it seemed like Dana liked that. She was giving me the confidence to keep going.
As we got back to the dorm, Dana told me that she had a couple of hours of homework to get done, and that she wanted to let lunch settle before we hit the gym, which made a lot of sense, so we agreed to meet at 5:00 PM to head over. She gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, which she initiated and I wasn't expecting, before she turned into her suite. It was kind of weird, having her bend down to kiss me.
Jim was the only one who knew I was going to ask Dana out, and he didn't say anything, so none of the guys razzed me about going out with her. I headed back to my room to get in some more studying, but my head was no more into it than it was this morning. At 4:30 I got on my gym clothes, to make sure I was ready when she arrived. Sure enough, right at 5:00, she walked right in -- the suite door was usually unlocked during the day -- and got me. The guys started razzing me about going to the gym with Dana, but then she took my hand, and all of a sudden the guys shut up. It was a rush walking across campus with Dana holding my hand; we looked like the odd couple, holding hands, with her being so much taller than me.
Well, once we got to the gym, I was in my environment,and I was going to do my damnedest to impress this girl. After some warm-ups, she went straight to the bench press. After a couple of sets with lighter weights, Dana put on 135 lb, which is really huge for a girl, and did five reps with me spotting her. This chick wasstrong!But this was where I knew I could impress her: after some lighter sets, I put on my max of 225 lb. The most I've ever managed at 225 has been eight reps, but I was determined, and got in ten reps today.
After some light cool down exercises, Dana wanted to do her Army physical fitness test reps, which consisted of sit-ups and push ups. She knocked out 100 sit-ups, and I stayed right with her. Those hurt, but I sure as heck wouldn't let her beat me at those. Then she went to push-ups, and I mean real push-ups, not the from-your-knees push-ups that girls do. She did forty of them, which she said was the Army PFT standard -- later I found out that that was the standard for men -- and I just had to top her score, and did 55 push-ups, thisafterI had killed myself on the bench press. We then did some light circuit work, more as a cool down than anything else, but I was done, totally beat by that point. Still, when we got back to the dorm and she said she needed a shower, I responded, "Your place or mine?"
I didn't really expect that one to work, but she said her place, asked if I wanted to join her and I was quick to agree. Oh, my God, I loved it, while we played with each other a bit, it didn't lead to actual sex. I wanted to, and I think that she wanted to as well, but held me off and said it'll happen, but not tonight. Well, I was so worked up that maybeshewasn't going to have sex tonight, but I sure was!
Of course, while I wanted to take care of my blue balls right away, I didn't get to: the guys were on me asking for details. Honestly, it was like having a suite full of girls rather than guys! I told them that not much had happened, but it was obvious that I had just gotten out of the shower, and denying that I had been in the shower with Dana, when they had already figured it out -- and could ask the girls across the hall anyway -- was useless. We'd basically given each other a shower, and she had soaped up my cockverythoroughly, but there was no actual sex, oral or vaginal. Trouble was that the guys wouldn't leave me alone long enough to take care of the horns Dana had left me with.
I grabbed some bologna and mustard out of the minifridge and made myself a couple of sandwiches, since I hadn't had anything since lunch, and tried studying again, which worked just as well as it had the rest of the day. Finally, I crashed for the night. Luckily, I woke up earlier than anyone else, and was able to take care of my horniness in the shower before any of the other guys got in there. It felt as good as ever, especially imagining Dana in there with me, but it was still a big letdown from what I had hoped would happen.
That Monday kind of sucked; I had hoped I'd run into Dana on the way to the cafeteria, but missed her, and then started beating myself up for not just going over to her suite and asking her to have breakfast with me. Of course, the college cafeteria isn't much of a date. I had an 8:00 AM class, so I couldn't hang around to wait for her. I had hoped to see Dana during the day -- she's easy to spot from a distance -- but never saw her.
And classes were brutal: even though we had finals next week, homework got piled on, and I couldn't even think about going over to the girls' suite to try and find Dana for dinner. I had grabbed a few wrapped sandwiches from the cafeteria, and headed back to my dorm to slog through the work. It was already 8:30, and I was still at my desk, with too many books open and too many papers scattered around, when she just walked in the room.
Holy shit, no preliminaries, no foreplay, nothing! She shut the door behind her and threw this pink satin shortie robe on my bed and grabbed me for a deep kiss. She pushed me down to sit on the edge of the bed, reached down and pulled off my t-shirt, and then started to unbutton my jeans. I raised up my hips a bit, and she pulled off my pants and underwear with one motion. I was thinking that, oh boy, I'll bet she gives great head, but that never happened: I was still kind of sitting on the edge of the bed, with my cock standing straight up, when she just got over the top of me and sat right down on my cock, guiding it straight into her pussy. She was already soaking wet, and started riding me hard. She pushed me back down into a kind of awkward position, laying across my bed, but with my feet still on the floor. I wasn't fucking her; she was fucking me, and there wasn't anything I could have done about it. Dana had her hands down on my chest, kind of digging her fingernails in slightly, and after only a few slow strokes was slamming down on me hard.
It was a good thing I had taken care of myself this morning, because even in that awkward position I could feel myself getting really close for a huge orgasm. I wanted to hold off, but wasn't sure that I could for very long. Fortunately, I really didn't have to: she was horned up big time, and in almost no time was screaming "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" A few seconds later she was screaming something wordlessly, and came in a huge, body slamming orgasm.
That was all it took for me: I arched my cock into her as deep and ad hard as I could, and filled her sopping wet pussy with my cum. Then I heard the cheers from the guys standing outside the door. At least Dana hadn't left it open!
Then she asked me, with kind of a girly giggle I hadn't expected from her, "Did you have fun?"
"Holy shit, Dana, what brought that on?"
"What, you didn't like it? You don't think I raped you, do you?"
"No, no, heck, I loved it! But I sure never expected this to happen like this."
"Hey, sometimes a girl has to do what a girl has to do!"