Julie and Henry found another envelope taped to their door and found the most explosive message yet inside.
THE EB & T BULLETIN
MRS. JULIE SCHAFER AND MR. HENRY JOHNSTONE ENJOYING BREAKFAST AFTER ANOTHER ROMANTIC NIGHT! FROM THE HAPPY SMILES AND SATISFIED EXPRESSIONS, IT APPEARS THAT THE COUPLE CONSUMMATED THEIR AFFAIR LAST NIGHT! WE FEAR THAT MR. SCHAFER IS NOW A CUCKOLD! WE WILL ATTEMPT TO MAKE CONTACT WITH MR. SCHAFER FOR A COMMENT ON THE SITUATION. COULD THERE BE A HENRY AND JULIE JOHNSTONE IN THE FUTURE?
Henry blew up. "Jesus Christ, this is too much. This is no joke, this is harassment! Somebody is going to pay for it! I've thought about every possibility and there is only one person that knew about the Mabel Synthron hoax who might be doing this - your god damn fucking husband! If I find him I'll beat the shit out of him!"
If Henry had been under more control or had looked down at Julie, he might well have tempered his language and threats aimed at Mark. Standing up, her face a mask of fury as she almost screamed, "Just shut up Henry! You will not use those words talking about my husband! He is an absolutely wonderful man and I love him with all my heart! I've done a horrible thing to him and almost certainly have lost him because of a ghastly mistake I've made.
"You will speak of him with respect anytime you are around me! I have no idea as to how he could be doing these things, but if, somehow, he is responsible, he certainly has the right to! Now, speak politely if you would like to explain your suspicions! One other thing, he would beat the shit out of you in ten seconds he ever gets you alone after what we did last night!"
Henry stood there, his mouth literally hanging, totally aghast as he saw this raging wildcat with reddened eyes glaring at him. It was like having a pet lapdog suddenly turning into a wolf ready to rend him limb from limb! This submissive woman, who yielded to his will on every occasion, had reached her breaking point and he was in danger of losing her - and her body! He quickly backtracked. "Julie, I didn't mean to offend you! I had no idea that your husband meant so much to you! I'm so upset and distraught over these 'bulletins' that I lost my head. I'm sorry and I'll be more circumspect in the future."
The apology mollified Julie somewhat and she calmed down, but it was noteworthy that Henry's control over her never returned to the level it had been from the time she became his executive assistant. This conflict and his general behavior on the cruise began to undermine the infatuation and respect she had for him. "All right, just keep my feelings about my husband in mind. Now, why do you think that he is responsible for these bulletins?
Whether or not Henry was really contrite or not, he was under control when he answered. "When we decided on that phony bulletin notice about you and Mabel Synthron, it was not put in general distribution. We had one of the printers run off a few copies although we needed only the one to divert your husband's suspicions. I had thought that someone might have gotten hold of one of those extras and decided to fool with me. I'm certain that didn't happen after seeing people at the conference.
"These things obviously are being made right here on the ship - the pictures are current - so it's not someone back at the office. So, who had that first Bulletin and would want to continue harassing us? Your husband!"
"But that would mean that he is on board of this ship!"
"Exactly! I think that the first thing we need to do today is to go down to Guest Relations and look at the passenger list and find his stateroom number! He would have to use his own name because you have to have your passport to register. We'll just have to convince him to stop!"
"Oh god, Henry, I couldn't face him! You...you...you fucked me last night!"
"Yes, and he said that we 'consummated' our relationship last night so he already knows or, at least, assumes that. He can't know for sure, but it was a logical deduction."
"Well, let's go down and check. I'm afraid that your logic is correct but if you're right, I still don't think that I can face him. He...he said that about being a cuckold. That breaks my heart knowing that it is true."
Across the corridor, Mark was fascinated by what he had heard. He knew that sooner or later - and probably sooner - one or both would figure that he was the Bulletin provider. What really startled him was the way Julie attacked Henry, demanding that he not use derogatory and disrespectful language about her husband. She had no idea that Mark could hear her defense of him, so her words had to be taken at face value. Her remorse and self-condemnation was honest and, obviously, deeply held. Her declaration of her love for him obviously came from her heart.
Even more, her impassioned and vehement attack on Henry was totally unexpected because it potentially could have a bad impact in the future. She minced no words in that attack, not concerned about any damage it might do to her prospects in her career. This was a very different Julie than the one who accepted anything uttered by Henry as law! Totally unexpected and very interesting!
Julie and Henry arrived at Guest Relations and approached a uniformed agent behind the desk. "Hello, I'm Henry Johnstone in Suite 1640. We have a friend who is supposed to be on board, but we haven't been in contact with him yet. Could you look up his stateroom number for us? Just looking around for him just isn't working! This is a big ship!"
"It certainly is. Let me bring up our passenger list. Ok, what is his name?"
It's Mark...no, Marcus Schafer - I assume want his passport name, not his nickname."
"Correct. Let me see now. We have a Juliet Schafer in 1640 - wait, that's your suite!"
Julie spoke up, "Yes, I'm Julie Schafer and our friend has the same last name. That's how we met!"
The agent looked at her with a questioning look on her face but just said, "Well, I'm sorry but you are the only Schafer on board. Your friend evidently didn't make it or he changed his mind."
Henry tried one more time. "Is this a complete list?"
The agent gave him a peculiar look and replied frostily, "Of course! It's a legal requirement."
"Well, thank you. That certainly explains why we haven't run across him."
The two of them went over and sat down in the Champagne Bar area and just stared at each other. (If they had looked in a chair behind them they would have seen a disguised Mark settle in within earshot!) Julie was the first to speak. "Well, that shot that idea down! I couldn't see how Mark could have gotten on this ship, but it certainly made sense. I think I'm happier this way because, as I said, I honestly don't know how I could have faced him."
"I am really shocked! He's not here under his own name and he can't be here under another name, so that theory is wiped away. If it's not him this is really weird! He at least has a reason to mess things up, but if it's not a joke and not your husband, who the hell can it be? What can be the motive? This has been one screwed up trip so far. Your suitcase has the wrong clothes. My suitcase never shows up. These damn EB & T Bulletins keep showing up! Well, we got our answer here. Let's go up and see more of the ship and then have some lunch."
"That sounds good. I think that I would like to go into the water this afternoon if I can figure out how to wear that suit safely."
Early that afternoon, Mark was listening as Julie and Henry were preparing to head for the pool for the first time. He heard Julie say, "I've been looking forward to this but I'm really worried. This suit just doesn't fit me right and it's more revealing than I've ever worn before. If I stand still and erect, everything is fine. However, look at what happens if I twist sideways" Darn it, both nipples slip out! If I turn my hips, the pants shift and hair shows! I need a very empty part of the pool if I try to swim. As I said yesterday, I may just go in and stand in the water."
With a grin that had been missing on their two days on the ship, Henry commented, "Or you could make all the men's day more exciting and just ignore those little problems! A little nipple slip livens up the libido!"
"Well, I have no plan to raise anyone's libido unless it is yours and you don't seem to need that! Let's go."
They left, wearing the robes provided in the suite, followed a few minutes later by Mark and his omnipresent camera. He finally saw Julie standing on the steps of the main pool and was astounded by the brevity of her suit. He watched her through the camera lens and understood her concerns. The top was just two triangles of cloth that barely covered her breasts and the pants, if you could call them that, were two slightly larger triangles held together, front and back, by a single string. She obviously was very nervous as, holding herself very erect, she worked her way down the steps into the water.
She moved about gingerly, continually checking to see that her breasts were covered. She clearly was uncomfortable and after no more than ten minutes indicated to Henry that she was leaving he water. She lay down on a deck chair and was soon joined by Henry. Mark, seated a row behind them, heard her say, "I just couldn't enjoy it. I should be able to get a suit that fits better in San Juan tomorrow. The water felt good, though."
There was a whirlpool hot tub in front of them and Henry climbed partway up and called back down, "There's no one up here, Julie. You won't have to worry about your suit."
She promptly joined him and disappeared from Mark's view. He climbed a set of stairs up to the deck and running track above the pool area and found a spot just above the whirlpools. He sat down on the deck, hidden by a light standard, with a perfect view of Julie and Henry relaxing in the hot, bubbling water. He was just above their eye level and a hundred feet or so from them. The whirlpool was seven to eight feet above the pool deck, had a sun shade over them and no one in with them. Perfect conditions for some private playing around time.
There was no sound, of course, but through the telephoto lens, Mark could see Julie shaking her head no while probably giggling at Henry's suggestions. It looked as if she finally shook her head and said something like "Oh, all right!" as she sat up higher and let her breasts rise up above the water. Her suit was completely out of the way and two hard, erect, pink nipples projected upward from the mounds of her breasts. Whatever reluctance had inhibited Julie from exposing her breasts was gone as she flaunted them in the open air.
Mark's camera was busy, of course, and he recorded Henry reaching over and fondling the breasts and tweaking the nipples. Then, taking it a bit further, Henry slid his arm around Julie's back and pulled her onto his knees, raising her out of the water to her waist. Reaching under her arms, he grasped a breast in each hand and floated her out onto the surface of the roiling water. As her body floated upwards until she was flat on the surface, her concerns about her pants proved prescient. They were pulled aside and well over one-half of her triangle of dark pubic hair was exposed. It was a very erotic sight and Mark's cocked hardened despite it being his own wife in that whirlpool!
How long the sex play would have gone on or how far it would have gone couldn't be answered because in a moment of sheer panic, Julie realized that someone else wanted to soak in the bubbly water and was coming up the steps. She quickly ducked her body under the water and frantically got her top in place. Fortunately for her equilibrium, the bubbles clouded the water and she was able to more calmly put her pants back to where they belonged. Nonetheless, her face was still red from embarrassment as they left the whirlpool.
As they hurried back to their suite, she was still upset, asking, "I wonder how much they saw? I know his head was above the rim before I realized he was there! I couldn't hear him over the water noise. The other guy too."
"Don't worry about it Julie. Forget it. He saw your tits! So what? I'm sure he's seen tits before!"
"Damn it, he hadn't seen my tits before! He probably saw my pussy hair too. I just couldn't get myself under the water quickly enough!"
"Oh, come on Julie, the water and playing around was fun wasn't it? We were way up there in the air and above of all those people at the pool. Two guys may have seen your tits and cunt. You'll never see them again and you probably made their day!"
"All right, I guess so. It was fun, but those two guys had better not turn up at dinner." Finally, she giggled, adding, "Actually, they probably never even saw my face!"
"I thought that the whole thing was sexy and it got me hot. Look, we already have our clothes off. Why don't we do something about it?"
"It's the middle of the afternoon for heaven's sake! Let's wait for tonight."
"We can do it then, too. Come on, Julie, I want to fuck you after playing with you in the whirlpool."
There was no reasonable excuse to deny him and, Julie admitted to herself, despite her embarrassment, being seen by those strange men had turned her on after the shock was over. Consequently, twenty minutes after they left the whirlpool, she was on her back with her legs in the air as she directed Henry's hard cock into her cunt. There had been no foreplay, not even kisses, but her vagina was fully lubricated and the cock went in full length with no opposition. Oddly enough, both of them were picturing the same thing - Julie floating on the water, virtually naked, exposed to anyone who happened to look. Julie never had had an exhibitionist inclination, but it seemed to have appeared from somewhere!
Both of them were hot and the cock pistoning in and out of her caused their arousal to mount quickly. It was Julie who began the pre-orgasmic motions first, jerking up at Henry, grinding and twisting against him as she reached orgasm. She held herself rigidly against him as she went off, giving him a perfect target as he pounded into her, finally exploding deep within her, filling her cunt with his cum.
It's amazing how sated and exhausted a person is after an active bout of fucking. Breath is short, the heart is pounding hard and muscles are weak. Henry collapsed down on Julie before gaining enough strength to roll off. Lying beside her he finally croaked out, "Damn, that was good! You had better keep that suit! It works wonders!" As there had been no foreplay, neither was there any of that Dr. Ruth afterplay. Once again, no cuddling, no loving comments or gestures - just two exhausted and satisfied individuals. Both were pleased with the way things had gone.
After their vigorous exertions it was no surprise that they fell asleep. When they got up it was obvious that there was one thing that was different - Julie had lost any hesitation in walking around the suite completely nude. When she came out of the shower she started to wrap herself in a towel as usual and decided, 'Why bother, he's seen and used everything already! The heck with it! After dressing, they took a pleasant stroll through the Promenade where there were counters offering "fabulous" sales to grab customers at the end of the second "at sea" day.
They had dinner and were going back down the passageway, pleasantly full and happy about the day's activities and talking about plans for San Juan tomorrow. They hadn't quite gotten to their door when Julie almost shrieked as she saw another envelope taped there. "Oh my god, no! I hoped that there weren't going to be more of those!"
What they didn't know, of course, was that while they were happily fucking and sleeping, Mark was hard at work downloading a large number of sexy pictures of Julie exposed in the whirlpool. That weren't really salacious nor would they be X-rated in what they showed, but they provided real fodder for the EB & T Bulletin - as the two of them were about to discover!
"This is unbelievable! Who the hell is doing this? Obviously it's someone on the ship, but we've ruled out your husband and I'm certain that none of the people I know at the conference are playing a joke on me! It's too damn serious to be a joke anyway. Could your husband have hired someone to do this?"
"Don't be silly. If nothing else, my husband wouldn't have the money to do this. Good heavens, he would have to buy someone a ticket on the ship!"
"Maybe he knew someone who already was on this cruise. Look, I know that that is absurd, but this whole business is off the wall. Well, let's look at what we have this time."
THE EB & T BULLETIN
WE WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH A DOUBLE ISSUE TODAY BECAUSE THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN MRS. JULIE SCHAFER AND MR. HENRY JOHNSTONE IS CLEARLY SHOWN TO BE MORE THAN JUST FRIENDS. WE HAD ASSUMED THAT A MARRIED WOMAN SPENDING A WEEK SLEEPING WITH A TWICE DIVORCED MAN WENT BEYOND FRIENDSHIP, BUT WE WERE NOT PRIVILEGED TO SEE INSIDE THEIR STATEROOM SO WE HAD TO MAKE ASSUMPTIONS. HERE ARE TWO PICTURES DISPLAYING MRS. SCHAFFER'S DELIGHTFUL BODY IN A JACUZZI-TYPE WHIRLPOOL WITH MR. JOHNSTONE'S HELPFUL PARTICIPATION! ENJOY!
The two pictures certainly did show Julie's assets clearly. The first showed her arching up, thrusting her bare breasts out for Henry's edification. The second showed her floating, held up by Henry's firm grasp on those breasts, her legs parted with her dark, curly pubic hair nicely exposed!
"Jesus, how did they get those pictures? We were by ourselves, completely alone above the pool. These were taken from right in front of us... right in front of us! You can see every detail, particularly my hair! You're holding my breasts! It's impossible! I...I...I'm scared!"
"I have no answer for any of this. It seems to be impossible but I keep coming back to the idea of motive and that's your assh..." Stopped by an intense glare he had received from Julie, he continued, "sorry, your husband. Are you certain that he knows about us?"
"I can't be absolutely certain, of course, but I think so. I don't believe that phony notice fooled him at all. In addition, when he asked me who was going with me, guilt was written on my face. In addition, Mark has a genius level IQ and he knows me like the back of his hand. I'm certain that the biggest mistake I've ever made or probably ever will make is coming on this cruise. Frankly, I was just arrogant enough to think that he would forgive me, but damn if I know why. I gave up that illusion some time ago. Unfortunately, it's too late now and I don't see why Mark would go through all of this trouble. As the Bulletin says, the assumption of adultery is obvious and should be enough for a divorce."
"That's a real shame, Julie. Maybe it won't be that bad."
"I can always hope, but I'm not optimistic. He warned me about choosing career over my marriage and that's what I did. He said that there would be consequences and I ignored him. In any case, I am still scared about this Bulletin thing. Recovering somewhat, she continued with a wry smile, "They did refer to my 'delightful ' body! It's not all bad!"
"Enough of this! We don't know what's going on and right now there's nothing we can do. Look at the bright side. Tomorrow we dock in San Juan and we can get some clothes! For now, that Beatles Revue we wanted to see is on in twenty minutes. Let's go and find some seats."
The following morning after breakfast, Julie and Henry left the ship and found that the information they had been given was accurate - a short distance from the ship was the promised Ralph Lauren factory store! It wasn't of value to Julie, but Henry was in his element. Within a very short time he had a pile of clothes worth hundreds of dollars at the register. Handing his credit card to the clerk he turned to Julie and said with a beaming smile, "I can't believe it! Shirts, pants, underwear, socks. No more washing my damn shorts and socks each night!"
Then the boom was lowered. "Mr. Johnstone, I'm sorry but your credit card was declined!"
"What! That's impossible! What the hell! Here, use this one instead." Unhappily - for Henry, not Mark - all of his cards were denied. Fortunately, Julie calmed Henry's attack on the messenger, the poor clerk, for, as they started to return to the ship, he offered some advice.
"With your credit cards not working, there is no way you are going to be able to pay the prices we charge. These are cruise port prices! Obviously I am not going to be able to sell you anything so my honest advice to you is for you to go back to your ship and get whatever cash you have. In addition, the ship will give you a limited amount of cash charged to your account with them. Then go to a cheaper place. There are plenty of regular clothing stores in town, but there's a Walmart Supercenter on the Avenida de la Constitucion near here. It's almost walking distance, but a taxi will get you there in less than five minutes."
Julie and a very disgruntled and angry Henry thanked him for his advice and returned to the ship. One thing that she had found out about Henry was that he did not handle crises and setbacks well. This imperturbable man was anything but. "Come on, Henry, calm down. You can figure out what happened to your credit cards later. Let's see how much cash we have and get ourselves to that Walmart store. Damn it, they sell everything we actually need. They won't be fancy brand names but you can get underwear, socks and shirts that will be fine for this trip. Pants too. I probably can get a decent bathing suit - you too for that matter."
Ultimately Henry cooled off and, as the store clerk had said, the large Walmart store was a very short cab ride away. Sometime later they returned with three very large bags, with, humiliatingly, 'Walmart" prominently printed on them. When they got to their suite, Julie joked, "Well, now I can have my Walmart flip flops and my Walmart bikini to go with my Walmart panties and my Walmart bras! Very chic!" She paused, and, as an afterthought, she said, "Henry, we're in Porto Rico, part of the United States! Your phone should work and you can check on your credit cards!"
"My god, you're right! Why the hell didn't I think of that?" He quickly got his phone out and hit the number of his office. While he talked, Julie sat out on the deck and looked over the cruise port at the city of San Juan, thinking, "There's a nice city to tour right over there and here I am just looking instead of visiting! So far all I've seen is a Walmart Supercenter - Wow! I wonder what marvelous thing I'll see next?
It was close to an hour later when Henry appeared at the doorway, his face livid. "Somebody is going to pay for this! I called the office and got Jenny, the secretary. She had two credit cards for me in her desk. It turns out that all my credit card issuers, business and personal, received calls, supposedly from me, indicating that my cards had been lost or stolen. Of course they immediately cancelled the cards and issued new ones - sent to my home or the office! Somebody had all my card numbers!
"Finally, I called the Visa card issued by our own damn bank and, after going through all that question and answer security, they offered to send a replacement card to the ship at our next port of call! Our next port of call is Labadee, Haiti which is nothing but a place owned by Royal Caribbean, not a city. So, they will deliver a replacement card to Charlotte Amalie, St, Thomas! That's better than nothing, but after St. Thomas, we're at sea until we get home so it won't be of much use.
"The big deal, however, is that somebody is fucking with me! My suitcase disappears despite being delivered to the ship, these bulletins and pictures showing us together with their suggestive comments, someone apparently hacking into my records to get my card numbers - this is far more than a joke, far more than a jealous husband! I have no idea about what's going on, but when I find out, somebody's going to suffer!"
"I don't know if this is aimed at you, me or both of us, but it certainly is creepy! It feels like a camera must be aimed at us even there is no one near us. It's really intimidating. Still, I don't know what we can do except ignore it and hope they'll stop if we don't react. Let's look at the bright side. You have regular shirts to wear, plain khaki pants instead of those logo things and, most important, you can quit washing your shorts and socks every night - you have new ones! And I have a bikini which isn't as pretty as I would like, but at least my tits will stay in the top and my pussy hair will stay in my pants!"
She paused, thinking of their purchases and, despite her concerns about being watched, she suddenly laughed. "We bought all this stuff, but one thing we didn't get that you have to have is a suitcase! I can see you putting all these clothes back into those Walmart bags and carrying them through customs! There's something you can use the credit card for in St. Thomas!"
The pleasure they received from finally being able to buy some of the clothing items they, particularly Henry, needed was somewhat diminished by another EB & T Bulletin stuck on their door when returning from dinner. This one drove Henry into another rage-filled tirade for a different reason - he was embarrassed and, in his own mind, humiliated! There was a picture of him and Julie returning from their shopping trip as they made their way through security, those Walmart bags prominently displayed.
THE EB & T BULLETIN
WE HAVE A PICTURE OF OUR TWO INTREPID TOURISTS RETURNING FROM AN OBVIOUSLY SUCCESSFUL SHOPPING TRIP TO THAT EXCLUSIVE HABERDASHERY, WALMART! WE WILL LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING THE ELEGANT AND STYLISH OUTFITS THE ALWAYS WELL-DRESSED MR. JOHNSTONE WILL BE WEARING WHEN HE RETURNS! WE HAVE WONDERED WHERE HE GETS THOSE SUITS, ETC. THAT HE WEARS WITH SUCH PANACHE. NOW WE KNOW AND WE'RE SURE THAT HIS COLLEAGUES HERE AT THE BANK WILL BE DELIGHTED TO SHARE THAT INFORMATION. IT APPEARS THAT MRS. SCHAFFER SHOPS AT THE SAME FASHIONABLE STORES!
This time it was Julie who had to calm Henry down. He was raving as he stomped up and down the room, swearing to inflict serious damage on, first, the person who took the picture, and second, on anyone who responsible for that slander. Julie was upset because the message revealed, once again, that they were under continual surveillance, but this message was far less personal than previous ones. She actually was amused at Henry's behavior at first for he was reacting like a popinjay, but the amusement quickly faded. For some reason that she did not understand fully, he seemed to be extraordinarily concerned about his image - Henry Johnstone just didn't shop at Walmart!! This was pure ego and showed a very shallow, self-centered mentality and further eroded her respect for him.
He finally cooled down and the following two days were largely uneventful. Julie and Henry got off the ship at Labadee and found nothing there to keep them ashore. There really was no beach and, while there were water sports, neither were interested in jet skis, etc. The most interesting thing was watching people zoom down zip lines, four across, from a distant peak. Back on board Julie was able to relax while swimming in a more discreet bikini.
The following day, in St. Thomas, Henry's credit card arrived by courier to his complete satisfaction and his good spirits returned. There was a large mall near the port, but when he offered to look for a cocktail dress or gown for the next, and last, formal attire dinner, Julie declined. Frankly, while attending that dinner in a beautiful gown had its appeal, she just didn't want him to buy it for her. Him doing so the first day of the cruise would have delighted her, but that was no longer the case. Instead of shopping they took a tour up a winding road to a peak from which there was a beautiful view from a thousand feet of the entire harbor. That day there was no bulletin, making the two of them hopeful that the surveillance of them was over.
Actually, Mark spent those two days relaxing, himself. He had watched Julie and Henry moving throughout the ship and knew that there was nothing new to report on. They used the pool, ate and drank, went to shows and, in general, acted like regular passengers - which, of course, they really were. He had studied their behavior in public and found it boring. Still, he learned things. When they rode the glass-walled elevators, they stood separately, almost as if they were not together. Other passengers stood together, often with the man's arm around the woman.
When strolling through the Promenade, they rarely, touched, rarely talked. There always were big sale events - watches, jewelry, logo items, tax free liquor - but not once did he see Julie find something interesting and call Henry over. Actually they walked along together but separate like, for example, an uncle and a niece. Bluntly, no one would ever have taken them for lovers - or, more to the point, two people sharing a stateroom while engaged in an adulterous affair. In fact, other than that very unusual situation in the whirlpool, they had no personal contact outside of their suite.
Inside the suite, however, things were very different in a way, but the same in others. Every day Mark downloaded the recordings of his wife engaged either in sucking or fucking, sometimes both, but he either fast-forwarded through them or else looked for specific behavior. The physical penetration was of far less importance to him than seeing whether his wife was being emotionally involved with that other man. What would have crushed him would have been seeing her in a true love-making situation.
Now five full days and into the sixth, this one an "at sea" or "cruising" day, Mark sat in his cabin contemplating a last Bulletin which he had prepared. Should he put it out for them and, tomorrow do what he had planned before embarking on the cruise from Cape Liberty - i.e. send her the divorce papers. Things had change drastically since he had made his plans for vengeance. Ever since that day when Julie cruelly clicked "send" to cancel their fifth anniversary honeymoon cruise he had assumed that their marriage was over because she had rejected him over Henry and her career.
As he sat there he reviewed the things that had changed his perspective about that assumption. Two things had completely altered that perspective. The first came that second day, of course, when he had been verbally attacked by Henry who, accurately, of course, blamed him for the bulletins, using vulgar language. When Julie erupted and attacked Henry it showed Mark something that he had thought was gone - her respect and her deep and very sincere love for him. This was not grand-standing to impress him. She had no knowledge that she was on camera. She had been seduced by Henry in part by his personal appeal, but also by his role in her career prospects, something that was very important to her. Antagonizing her boss by a vicious verbal attack on him was not likely to improve those prospects, but her reaction was instantaneous and heartfelt.
That visceral, instinctive defense of him caused Mark to sit back, mentally, and reconsider his and Julie's whole relationship - she had put him first without thinking. Later, even when she did have time to think of possible repercussions, she would not permit any derogatory language from Henry. Her clear and deeply felt remorse removed much of the sting of what he had seen as a complete betrayal. Again, this was not a woman caught in adultery by her husband attempting to limit the damage and retribution. It became obvious to him that she honestly did love him and that her relationship with Henry most certainly was not a love affair.
That was the second thing that had altered his view of everything pertaining to this cruise. As said before, Mark watched the recordings looking for specific behavior, specifically emotional behavior, and he didn't find it. It was real love making - the intimate gestures, the lingering kisses, the spontaneous touching, the soulful glances - that he expected and feared, and it wasn't there! Julie never turned down Henry when it came to sex, but she never initiated it. If he wanted oral sex, i.e., to be sucked, she accommodated him and performed fellatio with expert skill but with seemingly no emotional involvement at all.
For practical purposes, the same thing was true in fucking. There was a routine procedure. She would come out of the bathroom completely nude, prepared for bed. Henry would pull her to him, kiss her while fondling and squeezing her breasts and say things about her "lovely tits." He would move down and kiss and nip her nipples while running his hands through her curly pubic hair. After this moderate amount of foreplay, he would move between her legs and, with expertise, use his tongue to arouse her. He would mount her with her hand putting him in and he would fuck her.
When aroused and entered, it wouldn't take long to have her actively participating. Knowing her, Mark expected to see her humping up and down, writhing around as her excitement mounted. He also expected to see her have an orgasm since she was a very passionate woman when engaged in sex. Oddly enough, that didn't particularly disturb him. What he really dreaded never happened! Not once during all the times they had sex did Julie say anything that even hinted as emotional closeness. Henry occasionally addressed her as "honey" or "dear," and once as "sweetheart," but she never called him anything but Henry.
Other telling evidence came from the only two times he tried to enter her without cunnilingus first. In both cases he had kissed her and played with and fondled her breasts but he was so eager to fuck her that he omitted licking her. On neither occasion was he able to penetrate her because she was almost completely dry. Neither he nor his tit fondling had done anything for her. He had to pull back and use his tongue to lubricate her cunt sufficiently to get into her.
The same lack of emotional connection was shown after having intercourse. There was no afterplay other than a few brief kisses and a few routine, pro forma comments - was it good for you, yes, I loved it, etc. In every case it was obvious that, despite having an orgasm, Julie's reaction was more of relief that it was over than recalling the pleasure. There were several occasions in which it appeared to Mark that she had actually faked the orgasm. Even after that first fucking he had seen that Julie's smile afterwards was clearly forced, almost a grimace!
This question of orgasms became more important when Mark began going through the sex scenes for the purpose of grabbing still pictures from the recordings to make prints to show adultery. Usually he fast forwarded through those recordings so there was no sound, but now, as he selected separate scenes, he became aware of something unexpected. "What the hell!" was his reaction? He went to other scenes, listening to Julie as the climax was reached, and then jumping ahead to the next passion point. Finally, after going through five days and nights of watching his wife being fucked, he sat back and thought, "I'll be damned!
"I counted ten times when he screwed her and she didn't have a real orgasm with any of them!" As recounted before, whenever Julie reached orgasm she emitted a shrill melodic exclamation of pleasure. The sound that Mark always teased her about "hurting his ears," just wasn't there! "She undoubtedly went off at some level while they were fucking, but she never had her usual powerful explosive orgasm! Even more, as I said, I really believe that she faked it a couple of times! Man, this is not what I would have expected! He certainly doesn't do it for her!"
So, the emotional connection was not there nor was there the excitement of a great sexual experience. What was there? Well one thing that Mark did discover as he watched them closely those first two days - and nights - was the grip Henry had on her. She wasn't exactly obsequious in dealing with him but she showed a submissive side to her personality that Mark had never seen before.
He didn't order her around, but any suggestion was virtually a command and any statement was seen as gospel. Their relationship that first day was still mentor-novice. She obviously had great respect for him and by the time they boarded the ship, her mind had been thoroughly seduced and her body was ready. The biggest surprise that first day was just how completely subservient she was to him and it explained better than words how she had been conned into forsaking her marriage and her husband.
If that situation had continued, things undoubtedly would have ended as Mark had expected when he embarked on creating the "cruise from hell," but changes began almost immediately with Henry's missing clothes. It was Henry's ranting and raving, with invective, that revealed a side of him that she had never seen. His ultimate mistake, of course, was attacking her husband and bringing out the totally unexpected "momma bear protecting her cubs" reaction. Not only did that reaction cause Mark to reassess his feelings about Julie, it changed the relationship between Julie and Henry. It broke the thrall he had over her and, suddenly he wasn't the dominant figure he had been.
The suitcase rant and his attack on Mark began the complete disillusioning of Julie vis-à-vis Henry. It was partly familiarity - instead of seeing Henry as that formal, impeccably dressed handsome man, she now saw him either in pick-up clothes or, frequently, naked. She heard his irascible complaints instead of carefully thought out, carefully modulated comments. In other words she was spending a week with a real person instead of an icon! She became an iconoclast! She had been seduced, but reality eroded what it was based on. In many ways she was a very different person as the cruise approached its end than she had been they boarded.
Mark was certain that she really loved him and he knew that he loved her. He still had questions about what their relationship could be. What did he want? That was the real question. Could he get past what she had done before the cruise as well as her physical intimacy with Henry on the ship? He was pondering a question that Dear Abby (or was it her sister, Ann Landers) told betrayed wives to ask themselves when deciding to go or stay, "Are you better off with him or without him!"
Obviously, it's the same question that husbands, like Mark, should ask. He knew he preferred to be with her, but not with the queen bitch. What would she be like when she returned home - still with her obsessive commitment to her career? What would her relationship be with Henry when he was back in his normal surroundings? He decided to wait and see. Meantime, he would go ahead with a current bulletin he had prepared and to his preset plans for the last day.
Consequently, when Julie and Henry returned from dinner with plans to attend a musical revue in the Palace Theatre later, they found the usual white envelope taped to their door. Julie was almost in tears as she pulled it off and carried it into the room. "Dear god, I thought that we were finished with these! Whoever is doing this has kept it up the entire cruise and I've dreaded seeing one on the door every time we come down the passageway. I had finally thought it was over. What does the damn thing sat this time?"
Henry opened, looked at it and, without comment, passed it to her. The tears did come this time as she read:
THE EB & T BULLETIN:
OUR READERS BACK HOME HAVE BEEN INQUIRING ABOUT THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN MRS. JULIE SCHAFER AND HER HUSBAND SINCE SHE APPEARS TO BE QUITE INTIMATE WITH OUR MR. HENRY JOHNSTONE. WITH BETTER INTERNET CONNECTIONS AVAILABLE IN ST. THOMAS, WE FINALLY WERE ABLE TO GET IN CONTACT WITH THE HUSBAND, ONE MR. MARCUS SCHAFER. MR. SCHAFER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE IS WELL AWARE OF HIS WIFE'S ADULTEROUS RELATIONSHIP WITH MR. JOHNSTONE AND IS IN THE PROCESS OF TAKING THE OBVIOUS STEPS TO REMEDY THE SITUATION.
Julie sat on the end of the bed, softly sobbing as she asked, "Henry, do you think that they really have been sending these things back home? Did they really get in touch with Mark? What...what do you think will happen is this is spread around our office - or even the whole bank?"
For the first time in a while it was Henry calming Julie down. "I don't believe it for a minute. The internet service on this ship is so slow that it would be impossible to transmit the pictures they've had in these bulletins. This is nothing but a deliberate attempt to harass us - which is why I still believe that your husband is behind it! Who else would think that it's worthwhile? He certainly isn't on board, but he had to have arranged this somehow!"
"Well, whoever is doing it has succeeded! I...I know that this is adultery and I have hurt my husband horribly and being reminded of it like this is awful. But I deserve it!" Finally, she blotted her eyes and gave Henry a timorous smile. "Well, at least there were no provocative pictures with this one! My new suit kept my tits and hair hidden! Let's go down to the theatre. It's early but we can get good seats. I don't feel like staying here."
The following day was a typical last day of a cruise - sorry to see it end, but eager to get home. It was a very nervous day for Julie because tomorrow would tell her a great deal about her future. Julie had attended several of the seminars held on the "at sea" days including a wrap up that afternoon and actually had done some networking so the official reason for being on the cruise was satisfied. Henry didn't bother. They did a lot of things for the last time and after dinner they put their packed suitcases outside their door so they could be collected and removed to be taken to the terminal tomorrow and picked up there after disembarking. They left the suite to attend a last stage show and returned to their suite.
Suddenly, as they returned and came down the corridor, Henry let out a curse as he saw another envelope taped to the door. "Jesus Christ, they just won't quit, will they! Whoever is doing this should be shot! They've had us looking over our shoulders this entire damn cruise!"
However, as they reached their doorway, they saw that this envelope was different from the others. Instead of a blank, white surface, this one had "JULIE" in large print on it. As she nervously and apprehensively opened it, she pulled out a pretty "Happy Anniversary" card. She had been all too aware that this was August 23, but this was totally unexpected. It contained a trite message containing the usual platitudes, but a much more personal and painful note was written below.
"Dear Julie,
This has always been a very important day for us and tomorrow was to see us embarking or our long-planned fifth anniversary honeymoon cruise and, perhaps, starting a family. There are no words to tell you how regretful I am that it is not to be. It was just about a month ago that I tearfully said that our marriage was a wonderful thing but you killed it. I find myself every day with my eyes filled with smoke.
Mark"