I went to the park one summer day wearing a denim miniskirt with no panties, and a thin white tank top stretched across my braless C-cups. I took the side way into the park, through the small village graveyard, and intersected the path which led to a tributary off the nearby creek. The path seemed to abruptly end at the brook, but having jumped its waters and sojourned onward once, I knew that about a mile into the forest was a soil BMX pit where muscular dudes smeared with caked mud flew their rugged bikes into impressive arcs and flips. I had kept walking that day, watching them from a distance until I came upon a meadow that shouldered up to the creek. Though I saw houses in the distance, I slipped out of my silk camisole and cutoffs and lay, naked, in the grass letting the sun warm my exposed flesh. When I had crossed back to the park that day they had been gone.
I was counting on them being there today. I needed some male attention.
I leapt across the stream and started my journey towards the BMX pit. When I sensed I heard shouts in the distance, I rummaged for my phone and turned on the video recorder, slipping it carefully back into the pouch on my crossbody tote. Finally, their lithe bodies came gleaming into my view, thick-haired young boys, early twenties, awash with testosterone and sport. As I neared them I did not hide my lascivious gaze, letting my vision sweep their bodies: firm pectorals, veiny biceps, taut stomachs, bulging packages in their shiny shorts.
I wasted no time. I sat down at the edge of the pit and fished a cigarette from my bag. As I inhaled the creamy smoke, I opened my legs to expose my engorged clitoris, my slick, smooth pussy lips puckered and pink, primed for an eager cock. One of the guys noticed, stopped his bike and stared. I held the cigarette between my painted lips, used both hands to pull my tank top down, down, until my breasts sprang up from their captivity and bounced into place. The other two guys stopped their bikes and stared, as the first biker began to walk towards me. I held his gaze, took my left breast into my hand and eased my nipple up to my mouth, tasted my ample areola, like a sweet copper penny on my tongue.
I smoked as they gathered, massaging their crotches and glancing at one another uncertainly before training their eyes back on my rack, between my spread legs. I got hotter and wetter as they began to caress my waiting breasts, run their unsure hands up and down my legs, extend cautious fingers into my slippery vagina. I felt three sets of fingers in me at once, teeth on my left nipple. And then one guy, the blonde, was kissing me roughly, his erection in his hand. His buddy, the black-haired one, swirled his fingers inside me and then slipped them around to my ass, fingering. The redhead exposed his hard cock and put my hand on it. He was uncut, and I massaged his foreskin back and forth along his shaft. He leapt up beside me and forced me back against the ground, placing one knee on either side of my face. He guided his throbbing cock into my mouth and lay over me, thrusting hard against the back of my throat.
The black-haired guy eased me over onto my side and the redhead readjusted me so that I was up on one elbow, taking his cock down my throat. The black-haired guy penetrated my ass with his spit-shined cock, stretching my asshole as he prodded with all his girth. The blonde, meanwhile, pulled me closer to the edge of the pit and thrust his cock, wet with pre-cum, into my salivating pussy. All three holes were filled to the brim with cock, every nook and cranny being interrogated by dick. The redhead was the first to come, after I sucked his foreskin to the end of his dick, and then pulled it slowly out from between my lips and teased his head rapidly. His hot cum spurted down my throat, so thick and ample I almost choked. He pressed into my mouth, his cock sliding down my throat, my lips at the base of his penis. The black-haired one came next, exploding into my ass, his dick jerking like a wild iron rod as he came.
I felt his cum oozing onto the soil when he pulled out. He withdrew his phone from his pocket and took a snapshot of his semen dripping out of my ass, with his sated penis in the bottom of the frame. The redhead took notice and withdrew his phone, lay his twitching penis across my mouth and snapped a photo as I stared up at the camera, doe-eyed. The blonde, still pounding my pussy, gave a moan, and drilled me harder. I reached down and massaged my clitoris, the pleasure building and building until I came hard against his throbbing cock, and I was still quivering when he pulled out and exploded all over my tits. He, too, extracted a phone from his pocket, only he held open my pussy lips to photograph the gaping vagina he had left in his wake.
I dressed quickly, still high, and began my journey back, leaving them to their games, momentarily fulfilled and content.