When morning arrived, Jen jumped out of bed, giddy with excitement. Her trip to Brazil started as another boring business trip accompanying her husband, but had taken an unimaginable turn. The trip was now the most exciting ever. Jen was still full of electricity from the fucking Pablo and John had given her last night. Jen was still in disbelief how good Pablo's giant cock felt inside her. She had no plans for the day, so she decided to ring Pablo to see if he would show her around town again. He said he would and to meet him in the lobby in an hour. So, Jen jumped in the shower to get ready.
They met in the lobby and took a taxi down to another retail district with shops and restaurants. They strolled past a number of shops looking in the windows. They continued conversing for a while and Pablo suddenly stopped walking. Jen turned to look back at him to see why he had stopped.
Pablo asked Jen, "Please show me your panties so I may see the color today." Today, Jen wore a short zip up jacket and fluttery skirt. She expected, and hoped, Pablo would continue their naughty game and make her flash him throughout the day. So, she picked an outfit that would make it easier to do so. Jen looked around and didn't see many people on the street so she turned and faced Pablo and quickly flipped up the front of her skirt flashing him.
She asked, "Want to see the back too?"
"Yes," he replied. Jen turned her back to Pablo and flipped up the back of her skirt like she did the front. They continued down the sidewalk until they came across the lingerie store they had been in the day before. Pablo motioned for them to go inside.
"Here again?" Jen inquired. Pablo nodded yes. They entered the store and looked around. The store was significantly more crowded today. There were at least half a dozen couples in the store and ten or more women by themselves. They combed through the racks and Pablo grabbed several things for Jen to try. They went back to the dressing rooms and she started modeling the outfits for him one by one.
As Jen finished trying one outfit, Pablo handed her another. The latest number that Pablo gave her was a thong teddy made of lace and sheer. Jen slipped it on. The teddy was cut really high on the hips. The front only had two very thin straps going down her boobs that met just below her stomach. The front straps were only two inches wide, barely wide enough to cover each of her nipples. And on top of that, the straps were sheer so you could see almost all of her nipples right through them anyway. The section covering her pussy mound was also very narrow and sheer as well. This piece was definitely on the slutty end of the spectrum of lingerie.
Jen called out to Pablo, "No way, this is too slutty and doesn't cover anything."
Pablo said, "Please let me see."
"No, " Jen replied knowing there were way more people in the store today. She had no question that someone would see her if she came out of the dressing room that wasn't hidden enough from the rest of the store.
"Jennifer, please come out," Pablo said firmly. Jen was still under Pablo's spell like she had been the day before. She felt like a kid that would be grounded for two months if she didn't comply. So, reluctantly she slowly came out of the dressing room. Pablo motioned for Jen to spin around and she did as instructed. She started to walk back into the dressing room and Pablo stopped her.
"Jennifer wait," he said.
Jen stopped and pleaded with him, "Pablo, let me go. People can see me." Pablo turned and caught the attention of two gentlemen that were standing just outside the entry to the dressing area waiting for their wives or girlfriends in the dressing rooms.
"What do you guys think?" Pablo asked the two men. "Doesn't she look sexy?" The two guys had been polite and previously had tried not to be creepy and stare into the dressing area, but now they were given a free pass to check out Jen. Pablo continued, "Jen, turn again so they can see." Now horrified that the men were staring at her in this slutty outfit that didn't leave much to the imagination, Jen complied with Pablo's request and spun around.
The men replied, "Yes, that's hot." "She looks sexy for sure." Jen blushed and then ran back into the dressing room to change. She got dressed and Pablo took her to the cash register to check out. They bought several sets of lingerie, including a very sexy cup-less bra and thong set that Jen was thankful she didn't have to model for the other men in the store. Being slightly mad at Pablo, she didn't say anything until they left the store.
Once outside, Jen whacked Pablo on the arm and exclaimed, "I can't believe you." They continued walking some more and decided to stop for lunch.
After the waiter took their order, Pablo asked, "Did you like showing off the lingerie to me."
Still slightly mad at Pablo for putting her on display, Jen replied, "Yes. I guess so."
"Did you like the other men seeing you?" he asked. Jen thought long and hard about this question. Despite being mad at Pablo for doing it, she realized it did excite her to have the other men looking at her.
Jen softly replied, "Yes."
"Did it excite you?" Pablo continued.
Jen again replied, "Yes."
After lunch, Jen and Pablo continued walking past the stores until they reached the end of the block. They turned the corner and Pablo motioned for them to go into the next store.
Jen asked, "What is this place?"
Pablo responded, "A toy store." Jen was puzzled since the storefront had paint over all the windows and she wondered why Pablo would want to go look at toys. When they walked inside, Jen realized he did not mean a children's toy store. It was an adult toy store. The store had every kind of adult toy imaginable from a wall full of vibrators, wands, rabbits and dildos, to another wall of slutty lingerie and the other full of all kinds of bedroom bondage gear.
They wandered around the shop for a while browsing at all the different kind of toys. Pablo reached up and grabbed one of the vibrators hanging on the wall and handed it to Jen. It was a fairly standard cylindrical vibrator about seven inches long. It was shiny silver and fairly big in circumference.
As he handed it to Jen he said, "This one." Jen took the vibrator from him and examined it closer. It looked rather large to Jen. She thought to herself, of course Pablo would pick a big thick one, just like his huge cock. They took the vibrator up to the counter, checked out and left the store.
After leaving the sex shop and walking a few blocks, Pablo said, "My cousin owns another bar close by. Please let's stop for a drink."
Having liked the bar they went to last night, Jen replied, "Ok, sure." They continued to chat as they walked toward the bar. Jen was busy chatting so didn't really notice the place as they were walking in the door other than she caught that the place didn't have any windows. At first she thought it was odd, but had been to many steakhouses without windows so dismissed it.
As they entered, she noticed the music was rather loud. It seemed unusual for the middle of the day. There was a clerk with a cash register right by the door. The clerk waived to Pablo and motioned for them to go on in. She obviously knew Pablo. It was very dark inside, so it took a few seconds for Jen's eyes to adjust to the dark after being in the bright sunlight. Once adjusted, Jen quickly realized this was not a steakhouse, but rather a gentlemen's strip club.
She said, "Pablo, I don't want to hang out at a strip club."
"Jennifer, please come and lets sit down for a bit," Pablo replied. She knew there was no point in arguing so followed him into the club. As they walked through she noticed the place was half empty, which did not appear out of the ordinary given it was the middle of the day. But, there must still have been at least 20 guys in there. Some sitting alone, some in small groups at tables scattered throughout and a few around the main stage. Jen did take note that she was the only female patron in the club, and that several of the guys were staring at her as she walked past them.
They took two seats at a counter attached to the side of the main stage. A young girl was up on stage dancing topless just wearing a small G-string. Occasionally a man would walk up to the stage with a dollar bill and put it in under the strap of her G-string. The waitress came over with a couple drinks. This girl knew Pablo as well and had already brought drinks without even ordering. She set them down and said, "On the house of course." They sipped their cocktails and watched two more girls on the stage.
When Jen had finished her drink, she said "Pablo, I finished my drink. Let's go."
Pablo replied, "Jennifer, watch the young woman on stage. Study how she moves. It is a very sensual ballet between her and the connection she has with the gentlemen who walk up to her and compliment her with the dollar bills." Jen looked up at the woman and started studying her movement. Jen had been to a strip club before, but certainly never thought of it as a ballet. Pablo definitely had a way with words that changed how she looked at things. She began to appreciate the movement, the dance and the interaction with the men putting dollar bills in her G-string.
"You see now?" Pablo remarked.
Jen replied, "I guess so. I can see what you are saying."
Pablo got up and said, "Please excuse me, I will be right back."
A slight sense of fear fell over Jen as she replied, "Don't leave me here alone!" But Pablo continued to walk away toward the DJ booth. Jen watched him intently. He went in the DJ booth and started talking to the DJ. Obviously, he knew everyone in the place since it was his cousin's club. Pablo came out of the DJ booth a few minutes later and motioned to the waitress. She went over two him and he leaned over and said something in her ear. Pablo returned and sat back next to Jen as she said, "What was that about?" Before he could answer, the waitress came back with four shot glasses filled with tequila.
Jen remarked, "Whoa, you are going to get me drunk!" Pablo and Jen each did a shot. It burned going down and was quite warm as it hit Jen's stomach. Then Pablo slid the other glass over toward Jen and they did another.
"Wow, that was strong," Jen remarked.
Jen had just started to feel the warmth of the second shot run through her and Pablo remarked, "Jennifer, I want you to strip for me now."
Jennifer laughed and said, "Haha. That's funny. Ya right. Maybe later if you are lucky."
Pablo replied, "No, Jennifer, please strip for me on the stage." Jen's face turned ghost white with panic. She realized he wasn't kidding.
"No, Pablo, I can't do that," she exclaimed. "There must be two dozen guys in here that will see me."
"Please Jennifer, I would like to see you strip on the stage," Pablo said.
Jen pleaded, "Pablo, please don't make me do this. I really can't. I don't know how. I don't want all these men to see me." Jen was terrified. Nothing was making her comply with Pablo's requests, but his charismatic control over her made her unable to disobey. She wasn't in control of her own actions when he made his requests. She felt as if she had no choice, even though there really was no consequence of disobeying, other than possibly Pablo withholding his huge cock from Jen. She couldn't get enough of Pablo's cock, but that didn't fully explain her compulsory obedience.
"Please Jennifer, you will be up after this song ends." Jen's heart raced. A few second later the song came to an end and the dancer left the stage to a round of applause. Jen's heart dropped into her stomach as she felt almost sick with fear.
The DJ came on the microphone and said in his showman's voice, "Ladies and Gentlemen, please welcome first-timer and newcomer to the stage, the lovely and talented Jennifer!" A half-hearted applause came from the audience. Jen's heart was beating faster and faster. She felt almost like she could faint. Pablo took Jen's hand and stood up and pulled her up from her chair. Now she was even more nervous as everyone in the club was looking at her.
"Please Pablo," she pleaded one last time.
Pablo replied, "Jennifer, please go. It's your turn," as he gently nudged her toward the stairs at the side of the stage. Jen started slowly walking and gingerly climbed the stairs up on to the stage. The music started but Jen was frozen like a deer in headlights. She was barely moving, just nervously shifting her weight from side to side.
"I don't know what to do," she mouthed to Pablo.
The DJ came back on the microphone and called out, "Come on guy's, you can do better than that welcome. Let's give her some encouragement." This time there was a more enthusiastic round of applause coming from the crowd along with a few whistles and hollers.
As the applause rang out, Pablo motioned to Jen making a circling movement with his hand. The applause actually helped calm her down slightly. She did as Pablo motioned and slowly spun around and she calmed a little more. Jen started to sway side to side to the music. Then she added her arms to her swaying. She was coming together piece by piece. Before long, she was actually dancing to the music. She started to move around the stage a bit and felt more comfortable getting into the groove of the song. Jen was still incredibly nervous and self-conscious. It was hard to see with the lights shining in her face as she looked out across the club, but she could see at least the shadows of the 20 plus guys staring back at her on stage.
Jen looked over at Pablo and he made a motion with his hand along the middle of his shirt from his neck down to his waist. She understood that he wanted her to unzip her jacket and take it off. That didn't seem too scary so she did as he instructed and slowly unzipped her jacket and slid it off her shoulders and let it fall on the stage. Jen thought being seen in her bra wasn't much different than being in a bikini top at the beach. A few more whistles came from the crowd as she revealed her bra. That gave her a little more confidence and she continued dancing around the stage.
Then Pablo put his hands on his hips and made a downward motion. She knew that meant to take her skirt off. That was a whole different animal. Being there in her bra and little thong panties was nothing like being at the beach. She shook her head no in resistance but Pablo made the motion again. Feeling compelled, she took a deep breath, unzipped the side of her skirt and slowly pushed it down her hips and dropped it to the stage. When she did that, she heard some applause and more whistles and hollers.
This caused Jen to blush a bit, but at the same time boosted her confidence further. She continued dancing around the stage and was feeling more and more comfortable. Jen even tried a few of the moves she saw the other dancers do and put her hand on the pole in the middle of the stage and twirled around it with her arm extended. She thought that was kind of fun, so she did it again.
As she came back around, she noticed a man standing on the other side of the stage with a dollar bill folded in half length-ways in his hand. She got nervous again and looked over at Pablo. He motioned for her to go over to the man. So, Jen did as she had seen the other dancers do and danced her way over to the man. When she got there, she looked down at him and he looked back up at her and smiled. She gave a bashful smile back. The man held out his hand with the dollar in it. Jen hesitated for a minute, then crouched down to one knee with her side to the man like she had seen the other dancers do and pulled on the side string of her thong. The man slipped the dollar bill under the string of her thong and Jen stood back up. The man walked off back to his table and Jen continued dancing.
Jen couldn't believe the boost of confidence that dollar bill gave her. It had hardly any meaning monetarily, but the symbol of the man paying a token to her to see her dance was invigorating. Then she noticed another man appeared standing at the front of the stage. Jen danced over to him and repeated what she had done with the first guy, but with her other hip this time. The man slipped the dollar bill under her thong and then returned into the darkness by his table.
Jen was starting to enjoy herself. She liked moving to the music. One by one, men would come up to the stage and give her dollar bills. The first song had ended but the DJ blended another song in so the music continued without interruption. Before long, she felt like she had more than ten dollars hanging at her sides under the straps of her thong. It wasn't a lot of money, but the fact that at least ten different guys had shown their approval really boosted her confidence.
Then Pablo stood up from where they were sitting. Jen notice he had a dollar in his hand. She smiled and thought that was sweet, so she danced over to him like she had done the others. He placed the dollar under the strap of her thong.
As Jen started to stand back up, Pablo looked up at Jen and said, "Jennifer, please take off your bra now." She froze for a moment looking back at him without responding. He continued looking up at her and said, "Go ahead. Please." Jen became panicked again. She had become comfortable up there dancing around in her underwear, but this was taking things yet further and to a whole different level. Feeling she was compelled to comply, she walked to the middle of the stage and turned her back to the crowd. She reached behind her and undid the clasp of her bra. She straightened her arms at her sides as the bra straps fell off her shoulders and the bra slipped down her arms falling on the stage. As soon as her bra cleared her hands she quickly wrapped her arms across her body covering her large 34 DD boobs as much as she could. A few whistles came from the crowd, but this time it didn't help any.
Jen looked over at Pablo and he made a circle motion with his hand. She complied with his instruction and turned and faced the crowd, but kept her arms tightly wrapped around her. This drew another round of whistles and a holler from the crowd. But again, it had no effect on Jen. She looked back over at Pablo and he made an up and down motion with his index finger like he was tapping something. Jen looked back forward out at the crowd and slowly relaxed her arms. Her arms gently unwrapped until they released her big, beautiful, natural 34 DD breasts. Jen had nothing to be bashful about, as her boobs were truly spectacular. But never-the-less, she was still quite uncomfortable baring herself up on the stage.
Once Jen's breasts were revealed to the crowd, a hearty round of applause and cheers erupted. She was surprised by the response. It shouldn't have been a surprise as she had by far the most beautiful tits any man in the bar had ever seen, putting to shame the fake boobs of all the dancers that worked at the bar. The cheers sent an electrifying feeling through Jen. This time she really enjoyed the response from the crowd.
She noticed another man standing at the side of the stage with a dollar bill. She walked over to him and he held out his hand as the others had done, so she repeated the routine and bent down and pulled the strap of her thong. As the man slid his dollar in, he said "You have the most beautiful tits I have ever seen. They are gorgeous."
Jen blushed a little and said, "Thank you." She stood up and snapped back into things and started slowly dancing again. Now that her goods had been put on display and there was nothing else to fear, she really started getting into it, moving to the music. Her favorite was twirling around the pole; a little stripper cliché', but she thought it was really fun and free feeling. She noticed another man standing at the front of the stage so she worked her way over there.
As Jen bent down for him he said "Honey, I absolutely love your boobs. Seeing that lovely pair of jugs just made my week." His comment made Jen laugh a little. It was slightly crude, but she loved the compliment. He slipped his dollar in Jen's thong strap and walked off. When she stood up, she noticed three more men standing at the side of the stage; two on one side and one on the other. Jen danced over to each of them and repeated the routine. This continued through two more songs, never with less than two men standing by the stage waiting as she was dancing toward another. The dollars were starting to pile up on each of her hips. They wrapped from the front of her hip all the way around almost to the T back of her thong. Jen lost count of how many dollars were hanging from her thong now.
Pablo joined in and stood up with a dollar for his turn. As he slipped his dollar toward the front of her thong, he said "Jennifer, please let loose and show your sensuality. Do as the other dancers did." Jen thought about what he said and remembered studying the other dancers as they were moving on the stage earlier. She started to imitate some of the moves they had done. She danced over to the pole and with the pole at her back she bounced down to her heels with her knees spread wide apart. That provoked a big round of whistles and hollers from the crowd which sent more electricity through Jen's body.
Jen turned around and grabbed the pole spreading her feet wide apart. She slid her hands down the pole as she bent at the waist until her back was 90 degrees with her legs, sticking her ass out. This gave the crowd a good view of her thong-covered mound between her legs and more cheers erupted. By now, at least four or five guys were standing by the sides of the stage at all times. She went around to each of them the best she could but when one left another one would appear somewhere along the border. She had to take some of the bills from her thong and toss them on the stage to make room for more.
Jen could only remember one other move one of the girls had done. She wasn't sure she could even do it, but thought she would give it a try. A man was standing at the front of the stage waiting his turn. Jen strutted to the middle of the stage, got down on all fours and sensually crawled over to him. When she got to him, she turned around and backed up toward him with her knees spread and her ankles hanging over the side of the stage. She dropped to rest on her elbows and forearms, arched her back to stick her ass further in the air, and then rocked back and forth like she was fucking doggy style. She didn't do it nearly as well as the other girl, but it still caused the crowd to go wild with cheers as she turned to look at the guy behind her. He, of course, had a huge smile on his face. She pulled the side of her thong out and he happily slipped in his bill.
Jen got up as the current song was coming to an end. The DJ came back on the microphone and said "Guys, let's give it up for our first timer, the lovely Jennifer!" She got a standing ovation from almost everyone in the club. Jen took a little bow and scampered around to collect the dollar bills laying around the stage. She picked up her clothes laying in various spots on the stage. It wasn't about the money for her, but more of a trophy. Jen was almost disappointed her time was up, but she had run out of moves so it worked out ok. She walked down the steps where Pablo was there to meet her. He escorted her through the door that went behind the stage where the dressing rooms were. Jen got dressed and they slipped out the back door.
Pablo hailed a taxi and they jumped in. Jen counted up all her dollar bills. She had 73. She felt really flattered. She had no idea how many songs she danced to and didn't realize that many guys had come to the stage, as after a while she lost count.
The taxi stopped outside a small restaurant and they went in for a late lunch. They ate fairly quickly and talked a bit after they were done. The waiter came over and Jen paid the bill entirely with one dollar bills. The waiter thought nothing of it as he never suspected for second that she was a stripper. Pablo and Jen giggled after the waiter left the table. They went outside and climbed into a taxi to go back to the hotel.
Pablo leaned over and whispered, "Jennifer, did you enjoy the strip club?"
"No," Jen softly responded. "I can't believe you made me do that!" But they both knew she was lying. "Yes, Pablo, I enjoyed it. I was really nervous at first, but after I relaxed I had fun. Probably about the same time the alcohol from those two shots kicked in!"
Pablo quietly asked, "Did you like all those men watching you?"
"Yes," Jen answered after a long pause.
"Did you like exposing your beautiful breasts to them?" he asked.
"Yes," she whispered back again after a long pause.
"How did it make you feel?" Pablo softly asked.
"Sexy," she quietly replied.
"Did it turn you on?" he whispered. Jen didn't want to admit it, but it turned her on so much it drove her insanely wild.
"Yes," she finally answered.
"Are you aroused now thinking about it?" he whispered in her ear as he leaned in closer.
"Yes," she responded in a breathy voice in his ear.
"Jennifer, please may I touch your body," he whispered again in her ear.
"Yes, but only over the top of my bra," she whispered back. Pablo slowly unzipped Jen's jacket half way and inserted his hand. He began lightly caressing and squeezing her breast running his hands over her bra. After a minute, he put his other hand on her leg, just below where her skirt stopped and exposed her knees. Pablo ran his hand up the inside of Jen's leg. She was still so excited and turned on from the strip club, without thinking she instinctively spread her legs like a reflex response to give him better access to her panty clad pussy. He gently pushed her skirt up her thighs.
Jen could feel herself getting wetter as Pablo's hand crossed her inner thigh almost to her panties. With his right hand resting on Jen's right inner thigh right at her crotch, Pablo extended his thumb, stroking up and down Jen's slit through her panties. She shuddered as he grazed back and forth across her clit.
Jen whispered to Pablo, "I said just over the top of my bra Pablo."
Pablo softly responded, "You feel really nice Jennifer. Please may I continue on your panties?"
Jen whispered back, "Ok, but just on the outside and no further."
Jen halfway regretted saying he could touch her. She was starting to lose control as she was fully charged with sexual electricity from the strip club. However, she didn't want things going any further without John involved. Actually, rubbing her pussy through her panties was probably already across the line. Since they had been married, Jen and John had had sexual encounters with other partners, but it was always together as a couple. They did not have sex with other partners by themselves like an open marriage. But Jen was so turned on she was afraid she would risk breaking their rules and losing John's trust.
Jen was incredibly turned on from the day's events and Pablo's touch was driving her wild. The thought of getting fucked by his huge cock again was irresistible. She decided to text John. She reached over and grabbed her phone from her purse. As Pablo continued softly stroking her pussy up and down through her panties, Jen typed out "Hi honey. How is work? Are you busy? I have a question."
Shortly John replied "Hi. Going good. Yes, busy. How are you?"
Jen replied, "I'm fantastic. I have a favor to ask."
John replied back, "Ok. What is it?"
Jen replied, "I want to fuck Pablo again."
"Tonight?" John answered.
Jen replied, "No, now. I'm super horny and can't wait that long."
John replied "But we only do that kind of thing together?"
Jen pondered how to respond. She needed a way to get John comfortable with it. She didn't want to ask him to let her break the rules as she didn't want to do anything that would have any chance of upsetting their perfect marriage. Jen loved John deeply. But right now, she was lusting for Pablo's massive cock. After a long pause, Jen wrote back "I know. What if I videotape it and we watch it together tonight when you get back?" After she sent the text, she was fearful John may still say no. She felt like she had already crossed the line letting Pablo run his hands up and down her panties massaging her clit. She didn't think she'd have the control to stop if John said no.
After a long pause, John replied "Ok." Jen's heart skipped a beat when she saw his reply.
Jen responded, "Really? So I have your permission to fuck him again?"
John responded, "Yes. But make sure to tape it. In a meeting. Can't txt now. Go have fun. Love you." Jen almost couldn't believe how wonderful her husband was to her. She felt so lucky to have him.
Jen responded, "Thank you baby! You are the greatest husband ever! I love you so much. Can't wait to see you tonight!"
After Jen put her phone back in her purse, Pablo whispered, "Jennifer, your panties are wet. Please remove them."
Jen replied, "No, we'll be at the hotel in two minutes."
Pablo replied, "Jennifer, please remove your panties." Unable to disobey his request, Jen reached down and slipped off her panties and placed them in her shopping bag. Pablo immediately returned his hand to her exposed crotch and parted her wet slit, sliding three fingers deep inside her. It was more than Jen was expecting and she let out a gasp. She looked up, afraid the taxi driver had heard her, but he had not. Pablo began fucking her cunt with his hand. He continued as the taxi turned left into the drive of the hotel.
Jen whispered, "Pablo, stop. We are pulling into the hotel." But Pablo continued finger fucking her. She reached down to grab his hand, but Pablo kept at it. The driver stopped at the entry door to the hotel, but Pablo continued to bang Jen with his hand. Jen saw the bellman start to approach the taxi to open the door and her heart began to race in fear that he would open the door and see Pablo's hand up her skirt. Just as the bellman pulled on the door handle and unlatched the door, Pablo quickly retracted his hand. Jen was still pushing her skirt down as the door swung open. They climbed out of the taxi, paid the driver and went in the hotel.
Pablo said "Jennifer, please come to my room now."
Jen replied, "I have to stop at my room first. I will meet you there."
Pablo replied, "I will come with you." They got in the elevator and Jen punched the button for her floor.
As the doors closed, Pablo said "Lift the back of your skirt please." With no one around, Jen complied with no resistance. As soon as she did Pablo slid two fingers in her pussy from behind. This caught Jen by surprise and she let out another gasp as Pablo drove his fingers deep inside her. He began fucking her again with his hand. Then, Pablo reached around her and punched the buttons for all of the floors.
"What are you doing?" Jen asked as she let go of her skirt.
As the elevator stopped on the next floor and the doors opened, Pablo replied, "Jennifer, please keep your skirt up." Jen complied with his request as Pablo continued finger fucking her pussy. The elevator continued to stop on each floor. As it did, Jen's heart would beat faster and faster hoping no one was there waiting to see them as the doors opened. She was surprised at how much this was exciting her. The risk of getting caught was driving her wild. She got more and more excited as they reached each higher floor. Jen started grinding her hips back into Pablo's hand as he continued finger fucking her cunt.
When they reached Jen's floor, Jen felt both relief and slight disappointment. She was fully relieved no one had seen them. However, she also felt a slight letdown now that the excitement of getting caught had dissipated. They walked down the hall to Jen's room and went inside. Jen dropped her shopping bags and quickly grabbed John's camera.
"John wants a video," she said as she headed back toward the door and informed Pablo of John's request.
"Wait please," Pablo said. "Jennifer, please remove your clothes."
"Let's go to your room," she replied. Even though she had John's permission to fuck Pablo, she didn't want to do it in the bed they would sleep in together later than night.
"Please remove your clothes Jennifer," Pablo instructed again. Jen complied with his request, taking off her jacket and then her skirt.
"Like this?" she asked as she stood wearing nothing but her bra and high heels.
"Now your bra please," Pablo responded. Jen did as instructed. She reached around and unclasped her bra letting it fall to the floor, revealing her magnificent 34 DD breasts.
"Please put these on," Pablo said as he reached into one of the bags pulling out the bra and panty set they bought earlier. Jen slipped on the small thong panties. Then she put on the matching cup-less bra that left her nipples and almost all of her large breasts exposed with just a small underwire section under each boob.
"We can go now," Pablo said.
"I can't go out like this," Jen exclaimed. Pablo opened the door to the closet and pulled out a hotel bath robe and handed it to her. Jen slipped into the robe which she thought would be fine since they were just going down a few floors to his room inside the hotel. Jen grabbed the camera and her key and they proceeded back to the elevators.
As they entered the elevator, Pablo held the door from closing and said "Jennifer, please hand me your robe."
Startled, Jen replied, "What? No. Not here."
"Jennifer, please," Pablo responded. Jen knew her resistance would do no good, but she was frightened about getting caught. Some of John's business colleagues or their wives could be staying at this hotel. On the ride up the elevator, she knew she could drop her skirt at any time to quickly cover up if someone was there. Now, she was almost naked with her tits hanging out and just a small thong covering her pussy and fully revealing her ass cheeks. And with Pablo holding her robe, she would not be able to cover herself quickly, assuming he even let her have the robe back at all.
Despite her desire not to obey, she conceded and handed Pablo the robe. As she suspected he would, Pablo pushed the buttons for all three floors between them and his floor. Jen was overcome with fear this time. Each time the elevator stopped she held her breath and her heart almost stopped beating until the doors had opened and she had seen no one was there. Luckily, no one had been waiting on any of the floors and they got off on Pablo's floor.
"Please wait here for a moment," Pablo said just before they got to the hallway.
"Come on," Jen said. "Hurry up. Let's go to your room." With each passing second, Jen knew the chances of getting caught were increasing. She was excited, but also quite nervous. Just then, she heard a door close down the hallway and was sure someone would be coming.
"Someone's coming, give me back my robe," she pleaded to Pablo.
"It will be fine," he responded as he fumbled around with the camera. "Please walk down the hall to the right." Jen complied and he hit record on the camera and started taping Jen, focusing on her ass as each cheek rose and fell in beautiful choreography with each step. Jen peeked around the corner thinking someone would be rounding it at any second. She was relieved when she saw no one was coming. She quickly started down the hall to the right as Pablo had instructed.
"Walk slowly please," Pablo responded. Frustrated, Jen did as instructed and slowed her pace.
She turned looking back over her shoulder and asked, "Which room is yours?"
"At the end," he replied. Of course it was she thought to herself. As they made it about half way down the hall, a door started to open right as they passed. Jen's heart dropped and she started walking faster again.
Pablo stopped her saying "Slow please." Jen did as instructed and continued very slowly down the hall. This time she kept looking straight ahead. If whoever it was could see, she didn't want them to see her face. She kept walking.
She heard someone say softly "Oh my! Do you see what she is wearing?" Jen turned red with embarrassment as she now knew they saw her, but she kept walking. As she got to the end of the hall she stopped at the door and waited for Pablo to open it. He stopped the camera and reached in his pocket for the key. She had no idea if she was still being watched. She really wanted to know as it excited her that someone could be checking out her ass covered with nothing but the T-back of her thong, but without knowing her identity. However, she couldn't bring herself to look for fear they would see her face and it might be someone she knows.
Pablo opened the door and she quickly went inside. "I can't believe you," she exclaimed.
"Did you like walking undressed," Pablo asked.
"No," she quickly responded. "Someone I know could have seen me."
"Jennifer, tell me the truth," Pablo instructed.
"Ok, maybe a little," Jen said. Pablo continued glaring at her. "Ok, I liked it a lot. It was exciting."
"Please lay over on the bed Jennifer," Pablo instructed. Jen had been waiting for this moment all day, so she was quick to comply and jumped up on the bed. She couldn't wait for Pablo to take her and drive his huge cock in her pussy. Pablo reached into one of the bags he brought from her room and removed the large vibrator they had bought at the sex shop from its package and handed it to Jen. He then took off his shirt and pants, leaving on just his tight bikini briefs that could barely contain his huge package. Jen's mouth watered when she saw the large bulge in his underwear. She couldn't wait to taste him again.
"Take off your panties please," he instructed her as he grabbed the camera. Jen complied, quickly shedding her panties and tossing them aside. "Please use the vibrator on your pussy." Jen did as instructed and turned the vibrator on and slipped it inside her pussy. She was so wet and excited it slipped in without a lot of effort. Jen felt dirty and excited about fucking herself with the vibrator with Pablo watching. The fact he was taping it for John to watch later excited her even more. Having been repeatedly excited and teased all day, Jen started to feel her pussy twitch and contract after only a minute or two. Oh no, she thought, I can't cum this soon. She wanted it to last longer.
Before she could finish that thought, she screamed out, "Oh fuck, Oh fuck, Oh fuck I'm cumming," as she exploded into one of the most powerful orgasms she had ever had with her whole body convulsing uncontrollably. Jen's new found exhibitionist side, even though forced by Pablo, had excited her beyond belief, which intensified her orgasm immensely.
Pablo set the camera down on the table and pointed it toward the end of the bed. He looked at the screen to make sure it was still recording and pointing in the direction he wanted. He then walked over to the end of the bed and took off his briefs. Jen watched his huge cock dangle down. She thought it must be 8 inches long even when half limp. It looked even bigger than she had remembered from last night.
"Jennifer, please come here," he called out to her. Jen obediently complied and crawled over the bed and stood in front of him. "Jennifer, will you please suck my cock." Finally, Jen was getting what she had craved all day. Pablo's big huge cock. She couldn't wait to get that thick shaft in her mouth.
"Kneel down and face me please," Pablo said. Jen gladly obeyed as instructed. She leaned in to take his cock in her mouth but Pablo stopped her saying, "Not in your mouth yet. Please kiss it and use just your tongue." Jen obeyed, taking his now almost erect cock in one hand and planting a soft kiss just beneath his head. She started licking his veiny member with her tongue. She ran her tongue up and down his shaft from the base all the way to the head. By now Pablo was fully hard and his shaft extended a full 11 inches. Jen couldn't completely wrap her hand around its girth it was so big. Jen continued to admire and worship his huge prick, licking it up and down and kissing it. She would stop occasionally to swirl her tongue around the head like she was French kissing it and licking around the ridges of the helmet of his cockhead. It was the most beautiful cock she had ever seen and couldn't get enough of it.
"Now in your mouth please," Pablo requested. Jen did as requested and took the huge head in her mouth. She could barely fit the massive cock in her mouth but she was determined to take it. She could only get about half his dick in her mouth before it would choke her and she'd have to pull it back out. She continued sucking his cock for another five minutes or so. Pablo then placed his hands on each side of Jen's head and began to slowly fuck his cock in and then completely out of her mouth. Each time he would pull back Jen would suck at his cock, which made a popping sound as it left her mouth. After each pop, Pablo quickly forced his massive rod back in her mouth ramming it into the back of her throat until she would gag.
Jen was loving the face fucking she was getting from Pablo. She liked gagging on it. She absolutely loved his huge cock. It was unlike anything she had had before. And the fact it was being videotaped for John made it even hotter.
After a few more minutes of face fucking, Pablo pulled his cock out of Jen's mouth and asked "Please may I fuck you now Jennifer?" Jen loved the way he asked her. It was part of the reason why he had a spell over her. She was totally under his control and he could do anything he pleased with her. Even though he knew she would do anything he wanted, the way he still asked her was mesmerizing.
"Yes, fuck me Pablo," Jen responded. Pablo took Jen's hand helping her up off the floor and led her over to the side of the bed opposite the camera. He bent her forward face down on the bed facing the camera. Then he slowly slid the huge head of his cock in her pussy from behind. She gasped as it was huge and stretched the walls of her tight vagina. Jen grabbed a fist full of sheets in each hand as Pablo rammed his cock in her. He backed off, and then slowly repeated his penetration again and again, each time going slightly deeper.
Pablo continued fucking Jen like this for another ten minutes. Jen was close to having another orgasm as Pablo pulled his cock from her dripping wet pussy. He flipped Jen over on the bed. She was now laying on her back with her head hanging over the side of the bed looking behind her into the camera. Pablo proceeded to ram his stiff prick deep into Jen's warm cunt. Pablo increased the force of his thrusts as he began assaulting Jen's pussy with his long hard cock. Jen began to pant and moan as Pablo continued pounding deep into her cunt. Jen could feel herself lose control as Pablo ravaged her with his thick cock.
Jen cried out, "Oh fuck.... Oh fuck... Yes... Oh fuck... Oh yes... Yes... Yes... Fuck me... Fuck me... Yes... Yes..." Jen arched her back and looked straight into the camera lens as her impending orgasm started to boil deep inside her. She screamed, "Oh fuck, I'm cumming," as her orgasm burst out sending a shockwave through her entire body.
Pablo continued fucking his cock deep in Jen's cunt for another five minutes. He stopped and pulled his cock from Jen's ravaged pussy. Pablo pulled Jen's body back on the bed so her head was no longer hanging over the side. On his knees, he worked his way up her body so that his cock was hanging over her tits, just below her face. Pablo reached over and grabbed the camera in one hand and started stroking his cock with his other hand.
As Pablo pointed the camera at Jen he asked, "Jennifer, please may I cum on your face?"
"Yes Pablo, cum on my face," she replied. Pablo continued stroking his cock. Jen looked up with eager anticipation for the cum bath she was about to get. Pablo began to moan and groan as he abruptly stopped jerking his cock and squeezed the end of his cockhead. He held there as long as he could and then unleashed a barrage of cum on Jen's face. The first blast shot out with such force that it missed her face, barely catching her forehead, and trailing up into her hair. The second blast hit her on the bridge of her nose and continued off to the side over her eyelid. Jen kept that eye tightly shut as Pablo continued spewing his warm sticky goo on her face. The next several blasts went across Jen's lips into her mouth. The final blast landed on her lower lip and stretched down to her chin.
When Pablo was done spraying, Jen's face was completely covered. There was so much cum on her face, it looked as if she had let at least three guys give her a facial at the same time. Jen swallowed the cum that was in her mouth, savoring the taste. She reached her tongue out to lick as much as she could off her lips. Jen enjoyed the salty taste of Pablo's cum. She loved the thick, sticky texture as it glided across her tongue, sliding down her throat. Jen used her fingers to clean some more of the cum from her face so she could eat it.
Pablo paused the video camera and climbed off Jen. Jen got up and went to the bathroom to wash her face. She soon returned as Pablo was laying on the bed.
Jen saw that Pablo was already hard again and remarked, "Oh my!"
Pablo asked, "Jennifer, please may I fuck you again."
Jen replied, "Yes Pablo, you can fuck me as many times as you like with that huge cock of yours." Jen grabbed the video camera and turned it back on. She handed it to Pablo and then climbed on top of him, slowly sliding her pussy down over his hard cock. Jen began fucking Pablo, bouncing up and down on his shaft. They continued fucking the rest of the afternoon and well into the evening in a multitude of different positions all over the room. They would trade off the video camera each taking turns filming, or placing it on the dresser, making the video for John. They finally concluded when the memory card was full, but not before Jen had come three more times and Pablo several times himself.
Eventually, Jen went back to her room and took a long hot bath. She was spent, but also excited to see John. It was late when John got back, but Jen still greeted him with excitement. She was eager to show him all the video they had recorded. As they watched parts of the video, Jen would narrate to John what they were doing even though it was obvious on the screen. John would comment how hot Jen looked in the video.
After fast forwarding around and watching for about 20 minutes, Jen asked John, "So, what did you think?"
John replied, "You looked so hot and sexy baby. I loved it. You looked like you enjoyed making it."
Jen replied, "I did. It was great." They engaged in a long kiss that soon escalated to heated rubbing of their hands over the other's body. Jen reached down to grab John's cock and it was already rock hard. John reached down to rub Jen's pussy and found it already dripping wet. John climbed on top of John and slid his cock into her pussy as she wrapped her arms and legs around him. He began thrusting his cock in and out of her pussy. Even though her pussy had been attacked all afternoon by a much larger cock, John felt amazing inside her. Their emotional bond made it completely different and satisfied Jen in a completely different manner.
They continued for a while with John eventually shooting his warm cum deep inside her pussy. That was one place Jen hadn't let Pablo cum. So, it felt good to her that despite her lustful afternoon of being thoroughly fucked by Pablo in every which way, she still had reserved something special for just her husband. They softly kissed each other for a while and then drifted off to sleep in each other's arms.