LONDON 1986
Sarah pushed open the swing door of the Parkside Gymnastic Club and narrowly avoided getting her sports bag caught as the door closed too quickly behind her. She pulled it higher on to her shoulder and slid through into the main hall.
A gaggle of younger girls in brightly coloured leotards were using the various pieces of apparatus or were chalking their hands, chatting over drinking bottles or slipping out of tracksuits. Two older male gymnasts were keeping a brotherly watch and advising and as one caught sight of Sarah, he called a greeting.
"Preevyet, Sarah!" He gave a friendly smile
"Preevyet, Aleksei!" She replied and he beamed, acknowledging her attempt at the Russian 'Hi'
How, in the mid-1980s two Soviet gymnasts had ended up coaching gymnastics in a small inconsequential club in South London was anyone's guess. Rumours were rife involving inevitably, spying, the KGB, defection and a whole raft of even more implausible theories.
Aleksei was taller, blonde, with a short boyish haircut that made him look as if he had come straight from a Soviet poster; staring optimistically into some glorious socialist future whilst holding up a hammer in exhortation to comrades. Sergey was shorter, dark haired, more compact and would have looked at home commanding a nuclear submarine.
All the younger girls had crushes on one, or the other, or even both. Sarah being the oldest girl at the club, a positively geriatric twenty-four, had a more grown-up relationship and had even picked up a few Russian words which amused Aleksei and Sergey no end.
Sarah was actually a pretty good gymnast but had long since given up any notions of achieving any status in the sport. She came now mainly to keep in shape and to get some peace and personal time away from her boyfriend, Frank.
Frank had been a nice guy in the beginning, but a series of pretty bad career choices and lost jobs had left him bitter, controlling and far happier in the company of his pub mates than with her.
She surveyed her figure in the full-length mirror in the changing room and pulled on her depressingly plain, baggy leotard over her knickers and tights. Despite putting a small amount of money aside from her part time job in a local minimarket to buy a more modern sexy lycra one, Frank had vetoed the idea outright and the money had been swallowed up paying bills, while he inevitably went to the pub.
"Trying to impress those Russian perves, are you?" He had accused her.
He had visited the club a couple of times, probably just to check up on her, and he had not been overly fond of Aleksei and Sergey. A feeling she suspected was entirely mutual, although both had been completely charming and swore to her they liked him.
"They're only after those jailbait little girls in their tight little leotards pulled up their tight little cunts and arses, For fuck's sake, most of them probably don't even have pubes yet!" Frank had ranted with a disturbingly self-revealing turn of phrase, when they'd got home.
"They're not interested in you, with your bush and womanly curves!" He'd smiled and with a sick leer, had grabbed her possessively. She'd grudgingly taken it as a compliment although she really knew better.
She was, she realised from the mirror, not particularly thin, certainly not thin enough for competitive gymnastics. She knew her breasts were too large, and her bottom, well yes, too curvy, but she had a good covering of muscle, a flat stomach and shapely dancer's legs. Mrs Jarvis, the elderly woman who ran the club, had shocked Sarah when not too long ago she had rather too candidly taken her on one side and commented to her quietly.
"You're not really young enough or thin enough to get far in competitive gymnastics these days but..." She'd hesitated, before continuing,
"You're agile, flexible and have an excellent sense of timing. You have the sort of body men drool over; You'd actually make a bloody good exotic dancer!" Then with a wink: "Trust me I've been there..." She wouldn't elaborate and had simply left Sarah with a rather disturbing image.
So with badly dented self-esteem and zero self-confidence, Sarah in her shapeless, hopelessly unfashionable leotard, went to join her Gymnastics class.
As she sat tired and with muscles aching on the bus home that night, with only the prospect of an empty flat or worse a drunk, skint, horny Frank to look forward to, she finally decided she was going to leave him.
Maybe I WILL try stripping! She thought rebelliously with a surprising frisson of excitement.
Three weeks later she threw most of what she owned into a suitcase and after a short bus journey, arrived at Carla's small, cramped flat. Carla worked with her at the minimarket and had only met Frank once. He had, however, left a lasting and altogether unpleasant impression. Frank would not remember her, Sarah was sure. She could crash on Carla's sofa until she found her feet but how on earth was she going to do that?
"Raj's upset you left but Frank has been around twice and is in a ugly mood." Carla told her a few days later as she hung up her uniform after work at the minimarket. Raj was the old man who managed the minimarket and he had begged Sarah to stay, but he was a small, harmlessly nice man who would have been no match for an angry, probably drunk Frank.
It was London in the 1980s, Money was in short supply and jobs were hard to come by.
After a couple of weeks of fruitlessly filling in job applications and waiting in soulless unemployment centres, Sarah was on the brink of despair, living on the charity of Carla and with only very few options left to quickly make some money. She hesitantly outlined her alternative options to Carla, who was surprisingly supportive.
"What about the art schools, they're always looking for models?" She had suggested
Sarah had followed her suggestion and after overcoming her nervousness had stripped off and sat naked and ultimately bored senseless in front of the studiously scribbling class. The money wasn't good enough, the work was unreliable and intermittent. She found keeping still with her muscles aching to move almost impossible. Sarah realised that with her gymnastic skills she needed to move. She also now knew that she wanted a more appreciative response. Sarah wanted to perform!
So eventually Sarah found herself climbing a narrow wooden staircase and then waiting for an hour in the cramped reception of the 'Some like it Hot' adult entertainment agency with a couple of gum chewing girls who looked her up and down with barely concealed disdain. Finally, she found herself sitting across a desk from a tired looking old woman in a small office.
Ms Hargreaves the proprietor inspected her closely and issued a rather condemning judgement
"Bit old for this game ain't yer?" Ms Hargreaves concluded unsympathetically
"I'm only twenty-four! I've done a lot of gymnastics, can do the splits, Have modelled for an art class, NAKED!" Sarah blurted.
Ms Hargreaves had been unimpressed. Her impassive face had completely crushed Sarah's carefully constructed and meticulously practised speech into a plaintive list of disconnected babble.
Three agencies later and having climbed a small mountain of narrow wooden staircases Sarah found herself sitting in front of Mr Smallwood, a dapper but anachronistic little man in a 1940's suit, with a thin moustache and large, black old-fashioned glasses, who grandiosely called himself the Talent Scout/Theatrical Agent for 'StripperGlam Artistes'
Smallwood looked up and surveyed Sarah through his thick glasses and then rummaged through the grubby looking spread of correspondence on his desk. Finding what he was looking for he looked up again and spoke.
"Ms, er, Hargreaves has informed me..." It was, Sarah realised, a close-knit business community.
"That you are a gymnast!" He said, eying her lasciviously "And that you can, do, the, um, splits, mmm... NAKED!" Sarah's stomach turned over.
"No, Well, Yes, but..."
"Splendid!"
He paused, looked at a diary on his desk and totally out of the blue stated.
"We do get quite a lot of requests for gymnastic models. A few..." His expression took on a disapproving look.
"...are of questionable legality. We only provide models that are certifiably over the age of eighteen, which of course, you say, you are?"
Suddenly Sarah was shocked and became aware that he was not only assessing her age, but also mentally undressing her. It made her squirm.
"Of course! I'm twenty-four." she replied indignantly
"Indeed" He seemed satisfied, and brightening up considerably, added.
"We have a potential booking for a stag party in three weeks' time which requires a... 'Teenage Russian gymnast'..."
"I'm a bit old..." Sarah started to protest.
"It says on your application form that you speak a little Russian?"
"A few words..."
"Enough... We deal in illusions here." He brushed her protestations aside and looked pleased
"That, and the gymnastics make you different from our regular girls. You've got a bit of an edge! Here at StripperGlam we can always use girls with an edge!"
"Shall I pencil you in?" He said reaching a decision and looked at her questioningly. Sarah hesitantly nodded.
"Good, I just need to sort out some details." Smallwood seemed pleased.
"If I could just take a quick polaroid, for the client?" He lifted a battered looking polaroid instant camera down from the shelf behind him.
"Er, OK." Things were moving a bit too quickly for Sarah
The Camera whirred and a few minutes later a square photo of an apprehensive looking Sarah emerged from the front of the camera, and as he flapped the photo to dry it Smallwood continued.
"If the client is happy then I'll ring you with the details of the booking and you can decide then whether to formally accept the job, it should only take a few days."
Sarah thought; OK, that was easy.
"Just one last detail. If you could just..." He indicated she stand
He came forward, moved her chair out the way and returned to behind the desk
"I will have, of course, need to see you, without, the, er, clothes?"
"You want to see me naked?" Smallwood winced at the blunt statement but nodded.
"In case the client books the 'premium service', It does happen occasionally, but it's expensive and some of the girls won't do it" He explained, hoping not to scare her away with the details.
Sarah looked puzzled, and then realised that this must mean a performance culminating in full nudity and swallowed nervously. It was, therefore, she supposed, not an unexpected request, but here, now, in this grubby little office in front of this creepy old man? She took a deep breath and stripped to her underwear.
Mr Smallwood clasped his hands together and eyed her appreciatively
"Good. If you would be so kind?" He indicated her two remaining garments
Reluctantly she removed her bra and knickers and stood there naked being evaluated like a piece of meat.
Smallwood reached for the polaroid camera.
"NO!" She declared emphatically, and with chastened reluctance Smallwood set the camera aside.
"Well, that all seems acceptable" He smiled weakly.
She hurriedly dressed and Smallwood paused before continuing.
"If the client is agreeable, and I see no reason why he should not be, and of course if you agree to proceed further, you will receive the usual percentage of the agreed booking fee." Sarah nodded to show she understood how it worked
"In the case of a booking for the premium service, the booking fee will be greater and your percentage will also be higher, meaning the amount you could receive will be quite substantial!"
"Could you just sign here to say you understand the terms and conditions"
Smallwood slid a typewritten form towards her that had been photocopied so many times it was almost unreadable.
Sarah signed
I will be in contact as soon as we hear from the client, and you can make your mind up then if you want to accept the booking. I must warn you though, your acceptance is final, we do not continue to employ artistes that fail to turn up!
"That's OK, as long as I've got little time to think about it" Sarah wanted to slow things down a little.
"Of course...If in the meantime you could put together a short set?" He asked and Sarah agreed.
"Welcome aboard!" Smallwood smiled thinly, incongruously shook her hand and returned to his papers.
Sarah left the office and walked out onto the street in a turmoil of nervous excitement and anticipation. She was going to perform in front of an audience! OK, it wouldn't be so much for her gymnastic skills, but there wasn't any reason she couldn't still enjoy herself. She'd be performing to an audience! The money would be good. The idea of possibly having to finish naked sort of worried her, but she had heard that it was quite rare for Stripper grams to be completely naked; The venues were invariably pubs and most pub landlords were extremely wary of losing their licenses due to complaints. In any case she had been contemplating stripping seriously a short time ago!
Almost a week went by, and Sarah had almost convinced herself it wasn't going to happen. She'd put together a subtly sexy set of moves and imagined an appreciative audience and a good looking, happy client. The nerves had settled down. The phone rang and Mr Smallwood spoke on the other end in a voice that was almost breathless in its incredulity, excitedly announced.
"The client has virtually tripled the usual fee... he wants YOU!!!"
Sarah's heart almost stopped! Ok, she was, she supposed, pretty and had a good body, but she hardly filled the bill of a 'teenage Russian gymnast!
"OK... I'll do it." She was filled with excitement
"He wants... the premium service." Smallwood said quietly and almost apologetically, realising this could be a deal breaker.
"Oh..." Sarah stomach did somersaults, and her heart pounded uncontrollably.
"Is that alright?" Smallwood asked apprehensively.
Sarah paused, took a deep breath and in a voice that was almost a whisper replied.
"Yes... ok, yes... I'll do it.
Smallwood's gabbled response betrayed his relief.
"Look It's a big paying gig and you've never done it before. So sure, right now, you're scared shitless. It's also the biggest fee we've ever charged! Get this right and you'll be a fucking star! It's a Tuesday night, dead as a Dodo, it's a small pub and it'll just be an embarrassed bridegroom with a thing for Russian gymnasts and a handful of his mates. They'll be more scared of you than you are of them! Quick in, spout a bit of Russian, do some handstands or whatever, show him the goods and away! Easy money! Remember you've got that edge!"
Smallwood explained the fee had already been paid, and what her share of it would be, He gave her the address of The Lion, a small pub quite close to where she was staying and the time she was expected; 8.00 pm.
"Fuck!" Smallwood swore nervously after he had put the phone down. This girl, this gymnast, with her smattering of Russian could put the agency back on its feet. StripperGlam was struggling and he needed to find girls with that special edge to make it rise above the competition. He knew she had it, but would she let him down? He realised the nudity might be a problem, would she go through with it?
Sarah put the phone down and turned to Carla, nervously repeating the conversation, and emphasising the amount of money she would make.
"Oh My God! How much?" Carla was incredulous
"I'm... I'm not sure I can actually do this." Sarah was now trembling with realisation of what she would have to do to earn it. The thought of performing naked in a little pub alone, without the support of other strippers and with half the customers not expecting it chilled her to the core.
I'll come with you and wait nearby; we can have a bottle of wine and laugh about it afterwards. Fifteen minutes for a month's money; Fuck it if you don't I just might! Sarah relaxed a little and started smiling
"Just go for it girl!" Carla laughed
They had two weeks, and they worked on it every evening after Carla came home from the minimarket, sharing bottles of wine and with Sarah trying various moves.
A few days after the phone call Sarah cautiously visited the gymnastic club just after lunch when she knew Aleksei would be practising alone before the evening session.
"Sarah! Not seen you for time!" He greeted her with a smile
"Sorry I've been busy, has Frank been around?"
"Yes, few times, quite angry, looking for you. He scared girls, looked at them... strannyy...strange? Aleksei could not quite describe the odd look in Frank's eyes.
"He's a bastard Aleksei, please don't tell him where I am"
"Of course, No. You want I get friends and we sort him out?"
"No, I'm OK"
Sarah wasn't sure what 'sorting out' meant to Russians, but it didn't sound too friendly.
She explained how she was technically homeless; 'No fixed abode' and as such couldn't get a job or even benefits and how she now owed Carla more money than she could repay in months even if she could get a halfway decent job.
Breaking into tears, she hesitantly explained what she was going to do and waited anxiously for his reply.
Aleksei burst out laughing and when he saw the anger flare up in her eyes quickly explained in short sentences.
"I do that! Come to England, No Money, Girl parties want sexy Russian gymnast!" He wriggled suggestively
I take off clothes, show willy!" he grinned, and she burst out laughing!
"Not a spy then?"
"I keep quiet, do not want to lose job here." he looked worried
"Of course, Our secrets" She put a finger to her lips, and he did the same.
She changed into her shapeless leotard, and he coached her in the tricks of the trade. It would be a small room he explained, no room for fancy moves.
"Keep tight, move slow, be... rude!" She frowned and he tried to elaborate
"Sexy like real Soviet Gymnast! Proud, strong, show body, make them want you!"
And he said looking at her leotard, and running his hands down his own body
"And buy really sexy suit, Red like your courage!"
An hour later she kissed him and left, fortified and strengthened by her newfound ally.
The next day she visited The Lion. This was where it was going to happen. It was just as Smallwood had said, small, quiet and completely unthreatening. She sipped a white wine spritzer, chatted to the friendly but bored landlord, told him she was waiting for a friend, and looked around. It's only occupants, two men drinking at a table in the corner, an old man with a dog, one reading a newspaper and a young office worker nursing a half pint, paid no attention to her.
"Is it always so quiet?" she asked the landlord
Daytimes, yes... no one's got any money. Evenings, it's a little livelier." He paused and, not sure she'd approve, confided.
"Week after next one of the guys has booked a stripper gram, should pull in a few extras, Surprise stag party I reckon. License doesn't really like it, but what they don't know... eh?" He winked
She hid the sudden surge of panic that had almost made her fall off the barstool and recovered with an understanding smile.
"Don't suppose anyone will complain!
"Not bleeding likely! Russian gymnast apparently, quite a looker, going to do the full business!" He said with altogether too much enthusiasm. She nodded suddenly realising that word was out she was going to do the 'full business'! She felt suddenly sick and turned to survey the room.
As she faced the bar there were two toilets; Gents and Ladies immediately to the right of her and then a long wall hung with old prints with benches underneath running down to the far corner, from there was the wall directly facing the bar.
This wall had a large mirror and then two large, frosted windows engraved with the name of the pub. The next corner was home to a handful of tables and then a long wall with another two more similar frosted windows, under which were a couple more tables and chairs, then the entrance and then back to the bar. A couple of extra tables and chairs were scattered in front of the bar. In the middle of the room on a tatty rectangle of worn carpet was a pool table on castors with a racked set of balls and two slightly bent looking cues.
Homework done and with lots of new information to process Sarah cursed her fictional friend for not turning up, thanked the Landlord and went home.
She told Carla what Aleksei had said and described the pub.
"Piece of Cake!" Carla had announced. She had identified a small friendly wine bar on the high street just fifty yards from the pub and they could get a glass or two in before Sarah's gig.
At the end of that busy week and with just over a week to go, Carla turned to her and gleefully announced.
"We need to go shopping! Get you kitted out with some proper gear! I know just the place" and being Carla, she did.
The sports shop was much larger and better stocked than it appeared from the outside with several floors and a basement catering for pretty much every sport and leisure activity imaginable, including a few Sarah had never imagined!
Miss Harriet Jones, the store assistant, according to her name badge, immediately reminded Sarah of Mrs Jarvis at the club and seemed extremely perceptive as to Sarah's requirements. She found Sarah a replica Russian gymnastics team tracksuit, complete with CCCP on the back, and questioned her closely about the leotard. Sarah had told the whole outfit was for a Fancy-dress party to which Miss Jones had asked rather pointedly.
"I see. So will you be wanting the leotard for public or private use?" Sarah had blushed slightly, and Miss Jones had taken her down to the basement and pointed her in the direction of the rails in the corner. Dozens of leotards ranging from the practical right through to the totally impractical, from competition standard through skimpy aerobics bodysuits to plastic and rubber fetish leotards and some quite bizarre crotch less woollen outfits. Sarah found a leotard that was the same red as the soviet flag and Miss Jones examined it. It had sleeves rather than just straps but was a higher cut on the leg than most Sarah had seen in competition gymnastics, and Miss Jones explained it was designed to go over leggings or a G-string for aerobic classes, and as such had no lining. It was a shiny, light, incredibly stretchy, smooth little bundle of lycra. As Sarah felt the fabric run through her hands, she felt an irresistible compulsion to try it on.
"Please do, but only over your underwear," Miss Jones warned sternly
Sarah emerged from the changing room a few minutes later beaming. Carla gasped as Sarah gave a little pirouette. Although the effect was slightly spoiled by Sarah's bra and knickers being still visible the leotard was like a second skin.
With a candour she was not expecting Miss Jones explained that the tightness coupled with the lack of lining would inevitably lead to a phenomenon that in later years would become known as a 'camel toe', unless a G-string was worn underneath. Similarly, the lycra covering the backside would tend to creep inward with excessive movement, partially exposing one or both buttocks.
Carla winked in approval, whipped out her credit card and within minutes they were on the bus home with a large carrier bag, giggling madly.
Sarah got home, stripped off immediately and inched the leotard up her body. She went through her routines for the umpteenth time noting how the leotard stretched and contracted with various movements. Without the underwear the leotard was an absolute marvel, although Sarah was mortified to find her pubic hair had an annoying tendency to escape out the sides. Carla was impressed to the point where eventually she insisted, as an investor, in trying it on. Fortified by the best part of two bottles of Pinot Grigio she then threw herself about with some energetic, but hilariously uncoordinated moves, ending in fits of nervous giggles and them both collapsed on the floor exhausted.
Carla stencilled a small hammer and sickle on the front of the leotard in yellow fabric paint whilst Sarah practiced her bits of Russian.
The night before the gig Carla came up to Sarah with a suggestion.
"They want teenage, yeah?"
Sarah nodded sadly
"...and you want to be different from the rest of the girls at the agency... get more gigs?
"Er... yes. I suppose so" Sarah hadn't really thought about future gigs.
"So, what about this?"
Sarah drew her head back in shocked surprise from the South American Women's magazine Carla thrust in front of her with its totally shocking photos of personal grooming.
"It's called a Brazilian, it's the next big thing. Guys go mad when they see it and it makes you look at first glance like a little girl down there, but they soon come to realise you're a fully grown woman!" Carla emphasised the word 'come' salaciously
"It just looks so... exposed!" Sarah was horrified and as Carla decisively handed her a razor, she just stared at it, stupefied.
"That my dear, is your 'edge'!"
She had visited a few of the venues that featured strippers a couple of months back, to get some ideas when she had originally planned to do it herself. She'd watched from the back of the rooms in the pubs close to the City, which had strippers at lunchtime and in the evenings. There'd be a stage, heavy curtains and overpriced drinks. The strippers had done one topless dance and then, still scantily dressed, had done the rounds with a pint mug which was raucously filled with coins and notes by yuppy city workers. It had all looked so humiliating to Sara, but the money had looked good. Then after the pint mug had been safely deposited on a shelf behind the bar, the strippers had done a quick change of costume and then a full strip.
Sarah had dressed like a shy secretary, trying to look like she was waiting for her stockbroker boyfriend, and had watched maybe dozens of strippers go through their routines, revealing eventually; bushy pubic hair, patchy pubic hair, neatly trimmed pubic hair, and narrow strips of pubic hair. She had never seen anyone completely 'bald' as Carla had so uncomfortably put it. Always the actual component parts of their genitalia were obscured by curly hair and hidden away from close scrutiny.
"That's the point dear, a lot of men don't actually know what's down there... or how it works. You'll be educating them!" Carla laughed
So, fortified by several glasses of wine, Sarah found herself standing in the bathroom with the razor in one hand and a selection of mirrors. Positioned below and around her.
Three basins of hot water, half a can of shaving gel, and a couple of painful nicks later she surveyed her defoliated genitalia. The pubic mound was fleshier than she remembered from years ago when she had eagerly awaited the first signs of downy curls. Now it was a ripe, plump handful of smooth skin filling her palm, with its pronounced cleft widening just enough to expose the pink little tongues of her labia minora. She smiled as she remembered as a young girl thinking this must be the other end of the tongue in her mouth. Surely, they must be connected to a bizarre push me pull you system running the length of her body?
The mirror showed details of her body she'd only ever just explored with her fingers, and when she applied tentative baby oil coated fingers they glistened and tingled deliciously to her touch. It certainly felt good, very good!
She pulled on the leotard and could immediately feel the soft fabric hugging the newly exposed parts of her body, sticking and sliding across the intimate core of her sex and filling her with the warm feeling of arousal. She pulled it higher and without having the constant fear of curly hairs escaping, soon had the elastic seam high above her hip bones with a stretched tapering strip curving down to disappear between her legs, emphasising softly the contours of her slit and then snuggly cradling the delicate bulge contained by the tight elastic of the seams. She slid her forefingers under the elastic and stretched the fabric back across her bottom to cover it only to find it slowly and sensually creeping back. She rubbed her hands across the tightly stretched fabric encasing her buttocks and was surprised how firm they felt. She felt transformed. Totally impractical of course, not to mention too revealing for 'proper' gymnastics, but then this wasn't going to be 'proper' gymnastics, was it?
She emerged from the bathroom and did a pirouette for Carla, who responded with a suitably male;
"Phwoar!!"
followed by an equally male
"Get 'em off"
Sarah teased her friend by pulling it even higher until it threatened to split her in half and all but disappeared up the cleft in her mound.
Slowly she pulled the sleeves off her shoulders and let her breasts pop out and continued downwards until the freshly shaved skin emerged pale and smooth and then with a flourish pulled it off, the narrow cloth trapped between her legs suddenly breaking free and springing down to meet the rest of the leotard in a fine spray of oil and juices.
"God, Sarah, that looks fantastic! You've got me going too! she confessed, looking at the damp crotch of the leotard
"Might need to give that a wash tonight!" Carla observed with a smutty smirk, and Sarah blushed.
The following morning Sarah woke after a wakeful night and stared at the ceiling, her stomach a knot of fear. She had mere hours before... oh shit, surely, she couldn't go through with it? She drifted through the day in a daze of self-doubt until Carla came home. Carla had knocked off a couple of hours early knowing her friend would need some serious support, wine and morale boosting to follow this through.
"Have a good long relaxing shower, give it all an extra scrape, and gussy up!"
"I'll help you slap on a bit of makeup. You are fucking gorgeous; You'll knock 'em dead!"
Sarah had long suspected Carla was deriving a vicarious thrill from all this and was getting ever so slightly annoyed with her!
Sarah disappeared into the bathroom, lathered up her hand with shaving gel and with one foot on the toilet seat smothered between her legs with the oddly cooling foam. She took her time, finding the odd hairs she'd missed the night before and actually enjoying the sensation of the razor gliding across her skin. She showered, savouring the feel of the hot water running between her legs and dried herself with a soft towel, paying probably more attention than necessary on the freshly shaved area. With pulse racing and hands trembling she slid on the freshly washed leotard and tracksuit. She slipped a small bottle of baby oil into the tracksuit pocket and tied her long blonde hair into a bun with a black ribbon.
Carla picked up a bag with a clean set of underwear, jeans and a sweatshirt and the little ballet shoes that completed the outfit. Sarah threw on her coat and grabbed her handbag and forty-five minutes later they sat in the wine bar on the High street. The pub was half an hour and fifty yards away down a small side street. Sarah downed her first glass of wine in one desperate swig.
Carla came back with another.
"Take it easy with that, I can always save it for when you get back." Looking at her watch she continued "Give it another ten minutes, leave your handbag with me and go do your stuff."
A nerve wracking ten minutes later Sarah did as she was told and prised herself reluctantly away from the security of the table. She slipped off her trainers and put on the ballet shoes.
"Break a leg" Encouraged Carla and, with a longing look back at the table Sarah walked out the door.
Sarah sleepwalked the fifty yards down the side street to The Lion, the street feeling cold and hard through the thin soles of the ballet shoes. She felt alone, vulnerable and terrified.
The Lion sounded surprisingly noisy as Sarah stood outside the door looking at the bright lights through the frosted and engraved glass of the windows. She was almost numb with fear. The faded and flaking pub sign creaked ominously above her in the light breeze.
She gathered her coat around her, flung open the door and walked inside.
The pub was a lot busier than she had been led to believe with, she guessed, just over three dozen predominantly male customers half filling the small room. It was warm with bodies, a haze of cigarette smoke floated below the lights and the smell of beer and male testosterone filled her nose. The pool table had been shunted into the corner under the mirror revealing a slightly less faded patch of carpet where it had been, a well-worn border running around it. The area was brightly lit by the lights that usually lit the pool table. Some of the tables had been removed and the whole pub was heavy with anticipation.
She walked to the bar and the landlord recognised her. "Hello love, come to see the show? Words got about that it's going to be a cracker!" He was surprised to see her again, and speculated as to why a quiet, pretty girl like her would want to come and watch a female stripper gram.
She took off her coat.
"I hope so! Eta Ya! It's me!" She said nervously with a bravado she definitely wasn't feeling and then smiling, added.
"Can you look after my coat for me?" He nodded, caught by surprise and flushed with embarrassment, and took it off her.
The customers spotted Sarah as she turned to the room in her conspicuous tracksuit and moved aside with a low mumble of excitement to give her a straight passage through to the cleared area.
She was on the verge of fainting. She could feel sweat prickling all over her body as every eye in the pub lanced through her clothing and mentally stripped her naked.
For a second Sarah froze with uncertainty and battled to regain her composure. This was not the quiet pub she had imagined, but really what difference did it make? This was the audience she craved. She was committed. She imagined the humiliation of backing out now. The laughter and ridicule that would chase her back to the safety of the wine bar. Her weakness, Carla's disappointment and her unpayable debt to her. Aleksei's sympathy but ultimate disdain for her cowardice. The ignominy of bottling out of her first and last gig. Smallwood's anger. And the Money, shit! She needed that money!
Twenty minutes and she would be back in the wine bar with Carla, and they could laugh about the whole experience, get pissed and of course there was always the fucking money!
She steeled herself. Muscles tightened and flexed. She focused.
The cleared area looked about the same area as the space she'd practiced in at Carla's. Remembering the hours of practice, she strode with robotic grace to the pool table in the corner, scattering the two men who had been standing there.
She paused and studied herself in the mirror. She looked strong. The anonymous, hungry, ogling eyes reflected behind her in the mirror were weak. Sarah, no, Natasha, would OWN them!
Turning and facing the crowd with a totally fake air of haughty arrogance she slowly and deliberately slid the zip of the tracksuit top down and then lowered the tracksuit pants. She slowly slid them down, and placed them on the pool table behind her. She shrugged her shoulders out of the tracksuit top, carefully placed it on the pool table and began to calm her racing pulse.
Sarah stood in the revealing red leotard, the bright lights shining off the tight lycra as it followed the contours of her body. Her skin came alive as the sweat trickled and evaporated off her. Nerve endings buzzed and she started to glow with a sexual electricity she had never felt before.
Conscious of every eye in the room watching her hands, she slid her fingers under the elastic, readjusted the leotard for comfort and coverage and stepped forward from the pool table. She struck a stretched arched pose and in a breathy, hopefully sexy voice announced in her best Russian.
"Dobryy vecher gospoda, ya Natasha!"
"Good evening, gentlemen, I am Natasha!" she repeated in English
"Good evening, Natasha, or should I say... Sarah! The familiar voice sent an icy shiver straight through her.
Frank had emerged from the toilets and stood grinning along with a small group of what obviously must be his cronies.
She stood there crushed, as his eyes crawled inch by inch over her. Time stood still.
Frank moved past her grinning to join a woman Sarah hadn't noticed sitting quietly at one of the tables in the other corner from the pool table. Her eyes met Sarah's and a curious look crossed her face before she turned and smiled coldly at Frank who had slumped in a chair in front of her with his arrogantly spread legs encased in the obligatory grubby sweatpants.
"Well... better get on with it!" he said mockingly to Sarah, who after the initial shock had subsided, had no option but to comply.
With abject despair tearing at her insides Sarah went through her routine, painfully aware of each stretch of her body, or extension of her legs slowly causing the leotard to contract further on her body until she knew her buttocks were only separated by a thin band of red fabric which cradled tightly the bulge between her legs and was starting to creep across her mound towards its now all too apparent slit. She could feel Frank's eyes relentlessly probing her crotch as she parted her legs slightly and bent over backwards away from him. She realised with horror the reason for the rictus expression of fascination that had set across his face.
With that revelation, she saw the means to retaliate for this trap and regain control of the room. She stood and defiantly spread her legs confronting him and deliberately goading him. He was getting angry, but also, she noticed with disgusted satisfaction, uncontrollably aroused. As she stood in front of him with her hands on her hips, she found a determination to continue, if not with dignity, at least with strength.
"We paid for the premium service! Strip bitch!" He said in a gruff whisper trying to regain control and confirm his all too strong suspicions.
She gave him a look of total disdain and slowly lowered one shoulder of the leotard, and then the other, inching them down until one breast popped out, and then the other, the nipples erect and flushed from embarrassment and exertion. Still staring into his eyes with a hatred that overcame her humiliation she pulled the leotard down below her waist and then yanked it down with a flourish before turning and throwing it dramatically onto the pool table. She turned to face him freshly shaved, pale and exposed, and keeping her eyes on him, started to imperceptibly wriggle her feet apart.
"Frank was apoplectic, the strength of his anger belied by the bulge in his sweatpants.
"Jesus, you look like a fucking little girl!" He spluttered
His eyes were transfixed as they stared hungrily at her smooth hairless groin. She was slowly, tantalisingly lowering into the splits and had almost reached the floor, her legs still spreading apart, her unpeeling genitalia glowing pink and succulent only feet in front of him, when he stood and reached for her and she immediately knew he had completely lost control.
The woman behind him now also had anger blazing in her eyes and suddenly reached her hands forward, grabbed the waistband of his sweatpants and with a violent tug slid them to the floor placing her foot between his legs to hold them there. An incensed Frank, who often boasted he didn't wear underwear, was caught in mid step forward. His pale, stubby erection waved stiffly in front of him as desperately tried to pull his pants up, wobbling and almost losing balance. The woman spat contemptuously into her right hand, reached forward and grabbed the shaft of Frank's penis sliding up and down violently and forcefully.
Off balance and unable to take his eyes off Sarah, Frank ineffectually tried to pull up his pants with one hand whilst desperately trying to dislodge the relentlessly pumping iron grip on his penis.
Sarah's splits had almost reached their conclusion, her labia dangled down enticingly pink, mere feet in front of Frank's bulging eyes and as they brushed against the beer-stained carpet Frank bellowed.
"You fucking, pubeless... cunt... WHORE!"
And with that he ejaculated onto the carpet just in front of her.
A howl of laughter filled the pub and Sarah rose and quickly marched over to the pool table where she stood hands on hips haughtily facing the rest of the pub with her legs apart in a challenging and unbowed stance of domination. The pub quietened, agog to know what would happen next.
The woman who had so humiliated Frank wiped her hand on the back of his sweatshirt with a look of complete disgust and marched off in the direction of the Ladies, the crowd scattering to let her pass. Frank desperately pulled his pants up, dribbling into them and on to his trainers, still ranting crude insults, threats and incomprehensible gibberish.
A kitchen roll flew over the heads of the crowd and bounced in front of Frank.
"Wipe that fucking mess up and get the fuck out of my pub. You're banned! For life!"
The Landlord was furious, and with a quick turn of his head two large regulars stepped out of the audience and surveyed Frank with thinly disguised menace.
With Frank on his hands and knees wiping dejectedly at the carpet Sarah decided to finish with her most difficult and revealing moves yet...
She was flushed, aroused beyond belief and had the audience spellbound. She knew she could do anything...
She moved gracefully forward, her gaze focused straight ahead, and gripping her thigh in her hands slowly lifted one leg to the upright and hugged it to her face. She slowly pivoted. Her inner labia tantalisingly peeled apart revealing the opening to her vagina and her glistening clitoris peeked cheekily from its hood. Still staring into the faces in front of her she lowered her leg and turned to the pool table to reach back and pull a small bottle of baby oil from her tracksuit pocket and then slowly and deliberately walked over to directly below the pool table lights.
She paused and unscrewed the top of the baby oil bottle, squirting a generous amount into the palm of her right hand, and rubbing it into the mound between her legs, teasing her labia and clitoris until they glowed like pale rubies. With a casual and contemptuous flick of her wrist she closed the top of the baby oil bottle and tossed it back towards the pool table.
She bent over backwards and arched to place both hands on the carpet behind her, and with her legs inching apart, slowly and carefully lowered her head and shoulders to the floor. With her hands supporting the small of her back under her buttocks she started carefully lifting her legs until they were raised straight above her. She suddenly snapped them apart into the splits and her engorged inner labia stood faintly silhouetted like two small red horns as baby oil started to trickle down between her outstretched legs, dribbling between her buttocks and down her spine. With infinite care and excruciating muscle control she inched around the full circle. The bright lights glistened on the exposed, oiled, raw flesh between her legs, and a barely audible sigh of sheer lust washed through the audience. Perfectly aware of the view she was giving every customer as she swept slowly round, she smiled to herself triumphantly.
She knew she had them eating out of her hand, although she knew they were probably imagining eating out of her...
As she finally reached her starting point she flicked back upright and was just in time to see Frank being escorted to the door clutching his soggy bundle of kitchen towel by the two heavy looking customers. She smiled, gave a little farewell flourish of her hand and reached for her leotard and tracksuit.
She strode purposefully toward the Ladies, clutching the bundled clothes in her hand, the heady aroma of her arousal mesmerising the astonished men and scattering them before her. She turned, bowed slightly
"Paka, paka!" "Bye, bye!" She waved and opened the door just as the stunned silence exploded into a roar of applause.
"Hello... so sorry about that" The woman that had been with Frank emerged from a cubicle and offered a freshly washed hand.
"I'm Jane"
"Sarah, but you already knew that!" Sarah was barely cordial
"Only when Frank..."
"You with him?" Sarah snapped aggressively
"God NO!... Ok, we had a drunken fuck, he was crap and then he turned nasty, I... I think I'm a bit older than he will admit he likes.... I only came with him because I suspected he was up to something and guessed that you might be involved. He must have spread the word around about tonight" Jane tried to explain, and Sarah thawed slowly and put her leotard back on.
"He was planning something with his mates and was very secretive about it and then two weeks ago he got a letter which incensed him but seemed to excite him at the same time; His moods swung all over the place. I was only hanging around because he owed me money, but he went completely weird. He went looking for you at the club and came home ranting about prick teasing little pubeless bitches in leotards. If those Russian guys hadn't scared him off, I have no idea what he might have done."
Jane was almost crying, and Sarah put an arm around her.
"It's my fault, I did wind him up a bit!" Sarah said as she pulled on the tracksuit.
"Of course not, you were fantastic, so strong. He thought he could humiliate you and thought me being there would upset you and somehow impress me. When he saw you... completely shaved, it completely unhinged him, to be honest it shocked me a bit too! but, he's a sick fuckwit"
"Christ, I need a drink" said Sarah suddenly and she looked at Jane
"My friend's waiting in a wine bar round the corner, want to come? WE need some serious girl time..."
Sarah opened the toilet door and with a contrite Jane in tow, headed for the bar. The completely cowed landlord handed over her coat. A few cries of badly pronounced "dasvidaniya, paka" and "spasiba, Natasha!" punctuated through the more numerous "goodbyes, byes" and "thank yous" that echoed round the pub. The barman smiled and handed over a wad of banknotes.
"They had a whip round while you were in the loo, I've cashed it all up into notes for you. You were very good..." His face screwed up into what Sarah took to be concentration
"...Orc... Orchin kharashow!" He managed, mangling the Russian pronunciation.
"I'm not really Russian! You DO know that?" She said laughing
An Hour later Sarah and Jane had told Carla everything that had happened.
Carla renamed Frank; 'Frankenspurter' (which soon got around) and Sarah had bought a bottle of the best Russian vodka she could find for Aleksei.
And so...
A couple of months, a rash of restaurants and bevy of bars later. Aleksei moved into Sarah's new flat and was privately teaching her some completely unorthodox gymnastics moves, Carla was dating Sergey and was now a regular at the gymnastics club. And Jane was spending quite a lot of time with a friend of Sergey's who was still a bit of a mystery.
Natasha meanwhile did indeed become the agency's star and kept her edge!