My wife Karen and I aren't much into sports but when our friend Jack invited a group of us over to his new place, we decided to join in.
There were three other couples there: Rick and Angela, Frank and Nancy, Alex and Linda. It just so happened that Karen's alma mater was playing Linda's in one of those non-conference games. Alex and Linda had only been married for a few years and she and Karen have never got along.
Before the game even began, Linda started taunting Karen about the game, citing all sorts of statistics and boasting that her team would win. Linda suggested that she and Karen make a bet. Karen may have attended her school's games in college, but mostly for the social aspect. She just wasn't into sports the way Linda was.
Linda had a way of getting on people's nerves, especially Karen. Linda offered to bet on the outcome of the game overall, or which team scored the most points per each quarter, or some complicated bet involving a point spread.
Karen finally set her beer down with a thud and turned to Linda.
"It's easy to bet on money. Let's make it more interesting," Karen said. "How about whichever team scores the most points in each quarter, the loser has to remove a piece of clothing."
Linda's jaw hung open while everyone else gasped, and a few people giggled. Linda shook her head and said there was no way she would bet on that.
"What's the matter? Afraid you'll lose?" Karen taunted. "Not going to support your school?"
Linda, a petite blonde, was very attractive but fairly uptight and well covered in what she wore. She never wore a bikini, even though she had the body for it. Karen on the other hand, is an avid exhibitionist and loves showing off.
Karen goaded Linda mercilessly, telling her she was all talk and obviously wasn't as supportive of her team as she pretended; or maybe she was embarrassed of her own body. When Linda's reluctance wouldn't budge, Karen made a counteroffer. The loser could either remove an article of clothing or pay the winner $500 each time. Socks and shoes wouldn't count, and the amount would double for each quarter lost.
Jack joined in and suggested the loser should also have to act as our servant, fetching beers and snacks until the next quarter. The other couples were intrigued by this idea. Obviously, the guys wouldn't mind a bit of nudity with the game. If Linda was put in her place, then so much the better.
Linda looked at Alex for guidance.
"I don't know honey, that could get pretty expensive by the end of the game," Alex said. "Do you really want to lose your clothes?"
"She's not going to lose, because she's soooo certain her team is going to win," Karen said, taunting her. "Well Linda, it's time to put up or shut up."
Karen reached out her hand. If Linda rejected her, she would have no right to brag about her team anymore. If she accepted, the game would be a lot more interesting.
Linda had a look of reluctance on her face, but she reached out and shook Karen's hand. As they shook, Karen held on to Linda's hand and spelled out again what the bet was for; making sure everyone else understood.
All of us became a lot more thirsty, and the beer flowed freely as we watched the game. At the end of the first quarter, Karen's team was ahead. She looked at Linda with a devilish look on her face and told her lose the shirt.
Linda protested.
"Fine, lose your pants," Karen laughed. "Or you could fork over 500 bucks."
Linda looked at her husband.
"That's a lot of money, honey," Alex said with a shake of his head.
"But I'm not wearing a bra!" Linda said, irritated.
"Oh, that's even better!" Karen said with a laugh. "Let's see those tits!"
Linda protested, claimed it wasn't fair, etc. She looked to the others for support, but they weren't having it. The men wanted to see some boobs and all of us were tired of Linda's attitude. Besides, a bet is a bet.
"You're all being so mean!" Linda complained. She looked to Alex for support.
"You made a bet, honey," Alex said, exasperated. "You can't back out now."
Karen grabbed Linda by the hand and pulled her to her feet. Karen guided Linda to where she stood, facing the rest of us. Linda looked at her husband with a question on her face.
"It's a lot of money," Alex said with a shrug.
"If you're so sure your team is going to win, then you have nothing else to lose," Karen said, tugging at Linda's shirt. "Don't worry, we've all seen boobs before."
Linda looked at the rest of the group, but they told her it was time to pay up. Linda's face turned a deep red as she pulled off her shirt. Karen took it from her as Linda covered her breasts with her hands.
"Oh no you don't," Karen said as she reached for Linda's hands. "We all get a look, that's part of the deal."
"It's not fair!" Linda said, almost crying.
"You made a bet, Linda, it's time to pay up!" Nancy demanded. "We are not going to let you welch on this."
"You can't spend the whole game with your tits covered," Angela said. "Besides, I need another beer."
Linda's face turned even better as she dropped her hands. Karen grabbed insisted that Linda turn slowly around so we could all get a good look at her.
Her breasts were larger than I had imagined, though they fit her tiny frame perfectly. As embarrassed as she was, her nipples were rock hard. We all enjoyed the view each time Linda fetched a beer for someone. Alex seemed as interested in watching our expressions as he did in admiring the view of his topless wife parading around in front of us.
The second quarter was close, but once again Karen's team scored more points. Linda would have no choice but to remove her jeans. Naturally, she protested but she would have to cough up $1,000 if she reneged.
She shook her head and looked to her husband.
"That's a lot of money, dammit!" Alex declared.
"Yeah, and next time it'll cost you even more," Karen said.
"I don't want to be naked!" Linda complained.
"You're the one who made the bet," Alex replied, irritated.
By now everyone had a good buzz and they insisted that Linda pay up.
Once again, her face turned a deep red as she stood in front of everyone and removed her jeans. She was quite a sight, standing there in only her panties.
"Oh my God!" Linda said with a gasp. "We have two more quarters to go!"
"And you're almost out of clothes," Karen said with a laugh. "If you lose next quarter, it'll cost you $2,000 to keep those panties."
"What comes after that?" Linda asked nervously, as she looked down at her nearly-naked body.
"Oh, I don't know," Karen said with a sly look. "I'm sure we can find a way for you to pay up."
Everyone laughed nervously, though my dick really began to stir from the site of Linda's mostly-naked body and the thought of what else she could bet with. Linda looked as if she could cry at any moment.
Jack handed some money to Linda, who asked what it was for.
"The pizza guy should be here soon," Jack said with a smile. "I think our servant should have to answer the door."
The rest of us howled with laughter as Linda put her face into her hands and shook her head.
"It's what you agreed to," Angela said.
The doorbell rang and we all froze. Linda looked around the room at all of us, no doubt realizing that she had no choice. She snatched the money out of Rick's hand and headed for the front door. Alex followed her while the rest of us ran upstairs. From the interior balcony, we had a perfect view.
Linda opened the door and hid behind it as she asked the guy to step inside. Alex shut the door behind him and the pizza guy's jaw nearly hit the floor. He stood there with his mouth open, running his eyes up and down her body.
"Getting a good look?" Linda said with a hint of irritation in her voice.
The pizza guy was speechless. He looked about 18 years old. She asked him what the bill was, but he just stood there, ogling her. Karen was pretty sure he had an immediate boner. Linda asked again. This time the pizza guy responded as Alex took the pizzas from him and Linda handed over the money. The pizza guy took another look up and down Linda's body.
"That's it, we're done," Alex said.
The pizza guy came out of his fog and did a double take at Alex, as if noticing him for the first time, then headed for the door with a heavy sigh.
"I think he was hoping to get laid," Karen said with a laugh.
"Who could blame him?" Angela replied.
We all filed into the kitchen as we teased Linda about how turned on the pizza guy must've been.
"I swear he had a boner," Karen insisted.
"Well, at least liked what he saw," Linda said.
"Who wouldn't?" Angela said. "Girl, you've got an amazing body." She tweaked one of Linda's breasts.
I expected Linda to protest, but instead she just laughed. Maybe she was finally loosening up.
Linda breathed a heavy sigh of relief as her team won the third quarter. This time it was Karen's turn to strip. She practically jumped in front of the rest of us and slowly raised her sweater, teasing us with a slow reveal. The men all let out a sigh as Karen's naked breasts slid into view. Her breasts are much larger than Linda's and Karen loves showing them off. She turned around slowly, giving everyone a good look, then shook her breasts with her hands before letting them go.
At this point I was even more turned on, though I was also confused. I thought for sure that Karen had worn a bra underneath her sweater. Every time Karen fetched a beer for someone, she made sure to get as close to them as possible and leaned forward, practically dangling her breasts in their face. The husbands certainly enjoyed this, though I could see the wives checking her out as well.
The game was already close, but Linda's team came from behind with a strong fourth-quarter performance. Without a bit of reluctance Karen stood before the rest of us, stripped out of her jeans and kicked them aside. The g-string she wore left her ass cheeks exposed and her pussy barely covered. There were plenty of sighs and a couple of whistles from our friends as Karen turned around slowly to give everyone a good look at her.
By this point we were all pretty drunk and even Linda had loosened up a bit. Since the game was over, Rick put on some music. Linda suggested that our servant should entertain us with a dance.
"That wasn't part of the deal," Karen protested, though I could tell she was intrigued by the idea.
"You have to be our servant, that's the bet," Linda insisted. "I had to answer the door practically naked. Who thinks Karen should dance for us?"
The others joined in agreement, noting that the bet was to be our servant. Karen looked at me, biting her lip.
"Well, that was the bet," I said with a shrug. "I mean, we never said dancing...."
"Well, we never said answering the door naked either," Linda insisted.
Rick changed the music. We crowded onto the couches as Karen started to dance. She paraded around the room, twirling and tossing her tits about. She pranced over to the coffee table and bent over to put her hands on it. She looked at us with a smile and gyrated her body to make her dangling breasts jiggle for us. She moved slowly to the side, along the coffee table, so everyone got a good look at her.
Karen looked at the table. Jack read her mind and told her it was sturdy enough. Karen sat down facing us, spread her legs and shook her breasts with her hands. She then got on all fours along the length of the coffee table so we could check out her dangling breasts from the side.
She stood up, still on the coffee table, and danced like a go-go dancer. The view was amazing as we all looked up at her, shaking her tits and ass as she slowly turned around. Her pussy lips were nearly visible through the tiny g-string.
Karen stepped down off the coffee table and approached me, resting her knees between mine on the couch. She shook her breasts and tossed her long hair about. I reached for the g-string and started to pull it down, but Karen grabbed my hand and shook her head.
She made her way down the couch, giving everyone the same performance. Even the wives were transfixed by her spectacular body. After finishing with the last of the guests, Karen stood up and invited the rest of us to dance.
I leapt from the couch and approached her. Karen turned her backside to me and rubbed her ass cheeks against the hardon raging within my jeans. I couldn't help but reach around and caress her breasts. This didn't last for long, unfortunately, as Karen danced her way over to Angela. She reached for Angela's shirt, but Angela grabbed her hand and shook her head. Karen shrugged and pulled Angela close to her.
They proceeded to dance, as Karen ground her nearly-naked body against Angela. They danced face-to-face, nearly grinding on each other. Then Karen turned around and pressed her backside to Angela's front. Angela's hands roamed from Karen's bare ass, up her sides to Karen's breasts, barely touching them. Karen grabbed Angela's hands and guided them to her chest. Angela kneaded Karen's breasts for a bit, then backed away.
Rick danced his way to Karen and looked at his wife with a question on his face. Angela nodded, so Rick and Karen pressed their bodies against each other as Karen rubbed her crotch against his. Rick let out a sigh. After a couple of grinds, Karen turned around and pressed her backside against him. Rick groped her breasts and ground his crotch against Karen's ass.
They were both in heat, and they weren't alone. Every couple was fuck dancing, though all eyes were on Karen. I noticed Linda and Alex were face-to-face and grinding on each other. I approached Linda from behind. The hardon within my jeans was obvious as I pressed myself against her ass. She looked at me, panting, but said nothing and returned her gaze to Karen and Rick. I grabbed Linda around the waist and ground myself against her even more.
Karen turned away from Rick, but he grabbed her and buried his face between her breasts. She cupped them together for his enjoyment, but she soon broke free and danced her way over to Frank and Nancy, who were barely dancing as they kissed and groped each other. Karen squeezed herself between them, facing Nancy, and gave her a passionate kiss.
Nancy responded at first, but then seemed to catch herself and she looked Karen in the eyes, panting with heated breath, while Frank ground himself against Karen's backside and played with her breasts.
Karen put her hands on Nancy's shoulders and guided Nancy's mouth to her chest. Nancy sucked on Karen's breasts for a bit, before once again catching herself and standing up with a startled look on her face. Karen turned around to face Frank. She grabbed him around the neck and guided his mouth to her chest. He eagerly sucked on her breasts and fondled them with his hands.
Jack approached and Karen turned to face him. He groped her ass cheeks with his hands while she ground her body against him. They shared a passionate kiss before he feasted upon her breasts. Karen dropped to her knees and kissed his crotch while he let out a sigh. She reached up and Jack helped her to her feet.
Finally, Karen made her way to Linda and Alex. Linda was grabbing at her husband's dick through his jeans, while he had his hand inside her panties. Karen squeezed between them and gave Linda a passionate kiss. I imagine Linda would've normally rejected this, but she was so turned on she eagerly returned the kiss.
Alex and I backed away to enjoy the view, and everyone else stopped to do the same. Karen broke free of the kiss to suck on Linda's perky breasts. Linda offered no resistance as Karen guided Linda's mouth to her breasts and Linda buried her face between them.
Suddenly, Linda seems to catch yourself and she looked around shocked and embarrassed. She grabbed her husband by the hand and they headed upstairs together. The other couples soon followed, heading for other parts of the house.
That left Karen, Jack and myself alone in the living room. Karen approached me as I unzipped my jeans. She dropped to her knees, tugging my jeans and underwear down, and slid my dick into her mouth. After what had transpired, it didn't take long before she swallowed my load.
Jack had stripped off his clothes and approached Karen, offering his raging hardon, which she slid deep into her throat as he gasped with relief. He didn't last very long either and she milked him dry with her mouth.
Karen removed her g-string and dropped to the floor, pulling Jack with her. He buried his face between her legs as she let out a loud, guttural moan. I could hear similar sounds from elsewhere in the house. I knelt down and offered my limp dick to Karen, so she could revive me with her mouth.
As soon as I became hard, I pulled Karen onto all fours so I could fuck her from behind. Jack knelt in front of Karen and she hungrily took his dick into her mouth to revive him.
By the time I came inside her Jack was hard again, so he took my place and entered her from behind. I crawled over to the couch and leaned against it while I watched the two of them fuck. Karen's large breasts dangled and jiggled with every thrust.
The three of us retired to Jack's room for the night and thankfully, his large bed was still empty. Jack and I both woke up horny; so Karen alternated between the two of us, stroking and sucking on our dicks before swallowing each of our loads in turn.
Everyone else had already left by the time we came downstairs. They each left a note, thanking Jack for the party--and thanking Karen for performance.
The note from Linda and Rick had a message from Linda at the bottom "PS Karen, I want a rematch!"
On the way home, I finally had a chance to ask Karen about her bra as I thought she had worn one to the party.
"You mean this?" Karen said with a smile as she pulled a bra from her purse. "I took it off in the bathroom. Linda's team won the first round...."
"You mean quarter," I corrected.
"Right, well her team won the first quarter and I didn't want to be left behind," Karen said. "I might've had to leave the party without anyone seeing my tits!"
Karen and I suddenly found football to be a lot more interesting.