Steve pulled up at Cindy's house a few minutes late. Although normally punctual, he relaxed on Saturdays. There were three cars beside hers in the driveway but he didn't think much of it knowing he would be occupied with a list of chores. He parked his truck on the street in front of the house, irritated that he was unable to park closer since he had tools to carry. He got out of the truck and headed toward the front door, wondering what Cindy would want him to do first. He figured he should start with the gutters. Standing at her front door he looked up at the blue autumn sky. It was a perfect day to be outside but the forecast called for rain that afternoon. About to ring the doorbell, he remembered the water bottle he'd left in the truck, turned on his heel and headed back toward the street.
Walking back across her front yard, he looked at the cars in her driveway again and before a thought could form, a movement in his peripheral vision caught his attention. He looked back toward the house in time to see a woman's face looking through the living room window at the edge of the curtain. It wasn't Cindy. Odd. Who belonged to these cars? She must have some girl friends over for coffee or something. Whatever. Steve walked back to the front door, water bottle in hand. and rang the doorbell. Almost immediately, Cindy swung the door open as if she had been standing there with her hand on the doorknob.
"Hey Steve!" she said with an unusual, extra dose of enthusiasm. "Come on in! Come on in!" Steve was wondering what was going on as he stepped into the foyer, sensing the presence of Cindy's guests. There was talking and laughter coming from the kitchen.
The woman at the window appeared first. She seemed unusually energetic as well, smiling and almost giddy. She stared at Steve, which he found annoying. "So this is Steve," she said with a mischievous smile. "Hi, I'm Brenda. I live down the street if you want to do some more chores when you get done here." She continued to smile suspiciously as she studied Steve's face.
"I'll keep that in mind," Steve replied. Brenda was cute, but not someone he would really be attracted to. It was such an odd greeting at 9:30 on a Saturday morning. What a flirt, he thought, and why doesn't Cindy seem to be embarrassed by her behavior?
"I have a few friends over," she said shyly, "Let me introduce them to you." Steve followed her into the kitchen with the window woman close behind. Weird vibe, Steve thought.
Entering the kitchen Steve saw three other women, all of whom were in a boisterous conversation, laughing and speaking at more of a football game kind of volume. As they walked in, Cindy gestured to Steve and said, "Here he is! This is Steve." The ladies stopped talking and grinned as they studied him much like a man would observe an attractive woman who walked into the room. It caught him off guard but it was rather exciting to be the only man in a room w/ 5 women. Obviously, they were expecting him, looking forward to his arrival. What the heck is going on? Steve was mystified, but had to smile at the reception.
"Let me introduce everybody," Cindy said, trying hard to be as nonchalant as possible, although Steve was unable to discern it. "You've already met Brenda, she said, winking at her. Brenda grinned back at her, which Steve DID notice. She seemed simultaneously over excited but shy. They have some sort of inside joke, he thought. Whatever it was, they all seemed to be conscious of him not knowing what it was and in no hurry to let him in on it.
"This is Cynthia," Cindy said, looking nervously at the woman with apparently dyed black hair, which was tied back in a ponytail. She was attractive, late 40's, dressed in a light blue blouse, the first two buttons unbuttoned, revealing a thin gold necklace and fairly tight blue jeans.
"Well, well, well... Here's Steve," she said approvingly, as she looked him over. She appeared to be the ringleader of the group. Her smile was flirtatious. Steve sensed he needed to have his radar up. Something was going on. Cindy introduced the other two ladies. Leslie was thin, had curly blond hair and a bubbly yet shy demeanor in the way she smiled. Kathy was average in appearance to Steve. Her light brown hair stopped at her shoulders and was held back with a bandana. She was 15 to 20 lbs overweight. She also seemed excited about something and Steve decided to ignore the, "we know something you don't know," vibe filling the room. "I'm going to choose to not care, so I don't look as rattled as I feel," Steve thought. He wanted to appear above it all.
He smiled, acknowledging the presence of Cindy's guests, then turned to Cindy and said, "So uh... I think I should take care of the gutters first, since it might rain later. But if you'd rather, I can check out the sheetrock you want replaced in that room in the basement first. Do you have a preference?"
Before she could answer, Cynthia broke in, "What's the rush? Why don't you have some coffee and visit for a while." Cindy blushed, Brenda giggled excitedly and the other ladies seemed to bristle. Hmmmmm...
"Yeah, Cindy makes great coffee," Brenda said, "Why don't you have some?"
Cindy looked tense and Steve wanted to extricate himself from this increasingly uncomfortable situation. "No thanks, I had some before I left the house, but... thanks anyway." He looked at Cindy, expecting her to take charge, but she didn't.
Leslie spoke up. "Maybe it'd be good to sit for a minute or two and talk about what all she wants you to do. Are you sure you wouldn't like a cup of coffee?"
Steve figured it was time to take charge. There was an elephant in the room, and he was the only one who didn't know what it was. Not one to mince words, he practically blurted out, "What's going on here?" Everyone sat up straight, exchanged glances and Steve ignored the suspicious silence that followed. He looked at Cindy, obviously frustrated. "What do you want?"
Cindy was embarrassed, looking at the other ladies for support when Cynthia jumped back in, "Well, Kathy told us what her husband did last night and we're commiserating with her." Kathy blushed and looked down and Cynthia returned Steve's glare with a smile.
"Oh," he responded seeing Kathy's apparent discomfort, "I'm sorry." He was disarmed, "Then I should leave y'all alone so you can talk."
"Actually," Cynthia said haltingly, as she attempted eye contact with the other ladies, "We'd love to hear what you think about it." She smiled at him as if she was reading his mind. "Bill told her a lot, after she busted him, but after some discussion, we're curious about a few things."
Her last sentence hung in the air and every female eye seemed to burn into Steve's soul. "What's going on?" he thought to himself, unsure of what kind of conversation they wanted to draw him into. His curiosity was piqued, but he wasn't sure he wanted to conversationally tangle with 5 women. He looked at Cindy again, still hoping for some clarity or direction. "What do you want me to do?" he asked her impatiently. "Chores or chat?"
Cindy looked at Kathy, then Cynthia and then nervously at Steve. This was a side of her personality he had never seen at the community center where they both volunteered at the food pantry. He was still intrigued, but wanted to work on the gutters before it rained. Cindy seemed to be trying to figure how to say what she wanted to say. "Well... could we just chat for a little while?"
Steve felt trapped, but he was here to help Cindy, so if she wanted to use some of the time he had to offer for conversation, then so be it. "Ok, if that's what you want. You're the boss."
All the ladies grinned and exchanged glances. He had no idea of the significance of his statement. Cindy looked both nervous and relieved simultaneously. "Wonderful!" Cynthia said exuberantly. "So, do you want some coffee?
"How long will this take?" Steve asked.
Again the ladies exchanged glances, which Steve took note of and tried to steel himself for whatever was around the bend.
"Not sure," Cynthia said suppressing a giggle, which Steve found irritating. "Why don't we sit somewhere more comfortable." Cindy stood up and the other ladies followed suit and stepped into the adjoining den. Steve entered the room behind them only to find one chair left which went with the dining room suit. It seemed like it had been put there in anticipation of the coming convo. Hmm... Cynthia settled into a recliner to the right of the sofa, Leslie, Kathy and Brenda sat on the sofa, and Cindy pulled up a wooden rocking chair close to the opposite end of the sofa. They were all facing Steve and he felt like he was on trial.
"Have a seat," Brenda said, trying to cover her jittery excitement. "Can I get you some coffee?" She seemed anxious to get some for him, so Steve nodded his head. May as well.
"So... What did your husband do last night?" he asked, looking at Kathy, whose eyes were locked on him.
Kathy looked at Cynthia as if she needed permission to speak, but Cynthia shrugged her shoulders and gestured toward her to go ahead.
"Bill was with some friends from his softball team and one of them threw a party."
"Tell him what kind of party," Leslie said with a chuckle, her first comment since the introductions. "Go on, tell him."
Steve turned back to Kathy, wondering what happened at the party to create such a scene. Kathy took a deep breath, made eye contact with Steve and said, "It was a CMNF party."
"A what?" Steve had no idea what she was talking about.
"Oh, so you've never heard of that?" Cynthia said, as if this confirmed what she supposed.
"CM... What?"
"CMNF," Brenda said with a grin. "You've never heard of that?"
"No, what is CMNF?"
"It means, clothed male, nude female," Cynthia said, obviously enjoying Steve's discomfort. "What do you think about that? I bet you'd love to go to a party like that, wouldn't you?"
Steve was caught completely off guard. How do you answer such a question when you're the only man in a room full of women? Of course it sounded fantastic and to not acknowledge it would look ridiculously dishonest. "Well yeah, I mean gosh... What do you expect me to say?" He looked at each lady to read their responses and found expressions, which showed no surprise, but something else he was unable to interpret. He looked at Cindy and she was biting her lip. What the hell?
"None of us had ever heard of it either," Brenda said. "Bill told Kathy about it and we looked at a few links about it this morning."
Cindy said, "We wondered what you'd think of that, being a man and all..." She looked at Kathy, wanting her to take the baton, but Steve jumped in.
"Are you... y'all... wanting to have a CMNF party?"
"No, not exactly," Kathy said, beginning to blush.
"So, your husband went to a party where all the women there were uh... nude?" He was scrambling mentally in hopes of protecting himself from embarrassment. "Who were the women? Strippers?"
"No," Kathy said, "It was only one woman and she was the wife of the man who threw the party." Steve raised his eyebrows as she continued, "I know her, but I'm shocked that she'd do something like that. Bill said she roamed through the room, serving drinks and keeping snacks stocked up... Like a nude waitress." The guys all watched her and made comments about how sexy she was. She enjoyed their attention."
"What do you think of that?" Leslie asked, already knowing what he thought but wondering how he'd say it. Everyone leaned in for his reply, which Steve couldn't help but notice. Why were they so curious about what he thought? He felt like he needed to choose his words carefully, but still didn't know why.
"What am I supposed to say?" he asked with exasperation. "What is it you want me to say?" It was time to expose the elephant in the room.
The ladies all exchanged glances and Cindy seemed to tighten up. No one wanted to speak first, looking to the others, hoping someone would step up to the plate. Cynthia took charge again, but even she appeared hesitant. She swallowed and said, "Honestly, we also wanted to ask you about something else, too," She studied Steve's face before she continued. He had no clue. "Looking at a few links about it we found out about something else called... CFNM." There was a pause for Steve to take the hint. He didn't. Just like a man, Cynthia thought. "Can you figure out what that would mean?"
All the ladies were now on the edges of their seats. Steve sat there as the information finally settled into his consciousness. "Oh!... You mean, clothed female..."
"Nude male," Brenda finished for him. All of them were now smiling at him and he felt his entire body go limp. Leslie began to giggle, Kathy blushed and Cindy was biting her lip again.
Steve felt like he was in a trap without knowing what kind of trap it was or what it was for. "I see... So what do all of you think about that?" They knew what he would think about CMNF but he wasn't sure of what they would think about CFNM, although his discomfort gave him an idea.
Cynthia grinned at him, "Well, the more we talked about it, the more it seemed like it'd be fun."
"It isn't that we like the idea of seeing a man without any... Uh, you know... without any clothes on," Cindy said, flushed with embarrassment.
"No, its about being in charge, and the man being vulnerable," Cynthia said with a look of confidence as she interrupted Cindy. "I think about that woman walking around naked, like a slave and it makes me want the shoe ion the other foot."
"Literally," said Kathy, smiling for the first time. All the ladies laughed, glad to have some comic relief.
"So what do you want to talk with me about?" Steve asked uncomfortably. He had almost asked, "What do you want me to do?" But caught him self. He was trying hard to not say the wrong thing. "Maybe, I should get to work on those gutters, don't you think?" He looked at Cindy but she avoided eye contact, looking instead at Kathy as she answered him, "They're ok for now. Um..."
Brenda came to her rescue. "What would you think of a CFNM party? Would that be sexy to you?"
"I can see how some guys might like that and some would find that way too uncomfortable," Leslie said, trying to keep the dialog going.
"But what do YOU think?" Cynthia asked, thinking the ice had been sufficiently broken. A hush fell over the room in anticipation of his answer. In spite of all the weird vibes ever since he'd come through the front door, Steve was unprepared. Totally. Cindy had always been quiet, shy, and though she had obviously been talked into this, she was now on board. If he was sitting back in his recliner having some fantasy, this might seem extremely sexy, but sitting in Cindy's den, he was neither sure of what was happening or what they hoped would happen. How to answer?
"Um... Gosh... I am caught so off guard by this."
"See?" Didn't I tell you?" Cindy suddenly came alive. "Steve, I'm sorry! This is so embarrassing! I can't believe I let y'all talk me into this!" The other ladies were quiet as Cindy stared at them with exasperation.
Cynthia shrugged her shoulders and looked back at Before Steve could breathe a sigh of relief from Cindy's intervention, Cynthia looked at him slyly and said, "So, to get back to the question, what do you think about the idea of a Clothed Female Nude Male encounter?"
Cindy turned pale. The blood drained from Steve's face as well. "Well, um... I don't know. What do you mean by, what do I think about it" He hoped someone would say something to put his mind at ease. But again, it didn't happen.
"Of course I mean how does that sound to you? Would you enjoy being the man in a Clothed Female Nude Male situation?"
"Would that be a turn on?" Brenda blurted out, having wanted to know since the moment she saw him through the window.
Pin drop silence as the ladies waited for Steve to come out of shock and respond. He looked at Cindy who seemed to wait as anxiously as the rest of them. Why did he suddenly feel as if they were staring through his clothes? He gulped as he fumbled for an answer and unable to conjure what would appear to be an acceptable one he could only default to honesty.
"I... I um." It seemed he should feel turned on, but with Cindy there, it made him feel weird. They were neighbors. When he heard she needed some handyman chores done since she had been separated from her husband for over a year, he thought it would be nice to be the good guy and give her a hand. She had planned a great meal and for Steve, that was a terrific payback. What was happening now was from out of the blue, but looking at all these ladies who acted as if they were seriously "curious" was giving him a buzz. But he wasn't sure how to respond.
"It does sound kinda sexy," he finally said, feeling like he had just shared a deep secret. " I mean... does the idea of a CFNM thing sound sexy to you?"
They looked at each other and then back at him, then Cynthia spoke. "Maybe, but that's not the point." Cindy cleared her throat nervously, but not the same kind of nervousness she had displayed earlier, this was more of a clumsy kind of erotic thing. "WE want to know if YOU think CFNM is sexy."
"Why?" Steve asked in what sounded like a rather helpless tone, which he immediately regretted.
Cynthia smiled and Leslie spoke up again, "Because there are 5 women here and uh... 1 man."
"Perfect set up." Brenda said as she winked at him.
"Oh my God..." Steve felt his heart drop to his stomach, as he began to absorb what was being suggested
Leslie tried to help him out by pushing the point, "How would you feel about taking off all of your clothes in front of... say, 5 women?" The ladies all grinned at Steve and leaned forward to hear what he would say.
They were ganging up on him and though he knew he could get up and walk out if he chose, he didn't want to. He was intrigued, curious and aroused. He wanted to hold on to see if he was facing erotic adventure or personal humiliation.
Cindy was becoming excited, but hesitant to allow her self to step into it. She felt she should say something but had no idea what it would be. Kathy, who had been very quiet, spoke up. "I want to tell my husband I've had an experience similar to his and see how he responds." She smiled broadly at Steve, feeling she had leverage. "The woman at the party my husband went to loved being nude, accepted, safe and appreciated as attractive. She doesn't have a classic super model kind of body, but because she was brave enough to be nude in front of those men, she was very sexy to them."
Leslie interrupted, "You don't have to look like a movie star. It would be sexy to us simply because we're the boss."
"Right," Kathy picked up, "We aren't that excited about what men look like without any clothes on, but to have the upper hand is a tempting option we don't usually have."
"What would you do with the upper hand?" Steve asked, sounding like he needed a drink of water and a moment to catch his breath.
Cynthia grinned, "Hey, my husband usually has the upper hand, but..." and then smiling wickedly, "He's learned that he enjoys when I'm the boss."
Brenda laughed, "Yeah! I took control recently with Mike and he said later it was one of the best times he ever had!"
"B-but... What would happen, I mean... Well... I don't know what to think." said Steve still feeling pretty blank. "How would this work? What... what would you want me to do?" He realized with his last question he had practically offered himself to their purposes but the words were already out of his mouth.
"Oh! Don't you worry about that!" Cynthia said with glee, "We 'll show you!" All the ladies began to laugh and Steve was glad he was sitting down because all the strength drained from his legs.
"What do you mean?"
"Well first... you have to take your clothes off." Brenda said, almost shivering with excitement. Leslie squealed with nervous laughter and Cindy's tension became more turned on than nervous.
"Yeah, come on! Lets see some boy flesh!" Brenda shouted. "Drop those pants!"
"Don't be afraid," Kathy said, still more motivated by revenge than anything else. "We won't hurt you." Again the room filled with laughter.
"Wow," Steve said in a daze, "I don't know what to say."
"Tell you what," Cynthia said as she stood and walked around the coffee table to stand in front of him, "Why don't you stand up right here and uh... strip." She smiled seductively, "Everything."
"Come on you guys," Cindy pleaded, afraid they were pushing too hard, "You're scaring him to death. Ease up."
"Hey, you were all for this, Cindy. Don't try to be the hero now," Kathy said, slightly irritated. "All he has to do is get naked and serve us some coffee or something. We aren't going to rape him... are we?" she said turning to the other ladies who all broke out laughing again. Cindy clasped her hand over her mouth. This was getting out of control, she only wanted Steve to relax and want to go through with this.
"Would you like for us to rape you, Steve?" Cynthia chuckled as she looked into his eyes. The erotic anxiety in the room raised the temperature about 10 degrees. Steve was too in shock to respond.
" I think he just needs to undress for us and we'll all... um... check him out, I mean look him over, er... Somebody help me out," Kathy said meaning to smooth things out but realizing she hadn't.
"You're serious, aren't you?" Steve asked struggling to think rationally. He was excited but rattled at the thought of being dominated by a bunch of women. "Really, what do you want to happen? I mean, if I actually do this...Where will this go?" He felt himself giving in but struggled to embrace his pride and resist.
"Steve, this should be fun for you," Cindy spoke," I hope we haven't totally freaked you out, but... You DO seem to be interested, right?"
"Yeah, I think he wants to do it, right Steve? Would you enjoy us watching you take off all of your clothes?" Cynthia's voice dripped with sexiness and Steve felt like he was being carried helplessly down stream, but... enjoying the excitement of the ride.
"Good grief... This is crazy," he said, still trying to decide what to do. It occurred to him that if he walked out he'd regret it, but if he stayed, he might be humiliated. The gamble was real. "So I'm supposed to take my clothes off? What then?"
"Like I said, we won't hurt you," Kathy said reassuringly "Bill swore to me that the gal at their party was treated with respect and everyone enjoyed it, including her. I understand there WAS a little bit of touching, but very little. We'll be kind."
"So go ahead and get those clothes off." Brenda said, trying to get the show on the road. "We're waiting time."
"You could stand over here by the coffee table to undress," Cindy said, blushing deeply as she gestured to the table in front of the sofa where all the ladies had set their coffee, which was now cold.
It was silent as everyone waited for his reaction. He looked around the room at each face. They stared back silently.
'C'mon," Leslie said impatiently, "Lose the laundry."
Steve arched his back, cracked his knuckles and blew out a lungful of air. "Wow!" he said as he stood up and moved his chair back. "I can't believe I'm doing this."
"Neither can I." Cindy heard her own voice say. Brenda punched her in the shoulder.
"I don't think he should do this," Cynthia said suddenly as she sat back down, surprising everyone including Steve who felt both relief and disappointment.
"What! Are you crazy?" Although Brenda said it, its what they were all thinking, even Cindy who was finally on board. The gasps of surprise came from every mouth.
"Yeah, I really don't think he should take off his clothes," Cynthia said as she looked back at them. "Its just not right."
"Cynthia, what in the world are you thinking?" Kathy asked, shocked at her sudden and radical shift in perspective.
"Well, it seems to me that... " She took a deep breath and looked back at Steve with a smile. "I think, WE should take his clothes off!" There was a slight pause followed by screams, laughter, cheers and beneath it all the voice of Steve who was reeling mentally, emotionally and sensually in the careening craziness of the situation. He slumped back into his chair, Cynthia grinned at him lecherously.
"I LOVE it!" Brenda said to no one's surprise as she sprang to her feet.
Steve suddenly felt he had lost any remnant of control in the situation.