I hadn't driven nude for a while and decided that it was time to get back in the driving seat, so to speak. I planned on going out on Saturday evening, after all most people would be out and who knows who would see me.
The week flashed by and Saturday came and the anticipation of another adventure built throughout the day. As it's now summer it doesn't go dark until later so I waited until 9.30pm and then headed out in my t-shirt, trainers and shorts. No underwear - after all it was all going to come off anyway!
Slipping the car off of the drive I headed out along familiar roads and drove out of the city and into the countryside, heading through villages until I turned off onto a smaller lane. I drove along it and found a layby. Getting out of the car I stood in the middle of the road. Nothing stirred except a herd of cows hidden behind a hedge. I looked round and then slipped off my shorts first, followed by my t-shirt. Opening my car door I threw then in. I then walked round in the lane, it wasn't fully dark and here I was wandering round naked. Ah well, if a car came along I'd have to just see what happened.
I had wanted to climb a gate nearby into the field but it was the one with the cows in so as nowhere else looked inviting I got back into the car. As I did that I saw a car approaching down the lane, I started my engine and drove off, ahead of the other car. Knowing that they wouldn't know that I was naked, my heart racing as I drove.
The lane wove its way up and down and before I knew it I was in another village, lights were on, people were about and I was driving past them naked. My cock started to twitch and swell but no one saw me.
I drove out of the village and along the road as other cars passed me. I wondered if they could see that I was nude. Did they even care? More villages came and went until I came to a smallish town. I knew the place and the thought of street lights meant that I was easier to see. I came up towards a pub, I could see a crowd of people stood outside smoking and chatting. One of them looked towards my car but only a casual glance before he went back to talking to his friends.
I turned the car down a road that was almost opposite the pub. Now I hadn't been down here before and I drove past houses with people outside and my cock twitching. If anyone did see me I hadn't seen them. I just carried on, looking for somewhere to stop. Somewhere to get out and somewhere to walk around completely naked in the night air.
The road seemed to go on for ages before a turning appeared. I took the turning and headed down yet another unlit country lane. While it looked perfect there was nowhere to stop and explore. Suddenly I passed it, was it a gate way, maybe a drive way. Whatever it was, it was there on my right. I carried on, searching for somewhere to turn round. I then came to a couple of small houses and used the drive of one to turn round in.
I was now heading back towards the place I'd seen. Then it was there. I stopped and reversed back. It was unlit and on getting out of the car I could see that it wasn't a field gate way. Walking round I could feel the night air on my naked body, with my cock twitching as I looked round. There was a sign saying that there were some buildings further along. I couldn't see any and it appeared to be a really long driveway.
Turning round I looked across the road and saw a house. It was set back about 1,000 metres from the road. Lights were on in most of the rooms and I wondered it anyone had seen me pull up and park. I stopped, listening for sound and any movement. Nothing. Then just on the night air the sound of talking. It stopped me in my tracks. My heart raced again. I couldn't see anyone and it was more than likely from the house across the road.
I sat on the edge of the bonnet of my car, looking across at the house. Could anyone see me, this naked man out in the night air. My cock was swelling and I was turned on by the thought of someone in the house watching me. Looking at my naked body. Studying its form and looking at my thick, dark, swelling cock.
My balls tightened as I sat.
I imagined them sat or stood looking out of their windows. Watching me. Voyeurs looking as I looked back. The difference was I was naked and they would be clothed.
I thought about getting my mobile phone out so I could watch some porn. I dismissed the idea. I didn't need turning on and could imagine any number of women I knew being fucked by me or sucking me off or me fingering them or lapping my tongue round their shaven mounds.
My thick cock was stiff and hard and begging to be touched. I slowly clamped my hand round it, feeling its warmth and feeling the hardness of it. I stood up as if to emphasise what I was doing if anyone was watching.
Slowly I moved my hand up and down, slow deliberate strokes. Exposing the swollen head of my cock. I could see the pre cum glistening on the tip. I rubbed my fingers round it smothering the head of my cock in it. Then putting my fingers in my mouth so I could taste it.
I stopped stroking my cock and took time to squeeze my balls. Feeling them both in my sack, waiting for them to disgorge jets of spunk when I was ready.
I went back to my cock teasing it by pulling at my foreskin and then again slowly rubbing my hand up and down it. Could they see me? Did they like what they saw? Did they not like it and now they were on the phone to the Police, exposing the exposed by ringing and complaining that a man was naked and masturbating outside.
The thought of them seeing me made my nipples erect. Maybe they were fucking as they looked out and saw me. Maybe they were just watching tv or reading the paper and maybe they hadn't seen me at all.
I was oblivious to it all. My hand stroking my firmness, teasing it, feeling the bulge of thickness between my fingers. Pulling at it, imagining it slipping in and out of a woman's' wet pussy.
I imagined Charlotte at work. 5 feet tall, with her long dark hair, her round arse and her c cup boobs. I knew one of her nipples was pierced as she's told one of my female colleagues. I longed to see it, to see her pierced nipple and to lick and flick my tongue round it. Begging her to let me fuck her pussy.
My hand was moving faster as I teased and caressed my cock. I'd always like masturbating and tonight was no different. I imagined Charlotte on her knees in front of me as I wanked my cock over her open mouth. A mouth waiting for me to shoot my cum into it and onto her face.
I could feel my cum rising so I slowed down and then stopped for a moment. Walking round with my thick hard cock pointing towards the night sky. The air felt good and still no one had driven past where I was parked.
Sitting back down on the edge of my car bonnet I again started caressing my cock. Feeling just how good it felt. My hand was now going faster as my other hand squeezed my ball sack. I imagined the people in the house over the road willing me to empty my sack, to show them my cum. Rubbing my cock harder and faster I was lost in the moment as my cum rose. Suddenly my balls twitched and jets of hot, sticky cum shot out onto the dark tarmac. A sudden release of sexual tension as my balls emptied. Jets of sticky, hot cum. Not destined for anyone's mouth, face or anywhere for that matter but onto the floor.
I stopped stood up as my balls relaxed and I could feel my cock starting to go limp. I opened the car door and pulled out my t-shirt and shorts and put them on. I hope the people in the house got a good look if they were looking.
I had only just sat back in the drivers seat when a car drove past on the main road. Well, they'd missed the show!
Turning the key in the ignition I headed for home, happy to have had another nude adventure.