We had moved to the US from India and were in the process of looking for job and settle down. I focused on the job while the wife went to college to get her master's degree.
She is an extremely sexy woman and tends to flirt with everyone. One day - I came home and she had brought a young fellow - must be 23-24 latin guy extremely well built saying that he and she had a project and could he stay in the basement as their studies would take long into the night. I said no problem.
After watching TV for an hour, I decided to call it a night and went up to the bedroom to sleep. Soon I was fast asleep. Around 3 PM, I must have woken up as I realized that Pooja was not on the bed.
I got up and looked down at the hallway and realized that there was no one.
I got curious and excited. I have always wanted to see my wife being fucked by another man.. but I could not think she would do it in our house. I slowly climbed down the stair case and saw a sliver of light from the basement door.
What I saw made my heart beat fast and blood rushed to me head and my cock. Instead of being angry and upset, I was extremely excited. I saw my wife was bent over the guy and was sucking his long thick white cock.
She was deep throating him like a slut and he had his hands on her head and pushing her face against his cock. She would take him deep into her mouth and suck him good. She was a good cock sucker and would always make me blow my wad. Soon, I felt the guy was about to cum. He came with a loud grunt.
She swallowed every drop of his cum and her cheeks were hot and flushed. Then the guy kissed her on her mouth and they tongued each other for a good 10 minutes. I was now slowly stroking my cock and ready to cum but wanted to see what they would do next.
The guy lifted my wife up in his arms and put her on the bed. He slowly took off her t-shirt. She had no bra. She has big round and tight boobs with huge nipples. He started to lick and suck on them while his other hand pushed down her long skirt.
She has very nice round and sexy legs, He slowly touched them and spread them. He started to lick and kiss them all the way - she had a little fur but not too much.
She normally was all shaved but this guy was driving her crazy. She started to moan as he started to lick around her panty. Then with one quick move he removed her panty and she was completely nude. He started to tongue and finger her pussy.
He was and experienced lover for his young age. He was doing all the right things to her and soon I saw his face was completely wet with her wetness.
He pushed his shorts down - caught her legs and brought them apart and put his throbbing long thick cock on her swollen pussy lips. She grabbed his cock in her tiny hand and placed it between her lips and he pushed hard and was deep inside her. She was almost screaming into the pillow that he quickly placed on her face.
He slowly took out his cock all the way out and then slammed it in again - making her jerk and scream again, then with slow and steady pace, he started to piston his cock in and out of her hot slick wet pussy and she was clawing him back as he slammed his hard manhood into her tight yet slick pussy.
They both came together and he shot his load deep inside of her. She was shaking as if her body would buckle any time. He kissed her again and then tongued her for a good 5 minutes. I looked down and I had shot my cum all over my hands and my pajamas.
I rushed up and cleaned and went to bed. After ten minutes my wife came in - had a quick shower and snuck into bed naked and took my hard and raging cock in her mouth. I turned her over and must have fucked her the hardest in my life that night. She still has no clue that I had watched her being fucked by her classmate.