I'm a sexy, fifty-two-year-old mother of three. Recently, my husband and I moved into a new area. We now live in a small apartment block in the coastal town of Italy.
My husband had let slip a secret that he will desire me more, knowing that other men are wanting me as well.
"That's it. Watch me being fucked," I said to him. "Oh . . . that . . . feels . . . good," I said to my husband.
My husband had taken me to a local beach. We had walked to a secluded beach where he proceeded to fuck me. We had been caught out by two fishermen who had climbed over the rocks.
This story picks up from the end of Estela's Awakening Part 2.
My husband was thrusting his hips, which made his cock push deep inside me. My dress had bunched up around my waist, and I was fully exposed to these two men.
"Oh . . .fuck . . . this . . . is . . . so . . . good . . . that . . . feels . . . sooo . . .good," I moaned.
The young fisherman was the first to cum. As his cum erupted from his cock, my husband thrust one last time into me as I got filled with his hot seed.
Watching the young man in front of me cumming on the sand and feeling hot cum fill me up was all it took for me to have a fantastic orgasm.
I could feel the skin around my neck become flushed as the orgasm raced through me as my tits rose and fell due to my heavy breathing.
I reached behind me with my arms and gave my husband a hug. "That was beautiful," I said, looking at the young man in front of me.
It was then that I saw the older fisherman had his cock out and was stroking it in front of me. As he looked at my husband and held up a condom, he said, "It's my turn to fuck this slut."
I didn't say anything, but my grin must have given me away. It felt naughty to be talked about this way. That's right, I was a slut and was loving it.
My husband was enjoying it too, as his cock was still hard. Turning me around, my husband guided my face down to his cock, which was still dripping wet after fucking me. I knew what he wanted, and so I started to clean him up.
I could hear the foil wrapper being torn open, and shortly after that, the other fisherman pushed his cock deep inside me.
I let out a squeal as this new cock impaled me. His cock wasn't thicker than my husbands, but he did seem to feel deeper inside me. It was a strange feeling as this was the second cock I had ever experienced. I have only ever fucked my husband as I was a virgin when we got married.
One cock filling my slick pussy and another deep in my throat. Oh, what was happening to me?
The stranger banging into me from behind forced my husband's cock deeper in my throat.
Eventually, my husband pulled his cock out of my mouth. "I want to watch you getting fucked," he hissed.
The young fisherman had come around and was sucking on my nipples. My nipples are always extremely sensitive after I have cum, and I let out a long moan as I willingly let these two strangers take advantage of me.
I looked over at my husband, and he had the lens of his phone pointing at me and was videoing me.
I was awash with feelings as, at that moment, my very existence seemed to be for sole purpose pleasuring these three men.
These thoughts set off my next orgasm, which went on for some time as the man behind me continued to pound into me while the man in front stopped me from falling over. I heard the man behind me groan as I felt his cock swell and erupt in me. I could feel his cock twitching in me as he filled his condom with his warm seed.
I looked over at my husband and said, "You're loving watching your wife get fucked by these men, Aren't you? You tame cuckold."
Just as I said these words, my husband's cock erupted for a second time as he sprayed his cum onto the sand. I reached over and grabbed his twitching cock as the last of his cum oozed out.
This was a first: my husband does not usually cum twice in one session. Maybe there was more my husband's secret that wanted other men to desire me. Perhaps he really wanted other men to enjoy me, while he watched.
***
Please vote five stars if you like my story. Thanks.