We were nearing opening weekend of deer season but I was getting excited for a different reason this year. My wife had agreed to find a friend to help her volunteer at Smitty's for the weekend knowing it would be crazy busy with all the hunters and the regular waitress would be back at college. She had already helped Smitty out twice by volunteering when he had some road crew guys finishing up a job in the area. She made some great tips taking care of both crews. She gave them extra service as she misunderstood the other waitress when she said she "serviced" the guys. My wife interpreted it as she had sex with them, when in fact she hadn't. However, my wife did with both crews and really made some great tips, and I got to watch my very conservative wife do some really crazy things.
She hadn't told me yet who she got to help her, but she said it would be fun and her husband was totally on board with anything they did. He was going to be there as well and help behind the bar as it could get pretty busy with all the hunters. Thursday night would be just locals, but Friday and Saturday would be very busy with all the guys in for the hunting season. She had been talking with Smitty to make sure he didn't mind the other two people volunteering as well. Which he didn't. The locals wouldn't be looking for special service, but the hunters can be quite interesting, he said.
We spent Wednesday night at camp and I was beginning to wonder if she really was able to get another woman to "volunteer" to help out. She assured me that they would be at Smitty's around four to help set up and not to worry. She told me that I knew who they were and wouldn't be disappointed.
We showed up at Smitty's a little before four to start stocking the coolers and making sure the bar was clean. My wife was wearing her tight jeans and a tight low cut top, which didn't seem like her usual attire for Smitty's. The last two times she wore real short skirts that showed off her long toned legs. Thursday night would be the local crowd, according to Smitty, and it wouldn't get too crazy, but you never can tell with these folks he said.
As I was coming out from the stock room, my friend Jeff and his wife Amy came in through the front door. "Hey, what are you guys doing here? I didn't know you had a camp in the area."
"We don't, we're staying at your place this weekend. Your wife seems to have talked my wife in to volunteering to waitress this weekend. She said the tips will be great and the shafts will be even better, whatever that means," Jeff said jokingly.
"She's in the kitchen," I said to Amy, who was carrying a duffel bag. "What's in the bag?"
Our friend Amy is very similar to my wife. Fifty years old, about five feet seven and about 145 pounds. Like my wife, she has nice breasts and a firm ass with long legs that she likes to show off whenever she can. She also has a witty personality and isn't afraid to use it.
"Our uniforms for the weekend. You'll be happy with them, I promise you," Amy said.
Jeff said, "I know what's going to happen. I can't wait to see how she reacts. She said your wife fully briefed her on what to do and what most likely will happen."
When the two women came out of the back, they were dressed in metal looking shimmering micro halter top dresses that barely covered their asses, leggings and high heel ankle boots. The dresses looked great and the men would love them, and with the leggings, they wouldn't be too obvious if there were families in tonight. Both Jeff and I were impressed with how they looked, and we noticed they weren't wearing bras, which made their boobs really sway. How they didn't pop out was beyond me.
"Hello boys, meet "Thelma and Louise". That's what we shall be called tonight," announced Amy.
"Who's who?"
"Your wife is "Thelma" and I'm "Louise."
It was a steady Thursday and nothing really overwhelming. The girls didn't have a problem keeping up and they did provide great service. If they weren't wearing the leggings, the micro dresses would be very revealing, but because they were, it just looked like they were long shirts. They kept the people happy and nothing seemed out of the ordinary.
As the last of the tables left, two different three tops walked in. My wife instantly recongized them from last month as the two tables who were in when she was waiting on the road crew guys. She had fun with them last month and thought this night was now looking up. They split up just like last month and the women decided it was time to lose the leggings and went in to the kitchen.
When they emerged, they didn't have the leggings on anymore and man did they look nice and did their legs look long and toned with the heels and short dresses. Thelma walked over to one table and Louise walked over to the other, both women making sure to bounce and jiggle as much as they could. When they got to the tables, they each made sure to have their backs facing the other table and both bent over to lean on the table and wipe them down so they were clean. They stayed leaning over, showing their lovely cleavage to their own table, while showing their now pretty much exposed ass to the other table while they took their orders.
"I remember you guys from last month. You left too early, it got a lot more fun a little bit later on. Is that why you guys are starting later this time?" asked Thelma.
"Yep. Smitty told us to come in later and avoid the family rush. He said you would be training in another girl tonight and we wouldn't want to miss it. He said you give great service and we want to experience it."
"He did huh? That sly old dog. He is really looking out for you. I'm Thelma and that's Louise. She has a pretty nice ass, as you can see. What'll it be to start off?"
Both tables were doubly distracted, looking at the cleavage of their own waitress while staring at the almost naked ass of the other waitress. This caused them to really be slow in deciding what to drink. Which was fine from where Jeff and I stood, we never mind staring at our wife's when they are wearing sexy stuff.
Once the guys decided, the women both stood and spun rather quickly, making sure to not pull their dresses back all the way down to make sure that their own tables each got a nice look too. Being that they were rather tight and had ridden up a little they stayed up nicely giving a great shot of their thongs as they walked away.
When the girls brought the drinks, they told them the special that Smitty was running for food. "Tonight we have a titty breast sandwich, served open dress, with mashed potatoes and gravy, and a side of glazed nipples. Wait, that's not right. I mean a turkey breast sandwich, served open faced with mashed potatoes and gravy served with glazed carrots. Silly me. I don't know what I was thinking," said Louise.
"I think I am speaking for everyone when I say we'll have the titty breast sandwich, that sounds really good," said Larry. Both tables erupted in laughter and ordered another round of drinks at the same time.
When the girls came out of the kitchen with their trays full of food, Jeff stopped them as they walked past the bar. "Gotta make sure you ladies are treating the customers right." He hoisted their dresses up over their hips to make sure that their entire asses were exposed as they went to deliver the food. As he did that, he was surprised that they had both removed their thongs and were now really completely exposed. "Well, looks like you two are on top of things already."
"Weren't expecting that, were you. I hope you're ready for this tonight, we've got a couple of things planned," said Thelma.
As the ladies approached the table with their lower half's completely exposed, it was Jared who noticed it first and elbowed Pete next to him. It went around the table quickly and then the other table noticed as well. All six sets of eyes were watching them as they walked up with their trays carried up on their shoulders, making sure that nothing was covered down below.
The ladies, not wanting to give in to the embarrassment of being exposed didn't bother to pull their dresses down when they set the trays down to deliver the food. They just went about serving the table like nothing had happened. They made sure to lean across the table to expose their cleavage and making sure their naked asses were on display for the other table. The guys really loved this and were very helpful by putting their hands on the ladies inner thighs to stable them so they wouldn't fall over.
As they set the food down, Louise said, "There you go boys. Turkey breast sandwiches, served open face with glazed carrots. We also brought you some fresh buns, as you can see, that maybe you could butter a little bit later, if you're up for it," as she gave a little wiggle and turned to walk away.
John said, "This isn't what we ordered. These were supposed to be titty breast sandwiches served open dressed with glazed nipples. What the hell."
Thelma said, "Let us go and check with the kitchen and see what happened. But, the turkey does look good doesn't it?"
Thelma hustled back to the kitchen, with her completely exposed lower half wiggling and jiggling the whole way, and grabbed the glaze and started to head back to the tables. As she approached the table she could see that every set of eyes were on her and she said, "see anything you like?"
"Sorry about that boys. We grabbed the wrong order, here you go." Both women then untied their halter tops and let them fall down around their waists, thus totally exposing their breasts as well now. "Titty breast sandwiches with open dresses. Now for the glazed nipples."
She took the glaze and drizzled it over her tits and rubbed it around. Louise then did the same for her table. Both women then sat up on the tables and let the men lick the glaze off their nipples and breasts. There they were with a guy sucking and licking on each breast, the men pushed them back on the table and made sure to lick and pull on their nipples to make sure they got it all. Seeing as they were laid back, this gave the third guy at each table a perfect opportunity to pull up a chair and lick their now exposed pussies. Both women were very aroused by all of the attention and the men kept drizzling more glaze on their breasts. They couldn't hold out any longer and both had a big loud orgasm as they came almost together.
As they came down, Louise then suggested they play a little game of pool. "Here are the rules. You guys divide up in to two teams of three. Each man puts $200 into a pool. Regular bar rules apply, except, when you are done with your turn, provided you sunk at least one ball, you get to either get a blow job or fuck one of us until the next player on your team becomes eligible. If you don't make at least one ball, your balls won't get any attention. The first guy to cum gets $300, the second guy gets $200 and the third gets $100. The last three get no money at all as the remainder of the pot goes to us, for providing great service. After you guys decide the teams, you decide whose holes you're going to use for the game. Team Thelma or team Louise. We'll go get another round while you guys set it up."
As the women were coming up to get another round, they finished taking their dresses off so all they were wearing were their high heel ankle boots. "Don't want to get anything on the dresses. We may want to wear them again sometime," said Louise.
The teams were picked and the balls were racked. The first guy was Pete, and he was on team Louise. He didn't sink any on the break so he had to go sit down. Then came John, from team Thelma. He sank his first shot and told her to start warming her mouth up as he would be asking for a blow job. He intentionally missed the next shot and tried to snooker the next shooter from the other team.
Thelma walked over and got down on her knees and undid his pants. He was already hard anticipating what was going to happen. Thelma grabbed an ice cube from his drink, sucked it in to her mouth and said, "Ready for something a little different?" She held the ice cube in her mouth for about fifteen seconds and then spit it out. She slowly worked her mouth over the tip of his cock and he felt crazy cold sensations. She then slid it all the way down and started to juggle his balls while sucking him deep in to her throat. It was heaven and he was building toward his climax quickly.
Back at the table, Jake made a ball for team Louise and said, "Yeah baby. I will be having me a blow job too. Get ready." After seeing what John had done, he also intentionally missed the next shot. By the time Louise had dropped down in front of him, he was bursting at the seems in anticipation. Louise, not wanting for her team to feel left out, did the same ice cube trick, with a little twist. She started to massage his prostate as she had him deep in her throat. Jake was really moaning with that and thought he would lose his load very quickly.
Next up was Kevin. He made his shot as well and said, "John you better hurry up and cum or you'll be waiting for awhile. I want to feel that warm pussy around my cock, so why don't you lean over the table so I can put it in darling." He then proceeded to miss the next shot.
Thelma stopped playing with John and walked over to the table nearest the pool table, where Kevin was already waiting with his hard dick out and ready to go. She turned around and bent over the table and Kevin was able to slide right in. He wasn't going to waste any time as he knew that he was in a race against Jake, who was already ahead of him. He started to really pound her hard and fast trying to get over the hump. We could hear him grunting and his legs slapping the ass of my wife as he rode her hard.
At the table, Larry was up and didn't really have much of a shot and was unable to sink anything. Then came Bob, for team Thelma.
It was too late. Under the masterful mouth of Louise, Jake started to really moan and decided to pull out and spray his load all over her face and tits. As he did, he yelled, "Yeah!! I get the $300 and I glazed not only her nipples, but her face too!"
Just then, Kevin pulled out and shot his load all over Thelma's ass. "$200 for me and I got to butter her buns!"
It was now Bob's turn and he was able to sink a shot and then quickly missed the next one. He told Thelma, "Now you stay right there, bent over the table. I want to feel how warm you are."
Bob was already hard by the time he pulled it out of his pants and was able to slide right in. He didn't seem to be in a hurry as he slid in nice and slow, enjoying every inch of the penetration. Once all the way in, he withdrew slowly as well. Once he got to the tip, he rubbed it around a little to make sure that her clit was getting a nice little tickle too. She moaned loudly and started to push back to try and get him to enter her. He understood and slammed his cock all the way home. He was now into it and decided going slowly was no longer an option. He proceeded to ramp up the attack and pounded her hard and fast.
Back at the table it was now Pete's turn and he sunk his first shot and then missed intentionally. He looked over at Louise and said, "I want a nice warm mouth and yours is the one I want. Why don't you come over here and win me third place."
Louise walked over and as he sat down on a bar table, she went down on him, which caused Jeff and I to get a nice look at her shapely ass. She didn't waste any time as it was a race to see who could get the number three spot and grab the $100 left in the kitty for the guys. She worked feverishly knowing that Thelma and Bob were ahead of them.
Bob, knowing this too was doing all he could to speed up the process. He told her "get down in front of me and take it in your mouth. I'm getting close and want to make sure that your nipples get glazed as well."
At the table, John sunk a shot for team Thelma and yelled over to Bob, "Pull out, man, it's my turn."
However, it was too late as Bob pulled out and sprayed his load all over Thelma's face and tits as he announced, "$100 for me! You losers don't get anything." As he was coming down and riding the last waves of his orgasm, the other winners divided up the kitty. Pete stopped and pulled out as the game was over and he wouldn't get any money, just like John and Larry.
The three winners bragged up their winnings as they were heading towards the door. "You losers settle up the tab and we'll see you next time."
Louise looked at the three losers, and said, "Well boys, no money for you, but you can still recieve some top notch service. Two of you are from my team and I want to make it up to you. Why don't you sit on the chair Pete and I'll it make it worth your while."
Pete took his pants off and sat down on the chair. Louise went over and started to give him some head, making sure that his cock was nice and slobbery. Without warning, Jeff's wife turned around and slowly slid down on his lap, letting his cock slide in to her ass. The feeling was nice and tight and warm and Pete was in heaven. "Come here Larry. I want you in my mouth."
Larry walked over with his hard dick bobbing lasciviously in front of him. She didn't hesitate and took him deep without any trouble. Jeff was watching from behind the bar as his wife had one guy in her ass and another deep in her throat. She started to work Larry over hard and he wouldn't last long, and he didn't. Surpisingly he pulled out and shot his load all over her tits and face.
As he was coming down, Louise made sure to get every last drop and milked him onto her chest, Pete asked her to stand up. Lousie bent over the chair and Pete took her from behind.
He went to town on her ass and just as he was nearing his own orgasm, Louise screamed, "Oh yes, I'm coming!" The contractions of her ass caused him to go over the top and he pulled out and sprayed his cum all over her ass and partway up her back.
While that was happening, Thelma dropped down in front of John and said, "let me finish what I started earlier." She slid his all the way in to her mouth and began to finish the blow job from before. Watching his buddies banging Louise and having his dick sucked brought him over real quick. As he was starting to cum, he pullled out and shot all over Thelma's tits as well.
"There, another nice batch of glazed nipples. Hey bartender, you want in on some of this action?"
"We're not allowed to fraternize with the staff. They're here for servicing the customers," said Jeff.
The guys squared up the tab while the women cleaned up and when they left, they each thanked them and left a realy hefty tip on top of the kitty.
Louise said to us, "that was crazy. I've never done stuff like that before. I don't know what came over me, but I couldn't stop."
"I think all of them came over you," I said jokingly.
"Kind of fun not having to follow any rules, once in awhile, isn't it? We still have two more nights of this," said Thelma.
As we got back to camp, the women were walking in front of us wearing just their little micro dresses. They looked great showing most of their asses as they wiggled up the walk. After watching them suck and fuck, Jeff and I were ready for a little action ourselves.
They were talking and we could hear them say, "Why do men always think that the harder they suck or pull on our nipples, the better it feels? When they were drizzling that glaze, man did they suck and twist something fierce."
"I don't know, but sometimes it just hurts. My nipples are so sore right now and sticky. I don't know if it's from the cum or the glaze," said Louise.
"And don't get any ideas back there. We are sore and tired from working our asses off tonight."
"In the past you have always tipped out the bartender with sexual favors," I said.
"Maybe so, but Jeff said you guys don't fraternize with the staff and seeing as we are staff, I guess you guys don't get anything," said my wife.