He's such a tease sometimes.
He watched me out of the corner of his eye as he made the group of people he was talking to laugh with a well timed joke. He could charm anyone when he turned it on full force like that and it seemed tonight he was all about turning things on at full force.
Particularly me.
I swirled the straw in the drink he ordered for me. Some fancy aged whisky I was entirely too uneducated to be drinking but enjoyed immensely all the same. Who puts a straw in whisky? Absolutely no one in their right mind would, which likely explained why I'd done it. He'd driven me out of my right mind and I needed any distraction that kept my hands and mouth busy. Too bad I couldn't keep my eyes off his equally busy hands and mouth. The way his fingertips tapped and danced across the bar top, forearm muscles flexing in that way that made it difficult for me to focus my attention. My gaze flicked from his hands, one finger dragging a drop of moisture down the side of his glass, to his forearm and the way each muscle worked before it traveled up his bicep and chest to his jaw and finally came to rest on his mouth. He brought the drop of water he'd been toying with to his lips, tongue darting out to lick it away almost absently but when my eyes widened and I glanced up at him, he winked.
In a rush of heady desire that flooded my body and settled like a burning knot between my thighs, I realized he'd been hoping for this. I realized every decision he made to this point was with calculated intent to ignite my desire and this teasing game he so loved.
I rolled my eyes, smiling despite myself even as I felt my cheeks tint pink at being caught staring.
Such a fucking tease.
I shifted in my seat, restless with the buzz of need and my acute awareness of him. Not only of the heat of him at my side, but the draw of his breath, the tick of his pulse and the sparkle in his eyes.
That sparkle is exactly the reason it took us ages to get out of the house. He'd been less coy then, and our friends were lucky he was such a stickler for keeping plans and being on time. I'd have happily blown the whole night off to finish what he'd started when he walked up behind me as I stood in front of my closet wearing nothing but my panties and a scowl.
His hands had run the length of my torso before winding around my waist, lips finding their way to his favorite spot on my neck as he met my gaze in the full length mirror against the wall.
"What's wrong, beautiful?" His words against my skin sent a shiver down my spine and smoothed the furrow on my brow as my focus shifted to him from my lack of suitable outfit options.
I made a sound of frustration and gestured broadly to my clothes before putting my hands over his arms, holding him to me and soaking up the comfort of his touch.
He laughed, the sound vibrating through his chest and into my bare back. I pressed closer into him involuntarily.
"You know you look incredible in anything, but if it's bothering you that much, why don't I choose something for you?" He asked, knowing I'd jump at the offer. I loved when he dressed me, as it always made me feel hyper aware of his eyes on me. Knowing I was pleasing him by doing as he'd said, but also knowing I was teasing him because he always chose his favorite things to take off me at the end of the night.
He'd chosen a red silk top, black jeans, and my favorite leather jacket. With every item of clothing he laid out for me, his grin grew broader and as I pulled them on slowly, I didn't miss the subtle way he adjusted his jeans to hide his apparent approval of my reverse strip tease.
I grabbed my bag, checked my hair and held my hand out to him with plenty of time to spare. We were set to be a little early even as I beamed at him, "Ready to go, sweetheart?"
He said nothing, but stood from where he'd sat on our bed watching me and I saw his intent before he was on me. He was ready to go alright, but it wasn't out the door. His hunger was evident in every line of his body, in the sparkle of his eyes and the intent of his prowl as he approached me.
He advanced until he was on me, hands gripping my hips as his mouth came down on mine in a kiss that left my immediately breathless. But he didn't stop there, he walked us back until I felt the wall at my back and him at my front. His hands slid down, over my ass with a quick sharp smack, and then to the backs of my thighs as he lifted me without breaking our kiss.
I hooked my legs around his waist, hips shifting to seek what I know I'd find where our bodies met. The hard, hot length of him, pressing against the soft wet need of me but separated by the layers of our clothes that reminded me that we had somewhere to be and this was a little bit forbidden. That only made me want it more. Wanthimmore.
When he brought his hand to the nape of my neck, gripping me there out of respect for the effort I'd put in to taming my hair (I made a mental note to thank him later for that), I moaned into his mouth. I could feel the desire that flooded my body when he growled in response, as if the very sound was a release valve for my control that slipped with every passing moment. With my control waning, so too was my awareness of our obligations that seemed to matter much less.
He withdrew his kiss, lips moving across my jaw and down my throat, nipping at my pulse and sucking at my skin until I purred and arched into him. He pushed back, hips grinding into mine as he braced a hand against the wall and lowered his head further, toward my chest until he nudged the fabric of my top out of the way and bared the swell of one breast.
This growl was involuntary and though I couldn't see his eyes, I knew they'd just gone a shade darker with need and I smiled. My hands went to his hair as his mouth went to my breast, sucking and nibbling at the soft, sensitive skin with obvious intent to leave a mark. An intention I so loved. His marks were my favorite accessory, one I always wore like a badge of honor.
He raised his head to admire his work, nodding his approval as he lowered one hand from the wall and carefully situated my top back into place.
Gently, he'd lowered me back to the ground before stepping away and smoothing the front of his shirt with a smile, "Now I'm ready to go."
Fuck sake. I think I'd actually growled at that, but go we did.
And here we sat, me still stewing in all the desire he'd stirred up and him still gloating on much the same.
As we sat in the bar of this busy restaurant, surrounded by friends and strangers alike, I remained aware of what he'd done to me. What he was still doing to me and the way the evidence of his effect gathered between my thighs and dampened the soft lace of my panties. The heat he stirred up in me made the room feel stuffy and hot, so I shrugged off my jacket and rolled my shoulders an effort to relax the sexual tension pulling them taut.
I sipped my drink through the straw and watched him shake his head at the action without missing a beat in the conversation he was having. One I'd entirely lost awareness of. I tried to let the burn of the whisky override the heat of my want and get my head back in the game. I focused once more on the pair of friends he was laughing with; his effortless banter and wit just as compelling as his sexual prowess. I focused on his words, on the cadence of the conversation to try to reframe my thoughts but just as I seemed to come back to myself, he caught my eye once more and his gaze dropped to my cleavage- and the mark he'd left there teasingly peeking out of my top- with a wry smile before he offered me a single, silent word.
"Mine."
Though no sound left his lips, I had a visceral reaction as if he'd spoken it directly into my ear. My skin prickled as the effect of him hit me and the veil of focus I'd so tentatively built washed away in a renewed flood of my desire. I gulped, and then brought my glass to my lips and gulped that back too. Amusement danced in his eyes as he watched me down the beverage absolutely intended to be sipped.
My thoughts drifted to the fresh mark he left on my breast, to the feeling of his hard cock pressed against me and the vibration of his own want in his growls against my skin. This time, there was no recovering them. But I had an idea.
I stood abruptly from my chair and his hand immediately went to my back.
"You alright, honey?" He focused on me with his words, concern and curiosity pulling him from the conversation.
"Yes, of course. Just need to step out a minute. I'll be right back, okay?" I told him with a sweet smile, hoping he could see the intent in my eyes even as I cast a polite glance to the rest of our party. I nodded at them, kissed his cheek and stepped away from the bar with a small wave. He wanted to play, and I couldn't resist the invitation.
Once in the ladies room, I tugged down the skintight jeans he'd chosen carefully until they slid off over my heeled boots. My lace panties followed the jeans into the floor with a single tug and wiggle of my hips and I l bent to retrieve them with a smile, feeling the dampness of the fabric as I gathered them in my palm.
I pulled my jeans back on but paused before fastening the zip as I dipped my fingers inside of them and between my thighs to find the mess he'd already made of me. I ran my fingertips through hot, slick need and tried not to think about how good the touch felt. I was here to play, but not that kind of playing. I withdrew my hand, and finished dressing myself.
Without wiping away the offering I'd collected for him, I turned my palm to conceal my removed panties and exited the bathroom with only a cursory glance at my reflection. From that alone, I could see the telltale flush of my chest and the vibrancy of my eyes. Signs a stranger would miss but that he would spot like a flashing sign announcing my desire. Knowing he'd know only set my pulse hammering harder as I slowly made my way across the crowded room.
I watched him as I went, a small crowd gathering to listen to whatever he was saying. His infectious laugh only amplified the way people seemed to hang on his every word. It's what made him so compelling at first, that openhearted charm of his, but his quick wit and intelligence often kept people there. I knew first hand how easy it was to become enthralled with his enthusiasm and devastating smile- and just how hard it was to break the spell if he let you past his surface.
The man was truly unreal. And he was all mine. Something hot and electric shot through me at that, possession and desire and emotion I wasn't ready to decipher. Almost as if he sensed my attention on him, his eyes finding mine and his smile becoming the kind of bright he seemed to save for moments just like this. I smiled back, mischief dancing along my nerves and sparking off that heat of desire and unnamed things, and our gazes remained locked until I was at his side.
He outstretched his arm toward me, looping it around my waist and tugging me tight against his side as he kissed the top of my head, "Welcome back, beautiful."
"Hey thanks," I said, tipping my chin up to catch his lips in a brief kiss even as I felt our friends rolling their eyes at our PDA. I wrapped my arm around him, feigning a hug with the hand concealing my panties and pressed my hand into his pocket. I dropped my offering and squeezed his hip gently before releasing him and stepping out of his embrace to return to my seat. At my abrupt retreat, he gave me a curious glance but I just smiled, feeling a little smug, and held up my empty glass to him to indicate I'd like another drink.
When he excused himself from the conversation and turned away to order it, I pulled out my phone and sent him a quick text, knowing full well he'd check it and have to reach past the gift I'd left in his pocket to do so.
|| your move.
At that, I pocketed my phone to turn my attention back to our friends and the conversation at hand. I surreptitiously watched him as best I could, trying to catch the moment he realized what I'd done as I nodded along sympathetically to a complaint about someone's shitty boss.
I wasn't looking the moment he found them, but I knew anyhow. I couldn't have missed the sharp intake of breath or the way his entire body language changed in an instant. Tension lined his shoulders and the set of his jaw as he carefully pulled his phone out, glancing just briefly at the message before returning the device to his (other) pocket.
He didn't look at me, didn't answer the message. He waited patiently for my fresh drink and by the time he returned to me, he'd willed the tension from his features and offered an easy smile. But I couldn't miss the dark burn of desire in his eyes.
And I certainly couldn't miss it when he leaned down to set the glass on the bar top in front of me and pressed his lips to my ear to growl, "Wait 3 minutes and follow me."
I nodded- to anyone watching, it was my thanks, but to him it was confirmation that I'd do as he said. As if he had any doubt. But before he could look away, I lifted my glass with the hand I'd gathered my wetness on and, before I could take a drink, slid my fingers into my mouth and licked them clean. I let my eyes close briefly, savoring the taste of my need for him as he watched me, one brow arched with a mix of amusement, desire and disbelief. I held his gaze as I sipped my drink, grinning when I brought the glass back down and declared, "Delicious."
The sound he made was disguised easily enough with a cough that he played off as having choked on his drink. Which would have been far more effective had he been holding one. When he realized this, he flushed slightly, stammering over a couple of words before giving up and saying, "I think I've got something in my throat. If you'll excuse me."
I inclined my head in acknowledgment as he turned away and headed across the room before disappearing down the same hallway the bathrooms were on. I glanced at the clock on the same wall and began my count.
Exactly three minutes later, I excused myself to go check on him and followed. Just past the bathrooms, the hall hooked right and got significantly darker. A series of doors seemed to lead to offices or back rooms, but I didn't have much time to determine which may be what before he stepped out of a shadowy alcove. I stopped in my tracks, a small gasp escaping my lips in surprise despite knowing he'd be waiting for me somewhere. His hands gripped my arms, eyes searching my face with intensity for a brief moment before he was on me.
His lips pressed against mine urgently and there was no disguising the need in his kiss as he nipped at my lip, tongue invading my mouth with welcome force as I yielded to him. He turned us, walking me back into the alcove he'd come from until we were in the very position that had awoken this need hours before at home: me, feeling small and fragile pinned between his powerful frame pressed against my front and the solid concrete of the wall behind me. One hand trailed from my jaw down my neck, my shoulder and toward my waist until he could slide his hand around and grip my ass. The other ran through my hair, gripping it to give one sharp tug before he released it in favor of wrapping his fingers loosely around my throat, thumb covering my pulse that hammered so intensely I could barely hear the music that filtered down the hall from the main room of the bar. He kissed me breathless just like that, his grip on my ass pressing my hips into his so I couldn't mistake the effect this was having on him and his hand around my throat reminding me of his possession, just in case the ferocity of the way he fucked my mouth with his tongue had left any question about that.
When I pulled away to suck in the air my body seemed to require, he leaned back to look at me, and the liquid heat in his eyes had me biting my lip. My hands, which had been trailing up his chest, now framed his jaw, nails razing delicate skin through his beard until his eyes closed with pleasure and he growled. His hips rocked into mine once, shifting the hard length of him against my lower belly in a way that drove my need higher- so high I couldn't stop myself from lifting my leg, hooking an ankle around his hips and trying to find the angle I needed to grind myself against him through our clothes. But to get there, I needed him to lift me, and his hands remained immovable in the positions they'd taken up during our kiss. The only change was the gentle flex of his fingers at my throat as I tried to grind my hips against him.
"I don't think so, not with that stunt you pulled," his voice was low and smooth as he spoke against my ear, lips catching my ear lobe and nipping before moving down my neck to trail kisses and bites across my sensitive flesh. As his mouth moved down, so did his hand at my throat until he was kissing my collarbone and gripping my breast and my back was arching into him. Only then did he continue speaking, "Leaving your panties in my pocket in a bar full of people. While I was talking to our friends."
He brought his head up to meet my eyes again, shaking it in mock disbelief as he pinched my nipple through the layers of my clothes. I whimpered but he shook his head, "No, no. Quiet, we can't have someone finding us here. Or," he lowered his head once more, voice dropping to a growl as he bit my nipple through the fabric until my mouth fell open in a silent moan, "did you want me to stop?"
I shook my head no emphatically, not willing to risk speech in case he really did plan to stop. But he just grinned something mischievous and intensely sexy before returning to his task of lavishing attention on my breasts. His fingertips ran between the hem of my top, beneath the lace of my bra and stroked the swell of my bare breast. I clamped my lips together to bite back the moan at the teasing, but finally direct, touch of his warm skin against mine.
This kind of touch, though, drove him wilder than it did me and I only had to bide my time a few moments before he was roughly pushing the fabric down and out of his way, lifting my breasts from my bra until they were on display for him. He trailed his palm lightly across the soft, smooth flesh to run over first one nipple, then the other as his fingertips gently massaged me before bringing his mouth down to join in on the fun. The sensation of his beard against my sensitive flesh and the heat of his mouth across the swell of my breast was overwhelming. And this time when my hips rocked into him involuntarily, and a throaty moan echoed in my chest despite my closed mouth, his hand on my ass shifted toward my other thigh until he was finally lifting me with one hand while the other continued to toy with my breasts.
Now that he held me, suspended above the ground only by his strength and the wall he pressed me up against, every shift of my hips ground my needy, wet pussy against the hard length of him and I was acutely aware of the layers that remained between us. Far too many layers that I was not in a position to remove, so in a small rebellion, I ground against him even harder, rolling my hips so that I was dragging myself up the full length of his shaft as I writhed against the torturous work his lips and tongue were doing as they moved across my breast and toward my nipple. When he finally flicked the tip of his tongue over the hard peak, I gasped and my hands flew to his hair, tugging the strands but pressing his head tighter against me. I felt the vibration of his chuckle at my response, but I also felt the throb of his cock through our clothes in answer.
"Please," I whispered, voice choked with need..
He raised his head, and for a moment I thought he was going to chastise me for having spoken but his eyes were so dark that they looked nearly black in the low light, mouth swollen from the ferocity of his kisses and attention to my breasts, and he only smiled.
"You look so beautiful when you beg," he said almost dreamily as he straightened and brought his mouth just a breath from mine, "Please what?"
"Please," I reiterated, sucking in a breath as he rocked his hips into me and the friction of his cock pressed the seam of my jeans against my clit, "Please fuck me."
"You want me to fuck you?" he repeated, "Right here in this hallway where anyone could see us?"
"Yes."
My hips sought purchase against his, grinding insistently against both his cock and the seam of my jeans until I whimpered and closed the gap between our lips, my kiss desperate and hungry as I poured my plea into his mouth with mine. When my hands gripped his shoulders, nails digging into the rigid muscles there, he moaned into my mouth and I could nearly feel the break in his resolve. His hand at my breast ran down my stomach to the waist of my jeans and released the button, then the zip.
He wasted no more time on teasing as he reached between my thighs, breaking our kiss so he could watch my face as he parted my lips to dip the tip of one finger inside me.
"Fuck, you're absolutely soaked," he marveled, adding a second finger and swirling them up and over my clit until I arched so sharply into him he almost lost his grip on me. My thighs flexed, squeezing his hips and shifting mine until his hand was pinned between our bodies but I felt stable once more. I brought one leg to the ground, as much for my stability as to open up his access. At that invitation, he ran his fingers through my folds once more and pressed them into me. I could barely hold back the needy gasp as he filled me, fingers working in and out of me slowly. And when he curled a finger against my g-spot, I grabbed his head, crushing his mouth to mine so that the moan I couldn't hold back was muffled against his lips.
My hips rocked, muscles clenching around his fingers as he worked them in and out of me. The need was building hot and fast, the teasing of the evening bleeding into desperation that clawed at me and soaked me to my thighs. When he withdrew his fingers and broke our kiss to bring them to his mouth to taste me on them, I couldn't stand it anymore.
"Please," I asked again, the desperation making my voice an unfamiliar rasp as my hands reached for the waistband of his jeans, one tugging it out and away from the planes of his stomach so the other could slip below it, into his boxers and around his cock.
It was his turn to moan helplessly as I gripped him, my hand sliding up his shaft and feeling the slick slide of precum that coated the head of his cock already. It seemed I wasn't the only one struggling to keep up the tease after all. I smiled at that, swiping my thumb over him, not only to make him gasp but to gather enough of the liquid to taste him just as he had done me. I pulled my hand out and brought my fingers to my mouth, savoring the salt of him on my tongue as my other hand worked to release the buttons of his jeans. When I fumbled, he pushed my hand away and did so himself, bringing his cock out in a matter of seconds and stroking it as he stared down at me.
"Turn around. Jeans down," he commanded gruffly, all traces of teasing and patience gone from his voice and body language. Everything about him was taut with need now, and I did as he asked, turning to face the wall as I hooked my thumbs inside my jeans and pushed them down toward my knees. When I got them just past the middle of my thighs, he brought a hand to my hair, pushing my head and chest toward the wall so my ass stuck out and his hand trailed down my spine until he was gripping my hip as he murmured praise, "So pretty. Such a good girl."
My skin flushed hotter, needier, at that. Electricity and need both pooled in every nerve from my scalp to my toes with concentrated pools of want at each breast and between my thighs. I was so focused on the way my body reacted to his words that the heat of his cock brushing along my very wet slit took me by surprise and I yelped.
"Shh, remember, if we got caught I'll have to stop." he reminded me, voice low as he parted my lips with his cock, rubbing himself over every fold and against my clit until I rocked back against him, every slick movement we each made only heightening the pleasure until he drew back a bit and I felt him pressing against my entrance.
"Fuck me," I begged, ass pressing back against him and trying to push the head of his cock inside me, "Please."
The growl that he responded with was nearly animal as he pushed into me. Claimed me. Drove his cock into my tight pussy and I gripped him, every muscle tensing and trying to pull him further into me. He gave me only a little bit before he retreated and rocked forward once more, feeding more of his length into me on each thrust until his hips met my ass and he paused for a moment, panting with the restraint he'd exercised as he entered me.
But I didn't want him restrained. I wanted him anything but.
"More," I said-no, demanded, my hips rocking as I reached back, cupping his balls and tugging them gently once, then twice before he stopped me. His fingers laced briefly through mine as he brought my hand against his lips in a rough kiss before raising my arms above my head with one hand as he gripped my hip with the other, "Please. More."
At my repeated plea, his restraint finally snapped. He growled something low and fierce as he pistoned his cock into me. I bit my lip to hold back my cries, focusing on the sound of his hips slapping off my ass as he fucked me and I knew that at this rate, after all the teasing we'd both done, neither of us would be lasting long. I tried to settle on a sensation, any sensation- the feel of his thick cock filling me, his balls brushing against my clit with every thrust, his hands gripping my hips to hold me in place, the cool concrete against my bare breasts, my teeth sunk so far into my lip that I may be drawing blood- but I couldn't. My head spun and my body was hot and the only thing I could focus on was how much I needed us both to come.
As if he heard my thoughts, one hand strayed from hip to find my clit and as he brushed his thumb over it, he leaned down, his chest against my back as his cock filled me and he whispered in my ear, "Come for me. Come for me now."
I turned my head to look at him, maybe to kiss him, but as I did so, it all became too much and the network of electric nerves coiled and burst with the stroke of his cock against my g-spot and his thumb against my clit and I cried out his name in a fervent rush of need as I came all over his cock.
The stars in my vision had barely receded before I felt him follow me over the edge, the twitch of his cock just before his orgasm prolonged my own until that first one turned into a second and we were coming together this time. He emptied every drop of his pleasure, frustration and our tease inside of me, my name a reverent whisper on his lips as he did so until we were both breathless and panting.
He pulled out of me, and cum leaked down my thighs as he did so, the feeling a heady rush of shock and pride as I reached down to pull my jeans up and he sorted his own clothing out. I turned to face him as I fiddled with the button but his hand reached out to stop me, and slid down the front of my jeans once more.
He collected some of the mess off my thighs with the tips of his fingers and brought them to my mouth, "Taste us."
I licked his fingers clean, relishing in the taste of our combined pleasure as I finished fastening my pants and reached for him. We kissed, and this time it was soft and sweet, all tenderness and care.
"You alright, beautiful?" he whispered against my lips, his arms winding around my waist to hold me closer.
"Yes, that w-" I started to say, but was cut off by the murmur of voices behind one of the doors nearby. Our eyes met with matching expressions of shock, guilt and amusement as we broke apart. He took my hand and together we walked down the hallway in the most casual rush we could manage.
We made it back to the main hall, near the bathrooms, before we stopped to catch our breath, giggle and try to regain our composure. Between fits of giggles.
"Oh my god, we just almost got caught," I whispered to him conspiratorially as I leaned against his chest and he wrapped me up in a hug.
"Fucking hell, yeah we did." he kissed the top of my head and smoothed my hair, "But we didn't. Maybe next time you'll actually be quiet."
"Maybe," I told him with a wry smile, "But probably not."
He took my hand once more and we made our way across the bar and back to our friends. They seemed unphased by our extended absence and I wondered briefly if anyone had guessed where we'd been, and what we'd been up to. But before I could wonder too long, the friend closest to me nudged my arm and when I looked up, her wry smile told me we absolutely had been figured out. This was only confirmed when her gaze dropped to my collar bone as she held out my jacket to me.
"Thought you might be a little chilled," she said with barely contained amusement, and when I followed her line of sight, my cheeks flushed furiously. A small series of love bites trailed across my fair skin, a constellation of his possession almost as vibrant as the red of my top and certainly a clear tell of what we'd done in our absence.
I grabbed my jacket with a mumbled "Thank you" but I didn't pull it on. I wasn't ashamed of his marks, or of the effect he had on me, and I didn't have too long to think about the giddy guilt of being found out.
Across the bar, someone proposed a toast and as I lifted my glass, I licked my lips and tasted us on my mouth and I couldn't stop myself from grinning as I sipped my whisky with our sex.
Now that was certainly something I could cheers to.