Saturday morning, I was wandering around the house enjoying my coffee and a warm glow of satisfaction from the night before. Even though I hadn't actually fucked anyone or been fucked, other than a few seconds of a blowjob from Laura, it was the best sex I'd had in a very long time. Mixed with the happiness was an edge of anxiety, though. Our little adventure the night before had probably gone much further than Rick or Laura had planned. It was a huge step for them, and I knew there was a strong possibility they'd wake up that morning regretting it. I was hoping for more, but I also knew that might have been the one and only evening I'd ever have with them.
Luckily, that was not the case. I was checking email regularly all morning, and I got one from Rick around 10 AM.
Good morning! I hope you're good. We're both eager to see you again. Give me a call when you have a minute? - Rick
I did a little celebratory dance and made myself wait about two minutes before calling him.
"Hey, Jim!" he said, and I heard Laura in the background saying "hiiii, Jim!" God, I loved her voice.
"Hey, you two!" I said. "Good morning!"
"Good morning, man," Rick said. "No regrets?"
I laughed out loud. "No, no regrets at all on my end. Are you both feeling good about it?"
He laughed, too. "Yes, yeah, we're feeling really good about it. Laura wants the phone, hang on."
"Hi, Jim, how are you doing, honey?" she asked when she came on.
"I'm fantastic. I had an amazing time," I said.
"Me, too!" she said. "I feel a little bad I crossed the line there a couple times. I'm sorry about that."
"Let me assure you, I didn't mind at all. I loved it," I said.
"Good, thank you, but I gotta keep myself in control a little better. If we tell you what the rules are and you follow them, then I've gotta follow them too, right?"
"I appreciate that, but seriously, you can do whatever you feel comfortable doing in the moment."
"We'll all talk about that. I've got some ideas to help keep me honest. Well hey, Ricky's all in a hurry to get the phone back. I'm gonna put you on speaker so we can share you and and your big dick, Jim," she said, and I heard them both laugh as the phone switched to speaker.
"We were wondering if you wanted to hang out today," Rick said.
"You know," Laura said, "hang out?"
I laughed. "Absolutely," I said. "I've got no plans that I can't happily drop."
"How about lunch?" Rick asked. "We owe you a meal."
"How do you owe me a meal?" I asked.
"You brought that pizza last night and we all forgot about it til this morning!" Laura said.
"Oh shit, that's right," I said, and laughed again. "Well yeah, I'm up for lunch and anything else."
"How about we come pick you up so we can go together?" Rick asked.
"Sounds great."
I gave them my address and they said they'd come by a little before noon. I was a little nervous getting dressed then, as I wasn't sure how dolled up they would be. I decided to go pretty casual, in good jeans, a favorite button-up shirt, and a vintage wool jacket. When their big Lexus sedan pulled into the driveway, I went outside and saw I was in the right ballpark, as Rick was dressed pretty similarly, but in a leather jacket. Laura seemed to be wearing some kind of black knit dress under her black coat, but I couldn't see much of it. I slid into the back seat as everyone said hello again.
"We're sure happy to see you, Jim," Laura said, turning to look at me in the back seat.
"I am really happy to see both of you," I said.
"I'm glad you don't have any second thoughts about last night," she said, and blushed.
"Damn," I said. "No, none at all. I'm glad you feel the same."
She smiled really big at me then and turned forward again, still smiling, and I just about melted.
They took me to Pies & Pints, a great spot for a cool, drizzly day in Seattle. Beer and pot pies were their specialties, and I was happy for both. It wasn't terribly busy at lunch time, and they had some good music playing, so we had a bit of privacy for our conversation. We all eased into a booth, the two of them on one side, me sitting across from Rick, and ordered drinks. Beer for me and Laura, tea for Rick so he didn't have to worry about driving.
Once the waitress was gone, I had to let Laura know what I thought of her outfit, which was driving me crazy! Once her coat was off in the restaurant, I could see she was wearing a long-sleeved black knit dress that fit her like a glove, hugging her whole body and showing off her tiny waist and amazing ass. It covered her from her throat to mid-thigh, and then she was wearing black stockings and a pair of chunky, black Oxfords in two-tone black and white patent leather.
"Laura," I said, "you look fucking amazing. I'm blown away here."
She blushed. "Why, thank you, honey," she said.
"I'm blown away every day," Rick said. She turned and kissed him and they were both all smiles.
Laura turned back to me and she started to blush deeply before speaking, so I figured we were diving right in.
"So like I said," she started, "I feel bad about setting rules for you and then breaking them myself."
"It's okay," I said. "I loved it."
"But I like to hold myself to a bit of a standard, you know," she continued, nodding. "And besides, the rules we came up with actually had a purpose. You know, we don't really know how far we want to go, and we don't want to rush ahead without thinking about it. I mean," and here she looked around and got quieter, "obviously I wanted to have sex with you last night. But once you start doing that, what even is marriage? I mean, the way we talked about it, if we were just hanging out touching ourselves, or with Rick fucking me, then what's so wrong about that? But once we start fucking other people, what's the marriage about?"
"I follow you," I said, glancing at Rick, who was nodding along. "And you know, I've known people who made open marriages work. Polyamory, ethical non-monogamy, all that. But you're right, they didn't make it work by rushing ahead and doing things that they didn't feel comfortable with, or that they couldn't take back. You both have to be on the same page."
"So you've done this kind of thing for real?" Rick asked.
"Not this exactly," I said. "But what I told you in email in the beginning about going to gangbangs and swinger parties and that kind of thing, yeah, that was true."
The drinks arrived and we ordered food, so we quieted down for a few minutes, took a couple drinks, and all of us seemed to be thinking.
"So you've been to all-out orgies?" Laura asked. "Like Caligula stuff?"
We all laughed. "They're way more low key than it looks in porn. Normal people can't fuck like that non-stop, and generally speaking, the people aren't that attractive."
"But that's your thing?" Laura asked.
"No, it's not," I said. "It was for a little while, but I never really liked it. That's why I settled in with the email exchanges, sharing fantasies with other people online."
"So what didn't you like about that?" she asked. "I would have assumed most men would be up for it if they knew how to make it happen."
"It's not that simple," I said. "It seems kind of desperate sometimes, you know? A lot of the time, you look around and the only people who seemed to be really having a good time look a little deranged. And I was never comfortable with just totally random, anonymous sex. People my age, we hit puberty right when AIDS was being widely covered."
"You used condoms though, right?" Rick asked.
"Yeah, of course. Not everyone does, though. And actually, that brings us to something I meant to mention to you. Last night we ended up having some contact, and you guys never asked me about STD testing or anything. Don't worry," I assured them, "I'm clean. My last round of tests were about a month ago and I haven't had any contact with anyone since then. But if you're going to play with others, you have to learn to ask about that up front."
"Yeah, Jesus, you're right," Laura said. "I trusted you, but I probably shouldn't have. Mostly I was just so horny that I didn't care."
"Right," I said. "Me too. That's why you ask ahead of time, before you're spun up. You two are both clean, I assume?"
"Yeah," Laura said. "We haven't been tested in a long time, but we've only been with each other."
"They gave me the whole round of tests during my physical this year," Rick said. "All clean."
"Cool," I said. "I figured, but we should all be asking to be totally clear."
"Damn, Jim," Laura said, lifting her beer to me, "you're like our native guide to perversion."
I clinked my pint glass against hers and said "happy to do it."
"Another full disclosure thing here," I said. "Another reason I didn't like what I saw of swinger culture is that it was really very heteronormative and run by the men. I know there are some more queer-friendly swinger scenes and I was just in the wrong one, but there it is. That made me uncomfortable. Because I'm bisexual, I'm queer," I said.
They both just smiled and looked at each other and almost shrugged before they looked back at me.
"Fine by us," Rick said.
"Yeah," Laura said. "I left Kentucky for a lot of reasons. Making more money wasn't the only one. Yeah, we're not religious, at least not like that, and I'm good with it."
She blushed again, very red.
"Hell, I think it's really sexy," she said. "I confess, I watch a good bit of gay porn myself."
Rick and I both laughed.
"What?" Rick asked. "Seriously?"
"I mean..." she started, "seriously? Ricky, if I'm watching porn and you're not around, it's usually a couple of guys going at it. At least a couple."
We all laughed again.
"I tried watching some lesbian stuff," she said, "and it just didn't do much for me. I like a little bit of it, don't get me wrong. There's some stuff that gets me going. But it's mostly about dicks for me. The more dicks the better," she said, and shrugged, taking a drink of her beer.
Judging by some of the looks I'd caught from Rick the night before, I suspected he was pretty happy with it. But if he was bi, I figured he was still very much in the closet and I didn't want to push him to make any admissions in front of me. That was something they needed to talk about with each other first.
"So what was the lesbian stuff you enjoyed?" I asked, with a bit of a conspiratorial tone.
"Oh lord," she said, looking around again. "When one girl straddles the other girl's face and sets her pussy down on her mouth? Oh my," she said, fanning herself.
"You like that?" I asked.
"If some beautiful woman wants to sit on my face, I admit, I would be interested," she said.
"I'd like to see it the other way around," I said. "You're really multi-orgasmic. That's fairly rare, I think."
She blushed furiously.
Rick agreed. "Yeah, I enjoyed it when you sat on my face. I'd like to be able to watch."
"Oh god," Laura said. "I liked that, too. I was too embarrassed to ask to do it again."
"She really drenched me, Jim," Rick said.
"God, you're gonna get me all worked up in here," Laura said, just as our pies arrived.
"Is it too hot in here?" the waitress asked, seeing Laura beet red and fanning herself.
"No, it's all right," Laura said, as Rick and I laughed. "They're just embarrassing me is all."
The waitress joined in the laughter and told Laura not to let the guys gang up on her, which just caused another wave of laughter before she left us.
"Well," Laura said, when everyone had finally settled down, "speaking of ganging up on me, I guess we can talk about the rules I came up with, to help keep me honest. Jim, are you interested in coming over to our place after lunch?"
"Yes," I said. "I think I can make room for that in my schedule."
"So I was thinking," she said, in between bites of chicken pot pie. "Maybe what we'd do is... we keep it in the living room... and I have to stay on the far side of the couch... and Jim has to stay on the other side of the couch... or on either side of a line bisecting the angle... formed by the couch... y'all like my sexy geometry?... and Ricky can pass back and forth over that line... but I can't, and Jim can't... does that sound workable?"
"That sounds great," I said.
"Yeah," Rick said. "I'm the only one who gets to do whatever he wants."
"You get to sit wherever you want," Laura said, pointing her fork at him. "But now that we know Jim swings both ways, I don't want you over there jumping his bones while I'm stuck watching from across the room. Then again, maybe I do want that. I don't know, one step at a time, I guess."
"Sounds good," I said. "I'll stick to it."
"I'm not worried about you, Jim," she said. "You've been a perfect gentleman. It's me I'm worried about. So both of you, please keep me in line."
We continued eating then, mostly just small-talking now that we knew what we were doing after lunch. At some point it surfaced that they were interested in buying some of the lube I used, and maybe looking for other toys, too. I asked if they had a favorite adult store and they said they usually got their stuff online.
"We could go to Babeland," I said. "It's down in the city, though."
"It's a good one?" Laura asked.
"The best one, yeah. Very woman-friendly too, in case you want to ask them for help."
"All right," Rick said. "Let's take a field trip."
The rain had cleared up by the time we left, and it had started to warm up a little, so Laura kept her coat over her arm on the walk to the car. Rick and I both let her know she was absolutely killing it in that outfit, and she blushed and smiled, her eyes sparkling, obviously really enjoying our appreciation. When we got to the car, she shooed me away from the door I stopped at and pointed to the front passenger side.
"Y'all both sit up there," she said. "I wanna get comfortable in back by myself."
I did as she asked, and as Rick pulled into traffic, I looked back to where Laura sat behind him in the back seat. She was staring right at me.
"So Jim," she said, slowly spreading her legs, resting her right foot on the center hump in the floor, "if I remember correctly from your first email to Ricky, you're kind of a stockings guy, aren't you?"
"I am," I said, a lump forming in my throat.
She spread her legs a little further and pulled up the bottom of the dress, exposing the tops of her thigh-high stockings. I could see they were secured with garters, and as her legs spread further, I could see her bare pussy. She wasn't wearing panties.
"Oh, lord," I said.
"Yeah," Rick said. "She had to let me fuck her once before we left the house."
"There's probably still a little cum in here," Laura said, gently rubbing her labia with one finger. She laid her head back on the headrest but kept her eyes on my face. My own eyes kept roaming from her beautiful, long, stocking-clad legs, to her pussy, to her pale green eyes.
"You like that, Jim?" she asked after a couple minutes of all of us just breathing heavily.
"I like it a lot," I said. "You're so sexy, Jesus."
"Tell me what you'd like to do," she whispered.
I answered with no hesitation. "I'd love for you to prop your foot up between the seats here so I could suck on your toes while you make yourself cum."
"Oh damn," she said. "We might have to try that, me and Ricky. But I'm gonna behave today, so no touching. Just watch me, okay?"
I nodded, and adjusted my raging hard dick where it had gotten bound up in my jeans. I noticed Rick glancing down at my crotch as I did so. I left my hand there and slowly rubbed my cock through my jeans.
Laura stayed like that for the whole drive, legs spread, watching me watch her as she gently rubbed her pussy, dipping a finger in every now and then to get some wetness to spread around. By the time we arrived in the neighborhood of Babeland, she was bucking her hips more, visibly flushed, her lips parted as she stared into my eyes.
When Rick parked, she sighed, drew her hand away from her pussy, and slowly closed her legs together. Without looking away from me, she put her fingers in her mouth and licked them clean.
"That's one of the reasons why I'm kind of interested in a girl sitting on my face," she said, a little dreamily. "I like the way I taste. So I figure... maybe I just like the taste of pussy."
Rick and I both sighed heavily, almost in unison. I know I was looking forward to getting home with them, and I figured he was too, since he actually got to fuck Laura.
"Gimme a sec to do my lipstick, and let me talk to Jim for a minute," she said to Rick.
He hesitated a second, then got out of the car to put money in the meter. Laura got out some lipstick and a compact, and quickly redid her lips in a more fiery shade of red. When she was done, she looked back to me.
"Later on, would you be comfortable telling me and Ricky about the first time you were with another man?" she asked.
I thought about it for a few seconds. The "first time" was difficult to define, but I decided on a nice, non-traumatic college experience I could call my first.
"I could tell you about... let's say an early experience," I said.
"Awesome," she replied and smiled. "Come on, let's do this."
She got out of the car, so I did, too. Rick was waiting patiently on the sidewalk. Laura brought her coat, and put it on as we walked. It was still warm and clear, so it seemed pretty obvious that she was wearing the coat for a sense of privacy and security. She had gotten comfortable being provocative in private spaces pretty quickly, but she was still wearing that formal reserve in public. I made a note to make an effort to help her feel safe.
Before we got to the door, she reinforced that impression by slowing down and saying "god, what if I'm in there looking at lube with two guys and one of my employees walks in?"
Rick shrugged as we all stopped. "Do you want to wait outside?" he asked. "Jim and I can get it."
"No," she said. "I want to see what else they have."
"How about this?" I asked, as we huddled together on the sidewalk. "We'll go in separately. I'll go in first and start looking around. Then you two come in and do your own thing. Look around, make sure you don't know anyone, then you can come over to me whenever you want. And if someone you know walks in, just say a code word to me and I'll walk away, like I don't know you."
"Then they still see me in a sex store," she said.
"With your husband," I said, nodding at Rick. "I'm sure they assume you have sex with your husband."
"You may be queer," she said kindly, "and I'm sure there's all kinds of societal bullshit you have to put up with from that, but you're not a woman. And you're not a woman manager."
"I gotcha," I said.
"The second some guy in the office sees me with a dildo in my hand, that's all he's ever gonna think about. And talk about. And every time I close the door to my office, they'll all assume I'm in there fucking somebody."
"You're right," I said. "I'm sorry. But also--you're a grown-ass woman with a whole life to live in. That includes having sex and doing what you want when you're not in the office."
"Besides," Rick said, standing a little closer to her, "if anybody's mean to you, just send me their picture and home address. I'll follow them home and punch them in the throat."
Laura laughed, but I could see Rick was deadly serious. Very literally.
"I believe him," I said. "And I'll drive the getaway car and give him an alibi."
"You got my back?" he asked, laughing a little.
"Snitches get stitches, man," I said.
We all laughed a little and Rick put an arm around her back to give her a squeeze.
"What's the code word?" Laura asked.
A loud motorcycle rumbled past as she asked the question, so I said "motorcycle."
She thought about it for a second and smiled, amused. "You really are like our native guide here, aren't you?" she asked.
"Or a pervy spy," Rick said.
"I'm happy with either title," I said.
"Okay," Laura said. "You go on in."
I went in, leaving them there on the sidewalk. The clerk, a young, obviously queer young woman, greeted me and told me to let her know if I needed anything, and I thanked her. There were a couple of other customers, one man and one woman. The woman was looking at vibrators and the man was looking at cock rings and dildos. I swung by the lube section for a second, to make sure they still had my brand, and then I passed through to linger in front of the small selection of bondage gear they carried.
Rick and Laura came in shortly after, and were greeted by the same clerk. They wandered very slowly for a minute or two, looking around the store carefully before making eye contact with me and joining me. Laura smiled and seemed about to laugh as they approached, and I knew she was going to do it before she even opened her mouth.
"Motorcycle," she said in a loud stage whisper.
I turned and started to walk away, but she reached out to my arm to stop me.
"Kidding!" she said. "Just kidding. I just wanted to see if you'd really do it."
Rick laughed quietly.
"Of course I would," I said. "I don't want to embarrass you."
They glanced over the bondage gear briefly before we all headed to the lube shelves. I pointed out my favored brand of silicone lube.
"You don't want to use that with a silicone dildo, though. Or any silicone toy," I said.
"It dissolves it, right?" Rick said.
"Basically, yeah," I said. "You would only want to use that on like a glass or metal toy."
"Oooh," Laura said. "A glass dildo? I've seen that in some videos. That looked interesting."
I felt myself blush a little.
"It's what I usually use when I fuck my ass at home," I said quietly. "A glass dildo with silicone lube."
Rick and Laura both looked at me, a little surprised but also obviously aroused.
"Oh my," Laura said. "We might have to see that."
"It can be arranged," I said, and carefully checked Rick's expression. He was quiet, but there was an air of vulnerability there. I could tell he wasn't turned off. Maybe quite the opposite, and he was obviously tempted to say something, but didn't.
"Well," Laura said, picking up a large bottle and a small bottle of the lube and handing them to Rick, "why don't you show us those glass dildos?"
I walked them in that direction and the man who'd been in the dildo section glanced at us then moved away.
"Do you have any already?" I asked.
"Nope," Laura said softly, and they both shook their heads no.
I pointed to one hanging on the wall, a clear glass dildo with a well defined head and ripples down the shaft.
"That's the same one I use," I said.
They both stared at it for a few seconds. Laura was sucking on her bottom lip again.
"That's about the same size as you, isn't it, Jim?" she asked quietly.
I looked at the measurements printed on the box.
"It's a little shorter than me," I said. "But it might be a little bit thicker in the shaft."
She seemed to catch herself sucking her lip and released it, then exhaled slowly. She looked around the store again to make sure the coast was clear and then reached out to pick up the box.
"I think we'll get that," she said.
A small section of butt plugs and other ass play toys was nearby, and they caught her eye.
"Oh my god," she said, pointing at a huge, silicone plug.
"Yeah, I wouldn't recommend that," I said, and we all laughed.
She was sucking on her lip again.
"But something like this," I said, picking up a smallish, steel plug, "would be a good place to start. And it works with that lube."
She swayed in a little to stand close enough that she was touching.
"Do you ever use one of those?" she asked.
"I do," I said.
"You ever wear one out of the house?" she asked.
"I have, yeah," I said.
She looked up in my eyes, and she was flushed deep red. Rick was, too.
"Mm-hmm," she said, nodding, as she turned to face Rick. She pulled the butt plug package out of my hand and handed it to him. "We'll do that, too."
She looked around. "I think we better call that good," she said. "Or I could get out of hand."
We all agreed and started moving to the counter. I made a quick detour through the vibrator area before heading up there myself. They had finished paying when I put a small bullet vibe on the counter and asked for a pack of batteries for it, too. When we got back to the car, Laura got in the back seat again, and taking off her coat, she got comfortable, pulling up her dress and spreading her legs again.
"That was kinda hot," she said, running her hands up her stockings. "Looking at all that stuff with a couple of guys, and people watching."
"Agreed!" Rick said as he drove, his eyes on the road. I stayed turned around in my seat, watching Laura as I pulled out the little bullet vibe and put a battery in it.
"Is that for you or me?" Laura asked.
"For you," I said, screwing on the top and handing it to her. She took it from my hand carefully, without touching me, and inspected it closely. She pressed the button on the end and it buzzed quietly.
"Oh, that might be nice," she said, looking up at me.
"Keep it in your purse," I said. "But probably best to take the battery out when it's in there, so it doesn't turn on in the middle of a meeting."
She laughed, and then slowly traced the vibe down her abdomen, creeping up on her clit with it.
"Oh," she said. "Yeah, this could be handy."
I started rubbing my cock through my jeans again. I glanced over to see Rick flicking he eyes from the road to my crotch, to the rear-view mirror to try to see Laura, and back to the road. He adjusted his cock as well.
"Jim," Laura said, pressing the little vibe against her more closely, "when you told us you fuck yourself with that big dildo, I just about pulled off my dress and asked you to fuck me right there. That's fucking hot, Jim. Isn't it, Ricky?"
"Yes," Rick said nervously.
"Why don't you tell us about your first time with another guy, Jim?" she asked.
"Sure," I said. "Maybe not the first time, but the first time I had a really good experience as an adult was in college. Freshman year."
"A big, brawny football player?" she asked with a smile.
"No," I said. "Not my type. He was short and thin, a little femme but not flamboyant at all. He was obviously gay, but I thought I was very discreetly closeted. Turns out everyone suspected I was queer anyway, and this guy had me clocked right away. His name was Chris. We were both freshmen, and we were in an English Lit class together. When he found out I was a big Shakespeare fan, he swooped in on that."
"You're a Shakespeare fan? Is it 'cause you're into tights?" she asked with a smile.
"Maybe so!" I said, laughing. "Anyway, he invited me over to watch movies. He said he had a bunch of Shakespeare adaptations and we could hang out and watch some. I couldn't think of an excuse to say no fast enough, so when he pushed me a little, I accepted. He had a tiny apartment off campus and when he answered the door the next night, he was in a little crop top t-shirt and these loose workout shorts, and he obviously wasn't wearing any underwear."
"Was he good-looking?" she asked.
"He was fucking adorable," I said. "Really cute. He didn't seem that bright, but yeah, he was really cute. He had great legs, kind of like yours, but not as long. He wore shorts all the time, and I admit they turned me on. He had kind of dirty blonde hair and it was really curly and shaved on the sides, so it kind of exploded on top. And then, when I looked down at those shorts, I could see he had a really, I mean really big cock. It was just dangling and swinging around in there, kinda half hard."
"Oh damn," Laura said. She kept her eyes on mine while I told the story, but I looked down to see she was bucking her hips to rub her clit against the little vibrator now.
"So we go into his place," I continued, "And he's got a bunch of cushions on the floor in front of the tv, instead of a couch. And there's a pile of VHS tape boxes from the library right by the machine. A bunch of Shakespeare, and looking at the stamp cards, I could see they'd all been checking out that morning."
We all laughed at that.
"Can't blame him for making the effort," Laura said. "He wanted to see that beautiful dick of yours."
"We plopped down on the cushions and started going through the tapes. I told him Hamlet was my favorite of course, so typical, and he happened to have checked out the old Derek Jacobi tv movie of Hamlet from the early 80s. And that is, hands down, the best adaptation I've seen. So we threw that in. Do you know Derek Jacobi?" I asked them.
They said they didn't.
"Tremendous English actor, crazy good. When he was young, he was just ridiculously handsome. This amazing smooth chest he was always showing, and just this beautiful brick of a face, and his acting was just so sensitive, so perfect. So right away, Chris starts talking about how hot he is. Like it's obvious he couldn't give less of a damn for Hamlet, but he's talking about Jacobi and he keeps shifting around and his dick just keeps getting bigger, flopping around in his little shorts. Soon enough, I don't give a fuck about the Prince of Denmark either and I'm just staring at his shorts. And then he shifts a little, and his cock is kind of running down his leg, down one leg of his shorts, and it's so long, and the shorts are so small, that the head pokes out where I can see it."
"Did you want to suck it?" Laura asked, humping against the vibrator harder now.
"I did want to, yeah," I said. "I hadn't been with a guy since junior high. We'd moved somewhere really scary homophobic and conservative for high school and I'd gone really deep in the closet."
"Kentucky?" Rick asked with a little laugh.
"Alabama," I said.
"Oh no," he said.
"Yeah," I said. "But there was this giant cock on this beautiful boy, and I couldn't take my eyes off it."
Laura had her first orgasm then, closing her eyes and quietly saying "oh, oh, oh," as she shuddered a little and changed up the pressure with the vibrator.
"Jesus," I said. "How far to your place?" I asked Rick.
"About ten minutes," he said.
I watched Laura come down for a minute, still slowly stroking myself through my jeans. Rick started doing the same for himself.
"Don't wreck, man," I said.
"Don't worry," he said.
"So what'd you do?" Laura asked, and I turned back to her. She was looking me in the eyes as she continued to buck against the little vibrator and ran her other hand up and down her beautiful legs.
"I looked up at him," I said. "And saw that he saw me looking at his cock. He asked me if I liked it and I said yeah, I thought I did. He asked if I wanted to touch it and I said yeah and I reached over and slid my hand up his shorts so I could hold the shaft. He leaned back a little and pulled the shorts up and to the side so his cock was in full view, and it started to get harder. He had one of those big dicks that takes a long time to get fully hard, but it was getting there. It was definitely the biggest dick I'd ever seen or touched, but it was like a great starter dick for a big one because it tapered down a lot. The head was really small, and the whole end of it was kind of tapered down. The head of my cock was bigger than his, even though he probably had like a nine inch cock."
"How big is yours again?" she asked.
"About seven and a half," I said.
"If I put that glass dildo inside me," she asked quietly, "would it feel about like your dick would?"
I lost my breath a little on that one, but eventually answered her. "Yes and no. It's about the same size, but a rigid glass or steel dildo feels a lot different than a hot, living cock."
She closed her eyes for a minute and just concentrated on the vibrator. "God," she said, "I want to get fucked. I want your cock in me, Jim. I know we're not going to do it. I'm just talking right now. But I'd love your big cock inside me."
She came again then, a small orgasm that she panted through for a few seconds before opening her eyes again and licking her lips at me.
"Tell me what you did with that boy's dick," she said.
"I stroked it a few times and it started to get really hard, and stand up straight. He asked me to take off my pants and show him mine, but I didn't. I leaned over and put the head in my mouth and started sucking on him."
"You like sucking dick?" she asked me.
"I do," I said.
"Me, too. I like it when Ricky gets real worked up, and I tell him to fuck my mouth. And he holds my head and fucks my mouth like you fucked that girl's ass. Just using my mouth like I'm his slut. I'd love to be your slut too, Jim. You could fuck my pussy while Ricky fucks my mouth. I'm just... I'm just talking... I know what we agreed..."
And then she came again. We were in their neighborhood now, getting close to their townhouse.
"You could cum in my mouth too, Jim," she said. "Did that boy cum in your mouth?"
"He did. I wasn't very good at it, but I sucked his big cock for a couple minutes while he just laid back, and then he started pumping cum into my mouth."
"Did you swallow it, Jim?" she asked.
"I did," I said. "I swallowed every drop, and it felt like a gallon of cum in my mouth."
"Fuck, Jim," she said, "I wanna suck Ricky's dick with you. We could both suck him. He could fuck my mouth, and then yours, and we see whose mouth he cums in."
She tipped into another round of multiple little orgasms as we pulled into their driveway, toward their garage, where the door was already rising.
"Uh, uhhhh..." she moaned as Rick pulled us into the garage and immediately started the garage door closing behind us. Before it was even down, Rick turned off the car, released his seat belt, opened his door and rushed to Laura's. As he opened the door, he pulled her head to him by her hair. He was pulling his fly open with his other hand, shoving down his pants, and pulling her mouth onto his rock-hard cock.
He thrust between her lips several times as her wave of orgasms continued, and he came quickly, grunting and pulling her head all the way to him as he filled her mouth with cum. He stumbled back, knocking something over in the garage.
"Oh god," he said. "You are so fucking sexy."
She turned her head to me and opened her mouth, her cum-covered tongue coming out to lick her lips.
"You want to watch Ricky fuck me, Jim?" she asked.
"Yes, I do."
"Let's all get inside then," she said.
She turned off the vibrator and climbed out of the car, a little unsteady. Rick helped her out with one hand, pulling up his pants with his other hand. I grabbed the Babeland bag and followed them through the door into the townhouse. As they went down into the living room, I took a detour into the kitchen, where I started removing the dildo and butt plug from their packaging to give them a quick wash. I brought them and the bottles of lube with me when I joined them in the living room, which was mostly dark with the blinds pulled and the overhead lights off.
Rick was taking off the last of his clothes while Laura, who had pulled off her dress, was on her hands and knees lighting a Duraflame log in the fireplace. She looked absolutely amazing, in a lacy black bra, her black garter belt and stockings and nothing else. Her ass was toward me and the temptation to try to manipulate them into letting me fuck her flashed through my mind. It passed quickly, though. I really liked them both. I was starting to love them. I wanted happiness for them. I wanted their marriage to last, and I wanted to stay a part of their lives. And for all that, I needed them to move at their own pace, and not to have any regrets.
Laura turned when the log caught fire, and saw my slack-jawed stare.
"You thinking about fucking me, Jim?" she asked, wiggling her ass at me a little and letting herself down on her elbows so it arched up even a little more invitingly.
"Of course I am," I said, but I stayed where I was, on my side of the living room.
"No can do, Jim," she said teasingly. "Ricky's gonna lick my pussy for me though, aren't you honey? And you can watch him do that, and then you can watch him fuck me when his beautiful dick is ready again."
Rick chucked the last of his clothes and kneeled behind her, took hold of her ass, and craned in to lick the entire length of her pussy.
"Ohhh, baby," Laura said. "Yeah, do it like that for a minute. Here, let's move around so I can see Jim."
She rotated around on the floor so I was watching her from the side, and she could turn her head to watch me. I caught my breath then, and set the dildo, butt plug, and lube on the coffee table, which had already been moved out of the way, off to the side by the tv. I started undressing and Rick went back to licking her.
"Yeah," she said. "Show us that big dick. Show me how hard I make it."
In just a minute, I was stepping out of my briefs, my cock fully erect. I picked up their bigger bottle of lube and removed the seal from it while Rick licked her noisily. I squeezed out some lube and covered my cock in it, then kneeled on the floor and watched them from a few feet away, stroking.
"Jesus, Ricky," she said. "Don't you want to see his big dick inside me? Don't you want to watch Jim fuck my pussy? Watch me cum all over his big dick?"
"Yeah, I do," he said between licks.
"Don't you want him to fill me up with his cum?" she asked.
"Yes!" he said.
"Don't you want to lick his cum out of my messy pussy, baby?" she asked.
He moaned loudly in agreement, and seemed to be sucking on her clit now.
"Don't you want to fuck me with my pussy full of his cum?" she asked, and then she was coming hard, much harder than she had with the vibrator in the car, so hard her moan turned into a scream.
She pushed Rick's face away from her pussy and he flipped her onto her back, spread her legs, and shoved his cock into her, grinding against her to prolong her orgasm. She screamed again, her arms and legs wrapped around his body as she watched me stroking my cock fast and hard. He kept grinding, the muscles in his back and ass flexing and rippling as he ground her against the carpet.
"He could fuck me so deep, baby," she told him. "He could fuck my ass! He could shove that big dick up my ass! You could watch him fuck my ass, baby!"
Her orgasm let up for a second and then washed over her again. She let out a moan that almost turned into a howl as she arched her back, fighting against Rick's body as he crushed her from above.
I came then too, easing back on my knees until I fell over backward, shooting my cum onto my own stomach and chest to keep it off their carpet.
"Oh god," I said, laying there, recovering, and I looked past my splayed out legs to where Rick still fucked Laura against the floor.
She was looking at me at first, and then she turned to look up at Rick, drew him close, and started whispering in his ear. They kissed deeply and he nodded at her, she nodded back, and he eased up his pressure, pulling out and backing off to kneel between her legs with his cock sticking straight out. He turned to look at me and smiled. He stood and came over to me, and standing over me, looking down at me, he asked with total self-assurance, if he could have my cum.
"I want to fuck her with your cum on my dick," he said. "Would you mind?"
I was floored. I knew by this point that she had some kind of cum fetish, but I didn't expect this. And I certainly hadn't expected it from Rick.
"No," I said. "Go ahead."
He could not have looked any hotter then as he stood over me, his hairy, muscled body shining with sweat in the firelight, his straight little cock jutting out at full attention. I felt a little swoony as he kneeled beside me and used his hand to scoop my cum off of my body and smear it on his cock, stroking himself a little with it in between scoops. I stayed there, almost paralyzed, as he got the last of the cum off my torso and turned his attention to my softening cock, his warm, wet hand gathering up every last bit of cum he could and lubing his own cock with it.
"Thank you," he said, then stood and returned to Laura, still on her back with her legs spread wide. She removed her bra while he kneeled between her legs again, and then he smoothly entered her again, his cock covered with my cum, and he let himself down until they embraced as he fucked her. She wrapped her arms and legs around his body again as he steadily, lovingly fucked her. They kissed deeply, looking in each other's eyes, ignoring me completely.
It was a beautiful moment, or rather several minutes of beautiful moments, as Rick had tremendous staying power this time. Those rock hard abs and his muscly back let him keep up quite a pace, and it took him several minutes to cum. Just as Laura was building back up to another orgasm, he stiffened and moaned, arching his back and obviously coming inside her.
"Yeah, yeah, baby," she said, stroking his chest and using her legs to pull him closer against her. They stayed locked together like that for a few more minutes, and then Rick rolled off of her to lie on his back, and she rolled onto her side to kiss him across his shoulders and chest.
"God, I love your body," she told him.
"Thank you, baby," he said. "You know I love yours, too."
"And you too, Jim," she said to me. "You've got a beautiful body too, but this is my man for sure."
"I understand," I said. "He's gorgeous."
"I thought you were gonna shoot again when he asked you for your cum," she said.
I laughed, and Rick started laughing, too.
"Yeah," I said. "Just about."
"I think I'm also bisexual, Jim," he said. "We've talked about it, so Laura knows."
"I thought that might be the case," I said.
"Yeah," Laura said. "Last night after you left, we were talking, and we were both fantasizing about you and your big dick."
As she said it, one hand started playing with his soft little cock.
"Tell him," she told Rick, and then put her head down to suck on one of his nipples while she played with his cock.
"I told her I wanted to jerk you off," he said. "And maybe suck your dick."
"Oh," I said, and instantly started getting hard again.
"I've never been with another guy," he said. "I've never touched another guy's dick until just now."
"Oh," I said again. "Well I wanted to suck your cock, Rick. And when I woke up this morning with a hard-on, I was thinking about riding you, about lubing you up and tucking your cock in my ass."
It was true. It wasn't Laura I thought of first thing. It had been Rick.
"Even though I'm so small?" he asked.
"Yeah, Rick," I said. "You have a great dick. I don't necessarily want a huge one up my ass, and yours is beautiful, and it looks so hard."
Laura's head came up from his nipple.
"You want to suck Ricky's dick, Jim?" she asked, and slowly moved down toward his cock herself.
"Yeah, I do," I said, wrapping my hand around my own and starting to stroke again.
"You want him to suck you?" she asked, and started licking and then sucking his soft little cock.
"Jesus, yes," I said.
She sucked him for another minute or two and then came up to tell him "If you want to go over there and jerk him off, I'd love to watch. Just make sure I can see."
He sat up, and so did she. They kissed briefly before he got on his hands and knees and came over to me, kneeling beside me where I was still laying back, propped up on one elbow behind me, stroking my cock with my other hand.
"Hi," he said sheepishly.
"Hi," I said, smiling wide. I had butterflies in my stomach all over again. I shifted my grip on my cock, just holding it at the base with two fingers, as if offering it to him. He closed one hand around the shaft and squeezed lightly.
"Yeah," I whispered, letting go of it myself and putting my free hand on his thigh.
He started slowly stroking me up and down, really taking his time. He seemed a little fascinated with it.
"Here," Laura said, crawling over to the table where I'd laid the toys and lube. She grabbed the bottle of lube I'd opened and crawled toward us, stopping around where the notional line fell, just past my feet. Rick looked to her and she tossed the bottle. He caught it, but it slipped from his already slick hand. He picked it up from the floor and opened it, drizzled some directly onto my cock. Probably way too much. He snapped the lid shut and Laura asked to get it back, so he rolled it to her.
As Rick started to work my cock with both hands, I watched Laura grab the glass dildo and lube. She kneeled on the floor just beyond my feet, and as she lubed up the dildo, I stared first at her beautiful body, then at Rick's, and I felt like the luckiest man on Earth.
"Thank god for Craigslist," I said.
They both laughed a little.
"I hope you boys don't mind if I fuck myself a little over here," Laura said.
"No!" Rick said.
"Not at all!" I said.
"Ricky gets to feel your actual dick, Jim," she said. "I've gotta make do with your glass friend for now."
She'd said 'for now.' I filed that away.
"That feels amazing, Rick," I said, and it did. My dick and balls were completely coated in slick silicone lube, and his strong hands wandered all over them. Again, I had the same compulsion I'd felt that morning when I woke. I wanted him to lay on his back so I could straddle him, lube up his cock, put it in my ass and ride him while he stroked me. But for the moment, I just lay back, enjoying Laura's show and Rick's gentle handjob.
Laura had entirely covered the glass dildo with lube and now had the base resting on the floor as she kneeled over it and slowly lowered herself onto it.
"Oh god," she said said as the big head disappeared inside her. "Oh god, that's big. Oh, it's cold, too."
"You can warm it up with hot water in the sink," I said.
"No," she said, "I think I kinda like it."
She eased down a little farther. Rick was watching her now, too.
"Oh god, baby," she said to him. "It's stretching me. God, I'm gonna be so full."
She kept going until all but an inch or so was inside her, and then she reached down to hold the base down and started sliding up and down on it, just a little bit.
"Oh fuck," she said breathlessly. "Fuck! Oh god, this is a big dick. It feels so fucking good."
"You look amazing," Rick said.
"Yes, you do," I said.
"Oh god," she said, locking her eyes on mine as she rode the dildo. "Oh Jim, is this what your dick would feel like?"
I nodded slowly.
"Oh god," she said again, and shuddered, her firm little breasts jiggling. "You know," she said when she'd recovered, "Ricky's the only guy who's ever been inside me."
"You've only been with one person?" I asked.
"Ricky's the only guy who's ever fucked me," she said. "I sucked some guys' dicks, and gave a lot of handjobs, and I let them go down on me. But I never let anyone fuck me til Ricky."
She stopped for a second and reached over to where she'd dropped her dress and purse. She rifled around til she came up with the little bullet vibe. She settled back onto the glass cock and looked to Rick.
"Baby," she said, "You know I love your dick. This is just different is all."
"I know, honey," he said. "It's okay."
She bore down hard on the dildo then, and turned on the little vibe. She pushed it against her clit as she bottomed out on the dildo, and her orgasms started almost immediately.
Rick had one hand wrapped around my balls and the base of my cock, and the other started stroking the shaft and head harder and faster. I felt my own build to orgasm coming on and I reached between his legs with one hand, trying to get a hold on his dick. I found it, but it was still soft, so I put my hand around his balls instead, stroking and holding them, and he moaned a little in appreciation.
Laura's wave of orgasms was a big one, and she was moaning, crying out intermittently, shuddering there on the big dildo, keeping the little vibe on her clit. She was fighting to keep her eyes open, clearly enthralled with the sight of her husband stroking my cock.
"Oh Jim," she finally managed to say, "Oh Jim, I love your dick, honey! I love it! I wish you could hold me down... and fuck me... and make me cum on your dick..."
She shuddered a little more and then she dropped the vibe and just settled down deep on the glass cock, watching me and Rick.
"I want you to fuck me, Jim," she said. "And I want you to fuck Ricky, too."
I came then, shooting everywhere as Rick held my cock pointing straight up. I stroked his soft little cock as he gripped mine, and even as I was coming, I felt the desire to be fucked rising inside me. I wanted his cock inside me. Of course I wished it was a bit bigger. I had doubts that he'd be big enough to stretch me and reach my prostate well enough to make me cum from being fucked, but I didn't care. I wanted him to put his arms around me and fuck me.
As my orgasm subsided, I turned on my side toward Rick and curled around his legs. I kissed his leg dreamily as I reached around him and between his legs to stroke his still-soft cock with one hand, and to rub his asshole with the fingers of my other hand. I thought maybe he was still soft because his body was craving the same thing mine was. Maybe he wanted to be fucked, too. There was lube and sweat everywhere, we were a total mess, god knows what we were doing to their carpet, but they didn't seem to care.
He moaned a little and spread his knees wider where he kneeled beside me, giving me better access. Everyone was very quiet for a minute, except for Rick's gentle moans. I felt his cock twitch a little. There was some life returning there. I hadn't put a finger inside his ass yet. I was just rubbing his taint and asshole, pressing gently over his prostate, rubbing some more. I was pretty sure this wasn't part of their usual repertoire.
Laura couldn't see what I was doing with his ass, but she must have guessed, because she whispered my name, and when I looked over at her, still kneeling with the dildo inside her, she rolled the bottle of lube my way. I got it and lay back for a second.
"Why don't you get on your hands and knees, facing Laura," I told him.
He nodded and did so. I asked him to spread his legs a little more, to squat down a little lower, and he did. I lay on my back again and slid in so my face was directly beneath his cock. I started licking and sucking his balls gently as I lubed up my left hand and returned my fingers to his asshole. He moaned again, more deeply this time.
"Oh, baby," I heard Laura whisper.
I slowly inserted my middle finger in his ass, and heard him hold his breath. It went in easily, so I added my ring finger, too. I have almost freakishly long, thin fingers, and it was easy for me to slide them all the way in and then hook them down toward his prostate, where I started gently rubbing him inside.
"Oh god," he said.
I switched to licking and sucking his little cock, and felt him start to get harder in my mouth. He moaned again, but I could feel his whole body was rigid, tense. I turned my head to the side to take his cock out of my mouth.
"Just relax," I said softly. "There's no rush. There's nothing to worry about. Just feel what you feel and relax."
I felt him releasing some of the tension in his back and legs then, relaxing back a little lower to improve my access. I went back to sucking his cock while rubbing him inside.
"Oh Ricky," Laura said. "He's fucking your ass, isn't he? Does it feel good, baby?"
"Yeah," he said, breathlessly. "It feels amazing."
I heard movement and I glanced back to see her moving off of the dildo and coming a little closer to kneel right in front of Rick. I could hear her running her hands over his back. I could hear them kissing. I saw her bare, wet pussy just a couple of feet away. Her hips were bucking a little as they made out. It was obviously a huge turn-on for her.
Rick's cock had been covered in cum and lube when I started, and I knew some of Laura was in the mix, too. Frankly, he mostly tasted like lube, but I didn't care. I loved sucking his little cock while I fingered his ass. Soon enough, he was fully hard and I arched my neck to keep his whole cock in my mouth while I rubbed him inside, a little harder, a little faster.
I don't know if Rick was ready to be properly fucked, but he was definitely into the fingering. I heard him moaning more and more into Laura's mouth as they kissed, and he started fucking my mouth, just a little at first, and then more and more forcefully. I encouraged him, pulling him to me with each thrust with the fingers I had in his ass, hooking them more and more firmly against his prostate, and he fucked my mouth with his hard little dick for a few minutes longer until he erupted, breaking his kiss with Laura and falling forward a little, crying out loudly. He filled my mouth with his cum, and I kept swallowing to keep up with his pumping. I could feel his orgasm in his asshole and prostate, and even while I let up on sucking him a little, I kept massaging him inside, knowing very well that he'd have a kind of orgasm he'd never had before if I did it right.
It seemed to be working, because his moans continued, spaced farther apart, but still making it obvious he was deep in an intense orgasm. I felt the pulses inside him steadily slow and diminish until they stopped, and then I gently slid my fingers out of his ass. Another little stream of cum flowed from his cock as I did so, some going in my mouth and some missing, to run down the side of my face.
Rick shifted to lay on his side beside Laura, who put her arms around him and kissed him. As I got up to kneel and look at them, I could see tears running down Rick's face. Laura kissed them gently, cradling him in her arms. She looked at me and I pointed toward the bathroom and started to get up. She nodded, and the kind look in her eyes, the aura of love she extended to Rick in that moment made me choke up a little myself. I made my way to the bathroom to clean up.