Hi, My name's Emily and I want to tell how I came to meet Gina and Martin, and how much my life has changed since then.
I've asked Gina to edit and post my story on her pages at Literotica after she had shown me her own story. This first part is going to closely follow on from some of Gina's writings, primarily the part about how and where we first met, but after that, while some bits will include Gina and Martin, I'll try to reduce duplication as much as possible.
I hope that my efforts at publishing are received as well as Gina's story has been, because I've had such a blast in the last few years, and my now husband Gerry is keen to have me tell my story too.
So, here goes, and I hope I don't bore you too much...
*****
I am 19 and attending college near home, which is good because I still get to live with my parents, who I found out are way cooler than I'd ever thought them to be.
I do quite a bit of running, entering things like fun-runs and the occasional half marathon here and there, so my body is quite toned. I'm 5' 7" tall, around 81/2 Stone in weight and have very long legs with a weirdly short torso to go with them so my legs look as they go on for miles and make mini-skirts look amazing on me, not that I wear them much any more, or much of anything else come to that!
I've got a nice tight backside, and my vitals are 34(C), 28, 32 and I'm considered rather skinny by today's standards.
I have shoulder length blonde hair on my head and keep the remainder of my body clean shaven - everywhere! (It makes it so much easier for people to see every square inch of me which, usually these days, is available to their gaze; thanks to Gina and Martin!
Anyway, enough 'bout how I look. I want to tell you about the most amazing day of my life up to now, and how I came to find out sooo much more about my parents and how cool they are.
I, and a bunch of my (mostly ex now) friends rocked up at McDonalds just on the outskirts of town for a bite to eat and just to chill after a long day in college. We'd been there for about 20 minutes and would soon be leaving in one of my friends cars to go to our separate homes for the evening...
Judy dug me in the ribs and whispered, "Get a look at that tart over there - she's bollock naked!"
I looked over to the counter and, indeed, there was a woman stood there naked as the day she was born, well, except for shoes that is.
All kinds of thoughts went through my head, good ones, bitchy ones and bad ones - I mean, who the fuck does she think she is wandering around like that?
She seemed to be in a rather warm, shall we say, conversation with one of the staff members, the Manager probably, who I suspect was trying to get her to put some clothes on.
After a few moments discussion with him she turned to us and said "Does anyone feel threatened or intimidated by my being here dressed as I am, and am I really bothering anyone enough for you to throw me out or involve the police or anything?"
Some people answered "No", some didn't respond at all other than to stare, because if they weren't aware of her nudity before that they sure as hell were now!
I called over, "Let her stay you bully, she isn't doing anything is she!" and my friend dug me in the ribs to shut up. Well, our little group didn't generally do anything that drew attention to ourselves so it was embarrassing for them to hear me shout out like that.
"What are you doing - surely you can't think that it's OK to be walking around in public naked like that can you Emm?" asked Jennifer, one of my friends.
"I don't know actually - I do think it's intriguing - I mean; how can she have such confidence to do it?" I replied, not really concentrating on Jennifer or any of the others of my party actually - my whole attention was on this wondrous, courageous, confident woman.
The others were busy calling her a slut, a skank, a betrayer of womanhood one of them said; but despite the disparaging words they were using none of them had the courage to do anything about her or even say anything to her despite the ferocity of their feelings towards what she was doing.
I was just amazed at how calm and confident she was. She didn't seem to have any misgivings about her nudity, no shame, no embarrassment at all, as if it was perfectly right and normal to be naked in such a public place.
On the contrary, she was as comfortable in and about her nudity as I was in my clothes. She made no fuss about anything, she was simply sitting at a table drinking her coffee and talking to someone on her phone as if it were nothing out of the ordinary.
Something awakened in me while I sat and stared at her and wondered about her courage. She seemed so comfortable that suddenly my own clothes became cloying; uncomfortable and heavy. 'Oh if only I had such courage to do as she is doing.' I thought. How relaxed and comfortable she appears to be; how beautiful she looks, and not just pretty as in chintzy pretty, but beautiful as if she had an inner light that glowed through her skin and seemed to illuminate the air around her.
I had never seen such beauty; I had never seen such confidence, such courage, so much contentment within one's own skin.
In short, I was absolutely mesmerised. It was as if she and I were alone in this place, all other beings had disappeared from my conscience at that moment.
Everyone, that is, except the man who had come in shortly after her and taken a seat across the table from her. She obviously knew this man and was in deep conversation with him.
She even took some keys from him and rose, went out to the car park and retrieved a brief-case from a car and brought it back, placing it before him on the table. I'd heard him say something about her not being fast enough and that she'd get a spanking when they got home.
I had to talk to her - I had to find out more - what was it like - how did she find the guts to walk naked in public like this? I had to discover more - but how?
Then, my moment came. She rose and with a grace such as I'd never before encountered, she seemed to glide across the floor; as if she was floating rather than walking; and looked to be headed for the ladies rest-room.
As she passed our table, I put my hand on her arm and asked her if he was really going to spank her, and asked why she put up with being treated like that.
She replied that the Master thing was just a game, and that no he wouldn't be spanking her as it was just a game they played. The nudity, however, she said was all hers and that she loved being naked, then thanked me for my concern and tolerance regarding her state of dress.
"Well, if nothing else, your pussy is enjoying being shown off; you're soaking wet! God! I need to get out more!" I said.
She went off to the toilets and, as if attached to her by a rope, I had to get up and follow her and find out more.
As I walked in after her she seemed to be coming down from an orgasm, she was breathing heavily, was flushed down her chest and arms and her face just glowed like a beacon, while her hands were busy trying to clean herself up from it."
"You look like you're having so much fun doing this but where do you get the courage from - I don't think I could ever do such a thing!" I said to her.
She told me how her strutting around the streets naked had come about, her holidays abroad, about how both her husband and she had enjoyed her exhibitionism in the past and how good it felt just not having to get dressed every morning, and how many people she'd met since she began going around naked - 'Just like I'm now meeting you' she'd said.
I asked her if she'd help me to try being naked too and she said that it wouldn't be right for her to do so. 'It has to be something that you want to do for yourself'.
She did invite me to come sit with them and see what Martin thought as he was so supportive of her doing what she was doing. "OK, but should I strip too before coming over to you, Oh! I don't think I can do that." I said.
She said 'OK' but still invited me over to talk with Martin about it if I wanted to, so I said yes.
She opened the door and we almost bumped into Martin, who had come over to ensure that Gina was OK as she'd been longer than expected I supposed.
Gina assured him, introduced me and we all went to sit back where she had been sitting earlier while Martin went to get us each another coffee.
I looked around now, expecting to see people staring at Gina as I had been, but they weren't - they just seemed to be getting on with what they were doing, all that is except one young lad who was watching her from the door to the kitchen, but he too soon went away. I said this to Gina and she said that in her, very limited admittedly, experience, if you just do what you always do and ignore the fact that you're naked people follow your lead and get on with what they are doing. Also, if you just talk to people openly and honestly about what your doing and why, they usually just accepted her as she is.
All of this was amazing to me, and the longer I was with her the more I wanted to do it; but I couldn't gather the courage to just strip like she was.
Martin came back with the coffees and resumed his previous seat opposite Gina and me.
"So, you want to wander around naked like Gina do you - but you're too scared to do it? Well I'll help you out shall I? Get up, go to the Ladies, remove all of your clothing and then come back here. On your way back, keep your eyes on Gina - don't look left or right - don't react to anyone else around you on the way and sit back down here to finish your coffee. Now go or suffer the inevitable consequences."
Feeling a little shocked by his forcefulness, but thrilled all the same to be playing this game, I got up out of my chair and went out to the ladies.
In somewhat of a trance still, I removed my blouse and my bra, placing them to the side of the sink, but my fingers froze on the zip of my skirt.
'I can't do this' I thought to myself - 'I can't just get naked and then walk out there in public where everyone will see my breasts, they'll see my naked bum and my pussy will be openly available to their gaze - but why not? Gina has done it and nothing bad appears to have happened to her - she's sitting just the other side of that door and she's naked, and that's all I have to do - remove my skirt and knickers and walk out of that door to where Gina and Martin are sitting. That's all I have to do...
The image staring back at me in the little mirror was the same image I saw every day in my shower mirror - I didn't freak out at that did I? No, of course I didn't. But then I wasn't about to enter another room with about 20 people in it, none of whom I knew. Shit no, I just can't - what will my Mum say when they cart me off to the police station and call her? But Gina wasn't being carted off to the police station was she? No!
I cupped my breasts in my hands and my nipples popped up to attention and almost squealed into the mirror at me to look at them and squeeze them and enjoy the feelings I usually get when I play with them. It relaxed me a little knowing that my body was working just fine and wasn't about to shut down and abandon me here.
Taking another deep breath; I unzipped my skirt, undid the clasp, and let it fall to the floor and, fearing I'd back out again, I quickly dropped my knickers down my legs to join it.
I stepped out of my skirt and knickers and still I stood rigidly looking at my reflection in the mirror, too scared to move; to fearful of the enormity of the thing I was willing myself to do; a part of my mind screaming at me 'You fool, what on earth are you thinking - you'll be branded a freak' while a more calm and considered voice was telling me nothing of the sort would happen; after all Gina's OK isn't she? And think how excited you've been since seeing her and how much you wanted to be like her and join her in her nudity - Oh! To experience such freedom...
Of a sudden I made up my mind - I'm going to do this dammit! But I'm afraid to leave my clothes here - 'I know, I'll rip them up and throw them in the bin then I can't let the old fuddy-duddy in me win me over'.
With some difficulty, I did manage to tear my clothes, (you try it and you'll see it's harder than you think!), consigned them to the bin and took one last look at myself in the mirror.
Then I did it.
I carried out the most momentous action that I'd ever had to do - and hoped that I wouldn't make a mess of it.
I turned to my left and put my hand on the door handle and pulled - nothing happened - my hand and arm refused to pull the door open and release me from my self imposed prison cell.
I metaphorically kicked myself in the backside and using almost superhuman strength I pulled again and the door flew towards me and...
There was the outside world - out there the meagre security of isolation I'd so far enjoyed would no longer envelope me - I'd be out there for all to see - all of me!
My pussy suddenly gushed - I put my finger to her and felt her, sending shivers throughout my whole body - I wet my finger with my juices and tasted myself - I can't remember ever having been so sexually stimulated as I was at that moment.
Then, one foot after the other, I walked out of my cell.
Two paces in and I could see Gina and I locked my eyes on her - it made what I was doing a little easier I guess, but the inside of my head was screaming OhMyGod - OhMyGodOhMyGodOhMyGod - I'M NAKED - IN MCDONALDS - EVERYONE CAN SEE MY NAKED BODY AND I'M GOING TO BE SO BUSTED!
I could see people out of the corners of my eyes, my peripheral vision denying me my planned sole attention on Gina, 'but guess what - nothing bad has happened - no-one is jumping up and down in complaint and the ground was still under my naked feet', cold under my feet - I'd never have thought how cold the floor in McDonalds would have been.
My mouth was dry - I felt as though I hadn't had a drink in days, my hands were sweating, legs shaking and suddenly - WOW!
Crashing in on me like a tidal wave, the feeling of elation I suddenly experienced was absolutely profound.
Not the frightened Oh-My-God-I'm-naked-in-McDonalds-and-the-ground-is-going-to-disappear-from-under-me-any-second-now, but the Oh my God (smile) I'm in McDonalds, and I'm naked - NAKED - and it's FUCKING AWSOME!
At that moment, the floor of the restaurant wasn't cold any more, I felt like I wasn't touching it, that it was some distance beneath me and my legs were just pedalling fresh air - I could still breath, I could still see; and what I saw was beauty - and I hoped I looked half as beautiful as she did. Gina's smile lit her face, seemingly from within - it glowed like a beacon on the dock of a bay dragging me forward towards it - and I went - wilfully naked - as naked as she - and I felt, for the first time ever, ME!
A new me - a me that was different from the person who had left that same table I was making my way back to just moments before, passing a few people seated at their respective tables and who acknowledged me then did a double take to ensure that their eyes deceived them not and that there were now two naked women in the restaurant - a me that felt confident all of a sudden - a me that was almost re-born - a me that would not ever again deny my own feelings and desires - a me that was so close to an orgasm that I surprised myself at making it back to that table with what was left of my decorum remaining intact. Later that day I imagined what it would have been like had I indeed had that orgasm in the middle of the restaurant - and it scared me a little because the thought appealed to me.
Anyway, I made it back to the table intact as I said, sat down and held Gina's hand tightly - maybe too tightly as she squirmed a little and I relaxed my grip. Sitting down and facing Martin, I just stared directly into his eyes as my mind tried to decrypt and make some sense of the crashing amount of data my body was throwing at it.
It was wild; awesome, in every sense of the word; inspiring; terrifying; exhilarating; exciting; sexually stimulating; amazing, just absolutely amazing - and I loved every sense that hit me and kept on hitting me.
Gina gave me a nudge and told me to drink my coffee, which remained forgotten in front of me.
I drank down the cool remnants of my cup and said to them both, "This is fucking amazing - my Mother's going to go nuts and kill me though if she ever finds out I did this - but it is just so awesomely amazing - I mean here I am, in McDonald's, drinking coffee, loads of people around me; and I'm stark bollock naked! Not only that, I can see now why you were so wet - it's such a turn on. I feel like I'll wake up in a minute and find that it's just a dream."
Gina said that I wasn't dreaming and yes, you're sitting in a restaurant, drinking coffee and your naked, but she also reminded me I wasn't alone in my nudity.
"Thank you, thank you both. I may never do this again in my life, but at least, as you said, I'll never regret doing it just this once. It'll be hard to forget it though - one of those life changing moments I guess." I tremblingly said to both of them.
Gina said, "Only life changing if you do it again - just a memory otherwise."
She was right - how would I be able to do this again, would my friends remain my friends if I start to randomly get naked when the thought appeals? How did she get to be so wise? I thought.
Gina said something about him collecting a Harem - as if I thought, but then that wasn't entirely true for at that moment he could have done anything he wanted to do to me and I wouldn't have stopped him. He assured Gina that she was all the woman he'd ever want and I thought how wonderful it must be to have such a trusting, loving relationship as these two people had. I could only dream of such a relationship at that time - I didn't know any boys who were mature enough to even think about such a thing.
"So, what are you going to do now then Emily?" Martin asked me.
"Carry out your instructions, Master." I cheekily replied, finally relaxing into my situation.
Martin said, "Well Emily is certainly relaxing into this isn't she, but a Harem I can't handle - you're all the girl I can handle; or want. However", he continued stroking his chin, "If you both want to play, I'll have to think about it won't I. But not now; I think Gina and I should get going. Are you going to get your clothes back from the ladies and get dressed again before we go?"
"Oh God no." I said in a sudden panic.
"What's the matter Emily?" Gina asked.
"Gina, I didn't think this thing through properly. I took off my blouse and bra and then, when I came to take off my skirt I almost chickened out. To make sure I would go through with this and not chicken out of it, I tore up my clothes and put them in the bin! I don't have any clothes to go home in! Oh Shit! What am I going to do - oh God help me - why did I do that?"
"Don't worry Emily, we can take you home, can't we Martin?" Gina said, touching my arm to reassure me.
"Yes, of course we can. Where do you live Emily, and what about your friends?" Martin responded.
I looked to where I had been sitting only to find the stall empty, save for my handbag.
"Oh No! They've gone off and left me here on my own, but it looks as though they've left my bag at least. Anyway, even if you do take me home, how am I going to get in like this without my Mum seeing me and she'll bloody kill me!" I said, almost on the point of tears, and to help I got up and went to get my bag before returning to my seat and putting my head in my hands.
"How old are you Emily?" Martin asked me.
"Coming up to 22, but what difference will that make - she'll still kill me!"
"Nothing, It's so difficult these days though to tell a woman's age, and I didn't really fancy taking a naked 17 year old home to Mum." he replied.
Gina asked if I had any money on me to buy something with and I said I did, but I also had a bank card.
"Right, let's drive over to Tesco and we'll get you something in there on the way - it doesn't have to be much, just a cheap sundress or something to get you into the house without your Mum hitting the roof." she said.
"It sounds like a plan, but can I remind you that neither you or I have a thing to put on to go in and get one with, do we!" I almost shouted in fear and frustration.
"Just to remind you, you're not wearing anything in here either. Besides, Martin and I went shopping in there on Saturday and it was OK." she said.
"Yeah, but surely you didn't go nude into Tesco's did you?"
"Yes, as it happens I did. In fact, apart from shoes, I haven't worn a stitch of clothing since last Thursday when I left work, so that is four and a half days since I last wore anything and I've done all the same things that I usually do - only now I'm doing them in the nude. It shouldn't be a problem should it Martin?"
Martin laughed quietly and said he'd be getting a reputation around town at this rate. "No, it won't be a problem Emily - we'll sort you out now. What's the worst that can happen anyway?"
"I could get bloody well arrested that's what! Mum would be devastated!" I tetchily replied.
Gina talked down how bad it would be for a first offence, saying it would just be a small fine or something, but then said, "And don't deny how turned on you are about this, I can see your juices glistening on your pubic hair so it is turning you on isn't it - sitting here in public - naked"
I mulled over what she'd said for a moment and then said "You're BAD girl,, just plain Bad. OK, lets go" and turning to look at Martin she continued, "but you have to instruct me Master."
I didn't know why but I'd suddenly become quite relaxed about my predicament again, and decided to just go with it and see what happened.
Martin smiled and, to both of us, he said - "Right you two, go on out to the car and you can both get in the back seat for misbehaving and tearing up your clothes. And here's a new rule for you both - if one of you gets punished for disobeying, you both get punished."
Neither of us moved so he said, "I see some hesitation here - if you don't do what I say when I tell you to do it, and without argument or hesitation - you'll both be walking to Tesco's from here. Now move!"
Gina got up out of the booth and I followed on, a little self consciously, behind her. As she passed the counter she cheekily thanked the staff for having us and went out the door and led me to their car, where we leaned against the side of it to wait for Martin.
Again, as I crossed the car park, I became much more aware of my heightened state of awareness, taking in the feel of the differing textures underfoot and changes in temperature that made themselves more acutely noticeable.
Gina took my hand and asked, "You OK?"
"Yes, but sorry, I feel like I want to cum now - I want to play with myself now until I cum - do you get like this?"
"I know exactly how you feel and yes I do. What do you think I was doing in the toilets when you followed me in there earlier?"
"Oh no! You weren't!" I said, looking a little shocked.
"I was, and when you came in I had just started cleaning myself up."
"But you didn't even go into a toilet for some privacy!"
"I tried but it wouldn't wait and I came without me even playing with myself, it was enough to be naked where I was to excite me enough to make me cum without having to touch myself."
"Oh my God! Does it ever get better than that, I mean are you always on the cusp of an orgasm?" I asked her.
"I'm always a little more aroused, or at least sexually aware, than I used to be - I suppose that's only natural when generally you're the only one who's naked, but it doesn't often get in the way like that, no."
I let go of her hand and said, "I'm going to get Martin if that's all-right with you. I can't just stand her like this - I'll lose my nerve. It seems I'm OK so long as I have something to do. And by the way, it is surprisingly comfortable isn't it."
I went back into the restaurant and Martin was chatting with the staff, I didn't bother to find out what it was about but instead grabbed his hand and asked him if we could go now as I was getting nervous.
We walked back across the car park (I still had hold of his hand and hoped that Gina wouldn't mind) and he 'beeped' the locks on the car. Gina got in the back and I followed her in and sat next to her while Martin got in the front and started the engine.
Gina took my hand again and I pressed our hands into my crotch as it was nagging me for attention.
After just a few seconds Gina's finger pressed against my lips to feel how wet I was and I pressed her hand harder into me, laid my head back and groaned in pleasure.
I looked at her and nodded my head, giving my approval for her to pleasure me with her fingers.
She knew exactly which buttons to press and in moments I was over the edge and enjoying a beautifully soft, rolling orgasm, and I thought I'd spurted into her hand too.
"Oh! Thank you Gina, that was brilliant. Thank you so much." I said to her in gratitude.
I took our still combined hands and licked off the juices as best as I could.
"That's another couple of first for me - I've never been brought off by a woman before - and I've never tasted myself either, and I have to say it's more pleasant than I'd expected.
Gina's hand pulled mine down into her crotch and, as I had done with hers, pushed my hand against her pussy, and I gave her what she'd just given me, a lovely, languid orgasm sitting in the back seat of a car in rush hour traffic while we were both stark naked! Heaven!
In what seemed such a short time Martin was pulling into Tesco's car park and he found us a space not too far from the main doors.
My grip on Gina's hand tightened and I admitted to Gina, "My emotions are in turmoil here - I'm scared stupid and yet so turned on, excited and eager to get out of this car with you now that I don't know which feeling to concentrate on most."
"The frightened bit is good, it keeps you safe. But concentrate on the excitement part and enjoy what you're doing - and don't forget either that, at the moment anyway and the rest is up to you - your not alone - I'm naked too and I will stay right by your side, just as Martin will." she assured me.
"Yes, OK. But you can't protect me from the Police can you. God. My Mum's going to kill me for doing this!" I replied.
Gina opened the door and got out and I followed her, trying to cover my breasts with my free hand and arm, the other still gripping tight to Gina's. It wasn't working so I just gave into it and determined to enjoy it while it lasted. I guessed Mum wouldn't let me do it again so I'd better make the most of this one-time-only offer.
We caught up with Martin and all made our way across the car park and into the shop.
The door was closed and, as it swished open when we approached, the difference in temperature was very noticeable and brought goose-bumps to my skin. I noticed that Gina's skin too was covered in bumps from the cold air blast.
We crossed the short distance to the escalator and my eyes were darting this way and that to see who was taking notice of us and how they were reacting, but we moved too quickly to really judge people's reactions.
As soon as we reached the top I went off to the racks of women's clothes to choose something cheap and suitable with Martin and Gina following on behind. I found a nice light sundress, yellow with a picture of a meadow around the skirt, and picked out one my size.
Rather absent-mindedly I said to no-one in particular, "I wonder where the changing rooms are?"
Martin burst into laughter and Gina giggled too. When he could, he asked, "Why do you think you need a changing room Emily, you're naked just like Gina so what is it you have to hide away in a changing for?"
I blushed deeply, not at my nudity strangely, but at my stupidity for asking the question in the first place.
I pulled the dress on to see if it fitted. It did and I quite liked the dress actually, but it felt quite uncomfortable so I took it off again, determined to look for something else.
I tried on a few more things and all of them were the same, coarse and uncomfortable. I mentioned it to Gina and she said, "I suspect, if you're anything like me, it isn't the material but your skin - it's used to being unclothed already and it won't matter what you put on it's going to feel a little odd."
I hummed and took off the latest dress I'd chosen and walked around a corner into the next aisle, bumping into a woman coming the other way.
"Oops, Sorry" I said, and sidestepped her.
"What the hell do you think your doing - it's disgusting - put some clothes on woman - have you no shame?" the woman spat at me.
Suddenly I just saw red and stopped dead in my tracks and turned back to her.
"Tell me Madam, exactly what is it that you find so disgusting?"
"Well, you're naked - I think it's disgusting that you can wander around like that - and in public too - you should be arrested!"
"You find the human body disgusting do you? Are you married; do you have children; have you never seen a naked body before, especially a female one - and if you say no to that last one you'll be an out and out liar - you can't pick up a newspaper these days without seeing some girls boobs displayed across a whole page - No, it's just your perverse sense of morality that you find the human body disgusting - here..."
I grabbed the woman and took her to the balcony overlooking the food floor below and quickly found what I was looking for, an old man in very scruffy clothes walking out of the shop with a tiny bag of shopping in his hand and really struggling to make any decent headway, his back severely bent over and with clear difficulty in walking...
"That is disgusting" I said, pointing to him, "and not to mention deplorable - that our society can allow people like him to have to scrimp and save and either eat or keep warm - someone who undoubtedly fought a war for us and we have just dumped them on the scrapheap and don't appropriately care for them, even when they are in hospital at the end of their lives; and he is not alone by any stretch of the imagination - and yet you find my naked countenance, which is nothing in comparison to his problems, disgusting - you need to re-evaluate what 'disgusting' means Madam."
"I.. I.. I suppose you are quite right" said the woman, "he deserves so much more from our society - and put in that sort of context you are just a sight that is not expected. I'm sorry - my reaction was not appropriate now you come to mention it, and I'm sorry if I caused offence."
"I'm sorry too, I'm sorry I startled you - but I really don't mean to embarrass you, or anyone else, nor my friends over there - we just like to be naked and there is honestly no desire on either of our parts to be offensive - we just ask to be accepted for what we are - nudists."
I touched her arm and then turned and walked back to Gina and Martin.
"Come on, let's go. I've decided I don't want to buy something to wear after all. Would you mind taking me home please Martin?" she asked.
"What about your Mum - won't she be a bit pissed off with you?" I enquired.
"Yes, I suppose she will - but she'll just have to get used to it - I'm not going to be a bloody sheep any more, just blindly and unquestionably following the flock for the sake of it." I replied.
I walked off and made my way back to Martin's car with them in tow behind me.
Martin opened the doors and I got in the back followed by Gina and we were soon off home.
"That's it - I've had enough of the bigoted attitudes of people like her - my body is not disgusting - it's beautiful and I have a right to be proud of it - so - I'm not hiding it any more!" I said. "And I'm not going to let my Mum talk me out of this - I'd enjoyed this evening up to the point where that woman had to have her say. Bollocks to them all - I love my body and I'm going to damned well show it off if I want to."
"Bravo, Emily." Martin said from the front of the car.
"OK, you need to calm down Emily - you can't go home bearing a temper like that in you - you have to face your Mum and you'll need to be calm with her, or she'll never understand your point of view."
"You're right, of course, I have to think how I'm going to approach this, but I'm not going to give in now - if I want to be naked, then naked I will be - and sod the lot of them."
I put my arm around her shoulders and gave her a hug. "Thank you for helping me with this - I've done this around the house before when I've been there on my own and otherwise kept my tendency for nudity hidden, slinking around the house and getting naked whenever I thought I could get away with it and nearly being caught on so many occasions - well not any more."
I picked my 'phone out of my bag and Gina and I swapped 'phone numbers, I wanted to be able to ring her later-on and let her know how I got on with Mum.
For about ten minutes after that I was otherwise distracted from my condition, having to navigate for Martin to get home.
When we eventually arrived I hugged and kissed Gina, and leaned into the front of the car to kiss Martin's cheek too, and said, "Oh Boy! Looks like Dad is home too - this is going to be rough! Mind if I call you later to bring you up to date on things?"
They agreed that it would be fine, and said they wouldn't rest properly if I didn't let them know I was OK.
I opened the car door and Gina patted my bum as I was getting out. I leaned back into the car and thanked them again for their help. Gina wished me luck and I said, "I'm going to need it I think, but now that I've 'come out', as it were, I'm not going to give this up, especially as I now know I'm not on my own! Bye both."
I shut the door and walked around the car, making sure that I didn't look around at any of the other houses that were in view so as not to show any nervousness to them, and walked, head held high, up the drive to our front door, put my key in the lock and walked in expecting either Mum or Dad to be waiting the other side of said door. To my surprise, no-one was there.
Closing the door, I took a deep breath, gathered myself for a few seconds and went down the corridor to the kitchen to find Mum preparing dinner.
As she heard me coming down the corridor she turned to say 'Hello', but her face froze with the word barely out of her mouth, and she went white!
"Oh! Emily, what's happened to you - are you alright - where are your clothes - why are you naked - are you in trouble? Oh! Darling - whatever has happened to you?" she sputtered and came over and hugged me.
"I'm OK Mum, nothing bad has happened to me, in fact the reverse, something wonderful has happened to me..."
"But where are your clothes - who's done this to you?"
"One thing at a time Mum - I'm not in any trouble; no-one has done anything to me and nothing bad has happened. How about we get a cup of tea and we'll talk about why I'm naked and don't have my clothes with me?"
"Well, OK - as long as your alright I suppose, but quick before your Father sees you, go upstairs and put some clothes on!"
"No, Mum; I don't want to put any clothes on - I want to stay as I am." I said
"I don't understand - why would you want to stay naked like this - what is your Father, not to mention the neighbours, going to say about you running around the streets naked?" Please; please go and put some clothes on Emily?"
"No - Mum, I won't, not for now anyway. I have to tell you what I've discovered, and how, and I have to stay like this to tell you, and my plan is to be naked a whole lot more in the future, and that will include going out nude too."
"Oh no! I don't believe this, I don't - can't - believe this is happening to my darling little girl." she replied, and started weeping.
I took her in my arms and cuddled her, assuring her that everything was and would be OK until she stopped crying, and then I went to make a pot of tea. Having made it I asked where Dad was.
"He's out in his workshop making something on his lathe."
"I'll just go and get him then, do you want to get some cups and milk? Then we can have a talk all together." I asked.
"Emily! You can't go and get your Father dressed as you are - he'll see you naked - go and put some clothes on right now my girl and stop all this silliness - I really don't know what's gotten into you today but it has to stop right now!" she said, anger obvious in her voice now.
"So far today, Mum, lot's of people have seen me naked, and lots more will do so in the future too." and I went out the back door down to the shed.
It was starting to get chilly now and I had goosebumps on my skin as I opened the workshop door to find Dad measuring something long and cylindrical in the lathe. He turned to look when he heard the door open and, rather than the shocked expression I had expected, a rather enigmatic smile played on his lips. It wasn't creepy, nor leering, but it had an element of expectedness about it, like he wasn't too surprised to encounter me dressed as I was.
Puzzled, I nevertheless went over to him and gave him a customary kiss on his cheek and said, "Hi Dad, Mum's just making some tea for us and I wondered if you'd come in for a chat - I have so much to tell you both and I'd rather do it only once?"
"Yes, OK then - you look good today, what have you been up to?" he replied.
"Dad, you don't seem overly shocked or put out that I'm not wearing any clothes - what's going on?" I asked.
"I am a little surprised to see you out here with nothing on, and walking around the garden like that, but I'd wondered for so long now if, or when, this day might come - and part of me is rather pleased it has - but we have to talk about that some, so come on, let's go."
He put his arm around my waist, nothing unusual about that either, he and I had always touched and cuddled a lot in a Father/Daughter way - nothing seedy about it at all - and led me out of the shed and up the path to the house.
"You know that next door can see into our garden don't you, so you should be careful about being out here like that in case they see you - don't want to embarrass yourself do you." he said as we walked.
I didn't have time to respond to that before we were going into the kitchen where Mum was still stuck between angry and crying for what had happened to me.
"Dad, tell her to go and put some clothes on - I've told her and she won't listen to me - and she's going on about not wearing clothes a lot more in the future - I can't cope with this Dad!" she wailed and buried her face in his chest while we both hugged her together.
After a few minutes, Dad said, "Darling, I don't understand why you're getting so upset about this, I mean I often wondered if this day would ever come and whether it was something passed down through the genes or was it just something that came to certain individuals and not others - now it seems to be the former, wouldn't you agree?"
Mum stopped crying and looked up at him and I felt her body relax as she did, then her shoulders dropped a little and, resignedly, she went to sit at the kitchen table. I poured our tea and took it over then sat down with them too.
"What's going on Mum; Dad. What do you mean about expecting this day to come - I'm confused now."
"Emily, I presume that nothing bad has happened to you and you are dressed as you are by choice?" Dad asked.
"Open your eyes Dad - I'm not dressed at all!"
"Exactly so, Emily, exactly so. The truth is; there is something that we've never discussed with you before, something that we used to do before you were born and when you were a baby that we agreed we'd give up doing until you were grown up and made your own way in the world. Why don't you tell her Mother?"
"Emily; your Dad and I have often spoken of whether this day would come, and if it did wondered how it would manifest itself. The truth is, I suppose, that we've both expected you to do what you've done today - but in our wildest dreams we hadn't considered it would be exactly like this. You see, we'd wondered if it was in our genes, or was it a social thing - but it seems that maybe it is in the genes." Mum said, and then looked at Dad.
"I don't understand - what are you going on about jeans for - why aren't you shouting at me for coming home nude and why are you so calm about it now - non of this is what I was expecting and now I'm confused! Please - tell me what's going on and why you aren't both going mad at me."
Dad took up where Mum had left off then, "When you were starting to get old enough to take notice of what was going on around you, and for memories to stick in your head, we decided we'd give up what we'd enjoyed together up until that time, or at least, mostly gave up. We have gone back to it a few times when you've stayed with Gran and we've gone off for a weeks holiday now and then though. And what we'd always wondered about was whether you would come to follow your parents, would you come to enjoy doing what we'd loved to do since we met, in fact that's how we met actually. But no, we're not mad at you - on the contrary - it means that your Mum and I can finally be ourselves and not worry about forcing you into something that society sees as morally reprehensible. You see Emily, we are nudists - we met at a nudist resort in France and had been practising nudism for years before we'd met courtesy of your Mother's family and my breaking my parents hearts when I told them what I was and what nudism is all about."
Mum broke in then,
"You see, we didn't want to influence you and, if you were going to come to it, allow you to find it in your own way. Now that you have, well - I couldn't be more pleased actually, because we too can now practice our nudism around the home with you and you can, if you wish, come on holidays with us to enjoy social nudity on a grand scale. So we're not mad at you. I must admit though that I'm a little concerned, only for your safety mind, that you chose to tell us about it by turning up home in a strange car completely naked! Where are your clothes by the way, and who was it that brought you home?"
I was silent for a while, just trying to compute what I'd just been told - it was such a difficult thing for me to get my head around.
Saying nothing, I poured a fresh cup of tea, for some reason this one, while still hot, tasted odd - Mum and Dad clearly understood that I needed time to work things out in my head while I made it.
'Let me see if I can get this straight - they were nudists before they met - they've continued to practice their nudity in secret from me - and now they are glad that I too have found my own love of nudity, for that surely was what it was since that profound moment in the restaurant when I'd walked out of the toilets.' I thought to myself.
What did this mean? On the face of it, it meant that I'd be able to go nude at home - that they too would be going naked with me, or should that have been me with them, whatever; it meant that I didn't have anything to fear at home and our love for one another was not going to suffer - indeed, it may even grow - if that's possible. But it will put away a lie that they'd been living nearly all of my life - and I suddenly felt guilty about that.
I regained my seat, still in silence.
Eventually, and thanks to the clear understanding of my parents having had time to think things through, I said,
"You met at a nudist resort - you used to go to, what, clubs or something, in this country and lived your home lives nude - until I got in the way and, for whatever reason, you gave up something that you loved doing because of me."
Mum started to speak but I held up my hand to stop her.
"And you gave it up for some weird kind of social experiment to see whether there is such a thing as a nudist gene, now I know what you mean by genes by the way. How could you do that - how could you give up on something so wonderful to fulfil some sort of test and see if I'd find nudism on my own? Were you ever planning on telling me all of this if I hadn't been 'caught out' naked?" I don't know what to say now - I'm just so confused!"
"Darling, yes, we did, almost, give up our love of social nudity for you - we didn't want you to be an outcast and have no friends in school - we didn't want to be an embarrassment to you outside the house - we were afraid that you'd be ostracised by your peers because of us - you can't know how hard it was for us - it was an integral part of our lives together - but we wanted to protect you from what society rejects as immoral, disgusting and rude." Mum explained.
"Mum, I've just had a, shall we say educational, discussion with someone in Tescos about what is disgusting and immoral because she didn't like my being naked, so you don't have to tell me nor protect me from such things, I think I've got a reasonably stable view of the world and an understanding of the different types of people and their status led morality too thanks to you - so you don't have to sound so apologetic about what you've done.
I wish I'd known about this years ago, because for such a long time, even when I was in Comprehensive School, if I was at home on my own I'd chance getting undressed and wandering around naked and loved doing it.
But today, I was in McDonalds with my friends when this woman came in; and she was naked - she challenged the management, who wanted her to leave, and then asked the people in the restaurant if they objected to her nudity, and I suppose, because she was so confident they allowed it - but I felt as though that woman should have be me - I wanted to be her - to have her courage and self belief that she could be so bold.
Indeed, I went into the ladies loo's with her to talk to her, that was after her husband had arrived too, but he was dressed, about what it was like to be out in public like that - and nearly everything I'd felt going around here nude is what she explained to me.
She said, though, that the only way I'd know what it was like would be to do it - she didn't encourage me though, I did it on my own - anyway, I fought with myself about taking off my clothes and walking out of there naked, like she was - I couldn't do it to start with, I mean leave my clothes, so I ripped them up and threw them away in the bin - so that I didn't have a choice any-more - I had to do it.
Only when it came time to come home did I have a panic about being nude - I mean I thought you'd all go nuts and ground me for a year for coming home naked - Gina suggested that we go to Tesco, just around the corner, to get me a cheap dress or something. I asked how we'd go about that as neither of us had any clothes with us anyway.
She explained that, besides the obvious fact that we didn't have any clothes on in there, she'd been shopping there last weekend and that she'd done so nude, so off we went. But that woman complained about us and I just saw red - I pointed out to her a poor, scruffily dressed old man with about half a plastic bag of shopping and struggling so hard to walk, all bent over because of his back - I pointed out how that was disgusting and immoral that we as a society didn't properly look after folks who'd probably fought a war for us, and this is how we honour and look after them - and I think I reset her definition of disgusting and immoral for her!
That, in a nutshell, is how it came about that I arrived home naked; driven by Gina and Martin, her husband, after my friends had abandoned me in McDonalds.
And now - well now all I can think of is the years of pleasure that I've missed out on for your bloody social experiment!"
Dad smiled a little at that, but said, "I suppose it was, in a way, an experiment, but that was a side-effect of the main reason. The real reason we stopped going naked at home was to not influence you or make you think you had to do something that you didn't want to do. We didn't want you to feel as though we'd forced you to become someone you didn't want to be or made you do something that you wouldn't agree to if you knew better."
"I can kind of see your point of view, but why would you be so ashamed of something that you loved doing, and then carry on doing it in a backhanded way when I'd been away at school just to keep me 'pure', if that's what you thought you were doing?" I asked.
"I suppose it's we that have been ashamed, in a way, because we've never told anyone outside of the Naturist circle about our 'hobby', but things were different then, it just wasn't understood by society if you did anything out of the ordinary, and one had to go off hiding away, in this country anyway, if you wanted to, that's why we used to belong to a Club and would go off to the swimming pools of some of the more open minded local authorities who were prepared to accommodate us, but there weren't many of them. We were blessed, however, with one at Llantarnam and one at Chepstow on a Saturday and Sunday evenings. We'd have told you all about it eventually, it's just that you seem to have pre-empted us by meeting someone else who obviously has more courage than your Father and me." Mum said.
"Anyway, while we're absolutely thrilled to be able to tell you, finally, about our hidden life and welcome you into it and we'll enjoy us all being nude together, I don't think that your being nude out on the streets and in public is safe, and your bound to get yourself arrested." Dad added.
"We'll have to see about that part, but since your going to enjoy us all being nude together, I think now is the time to start - so let's level the playing field here - it's time, I think, that you both joined me; don't you?" I asked.
I expected Dad to start, I don't know why, maybe because he'd seemed so relaxed about it all, but instead Mum stood up and started to unbutton her dress and took it off, closely followed by her bra and knickers until, at last, she stood before us naked herself. She rubbed the feeling of her clothes off her body and asked,
"Well, what do you think? Can you cope with me walking around the house like this Emily?"
I got up and just hugged her close into me. I don't think I'd ever been happier and for a bog standard day with no aspirations to be anything else, it had turned into a new beginning day for all of us as, when I turned to look at Dad, he too had dis-robed and was stood before me in all his glory, unabashed and unashamed, and he looked sooo good too! In fact, if he wasn't my Dad, I wouldn't be in a rush to kick him out of bed had the chance presented itself!
I started to cry, not sobbing, just tears running down my face in torrents and a snotty nose dribbling onto my lips and into my mouth. The feelings of disappointment that we'd missed so many years of pleasure together like this and the joy at finally being able to admit to my family who I really was just kept those tears coming.
Mum and Dad came across to me and we all hugged and cried together for a while, and I don't think we'd ever been as close as a family as we became that evening.
For my part, Mum and Dad treated me with a whole load more respect than they had in the past, finally treating me like the adult that I'd become under their tutelage, taking my thoughts and feelings, no matter what the subject or how socially difficult it was, into due consideration.
I, in my own part, treated them more as friends and confidantes than parents and since that very day we've never been happier.
We had our dinner together, none of us now bothering to dress, and shortly afterwards I gave Gina a ring.
I called a taxi, one of the companies I had used often enough before, and asked for a car to take me to Gina's and it duly arrived. I grabbed my purse and went to kiss Mum and Dad goodbye and tell them where I was going and, once again, Mum was in despair and pleading with me about getting dressed first. I told her I'd be fine and that I just didn't want to get dressed - I wanted to enjoy what I'd discovered this afternoon as much as possible. Dad just nodded his head, smiled, told me I looked beautiful, patted me on the bottom and just said to be careful.
I left the house via the front door and the look on the taxi driver's face was a picture. I walked down the drive and opened the front door and got in alongside him and gave him Gina's address.
"Haven't you forgotten something miss?" he asked.
"Uuuum... No, I don't think so. I have my purse and can't think of anything else that I need." I replied, playing dumb.
"What about some clothes, miss!"
"Oh, those - no, I don't need any of those where I'm going." I said, smiling at him.
Off we went then and I did notice that the poor mad did have a little trouble in the eye and trouser departments - his trousers became suddenly too tight in the crotch and his eyes struggled to stay on the road.
I was loving the effect I had on him and it made me quite wet.
"Have you ever had a naked fare before driver?" I cruelly asked him.
"No, I have to admit this is a first, and I'll tell you in this job you get to see some sights. I've had a topless woman before, she'd sold her blouse to someone in the club she'd been in for a charity raffle and didn't have anything to put on. She said she'd sold kisses to her nipples after that to make more money for it and seemed really quite relaxed about running around topless, but I've never had a naked fare before, either male or female. So, why are you naked then, if you don't mind my asking, and since you brought the subject up?" he replied.
"Just because I want to be - no other reason - I like the feeling of freedom and the heightened state of self awareness that it creates, besides, it's fun!"
"Don't you worry about getting unwanted attention running around like that?"
"I haven't given it much thought actually. I mean, I don't think, despite my nudity, that I'm particularly giving off any sexual signals to anyone. Do you think I am, or do I appear to be just a woman who is not wearing any clothes?"
"Actually, yes, you do just look like a person not wearing any clothes, there's nothing overtly sexual about your demeanour at all, but for all that, I am sexually aroused by your nudity, not that I intend to do anything about it though. However, I think if I spent some more time with you and you just behaved normally, while not entirely being a non issue I'd soon get used to seeing you like that and it wouldn't be so much of an issue."
"Thank you for that - that is exactly the response I'm looking for - I just want to be taken for a normal person who happens to be unclad - not just a naked person. Would you mind being my driver again if I'm nude? I'd like you to if you would - you make me feel safe." I asked.
"Yes, Miss, I wouldn't mind at all - well let's be fair, who wouldn't want to drive a beautiful naked lady around!"
We chatted about this and that for the following few minutes it took to reach Gina's home and, soon enough we arrived and I paid him the fare, and asked if he would collect me later on to take me home. He readily agreed and I said I would ring his office when I needed him.
"My name's Gerald, Gerry, so if you ask for me I'll be right along...?" and he paused, waiting for me to proffer my own name.
"Emily, Gerry; my names Emily." and I held my hand out to him to shake in greeting, "And thank you for not making a fuss about my dress and getting me here safely. I'll see you later then."
I think I'll describe Gerry at this juncture, because we're going to hear more of him later, significantly more.
He was about 23 to 25 years old, blonde haired and, although it's hard to judge when someone's sitting down, I figured about 5ft 10" and he looked like he worked out a lot. He had a flat stomach and bulky pectoral muscles and his upper arms were a larger diameter than the top of my thigh. He had a well arranged face and, overall, presented a pleasant countenance to the world. The way he handled my nudity too was a point in his favour, being truthful about the sexual arousal he felt due to my dress but for all that being gentlemanly about it as well. All 'round, he was sufficiently attractive, both physically and temperamentally, that I wanted to see him again and if he were to ask me out I wouldn't hesitate to accept. (If he didn't do so soon, I thought, I'd have to take the initiative and ask him!)
I got out of the cab and blew him a kiss, then went up Gina's drive and fair banged away at the door, impatient to see Gina and Martin again, even though it had only been a few hours since I'd last seen them; but so much had changed since I saw them I was eager to be in their company and tell them my news.
We spent some time looking at the CCBN (Central Council for British Naturism) web site and I found it to be useful for information but not supportive of what we wanted to do - ie. to just be naked if we wanted to wherever we were. This was the world that my parents had described to me, a 'closed shop' where people gathered together in a strictly organised manner, and didn't, by and large, practice their penchant for social nudity outside of their closed group. I wondered at their beguiling behaviour and was disappointed at their denial of themselves, which in turn promoted, it seemed to me, the opinion that the human body was something to be ashamed of; to be hidden away from sight as though a glimpse of skin other than legs to the knee, arms and face were something that was so disgusting that it must not be seen. And yet, while people of all walks of life would publicly disparage strip clubs, and newspapers like The Sun who daily displayed on page three a young lady clearly displaying her breasts and still the sex trade flourishes; and that means that those self same people took advantage of them. Well, maybe not all of them but it had to be a fair percentage that could support the teaming sex trade to be found in all of the large cities of Britain.
We did find information that would be of assistance to us though, like where one could attend organised naturist swim sessions in the local area (or within 50 miles of residence) which we decided we'd like to take advantage of.
Anyway, after a very enjoyable and fruitful couple of hours I rang the cab company and asked for Gerry to pick me up and take me home. I was told I'd have to wait about 30 minutes for him to be free or I could have a car immediately if not, and that the company discouraged requests for a particular driver. I said I'd wait and get Gerry to tell the boss why I was requesting him in particular so that there wouldn't be any problem in the future.
We had another quick cuppa and then there was a knock on the door. Gina got up and went to the door and came back in to tell me that my cab was here. I kissed them both goodnight and went out to the front door where Gina and Martin followed.
"Hi Gerry, I hope I haven't caused you any trouble at work - the desk wasn't too keen to send you to pick me up." I said.
"No Emily, it's no trouble at all." he replied, leading off down the path to his cab.
Once again, I got in the front and gave Gina another kiss on the cheek; she'd followed us out for some reason - maybe she was being protective of me - and we were off.
I'd taken the short walk from Gina's front door to the cab to take in Gerry's physic. As suspected he was about 5' 10" and had a beautiful butt, tight and swaying as he walked away from me - 'I could watch that for a week and not be bored' I thought - a slim waist and broad back. He really did look like he worked out a lot. And he had good manners too - a full package - very nice, very nice indeed!
We once again chatted as he drove me home and we seemed to be getting on OK, or was it just his professional front he was presenting to me. He seemed very natural about it if it was. I couldn't see, in the poor illumination from the street lights, whether or not he wore a wedding band!
When we pulled up outside my home, I offered him the fare and he turned on the interior light to get me my change, and no, he didn't have a wedding band. It didn't mean he was free, but it did mean that he was a possible date!
I took my change and got out of his car and walked around to the drive to find that he'd gotten out of the car too.
"Are you going to walk me to my door, Sir?" I asked demurely.
"Yes, if that's OK. I know I can see you from the car, but dressed as you are I wouldn't want anything to happen to you and not be close enough to protect you thanks."
Did people swoon these days? Let me tell you emphatically - yes - I did swoon. Gorgeous and a Gentleman to boot - he must be attached, I thought.
In an attempt to keep things light I held out my hand for him to 'take me on his arm' and said, "Why, thank you kind Sir." as he indeed offered me his arm.
We got to the front door and I was going to say 'Thank you Gerry, goodnight'; but what came out was "Would you like to take me out some time Gerry? I'd very much like it if you would."
"Ummmm, I don't know... I'm sorry, I didn't expect you to ask anything like that - I mean - why would I - beautiful young ladies don't ask people like me out do they - I mean - what do I have to offer someone like you who could have any man they set their light on?"
"Oh Gerry! Don't you dare put yourself down like that - you are gorgeous to start with and if just for your looks any girl would be glad to be on your arm - but more than that, you're a gentleman too - not many men would be able to demonstrate the constraint and manners that you have with me tonight, especially with me being dressed as I am. Do you like how I'm dressed Gerry or do you find me sluttish or disgusting because I dare to venture abroad naked?"
"No - not in the least - I think you have a rare courage to be able to do what you are and be so relaxed and normal about it. But you could have anyone you wanted instead of an uneducated old hack like me couldn't you?"
"Maybe I could, Gerry, but I've chosen you - if your free to be chosen that is." I replied.
"Well, Maam, how could I possibly refuse such a request, and yes, I'm free to be chosen - I don't have a girlfriend - never had the social skills to acquire one I'm afraid."
"Well, that's definitely my gain then Gerry, when do you think we could arrange a date then?" I asked.
Before he could answer, the front door opened and my Dad stood behind it wearing a dressing gown.
"Is everything OK Emily, we saw you pull up and expected to hear you come in sooner." he asked.
"Yes, Dad, everything is very OK. This is Gerry, my driver - if I need to go anywhere he'll be my personal chauffeur and he'll keep me safe - he wouldn't even let me walk up the drive alone, would you Gerry?"
"Just wanted to ensure your safety Maam." he replied.
"Now come on Gerry, Emily is my name - can't have you calling me Maam if were out on a date can I?"
"No, I suppose not - Emily."
I could see his blush from the overspilling light coming from the open door, and before anything else could be said he said, "Goodnight then, Emily, don't forget to ask for me when you need a car again will you." And he nodded a goodnight to my Dad and turned and walked back down to his car with me calling after him "What about our date?" after him.
"Maybe we'll arrange something next time I pick you up." and with that he was back in his car and off down the street.
I playfully slapped my Dad's chest with my open hand and said, "Good timing Dad, good timing!" and we went into the house.
"What's with the dressing gown then Dad, I thought we'd worked out our new 'at home' dress code earlier, or at least 'at home' for you and Mum, unless you're going to follow my lead?" I asked him.
"I don't think we will be as brave, or is that foolhardy, as you're being Emily." he replied, continuing, "We really aren't comfortable with you going out naked as you have tonight - do you really have to push that hard? Can't we keep this between ourselves Love?"
"Dad, I can't - I can't hide this away - it would make what I'm doing something to be ashamed of - something dirty, immoral even - when I don't feel like that at all - I feel free at last - free to be the person I've been hiding away for years. I appreciate that there will be places where I can't go nude, like to college and what have you - but when I feel happy about being nude then I want the freedom to be so instead of living a life constrained and imprisoned by society's skewed opinion of the human form, and I'm sure you and Mum would love it too if you had the courage to try it. Look at just now where you had to scurry around to find a dressing gown before you would open the door to your own daughter - Pah! I can't be doing with that malarky!"
We left it at that, for the time being anyway, while we had a final drink together and I told them both about my evening with Gina, Martin... and Gerry!
Before I went to bed I made myself a cup of hot milk, in an effort to relax me a little so that I'd sleep better, and went out to the patio to drink it and reflect on the most amazing day of my life.
The release and realisation that I wasn't a pervert for running around nude when I was home, but much more than that the realisation that, even if there was only a few of us, that I could do it in public too, had been overwhelming. At last - I could be me - and my parents were, to a degree, supportive of what I was doing too.
Much to my amazement, they'd shown me where my penchant for nudity came from and then, to my delight, they'd joined me in being naked, at least around the house - 'I'll wean them off that me-thinks!' I thought.
And then there was Gerry - I'd never had a boyfriend - I don't know what it was about boys in my group but they seemed to be so immature, and they'd go all shy and silly if you showed any attention towards them, or they'd push out their chests and assume that all you wanted was to have sex with them. The proposition of having any sort of relationship just didn't seem to enter into their very limited horizons - morons!
But Gerry - well he'd been nothing but a gentleman and, while he did get a little shy about my forwardness in asking him out on a date, at least he wasn't silly and pre-pubescent about it, rather he was honest and open about his lack of confidence about himself and with women which in itself was endearing.
'I do so hope he will take me out sometime - I think he's really nice.' I thought to myself.
I went to bed relaxed and happier than I'd ever been in my life.