Chapter 4 -- Jeep Ride:
Introduction: This is the continued story of Gina who has reverted to her younger days of being quite uninhabited. If you haven't read the first few installments, you might want to catch up first. A little more about Gina, a wife of 22 years, who is in her mid 40's and blessed. Some of the stories I will tell are based on actual events and memories that took place throughout our years together, I hope you enjoy reading them as much as I do telling them.
John was sitting in his office, and he gets a FaceTime call from his wife Gina. There she is in the jeep that belongs to the college kid next doors, and she is driving it, her hair pulled back in a ponytail. "Hey, Kevin let me take his jeep to the beach today!"
At first, he didn't notice, but she hits a bump and John realizes she is wearing her overall jean skirt with no top under it, her right boob bounces from the side of the bib and is totally exposed as she drives down the interstate.
"Baby, what has gotten into you, I'm not complaining, I actually love it, but you sure are enjoying this showing off thing lately!"
She just giggles, "No idea what you're talking about." As he hears a car horn in the background and her giggle again.
"You have your bikini bottoms on right," He ask her.
She tilts the phone down to show her foot up on the edge of the door opening and the bottom of the skirt up high enough that anyone can see the only thing she has on is the bib overall dress. Her bare pussy and lips on display as she drives.
Panning back up her right boob is still hanging out the side of the bib.
"Baby you're crazy and I love it, be careful and enjoy the beach!"
He starts to hang up and hears a truck horn sound. She waves the phone at someone while she is driving. "Baby, you're going to cause a wreck!"
John is not sure what is going on, but he continues to watch the screen of his phone, as she is waving her hand and phone around. She comes back on, "The trucker is wanting me to undo the bib," she laughs.
John laughs at her, "So what are you going to do," she turns the phone towards the truck; he sees it's a young black guy looking down at her. He waves down at her smiling.
She places the phone in the holder on the dash, smiling at John waving to the phone. "I'm going to flash him a bit more" she yells over the wind.
"What?"
He watches as she wiggles the skirt part up a little higher on her hips. John hears the truck horn sound again. He is thinking, 'I'm watching a Voyeur Champ video from Pornhub staring my wife.' She looks up at him and back at John smiling. Then reached to the metal clasp of the bib and releases right side, letting half the bib drop down exposing her right boob to him.
"WHAT?" He hears her yelling looking up.
She looks over at the phone again, "He wants me to undo both of them!" she laughs.
Then grabs the phone turning it to the other side where another trucker is watching her now on the other side, she is almost boxed in, returning it back to herself and placing it back in the holder, "I'm popular today!"
John is watching his sexy wife driving down the interstate in a jeep that has no top, doors or sides, her legs spread exposing her pussy to these truck drivers, with one boob totally exposed. And that's not enough for him, John laughs to himself as he rubs his growing cock through his slacks knowing the trucker would keep pushing her for more if he can get the other side undone.
"Do it!" He tells her over the phone.
She is laughing at the whole situation as she is fumbling to release the other side. John watches as she gets it undone and then grabs the steering wheel with both hands as the entire bib drops down to her waist, now both her big boobs and pussy are on display with her dress around her hips, all he can do is watch from work and rub himself through his slacks.
She looks over at the phone, "Are you enjoying this too?"
He asks her, "How close are you to the exit?"
"Ten more minutes, why?"
"Take it off for me and put on your bikini!" He tells her adding to both of their excitement.
"Are you crazy!
"No, maybe, yes, do it!" He instructs her, not believing he just told her to strip for strangers driving on the Interstate.
He can hear her laughing at him. John sees her leaning over, pulling out a wad of strings and realize it is her white Wicked Weasel bikini; she has yet to wear to the beach until today, that he knows of, he hopes she actually wears it.
He continues to watch in amazement as she starts to wiggle the skirt down over her hips and thighs. John is trying to not cum watching his beautiful wife stripping naked driving a jeep, on the interstate for these guys. He cannot see it, but he can tell she is stepping out of the overall skirt, tossing it behind the seat. He hears the horns blast again. Then she starts laughing as the wind whips the strings around.
She yells towards the phone, "I can't get the bikini untangled!"
He sees her trying to get the loose strings separated with one hand and steer with the other, even the bottoms are untied. "Crap, I have to get off here," she laughs.
She slows and gets around the back of the truck to her right, then to the exit ramp of the interstate. John is thinking this is going to get more interesting. There is a red light at the top of the exit, he hears her down shifting "Baby, I'm fucking naked in traffic!"
John hears someone 'woohooing' now as the jeep slows. "Shit, it turned green!"
He watches his naked wife as she turns into beach traffic. "Pull off baby and put it on!" He tells her.
"No, I got it" she says laughing, looking left and right to see who is watching her.
Slowing and steering with her knee, she puts a quick over hand knot in the top and drapes it over her head. Its low on her boobs as she tries to pull in into place and comes to a stop, at he guesses is a red light, as he hears people yelling at her, she is still smiling and laughing at herself.
She manages to sorta get her top in place, hints of her nipples showing from the sides, before pulling off again when the light turns green and jamming the bottoms between her legs.
She looks at John and says, "I'll finish after I park, maybe!" She laughs.
Several minutes later, she parks the jeep, and he watches as she slips out the side of the doorless jeep and pulls the bottoms into place tying both sides before adjusting the top to cover up her nipples properly. She grabs the phone to show him she is covered up; well, her bikini is on anyway.
The bottoms are tiny and mostly strings, he knows when she lays down and spreads her legs, it covers nothing. Moreover, both the top and bottoms are sheer and almost invisible especially when wet.
She tells him she is going to hang up now and she will let him know when she is on the way home.
...
A few hours later she sends him a text letting him know she is on the way home. He asked her if she had fun, she tells him oh yeah, the guys at the beach enjoyed her bikini, especially when she came out the water.
She sends him a few pics of her wet bikini, a few with her top untied barely covering her nipples, one with her bottoms untied with the strings pulled down between her thighs barely hiding her slit, one of her on her tummy, everything untied, the bottoms laying on the towel between her thighs.
Then he had to ask her, "Who took these pictures, because these aren't selfies!"
She just replied with a "LOL", and then telling him "An admirer."
All he can do is shake his head and think about all the young guys ogling his mostly naked cougar wife.
...
John gets home before she does, starts dinner then he hears the Jeep pull up next doors. Walking outside to see her still in the Jeep, in her string bikini, barely. He just watches her as Kevin and two of the other guy's next doors go out to meet her asking her how her beach day went. That's when John realizes she is tying the sides of her bottoms as they look on, fishing one of the front strings from beneath her inside thigh.
They watch her as she gathers her belongings then hops out grabbing her bag, along with her overalls from behind the seat and hands Kevin his keys giving him a hug, she tells him something, he tells her, "Anytime!"
They watch her ass as she walks across their yard; John can see her hard nipples poking through the sheer thin white material. He just smiles enjoying the view from the front, knowing they are enjoying her practically naked backside, walking up the steps she hugs John, and they go inside.
As soon as they are in the kitchen, she starts to tell him how horny she is and starts to undo his slacks. He is not about to stop her as she quickly drops to her knees and swallows his cock taking it until her nose bounces off his stomach.
John reaches down untying her top letting her tits free, trying to feel them as she forces him to a climax.
He just holds the back of her head letting her have every drop she can suck out of him. She gets up smiling, "There is more where that came from." And heads down the hall and into the bathroom where he hears her turn on the shower.
She sticks her head around the corner of the doorway, "Brian reminded me there is a contest Thursday Night."
After what must have been, a forty-five-minute shower she comes down the hall with a towel around her and her hair wrapped in another on top of her head.
"So how was your shower?" He asks her.
She just smiles, "What, could you hear me?"
He just laughs, "No but apparently you enjoyed it. Were you thinking about your admirers on your beach adventure or the contest?"
She slaps his arm, "Baaaby.... Both, you should have seen Kevin's face when I went over to get the keys in the overalls!"
"I am guessing just like when you first called me?"
She giggles, "Well I kinda pulled it to the side a bit first, you know to show my appreciation."
John just shakes his head again, trying to picture it in his mind, her in the backless dress and her boobs hanging out the sides of the bib.
"So, are you doing the wet T-shirt contest then?"
She smiles, "Well it's a bare as you dare contest, we missed the Wet-T Contest."
"Oh really, and how daring are you?"
She smiles, "Well in the shower, I was thinking maybe two white scarfs."
His mind started racing imagining his chesty wife in two sheer scarfs in front of a bar full of horny collage guys. "Do you need to go shopping; you can put those overalls back on!" He smiles at her.
"Why, you want to help me try them on?" she says with an evil grin on her face.
He replies, "Well it is only two nights away!"
"I have another idea also?" She tells him, thinking to herself about her daring idea.
"Well is it something you already have? Go get it, let's see." He tells her.
"No, I'm just going to have to think about it a bit first?" she explains.
She giggles, "I might need a little something to wear too the bar, my outfit for the contest might be, well not much?"
"Like how, not much?" He asks feeling his cock swelling again, pulling her too him kissing her and then turning her around bending her over the dining room table, dropping down returning the favor eating her ass and pussy.
"You will, ohhhh, have to wait like my fans next doors. Oh fuck, so you like that idea then. Ummmmmmmm fuck!" She starts to pant and moan rotating her hips into his face, her arms spread wide leaning over, hands on the tabletop.
She grinds her ass into his face before begging him to put some dick into her. He has no problem doing as he is asked, dropping his slacks and pushing into her wet sloppy pussy. Watching her tits bounce as he pounds into her until this time filling her pussy with his load.
They both bust out laughing, Gina forcing the goo from her pussy down her thighs. Johns pulls out cum dripping from his relaxing cock, then pulling his slacks back up hurrying over to the stove to turn off dinner before it burns.
John fixes their plates and pours them wine taking them out on the deck to enjoy what he had prepared. She walks out leaving the towel on the floor taking her chair still naked smiling looking over towards the house next doors but sees none of her admires.
They spend a few hours enjoying each other's company, John watching his beautiful wife dining naked. John later places the dishes in the sink and leftovers in the refrigerator, and then refills her wine glass one more time before they retire to their bedroom.