Bonnie sat quietly and stared out the window as we drove. She hadn't said much this morning, which was unusual since she was typically quite talkative in the mornings, but I fully understood why she was quiet right now. I'm sure she was experiencing some anxiety over what was about to happen to her. Perhaps, I thought, she was contemplating changing her mind.
When I proposed this, I gave it to her straight and didn't pull any punches. I was completely honest when I told her what to expect. I warned her it would be embarrassing and humiliating. I told her she would be utterly, completely and repeatedly exposed during this ordeal - not only to me, but to others, too. I told her she'd be on display as they did things, sexual things. She'd be touched intimately and when it was over, all her modesty will have been stripped from her. In essence, her entire body -- including her most intimate female places - would be been seen and touched by many people.
It would seem as though all of that would be unbearable for any eighteen year old girl, but, it was exactly what she asked for. In fact, she begged me for it.
It all began after my divorce when my daughter, Bonnie, started to visit me at my apartment on the weekends. From her very first visit, there seemed to be numerous instances of me accidentally catching her in the bathroom with the door open, or in her room partially undressed. She would walk around without a bra on under her shirts, and in the skimpiest attire.
"It's just us, Daddy." She would say, reasoning to me that she didn't have to be that careful with just the two of us there. Although I didn't say it to her, I knew she'd never done any of this when I was living at home before the divorce. Something had changed now that I was out of the house.
For example, the night of her first visit, we were going to watch a movie after dinner. So, after helping me clean the kitchen, she said she was going to change her clothes and then meet me in the living room. When she joined me, she was wearing a thin t-shirt and a pair of tight, pink panties. That's it.
She didn't have a bra on, and her pert teenage breasts jiggled with every move and her nipples were clearly erect, poking out the front of her shirt. Just looking at her, I could see the outline of her high set boobs under her shirt and I remember thinking to myself she might as well have nothing on. The t-shirt came down just below her hips so her panties were completely uncovered, and she didn't seem the least bit concerned that her mound and cleft were on prominent display to me. Plus, her panties were tight and although they covered her, they didn't leave much to my imagination. I could see the swell of her mound and the way her pubic hair puffed her panties out in front. It was agonizing, and, it was wonderful all at the same time.
I tried to act like it wasn't bothering me, and I tried hard not to stare at her, but frankly, it was impossible. Throughout the whole movie, I stole glances at her while she sat next to me on the couch. She'd glance up to catch me looking at her and then casually turn her attention back to movie, as if she had no idea what she was doing to me. About halfway through the movie, she shifted her body to lie back on the couch, laying her head on the padded arm and stretching her legs out in my direction. At first, I could only see a small triangle of her pink panties as they strained against her mound, but when she shifted again and brought her knees up, it allowed me to see the strip of pink material covering her vagina. In essence, I had a full view of the gusset of her panties, from front to back.
Her panties were creased up in between her lower lips lewdly, like she'd intentionally pushed them in between her labia and left them like that to catch my stare. As I continued to peek at her, her legs fell apart little by little until her knees were gaping open, affording me a view of my daughter that a father probably should never have. I completely lost interest in the movie and sat there gawking at her. After a while, I shook some sense into myself, and knowing I needed to walk away for a few minutes to get my composure back, I asked her to pause the DVD so I could get a glass of wine from the kitchen, and when she did, I got up off the couch to go get it.
I knew she'd given me a hard-on. I knew it was wrong to be sexually excited by the way my daughter was exposing herself. But, it had been over two years since my ex and I had sex, and I wasn't in a relationship or having sex with anyone yet. Honestly, my daughter is a woman and I'm a man, so I think my hard-on was completely explainable. I wasn't necessarily happy that I had a hard-on looking between my daughter's legs, but I was horny and she obviously didn't care that I was looking at her panty covered pussy.
Unfortunately, when I stood up, my hard cock immediately tented the front of my pants. I tried to be nonchalant about covering it, but I wasn't quick enough and Bonnie saw the way my cock was poking my pants out in front of me. I saw a small smile creek up from the corners of her mouth, and remarkably, she didn't make any effort to look away. She caught me dead to rights with a hard-on from looking at her, and she knew it.
When I returned from the kitchen, she was in the same position, but it looked to me like her panties had been shoved up in between her pussy lips even more than they were before, and I could see an indentation and a small wet spot on her panties right where I guessed the entrance of her pussy hole would be -- meaning she'd touched herself while I was gone. This was getting freaky, and in as much as I didn't want to keep staring at her, I was beyond the point where I could help myself from doing it.
Right before the movie was over, she apparently fell asleep on the couch next to me and her legs fell all the way open as she snoozed. I sat there terrified, wondering if she was faking -- secretly watching me between her closed eyelids to see what I would do. Her crotch was fully open to me, and as I looked down at her panties stretched across her teenage pussy, I had an overwhelming desire to look closer -- to examine her as much as I could.
I called her name and there was no response. I touched her foot and she didn't move at all. Finally, she made a wheezing sound and lazily turned her head slowly away from me. It was only then that I knew she really was sleeping.
Thinking quickly about the risks of what I was about to do, and then deciding to go ahead with it, anyway, I leaned down toward her panty encased pussy. I could actually smell her femininity, and the closer my face got to her panties, the stronger the smell got. I was also able to see the dainty little hairs poking out under the sides of her panties between her legs, and her small mat of pubic hair pressing against the silky material. It looked to me that she probably trimmed herself down there instead of shaved, and that disappointed me, but, I surely wasn't going to complain. I was lucky enough to have my face inches away from an eighteen year old girl's pussy, so I could easily overlook the pubic hair.
Silently, I eased myself off the couch and onto my knees right next to her. Reaching down, I quietly unzipped my pants and fished my hard cock out. Then, feasting my eyes on her, I began to stroke myself as silently as I could. I looked at her closely, taking note of every facet of the way her panties covered her crotch. I studied the way her pubic hair created a mosaic of texture around her lips and then leaning in, almost to the point where I was touching her with my nose, I breathed in her aroma as my jacking continued.
I knew what I was doing was despicable, but, she'd brought this on herself. Since she was sleeping, she wouldn't know what I was doing and given the way she openly displayed herself before she went to sleep, I reasoned it out that she probably wouldn't care. So I kept on -- stroking myself as I inspected and examined my daughter's crotch and sniffing her essence only inches away from her vagina.
When I came, I blasted streams of cum on the floor and against the front of the couch, literally covering everything in front of me with thick, white globs of cum. It was one of the most intense cums I ever had and when it was over, I almost keeled over with exhaustion.
Incidents like the couch episode continued to occur every weekend when she came to visit. All through the winter, I was treated to frequent visual treats of her in some degree of undress, but interestingly enough, I never saw her completely naked from the front. I saw her from behind plenty of times, or, holding a towel in front of her, or sitting in the bathtub shaving her legs through the opened bathroom door. In her bedroom, she seemed to malinger in her bra and panties for hours with the door open, or sometimes with just a t-shirt on and no panties. And it seemed to happen daily -- sometimes, three or four times a day. It was absolute hell on me.
Her exhibitions got so common I could even predict when it would happen and I started to create situations on purpose where it might be possible for me to see her in her panties, or less. When summer started, she asked if she could move in with me and of course, I said she could. That's when all this kicked up a few notches.
Bonnie's dressing and undressing habits got bolder. Now that she was living with me full time, there was no pretense about closing doors. Instead of leaving the doors open just four of five inches, now she left it all the way open. She would even call to me and ask a question, tricking me into coming to her room and I always seemed to arrive in her doorway just as she was pulling her panties up and turning around to face me.
Another thing she did most parents would attribute to sheer, sloppy teenager-itis. I would have to pick up her clothes she left strewn all over her floor just to create a safe place to walk, and I was constantly finding her panties. They were on her floor, on her bed, in her bed, in the bathroom and a few times, I even found her dirty panties in my room. Just from the number of panties I found laying around each week, I was sure she was changing them multiple times a day, and I was really curious about that.
And of course, each time I ran across a pair of her panties, they were always lying with the inside of the crotch panel facing up, bringing my attention to the remnants of her female juices. It wasn't unusual for me to find a pair of twisted up panties with patches of pussy secretions still wet, or panties where the cotton crotch panel was literally stuck together due to the amount of dried pussy juice.
It was all incredibly hard to take -- especially her panties. I say that because I've always had a thing about panties, and believe it or not, my life long panty fetish was partially responsible for the break down of my marriage.
One of the reasons my wife divorced me, she said, was because I was a panty pervert and she felt she couldn't live with me any longer. She'd caught me numerous times with her worn panties held to my nose as I played with myself, and each time it happened, we had a yelling match and she got progressively more distant. When the end came, my wife told me she wouldn't mention my perverted panty behavior to our daughter if I didn't contest the divorce. "Fine with me." I said to myself. And after that, I simply moved out and let the divorce happen.
But, during the time before the divorce, while I was living at home, I never had an interest in my daughter's panties -- it was always my wife's panties, and my wife knew it. They were easily accessible anytime I wanted them, either clean or worn, and I loved my wife and she truly turned me on. It was only logical that her panties would be the ones I was after. But, she finally had enough of it. The last time she caught me, I was hiding in the bathroom with the crotch of her panties in my mouth and a silky pair wrapped around my cock stroking for all I was worth. World War III ensued with a lot of name calling and yelling from both of us.
So, finding my daughter's panties created quite a problem for me. I tried to fight the urge and the temptations of her panties, and when Bonnie was at home - in the apartment with me, it was easy to set them aside or just throw them in the washer. But, it got much harder when Bonnie was gone and I was left alone with her soft panties and a hard cock.
One afternoon, Bonnie had gone to the mall to shop. After she left, I happened to walk by her room and I looked in. As usual, her clothes were in piles on the floor and I shook my head as I bent down to start picking them up. On her desk, I noticed she'd left her laptop turned on, and I couldn't stop myself from sitting down and snooping around in her files.
I found a folder named "Private" and I opened it. To my amazement, the folder was filled with other folders containing lewd pictures and erotic stories downloaded from the internet. Somewhat shocked to find all this on my daughter's laptop, I scanned each folder and discovered most of the stories dealt with Exhibitionism, Incest, Submission and BDSM. I read a few of the stories until I found a folder named "Best Stuff."
Opening that folder, I first came upon a folder named "OMG Father Daughter" which was full of pictures. This was a series of pictures, maybe two hundred or so, of a college age girl who was obviously very shy and embarrassed. As the series of pictures progressed, her clothes disappeared one piece at a time and I could see the girl was red-faced and then, eventually she was crying as the pictures got more and more revealing. When the girl got down to her bra and panties, she was posing in the classic submissive position -- with her hands clasped behind her head.
The pictures became more and more intimate, with close-ups of her nipples and the front of her panties. There were ten or fifteen pictures where the girl was apparently told to lower her panties, and I'm sure the camera clicked away as she put her thumbs into the waistband and pushed them down to her knees. Further along, she was made to bend over and spread her butt cheeks with close-ups taken. Then, she was on her back with her legs spread -- her hands holding her pussy lips apart for the camera. The next several shots showed the girl with her right hand playing with herself and her left arm draped across her face in shame. I could see the look of sheer humiliation on the girl's face in the pictures and I surmised she was ordered to undress and pose while someone, I surmised her father, took the pictures. The last few pictures showed the girl with her knees pulled way up and a wet, sperm filled pussy. Through her knees, you could see her face and she looked completely distressed.
I also found about twenty text files, and as I opened each one, it was clear to me they were erotic stories and they all dealt with reoccurring themes, which I could only assume were my daughter's favorite things to read about. Many dealt with daughters exposing themselves to their fathers, or fathers spanking their daughters, and even daughters seducing their fathers. My cock was incredibly hard as I read these stories, and since no one was home, I pulled my pole out and stroked myself while I read. I couldn't help but think how these stories might have influenced Bonnie's exhibitionist behavior around me, and the more I read, the more similarity I found between her stories and her actions at home. There was one file mysteriously named "B&D". When I opened it, the top line of the file, which I guessed was the title, said "Bonnie and Daddy -- My Story" in big, bold type.
"Fuck!" I gasped. "You've got to be kidding me!"
As I started to read the story, my cock got harder and my stroking got more intense. There wasn't much fluff to the story and no real introduction. It got right into the juicy stuff with the main character, named 'Bonnie' (big surprise), deciding she was going to start exposing herself to her father, and tease him unmercifully until he had no choice other than to have sex with her. As the story went on, it contained passages where Bonnie left doors open and paraded around in just her underwear in order to get him to look at her, and how she'd leave the bathroom door open when she took a shower or a bath, and how she'd masturbate numerous times each day hoping she would get caught in the act by her father.
Reading more of the story, there were several pages where her father finally had enough of her teasing. He stripped the girl naked, spanked her, and then fondled her to orgasm as she lay over his lap. She went into explicit detail about how she yearned to be stripped and touched intimately by him. She went on and on about how she dreamed of being his plaything for any kind of sexual favor her father wanted. She didn't care how embarrassing or humiliating the sex acts were, even plainly stating that the more humiliating they were, the better.
As if that wasn't enough of a shocker, there was a part of the story that described Bonnie being slowly undressed by her father and how the girl got turned on by it, and how she was forced to confess her fantasies about being exposed and humiliated. When the girl was asked to give an example, she told him of her favorite fantasy where her father took her to the doctor for a physical. Then, her father was allowed to stay, watch and take part in the intimate examination of his daughter.
My darling daughter had written twenty pages detailing the doctor's physical, and how she was subjected to situation after situation with unbearable embarrassment and humiliation at the hands of the doctor, nurses and her father, including being restrained while she was fondled and having to masturbate herself to orgasm in front of everyone. In her own words, my daughter explained how she secretly desired all of these things and how happy she would be if she could experience them in real life.
I was totally shocked, and for the life of me, I would have never suspected any of this from my sweetheart of a daughter. But, honestly, I couldn't hold any of it against her because I was just as turned on reading about it, as she was writing about it. Taking a break from reading her story, I leaned back in the chair and looked around her room. Seeing a pair of her panties on the floor, I smiled to myself and then got up to get them.
The panties I found were obviously freshly worn, and the thick juices on the gusset hadn't completely dried yet. "She probably wore them last night," I thought, "then left them on her floor when she took off for the mall." I was caught between lust and love for my daughter; and sitting back down in front of her laptop to read more of her nasty story about us, the lust out weighed the love.
I held Bonnie's panties in my hand, and knowing she was at the mall, I decided I would take advantage of the situation. I slid my jeans and boxers down and began reading my daughter's story from where I left off while I jacked my cock. I was at a place in her story where the doctor had left the father alone with his naked daughter for a few minutes, and the father, who felt sorry for poor girl's aroused but unsatisfied state, decided he would play with her pussy and make her cum while the doctor was out.
The words my daughter wrote enticingly described how the girl was splayed out, with her legs held open on the gynecology table. Having just been examined, her pussy was open and she was literally dripping wet with a combination of her natural lubrication and the examination jelly. So, her father's fingers went to work on her pussy, but, it wasn't enough for the girl. In desperation, she finally begged him to put his cock in her. Of course, the father obliged and while he fucked her, the doctor and nurse returned. Finding the father fully impaled inside his daughter's pussy, the doctor and nurse gathered around the table to watch, and while they did, the nurse pinched the girl's nipples and the doctor took pictures. .
I couldn't believe my daughter could write this stuff. And as I read it, I held her panties to my face and breathed in her luscious vaginal aroma while I jerked my cock. Pretty soon, I got that urgent feeling and I knew I was going to cum; I just couldn't hold back any longer. Between the story and Bonnie's panties, I was way beyond being able to stop my climax.
When I knew it was time, I stood up and jacked myself furiously as I sniffed my baby's panties, blowing thick streams of cum all over the carpet in her room. Jet after jet of cum spurted out of my cock as the thick droplets of my hot sperm peppered her floor.
It was probably the biggest cum I'd had in a long time, and while I recovered and tried to catch my breath, I decided it was about time to confront my daughter and talk to her about the way she'd been showing herself off, and, about her incestuous story. Plus, I was going to find out if she really wanted to live any of this out, and if she said she did -- I was going to offer to help her.
My first order of business was to make a copy of the files on her laptop, and having done that, I left her laptop just as I found it so she wouldn't initially suspect anything when she returned from her shopping trip. Next, I didn't bother to clean up my cum from her bedroom floor and I decided I was going to keep her panties. I even went further than that by looking through her clothes hamper and removing every piece of lingerie that was in there. I'm glad I looked in her hamper, too, because there was a pair of tiny white panties that were absolutely caked with her dried pussy juice and I knew they would bring me many long hours of masturbatory pleasure.
When Bonnie got home from her shopping trip, I was just about done making dinner. She told me all about her trip to the mall and how she ran into a friend of hers there. She told me what she bought and I paid attention to everything she said, even asking questions so she would know I was interested in what she bought. Excitedly, she offered to model all her new clothes for me after dinner. This would be a perfect time to put my plan into action, I thought, and all the way through dinner, she chatted endlessly about this and that while I listened.
When dinner was over, I asked her if she'd clean the kitchen while I took a shower, and then, I'd like her to show me everything she brought home from the mall. As I suspected she would, she immediately agreed and I went to take my shower, chuckling to myself knowing full well what I was going to put her through.
After my shower, I threw on a pair of silk boxer shorts and my old UCLA T-shirt. The thing about these silk boxers is that they don't have a snap or a button on the fly, and I expected they wouldn't provide much coverage if I got a hard-on, and that's the exact look I wanted. She was going to find out tonight what happens when you tease your father.
I called out to her from my bedroom to tell her I was ready. "Want me to bring all my bags in there?" She called back to me.
"No," I replied, "let's do it in the living room." I didn't want her first lesson to be in either of our bedrooms. There was going to be plenty of time for that later. I wanted her first lesson to be in the living room where her humiliation might be heightened just because it was a common room inside the apartment and there was no door - and no place to hide.
She was already there, sitting on the couch, when I made my way into the living room. I could feel my cock wag back and forth inside those silk boxers as I walked, and looking down, the outline of my cock head could easily be seen against the clingy material. This was just the effect I was looking for, and when Bonnie turned and looked at me, I saw her eyes go right to my crotch. There was no mistaking the fact that she could see the outline of my cock swaying loose inside my boxers. The expression on her face was priceless, but, she didn't say anything as I walked in front of her and sat down in my easy chair next to the couch she was on.
"Okay," I said, as I sat down, "let's see what you've got there, Sweetheart."
It took Bonnie a few seconds to snap out of the stupor she was in from seeing me so casually clad, but then she grabbed one of her bags and dumped it out on the couch. She held up some t-shirts and some shorts, a pair of jeans and some other things. I watched politely as one by one she dumped out the rest of the bags and held up all those things, too. When she was done, I told her all of it looked nice and I was sure it would all look good on her.
"So, you didn't get any lingerie?" I asked.
"Yeah," she replied, "I did, but I left all that in my room. You're probably not interested in seeing it."
Time to put my plan into action.
"Oh, sure I do!" I answered, enthusiastically. "Why don't you leave those things on the couch and go get your new lingerie." Bonnie looked at me for a second, and then said she guessed it would be okay. I could see by the look on her face she was a bit perplexed over my interest in her lingerie, but, I expected that. My plan was going perfectly so far.
Bonnie returned with a sack containing several lingerie items, and when she dumped it on the couch, she started to separate the bras and panties into piles with the rest of her new things. Most of the lingerie she bought were bra and panty sets, and once she laid everything out, I pointed to one of the sets and asked her to hand it to me. Bonnie's eyes got big and she look confused, but, she hesitantly picked the set up I pointed to and handed it to me.
She was fidgeting nervously as I first examined the bra. "Did you try this bra on?" I asked.
"Uh huh," she replied, "it fit okay. It's my size."
I held the bra up in front of me and made it obvious I was looking inside the cups of the bra. Then, I ran both my hands inside the cups, pausing for a moment to feel the spot where her teenage nipples probably touched. Looking up at her as I fingered her bra, I remarked, "Hmm, nice and soft. Did it feel good on you?" I asked.
Bonnie's expression went to complete shock. I could see the conflict in her eyes as she debated on how to answer my question, but, I didn't wait for her to say anything. Instead, I looked at the bra strap and tilted my head to look at the tag. "34-B" I read out loud. "I would have sworn you were fuller than that -- maybe a C cup."
"Daddy!" Bonnie exclaimed as she blushed slightly.
"Well, I may be your Father, but, I'm still a man and I notice things, you know." I said in response.
Then, I held the matching panties up and looked at them. They were very light and had a sexy, silky feeling with a tiny bow at the very front. "Hmm, very sexy." I said. Then, I held the panties in my hand and made a clear move to peek inside at the crotch panel of her new panties. "I'm glad you buy panties with a cotton crotch, Sweetheart."
When I looked over at her, she was sitting there with the 'deer-in-the-headlight' look. Obviously surprised at the way I fingered her bra and inspected the crotch of her new panties, she was speechless.
"Here," I said, as I handed the set back to her, "try them on so I can see how they look on you."
Now, the way I figured it, this was just about the time when I expected her to either jump up and eagerly strip for me, or try to act modest and put me in my place. I was ready for any response, though. And when she just sat there and looked at me, I followed up with, "Come on, Sweetheart, I want to see how they look on you. Lately, I've seen you in a lot less, so there's no reason to be bashful now."
"Uh, well," she sighed, and then reluctantly added, "okay, I guess." She stood up and started to walk out of the room.
"Bonnie." I called out, getting her attention. "Where are you going?"
"To my room to put these on, Dad! Jeez." She answered, sarcastically, waving the bra and panty set at me.
"You don't need to do that." I replied. "There's no reason you can't just change into them right here."
"Here?" She asked. "In front of you?"
"Sure," I replied, "why not?"
"But, uh," she paused, "Daddy, you might see me naked!"
"And what's wrong with that?" I answered. "After all, I am your father." Then, with a firmer tone to my voice, I added, "Come over here, Bonnie. You can change right here."
Bonnie looked at me for a few seconds, almost not believing what she heard me say. I pointed to a spot, right in front of my easy chair. "Bonnie!" I raised my voice slightly to get her attention. "Come over here! Stand right here. I want to see you model your new lingerie for me."
I could see my daughter was in denial of what she heard me say. I'm sure she was wondering why I was doing this, but, sensing I was serious, she took one hesitant step toward me, and then another until she was standing exactly where I pointed. To my amazement, and without looking at me, she reached down and pulled her t-shirt over her head and held it in front of her chest.
"Drop the shirt, Sweetheart." I said in a calm, loving voice. Still without looking at me, she dropped her shirt next to her feet, crossed her arms in front of her chest and just stood there. "Hands to your side, please." I then said.
"Bonnie, look at me." I said in my firm voice.
When she raised her head to look at me, there was a look in her eyes which I'd never seen before from my daughter. It wasn't fear and it wasn't anger. Actually, it was the look of obedience and anticipation, and before I could say anything else, she reached up between her bra cups to undo the clasp.
"Stop." I said. "Just put your hands down to your sides and listen to me for a few minutes."
This was going a lot easier than I expected. Not only did she obey my request to remove her shirt, but, without even asking, she was about to remove her bra and show her teenage breasts and nipples to me. But, that could wait for a few minutes, because there were some things I needed to say to her first and I knew if I didn't say them now, she'd never understand why I was acting this way.
"Bonnie," I began, "you're eighteen years old so you're an adult now and I'm going to talk to you as an adult. I would appreciate it if you would show me some respect by acting like an adult in return. Can you do that?" I asked.
"Dad, you're being weird and it's starting to scare me." She answered. "Why are you acting like this?" She asked.
I held my hand up and calmly said "Quiet, please." Then after a moment, I said, "I'll answer all your questions in a moment, but, right now I just want a 'Yes' or 'No' answer from you. I said I was going to treat you like an adult and I asked you to treat me with respect and act like an adult in return. Can you do that, or not?" I asked sternly.
Bonnie lowered her head to look at her feet and then she nodded her head up and down as if to say 'Yes'.
"I'll take that as a 'Yes' answer, but, part of showing me respect is looking at me and answering my questions."
She raised her head and looked me in the eyes. "Yes, Daddy, I'll show you respect and act like an adult."
"Thank you." I said, praising her. "Now, Bonnie," I explained, "I'm quite upset with you right now. I'm going to take my time and explain why I'm upset and hopefully we can discuss this openly and honestly, the way adults discuss things. I'm not going to talk to you like a child, Sweetheart. But, if I have to do that, it will only be worse for you. Do I make myself clear?"
"Yes, Daddy." She answered, not failing to look at me when she answered.
"Good." I replied. "Now, first off, I want you to listen to what I have to say. If you don't pay attention, I'll double the punishment you're already going to get. So, if I were you, I'd pay attention because I'm not kidding."
I wanted to let that sink in for a minute before I continued, so I paused and looked at her. I knew her mind was spinning trying to figure out why I was mad at her and what kind of punishment I'd already decided on.
After a short pause, I continued, saying, "Sweetheart, you know I love you. Regardless of what happened between your mother and I, I've always loved you and I always will. But, you've been bad, and as an adult, it's time for you to face the consequences of your actions."
"For months now," I said, "you've been parading around in front of me barely dressed, in your panties, or, letting me see your body almost naked. You leave the door open in your bedroom when you're dressing and undressing, and you leave the bathroom door open when you're in the bath or in the shower. You walk around in your thin little T-shirts with no bra on - jiggling your boobs, and poking your nipples out at me. I've seen you in your panties more than I ever saw your mother in her panties in nearly twenty years of marriage."
I let that sink in for a few seconds and then I continued.
"I feel you're doing this on purpose, Bonnie, just to tease me and get me turned on. Well, I hope you're happy, because it worked. Thanks to you, I go to bed every night with a painful erection after you've teased me all day and got me thinking about how cute you are, and how much I'd love to touch you and do 'things' to you. And, I mean nasty things, Bonnie. Things a father shouldn't ever think about with his daughter."
I had her attention now, I could tell. Her eyes were locked on my face like a laser beam and she was collecting my words as I said them and processing them one by one in her head.
"Now," I added, after I paused for few more seconds, "don't even think about making up some lame excuse for your behavior, like 'Oh, we're all family' or 'but, you're my daddy.' That's all a crock of shit. You knew damn well what you were doing and you knew it would turn me on. You know I haven't been dating -- that I don't have a girlfriend and no one to have sex with. But you continued to tease me and taunt me, showing off your body and exciting me day after day. Bonnie, that was mean of you to do. I'm a man and I have male urges. Even if you are my daughter, when I see you showing off and exhibiting yourself like you've been doing, it makes me want to have you in a sexual way. I think you're old enough to know what that means."
She started to say something, but I immediately held my hand up and raised my eyebrows. When she became quiet again, I said, "I couldn't figure out why you were being so cruel to me. That is, until today when I found your laptop powered on and stumbled across all those pictures and stories in your "Private" folder.
You should have seen Bonne's eyes open up when she heard I found the pictures and the stories on her laptop. I'm sure that between my long, drawn out speech about the way she was exposing herself and telling her I'd been snooping in her erotic stories, she had to be putting the pieces of the puzzle together in her head by now. So, I paused for another minute, just to let some panic set in, and then I continued on with my little tirade.
"I read through some of those stories saved in that folder, Bonnie, and from the looks of things, they all have something to do with exhibitionism, incest, submission, bondage, spanking and humiliation." I said. "Bonnie, you're an adult now. I surely understand that all of us have fantasies and sexual desires. And, I don't want you to think I'm mad at you for having those fantasies and desires, because I'm not. Even your mother and I have those kinds of thoughts, so I'm not mad at you for that."
"What I am mad about, though," I said quite firmly, "is that you teased me in order to satisfy your own sexual needs. You used me to live out your exhibitionist fantasies. Day after day you did that -- used me to generate your own pleasure - and I got nothing in return except frustration. So, for that my dear daughter, you're going to be punished tonight, and regardless of what ever else happens, you're going to find yourself over my lap and you're going to get you're cute little bottom warmed by my hand. And, Bonnie, I do mean on your bare bottom."
To be continued...