For the past 36 years Samantha was a mother for her three children, then when the kids were all in school and having gotten her teaching certificate she started working in the school system as an art teacher until all her children were out of college, but her passion was to be a sculptor was left untapped.
During the evening meal she was sharing with her husband Marc who has just been promoted to VP of the company that he has worked for since he graduated from college where they met. He told Samantha that with the raise he was getting she would finally be able to go back to her first love sculpturing.
The next day an ecstatic Samantha turned in her resignation as a teacher finishing up at the end of the school term. During her final few months of school she started looking at the work of sculptors in the area and decided on approaching a little known artist Sir William Reuters after she saw his works in a gallery in a large museum in a large city in the Northeast, the busts where all of women and all of them had brightly colored fabrics draped over them. She was surprised that his studio was in a small town right next to her hometown only about 20 minutes from her although you could find his works on the internet there was no pictures of him on his site.
Samantha called him at his studio that following Monday after she saw his exhibit. William answered that phone talking with an English Accent. She told him that she was looking for a mentor to work with so that she could learn the finer points sculpture.
William told her that he did teach one day a week at the state university and he really wasn't interested in doing any mentoring at this time. Samantha being of a persuasive nature sometimes talked Sir William into at least meeting with her the following day in a café that mostly catered to artist types and she will buy him lunch. He reluctantly agreed after the woman mentioned a free meal.
After her husband went to work Samantha cleaned the house then got ready for her 1 PM appointment at the café to meet Sir William as she was asked to call him. He told her to wear a red dress or skirt, so he can recognize her she also gave him a brief description of herself. She got there about 15 minutes early, but did not know how to find him. It was getting toward the 1 o'clock hour that they were to meet, but she still did not see anyone that looked like a sculptor come in.
The only person that came in was a young man probably just out of college with a beret on his head he had thick glasses and was probably about 5'5" tall. He sat there looking at Samantha for about 20 minutes their eyes kept on meeting, but he did not come over. Just as she got up ready to leave he came over her way and looked up at her as she is 5'8" with a slim body and small but nice breasts. Are you Samantha he asked in an English accent? She knew right away this young man who was probably younger than her youngest son was the sculptor she was waiting for.
He sat with her and started talking with her asking questions as to her marital status, how many kids she had and how long she has been married. Samantha did not think she was very pretty being taller than most of her friends and her hair was a mousy brown that she did not dye, so at the age of 58 she had gray intermingled with the brown. She was mesmerized by Sir William's accent and also the way he looked at her gave her goose bumps. She said that they should order lunch and while they were waiting for the food they talked about many things. When their order came they eat in relative silence, but she felt as is Sir William was undressing her with his eyes.
After their waiter removed their dishes and about an hour of discussing many very private things that this 58 year old very modest woman revealed to him he abruptly got up and said he will think about whether he wanted an apprentice working with him or not.
Walking out without even saying good bye he was just looking at his cell phone and texting on it as he left. Shocked she paid the tab, got up and left she got into her car feeling that she had wet herself she lifted her red dress in the front exposing her panties they were soaked through with her excitement she did not want to have to explain a spot in the cloth seat of her car, so she removed her panties and wiped her vaginal area with them then Samantha put the used panties on the floor of the back seat.
When Samantha got home she removed her panties from the back seat and threw them in the dirty clothes basket. She was so excited talking with Sir William, but she figured that she will continue looking for someone to mentor her as he did not give any indication that he was interested in her proposition. He did take her phone number when they first met though, so hopefully that is a good sign
She did not put on any panties the rest of the day she left on her red dress and when her husband came home she attacked him as he came in the door from the garage into the kitchen. Samantha wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a very wet kiss, then worked her way down to his belt on his pants, popped the button, pulled down the zipper to his slacks. They were at his ankles before he could protest and she was giving him the best blow job he ever had.
Good thing the counter was near or he would have fell on the floor when he came his legs were so weak. While he was recuperating from his orgasm Samantha jumped up on the island counter in front of him and spread her legs. Her husband was surprised she wasn't wearing any panties and asked her why? She blushed and said that she was feeling very horny today using a word she rarely used if ever. Not being able to recharge his batteries, her husband got down between her legs and gave her one of the most powerful orgasms she ever received orally.
It was a few hours later that Marc recuperated enough to take his wife on the couch in front of the TV. They were cuddling watching a movie on Lifetime that made them want to have sex. They really enjoyed having sex in a room other than the bedroom they both agreed.
Samantha was trying to find a sculptor in the area with no luck, and then about 3 weeks after school let out Sir William called her and told her that he would give her a six month trial period to see if he would want to have her as his apprentice. She was very excited about this and told her husband Marc when he got home that she would be starting on Monday of the following week it was now Wednesday.
The time seemed to drag by for Samantha she could not wait to get started with Sir William as her mentor. She figured that she would invite him over to meet her husband Marc and have dinner with them sometime soon after she started working with him.
It was finally Monday and Samantha left to meet Sir William at the same time her husband left the house for work for her 20 minute drive to the studio. She walked in about 5 minutes after the time that Sir William had wanted her there he explained to her that if he was going to be her mentor then she would have to be more punctual or the deal would be off. This stunned Samantha as she was not getting paid to work with him, he was as young as her youngest son and older woman stated that to him in no uncertain terms.
He looked at her telling her have her own way then, she smiled thinking that she set him straight, but that did not last long as he told her that he did not need her attitude he told her to go home until she decided that she was going to do things his way. She tried to apologize for being late, but he just said for her to leave and come back tomorrow at the appointed time.
She left down hearted having never been talked to like that before by someone so young. When her husband came home she told him what happened he said to forget about him you can find someone else to help you, but she could not there was something about him that had her attracted to him.
The following morning she left before her husband to make sure she would be on time. Her husband was not too happy about her going to the studio with this annoying artist, but once she makes her mind up she moves ahead. Samantha got to the studio she walked through the door at 5 minutes of 8. Sir William smiled at her and said that is better, then gave her some work to start on for him. It was cleaning the studio as it was a real mess he told her that her primary job was to keep the place clean and then to watch him work for the next month or so until he thinks that she is ready to start working on a bust of her own.
While cleaning she realized that all the sculptors he does are of nude women some of them had their private parts accentuated. She saw a lot of the busts that were at the show that were draped in cloth now she knows why. Being so modest she could not imagine herself modeling in this way.
Over the next month she was cleaning the studio and slowly over the weeks she was given some projects to sculpture no nudes but some horses to do and clothed busts of men and women. He complimented her on her work.
The following month he gave her a picture of a nude man and told her that she was to do a bust of that out of clay. She was very embarrassed when she got to his sexual equipment, but after while she was becoming used to working on this bust even though she was carving out his sexual equipment she reasoned it was only clay in reality. She noticed though that Sir William was paying more attention to her work. Samantha figured it was because he wanted to critique her work.
It was getting toward the 6 month mark and Sir William complimented her on her rapid growth in getting the technic of sculpturing. Samantha was in heaven she was complimented for the very first time by her mentor. She was running around a foot off the floor cleaning everything while she took a break after lunch from the bust she was doing when a man about 60 years old came in and Sir William took him in his office. They were there for about 30 minutes then they came out. She looked at the man and thought that she knew him Sir William introduced him, then she knew where she saw him before he is an actor on television and in the movies.
The Actor shook her hand and she asked for his autograph she ran to her pocket book and took out her note book she keeps phone number in. That actor wrote his name and gave it back to her asking if she would want a photograph of him autographed she enthusiastically said yes. He pulled out is cell phone and had her type in her address while doing this she looked up at him blushing as he was looking her up and down.
After she gave him the phone back the Actor asked her if she would want to be a model for a bust that he would be commissioning Sir William to do, without thinking she said she would. The Actor looked at Sir William and said would it be ok with him if Samantha is the model? I would have it no other way and besides I rather give her the 20,000 dollar modeling fee as anyone else she is doing a great job here.
Samantha's knees were shaking this actor wants her to model for a bust she was over the top so happy that she talked Sir William into having her as his minion, that is until the Actor looked at her stating the only thing left then is we need to see if you will be what I am looking for in a model. She told both of them that she could sit still for as long as needed so that Sir William can capture her likeness on a sculpture.
That is all well and good Samantha said the Actor, but look around at all the busts here what do they all have in common? You want me nude! She stated shocked that she did not realize this before she said yes. Both said in unison yes we do as we need to see if you will be acceptable as a model. She told them very embarrassed that she is very flat only a little breast with big nipples. Sir William looked at her says do you want to continue here? Not having any way out she went into the rest room took off her blouse and then her slacks folded each to try to waste time and maybe they will decide that they wanted someone else, but knowing that she will be nude in front of these two men in a few minutes. She took the straps down and then turned her bra to the front to unsnap it. Folding it and putting it under her top. She hooked her thumbs on each side of her panties removing her last vestige of modesty she found that they were completely soaked through and she had to wipe herself to stop her excitement from running down her legs. She was blushing from the top of her head to her knees when she walked out with her hands clasped in front of her mousy brown bush that was very vast between her legs.
The Actor looked at her and smiled, you are absolutely beautiful he said. She had an orgasm right in front of them and her excitement was running down between her legs onto the floor. Both men went over to her to comfort her as she started to cry she was so humiliated. It is OK they said you look beautiful, just what I was looking for in a woman and they helped her to the posing couch and had her recline, then they spread her legs to inspect her pubic area, both men were touching her pussy, opening her and sliding their fingers in her. She had another orgasm and they kept massaging her pussy the area that only her husband has seen or touched in 36 years.
They let her rest on the couch both men were looking at her while they quietly were talking among themselves looking at her exposed form from time to time smiling at her. She was very calm laying there on the posing couch with her legs spread while they kept looking at her. She knew she should at the very least close her legs, but she was excited that these two men thought she was attractive. Her husband has not paid much attention to her for many years presently, with one exception the first time she met Sir William for the first time, but she just realized it today how wonderful it was to be a woman that was sought after. Samantha finally got up and started toward that restroom to get dressed.
Both asked her where she was going, she told them she was going to get dressed; they asked that she remain nude as she was so beautiful nude. She blushed turned and came to them where they were standing. Both men put their arms around her and continued talking expressing how stunning she was and started to massage her back. She was in heaven no man have paid this much attention to her in a long time and to have two men one being an actor rubbing her back. They both grabbed her hands and had her sit on the posing couch between them. One of the men continued rubbing her back the other started to massage her legs. She opened her legs so that he had better access to her inner thigh he was going higher in between her legs brushing her pubic hair and a few times brushing her pussy lips. Samantha was becoming more excited with two men massaging her body. She has never had 2 men giving her this much attention and she was loving it
Her massage was progressing to the point that her breast and her pubic area were being massaged. She had 4 more orgasms before they were done with her. The actor got up and said he had to go Samantha followed Sir William and the actor to the door of the studio and stood in the doorway nude talking with them. The actor gave her a full body hug and ran his hand between her legs, which she opened for easy access to her most private parts. Gave her breast a tweak and kissed her on the cheek all in front of the opened door.
Samantha went back to working around the studio cleaning up then went back to her bust to work on that. Sir William came over to her looking at her sculpture telling her he is very proud of her work. She was excited and turned and hugged him. He said it is time to leave she started for the door but he stopped her and told her she should probably put on her clothes before she went outside. Samantha turned red with embarrassment she was working for the last 3 hours completely nude and she did not even notice it. She was totally comfortable being nude in front of Sir William a man young enough to be her son.
That night Sam told her husband that she met an actor and showed him the autographed picture he was very impressed, but Sam did not tell him that she would be modeling for a bust that the actor wanted made and she would be getting a 20,000 dollar modeling fee. She convinced herself that she wanted to surprise her husband.
The following day Samantha went to the studio and Sir William told her that he would be starting the commissioned work for the Actor sometimes during the day and he wanted Sam to be nude from now until the commissioned work was complete. With no hesitation what so ever Sam removed her clothes and started to work in the studio nude.
It was just after lunch that Sir William had Sam sit on the posing couch with her legs spread opening herself so that the pink if her labia was showing. Sir William was in awe of this beautiful older woman her womanhood dripping her excitement. She did not even move when someone she didn't know came into the studio. He was the Actors PR man and he did an interview with Sir William about the commissioned piece he was doing all the while Sam was spread on the posing couch.
The work for the actor took a month each day Sam came to the studio at 8 AM removed all her clothes and posed as Sir William directed her. When she was not needed for the bust she went about her duties in the studio while staying nude. She cleaned the studio, and worked on the busts that Sir William directed her to.
Samantha did not even put any clothes on when there were guests at the studio and after the commissioned work was finished Sir William gave her a check for twenty thousand dollars along with a three thousand dollar bonus from the actor. She did not tell her husband about the money she made she put it in an account with her children's name on it to give to them when they got married as a wedding present. She also did not tell her husband that she was nude at the studio.
The following Monday Samantha went to the studio at 8 AM and started to remove her clothes. Sir William told her that she did not have to do that as the work was done. She looked at him smiled and told him that she could keep her clothes cleaner and take a shower before she left for home if he did not mind her being nude.
Sir William on his part was glad that this older mature woman had enough courage to work in the nude. He had more commissioned works that he did. Samantha made more money modeling
Marc was happy that his mature wife was also a sexy wife and was very attentive to his needs. The took many vacations to places that Samantha could be nude. They both were very glad that they married. Samantha never told Marc that she worked nude for Sir William, but he found out when he saw the bust of her in an art magazine he received, because he wanted to be a part of her passion.
This was a work of fiction.