I stepped out of the shower and began to towel off. I heard the muffled rumble of a motorcycle get louder outside, then abruptly shut off. Tony appeared in the bathroom doorway. "Most of the guys have arrived. Are you sure you want to go through with this?"
"Well sure. You said this is your greatest fantasy, didn't you?"
"It sure is!"
"Well, we all deserve a shot at making fantasies come true. I just hope it will be everything you've dreamed."
He reached toward me and slid one hand over my breast. He pinched the nipple and rolled it between his thumb and finger. I have very sensitive tits and adore having them fondled and teased. He knew just what to do to get me in the mood. "Having you as my wife is already everything I've dreamed," he said.
"Well," I replied with a coy smile, "how can I possibly say no to a guy who tells me I'm his dream girl?"
"Okay," he said, "if you're really all in, here's your outfit." He set a small gift bag filled on the vanity and left. I recognized that it was from the lingerie store at the mall; Tony encouraged me to shop there often and made a habit of buying me sexy little gifts from there. I reached down into the tissue paper inside and could tell there wasn't much else in there. How extreme was this going to be? I pulled out a tank top—a small, very cropped tank top. Was that all? No, wait. There was also a tiny, bright orange micro-bikini bottom. Actually, "bikini" was an overstatement. It was hardly even a g-string—one ridiculously narrow wedge of lycra fabric with some elastic sewn to it.
I arranged the tangle of strings so I could step through them properly and pulled it up over my hips. The tiny elastic straps were incredibly stretchy—it felt like I was wearing nothing at all. I reached in back and pulled the thong up between my ass cheeks. I liked the sensation; just putting on a thong has always felt rather arousing to me. I then attempted to position the scrap of fabric in the front so that it covered my bare pussy. Even stretched as wide as the fabric would go, it barely covered my mound. "He's got to be kidding me," I muttered. "Good thing its all shaved." That wasn't completely correct. I have a little, trimmed "landing strip" above my pussy that was plainly visible above the top of the fabric. I had to admit that it looked incredibly sexy, but the fact that my little strip of pubic hair was hopelessly uncovered just highlighted how low cut the tiny thong was compared to normal underwear; it made me feel even more exposed.
At least I had a shirt to put on, even though I already knew it would be nowhere near long enough to cover the tiny bottom he'd bought for me. I took it out of the bag and pulled it on. It was the same vibrant shade of orange as the tiny thong. The neckline and arm holes were generously cut, and the hem only came down to about my diaphragm, maybe two inches below my breasts. The fit was loose, so that my tits forced the bottom half of it to hang out away from my torso. I am fortunate to have tits that look perky enough that I can go without a bra. They aren't absolute monsters—right in-between a B and C cup (which complicates bra shopping, but that's another story)—but they are firm, round and slightly pointed, just the way guys like 'em. Well, at least all the guys I've been with seemed to be impressed with them.
I examined myself in the mirror. My nipples were obvious under the thin cotton shirt. I liked the way that looked, and decided I needed to go braless much more often. I twisted around slightly and tried to see my ass in the mirror. I was glad I'd started sunbathing nude in the back yard; I still had some tan lines, but my ass wasn't snow-white, either. Besides, I thought, tan lines will remind Tony's buddies how much extra I was showing compared to my swimsuit.
Oh my god, I thought. I am going to be damn near nude around Tony's friends. They'd all seen me in my bikini, but this was different. Not only was I showing a hell of a lot more skin, but unlike our our summer road trips to the lake, their wives and girlfriends wouldn't be here to divert their attention, or stop them from staring. "You are going to make those boys so horny," I said to myself in disbelief. Looking in the mirror, I was making myself horny.
As I walked to the bedroom in my bare feet, I decided that my usual sandals would not do the outfit justice. It needed something more. I dug through the pile of shoes on the floor of the closet and found a pair of black, backless stilettos with 4" heels. "Perfect!" I said.
I started down the stairs, sashaying my hips as my high heels descended from step to step. I stopped Tony in his tracks.
"Like what you see, Sailor?"
"Damn, girl," he muttered, slack-jawed.
About halfway down the stairs, I felt the g-string shift. One of my pussy lips slipped out from behind the tiny patch of cloth. Once on the ground floor, I examined my cunt. The whole right side was exposed. I have prominent labia, and it was pretty obvious. Tony stared as I pulled the tiny wedge or orange lycra back into place. "This is just too damn small, Honey."
"Hell no," he replied. "It's perfect!"
"It won't even stay so that it covers my whole cunt."
"That's what I was hoping. That's what makes it so fuckin' hot!"
I followed Tony as he headed toward the door to the garage. With every step I could feel how perilously close my pussy lips were to popping out again. Oh, man, was I in for a wild ride.
"Ready?" Tony asked, his hand on the doorknob. I nodded silently, too anxious to reply. He opened the door and ushered me out into the garage. As I stepped down the two steps between the first-floor level of the house and the garage floor, that tiny panty slipped again (damn, already?) and I felt one edge of the tight, stretchy fabric drop into my sensitive cleft. It was rather arousing.
A few of Tony's buddies were checking out the '69 Camaro that Tony was currently working on in the garage. The garage door was open and I could see more of his friends outside, milling around the various bikes that filled the driveway. One by one, heads turned as Tony's buddies noticed my nearly naked body. "Hi, boys," I said, trying to sound sultry. Even though they all knew me, none of the guys replied. I guess they just didn't know what to say, what to make of it. Tony headed out into the driveway to greet the new arrivals.
I was feeling somewhat awkward, like I was a table centerpiece. Finally Mitch, Tony's best friend, spoke up. "Donna, I don't know if it's okay to say this, but you look sexy as fuck..." I turned around to face him. "That is, if you don't mind me saying," he added sheepishly.
"If I didn't want you to notice my tits," I said, "I would have worn a different top. Or at least a bra." I grinned widely, but Mitch just stared at me, dumbfounded. "...and if I didn't want you to see my pussy, I wouldn't be wearing this." I pointed both index fingers at my crotch and looked down, then responded with mock surprise that one cunt lip had slipped out again. "Whoops!" I said as I nonchalantly reached down and pulled the tiny bikini panty back over my cunt, then adjusted the stretchy elastic side strings over each hip.
Mitch came over close to me. "Is Tony okay with this?" he asked in a low voice.
I almost told him it was all Tony's idea, but I decided it was more arousing for him to think I had chosen the outfit on my own. "Well, he's right over there. Do you think he'd let me stand here like this if he wasn't?"
"I've always thought you were hot, but—"
"Well, I guess I'm feeling a little hotter than usual, today." I gave him a sexy, coy little smirk and stared directly in his eyes for a moment, then stepped past him, then wiggled my butt tempingly. I didn't look back to see his reaction. I couldn't help but smile at my dramatic little exit, but now I wasn't sure what to do, so I kept walking towards the open garage door. Our property is pretty large, with plenty of trees to block the neighbor's view of our driveway, so I decided it was safe to venture out into the sun.
Halfway down the driveway, about 30 yards or so from the house, one of the guys was taking pictures of Danny's bike. Every time he showed up on his vintage Norton, the guys went crazy for it. I decided to find out if I could get them to go crazier for me than the bike. My heels clicked loudly on the concrete, advertising my unabashed little floorshow. I could feel all the guys' eyes follow me as walked. I put just enough strut into my walk to make my braless tits bounce tantalizingly under the thin crop top. "Want a picture of me with it?" I asked the photographer as I approached. The cameraman wasted no time clicking shots of me as I stood next to the bike and posed.
"Show your tits," somebody said. I hesitated just a moment and stole a reassuring glance at Tony before dutifully pulling my top up to display my mounds. For added effect, I pinched and flicked my nipples a few times to stiffen them. Suddenly more cameras and cell phones appeared, snapping pictures of me constantly.
I let my top drop down over my tits again and asked, "Can I get on it?" Not waiting for an answer, I grabbed the handlebars and swung one leg over the gleaming black and chrome bike. As I did, I felt one pussy lip slide out from behind my panty yet again. Fuck it, I thought; who cares? If my husband wants me to show off my cunt, I'm going to!
I stretched one leg out to the side and arched my back to accentuate my tits. Click, click, click. I was really getting into it now and my pussy was starting to feel a little moist. Next, put my feet on the pegs and and crouched down behind the handlebars, like a racer. Then I raised my ass off the seat and stuck my bare bottom in the air. Click, click, click. Finally, I laid back on the seat and stretched completely out on my back with my arms over my head. I made sure the short tank top rode up enough to expose my nipples.
The original photographer came up close and boldly started taking close-ups of my crotch, zooming in on my glistening, half-exposed pussy. "Get off the bike and bend over!" somebody suggested. "Stick your fingers in it!" yelled another. I was really turned on, but I realized that both my inhibitions and my control over the situation in general were eroding rapidly. Just then, I noticed a car roll slowly past on the street for the second time. Gawking strangers we definitely didn't need. It was clearly time to head back to the garage.
"Nope, that's it for now, boys." I said, sitting up and pulling my shirt back down to cover my tits. I stepped off the bike and re-arranged my g-string the best that I could. "Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. There's still plenty of party left. For now, check out the bikes and get yourselves another beer."
I walked back up toward the house and approached Tony. "Did you expect me to take things that far?" I asked.
"I don't know what I expected," he replied.
"Well, how far do you want things to go?"
"I'm not sure I know that, either." A wide grin spread across his face. "But Honey, that was awesome. Fucking sexy as hell."
"Well, then, maybe things should get even sexier." I turned and walked into the garage and crossed to the fridge that Tony had installed next to the workbench. I could see that Mitch was still staring directly at me from across the garage. "Hey Mitch, you want a beer?"
"Ah, sure, yea," he stumbled.
As I pulled open the fridge, my torso twisted enough that I felt one edge of my little g-string slip again. Instead of making me want to cover it up, I hooked one finger under the other edge of the fabric and pulled the rest of the of fabric completely into the cleft of my pussy. I bent over over from the waist, keeping my legs straight, letting Mitch see my totally exposed pussy lips between my legs. The loose crop top fell away from my chest, giving Mitch an unobstructed upblouse view of my boobs as well. Hey, I know how to be a really good flirt when I want to be! I grabbed two beers and sashayed over to Mitch with a bottle in each hand. I slipped the necks of the bottles under my shirt and pressed the chilled glass against my nipples, hardening them nicely. Mitch was now looking down at his shoes. As I reached out to hand him a bottle, I whispered into his ear, "Figure it out, fella. It's okay to stare, Mitch. I want you to!"
We twisted off the caps and each took a slug of beer. Mitch's eyes were now roaming freely over every inch of my body. Good boy! I noticed the outline of his erect dick inside his jeans. I could tell three things from the way it was pressed against his leg: he was horny, he wasn't wearing underwear (well, maybe loose boxers), and his dick was an impressive size.
I lifted myself onto the hood of Tony's Camaro and spread my legs, then poured the rest of the beer down the front of me. Not only did I have Mitch staring at me, but everybody else inside the garage, too. My pussy was raging hot, begging to be touched. I laid back, spread my legs and pulled the g-string totally to one side of my cunt. I began rubbing the mouth of the longneck against my pussy. Before long, I slipped it between my pussy lips. The little drops of beer on it stung my pussy a little, but only for a moment. My juices were flowing now. I started fucking myself deeper and deeper with the empty beer bottle.
I decided to porn it up. "Oh, that feels so good! Ooooh!" I moaned and gasped and sighed. I pushed the bottle neck deep inside me, so the wider part of the bottle was starting to stretch my pussy lips. I clenched my teeth and grunted, "Fuck yea! Fuck yea! Oh yes! ...Fucking YES!" I might have been exaggerating my reaction, but it really did feel damn good, and acting like such a slut really was making me hornier and hornier.
There was now a press of guys all around the car. I felt dirty for putting my sexuality so totally, openly on display. I got so nervous about what I was doing that I felt my hands start to shake. I closed my eyes and concentrated instead on how liberating it was to indulge my erotic desires so publicly. It worked; soon I realized that I had nothing to hide. I suddenly felt totally unashamed and eager to cum, even. The idea of orgasming with two dozen guys staring at me was a much greater aphrodisiac than I could have ever imagined.
"Honey, go in the house and get my vibrator!" I shouted.
Tony had no sooner disappeared into the house than Mitch said, "Nah. Fuck that shit." He reached out and took the bottle out of my hand and handed it off to somebody. He slipped two fingers inside my cunt, then lowered his mouth to my cunt and touched his tongue to my button. "Fuck! Oh fuuuuck!" I yelled breathlessly. I was no longer acting.
He sucked and licked my clit while his fingers massaged my g-spot deep inside my hole. It was too much. I squealed and shuttered violently as a mind-blowing orgasm erupted within me.
A few moments later, Tony returned with my vibrator. "Too late," I said, still laying spread-eagle on the hood of his car. "Mitch just finished me off."
"Oh, I don't think so," Tony replied. He turned the vibrator on high, then touched it to my clit as he put another set of fingers inside my waiting tunnel. I can't usually cum a second time, but I didn't care, it still felt damn good. It felt magical to just lie there with my legs spread, exposing my wet pussy, sharing my lewdness with all of my husband's friends. However, something about being so brazen, so willingly on display, was firing me up again. I felt my passion rising again. I involuntarily gyrated my hips and writhed around on the car's hood, bucking and humping against the vibe's dancing shaft. After no more than a minute or two, I knew another orgasm was imminent. I grabbed Tony's hand and pressed the vibrator hard against my stiff button. "Ohhhhh!" I shouted as another orgasm thundered through my torso. Before I could relax, I felt it happening all over again. "Shit!" Even before that orgasm had fully subsided, my pussy began once more contracting rhythmically, violently, gloriously. I was now aching to be filled. I took the vibrator and plunged it deep within me and pushed it against the back wall of my pussy, as deep as it would go. I held it there for probably thirty seconds, laying still and just feeling the satisfaction of a fully packed pussy. When I began sliding it back and forth again, I knew what I wanted. I wanted a man inside me, not a plastic dildo. I wanted to feel real, hot cock flesh against my inner walls.
"I need to get fucked!" I exclaimed. "Right now! Somebody fuck me! C'mon, FUCK ME!"
Without hesitation or one spoken word, Mitch unzipped his jeans and pulled them down. He was commando, as I'd guessed, and his cock sprung out of his pants rock hard. He pulled me across the hood toward him and I giggled with anticipation as he rubbed the head of his dick between my sopping lips. He grabbed my hips and with one swift thrust, he was inside me. His shaft felt unbelievably good. He immediately began fucking me as hard and as deep as I've ever been fucked.
I was still feeling the afterglow of three rapid orgasms, so Mitch's vigorous pounding easily brought yet another moaning, cascading wave of pleasure through my body. I was in heaven.
Tony unzipped his jeans and pulled out his stiff cock. He grabbed it and started jacking off as he watched us fuck.
"Can I cum inside you?" Mitch asked, still fucking me wildly.
"I dunno." I looked over at my husband. "Can he, Hon?" I pleaded.
Tony was grinning from ear to ear. "Go for it, Buddy!"
Mitch started moaning. I could tell he was just about there. Suddenly, he stopped his thrusting and froze. A second later, he let out a guttural "uuuuhhhhhh..." I felt his cock jerk inside me as he began ejaculating deep within my pussy.
The physical sensation of feeling his dick spasm like that and the mental awareness that my husband's best friend was actually cumming inside of me combined to push me over the edge one more time. Another orgasm ignited all around my now hyper-sensitive pussy at once and radiated out to envelop my whole body. I grabbed my tits and arched my back as I came. The bodily demonstration of my ecstasy must have looked pretty good to Tony; I glanced over just in time to see his cock shoot jizz all over the fender of the car.
Mitch pulled out and began casually rubbing his dickhead around in the cum and vaginal fluid that was spilling out of my hole and dripping off my labia.
"Damn, you lucky bastard!" one of the other guys said, slapping Mitch on the back.
Tony and I made eye contact. "Am I still your dream girl, Honey?" I asked.
"More than ever, Baby" he smiled back at me, still happily massaging his cock. "Now more than ever."