Returning home after her weekend sabbatical Monica Gift sat in Ryan's car beside him. She needed to collect herself and make certain her bruises were concealed well. She had hoped to come home this early in the morning and find both parents already off to work. No such luck.
"Mom's home. Why couldn't it be Dad?" She looks haunted suddenly.
Ryan Quinones yawned at having to go out to the town of Anderson and retrieve her before daylight. She had already missed school Monday to get herself together. She needed to go back today or risk her parents finding out that she had skipped a day.
Ryan leered over at her drearily, "Can't hide from this. Just go in and get it over with."
Monica fidgets, "I know. It's not like she's going to start yelling at me. Dad told me she was alright with my staying at a friends. It's not like I do that ever. She wants me to have friends."
"I don't think your friend Lisa qualifies. She's what 25 years old and married?"
"Right. Which is why I texted "Lindsey" ahead of time and have her to cover for me if my Mom goes snooping. I just stayed with Lindsey as far as she knows."
"Smart I guess. Until your Mom wants to meet her."
"So, I just bring Lindsey by to say hi. I'll be fine." She convinces herself, "Okay! I'll be back in an hour to ride with you to school."
Monica vacates the beater mobile and carries her acquired bag of necessities toward her home. At the back entrance she unlocks the door and enters into a tiny mud room before the journey into the Kitchen. Her Mom was standing there sipping coffee.
"You're up early. It's barely dawn." Charlotte Gift smiled gently toward her daughter.
"I know. I had Ryan come pick me up so I could shower and change for school. Lindsey's parents are like you guys up and gone before the chickens wake up."
"Oh? What do her parents do?"
Monica smirks, "I don't really know. Barely met her Mom and Dad."
"Hmm! Why have I never heard of this Lindsey?"
"The same reason you don't know about Amber or Chey. You and I barely cross paths these days to talk really."
Charlotte nods her agreement to be disappointed at that realization, "That is true. I'm sorry Sweetheart."
Shrugging Monica starts to step away when Charlotte clears her throat to regain her daughters attention. Open arms awaited.
After a hesitant hug Monica pecks her Mom on the cheek and again begins to bail.
"Are you hiding a hicky with make up?" Charlotte sneers, halfway a grin.
"Can't hide much from you can I? Blame Ryan."
"Ryan? Next door Ryan? Since when are we dating the Neighbor?"
"Couple weeks now. I don't know why but I suddenly started liking the guy. Sorry I didn't fill you in on my life."
"I'm fine with Ryan. He's a nice boy. Good choice."
"Thanks Mom. I better get cleaned up and dressed. Long day. Test in Chemistry."
"One more thing before you go? I want to apologize for what I said over the phone to your Father and you the other day. It just sounded as if more was going on than any tickling and massage to your Father's neck."
"Again...EWWWW! Get real Mom. Dad loves you. I love you. So not going there."
Charlotte lowers her gaze, "You're right. I'm being silly. Forgive me?"
"Nothing to forgive. Just don't let that kind of insecurity push Daddy away. You know that couldn't have made him feel secure about your marriage. Just saying."
"Absolutely. I apologized as soon as I got home. Things are fine."
"Awesome. Can I shower now?"
"Go. Get squeaky clean." Her Mother waves her away.
Monica darted away expressing unseen eyes flaring wide at the reasons for lying. She had no choices outside of a dark truth that would destroy everyone involved.
Ducking into her bedroom she locked her door. She then undressed and raced into a hot steamy shower in her adjoined on suite. Once done she dried her hair and brushed her teeth. From that point on it was getting dressed, more makeup applied to shade her bruising. She wore a button down long sleeved shirt of black and put on a pair of white jeans. She felt safer wearing more even though it was going to be hot out. Already sweaty she groans and goes to her closet. There she finds a yellow sun dress which she packs into her book bag. She knew it would be nearly transparent but that didn't even bother her.
Hair long and flowing to help hide her bruises, she then got her tennis shoes on to leave.
Opening her bedroom door she nearly ran into her Mother.
"You're still home? Taking the day off?" Monica was taken by surprise.
Charlotte nodded, "I think so. I could use a day off. It has been ages."
"Wow! Lucky you."
"You could stay home with me."
"Sorry Mom, can't. Chemistry test remember?"
"Oh yes. Cannot miss that now can you. I love your hair today. It's so silky. Are we using a new shampoo and conditioner?"
Monica almost snorts thinking of the cum bath mere days ago that coated her scalp.
"Yep. Head and Shoulders." She giggles out loud then jumps into thought, "And Back and Chest. And, Belly and Ass."
"So cute. You better get going."
"Yea Ryan's probably waiting in his car. I love you Mom." She rapidly darts away.
Charlotte Gift observed her pace with questioning eyes. Something was certainly different about her daughter.
The day started off slow. Monica tried her best to behave. Eyes leered from all angles wondering why she wore so much. They hadn't seen her in pants in weeks. She merely blew kisses to keep them interested.
Even Mr. Morrison had to question her change in behavior. For that matter, all of her Teacher's did. Some thankful. Others saddened.
Toward lunch Monica was confronted by three of her Braless Brigade, "Chey, Amber, and Kendra".
"Spill it. What's wrong with you? At least you're not wearing a bra." Amber chided.
Monica swivels in step, "Hiding. Sorry. Hickies everywhere."
After a jaw dropping sway of Monica's hands pointing at her worst areas the trio of beauties broke.
"DO TELL!" Cheyenne bounced in step.
"Sure you girls can handle it?" Monica sticks her tongue out at them.
Kendra tries to catch Monica's tongue laughing by wagging her own tongue near her face. Monica surprises her and connects their tongues before a rash of giddiness.
Pulling them into a huddle Monica whispers, "Gangbang."
The huddle fell dead silent. Uncertain what to believe. Finally, after a round of glares between the girls Amber breaks the silence.
"Was it Hot?"
Chey quickly adds, "How many?"
Kendra was speechless, she merely awaited a high five.
"Very hot. And a lot." Monica winks and heads toward her locker. They followed her like lost puppies.
Bouncing in step Chey had to ask again, "How many?"
Monica remained mum as she unlocked her locker. A challenge suddenly made her freeze in step.
"I'll tell you guys as long as you don't think badly of me."
"NEVER!" Kendra burst forth. The other girls nodded in agreement.
Monica poises her eyes to look as if she was rolling them back into her head as she thought back to her night at Holly's bar. Calculating as best as she could remember she shivers at the final count.
"Okay. Keep in mind that when this happened I was a little busy to keep any exact body count. All I can tell you is it was under 30 guys. Maybe 27 or 28."
The trio of beauties look stunned by her revelation. Frozen in time they opt to look at each other for reactions. Finally, Amber chuckles, "That's it?"
The other two girls begin to smile at Monica. Kendra and Chey move in to hug Monica's arms.
"We want to hear all about it. Tell us." Chey bubbled.
Monica sighs and offers them a quick tour down memory lane. The group marveled at her adventure. Once finished Monica absorbed their mentality toward the extreme nature of that night. The girls were far more receptive than she predicted.
Cheyenne exhaled loudly with a giddy sigh, "I want to be just like you."
Laughing at Chey, Amber chided her friend with, "As if you're not a slut already."
"Takes one to know one." Chey retaliated playfully reaching out to try tickling her friend.
Monica had a brilliant idea all of a sudden.
"Are you girls up to a challenge? My braless beauties."
The three girls pucker, stare at each other then shrug.
Monica then reopens her locker to sift through her book bag. She unpacks the sundress she had brought along due to the heat. She had changed her mind about wearing it but kept it in reserve for another day.
Each of the girls eyes the nearly transparent material.
"Who wants to wear this dress first? I'll allow panties under it, but that's all."
Amber eyes it, "I don't think that would fit me. I'm probably 30 pounds heavier than you."
Kendra turns pale, She knew her size was closer to being compatible.
Cheyenne almost a perfect fit. The thrill entices her to bite her nail and bulge her big brown orbs out of intensity.
"I'll wear it. For how long?" Chey quivers.
Monica ponders the time. Lunch still had 25 minutes left.
"Wear it through lunch. You must go into the lunch room and let everyone see you in it."
"Teachers too?"
Monica nods with a stern expression, "Teachers too. If I can get away with it so can all of you. I hope."
The chuckles were sparse but evident.
People were all around them at this point. The hallway was filling by the second as the students left class.
Monica lifts the dress for Chey who examines the students watching Monica herself. The dress held up made them attentive and hopeful for a new show. As Monica observed the eyes all seeing she turns to Chey.
"Strip."
The young Black Latina Senior swallowed dryly trying to get up the courage. Her friends holding their breath to see if she could actually do it. In a bold move Chey drops her bag to the floor and wiggles her white shorts to the tile floor stepping out of them. In doing so the students took more interest. She stood there in her orange t-shirt and a black and red thong. She stared at everyone watching for a brief instant to realize they were encouraging her to go further.
"So crazy." Chey hisses before yanking her shirt up over her long raven curls. A moment later her soft voluptuous 36D's were jiggling for all to view. Nipples dark and deadly amid her creamy chocolate flesh.
Now wearing only the thong, socks, and shoes she decides to relish in the freedom. A quick adrenalin dance offered her fans a joyous mixture of nerves and success. Her friends admired her triumph.
Monica withholds the dress as Chey reaches for it.
"Not just yet. Hug your fans." Monica points toward some boys.
Eyes erupting Chey prances directly over to four boys and hugs each of them tightly. Her breasts crushing against their chests. Their hands rubbing her back and down to her thong.
Seeing her attentiveness more boys surrounded her and expected hugs. Uncertain she glares back at Monica.
"Rule number one...never let your fan base down."
Chey grits her teeth and continues hugging. Eleven boys in all. Two girls. This included her Latina friend Rosa who nearly died laughing at her sisterly friends bravado.
Monica looks at Rosa whom she hadn't ran into again since the day she talked friend Lindsey into teasing Toby.
"Hey Stranger. Don't laugh, you're next." Monica expresses coyly.
The Latina beauty flares her eyes and pinches her nipples, "At least I'm in on the braless part."
Cheyenne grabs Rosa from behind laughing, "If I can do it so can you."
Head shaking Rosa pries Chey away, "Another time maybe. I'm not that bold just yet."
"Holding you to that." Monica points as she hands Kendra the dress instead of Chey.
"Huh? What?" Kendra is taken by surprise.
"Why does Chey need to wear the dress now? Everyone's seen what they've dreamed of already. So, you wear the dress."
Before Kendra can react Monica spots Principal Janson at the far end of the hall. Swiftly Monica encourages the group of boys beside the tantalizing Cheyenne to huddle around her. Blocking her from being seen as Janson literally walked right by them. Chey nearly had a panic attack fanning herself with her hand. Mostly because the horde of boys had her back to the wall and were pawing her up the entire time. As Janson walked by them she found a boy sucking her nipple. It was difficult not to squeal.
As Janson vanished the huddle dispersed leaving Chey wide eyed and overheated.
"See how easy that was?" Monica chuckled.
Cheyenne looked at Rosa to her left, "Bitch! You are so doing this tomorrow."
"Who you calling Bitch? Bitch!" Rosa giggled, "We'll see. Let me get my nerve up."
Monica pointed at Rosa for commitment but there was only hesitance.
"How can you get nerve up? I saw you guys in Noble's class. Both of you were more naked than dressed. Chey had her thong down even. Heck, so did you Rosa. You were twerking for the class."
Both girls agreed even with a bashful glance toward each other. It was enough for Chey to shrug and ease her thong down to her ankles seductively. The guys around her offering a near silent "Whoa!" for her added performance. Stepping out of the thong Chey kicked it out blindly into her adoring fans. Whom caught it took her by surprise.
"Darius!" She choked up.
Monica noted his arrival. Smirking toward him she shied away from letting on that Darius had already fucked Monica herself in the Men's locker room a few weeks back.
Darius Howard was the Varsity Football teams Running back. Big man on campus so to speak.
"Daaaaaaaaaamn Chey. I wondered what you had hidden under those clothes. SWEET!" He ogled her closely while stepping near her space.
"Get a good look Darius. You probably won't see it again." She pretty much despised Darius. Having grown up near him and his brothers all of her life. They were assholes toward she and her sisters.
Monica intervenes sensing tension, "Slow down and breath." She plants a hand on Darius to keep him at bay.
Cheyenne glares at Darius and is tempted to get dressed when Monica turns her words toward the creamy Goddess.
"Ok, I know disgruntled when I see it. History doesn't have room right now. Get along. If you really want to be like me then you must not let things get to you. Darius? Treat her with respect. Chey treat him as if he's just another set of eyes wanting you."
Darius chuckles, "I do want her. Always have."
Chey narrows her eyes, "Couldn't tell. You always put me down. Ever since we were little."
Monica knows lunch time was ticking away fast. While they may have a sizeable gathering for concealment this tense atmosphere was going to break the blockade up.
"Darius? Tell her how you really feel. Overlook your past." Monica stresses.
He shrugs scratching the back of his neck trying to formulate the words.
"You know what it's like having older brothers who expect you to be just like them? I'm older now. They're not here. I might still be a dick but I'm also man enough to apologize for the past. I've liked you forever Chey. I just couldn't let on because of Clarence and Antoine. Chey? I'm sorry."
She shivers covering her breasts with her arms as Rosa snuggles close to support her friend.
"I kind of liked you too. Even though you were a prick." Chey sighs.
Monica lowers her hand from the chest of Darius to his belt buckle, "Want to prove how sincere you are Buddy?"
Darius eyes her fingers on his buckle, "Huh?"
"Drop those pants and join her. If you mean what you say then embarrass yourself. Don't let her feel as if she's alone."
His eyes bulge as he looks around him at the other guys. With only a moment to decide he hands his bag to a fellow teammate and jumps into unfastening his pants. Seconds later he lowers his jeans and boxers. Chey and Rosa glue their gaze on his erection.
"You're not alone!" He squints at Cheyenne with dedication.
Monica steps to Chey and Rosa, peeling Rosa away from her friend.
Cheyenne swallows dryly, "I can't believe you did that for me."
"I'll go further. I don't care if this costs my position on the team." He swiftly removes his Jersey to stand shirtless, pants to his knees.
Cheyenne Johnson whimpered with almost teary eyes at his gesture.
Monica smiles, "Come on guys. Hug already."
The two ease into each other, he feeling her nipples on his chest, she his erection probing her thighs. So close she had to bulge her eyes with a glint of "OMG!" toward Rosa and Monica.
Darius winks away from all the girls toward his buddies. They knew he was only playing along. At least he let on he was putting on an act. Was he though?
"Forgive me Chey? I really am sorry."
She sighs a warm exhale across his neckline, "You can treat me like crap around your brothers. But no other time. Or I'll kick your ass."
He hugs her tighter rubbing her spine from shoulders to lower back. She melds into him snugger feeling great comfort. Finally, his hands go lower to squeeze her ass. She feels his cock gently slithering amid her wet labia. Her eyes tremble.
"Darius?" She whispers.
"Yeah?" He softly replies.
She looks toward Monica for assurance, her heart pounding. Monica merely motions her to continue. So did Rosa biting her nail.
"Darius?" Again Chey whispers, "Show your friends you're the Man."
Instinct took over, literally lifting her by her ass up against the wall behind her. Her legs wrapped his torso.
Darius Howard fucked his age old rival.
He grunted hard.
She squealed and dug nails into his shoulders.
The gathering closed ranks as Lunch was ending.
Eyes from behind marveled at his balls slapping her inner thighs vividly. Juices trickling down to the tile below.
Suddenly, Darius slowed his pounding hips into a more sensual manner.
Cheyenne sighed heavily and expelled, "Oh Darius." over and over. His lips kissing her throat.
Monica scanned about the halls, even Teachers were circulating.
Principal Janson was looking their direction with interest. Monica noted a haunted glare on his expression. This led to her fluttering her fingers at him. He failed to wave back. Luckily the gauntlet disguised the sex partners from view. Still, Monica sensed that he knew.
Hearing a muffled snarl and a shrill whine the gathering knew the two had finished.
A swift move to get dressed the group eases up their pile up to let the couple breath.
Chey huffed and primped at her tight curls. Her eyes happy.
He stood smug yet returned a wink at her.
Back to normal, Darius coughed, "Too easy." then fist bumped his buddies while walking away. Behind his back he gave Chey a thumbs up. At least there was hope.
Monica, Rosa, and Amber surrounded Chey with giggles. The girl shivered and bounced with exhilaration.
"I can't believe I did that."
Rosa chuckled, "So I'm next tomorrow right? Can I do Darius too?"
Chey punched her friend in the arm. With a jealous growl she changes her tune, "I dare you to."
Everyone laughed.
Suddenly, Monica made a realization
Kendra had disappeared. Taking the dress with her.
"Where did Ken go?"
Out of no where Kendra Stewart brought her blond self back into their midst. She was wearing the sundress proudly. Her 34B's proudly visible, nipples pointing like daggers. The skirt revealing her thin white lacey thong.
"Where did you go?" Monica narrowed her eyes.
"To lunch. I was starving. Everyone loved me in the dress. Even Principal Janson. He stopped to look me over then smiled and kept on going. It was such a rush."
The group of girls stood in awe.
Monica hears the bell ring for next class.
"Keep the dress on until class is over."
Kendra swirls in step, "Nope! Until school is over. Meet you back here later."
The thin perky blond gathered her clothes from the floor and rushed them to her locker. The rest of her day was pure adrenalin.
Monica puckered her lower lip as the girls dispersed.
"Well!"
Monica was speechless.