We are almost alone, sitting near the end of the back row of the movie theatre, with the dividing seat-arm raised and you on my left. We got there early, and another couple come in shortly after us, but sit several rows ahead of us. As the adverts end and the previews start, they move to the back row too, but at the other end of the row. We are mildly annoyed at this until they start making out as this is quite a turn-on. A few more couples come in, but it is still a quiet showing, and they all sit several rows ahead of us, so they pay us and the other couple no attention.
When the movie starts, the couple try watch it but, after only ten minutes or so, they are obviously not that interested in what's happening on the screen. They keep looking over at you or us and whispering to one another. After a while of this, she gets up and goes to the restroom, excusing herself past us on the way and pressing against us slightly more than is strictly necessary. I think they are hoping to have the back row to themselves.
When she returns, instead of going past us again, she sits down directly next to me. At the same time her beau has moved to the other side of you. We now sit between them, and he rests his hand on the dividing seat arm, just brushing against your knee. She does the same on my side. We both put our hands in our laps, keeping them from moving any closer. We wanted the back row too, so we are not about to give in and move!
They stay where they are, and he appears to be intentionally touching your knee more firmly. We are shocked of course but say nothing. Partly to keep the peace for the other members of the audience but mostly because we're not going to blink first.
As they don't move, we relax after a while and start watching the movie again. He seems to sense this, and he moves his hand, so it now rests on your knee. This does not seem to be upsetting you, so I put my hand on your leg closest to me, mirroring what he is doing. You like me to touch so I imagine this is doubly sexy for you. After a few minutes, I move my hand slowly up your leg.
I see that she is watching everything intently from beside me, and when he starts to move his hand in the same direction, she takes a sharp breath in. When my hand reaches the hem of your skirt, I look in your eyes and you give me a nod, to keep going. I lift your skirt slowly up your leg and brush up and down the inside of your thighs. This turns you on and you turn slightly away from me, lay your head back on my shoulder, and close your eyes.
As your breathing becomes more erratic, I turn towards you a little too, so you are laying back on my chest. I move my hand higher, brushing your panties briefly, and then up to gently massage your breast. As he watches you enjoying this, he starts brushing your inner thighs as I had been. Then he, too, moves his hand higher but stops at your underwear, and starts to gently massage you. It seems you are so excited by this that you start massaging your other breast with one hand and move the other to your mouth.
She now reaches around me and takes over massaging the breast nearest her, so I move my hand down an under the elastic of your panties. I know where you like to be touched, so I do what I know gets you really turned on. His hand is outside your panties, but he feels everything I am doing. I move your panties to one side, and he takes over, mimicking my actions and still doing exactly what you like. I bring my hand up to your chin and turn you towards me and we kiss for a long time. In the meantime, they are getting you closer and closer to orgasm. As the movie soundtrack reaches a crescendo, you go ever the edges and moan into my mouth until they stop, and you slowly come down.
You rearrange your clothes but continue to lay back against me. She moves past us and takes him with her, back to the other end of the row, where she sits on his lap. The movie is forgotten, and we watch as they continue to make out. After only a few minutes it becomes obvious that he is now inside her and she is riding him slowly, grinding against him with her eyes shut and her head back. It does not take long for her to reach her own climax. We enjoyed their show too so, when she also recovers herself, we give them a silent round of applause.
This all seems to have taken no time at all but we realize the movie is ending and the credits are rolling. We wait to be the last to get up and leave. In the foyer, as I open the door to let you out of the auditorium, you look oddly at me and continue out to the ar. When we are ready to go you explain that you found a note in your pocket, and hand it to me. It reads "Same showing next week?"
We each other, whether this is something we should continue?