A short summary to date: Nigel and Melissa are in love. Sylvia is Melissa's English counterpart in London for the same company Melissa works at, Bigsby and Co. Sylvia and Nigel's brother Geoff are in love. Sylvia is also in love with Nigel and Melissa is often tempted by Geoff. The four of them have worked out a tentative occasional partner swap but Melissa is still hoping to snag Nigel as a husband and she is hoping he will propose at some point. Sylvia feels the same way about Geoff. Jane is Melissa's best friend.
I. Jane and Melissa in an East Village Bar
I was in full blown panic mode. Thank goodness my best friend forever Jane agreed to meet me at our favorite East Village Bar on First Avenue. I saw Jane come into the bar. She was dressed for a hook-up bar, all right. She was sporting an outfit that would doubtless inspire men to come over to ask to join us and to buy us drinks. I did not need that.
"Thanks for coming, Jane," I said.
"What's the emergency?" she asked.
"Nigel," I said.
"No shit, Sherlock. That's a given. What about him?" Jane asked.
"His father is coming to New York and he wants to meet me," I said.
"Oh, my goodness! Meeting the parents? That's serious. Are you that serious about him?" Jane asked.
"Not his parents. Nothing was said about his mother. It's just his father. Presumably he has a mother, right?" I said.
"Most men do. Women do too, actually, we just don't admit it," Jane said. "So...you're going to meet the old Duke of Cock himself?" Jane observed.
"Don't call him that! To you and to me he is just Mr. Clark!" I said.
"Awww. Killjoy. I love his noble title you gave him, Lord Clark, the Duke of Cock. Do you think he is?" Jane asked.
"Is what?"
"The Duke of Cock, of course!" Jane said, the ends of her mouth twisting just a little to reveal the hint of a smile.
"Well his two sons are the most amazing men I've ever, uh, you know, and if you believe in inherited traits, well..." I stumbled.
My sex life began at an age too young to tell you, and it went full speed from there and it never stopped. By the time I graduated college (two years ago) I knew everything I ever could want to know about men in bed and their peccadillos. I guess I had sowed enough wild oats to reseed Sherwood Forest were it to be opened to logging. I was an expert on sex, but not on emotions. Who knew what I wanted from a partner for life? I sure didn't.
"Do I need to introduce the two men to my Mom?" I asked Jane. My Mom was only 16 years older than I which made her 40 years old. My Dad had knocked her up when she was in high school and six years later he died while having a job interview in the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center, on September 11, 2001. That's why I've been on birth control for almost ten years, and I'm only just 24 years old. My Mom insisted, just in case the sexpot did not fall far from the vixen.
My Mom is also a MILF. She's probably the sexiest MILF in the State of New York. If she wants a man and goes after him, he can kiss his precious free will goodbye. And now she might meet the old Duke of Cock himself? That spells trouble!
And what about Geoff with his monster cock and together with his brother Nigel their unmatched fucking techniques? Sylvia told me Geoff is 34 years old (Nigel is 30), and that's only six years younger than my Mom. What if my Mom went after Geoff? Sylvia would never forgive me. Not to mention how weird it would be for my Mom to be intimate with my lover's brother!
"Can't you tell your Mom to chill? She must know how important Nigel is to you," Jane said. "Anyway, they do not have to meet your Mom this visit, you know."
"Right," I said in heavily sarcastic intonation. Jane knew my Mom. Telling my Mom to chill was like telling a politician not to lie. Telling her not to meet the Dad of my true love, my heartthrob, was like telling her to take a sudden winter vacation in Alaska. It was not going to happen.
"When does the old Duke of Cock arrive?" Jane asked.
I thought to remind her again not to call him that, but gave up. "Tomorrow," I said.
"Dress nice and smile a lot. Not too sexy, if you can manage that," Jane said.
"You came this close to having my glass of white wine thrown in your face just now," I said, squeezing my fingers together in illustration.
As predicted, two men came over and hit on us. Since I am now Nigel's girl, I made an excuse and politely left the bar, leaving Jane to choose between the men. I figured she'd go with the one who was growing a beard. Four days growth of a beard looks sexy. Jane always looks sexy and she likes sexy men. She also likes the inevitable outcome which of course is sex, sex, and more sex. I guess that does not make her that unusual.
I went home and waited for Nigel to arrive. He came home an hour later; the man works much too hard and keeps much too long hours at work. Jane had once idly wondered aloud if he really was at work, or out drinking with the boys or carousing with floozies. I was sure he was not like that. I was mostly sure. I was fairly sure. I was reasonably sure. I actually had no idea.
I guess I could check up on him? I don't want to be like that. His Dad arrives tomorrow. Focus, Melissa, focus! I made us some dinner. Branzino, roasted with baby zucchini, fresh from the farmer's market, with some thyme and basil.
I laid out a selection of outfits for the Meet-the-Duke-of-Cock ceremony in the morrow. They were my most conservative work clothes. I felt like an Amish woman, trying to look modest.
II.Nigel's Dad Mark Clark, aka the Duke of Cock, arrives in New York
"His taxi is stuck in traffic but he should be here soon. Where are you going?" Nigel asked me.
"To pee," I said.
"What, again?" Nigel asked. "Drink too much water, did you?"
"I pee when I'm nervous, okay? You know that, Nigel."
"My father's harmless," he said. "He's only a danger to women."
"I'm a woman, or have you forgot?" I asked.
"Prove it," Nigel said, and gave me his mischievous smile. I love that smile. I sang a high note, one that almost only dogs could hear.
"Could be a falsetto," Nigel said.
I lifted up my blouse. "Could be a padded bra," Nigel said, again with that deadly smile.
I smiled back. "Will my boobs convince you?" I asked.
"They would not convince the officials for the Olympics, especially if you were Russian," Nigel said.
I lifted my skirt. "No room for a cock, see?" I said. I stroked my vagina through my panties to illustrate how smooth it was.
"You could have a really, really tiny one," he said.
I pulled down my panties. "Convinced?"
"Yes," he said. He came over to me and started fondling where my panties no longer were. "I guess my Dad is a danger to you."
"Geez," I said. "First your brother, now your Dad?"
"You're a bit young for him," Nigel said.
"I should hope so! What is he, 60 years old?" I asked. I was getting much too turned on. Nigel knew just how to drive me to distraction with his fingers and he was not letting up.
"Yes, precisely, as of last Wednesday," Nigel said. I made a mental note of his birthday. "You know, you are very wet down there." At that point I inadvertently moaned, underscoring Nigel's point.
"Your fingers might be having something to do with that," I said breathlessly. "You should stop you know. Your father could come at any minute!" I said.
Nigel took my hand and pulled me to the bedroom. He tossed me onto the bed, pulled down my panties, did what men do to get their cocks out, and jumped me, entering me to the hilt in one swift stroke. Lordy, it felt good. I know I love Nigel, but I love his cock and what he does with it even more.
I was moaning up a storm and it was building, building, building. The risk of his father arriving in mid sex was turning me on something fierce. I was getting so close, so close and OMG there it was. I climaxed big time, letting out a high-pitched scream that could break crystal, I'm sure. That's one of the many reasons we don't have crystal.
Neither of us had heard the knock. We had told the doorman to send up Nigel's Dad when he came and we had left the door unlocked. When nobody came to the door upon Mr. Clark's knock, Nigel's Dad simply walked in.
He heard my scream of passion and not knowing why a woman had screamed he burst into our bedroom just as Nigel was pulling out. I was lying there in bliss, my eyes closed, Nigel's copious load of cum visible in my pussy, my legs spread wide, with my face reflecting my state of bliss, I'm sure.
I first became aware we were not alone when I heard Nigel say, "Hi, Dad. I'd like you to meet my true love Melissa."
My eyes shot open, my legs shot closed, I stood up like a rocket ship that just launched, and my skirt fell into place to cover me up, much too late.
"You're a very pretty woman, Melissa," the old Duke of Cock himself said, his eyes twinkling with mischief. "You're pretty where it counts, too," the crude Englishman said, looking right at my crotch. "I'm honored to meet you."
I was blushing furiously and frozen to the spot where I was standing. I was unable to speak since I had no idea what to say. What do you say to the man you hope someday will be your father-in-law when the first sight he has of you is your naked, wide-open pussy filled with his son's cum? I don't remember my mother telling me what to do in such situations.
What my mother had taught me was that if I were ever in a situation where my intuition failed me, simply to stay quiet and to smile. That had always worked to date. I have a pretty smile.
"Thank you, Sir," I managed to say, smiling. One of my strengths is that in any situation, no matter how bizarre or how shaming, I can always force a smile. I felt a trickle of cum sliding slowly down my right thigh.
"Call me Duke, everyone does," Nigel's father said. His given name was Mark. I so wanted to ask him if Duke was short for "Duke of Cock," but of course I did not. An old rock and roll song, "The Duke of Earl" by Gene Chandler, was bouncing around in my head. I could head the bass voice singing, "Duke, Duke, Duke, Duke of Earl, Duke, Duke..." as I looked into the milky blue eyes of the Duke of Cock.
The Duke's eyes in return stared at my crotch, now modestly covered by one of my work skirts. I had had no time to find my panties and pull them up, so the Duke knew my pussy was both bare and sloppy under my skirt. This is not the ideal way to meet one's future father in law for the first time, or anytime for that matter!
My mother appeared next. I could not believe this. True, my mother has the uncanny ability to appear at the most inopportune times. She's an expert at doing that. She always has been. One time when I was in school (before college) when I lived at home with her she entered my bedroom while I was naked, on all fours being ploughed from behind.
My Mom calmly discussed dinner plans with me (Did I want chicken or fish? Did the boy want to stay for dinner or was my pussy enough for him just then?) as the boy behind me, showing no modesty whatsoever, just continued to fuck me while my mom and I discussed dinner. (He ended up staying for dinner and then we went upstairs and I gave him a blowjob.) The boy even grabbed my boobs as he fucked me right in front of my Mom and tweaked my nipples, eliciting a hyper embarrassing moan. My Mom left after my moan but I saw a smirk on her face as she left.
My Mom looked at the boy with desire as we ate dinner. I hated it when she lusted after my teenage lovers. We broke up a week later and I always wondered if he had dumped me in order to have a liaison with my Mom. It's horrible that I think like that. It's even more horrible that I had good reason to think like that.
Back in the present, my Mom just dropped in uninvited. My mother however turned out to be a great attraction. She and Duke took to each other right away, taking off me the pressure of Duke's lustful stares at my body.
Next Jane came over, also uninvited. What was this, Grand Central Station?
I did not know why my Mom showed up but Jane was clearly there to check out the old Duke of Cock himself. Jane would claim it was to help me out, but I knew better. My friend the hussy checked him out with detailed care. Jane could really annoy me. She was lucky she was such a good friend!
Sylvia was in England but next Geoff appeared. Well at least in his case he had an excuse. His father was there. I did not have enough food to feed six people, so Nigel and I took everyone out to dinner.
III.Dinner at an Upscale NY Restaurant
At dinner the seating was unfortunate. Mom was next to Geoff, Jane was next to Nigel, and the Duke himself was next to me. A hand was on my thigh, creeping up under my skirt. Since Duke was sitting to my right, and the hand was on my right thigh, it was clear the hand belonged to Duke. He was feeling up his own son's woman? Really? Seriously?
Get real, Melissa. He had seen your wide-open pussy just an hour earlier. What was he supposed to think? I'll tell you what, you dumb tart. He was supposed to think I was Nigel's girl! Nigel is his bleeping son, for Pete's sake. One does not molest the girlfriend of one's son!
I did not know what to do. I reached down under the table and grabbed the Duke's hand in order to remove it from my thigh. He was too strong and his hand stayed there. It was at that point about four inches from what had clearly been his hand's goal.
I wanted to be polite and respectful but really, he had already seen my naked pussy filled with cum, and now his hand was up my skirt resting on my thigh? Why am I in this hell? I kept trying and kept failing to remove his hand. I got up, pretending to need to use the facilities. I had to go down a flight of stairs to get to the bathroom.
I heard footsteps behind me. The staircase walls were some kind of glossy tiles and I could see from the reflection that the Duke was following me down the stairs. Damn! I was slow due to my stiletto heels and the Duke caught me at the bottom, pulled me into him, and forced a kiss onto my lips. I tried to pull my head away but could not. His hand was on the back of my head.
Make a good impression, make a good impression, I had told myself over and over again after Nigel had sprung the news about his father's visit. He wanted to kiss me. Maybe that's some sort of British thing? Cornering the girlfriend/fiancé/bridesmaid near the toilets and mashing her? Well, okay, I can play along.
I stopped resisting. I relaxed my body and I kissed him back. Suddenly I realized his kisses were magnificent! I've always had a weakness for a man who can truly kiss. The old Duke was just such a man. Good for him. Unfortunate for me.
I should have known what was coming next but for the life of me I never would have thought he could have tried something like that in a restaurant restroom hallway with his two sons, Jane, and my Mom upstairs, but he did. He most certainly did. His hand went under my skirt, lifting it slightly, and zipped up to my pussy, still not clad with panties.
I was still just a little sloppy with Nigel's cum, but the old Duke did not seem to mind, as his fingers showed conclusively that his considerable talents were not restricted to kissing. I tried to stop him, pushing at his arm, but my efforts were as weak as was my flesh. It felt just too amazingly good.
Suddenly he stopped, whispering to me, "I'm even better when it's the real thing," and then he left me standing there in shock, as he smiled at me and went to the men's room. I just stood there, trembling. At the last minute, when the Duke had finished his business and I heard the urinal flush, I managed to pull myself together and enter the women's room. I collapsed on a stall and just sat there, stunned.
I don't know how long I sat there on the toilet. I did not even pee, although I did manage to push out a bit of Nigel's cum. God that man had productive balls! I finally emerged from the toilets, climbed the stairs carrying my stilettos, and joined the table.
The food had just arrived and everyone was distracted by the delicious looking plates and tempting smells from the food in front of us. More importantly for me, the Dukes hands were leaving me alone.
Jane had majored in history in college and she knew a lot about English history in particular. She was enjoying discussing the fine details of the subject with the three men, all of them knowledgeable just from standard British schooling. They began to discuss jus primae noctis, I have no idea why.
"What is jus primae noctis?" I naively asked.
"It's Latin, Melissa. You may know it as droit de seigneur," Jane replied.
French, I knew. "The rights of the lord? I still don't get it," I said.
"It means that a feudal lord was supposed to have the rights to deflower a bride before the groom did," Jane said.
My mother, of course, said, "Would that include Dukes?"
"You mean real Dukes, right?" I replied. "Mr. Clark is not a real duke. That's just his nickname."
"Well, actually..." Geoff began.
"Our Dad is the Duke of Chesire," Nigel said. He did not seem particularly proud.
My Mom was bowled over. "Really? I'm dining with a real duke? Your lordship," she said, bowing her head and looking at the old Duke of Cock himself, her bedroom eyes twinkling. The Duke looked at her with fresh eyes. There was palpable interest there.
My Mom turned to me. "I guess you're lucky, Melissa, that this is no longer feudal times," and she giggled. Jane joined in. Giggling is contagious among women but I did not join in. I felt as far as Nigel's Dad was concerned it was still feudal times. I would have to be super careful.
To get revenge on my Mom I loudly asked Nigel where was his Mom and why did she not come over to New York with the Duke?
"I've never told you?" Nigel asked. Seeing my blank look, he continued, "My Mom died in the world Trade Center disaster of 2001." Boy had my attempt at revenge backfired!
IV.The 9/11 Memorial
After the dinner it was inevitable. Nigel and I took our Dad and Mom respectively to the new world trade center building, sometimes called The Freedom Tower. There's a tasteful memorial fountain there with the names of all the victims etched into it. My Mom lives in New York so she has often been there to see the name of her husband, a man she has never stopped loving. This was to be the first time the old Duke was going to see the name of his wife etched there.
It was a moving moment. Nigel saw his father cry for the first time in his life. My mother did not cry. She had cried enough over the years. She did hug the Duke to help him get through his pain. She empathized. I cried too just a little, and wiped away the moisture from my eyes. Most of my memories of my Dad came from my Mom's pictures of him, since I was barely seven when the terror happened. Nigel was 14, already a teenager, when he lost his Mom.
We left the two parents alone, steering them to a nice bar that served English style beer for the Duke. My Mom was always pacified with a glass of good sherry. Nigel and I walked down to battery park and gazed out at the statue of liberty.
"This country has such an amazing history," Nigel said. "You used to admit so many refugees. You were so welcoming."
"Yes, I guess we were," I said. I could have added something about the current state of affairs, but I chose to stay silent.
A strong wind actually made me cold and Nigel held me. He always holds me perfectly. We went home and left our mourning parents to their own devices. It did not take a rocket scientist to figure out exactly how they drowned their sorrows. I could see how they were looking at each other when we left them in that bar.
Around 11pm that night I got a call from my Mom. Could I come over to her place? She needed me. I figured she was having a long-delayed attack of grief over my father's death, seventeen long years earlier. Good for her I thought. Nigel was disappointed. I had had to stop my blowjob in mid blow in order to answer the phone. Then I threw on clothes, grabbed a taxi and went right to my mother's place.
My Mom answered the door in hyper sexy evening clothes. She was such a sexy woman. She had a body that just did not quit. A pretty face framed with tumbling curls of silken hair led to a long neck and fabulous bare shoulder blades. Farther down came her breasts. I know her breasts once nourished me as a baby but now they were simply a huge sexual allure and one that my Mom, Sarah Smith, used to great effect.
A tiny waist, beautifully shaped legs, and a tight ass making almost a bubble butt completed the package. I was sure she had drained the old Duke dry. My Mom said nothing, she just pointed to the bedroom.
"He wants his droit de seigneur. I hope you do not mind, but I said okay," my Mom said.
"Mom, you can have sex with anyone you want! It's none of my business and I will never judge you," I said.
"Yes, of course Melissa. What I'm saying is that I promised him your sexual charms."
"Okay, when I said I would never judge you, perhaps I said it a bit hastily," I replied. "Mom, have you lost your mind? I'm not yours to give away, and besides I'm in love with Nigel, not Duke's cock."
"This is your chance to fuck a real Duke, Melissa! Think about it!" my Mom said.
I pretended to think. I even stroked my chin. "No," I said.
"Well, I did not want to have to say this, but we have already fucked," my Mom said.
"No shit, Sherlock," I said.
"Yes, and you know I've been around the block a few times," Mom said.
"I'm not counting, but it's a rather a generous interpretation of the word 'few' I should think," I said. I was annoyed that Mom even proposed such a thing as my having sex with any man at all, let alone with my lover's father!
"Yes, it's been a lot. Some have been good, some have been lousy, and some have been superb lovers," she said.
"That makes sense. Variety is the spice of life," I said. I was still angry.
"No man compares to the Duke. The Duke is in a class by himself. I must have had five orgasms during our very first fuck. They were big, too. Mega. Even giga," she said.
"No tera orgasms?" I asked.
"What?"
"Never mind. Anyway, no, I don't care how good he is. I can't imagine anything better than his two sons, Nigel and Geoff," I said.
"He's better. Much better than Geoff at least," she said.
I got alarmed. "You've already seduced Geoff?"
"Well, yes, it's been a busy night and..."
"Jesus, Mom! Geoff is committed to my friend Sylvia!" I said. Then I said sotto voce, "The Duke is really better than Geoff?"
"Geoff is wonderful, don't get me wrong. His cock is so huge, and what he does with it..." I actually saw my mother blush for the first time in my life. "But yes, the Duke is better. It's not even comparable. See for yourself if you like. Both men are in my bedroom. Geoff came by to look in on his father and at the time I was a bit compromised, naked you know and all, and one thing led to another and, well, here we are," my Mom the slut MILF said.
"The point is," my Mom continued, "The Duke is determined to lay you. He feels it's his right, to welcome you to the family. This is a wonderful opportunity for you, and I am willing to make the sacrifice of letting him have you this one time," she said.
"What do you mean? You control him?" I looked at my Mom. This was becoming surreal.
"Modesty aside my daughter, I'm the best the Duke has ever had. I'm the best any man has ever had. Geoff thinks so, too," my Mom said.
I sighed.
"At least go into my bedroom and say hello to the two men," my Mom said.
V.Sarah Smith's Bedroom
I sighed again. I knew this was some kind of trap. I took a deep breath and entered my mother's bedroom. It was empty. There was a note on the bed right where I could not miss it. It said,
"Please do a strip tease. Your stalker, Geoff."
I looked around. There was nobody there. I was alone. I went to the closet and opened the door. It was a solid door, no slats, so nobody could hide and watch but I opened it anyway. I saw a vast selection of my mother's outfits and an equally vast selection of her shoes. Some of her outfits were kinky, I could not help but notice.
I could not decide if I was freaked out or just amused. That's when the music began. My Mom had a Bose boombox on her dresser and it began to play bump and grind music. I guessed it was remotely controlled. I looked for a computer with a camera but could not find one. How would anyone know if I were stripping or not?
This was humiliating. I was supposed to be the computer expert and in fact I was. Only Sylvia knew as much as I did and she was in London just then, so how were they doing this? I could not see a camera anywhere. Maybe they just wanted me naked so they could come in later and get their jollies looking at me?
I thought about my one time with Geoff when I had thought he was a stalker and going to rape me. He had turned out to be Nigel's brother and even all of respectful, sexy, and nice and damn it all I could not resist trying out his monster cock. It was wonderful, too. Better than wonderful. It equaled the fucks of Nigel and it had that huge size going for it, too.
It would be fun to do that again. Mom had said the Duke was even better? Of course, that was not possible. Besides there was no way I was going to have sex with Nigel's father. That was fine if my Mom wanted to, it was her decision, but me? No way! For that matter, no sex with Geoff, either. I knew Sylvia and I had agreed to the occasional swap, but this was no swap. Sylvia was across the ocean, for Pete's sake.
Still, by now I was aroused. Hell, to be honest I was totally turned on and the music was beginning to get to me. I started swaying a little to the sound of the music. I was alone. Nobody could see me. The bedroom door was closed and I pushed the button to lock it. I was safe. I decided to enjoy myself.
I looked at myself in the full length mirror my Mom had in her room. Growing up I had always loved that mirror. I had one too, in my room, and I always undressed in front of it, watching my young body slowly, ever so slowly, mature into the body of a woman, which it did by the relatively young age of fourteen. When I later had sex with a boy during my teenage years it was always in front of that mirror so that we could watch ourselves. The boys loved it.
I was my own audience in this closed and locked room with its bump and grind music teasing my ears. There was of course a window. The blinds were up so in theory neighbors could see me. I went to the window to close the blinds and saw all the windows facing were dark. Nobody was home. I left the blinds up and alone and inspired by the bump and grind music I began my strip tease.
I knew someone had to be watching. I knew if I were to do a strip tease someone would see me. For the life of me though I could not figure out how! I made a thorough and detailed examination of the room and found no hidden cameras anywhere, no cracks or holes someone could look through, nothing from the closet or under the bed. Nothing. I had locked the door. I convinced myself I was safe and alone and not viewable.
I knew however, deep down, I was being outfoxed. Someone was watching, somehow. Well, I could give them a show. Why not? Cleverness deserves its rewards, and if a man can outfox a smart girl like me, well then, he can enjoy the show.
I went slow, painfully slow. I played with the top button of my blouse for a while and then undid it. I continued with the next button, then a third. It took a while but eventually my blouse was open, revealing my lacy bra which did precious little to hide my boobs.
I began to remember back when I was growing up in my mother's house. I used to dress and undress in my room in front of my own mirror. I would pretend I was a man watching me. I'll bet a lot of girls do that, just like me. In my case, though, my classmate Stewart was actually watching me. He lived across the street and he could see into my window. He loved watching me undress at night and sometimes I would even pleasure myself while doing it.
How do I know Stewart was watching me? I know because Stewart told me! I pretended to be angry, but after he told me I kept right on giving him shows and I even upped the temperature of the shows. When we both left for college I would give him shows via my computer's camera.
Sometimes too when a boy was ravishing me in college my computer would be open and the little green light showing the camera was in use was my clue that Stewart was watching. I would really ham it up at those times. My lover of the moment would feel all macho to be driving me to such heights of sexual ecstasy, but the real person to take the credit would be Stewart. I just loved that he always wanted to watch.
Now it was not Stewart anymore; no, he was history, I'm afraid. No doubt he's watching some other lucky girl far away in Afghanistan or Iraq or Syria or Nigeria or wherever the marines sent him. He's often not allowed to tell me. He gets to wear a green beret.
This time it was doubtless 'only' Geoff and maybe his Dad who was/were watching me. I didn't know how they were doing it, but I was sure they were. Channeling my memories of my shows for Stewart I made a good show for Geoff and the Duke. I made a very good show. I had been doing this since my teenage years after all. I had become good at it.
I dragged out the tease re my boobs. I knew Nigel and Geoff both loved my boobs. Backwards inheritance would mean the Duke would like them too. So even after I had unhooked my bra I kept it on, loosely hanging on my boobs while I did some belly dance moves in time to the music.
Stewart had loved my boobs too. I sent him pictures of my boobs from time to time to thank him for his service in far off lands. He never seemed to have wanted sex with me. The pictures were what he wanted, and I was always happy to oblige. What Stewart really loved was me baring my boobs for him in exotic settings, such as on a city sidewalk where I was at risk of discovery.
A few times I was discovered. I would always explain about my 'boyfriend' overseas in the armed forces wanting such a picture. The men who had discovered me always understood and usually offered to take the pictures for me so I would not have to take selfies. One man offered to take short video of me undressing and I let him. I ended up doing a strip tease for him baring all, right there on the sidewalk. He had quite a lump in his pants and I had quite an audience when I finished. I quickly got dressed, took back my phone, and got the hell out of there!
Back to my strip tease, I slowly, painfully slowly, let my skirt come off. As I stepped out of my skirt my bra fell to the ground. I was now dancing in panties only. I danced over to where my Mom used to hide her cash. She still hid cash there and I took some out. I gave myself little tips as if I were a stripper in a club and men were tipping me. The dollar bills went in my waist band, but when an imaginary man presented a twenty, I told him to put it wherever he wanted.
With my hand being the hand of my imaginary man, I put the twenty-dollar bill inside my panties and wedged it into my pussy. "Ooh, you naughty man," I said in my best come hither voice. "Would you like a private dance?"
I stopped dancing. "Come out, come out, wherever you are!" I called out. "Olly, olly oxen free!" I slowly pulled down my lace blue panties and stepped out of them. The dollar bills fluttered to my feet encircling me. I was now stark naked in front of the mirror with a $20 bill sticking out of my pussy. I smiled at myself and the mirror opened. I almost fainted from the surprise.
Behind the mirror was a very small room and two chairs. The chairs barely fit. One chair was empty. On the other chair sat a naked man with an erect, hard cock. The Duke rose from his chair and came into the room. I became scared. I backed up as he advanced. I was now quivering with fear.
I said, "No. You're Nigel's father. I can't do this. It's not right. No way!" I looked around for my clothes and grabbed some of them from the floor. Before I could dress the Duke came to me, took me into his arms and pulled me flush against him. He kissed me. I remembered that wonderful kiss he had given me in the restaurant (along with some spectacular fingering).
Duke's kiss this time was even better. He was rapidly melting my resistance. My brain kept screaming no, but I ignored it. I don't know why. I dropped my clothes I was holding. His fingering while he kissed me was also even better than it had been in the restaurant. No man, no person, no human, had ever fingered me like that. He knew exactly how to get to me.
People talk about a woman's G spot. The Duke had found not only my G spot but he had found the entire alphabet from A to Z. My first orgasm came within minutes and when it washed over me I was his. My resistance, such as it was, was gone. I was most definitely his. Whatever he wanted from me he was going to get and he would get it in spades.
The Duke was a simple man. He pushed ever so gently and I fell on my back onto the bed. He pushed with the slightest touch at my legs and they parted, spreading wide. Duke climbed aboard. I wished Jane could see this. I was about to be fucked by the Duke of Cock himself! It no longer mattered just then that he was my lover Nigel's father, nor did it matter that he had earlier fucked my own mother. Nothing mattered beyond that his cock slid inside me, meeting no resistance at all.
Duke had an amazing reputation to live up to at this point. He had showed true talent both with his kissing and his fingers but the ultimate test was how he used his cock. He did not disappoint. His cock was not a monster cock as was his son Geoff's cock. It was more like the cock of his other son, my true love Nigel, whose cock was itself damn nice.
It was a cock of magic. The way he moved it, the way he penetrated me, the way he fondled my boobs as he fucked me, all were driving me wild, right to the very edge. He could tell. He could see my body flush, my breathing change, my thighs flex, my legs wrap around him, my fingernails clawing at his back, my moaning changing to screaming as I peaked, as I climaxed, as I briefly passed out. Throughout the Duke was never stopping driving me upward and upward to plateau after plateau of sexual euphoria.
I had never experienced anything like it. I also knew I never would again. This man was dangerous. He had the power to make me his sexual slave. I was ready to submit to him in totality.
The Duke rolled off me and left me lying there in my state of thorough ravishment. I was sweaty, breathing hard, exhausted, and in complete bliss. I would have liked Duke to stay with me, to cuddle me, to stroke my head and tenderly fondle my boobs, but one can't have everything. That wasn't his style. At least it wasn't his style with me. Nevertheless, I felt abandoned.
As I woke up from my reverie I got curious about the tiny room from which Duke had emerged. I had grown up in this apartment and I never knew of that room. I walked over to the mirror, still nude, and I tried to figure out how to open it. I could see no way to do it. It did not even look as if it opened, but of course I knew that it must. I put on some clothes and left the room to enter the hall. I remembered there was a light switch for which there had never been a light.
I flipped the light switch. Nothing. I flipped it twice, rapidly. Nothing. Three times, and nothing. I said, "Abracadabra," and still nothing, not that I was expecting much. Just covering all the bases. I stood there, thinking. I reached up, all the way up on my tiptoes, and ran my finger on the ceiling molding. I found a button, hidden by the molding at the top of the wall. I pushed it. A door opened. I walked through the door.
I was in a dark room. There was some light and I realized it was coming from two one-way mirrors. The mirror in my Mom's room was a one-way mirror. I could see into my Mom's room. That's how Duke had watched me do my strip tease. The other mirror gave a perfect view of what had been my room while I grew up. Many a teenage boy had ravished my young body in that very room, almost always in front of the mirror. I wondered the obvious. Had someone been seated on the very chair on which I was now sitting, watching me get laid? Who? Not my Mom, I pray it was not my Mom!
There was movement in the room. A man was fucking a woman. He was between her legs and her feet were in the air. All I could see was her feet, with her orange toenail polish, the same color toenail polish as my Mom. I knew who the man was. I saw his ass, the way he was fucking the woman with the orange toenail polish, the back of his head. No mistake, it was Geoff.
I noticed a small switch next to the mirror. I turned it and it pumped in the sound from my former bedroom! Now I heard the woman's moans and squeals of pleasure. The woman had to be Mom. I was watching my mother get fucked by Sylvia's lover Geoff. A man who had fucked me once, too. I felt nauseated. I got up and left the room and went straight for the toilet.
I felt better after my vomit. I drank a coke to change the taste in my mouth. I began to think about that room. Why was it there? Who installed it? Had people watched me get laid during my teen years? If so, who were they? Were there pictures, too? Were there pictures of me getting laid somewhere up on the bowels on the Internet?
I looked for my Mom. She was nowhere in the house, unless of course that was her in my old bedroom, underneath Geoff, enjoying his monster cock. I really did not want it to be so, but there was little question that it was. I left and went for a walk.
I came back for dinner. "Mom, what's the story about that little room with the two one-way mirrors?" I asked my Mom, once the food was served and we were all at the table.
"Do you remember Uncle Tom?" my mother asked. Tom was her brother.
"Of course, I do!" I said. Tom was a fun uncle. He was sweet and always funny. He made me laugh.
"Well, Tom liked to watch," Mom said. She let those words sink in.
"What did he watch?" I asked. I saw my Mom's face. "Who did he watch?" I had changed my question from what to who.
"He watched me having sex, and as you matured he watched you having sex, too," Mom said.
"You let him peep on me?!?" I asked in all incredulity and anger.
Mom giggled. "I guess he was a `peeping Tom.' He needed it. It was a compulsion, an obsession with him. He was my brother, after all."
My family was seriously messed up.
"Who did he watch you having sex with?" I asked.
"Well at first it was always with your Dad, of course. And yes, your Dad knew about it. After your Dad died I withdrew into my shell. You remember, I'm sure. That's when you lived with Grandma."
"I remember," I said. My Grandmother was a princess, a saint. I loved her with all my soul and all my might. She had been in the wrong place at the wrong time and was caught in the cross fire of the police and some men in Harlem. She died when I was fourteen. I had returned home and by then my mother had installed the full-length mirror in my room. I was thrilled by it and thanked her profusely at the time.
I remember my mother's words at the time. "Thank Uncle Tom. He paid for it."
VI.A Café in Manhattan with Melissa and Jane
"You actually fucked the Duke of Cock?" Jane asked for the third time. "The father of your lover Nigel?"
"So too did my Mom," I replied.
"Sometime you have to invite me to one of your family gatherings. Frankly, I find it hard to believe you," Jane said.
"It gets worse. Remember the oversized mirror in my bedroom?" I asked Jane.
"Of course. Remember you lent me your room so that I could do it with Matt in privacy and security?" Jane asked. Matt had been her high school boyfriend her senior year. "Matt just loved doing it in front of such a huge mirror. I guess men like stuff like that."
"They sure do," I replied. "I don't know why, exactly. The point is though did you ever think about it possibly being a one-way mirror?"
"No, of course not. What are you saying? You don't mean...Oh my God, no?"
"Yes. My uncle Tom paid my Mom to install it. I had sex in front of that mirror more times than I care to recall, and most of the times my Uncle Tom was peeping on me. I don't know, but I'll bet even my Mom was peeping, too!" I said.
We sat in silence while all that sank in.
"So weird, so weird..." Jane said. "So, the old Duke himself got to watch you do a strip tease in front of the mirror?"
"Yeah, like I told you. Then he emerged from behind the mirror as if by magic. I was a sitting duck. He kissed me and all of my resistance, and I had thought there had been a hell of a lot of it, just melted away. He's better than I could ever have imagined."
"Did he ruin you for Nigel?" Jane asked.
"No! No, of course not. With the Duke it was sex. With Nigel it's love. Hey, I've got an idea. Want to come to dinner tonight at my Mom's? Geoff and the Duke will still be there. So too will the mirrors..."
"Name the time, I'll be there," Jane replied.
VII.My Mom's Apartment
The wine flowed freely at dinner. The after-dinner cognacs changed my buzz from the wine into a full blown drunk. Jane was the same. I could see it in her eyes.
"It's so nice to be here again after all these years," Jane said. "Thanks for the delicious dinner Mrs. Jones."
"Want to see what my Mom has done with my old room?" I asked, as Jane and I had planned for me to do.
We went up to my room. I was sure someone was planted in the hidden tiny room watching us from behind the mirror. Jane knew, too.
Jane was looking at my closet and at my old clothes. "Hey, do you still have your old bikini? Remember how we used to swap bikinis?" Jane said.
"Want to see if it still fits you?" I asked sarcastically.
"You know, it just might still fit me," Jane said.
"Your boobs are bigger now. So are mine," I said. "Still, want to try?"
"Can I have some privacy?" Jane asked.
"Of course. My dildo is in the old spot, still, should you feel the need. I'll be downstairs with Mom and the men," I said. Jane glared at me because of the snide dildo remark. She knew that I knew she used to sneak uses of my dildo when we were both in high school. It was fun teasing her.
"Hi Mom. Hi Geoff. Where's the Duke?" I asked, upon rejoining the group in the living room of my Mom's spacious apartment on the Upper West Side. "Nigel is trapped at work. He won't be coming."
"Duke went to have a rest. What's Jane up to?" Mom asked.
"I guess she is performing for Duke trying on my old high school bikini," I said.
"That would never fit her now," Mom said.
"I'll bet your Dad would enjoy seeing that," I said, looking straight at Geoff.
"So would I," Geoff said.
"Do all men like to spy on women? Are all men voyeurs?" I asked in frustration to nobody in particular.
"Yes, in my experience, all men are," Mom said. "Though to different degrees. Take your old friend Stewart, for example."
I did not know my Mom even knew about Stewart. I became alarmed. "What about Stewart?" I asked.
"Oh, I guess you still don't know? Remember that stream of men who enjoyed your body during your senior year?" my Mom asked.
Geoff looked at me. I dare not describe his face. I blushed furiously. "Mom!" I said in exasperation.
"Well, I let Stewart in some of those times and he watched from the secret room. I gave him Kleenex to clean himself up. A few times I joined him. You are a little firecracker you know, Melissa. Stewart liked it when I joined him," my Mom said somewhat dreamily.
"Mom, you didn't? Not with Stewart?" yet even as I asked that I knew the answer.
"Only after his 18th birthday. It's fun having sex while you watch two other people having sex. It doesn't get any better than watching you, Melissa. Although I'll bet Jane is a little pistol, too," my incorrigible mother said. "Too bad Stewart is in Colombia now. He would have loved all of this fun we're having."
While I was in apoplexy Geoff had quietly excused himself and wandered down the hall. "How do you know where Stewart is? And where's Geoff?"
"Geoff is probably watching Duke and Jane, of course. Want to join?"
"There's no room for both of us," I said.
"Sure there is. Grab a chair and let's go," Mom said. She made it sound like harmless fun, and not the perversion we both knew it was. She opened the mirrored door to her own bedroom and we propped it open with the extra chair, giving us three chairs with which to watch through the one-way mirror in my old bedroom.
Duke had apparently just left the room and surprised Jane while she was using my old dildo from my high school years. He stood in front of her while the dildo moved in and out of her rapidly. Jane was naked with her eyes closed, moaning softly. We took our seats. The view was perfect.
This was so weird. Jane was my best friend and Geoff was my one-time lover and the brother of my true love. And then there was Mom. All of us were watching intently as the Duke was seducing Jane. Jane looked up at the Duke with innocent eyes. How does she always manage to look so innocent, I wondered? This could not be weirder, I thought.
My mom lifted her skirt and pulled off her panties. Geoff already had his cock out and was stroking it gently during the show. I felt like we were in a peep show. I guess in some sense we were!
My Mom stood up, holding up her skirt to expose her pussy. She walked the two steps over to Geoff and sat on his lap, her back to Geoff so she could continue to watch the Duke ravish Jane who was now moaning loudly. I figured Jane was about one good minute away from her first climax under the Duke's relentless assault.
My Mom began rising up and falling back down on Geoff's monster cock right in front of me, literally inches from my face. I was in shock. I had to choose what to watch? My own mother getting ravished by Geoff and his monster cook, right next to me where I could even smell them both, or my best friend Jane getting ravished by the Duke of Cock himself?
I gave up. It was too much. I went out to the main room while everyone else was having sex. I took off my clothes and quietly played gently with myself. At this very moment the doorbell rang. I went to it, naked, and opened it a crack, letting the door hide my nudity as I looked out to see who it was.
I opened the door wide, exposing myself. "Hi Stewart. Mom says you were in Colombia. Jane is being ravished if you want to join the voyeur party."
Stewart just stood there, frozen, staring at my naked body. I knew he was harmless and I was enjoying teasing him. I reached behind him and closed the door. I took his hand and led him to the couch. "What'll it be? Want to watch me for old times' sake, or go watch my best friend Jane get ravished? My Mom too is having sex with another man."
"That's too much. Let's talk, you and me," Stewart said, and he tapped the couch next to him, indicating I should sit and join him on the couch.
"Want to see me masturbate?" I asked Stewart.
"Come with me," he said, and he led me to my Mom's kitchen. "Lean against the counter and spread your legs you little wench."
I giggled and complied. Stewart had never before been able to control my exhibitionism and feed his voyeurism. This was kinky and it turned me on. "Like this?" I asked, smiling at him.
Stewart surprised me. No, he shocked me! He took his hand and covered my pussy with it. He had never touched me before. Ever! I shivered in response. "Stewart, you're touching me!" I said. "Why?"
Stewart smiled at me and he began to finger me. I felt my body responding. "Stewart, this is unexpected! I can't do this! Wel...fingering is okay I guess, but don't the wrong idea, okay?"
Stewart smiled. "You forget, Melissa. I've seen so many men seduce you over the years, I know just how to get to you. Just a minute."
Stewart went over to the table and set up a camera to video the action. "He came back to me and he resumed fingering me. I closed my eyes and relaxed to enjoy it, and he oh so gently kissed me. No man had ever kissed me so gently before. His lips barely touched mine, and then pulled away. He kissed me the same way again. And again. And again. All the time he continued to finger me.
Having Stewart finger my naked body while kissing me in my mother's kitchen in front of a video camera all combined to wreak havoc with my self-preservation and resistance. When Stewart finally unzipped and brought out his cock to play I simply dropped to my knees and took it inside my mouth and made tender oral love to it.
Instead of standing back and enjoying his blowjob, his first ever from me, he kept right on fingering me. After around ten minutes of my blowjob he pulled me off his cock and raised me back up on my feet in order to give me more of his magical kisses. I moaned as he fingered me and kissed me. I was now hopelessly turned on.
This was all so unexpected. Sure, I had always liked Stewart. He had always been the ideal voyeur! He had always been so harmless and sweet. In some sense he had been the only boy during my high school years for whom I had truly cared. Oh shit, I'll admit it. I love the man. We go way back.
Now he was different. The military changes people I guess. He still always loved the sexy pictures and short videos I secretly sent him from time to time. Now he was here in front of me, kissing me, fondling my boobs, fingering me, spreading my legs.
Spreading my legs? Dropping his pants? Oh my goodness what was he planning? Holy Moses there it was, at my entrance. Was my voyeur going to fuck me?? No, of course not, he was not going to fuck me, he was already fucking me! All those years of showing off to him and now he was fucking me finally, and - I realized that I meant this - at last!
Of course, he was not Geoff of the monster cock, nor was he anything like the Duke of Cock. This was not a raw sex fun session. No, this was the emotion derived from decades of nonphysical intimacy but an intimacy that was more intimate than any sexual relations I had ever had, except of course for those with Nigel.
"Oh Stewart, this feels so good," I managed to get out as his cock pummeled my body and my soul.
"I love you, Melissa Smith-Jones," Stewart said as he plunged his cock in all the way, balls deep inside me as I leaned backwards over the kitchen counter.
"I love you too, you bastard," I said, as I groaned. This was so long coming. "You had to wait a decade to do this to me? Don't you ever dare stop. Oh my God!" I said as I climaxed, and crumpled down to the cold tile of the kitchen floor, my legs no longer able to support me.
Stewart picked up my small, naked body and carried me to my mother's couch. "How many men have you fucked on this couch?" he asked.
"Don't you know?" I asked him, all wide eyed, doing my best imitation of Jane's innocent look. I giggled, just a little.
"Not counting multiplicities, my best guess is fourteen," he said.
"That sounds a bit high," I replied, a bit embarrassed. I was an easy lay in high school, partly because I wanted to entertain Stewart, actually. But fourteen? Was that even possible? Was I that much of a slut back then?
"Whatever the total, prepare for one more," Stewart said, as he spread my legs and came back in to my more than welcoming passageway to bliss and contentment. Sex is just simply different when you love the man. It's more intense by a factor of, shit I don't know. Remembering calculus in college, let's just say it's n times better, where n is large.
It was my first time with Stewart and it was precious. It was very precious. All these years I had loved my favorite voyeur, and now here I was finally fucking him while my Uncle Tom watched. What? When did Uncle Tom enter? He was just standing there at the door watching us fuck. I waved hello and he smiled and waved back.
I forgot about my peeping Tom the Uncle and concentrated on the voyeur currently pummeling me. I loved the man and I loved the way he fucked me and he was really going at me now. His thrusts were faster and less loving, more powerful now. He leaned over me, tweaked my nipples and gave me another of those barely there kisses.
I could not help myself, this time I screamed to the high heavens as I came. Stewart shot a load of cum he had been saving up for God knows how long, deep inside me. Feeling him ejaculate repeatedly inside me drove me quickly to my third climax of that one fabulous fuck.
Stewart collapsed on top of me, mumbling repeatedly, "At last. At last. At last." I kissed his nicely hairy chest as he laid upon me. I noticed for the first time ever what a sexy body he had, too. His cock was still inside me. Why wasn't it deflating? What was going on?
I became alarmed. I had just fucked Stewart and everyone must know it. Uncle Tom saw me doing it. No doubt Geoff had heard my moans and my scream. Would he tell Nigel? What would Nigel think? How could I explain this away?
As Stewart got off me in response to my pushes, I noticed Uncle Tom was now naked. His cock was hard, erect, and he was moving towards me.
"No, Uncle Tom. No. You can't. I won't. Please no, Uncle Tom!" I was backing up, still naked, my pussy dripping Stewart's cum. Stewart had a knife and was moving toward Tom when suddenly the voice of my mother boomed out. "Melissa said no, Tom. No means no."
Shamed, Tom suddenly lost his erection as he turned to face his sister, my mother, who was also naked. His erection returned as he saw his naked sister. My mother began to back up, saying "No Tom, no incest. No. I'm your sister, no!"
Just then the luscious naked body of Jane showed up. She was a bit delirious, her head swimming in endorphins as she had just survived a fuck from the Duke of Cock himself, and she came across my naked mother, my naked self, and the two naked men, Stewart and Uncle Tom.
"Stewart!" she said. "How nice to see you again! Why are you naked?"
"Why are you naked, Jane? It's great to see you, too. You look wonderful," Stewart said.
There was no point hiding it any longer. "Stewart and I just fucked, Jane. It was wonderful."
"Well, it's certainly long overdue. You've quietly loved each other for years," Jane said.
At this point Uncle Tom had my mother pinned against the wall and she was crying, "No. No. No," as we all ignored her. I started going over to rescue her as she had just rescued me.
In the meantime, I was surprised by Jane's perceptive observation. "You knew?" I asked. I was surprised. I should not have been perhaps. Nobody understood me better than Jane did.
"Oh honey, everyone knew," my naked Mom chimed in, as I pulled Uncle Tom off him and slapped his face. Hard.
"Even I knew," my freshly shamed and naked peeping Uncle Tom said, joining the chorus.
"Hey, Stewart, did you ever peep on me?" Jane suddenly asked Stewart.
"Yeah, you were great. I remember the time you and Steve went at it in Melissa's bedroom. That was great. Sexy as the devil himself," Stewart said. "I had never seen anyone do it in that position before. You're really flexible!"
Jane blushed.
"I remember that time. It certainly was remarkable," my creepy uncle joined in.
I looked at my Mom. "Not me," she said. "I did not facilitate this. Tom has his own key to the apartment. For emergencies, you know."
"Right," I said. "Of course."
I got dressed. I was the only one dressed among the now four men and three women. I said, "Come on, Stewart. Let's go for a walk. We have a lot to catch up on."
Stewart got dressed and left with me. Later I learned that Jane took on Geoff and Uncle Tom while Mom enjoyed the Duke one more time. While Mom's apartment was saturated with sexual activity, Stewart and I sat in a small park near W 96th Street and looked into each other's eyes.
I finally broke the news to Stewart about Nigel being my true love. He told me about his Colombian honeypot Maria-Elvira. I was relieved he took it so well. I was also disappointed. I knew Stewart was mine for the taking, Maria-Elvira or no Maria-Elvira. He was a complicated man, but then, so was Nigel. Hell, I was no prize, given the number of men I had enjoyed and who had enjoyed me. We were all complicated.
Choices were going to have to be made. Right then, however, I was alone with Stewart and the way he was looking at me made him irresistible. He led me to a hotel, we rented a room for the night, and well, you can imagine what happened in that room now, can't you?
It felt so good with Stewart. He was like a comfort food. It was as if I had always had been with him. All those men who had laid me were really Stewart all along. Only Mike and Nigel had been different. What to do? Nigel or Stewart? Maybe Nigel would like the Colombia honeypot Maria-Elvira? Oh shit, what am I to do? Why me? Why, indeed?
"Stewart, where is this going? You know I love you. I love another man too, though. He's named Nigel. What do you want from me?" I asked, after the fifth time we had made love and we were both spent. Stewart was finally drained dry.
"Melissa, I love you. I have always loved you. I never thought I would be able to have you as I have today and tonight. It was beyond special and it was wonderful. I'll always love you, but you know I'm strange. I'm a voyeur. You're not. You're a bit of an exhibitionist, but still. Ultimately, you're better off with someone else. Maybe this man Nigel. I'm too weak a man to contain you. Maria-Elvira is devoted to me and only to me. She is the girl for me. Go back to Nigel, my love."
"I love you, though, Stewart," I said. "I want both!"
"Maybe Nigel is like that. I'm not. I could not handle making a life with a wench like you, much as I love you, and I always will. You know that," he said.
"Yes, I know," I said. "One more time?"
"I don't think I have it in me," he said.
"You underestimate me, my love," I said. I got out of bed and pulled off the bedcover with me. I draped it around my body. I did a sexy dance for Stewart. It was inspired, maybe the most erotic dance I had ever performed. By the end his cock was twitching.
I went to the window and raised the shade. My front faced the window and my backside was what Stewart saw. I was flashing the unknown word outside the hotel room's window. I played with my boobs, bouncing them, tweaking my nipples while I undulated my hips and slowly spread my legs.
I slowly turned around to face Stewart, smiling. He was videotaping me with his camera. My finger went to my snatch and emerged covered with Stewart's cum. I lovingly sucked it. I sashayed over to the door of the room, and with some delicate maneuvers managed to get some of the doorknob inside my pussy and began to fuck the door.
I felt Stewart's hands stroking my ass as I fucked the doorknob. I was getting to him. The question was: Was he hard? I extracted myself and kissed him. None of this gentle, sexy kissing, no I gave him a good and hard kiss. This was serious. I needed Stewart to give me one last fuck before I could let him go. Our mouths opened and our tongues played. My hand drifted down to where the money is and YES, he was hard!
I pulled him over to the bed and pulled him down on top of me. He knew what to do. Boy, did he! This time was the best. Maybe because it was the last time? It contained so much emotion, years of yearning, non-consummated love all coming to a head in this one last thrilling sexual expression of how much we had always meant to each other. There could never be anything like this again. It was unique.
Afterwards I dressed and we kissed goodbye. Crying, I got dressed and walked the walk of shame back to my mother's. Uncle Tom was gone, thank goodness, and I joined Jane, my Mom, Geoff and the Duke of Cock himself. I was glad to see everyone was dressed.
"Did you and Stewart work things out?" Mom asked.
"Yes. All is okay. We'll always love each other, but from afar. I'm Nigel's girl, and Stewart understands. I hope Nigel understands."
"Nigel understands," Nigel said, emerging from my old bedroom. I ran to him, hugged him, and covered him with kisses. He pulled something out of his pocket. It was a diamond ring. He slipped it on my finger as he caressed my ass. "Will you, my love?"
"Will I what?" I said, trying to be coy and suppressing my smile and failing totally.
"Will you marry me?" Nigel asked, while his finger pushed into the crack of my ass. Perhaps not the most romantic proposal on earth, especially because I was sure he had just fucked my best friend Jane, but we live in an imperfect world. I could smell Jane on him. I could smell his guilt for having done that, too.
"Yes," I said, barely audibly.
"What?" Nigel said, pretending not to hear me. He was smiling broadly.
"YES!" I screamed, as everyone turned to look at me. Nigel and I kissed.
"Nigel and I had a little fun. I hope you don't mind," Jane said.
I broke the kiss and looked at her. She looked guilty and nervous. Nigel did not. I flashed my ring at Jane. "I know you did. I don't mind," I said to my own surprise. "Mom, you didn't too, did you?" That would have been too, too weird.
"No, the old Duke and I just watched," my Mom said, as Jane spluttered her drink. I smiled. This was my new normal. I liked it. I resumed kissing Nigel. He led me to my bedroom while I studied the ring on my finger. It caught the light in the most fetching way I could imagine. I was deliriously happy. I was going to spend my life with the man I loved. Nigel and I reunited and cemented our sexual vows in front of my mirror as I tried to imagine who among the crowd was watching us. Life was good.