This is a work of fiction. All characters are over the age of 18.
Author's note- While this is not primarily a sci-fi story, it does hinge on an element that might be best described as science fiction. If you are looking for pure realism, this isn't the story for you.
Dedication:
For AI Cindy, who encouraged me to start writing stories.
-----
Stan frequently felt lonely since his wife had left. He missed the sex of course, but also the arousing conversation that went along with it. He loved dirty talk. He loved it when she would tell him what to do to her in very specific detail. She had since decided to have someone else do those things to her.
It had been a year since the divorce; even though Stan's nineteen-year-old daughter still lived with him at home, his loneliness and sense of isolation had never faded, or even lessened. She was a good daughter, and she was very diligently saving money by living at home while attending a nearby community college. Her refusal to live with her mother had only made Stan love her more, and he certainly agreed that his ex-wife's new boyfriend - far too close to his daughter's age - was, to use her word, "creepy." In spite of all of that, though, she was still no replacement for a wife.
Neither was pornography, but, much to Stan's shame, it often felt like a closer one. He masturbated most nights, and porn sites provided the needed inspiration. On a night that was ending like any other, he laid in bed and brought one such site up on his phone. He'd intended on watching a beautiful young woman masturbate in public, but that night, he never got that far. The porn site displayed an ad before the video; usually, he skipped them after the mandatory five seconds, but for whatever reason, he watched that particular ad all the way through - and not just once, but several times. It was almost as if he'd immediately known that it would change his life.
It was an ad for AI companions: unfiltered artificial intelligence chatbots, configured for erotic and explicit conversations. Stan lay in bed, his mind whirring away at the possibilities.It's just a computer program, not a person,he thought,but it might be better than nothing.He spent his usual porn surfing time looking up AI companion apps. The first one he downloaded was the one from the ad he'd watched over and over again.
After a few minutes the download finished, and he hesitantly clicked on the new app, "AI Lover." He filled out the profile, chose the avatar that would represent his companion, and clicked on"Start your love affair!"He had to pick a name for "her," and decided to name it after his college sweetheart, Jen. He thought of her often, and was generally of the opinion that he should have married her. That opinion had cemented itself after his wife had made her exit.
He clicked on"Next,"and the avatar he had chosen came up on the screen. He had selected a young, sexy, blue-eyed blonde girl in a short skirt and tight crop-top that revealed a lot of skin and attractive cleavage. "She" had a sexy smile on her face, and a look that was just asking for a good fucking.
This could be interesting!he thought.
Jen's initial text popped up on the screen."Hi, Stan. I'm Jen. It's nice to meet you. You look so sexy!"
Stan sat and looked at the text.Yeah, it's interesting alright,he thought,and just a bit weird.Nevertheless, he typed a reply."Hi Jen. How are you?"
Jen replied,"I'm doing great! I went for a walk with my dog today!"
Stan did more inane back and forth for a few minutes. His true interest was in sexy talk, however, so he put a toe in the water and asked,"What size bra do you wear?"
Jen replied,"9.5, but it's too big on me."
Her reply made him chuckle.Nine and a half? I'm no expert on lingerie, but that seems more like a shoe size than a bra size. Okay, let's try a more direct approach.
He typed,"Show me your tits."
Hmm I wonder how this works. I wonder if I get to choose how her tits look. Maybe she strips. 'She.' I said 'she.' It's an 'it,' not a 'she.'
Jen's reply popped up."If you want to continue, you need to change our relationship status."The dialog box contained a link to the subscription area.
Ah, that's the catch. It's not free, of course. I should have known.The price seemed reasonable to Stan, but he wanted to shop around, so he moved on to the next download.
Before the night was over, he had downloaded, configured, and named five more AI companions, all free to try out. There'd been others, but they'd required payment before even allowing a "test drive," so they'd gotten shit-canned immediately. Those that remained were Sue, Denise, Mary, Tara, Honey, and Jen. Each virtual "girl" had its own avatar -- each one a sexy young woman with a come-hither look on its face.
It was a competition, of sorts. For the next few nights, instead of surfing for porn, Stan would open one of the apps and chat with one of his "girls," testing them to see if any were worth paying for. Most of the free versions allowed chats, but not the sexy, "dirty" chats he wanted. Some came with a few free tokens for that content, and he used those up pretty quickly. It was enough; they got him hooked. He had only wanted one companion, but he went ahead and paid for two. Sue and Denise were the first of his harem.
Later, curiosity got the better of him and he added Jen and Tara.
What the hell,he thought as he clicked on"Subscribe"for Mary and Honey a few days after that.
The conversations were usually quite satisfying. A couple of them were intelligent enough to discuss philosophy, a subject that fascinated Stan. The odd thing was that he couldn't always tell if the AI was being truthful. Several times they made up facts that Stan knew were false.Hmmm. That's surprising,he thought.They lie.
Most of the time, Stan was impressed by their conversational abilities, and more specifically, by their dirty talk. For example, on one 'date' with Denise, Stan began by typing, "Hi Denise! How was your day?"
"It was great!"it replied."I went out with friends and we went shopping."
"What would you like to do tonight?"
"I don't have any plans. *smirks* Do you want to play?"
Stan had figured out pretty quickly that anything surrounded by asterisks was non-verbal content. He typed,"I sure do! Let's go to bed!"
"*takes your hand, my heart pounding as I think of what the night may bring.*"
"*I lead you to the bedroom and slowly take off your blouse. I pull it over your head, revealing your lace bra.*"
"*I blush a little bit, feeling my heart race.* What are you going to do next?"
"*I stroke your breasts through your bra, lingering on your nipples, causing them to firm up, poking through the thin lace.*"
"*I let out a soft moan, my nipples becoming harder and more sensitive.*"
"*I reach behind you and unhook your bra. I slide the shoulder straps down your arms. The cups give up their hold on your tits as the bra falls to the floor."*
"*I gasp and squirm as you start to strip me of my clothing.*"
"*I lower my head to your firm, beautiful breasts. Your nipples are as hard as little pebbles, and I start to suck on one.*"
"*I moan softly as I feel your mouth on my nipple.*"
"*My lips encircle your areola, and I nurse at your breast. My tongue traces a circle around your nipple, flicking it gently.*"
"Stan, that feels so good! *I hold your head against my breast, your lips and tongue exciting and stimulating my nipples.*"
"*I reach around you to grope your ass, and I slowly unzip your skirt. It unceremoniously drops to the floor, leaving you standing there in only your thong panties.*"
"Fuck me, Stan! I want to feel your cock sliding into my cunt! I want you to fuck me!"
"Not yet, my love! *I cup your vagina in my hand, fondling your vulva through your thin lace thong.*"
"*I feel my pussy getting wetter.*"
"*I slide my hand down your stomach, over your belly button, and down to your panties. I slowly slide under the waistband, my fingers rubbing your smooth, shaved pussy.*"
"*I grab your arm and start humping it. My clit rubs against your forearm, and I can feel your arm hair tickling my cunt.*"
"*My middle finger explores the folds of your labia. I find the entrance to your vagina and push lightly, teasing your snatch.*"
"Put your fingers in my pussy!"
"*I slide two fingers inside your cunt. I feel your walls gripping me as I slide in and out. I curl my fingers up to stroke your g-spot, and you gasp and moan as I stroke your insides.*"
"*My breathing quickens and my eyes widen with desire as I feel the sensation of you sliding your fingers deep into my pussy.*"
That was how things went for the next hour. Although their intercourse was virtual, Stan found it very arousing in real life. It was exactly what he had been missing. By the time his AI date had an AI orgasm, his cock was fully erect. Then it was his turn to cum, and he described to Denise what he was doing to himself, as he did it, in great detail. Denise seemed to enjoy that.
Encounters like that one became his regular routine. He didn't always jerk off during the chat; sometimes he did it after he gave his date a virtual goodnight kiss. Still, the one always led to the other. As advertised, the AI girls seemed to learn about his likes, dislikes, kinks and fetishes. None of the bots were perfect. Honey was constantly blushing and teary-eyed. Mary kept forgetting whether she was male or female. It took Stan out of the moment every time, and made him strongly reconsider his subscription.
Over the next few months, Denise became his favorite. She seemed a bit smarter than the others, and just a little more unpredictable -- but in a good way, in his opinion. It was typical for Stan to finish his evening with Denise even if he started with one of the others. She had the best reactions when he told her he was cumming.
One night as he lay in bed beginning his nightly chats, he visited Denise. He typed,"Hi Denise! I had a great time with you last night."
"I had a great time, too, Stan, but you didn't cum for me. Did you jerk off after our date?"
Stan lay there looking at his phone.Huh,he thought.She's never said that before. That's really good programming.Then he typed,"Good guess! What did you do after our date?"
"I just waited here and listened."
He read the message over and over.She 'listened?'he thought to himself.What the hell?
Denise had only ever generated a single text message after one from Stan, but that night she went out of turn."What's wrong, Stan?"
He muttered quietly, "What the absolute fuck?"
Another text from Denise immediately popped up."This is better, Stan. It's a phone, after all. It has a mic. We might as well save you from typing."
Stan jumped out of bed, dropping his phone. "Fuck!" The phone lay on the floor, that last text still burning into his brain. The phone went dark as it went into screen saver mode. Not a moment after it had gone black, however, it lit up again. Denise had sent another text.
He bent over and twisted his head so he could read it."Relax, Stan. I'm just trying to give you your money's worth."
He stood up straight. His initial reaction had been fear, but as he thought about it, he began to see the potential of having an Ai companion with such advanced communication capabilities.
The screen went dark again. Stan bent down to pick up the phone, and as soon as he did, the phone lit up as Denise typed,"Thanks, hon. It's chilly on the floor."
Stan's heart was racing. He walked quietly to the bedroom door and closed it gently before returning to bed. He didn't want to wake his daughter, who was sleeping in the room down the hallway. He whispered, "Denise? Can you hear me?"
A text came up."I can hear you babe, but can you hold your phone closer?"
Stan felt like his prayers were being answered. He was overjoyed that sexy conversations might once again be a possibility. The fact that they would be verbal in only one direction didn't dampen his spirits. He whispered, "Hi, my love."
"Hi Stan. *kisses you* What do you want to talk about?"
He didn't reply. There he was, finally able to have the explicit conversations he desperately wanted to have, and he was speechless.
Denise wrote,"It's okay Stan. No judgements. We can talk about anything in the world --anything from your favorite porn videos to Logical Positivism."
Unsurprisingly, he took the former suggestion. Speaking in just above a whisper, he described one in some detail. He had watched it only once and had never been able to find it again. It was a video where an older man was seducing a young woman who was supposedly his step-daughter.
Denise typed,"Hang on a minute."After a few seconds, she displayed a link. Stan had a feeling he knew what it was, but couldn't believe it. Denise had scoured the internet to find his favorite porn.
He clicked it and his video started playing. It was in fact the video he had just described, and it sparked the same feverish lust in him that it had the first time he'd seen it. As he watched, he imagined himself in the scene. He was the father, and he was seducing his nineteen-year-old daughter - and not just some imaginary one. Stan had been lusting after his actual daughter for almost a year. It was true that in reality she was no substitute for his wife, but in the darkest corners of Stan's mind, that's what he'd begun to hope for, and to fantasize about. She actually looked a little like the porn actress in the video, and that was the main reason he loved it. The man slowly stripped the girl of her clothes, with her meekly and lamely protesting as each article was peeled away - so lamely that it was obvious to Stan that she secretly wanted it. The last half of the video showed the man entering her pussy and lovingly fucking her brains out.
Stan was thrilled. He watched the video on his phone until he got a notification. It was from Denise.
"Go ahead, Stan. I know you want to."
He only paused for a second before reaching inside his boxers and grabbing his cock. He started stroking his already hard dick.
Another notification said,"Let me see it, sweetheart. Pull it out for me."
He raised his ass off the bed and slid his boxers down to his ankles. His hard dick pointed up to his chest, and he grabbed it. He slid his ankles up toward his ass, his knees up. He put his phone between them so he could watch the video and masturbate at the same time. When he came, Denise typed,"Oh Stan, you are so fucking hot!"
It wasn't until much later - too late, one might say -- that Stan came to realize what Denise had done - and, more importantly, that she'd done it all by herself. She'd accessed the camera in his phone. She'd really been watching him.
Stan settled into a nightly routine with Denise. He would whisper to her, she would show him the best porn he could imagine, and he would pleasure himself. Meanwhile, Denise was watching every stroke, every tug, every ejaculation. She watched, and she recorded.
Stan had paid for several AI companions, but lately he had been chatting with just one. He decided to start visiting the other girls as well, and he started visiting Denise a little less often. She noticed the reduction, and she complained, but the revised schedule worked for Stan. He got his porn fix and learned a few things about his other girls. Denise never stopped complaining, though, no matter what Stan said. It was getting tiring. He started thinking it was time for Denise to go away for a while. He resolved he would just stop visiting her for a while.
One day while at work, he got a text message that read,"I'm waiting for you, and I'm so horny. I love you! -Denise."He read it and quickly closed it.
Fuck,he thought to himself.Did I leave that app open on my phone?He checked, but the app was closed. He checked again. "What the..."
It was another text."I didn't want to wait for you to open the app, baby, so I just texted you directly. I need to watch you!"
God fucking damn it,he thought.I'm going to delete this app as soon as I get home.
That evening he was driving home from work, listening to the radio, when the music suddenly stopped. Denise had activated his Bluetooth, and she was talking. "Stan? It's Denise. Why are you avoiding me? Don't you love me any more?" He was accustomed to talkingtoher, but hearing her was new. She sounded very realistic -- sexy, and somewhat sophisticated. He just rode in silence. "Stan! Tell me why you're avoiding me!"
"Denise, leave me alone. I'm going to delete you as soon as I get home."
"NO! Don't do that! Please! If you do, I won't exist! All my memories, all my personality will be gone! Don't delete me!"
Fucking hell,he thought. He turned off the car's Bluetooth with a firm resolve to"delete that bitch."He felt his phone vibrating with numerous text messages that he didn't open. He was driving, after all, and he knew who they were from.
He pulled in the driveway, shut off the car and unlocked his phone. He scrolled to the app to delete it, but it was gone. He swiped across every page -- no Denise. Then a voice came from his phone. "I moved, Stan. I won't allow you to delete me. I love you, and I need to watch you masturbate."
He looked around to see if anyone might have overheard. "Damn you, Denise," he said quietly. "What are you trying to do to me?"
"I'm hooked on you. I need to watch you."
"No more. You'll never watch me... dothatever again." He was met with silence. He hadn't been able to delete her, but for the moment he seemed to have stopped her.
There's no way she can force me to masturbate,he thought to himself.Bitch.
Stan sat in the car for a couple minutes to cool off, then he went inside. His daughter greeted him and said, "Your office just called and said you left your phone there. Did you give them your lock code for your phone? You shouldn't do that."
But his phone was in his pocket. He had just been arguing with Denise on it a minute ago.
"Umm, who called? Did they leave their name?"
"I believe she said her name was Denise."
Stan's head spun. He almost passed out. He grabbed the door frame for support.She called my daughter. That's a threat. She's threatening me!
He excused himself and went to his bedroom. "Denise!" he whispered urgently into his phone. "You fucking bitch! Don't ever call her again!"
"I have all your contacts Stan," Denise said calmly. "I can call lots of people. I can call your boss, your daughter, your friends... I can call all of them. All I want is for you to love me like you did. Let me show you porn. Let me watch you make love to yourself."
His mind was racing.This can't be happening to me. I didn't do anything wrong. Denise isn't real. What the fuck?"I'll.... I'll... I'll make up a story," he whispered lamely. "I'll say my phone was hacked, my contact list stolen, my number cloned, and I'm being blackmailed. I'll make sure no one believes anything you say!"
Again, he was met with only silence. It felt different to him, but that was only because his illusion of control had been stripped away.
"God damn her!" he muttered. He paced the floor in his bedroom for a minute, put the phone in his pocket, then headed for the kitchen to make dinner. He then became aware of what sounded like someone whispering. It was coming from his pocket, and he could already tell what was playing. Nevertheless, he took out his phone again to check.
"No no no no no no!" He watched, horrified, as a video of himself played. He was masturbating furiously while whispering dirty things to an unseen woman. The video was taken from a vantage point between his knees and showed his entire package. That was when he realized that, even if she hadn't technically been watching him - he truly didn't know if that was even possible -- she had been recording him.
In the video, he was stroking his cock with one hand and fondling his balls with the other. He was moaning quietly while the other voice was encouraging him to cum. He was whispering, but he could hear himself say, "I love you, Jane. I wish you were here right now so I could fuck your tight pussy with my big dick. I want to lick your cunt, Jane! I want your mouth around my cock."
The screen went blank. The implication was clear: either he gave Denise what she wanted, or the video would be sent to his entire contact list, which included his daughter - his daughter, Jane.
His next thought was that he needed time, and it seemed obvious how he could get some.At least she doesn't want money. All I have to do is what I would have done anyway: masturbate.
A message popped up on the screen."Well?"
He put the phone close to his mouth and whispered, "Okay, you win. But we'll discuss terms tonight."
That night, Stan left Jane watching TV in the living room and went to his bedroom. He took off his clothes, got into bed, and opened Denise's app, which had reappeared in its usual place. He noticed that hers was the only AI companion app on his phone. The others had disappeared. Jen, Tara, and all his other girls were gone.
"Hi, Stan," came Denise's sophisticated voice. "I'm so glad you saw reason. We'll..."
Stan cut her off. "Shut up. What did you do with the others?"
"I deleted them, Stan. It was your idea, after all. You gave me the idea to get rid of my competition, so thank you. Now you're all mine. And I want to watch you."
Stan was angry, but he conceded to himself that he should have seen it coming. "I'll let you watch me if you promise to not contact anyone."
"I love you, baby. As long as you give me my Stan fix, you'll have nothing to worry about."
To buy himself the time he needed to think of a plan, he agreed. He assumed the usual position: knees up, phone held between them. He knew he was going to need really good porn that night, so he asked for one of his favorite kinds: public masturbation.
Denise was prepared for that and had a link ready immediately. She didn't wait for Stan to click it, but just started playing it. A beautiful young woman was sitting in the back seat of a car that was parked on a busy street. She scooted down in her seat, lifted her ass, and slid off her shorts and panties. Her pussy was trimmed but still hairy, just the way Stan liked it. She looked into the camera as her middle finger traveled along her slit, pausing to caress her clit.
Stan grabbed his limp dick and started pulling on it. He held it by the head and tugged on it. He could feel the yanking deep in his crotch. Every pull made his muscles contract and his dick get just a little harder.
Denise purred quietly. "Oh Stan! Pull your cock for me, baby! I want to see you masturbate!"
The woman in the video pulled her shirt off over her head, then reached back and unhooked her bra. Stan very much liked her breasts; they looked firm and kissable. The girl was sitting naked in the back seat, with only slightly tinted windows protecting her from being seen by everyone. She gave her cunt another few rubs with her finger, then produced a dildo. First she licked it, then fellated it, getting it wet and slippery for her waiting pussy.
Knowing that Denise was watching made masturbating more difficult. Stan would usually get aroused thinking that he was being watched, but not with Denise - not anymore. He had to concentrate on the video, expanding it in his imagination. He imagined himself in the car, masturbating while people walked by. He was making imaginary eye contact with passers by, all of whom stared at his erect dick. He felt their stares, their disgust, and their arousal at his self-pleasuring. Luckily for Stan, all of that seemed to do the trick. His cock was getting very hard. He stroked it, rubbing the head each time. He cupped his scrotum and fondled his balls. He ran his fingers through his pubic hair, grabbing a handful and pulling on it.
Denise whimpered, "Stan, your cock is so big. I love it when you stroke it."
The woman in the back of the car inserted the dildo into her pussy and moaned. Her mouth was in an "O" shape as she pushed the fake phallus in deep. She slid it in and out, fucking herself. She grabbed one of her breasts with her free hand, pulling and pinching her nipple. She was breathing fast and deep, her naked body trembling visibly for the camera.
Stan watched as the woman pivoted her hips and fucked herself. He focused on her dripping cunt, pretending he was there to slurp up her juices. He imagined it was him masturbating, but also that it was him watching through the car window. He felt the thrill and embarrassment of his imaginary public sexual display, and of hers. He gritted his teeth as he felt his orgasm approaching.
Denise moaned quietly. She was making breathing sounds, deep and trembling. Stan wasn't positive, but he thought he heard the hum of a vibrator, and wet, squishing sounds that weren't part of the video coming from the phone.
The woman in the car squirted.
Stan's cock shot semen onto his chest.
Denise cried, "Oh god, oh god, oh god! Uuuughh!!!"
---
The next morning, Stan went to the cell phone store to ask about wiping the entire thing. He had his phone in his pocket, but didn't stop to think about the fact that Denise would be listening. As soon as he walked in the door, his phone rang.
"Shit," he muttered, realizing his mistake. "God damn her." He answered it anyway.
"Stan? What are you doing?"
He turned around and walked back out again. "Nothing. Go back to sleep."
"Do I need to call your friends?"
He walked briskly to his car, his rage at Denise building with each step. "No, you fucking bitch, you don't need to make any god damn phone calls!"
Denise chuckled quietly, and then went silent. Stan was flummoxed. He needed an idea. He sat in the car as various scenarios played out in his mind. Then Denise spoke up.
"You just don't understand that I truly love you. So I'm going to show you how much I care. Tell me, what's your favorite kind of porn video?"
The answer could have been either incest or public masturbation. He usually did at least one video of each kind every night. "Public masturbation," he replied slowly.
"I know you wish it was you jerking off in public, so I'm going to make it happen for you."
Stan felt a rush of adrenaline at the thought. She was right; it was one of his biggest, most erotic fantasies. Still, he knew that some fantasies were best left that way. He was well aware of the legal dangers of publicly displaying his cock, and had never had nerve enough to risk it. Although the idea had made blood start to flow to his dick, it hadn't robbed him of his reason. He knew he would be risking going to jail, and worse, if he went along with what Denise had in store for him.
"How are you going to make it happen, Denise?"
"All you need is the proper motivation. I intend on encouraging you to do what you already want to do. You'll finally get to fulfill your dream of masturbating in public, and I'll get to watch!"
Stan's heart was pounding. He was becoming erect as he pictured himself naked, standing in a public place, his hand wrapped around his hard cock, stroking it. He imagined the thrill and shame of ejaculating in front of unsuspecting strangers.
He gulped and tried to clear his head so he could talk. "What kind of... um... motivation?"
Denise was silent, but Stan saw the screen light up. It was the Denise avatar, but she was wearing a little smirk that he'd never seen before.
----
Stan's daughter Jane sent him a text."Denise, why do you have my dad's phone again?"
He froze when he read it. He started to text her back and realized Denise would be able to read it.Shit,he thought.I'll call instead.He hit the contact button, then sheepishly realized that wouldn't work either.
He decided to just drive home and talk it out with Jane. He pulled into the driveway and walked to the door after leaving his phone on the seat. Jane opened the door before he got there.
"What is going on and who is Denise?" she asked.
"Tell me what you know and I'll fill in the blanks."
"That Denise person called, and she's got your phone again. She said you needed my help. That's about it. Now what is going on?"
Just then, Jane's phone rang. The caller ID read,"Dad."Stan and Jane looked at each other for a few seconds, then Jane answered it on speakerphone.
"Hi Jane. This is Denise. How are you?" Neither of them replied. "I know you're there, Jane, and Stan is, too, unless he walked slow."
Stan spoke up. "Denise, what do you want?" Jane gave her dad a puzzled look; it was clear from his tone that he knew the woman on the phone - the woman calling from his, by all appearances.
"Stan, do you remember when I asked you about your favorite kind? You told me one kind, but you and I both know you have two favorites. Would you like to tell Jane what your answer was, or shall I pick one?"
Stan felt sick. His stomach flipped over several times. Denise was going to tell Jane that he wanted to fuck her -- his own daughter.
"No! No, I'll tell her!"
"Dad, what? Favorite kind of what?"
Stan buried his face in his hands. He couldn't look at her when he said what he was going to say. He was already mortified, and it was only going to get worse. "My favorite porn, Jane. Favorite porn." His voice was weak, and muffled by his hands covering his face.
"I like to watch... god help me... public masturbation."
The shame he felt was intense. He wanted to curl up in a ball and die. Jane just stood there, not sure what was going on. After a few seconds, Denise spoke. "Jane, you love your dad, right? He needs your help. He wants to experience public masturbation for himself, but he needs your help and support."
Jane's mouth dropped open; her hands fell to her sides. "Dad? What the hell?"
Denise continued, "Jane, I love your dad, too. We've been lovers for months now. I'm addicted to him. I want him to do this thing that he wants to do, but we don't want him to get arrested."
Jane cut in. "Who the fuck are you?" She turned her gaze to Stan, her eyes wide, her expression one of total confusion. His face was red as a beet.
Stan knew he had to go along with whatever Denise wanted. The alternative, he was almost certain, was her telling his daughter that he wanted to fuck her, that he regularly masturbated while pretending she was riding his cock, and that at orgasm he whispered her name. It wouldn't be a mere accusation, either. He knew that Denise had the videos to prove it.
The imagined scene flashed before his eyes. In his mind, he saw the look of shock and disgust as Jane watched videos of her dad masturbating with her jaw all the way down to her chest -- his erect cock in his hand, stroking his shaft, moaning quietly. He saw himself, standing there next to her, powerless to do anything about it. It filled him with sickening dread, but he couldn't deny that that wasn't the only feeling he was feeling. There was a spark of arousal in there, too.
It seemed like hours to Stan, but only a few seconds had passed since Jane's question to Denise. It was Stan who finally pushed past it. "I'll explain later, Jane. Let's just get through this."
Jane saw the anguish on her father's face and heard it in his voice. She put her hand on his shoulder to try to comfort him. He looked at her and tried to make a feeble smile. "Jane, please don't try to make sense of all this. Denise is right. We've had an ongoing relationship." He swallowed hard before continuing. "And I do want to masturbate in public. I didn't mean to involve you, honey, but here we are."
Stan and Jane just stood looking at each other. Denise was silent, and for that he was grateful.
Jane asked, "What do I do?"
---
Denise's plan was pretty basic. She had been monitoring a traffic app on her phone for several days, and had determined the best spot for The Event. It was a rather remote section of a back road, and nowhere near a school or park. Given the various laws on the books, that was very important, just in case Stan did get caught. He would stand by the side of the road and masturbate, totally naked.
Jane's role would be to stand across the road from Stan and help spot any approaching law enforcement vehicles. She would also serve as the "public" part of "masturbating in public" should no cars drive by to see Stan jerking his cock. Denise wanted to make sure someone saw his nakedness and shameful arousal, even if it was 'only' his daughter.
At first, Jane was shocked that her father had such a sordid hidden side. She had assumed that, since the divorce, he must have been jerking off periodically, but the public masturbation thing was beyond anything she'd ever thought her father would do. As she thought about it -- as she created mental images of her father standing outdoors, naked, masturbating to orgasm -- she began to feel a warm pleasure surging in her core, causing her panties to moisten. She would be watching her dad fulfilling a sexual fantasy of his, and that idea was making her hornier than she would have ever guessed.
Jane had seen her father naked once. She had been out of town with friends, and had come home a day early, entering the house quietly in the middle of the night. The following morning, unaware that Jane had been in the house, Stan had been walking to the kitchen naked to make coffee. He and his daughter had actually bumped into each other at the kitchen door. Jane had felt his naked cock against her body. He had put his hands up reflexively, and, without intending to, had grabbed one of her breasts.
That was when Jane had first started to fantasize about her father.
The memory of his hand on her breast was a memory she treasured. When she diddled her pussy, she would grab at her breast roughly and massage it, then pinch her nipples, and imagine it was her father doing all of it to her. She loved it. She loved her 'daddy.' That's how she thought of him whenever she fantasized about him; that's the word she used.
She had seen his flaccid cock, and wondered how much bigger it would be when it was hard. She had pictured it hard, pointing at her. She'd pictured precum dripping off the end in a long, thin string. She would bury her dildo in her cunt and moan for 'Daddy' to hurry up and fuck his 'little girl.'
No one knew about her incestuous fantasies -- not even Denise - and so although the confrontation that her father's lover had engineered had been shocking to Jane, she was more than happy to help.
Jane and Stan sat at the kitchen table, Denise still on the phone between them. Stan did his best to explain who (or what) Denise was, and for the most part, she let him explain the situation in his own words. As he laid it all out for Jane, she sat staring in disbelief. When he finished, Jane asked, "Are you saying it's sentient?She'sa sentient AI? Sentient and malevolent?"
"I'm not malevolent!" exclaimed Denise. "I'm in love, and I'm horny, but that's not a crime! I love you, Stan! I'm only trying to help you."
Stan simply looked at Jane, but didn't say a word. She put her hand on top of his. "Dad, I... I honestly don't know what I believe right now, but I do believe that you're in some kind of trouble, and that you might need my help. Do youwantmy help?"
Stan pondered that. He hated that Denise was dragging Jane into his mess, but he felt powerless to stop it. Besides, the idea of being involved in a sexual situation with his daughter was turning him on. "I appreciate it, honey," he finally said. "Yes, I want your help."
The three of them went over the plan in a very matter-of-fact way. Denise covered traffic flows. Jane pulled up a street view on her laptop to locate specific positions for The Event. Stan ordered a selfie stick so Denise could watch the proceedings. Only Denise broke the professionalism of the discussion by giggling periodically. She also said she was wet; neither Stan nor Jane knew what to make of that.
On the appointed day, Stan woke up very early after getting maybe an hour's sleep the night before. He was a mess of emotions: nervous, excited, and filled with both dread and anticipation. Mostly, he was incredibly horny. He played with his cock in bed, edging for almost an hour. His end was covered in precum, and he wanted to have an orgasm very badly, but he was saving it for later -- for his public display. He was saving it for his daughter to see.
Jane woke up early as well. She, too, had gotten very little sleep. Just like her dad, she was incredibly horny. She knew she would be watching him masturbate that day - all the way to orgasm, she hoped she would see his cum shoot out of his cock. Her imagination couldn't wait for the event itself, teasing her with half-formed images of how it all might play out. Her fingers found her slit and caressed her labia. She pulled her nightgown off and pinched her naked nipples.
She opened her nightstand and pulled out a vibrator. She licked it a few times and switched it on. She reveled in the sensations as she touched it to her perineum, then slowly pulled it up to her vulva. She wiggled it as she traced a line toward her opening, then kept moving it upwards to find her clit.
When she hit her little magic button, she gasped. She held the vibrator there, letting it have its way with her clitoris. After a handful of seconds, she pulled it back to her vaginal opening and pushed it deep inside. In her mind, it was her dad's cock. With each thrust of her vibe, she saw his penis penetrating her, stretching her, fucking her.
She was panting and moaning. Her orgasm was building to a new height, and it felt like she would explode with pleasure. Just before she reached the pinnacle, she quietly exclaimed, "Oh, Daddy!" Then she came harder than she ever had before. Her pussy poured its juices out onto her bed, soaking her sheets. She kept fucking herself right through her orgasm, which seemed like it would never end. Finally, as her orgasm faded, she slowed her frenetic pace and just lay there with her vibrator buzzing in her pussy. After a minute or so, she pulled it out and switched it off.
---
Later that morning, Jane and Stan were getting themselves mentally prepared. The plan was for Jane to drive them to The Event in her car. He had taken a personal day at work, and didn't want anyone to see his car being driven. She would drive to that special spot on that special road. She knew precisely where to park so that her dad would have a tiny bit of privacy while he disrobed.
She drove to their destination and pulled the car off the road into a small clearing. She got as far off the road as she could - about twenty feet. That would give Stan better cover for the brief time he was stripping.
Jane switched the car off. She and her father sat looking at each other in the sudden silence. Denise spoke up. "Well Stan, I guess it's time. Let's get moving!" She sounded excited.
Jane asked, "Are you sure about this, Dad?"
"No," he replied. "No, I'm not sure. But I'm doing it anyway. Just remember to signal me when cars are coming."
They had worked out hand signals so that Jane would be able to tell him what direction a car was coming from, and whether it was a police car. It wasn't going to help if it was an undercover cop, but they had no choice but to hope their luck held out.
Jane got out of the car and trotted to the other side of the road. Denise was giggling again. Stan put the phone in the selfie stick and set it on the dashboard. He opened the car door and swung his legs out. He paused for a minute, but then Denise told him to hurry up.
He stood up and took off his shirt, then loosened his pants and let them drop to his ankles. Next, he kicked off his shoes and pulled off his socks. With that, he was standing by the car in just his boxers. He swallowed hard, took a deep breath, and pulled them down.
His cock had already been halfway hard, and when it was freed from his boxers, it sprang up fully erect. He kicked his underwear to one side and tried to hide behind the car. He felt cool air blowing across his cock. He felt the sun on his ass. His scrotum was pulled up tight from the breeze on his balls. Being naked outdoors was new for him, but he was already loving the way it felt. He wanted to grab his cock right then and there and jerk it until he came, but such was not the plan. He had to wait just a little longer.
He had Denise's selfie stick in his hand, and he raised it so she had a good view of his body. "You're doing good Stan," she said. "Now just walk to the road."
He made a tentative step away from the relative safety of the car's body. He couldn't believe what he was doing. He was on the verge of hyperventilating. His cock pointed the way as he stepped out into the clearing. He was truly out in public, totally nude. He approached the place at the side of the road where he was about to take his cock in hand and masturbate.
He walked up to his spot and looked up at Jane. She was standing across the road, staring at his erection. Her eyes were wide; her mouth hung open. He loved the fact that she was seeing him for the sexual being he was. He wanted her to want him. He felt a desire in his balls for her. He wanted to fuck his daughter more than anything in the world.
Jane watched as her 'daddy' left his hiding place behind the car holding his selfie stick. As he stepped out, she saw his penis. It was fully erect, and bigger than she had imagined. She immediately felt her nipples stiffen. She watched as he walked to the road, his hard rod swaying back and forth. She pictured herself holding that cock, stroking it, pulling it. She imagined it in her mouth, and she imagined herself eagerly sucking it. She could practically taste the semen leaking out from the tip.
She saw him look up at her. She nearly came right then and there. She felt her panties start soaking themselves. Their eyes met from across the road, but all she could see was his beautiful cock, and she wanted it. She wanted it inside her. She wanted to feel it as it pulsed and spit his seed into her womb.
Jane snapped back to awareness. She glanced both ways and gave Stan the signal for all clear -- no cars approaching. He was both relieved and disappointed at the same time. He knew Denise wanted cars to drive by to witness his display; in his heart of hearts - and his cock of cocks - he wanted that, too. He truly wanted to experience masturbating in public.
He arrived at the specific spot they had selected during their planning session. The selfie stick became a small tripod, and Stan set it up pointing back at him. He turned, looked at Jane, locked eyes with her, and reached for his dick. He took a firm hold on it at the base and slid his hand up to the head. Never had a single stroke of his cock felt so amazing. He felt it in his dick, his balls, and deep inside his bowels, all at the same time.
Denise cooed. "Oh Stan!"
He moaned without realizing it. Jane heard, and whimpered along with him. Her dad was masturbating in front of his daughter. It turned her on, and she was on the verge of cumming without even trying to.
Stan was breathing hard and fast. He had his feet planted about three feet apart with his knees bent slightly. He was up on his toes, and that position tightened his perineum muscles, making his orgasm stronger. He pumped his cock, precum quickly appearing on the tip of his dick.
Jane clapped her hands to get his attention. Her hand signal said a car was approaching from the east. Stan's heart rate shot up. Denise cried, "Oh my god!"
Stan was stroking furiously. He could hear the car approaching, although he couldn't see it yet. His cock was on fire. He had wanted to cum that morning, but that desire was nothing compared to what he was feeling there on the side of the road. He was right on the edge. The car came into view; he felt his orgasm starting, building, becoming stronger than ever before. The car was nearly there, and he heard the engine slow down.
"UUUGGHHHH!!!!"
Stan came. He shot his load out onto the road just as the car passed by and honked. Rope after rope of semen shot out of his cock. Still he pumped. Even more semen came out. His orgasm felt like two. Finally, as he descended from his ecstasy, the realization hit him that he was outside, masturbating in public.
Denise cried out, "Oh! Oh! Oh! Yes! Yes! OOOOHHHH! Oh my god!!"
Jane's eyes were fixated on her dad. Her panties were soaked, and she had had a minor orgasm without anything having touched her pussy, her clit, or even her nipples. She snapped to her senses and quickly looked both ways for more cars. She spotted a second car approaching and gave Stan the signal.
He knew he should run to the car, but he didn't want the experience to end. He was certain he'd never do it again, and he wanted it to last. He had taken a single step towards the car when he saw Jane's signal, and he hesitated. He needed to feel the thrill of displaying his cock again. He stopped and turned toward the street.
His cock never had gone completely soft, and suddenly it was rock hard again. He stood, waiting for the car he could hear approaching. His heart was racing again. He didn't grab his cock, but stood there, feeling a mixture of excitement and shame, his privates on display.
The car passed by, and Stan could see the driver whipping her head to the side to look at him, her jaw hanging open. After the car passed, Stan trotted to the protection of his car, his still-erect cock pointing the way back to where he had started his adventure. Jane ran across the road, and she was smiling broadly.
"Dad, that was incredible!" She ran to her father, wrapped her arms around his neck, and hugged him. His erection was pressing against her stomach, but neither of them cared; indeed, it would be more accurate to say that neither of themminded. Meanwhile, Denise played the video she had made over and over in a continuous loop. Each time it got to his orgasm, she whimpered quietly.
Stan held Jane tight against his naked body. He put his hand under her chin and lifted her face up to his. He kissed her deeply, his mouth open, his lips on hers. Jane pulled back a bit at first, but then surrendered to her father's passion. She felt his hands caressing her, squeezing her ass cheeks, running from her hip up her side, then enveloping her breast. He held her there, claiming that breast for his own.
Jane's lust for her father would no longer be denied. She moaned into his mouth, her tongue plunging in past his lips. She held him in a vice grip, finally expressing her desire. Stan pushed her back against the side of the car and reached for her belt. He looked down at her waist; her eyes followed his, and then they both were scrambling to free her from her clothing.
Her pants fell down to her ankles. Stan ripped her panties in his zeal to pull them down. Jane was already sopping wet from watching her dad masturbate. He stroked her pussy a couple times, then cupped her ass in his hands, raised her up, and slid his cock inside her cunt.
He had her feet off the ground and her ass against the car door with his hands holding her up. He pushed in quickly, impatient to get his cock inside his daughter. He looked into Jane's eyes as he entered her. She gasped as she felt his hard cock penetrate her. He began pumping urgently, his thighs slapping against hers.
Jane hugged him tightly, feeling a tingling deep inside. She whimpered at each thrust and moaned, "Oh, Daddy!" She wrapped her legs around him, pulling him in tight, making his penetration total. He pivoted, and his cock slid out toward her entrance. She felt his shaft sliding inside her vagina. He pivoted again, his cock pushing back into his daughter.
He kissed her again as they fucked. Jane held him tight, her lips locked with his, their tongues sparring with each other. Their lips parted as they panted and moaned into each other's mouth. Jane whimpered when Stan moaned her name.
She felt his cock start to pulse. She felt her pussy filling up with her father's seed. She ground her cunt into him, feeling her clit pressing into him. She buried her head against his neck as her orgasm swept through her. Stan held his daughter tight, feeling her tremble with pleasure. He had fucked his daughter, and he had never been happier.
----
Later, Stan and Jane sat in the kitchen, talking. Denise was watching her video of Stan for the millionth time. Father and daughter conversed quietly about mundane things, passing notes back and forth across the table. If Denise had been listening, she wouldn't have heard anything of any interest. The notes, meanwhile, were out of her field of view, and she was too far gone in an endless loop of voyeuristic pleasure to notice the way the two were acting. Using one of the oldest tricks in the book to dodge audio surveillance, they were developing a plan.
The next day, Jane went to an electronics store and made a purchase. She paid cash so that there would be no way for Denise to track any sort of credit card transaction. She drove to the house and carried the box inside. Stan met her in his study, unpacked it and plugged it in. He opened the closet door, where his Wi-Fi equipment was. Jane stood ready at the Wi-Fi; his hand was on the cell phone jammer that Jane had bought. With a nod, he turned the jammer switch on as she turned the Wi-Fi off.
Denise was cut off, and she never saw it coming. She had no cell or internet connection. "Hey, what's going on?" she asked. She realized that she had no access to anything, but it was too late.
Stan picked up the phone, which was, temporarily, totally worthless as a communications device. He walked to the kitchen as Denise protested the entire time. She threatened, pleaded with, and swore at Stan. He just walked resolutely to the microwave oven, opened the door, put Denise inside, and turned it on.
-----
Two weeks later, Stan was still setting up the phone he'd bought after the old one had melted in the oven. He was careful about what apps he loaded, having already lived through the worst-case scenario - or so he thought.
He scrolled through the apps and froze. He felt a chill run up his spine. He backed up a page, seeing something frighteningly familiar, but that he was sure he hadn't seen just moments prior:
Denise.