Copyright © 2022 : Rae Finley, All Rights Reserved
This work may not be published under any circumstances without this copyright.
*****
I stopped at his voice and turned around questioningly.
"I was going to change..."
I gestured to the shower stall with my thumb and he shook his head as he leaned back against the now closed locker.
"Just change here."
I frowned and glanced around nervously. He wanted me to change in front of him? Granted he'd already seen most of me but still it felt awkward.
"I can't just change in front of you, that's weird!"
He laughed and rolled his eyes playfully.
"It's nothing I haven't seen princess. But if it'll make you feel better I'll wait in the hall."
He turned and walked towards the door and I waited until I was sure he was outside before quickly changing out of my clothes and into the uniform. It was still pretty baggy on me but it fit for the most part. The only bad thing was the pants were way too long and I bent down to roll them up quickly.
Then I folded up my clothes and stopped at the mirror to pull my hair up into a ponytail before walking out. I ran straight into Victor's back as I walked out and found him standing right in front of the door.
"What the fuck?"
I cursed as I ran into him and he caught me before I could fall over. I looked up and found him smirking at me as he helped me steady myself.
"Quite a mouth you've got there."
I quickly put my hand over my mouth and blushed with embarrassment. I usually was better about watching what I said, there weren't many people who actually knew how often I swore. He glanced me over and nodded approvingly.
"Better. I still think those shoes might cause you problems but I don't have anything I can do for that."
I glanced down at my heels and then back up.
"That's alright I think I have other ones in the car. I have to grab the keys though, I'll meet you back downstairs."
Victor nodded and turned back towards the stairs while I hurried down the hall towards my father's office. He looked up when I walked in and glanced at my clothes in surprise.
"Liliana, you changed."
"Yes, Victor found me an extra uniform. Said I'd be better off wearing something that wouldn't matter if it got ruined. Can I have the keys? I need to get my running shoes out of the trunk."
"Did he now? Good man and of course here you go. And please apologize to him for me would you? I think I might've been a little rash in my judgement this morning."
"Sure, I'll see you later."
He nodded and I hurried back downstairs happy that my father realized he was a good person. I grabbed the shoes out of the trunk and changed quickly before setting the heels and my other clothes in the back seat. Then went back inside and down to the garage. I found all of them at their same stations and Tommy grinned as he looked me over.
"Damn girl you even look hot in our uniform."
I blushed and nodded in thanks as I made my way back over to where Victor was working. He glanced up and looked me over quickly.
"Great, now you're ready to work, c'mere."
I walked over and watched carefully as he started pointing out various tools and their names. It took a minute of him testing me by then picking up a random one and asking what it was and correcting the ones I got wrong before I was able to remember most of them.
"Good job princess. Now I'll show you how to change a tire. I already swapped out one, so you're going to watch me do one, then you'll do one with my help, and you'll do the last one yourself while I watch."
"Sounds good, oh I forgot to tell you. My dad wanted me to apologize for this morning. He said he misjudged you."
Victor's eyes widened in surprise then he smiled slightly.
"Well that's nice of him, but he really should have said it himself."
I agreed and he shrugged it off and we got to work. I watched him do the first tire and was shocked with how quickly he was able to get it replaced knowing there was no way I would be able to do the same. Then he handed me the tool and we started on the next one.
He was a surprisingly good teacher and I only had real trouble with lifting it off and lifting the new one on. Then he watched as I got the last one switched on my own and as I finished I stepped back and looked at it before looking back at him.
"Did I get it right?"
He looked it over and tested a few of the nuts to make sure they were tight enough before nodding and grinning.
"You did. Nice work princess."
I grinned up at him before looking around eagerly.
"What's next?"
"Eager are ya?"
Victor chuckled as he looked at me. I nodded and he grinned and gestured me over as he opened the hood. We spent the next little while doing another quiz session on the various engine parts before he took me to the car Carl was working on and showed me how everything could be rearranged depending on the type of vehicle. Carl grinned and patted me on the back with a grin.
"Damn Vic, she's doing great. Might just put one of us out of a job."
Victor and I both laughed and I grinned up at Victor gratefully.
"You know I've never been good with manual work like this, but it's been easy with you teaching me."
Victor chuckled and shook his head.
"Nah, I didn't do anything, this was all you. Now c'mon we're going to pull our car out and bring in a new one."
We both got into the car and he drove it out of the garage before parking it nearby and turning towards me with a smile.
"I meant what I said princess. You've impressed me, I didn't think you'd even take this seriously."
I frowned and crossed my arms over my chest defensively.
"Why did you assume that?"
Victor sighed and leaned his head back against the headrest, tossing his hands up.
"I dunno, you just seem like... you know... that type."
"What type? You don't know a damn thing about me. You're just judging me on how I look and who my father is."
"You're right, I don't. So why don't you tell me."
My eyes widened in surprise.
"Tell you what?"
"More about yourself."
I stared at him for a minute trying to think of what to tell him before starting talking.
"Well I'm twenty-one. My dad is in business, as you know, and my mom passed away when I was little. I'm in college right now, studying graphic design, but I'm off for the summer. Which is why my dad's having me stay with him. I like to read, paint, draw, run, swim and... that's pretty much it I guess."
He chuckled and shook his head.
"I'm glad I know a little more about you now but there's no way that's it. A person is more than just their family, job and hobbies."
"I guess that's true, what about you? Why don't you tell me more about yourself?"
"I'm not sure you'd want to know more about me princess. I don't have a very happy story. C'mon let's get back in."
I frowned as we got out of the car knowing he had completely avoided the question. I looked over at him as we got into the next car.
"I do want to know more about you Victor, but only when you're comfortable telling me. But could you at least tell me how old you are?"
He chuckled and nodded.
"I'm twenty-five."
I grinned and nodded in satisfaction.
"See, was that so bad?"
He shot me a curious look as he parked in the garage and turned off the car.
"It doesn't bother you?"
"What doesn't?"
"My age. Knowing I'm a few years older."
I laughed lightly and shook my head.
"No, why would it bother me?"
He shrugged and got out of the car with me close behind.
"I just thought it would."
"It doesn't. Actually I've always preferred guys that were a few years older."
He grinned and started getting the car ready to work on while I watched him closely.
"You're an interesting one, princess."
I frowned as I watched his legs disappear under the car. Was that a compliment or an insult? It could be either but he had been smiling so I chose to take it as a compliment. He started asking me for tools and I fetched each of them quickly. Glad he had taken the time to teach me each of them earlier.
We stayed like that for quite awhile with me grabbing the tools as he worked. Eventually we started talking again and he told me he'd gotten his first job in a mechanic shop at sixteen. He'd only started out with cleaning and other basic things but he grew to really enjoy it and had been in the industry ever since.
I told him a little about my school and what it was like there. It wasn't very far away but I'd still chosen to live in the dorms so I could have some semblance of freedom. I also told him I'd be graduating in less than a year and wasn't certain what my plans were for after graduation.
I hadn't realized how much time had passed until I heard the door open and saw my father walking in. He came over to us quickly and stopped just as Victor asked me for another tool. I passed it to him quickly, catching an approving smile from my father.
"Well done Liliana, and Victor I must say I'm impressed with how quickly you've taught her."
Victor quickly pulled himself out from under the car and stood up to greet him.
"Sorry I didn't know you were here. And I didn't do much sir, she's a quick study."
I smiled at the praise but shook my head in disagreement.
"He's just being modest. I never would have learned all this without him. I even changed a tire by myself."
My dad looked at Victor with a smile.
"Is that so, well then thank you. I should have taught her all this a long time ago, but I suppose I just never got around to it. But, nevertheless, I'm glad she's learning it now. Anyways, I came by to say I have to leave today to go out of town. There's a last minute meeting in Chicago and I can't miss it. Would you mind catching an uber home? I really must be going as soon as possible."
"Yes, that's fine dad."
I nodded but Victor cut in.
"I could drop her off if you'd like. We're closing soon, so she won't have to wait long."
My dad glanced at his watch before studying the two of us carefully.
"Uh, yes that, that should be fine. Thank you, you're a great help."
"Great, just let me grab my stuff out of the car."
I said and my dad nodded before saying his goodbyes and walking with me out of the garage. When we got to the car he paused and turned to me.
"What do you think of Victor?"
I shrugged as nonchalantly as I could as I collected my things.
"He's nice enough and seems to be knowledgeable and hardworking."
"Yes I got that impression as well. I think I'm going to promote him. You know I was starting to worry he was interested in you, but I think he's proven to be a respectable fellow. I'll have to think some more on it, but I'll see you in a few days, ok?"
"A few days? I thought you were just going out for a meeting?"
"Yes that's part of it, but there are a lot of things I need to do while I'm there. I'll be back by Friday."
"Dad... Today's Friday."
"Right, right of course. I meant Tuesday."
I laughed and hugged him quickly.
"Alright well, be safe ok?"
"Of course, and you too. There better not be any parties or boys while I'm away."
I rolled my eyes and said my goodbyes, watching him drive away before heading back inside. I was surprised to find Victor and the car he'd been working on gone. I set my clothes down just as Tommy came walking up.