Thanks to everyone who has enjoyed this so far and encouraged me to continue on. This is the third instalment of what was meant to be a one-off, but here we are. As I never planned this as a series, there might be some stretching and some inadvertent retconning. Apologies for any of that.
As this goes back to the outset, there is some scene setting first, so please bear with...
It was a quiet Thursday night at The Wild Duck. Maggie and Willow sat at their usual table, Maggie with a white wine, Willow nursing her Bacardi and Coke.
Maggie scoffed at Willow's drink. "We're not at Uni anymore, Willow," she chided.
"A girl can dream," Willow retorted. She held up her glass. "To our wild days!"
Maggie clicked her glass with Willow's. "I didn't think they were over yet. But there's not much to get wild about around here tonight," she noted as she looked around. The bar was almost empty. "It's not even nine o'clock," she complained. The rest of the remaining drinkers appeared decidedly older and sort of worn out.
"Well since we've pretty much got the bar to ourselves, you can tell me in private," Willow smiled. "Is it really true?" She did not bother to drop her voice.
Maggie raised an eyebrow. "What?" she dared her friend.
"That you can only cum with a man when he's fucking you up the arse?" Willow tried to keep a poker face, but she knew she was showing all her cards.
Maggie shrugged like it was no big deal. "You're right, usually," she admitted. "But there are the occasional exceptions. Like when he knows where to lick. Those rare occasions. And I think it might have happened once or twice with it in the right place." Maggie smiled like that was just dumb luck. "That one must have known what he was doing."
"The right place," smirked Willow. She shook her head. "And that's not all, is it?" Willow challenged her friend. "I haven't forgotten there's more." Maggie glared back at her, like how could she. "Come on, we both know, say it," Willow chided her.
Maggie shook her head in mock disdain. Then gave Willow a look of surrender. "It's better when I'm getting fucked that way by strangers." Hands on her hips, even though she was sitting. "Happy?"
"You dirty girl," Willow laughed with triumph.
Maggie stared passively, the best way to let that settle. And then she needed to prove that two could play that game. She stared hard at Willow. "And you?" she challenged.
"I've had it there once or twice. It's okay. But it's not big orgasm business for me."
"But we know what your thing is, don't we?" Maggie smirked back. Willow rolled her eyes, knowing what was coming, her turn to be exposed. "Being caught doing it in public," Maggie reminded her.
Willow looked down at her drink, down at the table, away from Maggie's stare, because it was true. "You've got to be careful though. I don't want to be caught by the wrong people," she added.
Maggie pretended to look confused. "I thought that was the point. That would be the thrill, wouldn't it? Realising that someone who shouldn't see you like that is watching you writhing around with a cock or two up you."
"Yes," Willow admitted carefully, "you're right, that would be the thrill." This time she looked straight at Maggie since there was no denying it. They both held each other's stares silently for a moment.
A man came over to their table. "Anything I can get you girls?" he ventured.
"We're good thanks, Armand," Maggie replied, keeping her attention on her friend who was holding the remaining half a glass of Bacardi and Coke.
But Armand looked to Willow. "I thought you were after a thrill?" he asked her.
She broke her stare to look at Armand. "You overheard?" she replied without thinking.
"Only that," Armand insisted.
Maggie gave Willow an evil smile and looked up to the barman. "She wanted to get off by having sex in public," Maggie explained.
Willow looked at her friend, whose face said it was a challenge. "She wants it up the arse," Willow told Armand, aiming to outdo her friend.
Armand smiled, like all of that was normal banter. "I think I have the solution for you," he told them in a way that got them both to look at him, curious.
"You've got a girlfriend," Maggie reminded him.
Armand shook his head. "No, not that," he promised. "Come with me and I'll show you something." They both looked at him, unsure. "Bring your drinks," he suggested.
The women stood up with their drinks. Armand led them behind the bar then stopped to alert the barmaid who had been slouched on a stool looking down at her phone. "Keep an on the customers," he told her, "we'll be back in a moment or two." Willow and Maggie followed Armand behind the bar and then into an alcove that seemed like a dead end. Before they could worry, Armand produced a key to open a door they had not noticed.
He stepped through and beckoned them in. "This is the function room," he told them as he switched on the lights to reveal that they were in a large room with a dance floor on one side and a bar along another wall.
"It's a bit dusty," Willow noticed.
"I didn't know this place had a function room," Maggie exclaimed. "How many times have we drunk here?"
Armand shook his head. "I think that's part of the problem. No one knows it's here. I spent a heap doing it up, putting in a decent sound system, doing up the bar. But I couldn't find anyone to hire it out. Tried all the marketing, but see, even you have never heard of it. So there..." He trailed off as he ruefully looked around his failed dream.
"There's no windows," Maggie noted.
Armand hesitated for a moment, stared around the room like he was thinking deeply. He turned back to the women. "That's why it's perfect for you," he suggested.
"Perfect? What for?" Willow asked him, unsure.
Armand looked hopeful. "Anything you want?"
Maggie started to think practical. "Is the way we came through the bar the only way you can get in?"
Armand shook his head. "There's a door over there." He pointed to the far wall. Through that door there's a corridor that leads to a discrete entrance round the back of The Duck."
Maggie's eyes lit up. "The Back Bar," she announced.
"What?" Willow demanded. Armand looked equally nonplussed.
Maggie looked over to Willow. "I know exactly what he's thinking. Private shows, you performing for an audience."
"And you get railed by strangers," Willow reminded her friend.
Armand snorted. They both turned to look at him. "Why are you looking so smug?" Maggie snapped. "You've got a girlfriend, don't forget. You're not getting any of this." She patted her pert arse. Then she put an arm around Willow. "Or this," she added.
Armand still smirked like none of that mattered. "Business opportunity!" he laughed.
*
The three plotters sat back down at their table in the main bar of The Wild Duck, all now sparkling with ideas for how to use the function room. They would run a special event, publicise it, see if they could fill the room that way. All three knew that the event would centre around sex although at this stage none were ready yet to admit it out loud. They circled around the idea.
"You could run the door," Armand suggested to Maggie. "People could line up discretely in the corridor from the back entrance. You could take their money there, and then the fun begins when they go in."
Maggie glared back at Armand. "No way. If there's anything going on inside the room, no way am I going to miss out. You won't have me staying outside."
Armand scratched an ear like he was thinking deeply about that missing piece. "But what would be going on inside?" he asked, like so innocent.
Willow butted in. "If Maggie wants to be part of the goings-on there, she can do her thing..." Maggie stared at her friend, a bit worried. Willow smiled back warmly. "You like getting it up the arse, and you have this fantasy about strangers. Time to put the two together and monetise it."
Maggie thought for a moment then gave her friend a sly look. "And you want to do it in front of an audience."
Armand tried to pretend he was King Solomon. "Why not combine the two? You both get fucked up the arse by strangers. And in front of an audience."
Maggie looked back at him in anger. "In that case why not get all the women who come along getting fucked up the arse by strangers!" Willow started to laugh. The other two looked at her which only made her laugh more, enough that some of the other patrons in the bar actually realised she was there and looked to her for a moment. "Come on, spit it out," Maggie demanded of her.
Willow stopped her chuckling enough to take a deep breath. "All the women get fucked up the arse. Yes! We've already got the perfect name..." she gurgled. "The Back Bar," she reminded them. At which point they all realised that it might actually happen.
*
The planning started. Armand would organise the bar staff and get the place cleaned and up to speed with chairs, tables, some sofas, and get the bar working and ready to go. But they still needed a door woman and a DJ.
They put an ad on Seek, kept it vague but hinted that it would be for a night like no other, one requiring an open mind. Most of the replies they got were the usual, women already doing that sort of work who wanted to pick up an extra shift. One response however stood out from the rest. Josie, who only gave her first name, wrote that she had no experience on a door. But she was local and a cam girl, so she was open minded about whatever they had in mind.
So that evening the three organisers sat in The Wild Duck staring at a laptop watching cam girl Josie do her thing. They found her camming on a bed, sitting up swishing her long black hair off her broad, square shoulders, a wide smile on an inviting face as she bantered with her viewers. She wore a black bra under a black lace top sitting so she was only visible from her waist up as she carried on chatting.
"She says she's non-nude," Willow saw. At that moment on the cam, Josie smiled and nodded apparently having agreed something then reached under her top, unhooked her bra and got rid of it.
"Still non-nude," Armand sniffed as Josie's breasts swayed her under that lace top. "Although you can pretty much see everything."
"But she's not nude, that's the point," argued Willow. Josie shuffled back on the bed from the camera so they could see she wore a short black skirt that showed off her bare legs up to the top of her thighs.
"What a tease," Armand complained.
"I think that's the point," Maggie chided him. "There's something about her that demands your attention. I want to meet her, see her in person."
"So do I," Willow agreed, "I think she'd be great on the door."
*
Wednesday, Josie was free for an interview and arrived on time, came through the main entrance of The Wild Duck and to the delight of Maggie, Willow and Armand, she immediately demonstrated a presence, the sort of woman you wanted to like you. Although you also realised that you had to earn her respect. She strode up to their table and shook their hands warmly. Maggie noted how Josie was acting demure, in a lace top which was far less revealing than the one she had worn in the camshow, with tight leather shorts neatly showed off her figure. She was sexy but distant, something about her said 'hands off.' And those shorts were tight enough to allure without giving the wrong idea.
She sat and accepted a lemonade, turning down their offer of alcohol, despite her three interviewers having wine, beer, and a Bacardi in front of them. Seemingly she would act responsibly, like she really wanted the job.
"Do you know why we invited you, even though you don't have any experience?" Maggie tried.
Josie did not flinch. "You've watched my shows," she smiled.
Willow nodded. "This is not going to be any normal event," she warned. "We need to talk to you about sex."
"Ahh," Josie agreed seeing it all make sense. "There will be sex going on. I guess you assumed that I would be comfortable with that."
They nodded, but Maggie gave Josie a look that warned there was still more to it yet. "Bring your drink and we'll show you the room. And we'll explain the rest to you," she told their interviewee as she stood up, getting the others ready to follow her.
Josie matched the casual attitude of the other three as they led her behind the bar to the function room. A couple of workers in overalls were decorating the walls, but the room was mostly ready. The bar and the dance floor were shining under the lighting array and the chairs, tables and the sofas had been set out, ready for the clientele.
Armand led the group to the sofas and finally spoke up, having let the women run the show. "Come and sit and we'll tell you everything," he offered. Josie sat back on one of the sofas, and Willow sat next to her. The other two sat facing them at right angles on the other sofa. Maggie realised that the other two expected her to explain everything to Josie when they looked on to see what her reaction would be.
So Maggie smiled and looked Josie in the eye. "There is only one sort of sex that will be going on in here," she revealed. "Anal sex."
Josie held Maggie's stare for a moment after that revelation. Eventually she swallowed and admitted "I haven't done that."
Maggie smiled back. "Oh, it's quite easy," she announced. She looked to her partner on the sofa. "Armand, if you could?" she asked.
Maggie lifted her dress up to her hips and worked her panties down her legs and off. Armand suddenly realised what was expected and unbuttoned his trousers. Quickly, he slid them down to his calves and wanked his quite reasonable sized cock to hardness. "Now that it's hard," Maggie advised, "it goes in here." She ran a finger around her butthole and then a little way in. She then stood up and quickly sat down on Armand's cock, engulfing it in her arse. She leaned back onto him so that their connection was totally visible. Her dress had stayed bunched above her waist.
The decorators wandered over. Close up you could tell one was a man, the other a woman. "Look," the man told his colleague, "I told you it was easy."
"But," she pointed out, "they're not doing anything. How is she supposed to enjoy it."
Maggie looked at her accuser. "Oh," she responded, "I was just getting settled. Now that I know he is inside there in the right way, I can start doing this." And she started to bounce on the lucky bar owner, taking him all the way in, then partly out and then working a rhythm. Maggie then returned her gaze to Josie.
"So that's how it's done," Josie noted, showing a little curiosity. And trying to keep a professional look on her face.
Maggie started to groan as she fingered her pussy along with what Armand was doing to her. Then she stopped and looked down at the barman. "You've got a girlfriend remember?" she told him. "I think you better stop." And she disengaged herself from Armand, stood up and patted her dress down. Armand had gone soft and quickly reorganised himself buttoning up and settling back down.
"I heard less than three minutes is not adultery," Josie suggested with a straight face. Trying to prove that she was not fazed.
"I think that's dropping something on the floor," Maggie replied smirking at Armand like she had him captured. He pretended not to care, even though Maggie was still displaying herself to him.
"I don't think either of those things is real," the female decorator warned her colleague.
"You could try it," Willow whispered in Josie's ear as she twiddled the camgirl's long dark hair.
"Do I have the job?" Josie gasped, clearly turned on by Willow's expert touch.
"What do you think?" Maggie blurted as she rubbed harder at her pussy which she had still not covered up.
Josie turned and kissed Willow passionately. Willow broke it to inform her that she had a strap-on in her bag as she stood up carefully watching Josie who sat there, ready for anything.
"That was convenient," Josie smiled agreeably.
"Always be prepared," Willow shot back, as she took off her dress, stripped down and then fitted herself into the device. The decorators had a word and then leant over, close by Josie to watch. "You could help by taking off her clothes," Willow suggested, as she loomed with the cock of her contraption pointing dangerously towards them.
"Do you mind?" the woman decorator politely asked Josie who shrugged and let her unbutton the shorts and slide them down her legs. The man slid the lace top over Josie's head.
"She's still wearing a cammie top," he announced, which was obvious.
"I like it," Willow told him, "keep it on. But," she added, "could you please lick her butt for a moment to get her ready? I have some lube too." She looked over at Maggie who now stood near Josie with her arms crossed. Apparently she wanted to have a good vantage post. "Although some obviously don't need lube. It's in my bag," Willow told Maggie pointedly who ignored that if it was a slur. She went over and rummaged for it.
Meantime the decorator was on his knees working his tongue between Josie's pussy and her bottom. She sat back looking at the ceiling apparently trying hard to get into the mood. "Do you want to have a go?' the decorator asked his partner.
"It's usually not my thing," she replied. "But I guess I better show you how it's done." He moved away, she took his place and soon had Josie pressing back at her. The woman licked Josie harder, causing her to press down hard on her tormentor's mouth with a groan.
The decorator stopped after a short while and looked to Willow, telling her she was pretty sure that Josie was ready. Josie nodded, a little distant in her pleasure. "I want you on your knees on the sofa," Willow told their new hire, as she waggled her strap-on at the soon to be door woman. "I think that would be the best position for you."
Josie nodded and silently complied. There she was naked, on her knees, her legs spread, ready for her initiation. "Now I'll take it slowly," Willow promised, as she positioned her fake cock where she had warned it would go. And carefully she eased it in. Josie sucked in a deep breath, unsure. Willow stopped, held her position, as she looked down warily at Josie, waiting for her reaction.
"Yes," Josie sang out, confirming she liked it. And then she turned to find out why Willow had stopped.
"I just wanted to be careful with you," Willow advised. She leant over and gave Josie a kiss on her neck, just behind her ear which got a further groan from the anal ingenue. "This is what you've been missing," Willow hissed as she carefully introduced the other woman to the deeper sensations of a cock up her arse.
"I... see... the... point... Urrghh..." Josie blurted as she pressed back against Willow's thrusts.
Willow was in control. "Let's try this," she decided as she pulled right out of Josie. "On your back," she ordered, as Josie hastily complied. Willow tilted the other woman's hips, so that she had the right access to Josie's bottom hole as she connected and then pressed herself down onto Josie, breast to breast.
"That's iitttt, YES!" Josie cried out, now completely into it. Willow smiled over at Maggie.
The female decorator was watching them closely. Her colleague stood right next to her. "How about it?" he asked.
"I'm good," she responded. "I just enjoy the watching." She moved a little away from the other decorator both to make sure he understood her distance and to get a better look at Josie's initiation.
Armand nudged Maggie. "We should charge for that," he told her. Maggie nodded back, adding it to her plans.
Willow found that she was getting off from fucking Josie. And just like that, Josie, came loudly. She pushed back at Willow who kept up her rhythm as Josie heaved back at her, gripping the couch as she succumbed. Willow slowly withdrew once Josie was done and the time was right.
Maggie stepped right up, caressed Josie's head and looked down at her enquiringly. "Yes, now I understand," Josie smiled back. "Although I couldn't imagine originally how she could fit that big thing in me first up."
Willow stood near the others with the strap-on poking out obscenely from her crotch. "Anyone else?" she asked.
Maggie plonked herself down next to Josie and gave her a hug. She looked over at Willow. "I think you've done quite enough for one day."
Willow looked over to the decorators who were still lurking behind the sofas.
"We're good," the woman announced.
"Think we better get back to work," the man added.
Grudgingly accepting that, Willow loosened the straps and stepped out of the device. She was the last to get dressed. They sat back on the couch demurely, as if nothing unusual had just occurred. And the decorators had gone back to their work.
"So now where are we up to?" Armand asked. "Are we ready to go on Friday? The room should be ready," he added, although they could all see that there was very little left to be done.
Maggie smiled at Josie and then at the others. "We've got all the staff now. I've locked in a DJ who has worked in a good sex club." Willow snorted at that. "Don't ask!" Maggie insisted. "I've also got some sensible security guards, ones who understand that they are to be mostly invisible and just make sure that everyone is having a good time. Now Josie, part of your job is to vet the punters, make sure that no one is coming here against their will or having second thoughts or anything like that."
Josie clicked. "Ah that's why you like my background..."
Maggie nodded. "We expect you can sense them from a distance. And you know how to deal with them confidently, if that occurs. But don't worry, you'll have a security guy out there in the entrance with you." Josie looked at Maggie like she was not up to expectations. Maggie quickly explained. "We need two people out there anyway. You'll be controlling the inner door and he'll be letting people in from outside so that you can concentrate on your job."
"And who's going to come to this thing?" Josie asked, content with Maggie's explanation.
Maggie looked to Willow knowingly. "Well," she said, "we've been doing word of mouth marketing. And not even too much of that. We don't want you having to turn away too many people. Well in fact we don't want anyone coming and then getting turned away on our first night. So we're keeping it low key. And we reckon if we get enough people to the opening, they will tell enough people that they know for us to keep the event running."
Armand looked concerned though. "We've tried other things," he reminded them.
"Have faith," Willow insisted. "We've got this."
*
Any worries that they had about the first night were soon dispelled. Zumba the doorman was busy for over an hour answering the door at the back of The Wild Duck to let people into the corridor where they could line up in some privacy. Josie processed the folk when they reached her, letting them through the green door into the function room once she had sorted their wristbands and their payment and then warned them of the rules inside. Fortunately she did not have to bar anyone. Those who had got the word were there in good spirits.
During a rare quiet moment, Zumba sidled up to Josie who was resting her head on her hands, sitting behind the desk, worn out from explaining the rules of the room to each group of eager punters. She had to ensure in each case that they understood where the acceptable limits were, especially about respecting the desires and limits of the others in the room.
"I wonder what's going on inside," Zumba smiled.
Josie chose to see that as a professional interest. "I think you can guess," she retorted. But then realising that she may have insulted Zumba's intelligence, she reported "roughly there are about fifteen women with the black wristbands and about twenty or so men. So there should be a fair bit of activity. The rest paid to watch."
"Have any of the watchers come out to change their bands?" Zumba wondered.
Josie thought for a moment. "Not so far. But I reckon one or two will by the end of the night," she added knowingly.
"Men or women?" Zumba challenged her with a sparkle in his eye. Josie laughed. But the doorbell rang at that moment sending them back to work.
Later on, towards the end of the night when things had quietened down in the corridor Maggie came back through the green door. By their reckoning most of the customers had left. Maggie stood near Josie, her short cocktail dress a little ruffled as was her hair. "I thought I better check up on you Josie," she announced.
"I'm alright," Josie replied cautiously, "what about you?"
Maggie smiled back and flicked up her dress to confirm that she conformed to the requirement of full access for the black wristbands. In other words, no knickers. She looked over at Zumba. "And how did you hold up?" she asked him.
"Easy work," he smiled.
"I think you can close up," Maggie told him. "The ones still in there can let themselves out when they're ready." Zumba went to attend to the signage and the locking of the door.
Maggie leant over the table close to Josie and smiled. "Close the till and come in," she told her. "Time to sample the wares."
"I don't know..." Jose started.
"I'll look after you," Maggie grinned.
"That's what I'm afraid of," Josie laughed.
"And that's why you're coming in with me," Maggie insisted as Zumba came back down the corridor, having dealt with the entrance.
Josie gave both Maggie and Zumba a look that said 'what choice do I have' as she stood up. Maggie smiled admiringly over at Zumba. "Don't think you're getting out of this either," she mock threatened.
Zumba's look said 'what can I do' as Maggie led them both into the club.
The next Friday, Josie turned up early, let herself in through the bar and found Maggie and Willow standing in discussion with Armand on the dance floor. Maggie wolf whistled at Josie as she approached them in her uniform, a lacy black peek-a-boo top and a short black skirt which showed off her shapely legs. Josie had interrupted Willow pointing at the lighting, trying to get someone to fix something about it. The bar staff were getting their side of the operation ready while the bouncers leaned on the bar trying to distract them.
Josie went up to the three out there on the dance floor. "What's the problem?" she asked casually.
Maggie greeted her. "Willow thinks the lighting out here is too stark. She wants something slightly more sultry." She looked Willow. "Isn't that right?"
Josie cut them off. "Sultry you say? Like this?" She dropped her skirt to the floor revealing she was bare below. "Can you help me, Armand?" she cooed, all smiles.
Armand stared as the door woman got on her knees, facing away from him. He stepped towards her then suddenly composed himself. "I've got a girlfriend," he hissed at her. But before she could complain, he called over to the bar. "Roger, have you got a moment? I need you here."
Roger looked over and quickly assessing the situation, he swaggered over with a huge smile.
Jose looked him up and down as he held out his hand for her to shake. "It's my first night," he offered.
Josie smiled. "You'll be fine," she decided as she spread her knees a little. Roger placed his hands carefully on her bare bottom, cautious in case he was only being teased. She smiled up at him.
"Don't take too long," Armand grumbled, "we're running a business here." So Roger unzipped his pants, his cock pointing straight out in front of him.
Maggie smirked as she knelt down in front of the door woman. "Well, it's a kind of running a business," she suggested as she placed a hand gently under Josie's chin as Roger entered her. Maggie gave Josie a kiss. "That was quite a performance you put on at the end of the night last Friday," she told her as she broke the kiss.
Josie smiled back. "There's a lot more where that came from," she promised as she rotated her bottom around Roger's cock to get the full sensation. She pushed back on Roger and suddenly she froze, clenched her teeth, and pushed harder against the bouncer. He gripped her by the hips, waited to see what she wanted. Maggie looked over to Willow who came over to reach around Josie to pinch her nipples through her lace top. "You're right," gritted Josie, face still tight as she looked into Maggie's eyes. She flexed her hips away from Roger, then pushed back hard again. That did it. "I'm cumming," she wailed. Roger got into it, thrusting into the door woman to help with her orgasm.
Maggie smiled over at Willow. "You see," she told her, "that's what I'm talking about." They let Josie relax for a moment, Roger staying where he was embedded, waiting to see what she wanted next.
He did not have to wait long. Josie pushed back against him still groaning and calling for him to keep fucking her. She came again almost straight away. She pressed back hard against Roger until it finished. She then slipped forward and stood up. "Right," she announced, "I've got work to do." Cool as anything, she slung her skirt over a shoulder and marched over to the green door bare from the waist down.
Just before she exited to the corridor she turned around with some sort of evil glint in her eye. "Let's see if anyone notices," she told the others.
Maggie shook her head. "There are depths to that one!" she exclaimed.
At the end of the night with the guests gone, Maggie, Willow and Armand sat together at a table close to the dance floor. They paid some attention to Josie who, still wearing her black lace top but nothing else, was on the dance floor, again on her knees, getting fucked by Zumba.
"She seems rather to have taken to it," Armand observed.
"You can't stop her now," Maggie agreed. She watched for a moment. "It's always nice to show them what they're missing out on." After another moment of reflection and watching she added "we must know some other people who could do with a favour." She looked to Willow.
"I have a friend," Willow immediately responded to Maggie's amusement.
Maggie put on a conspiratorial face. "So do I."
Maggie and Willow both looked at Armand. He swallowed since they all knew. "I'll see what I can do," he offered eventually. Just a bit away from them, Josie wailed with pleasure as she endured another orgasm at the hands of the seemingly indefatigable Zumba, her cries turning into an urgent "Yes, yes!"
For some reason the combination of Armand's offer and Josie's cries of pleasure broke their tension, they all laughed. "I know," Maggie stated, "we'll pretend to them that we've heard about it somewhere but we don't know what's going on, that it's our first time here." The other two shook their heads, smiling at the thought of how that might play out.
Suddenly Willow looked serious. She even slapped her head. "What?" asked Maggie, worried.
Willow acted like she was really distressed. "I didn't get fucked," she revealed.
Maggie looked concerned at that. "Really?" she demanded, "how did that happen?"
"I was just busy with things," Willow complained. "I forgot."
Maggie shook her head. "We've got to fix that," she insisted. She looked over at the bouncer who was fucking Josie harder than ever. "Zumba," Maggie called over to him, "we've got a problem, can you come over here?"
Had he been listening? Zumba stopped what he was doing with Josie. "Sorry," he whispered as he pulled back and out. Maybe he had a notion since he stepped over towards the group at the table with his cock still poking out from his pants, erect and proud. He looked to Maggie since she had asked him over. "It's Willow," Maggie told Zumba. So he looked to the other woman. "She hasn't been fucked tonight. We need to fix that."
Maggie reached over and swung Willow's chair out from the table, so that she was facing the bouncer. Willow lifted her butt so that she could raise her dress above her hips. She spread her legs and slouched back in the chair to make herself available.
"Are you ready?" Zumba asked her.
"Just go for it," Willow demanded. So he did, placed himself at her back entrance for a moment before sliding straight in. "Yes," grunted Willow followed by more sounds that did not make words. Her eagerness re-energise Zumba who quickly got into his groove, pleasuring his second woman in a matter of moments, showing his prowess at fucking her arse.
And indeed Josie had come the short distance over to watch. "I wish that was still me," she told Maggie. But something in her demeanour showed that she knew that she had had enough for one night.
Meanwhile Willow squeezed back down on the hard cock that was up her bum.
Maggie looked over at the perpetrator. "Is your name really Zumba?" she asked.
"It's what I go by here," he responded, concentrating on what he was doing to Willow. She was now rolling her eyes in her head, thrashing about and grunting hard.
Maggie smiled at her friend. "I thought you said you weren't all that fussed about anal sex?" she teased.
Willow smiled through the pleasure. "Well, maybe... I... wasn't..." she grunted. "But this... is... next level." She came again.
*
Maggie sat at the table at the sports centre with her friend Michael, drinks in hands, still sweating after their volleyball game. She had established that he wasn't seeing anyone, had no one on the horizon. "What are you up to this Friday? Anything?" she asked him. Michael shook his head. Friday was too far away. Maggie smiled brightly. "I'd like to take you somewhere," she offered. As you do for a friend.
+++
To be continued?