I watched, unable to move, as the rest of the bandits came back. They quickly noticed me, and I felt all of their eyes on my bare flesh. My body reacted immediately, despite me trying to hold it back.
"What happened?" Jon asked a couple times before he could get the attention of the horny group of guys. I listened carefully, wanting to know how my friends were.
One of the raiding party managed to multitask - answering his questions while still leering hungrily at me. "They're good. Got a lot of us down before we could stop them. That one girl is amazing with the bow. They ended up retreating, and we made it back here once you were clear."
They began circling around me like wolves, and I felt a mixture of fear and lust like nothing before in my life. Even the fantasy from the night before paled in comparison to the reality of what was about to happen to me.
Just as I prepared for the slaughter, my body ready to receive its punishment, someone shoved through and faced the slathering mob. Stacey, my unlikely savior, shouted them down.
"Hey. You remember the rules. If she says you hurt her, you're all going to be kicked out. Possibly with charges. Which of you wants that?"
They all backed down a little, and moved away toward their meeting circle. I smiled at Stacey, who approached me, menacingly.
"Don't think I did this for you," she whispered hotly in my ear. "I swear I could smell your arousal from the other side of the clearing, you horny slut. But it wasmyplan to capture you,mypussy that got us the necessary supplies, and it'smypussy that's going to get these guys first. You can get whatever is left over after I'm done with them."
She stormed off to the group, loosening the laces on her dress as she went. "Now," she cried out as she raised her arms over her head, her dress falling to the ground, "who wants to fuck a real woman?"
Eight guys, the entire bandit group, descended on her, reaching out to touch her breasts, her ass, her pussy. I saw her drop to her knees and release the pants of one of the bandits before she was engulfed in the men.
Chaos quickly turned to order as she took charge. She smiled up at two guys as she stroked each of them. Her smile turned evil as she looked between them at my bound body. She was right. The sight of her surrounded by those horny men made my body pulse. I could feel each of my quickening heartbeats pounding through me every place that the ropes bound me.
She took her time with each of them, rubbing them against her chest, licking their tips. At first, they kept looking over at me as well, but slowly, she brought their focus only to her naked form.
One of the guys brought a bench over, and she rested her stomach on it. She continued to look me in the eyes as she spread her legs and used her hands to separate her ass. The guy directly behind her didn't need any other encouragement, and was quickly sliding his erection into her pussy. She reached out and grabbed a second person by the shaft, bringing him to her open mouth. He slid in eagerly, and her hand snaked between his thighs, massaging his balls. Her other hand found another waiting cock, and began massaging it between her fingers.
Moisture started dripping down my thighs. I tried to reach, but the ropes around me wouldn't move. My pussy ached to be touched. My nipples wanted to be sucked on. I moaned softly as the trickle of pleasure made my legs damp.
"That's actually pretty hot." Samantha spoke from next to me. I had no idea how long she had been standing there, but I couldn't tear my eyes away from the scene in front of me. Stacey had switched positions and was now lying on her back. One bandit was slamming hard between her thighs as they were being pulled wide by two other sets of hands. Her breasts were being used to rub a second cock, while her mouth and hands were busy with three more. The eighth kept circling around, his cock in one hand, his other touching her anywhere it could reach.
Even with the attention of all of the males, her eyes kept looking back at me. I could tell that no matter how much she was enjoying their attention, the fact that I was watching was driving her arousal.
"I came over as soon as I heard what happened to make sure they weren't doing anything to you they shouldn't be," Samantha continued. "This is not what I was expecting. Kinda makes you want to join in doesn't it?"
I moaned slightly, unable to make words as my body craved the attention that Stacey was receiving. A shout brought my attention to her midsection where the cock between her tits was erupting onto her chest. He reached down and rubbed his seed into her tits. Her enjoyment was obvious as the guy in her mouth started moaning at her increased attention. Soon, he too was thrusting hard, and I saw her throat working as she swallowed his cum.
As the two men on top of her moved to the side, she stood up and pulled one of the guys down on to the bench. She straddled him, and slid down his thick rod. Once he was settled, she reached behind her and stroked the shaft of the one coated in her juices. She moved him towards her and pressed his tip against her asshole. Not needing any more encouragement, he pressed himself into her rear. My own virgin ass clenched, imagining what it must be like to have something that thick buried in there.
While she was focusing on her bottom half, the remaining four quickly rock-paper-scissored for the right to be the next in her mouth. The winner cheered, and moved in front of her, lifting her chin and guiding himself down her throat.
A moan from next to me finally brought my attention back to Samantha. She had her hand in her pants, the other under her shirt, and she was rocking back and forth. Jealously, I watched as she was able to pleasure herself, my own body now in a constant state of torment. I turned back to watch as Stacey was being triple penetrated, but I could hear the build of Samantha's orgasm next to me.
My body craved attention. The ropes dug in as I tried everything I could imagine to get some sort of friction against my body. I imagined the ropes as hands, holding me. I wanted to close my eyes, but the tableau in front of me kept me fixated. To be able to have those hands, those cocks, on me, in me, filling me...
Samantha's moans turned to gasps, and she leaned back against the tree I was tied to. I felt her shuddering as her orgasm passed through her. The moans and screams from the center of camp reminded me that I was the only one that wasn't getting release. Samantha's panting next to me, and her moans of contentment, drove me insane.
"Fuck you," I whispered harshly at her.
"Huh?" Samantha looked over at me startled, then saw the look of frustration on my face. I saw her confusion turn to understanding. She moved towards me and kissed me on the mouth. I eagerly accepted, and tried to push my tongue between her lips.
Samantha laughed and pulled back to my dismay. She shook her head. "I need to maintain some control. But, I have something that might help you."
I watched as she rummaged around in a small bag she had with her. "I keep this with me just in case." She held up a small, purple oval attached to a long loop by a small brass cup. She smiled at my questioning look, and she moved forward. She slipped her hand between my spread legs, and I gasped as she pressed the small object into my dripping pussy. She brought her hand to her mouth and licked my juices off of it, then showed me the small device in her other hand. She pressed the switch, and I felt my body vibrating from the inside.
"This one has a special intelligent mode. I love it. I hope you do too." My body did love it. Immediately. I felt myself clenching around the little egg and all of the pent up energy coursing through my body released as I screamed loudly. Samantha planted another kiss on my mouth, and I kissed her as waves of pleasure caused my arms and legs to stiffen. I would have happily collapsed to the ground if I wasn't being held by the ropes.
Instead, I realized the vibrator was changing its routine as I settled down. Apparently that's what it meant by intelligent. It seemed to be reacting to my body. I focused on Stacey, who was in the process of switching partners again. I noticed cum dripping from between her legs as she knelt on the bench, sucking on two new cocks, one in each hand. The final male moved behind her and slid into her. I couldn't tell from my angle which hole he was fucking, but Stacey was enjoying it.
A couple of the others had regained their stamina, and were rubbing their cocks. My pussy kept pulsing as I watched the scene. The guy behind her grabbed her by the hair and pulled her back hard onto his shaft, while she stared at me, her mouth filled with horny male flesh. Did she know that I had just cum? I hadn't been quiet.
The toy inside me changed patterns again. I groaned as it sped up, then pulsed against my g spot. My sight glazed over, and I shook my head to clear my vision again. Stacey was swallowing eagerly, both shafts filling her throat. They had their hands behind her head and were pounding deep. She was bending forward more, and the guy behind her, his hands grasping her hips, was using all of his strength to fill her. The grunts increased as one of the observers began shooting his second load on her arm and tits and the other one soon joined him from the other side.
All of the males, their loads expended, collapsed to the ground. Stacey collected some of the cum on her finger, then slipped it in her mouth. I was getting close to another orgasm when I felt the bonds around me loosen. I looked around in shock, and saw Rushwillow untying me from the tree.
Cidane, next to me, explained. "We were working on an elaborate plan to get you out of here. Then we heard you screaming, and realized we didn't have the time." I blushed, realizing what screaming they must have heard.
"This wasn't what I expected to see. Are you okay?"
I nodded mutely, afraid that moans of pleasure would escape instead of words. As soon as I was loose, Cidane and Khitano slid under my arms to help support me. This put their heads right next to my breasts, and the thought of them leaning over for a suck or a nibble didn't help me calm down any. The girls were walking around the camp, slowly and quietly, gathering up all of the discarded weapons and armor from the...fallen soldiers.
They were almost finished, when Stacey noticed them and shouted. Unfortunately for her, none of the guys were going to be able to help. Taleran threw a bean bag at her and called out, "silence." She stopped for a second, then nodded, and continued to mouth her screams, but without the vocals.
The girls picked her up and brought her over to the tree where Rushwillow did his best to tie her up the way I had been tied up before. When he was done, I hissed at her.
"You're jealous of me? You want to be me? Well, now is your chance."
I called out to the area in general. "Illusion. Anyone in this area still thinks that I am tied to the tree and will act accordingly." I gave her a saccharine smile. "I hope you have fun."
Just then, the egg changed pattern again, and my knees almost gave out. Khitano and Cidane held me up, and another orgasm crashed through my body.
Meaghan stepped up from next to Samantha. "You guys take her back to your camp. I'll stay here to make sure that they obey the spell." She winked at me. "I don't mind."
I still couldn't speak, so I followed limply as the strong boys half carried me out of the clearing and back towards their camp. Their concerned looks made me happy, but also embarrassed, knowing I couldn't really explain to them that I still had an object inside of me that was pleasuring me while we walked.
The rest of my crew gathered around us in case there were any other kidnappers around, but the walk was uneventful for them. We reached the summit of the hill just as the vibrator hit its maximum, and I fell to the ground writhing in pleasure.
"Is she okay?"
"I don't know."
"Do you think they cast a spell on her?"
"They're bandits, not spell casters."
Oh god. They were worried about me. I started rubbing my breasts and my clit, pinching them eagerly, knowing that they were all watching me grind against my hand. Wave after wave passed through me, and I no longer cared who heard or saw. I spread my legs wide and frigged myself. What was their reaction? I had no idea. My eyes were closed, and my body had turned into one giant nerve ending.
After what felt like days, my body finally wound down, and I laid back, exhausted.
"What's that?" I heard Khitano ask, and my embarrassment coursed through me again. They must have seen the cord hanging out of me.
I felt the device being pulled from my aching pussy, and I moaned again.
"It looks like someone found a new toy for her collection." I could hear the laughter in Katrus's voice.
"Oh, Rachael, I'm so sorry." I opened my eyes slightly at the sound of Samantha's out of breath voice. She was just joining us at the mage camp. "Things happened quickly, and I forgot that you still had that in you. Are you okay?"
I closed my eyes again as everyone started talking at once about what had just happened as well as what they had been thinking. I fell asleep, still spread wide, hearing about the noises I make when I'm out of control.