By now, everyone but me has had one of his or her fantasies filled. So my husband looks through the fantasies and find both of mine. The first is to have several guys cum all over and in me, and then have some girls lick me clean. The next is to first drink enough to pass out and then be left somewhere in public that anyone could do whatever they wanted to me. They all agree that the first one should be complete with what happened already to me tonight.
John tells them that his friend has a bar a few miles away from the cottage and he could give him a call to see if we could use his place. John calls the guy and tells him what they want to do. The guy agrees but wants to make sure he can call some of his friend up to the bar to have some fun. The guys put Kelly and Lisa into one of the beds. Ryan has to stay at the cottage because he is too young to get in at the bar. He tells them all he is sure he can find something to do.
The guys dress me back into skirt and top. My husband adds in my crazy high black fuck me pumps he bought me but that I never wore because they are like 7" high and I am sure I would kill myself walking in them. Only John and Jason say they can drive so they all loaded up and head for the bar. My husband says he did not ride with me to that bar but he could see Scott doing something in the back seat with me.
My husband tells me they go in through the back door and place me in a booth near the back of the bar. My husband tells me he put one of my legs up on the seat so that anyone looking could easily see I was not wearing panties and even through my top was total sheer he left it open so one of my breast was showing. They all moved over to the far side of the room and just watch. He tells me it is just them and two other tables with people at them.
Then two guys come in and take a table close to the pool table. My husband tells me after few minutes the guys start to play pool close to where I was. He tells me he can tell as soon as the first guy notices me. He can hear him tell his friend to look over at the corner. Over the next few minutes, the guys move closer to me. They keep looking around to see if anyone is watching them. After they finish their game one of the guys moves over to my both and tries to talk to me but he most notice that I am totally out of it. My husband says John tells his bartender body to go over to check on the guys and see if they or their girl (me) needs anything. When John's friend comes back his tells them that each of the guys order a drink but tells him their girlfriend has had enough. John's friend says he can see she looks total out of it. He tells the guys he did not even notice them bringing her in and that he normally always notices a good look girl dressed like that come in the door. The guys tell him he must have been in the back. He tells them that they might want to cover her up a little that she might be showing more than she wants to. The guy tells him that she likes to show off and play in public. He tells them he can't blame her with a body like that.
My husband tells the guy to see how far they will play into this. He should try to get them to let you play with her. So the guy goes and gets their drinks and he can see them talking and look at me. The next thing he sees is the bartender leaning into the booth and playing with my tits. He then sees him turn to the guys and has them come over and the three of them pick me up and put me on one of the tables close by. They have my legs over the edge of the table and my legs laying on two chairs spread out and my arms over my head. He then tells me they unbutton my shirt and have my tits total in the open.
The two guys start to play with my tits and pussy as if they should be doing this. He then sees the bartender move over to a table of three guys (the bartender's friends) on the other side of the bar he tells them something they cannot hear but sees the guys looking over at me and then get up and move to where I am. He can see them talking to the first two guys and can hear them asking if they are sure and the one guy tells them she loves it. Next, the bartender moves to a table next to my husband and he can hear him tell the two guys that the girl wants to see how many people can cum on and in her in one night. He tells the guys they are free to join in.
The bartender then asked my husband if that is what he had in mind. He tells him that is what I had in mind not him. So now, they all move over to the table where I am. I have the two guys that started this, the five guys from the bar and the bar tender, and the five guys that came with me all around me. My husband says most of the guys wait their turn to fuck either my pussy or month. A few fuck me in the ass. A couple just jack off as they are playing with my tits and cum on my chest or tits. He tells me that both Scott and John cum in my pussy. He tells me that one of the guys is telling his friend that he has seen me before. He thinks that I work with his brother. He tells the guy he was picking his brother up the other week and went into the office to have him paged. He says he is sure that I am the one that he talked to. Scott told my husband that he did not know who the guy was.
Some of the odder things that happened are one guy is fucking me between the sole of my foot and my shoe. My husband tells me when the guy cums he pulls his dick out from between my foot and shoe. He then cums on my toes. He spends a lot of time rubbing his cum into my toes and foot. He tells me that the Bartender got some ice from the bar and put some up my pussy and ass and then fucks me in both places. Some of the guys use it to rub on my nipples to.
He tells me Jason and him are the last to do anything to me. Jason takes one of my shoes and starts to fuck me with the heel of the shoe while jacking off. My husband tells him to be careful with the heel so not to hurt me. My husband is fucking my face. He tells me he would not have let the other guys use anything else to fuck me. He says one of the guys tried to use a pool stick but a few of the guys tell him to put it away. He tells me that when Jason cums he pulls out the shoe and slides his cock straight up my pussy.
My husband then tells the two guys that started this that I was his wife and that they did exactly what I had hoped they would do. My husband tells me that they cleaned me up and put me into Jason's car but left me total exposed and lying in the back seat across Shawn so he could play with me on the way home. Scott and John headed home and did not go back to the cottage. When they got back to the cottage, they put me into my bed. They find Ryan in the room with Lisa and Kelly. Ryan is using his phone to video what he is doing with both Kelly and Lisa. He tells Jason and Shawn that he hoped it was ok. That he just wanted to remember this weekend for a long time. They both tell him it is ok but to make sure he did not post it anywhere or give a copy of it to anyone. He could show it to his friends but make sure that he keeps control of it.
When I wake up the next day, my husband is holding me and tells me that this was another great weekend. After everyone leaves we added up how many times the guys had cummed and with who. We might have missed a few but this is what we came up with.
My husband had fucked Kelly once. She had given Jason 2 blowjobs and fucked him once. She fucked Shawn once and gave him a blowjob. Ryan had fingered her the first night and fucked her once in front of everyone and not sure how many times while everyone was at the bar. She also gave the pizza guy a blowjob. Twice she got me off by licking my pussy.
My husband fucked Lisa 3 times and she had given him a blowjob. She gave Jason a blowjob and might have fucked him not sure. She had giving Ryan 3 blowjobs and fucked him twice in front of everyone and not sure, what he did with her while everyone was at the bar. She also gave the pizza guy a blowjob.
Shawn fucked me in both my pussy and ass and I gave him a blowjob. I gave Ryan 2 blowjobs and he had fucked twice. My husband say he fucked me once and I gave him two blowjobs. I had fucked my boss Scott twice and let him play with any part of me he wanted most of the night. John the guy from work had fucked me twice and he fucked my face once. As for my nephew Jason, he fucked both my pussy and ass several times and I had fucked him on Saturday morning completely sober. The trip to the bar had me fucked in my pussy, mouth, and ass many times. I also had my foot and shoe fucked once, and I was fuck with my shoe once. So in one weekend I had been fuck by six people I know and I am sure will do stuff with in the future. I also had eight people who I may or may not know play with and fuck my naked passed out body in a very public place. I have done this before only on a much smaller scale.
For me the time I fucked Jason on our own was the best experience of the weekend. Just knowing I was totally giving him what he wanted and with complete control made it great. The second best was when my boss was rubbing my pussy and clit while my coworker was playing with my tits. The combination of being just drunk enough to enjoy it and having someone rubbing my clit slow enough to make sure I did not cum but fast enough to keep me right on the edge is fantastic. Wish I could have this feeling all the time.
It has been almost 2 weeks and neither Scott nor John has said anything to me about that night. On a few occasions Scott has, accidently brushed his hand over my tits while reaching for something or rubbed his crotch on my ass as he slide passed me to get to a chair. I still like to wear short skirts and low cut shirts to the office but want to leave it at that. I am sure the next time my husband and I plan a party I will invited both of them back. With both Memorial Day and Fourth of July coming up I am sure we will be having people over for another great weekend. This time I think we might keep the numbers a bit lower. It took my pussy a few days to recover before I would let my husband fuck me. Although I did suck him off while he was telling me what happed to me at the bar.