Lilly and Sarena fell asleep, shortly after their hot night together. The sun was already about to rise, as they drifted into sleep on top of each other, covered in cum.
As Lilly woke up because of Sarena caressing her butt and creeping ever closer to her butthole. It was already 1:40 pm accounting to her clock. She would actually continue to sleep, if it wasn't for Sarena, whose fingers start to prod against her anus.
"Nghh are you that insatiable for sex?"
The Dark brown elf only smiled.
"Maybe, but I also wanted to wake you up in an more pleasant way, then to shove you down from me cutie."
With this, she pushed the tip of her middle finger inside. Lilly's cock was immediately getting harder, again and a soft moan escaped her lips.
"Fingerfucking my ass, is the first thing that came to your mind? N..not that I'm complaining or something."
A devious smile featured the beautiful elven face as she replied.
"No not the first, but the best so far."
Lilly rolled to the side, freeing the athletic, much larger elven body, that was 'trapped' under her while laughing and shaking her head. But Sarena didn't stop fingering her butt and nuzzled in closer in between Lilly's big tits, to lick off the dried mixed cum of them both, while Lilly's member slowly but surely got hard again.
"Fuck you really are a pervert." Exclaimed Lilly.
"We are drenched in sweat and cum and the only thing you think of, is licking it off me?"
Sarena raised an eyebrow, with an fake innocent look in her eyes.
"Do you want some too? Pervert?"
On the last word, her facade turned to a daring, lustful smile as she climbed on top of Lilly. Her big butt rubbing against the base of the horsecock and her own did the same against Lilly's slightly pudgy belly, while she showcased to Lilly her cum-stained body. The white streaks and blotches, of mostly dried cum, had a strong contrast against her dark skin, and Lilly licked her lips hungrily.
"Dammit, I guess I am a pervert then."
she said while leaning forward to lick the white mess from the hot elven body, while trying to reach down, as far as she could, to also lick over her abs.
"Mhh you like them?" Sarena asked but didn't wait for an answer.
Instead, she slid her butt forward and pushed her hard cock between Lilly's tits while grabbing her face and rubbing it against her impressive and cum-stained abs. Lilly licked them furiously while inhaling the aroma, that was their collected sweat and cum. I am definitively a pervert she thought. Fuck it! just embrace it then! she thought to herself, while licking Sarena's body along. Collecting as much of their cum, while shoving her back down again, until she reached her lips and gave her a french kiss, to share the collected cum, with her new perverted friend. Who embraced it with an eager mouth and shoved it back and forth, until both swallowed an equal amount of it and each other's saliva. A small line of it connected their mouths, as they finally broke the kiss.
Lilly suddenly felt the six glasses of water she drank earlier take their tole.
"I fucking need to pee right now, a...and probably take a shower."
She said and jumped off the bed but Sarena hold her back. "Wait." She said, and Lilly had a hunch what the naughty elf was probably thinking, behind her devious smile. While she stood up too and pressed her larger frame against Lilly's backside, pushing her cock against her back while hugging her from behind.
"Let's shower together and have a little fun again. Otherwise, you will just get dirty, as soon as you are finished."
Lilly led her new friend to the bathroom, where she was immediately pushed past the toilet, by the much stronger elven girl and into the bathtub where Sarena was kneeling down immediately, between her legs.
"So, you are into that stuff too I guess?" This made Sarena only giggle?
"Are you surprised? Yes, I am, but only pee." She winked at Lilly.
"Not really anymore and I guess I'm in for the ride without a ticket back."
She said and couldn't hold her bladder any longer anyway. As her hot steamy piss hit the elven face. Sarena let herself get drenched in pee, but had to close her eyes. Lilly's stream was quite hard, because she was already mostly erect. As Sarena suddenly swallowed the pissing tip of her horsecock, with much more success than to get it into her pussy last night, but she didn't manage to get it much deeper than that either.
Lilly could see and hear her naughty new friend swallowing and gulping down her piss, but it seemed to be more than the elf anticipated. So she pulled it out of her mouth with a wet plop, while trying to hold her mouthful of piss with one hand shut and standing up. Trapping Lilly's cock between their bodies, to now cover them both, in the rest of Lilly's piss that was left in her bladder, while trying to kiss her.
Lilly wasn't sure about it, Watersport was actually one of her own kinks, but only in theory, or by pissing on her own body while lying down in the bathtub. But tasting it? Drinking it? Nervously she engaged in the kiss with Sarena. It wasn't tasty at all, but it wasn't so bad either and the thought of how naughty and perverted it was, made her cock harder and her pussy wet.
Sarena could feel Lilly sucking her own pee out of her mouth, while licking for remnants of it.
"Nghh not fair!" The elf said, with pouting lips, as they broke the kiss.
"I wanted to share it equally." Lilly giggled while licking her lips.
"You are just greedy. You swallowed much more than that before."
The elf joined into the giggle, while sticking out her tongue to Lilly and turned around, to turn on the showerhead. Lilly used this opportunity, to rub her cock against the elven pussy. But her friend only shuddered.
"Ahh I...know, what I said earlier.. a..and I mean it! But, I need some time to recover first, I'm really sore, I'm sorry."
A disappointed, "oh," is the only thing Lilly replied to that, while she looked down. And Sarena immediately turned back around, grabbing and rubbing Lilly's cock.
"Aww, no need to get sad cutie. There are more ways to have sex than, sticking your dick in someone's pussy. Also... I could do that to yours, or..."
The elf looked curiously down, at the animalistic glans, "You know... those horse cocks have quite a big urethra did you notice that?"
Lilly blinked at her, confused at the start.
"Well, it's my own cock, what are you implying.... oh you don't mean...?"
She gulped nervously, this was also a fetish of hers, to be honest. And she has looked at a bunch of hentai, featuring cockfucking. She also did experiments with sounding and this kind of stuff.
Sarena was right, her urethra was always kinda wide and she managed to stick some stuff inside. But nothing bigger than a finger. The huge black elven cock, on the other hand, even tho it was dwarfed by her own, was massive compared to that.
But she didn't have time to think about it. Because the naughty elf was already pushing her own glans against her urethra. Curious herself, she didn't stop her new friend. She rested her hands on Sarena's butt instead, slowly pushing her in. As the tip of Sarena's cock slowly entered her own.
It wasn't as tight, as trying to push her horse cock inside the tight elven cunt. But it was still tight as fuck and made her whimper and moan.
It took a couple of minutes, slowly pushing and stopping, when it was getting too much for Lilly, until Sarena finally managed to push her entire cock inside, filling and bulging out a third of Lilly's cock, while drooling precum inside of her urethra.
"Fuck! Your cock is so tight and hot from the inside!"
Lilly gasped, as her new friend started to thrust in and out of her cock. She was holding on to the black elven butt, before she slowly started to thrust against her and spread her butt-cheeks for her long, spaded tail, to prod and drill against Sarena's anus. Which made the elf gasp in surprise herself.
"Mhh handy such a tail."
She moaned and grabbed on to it, to push it deeper into her ass, while she fucked Lilly's cockhole as if it was a pussy.
Lilly enjoyed it, having her cock fucked, like an sluts eager cunt was great. And she wanted more of it. Surprised how eager Lilly was, getting her cock fucked, while she was whimpering just a few seconds ago, but she was more than willing, to give Lilly the satisfaction she needed, by pushing her against the wall to fuck her cock rough and wild.
The urethra of the massive shlong was still tight as fuck and it was constantly twitching around her own member, it almost felt like an exclusive cock massage. Or maybe as if the bigger cock, was trying to milk her own.
Lilly's precum, of which she produced much more than the elven girl, dammed up against Sarena's glans and the pressure started to rise. If she had tried sounding herself and had a slightly more widened urethra, it would probably be pumped down her own cock.
A thought that turned her on quite much, maybe she would try that herself rather sooner than later. Meanwhile, she pushed more and more of Lilly's tail inside of her butt, feeling it squirming around so deep inside of her was ecstatic and she could feel she wouldn't last much longer, and so seemed Lilly.
With even deeper, and harder thrust's into the twitching horsecock that let her balls slap onto its underside, she pumped her cum deep inside that eager cockhole, while moaning in a loud scream.
Lilly came herself, as more of her urethra got bulged out, from all the cum Sarena was shooting inside, this pushed the cum, and the black elven cock back out, before she covered Sarena from head to toe in Lilly's and her own thick baby batter.
Both futa girls gasped, moaned, and tried to catch their breath, until they locked eyes and embraced each other, in a deep fiery kiss under the shower, that washed all the cum from their bodies down the drain.
A shame really. She thought, but she couldn't be covered, or pumped full of cum all the time. But maybe she could be, more often than anyone that wasn't a pervert like her and her new girlfriend.
It took a while for them to clean themselves. Especially, because with each other, naked and in arms reach, they had to restrain themselves, from fucking each other's brains out. Which would render the cleanup rather pointless.
Lilly didn't even bother to put on some clothes, it was still way too hot, and they would get sweaty anyway, and so would she, Sarena, on the other hand, had nothing she could wear, unless she borrowed something way too short and wide from Lilly, or would put on her sweaty pyjamas.
Unless of course, she would climb up the balcony, back into her apartment. Though she doesn't seem to bother hanging out naked in the living room, with her cute new demonic-looking friend.
"So are you enjoying the summer Holidays? What are you doing for fun? i never saw you outside since I moved here?"
Lilly cocked her head in thought, as Sarena asked her that.
"I don't know, I don't like the heat much. So I don't really go outside. Most of the time I just play video games, or look at porn or something like that."
Sarene widened her eyes and began to laugh.
"I never thought of you as a shut-in nerd or something. Or that one would have such a monster cock."
Lilly raised an Eyebrow and crossed her arms in front of her boobs, partially obscuring them from Sarena's smug, jet lustful gaze.
"What's wrong about being a nerd?!"
The elven girl looked at her startled.
"No, no I didn't mean it like that, there is nothing wrong with nerds. Who isn't at least a little bit nerdy nowadays? But you should really go outside one and then. I mean this city has a fucking beach and you sit inside in this wonderful weather?"
Lilly had to snort with laughter
"Do you think of yourself as my mom or what?"
The taller elf smiled.
"I don't know, maybe... would you like to call me mommy?"
She said, standing up in front of Lilly. Who started to blush while her soft cock slowly began to get hard again.
"Is that a yes?" she giggled and tapped against the cock with one of her toes.
"Yes! I mean no! I mean fuck!... B..back on topic, let's say I would be willing to go out? How do I hide my massive dick?"
Sarena cocked her head to her right shoulder, looking down on it.
"Well good question. how do you hide it usually, if you go out?"
She didn't took the foot away and started to rub Lilly's shaft up and down.
"Ahh f..first of all, it would be good if I'm not rock hard! So don't play with it, before I use you as a cock-sleave to hide it!"
She said and batted the elven foot away from her bouncing half-erect cock.
"Mhhm tempting but I behave. At least I try.... For now."
smiled Sarena devious which make Lilly roll her eyes.
"And to be honest, in this hot weather, I don't hide it at all. Because I cant. If it's not unbearingly hot, it would go back all the way inside in my sheath."
She pushed a few fingers, as demonstration under the animalistic sheath of her cock, and pulled it a little bit open, which made Sarena lick her lips at the sight of that.
"So I stay inside, if the holidays are over, and I have to go back to school I usually call in sick. But it's thankfully normally not so hot then. So I don't have to resort to such measures often. And with groceries. I order them to my door, pull on a t-shirt, to cover my tits, and hide the rest of my body behind the door, hoping I don't fall over, one day and expose my cock to some delivery guy. T..tho I had some close calls. For example, when I was already hard from watching porn, when a cute delivery girl showed up."
Sarena tipped on her lips in thought.
"Well, first. The delivery girl story sounds hot, I can't stop imagining how it would had go down, if she saw something and was at least somewhat like me."
Lilly groaned, trying to push her slowly hardening cock back down.
"Back on topic, you cock hungry slut!"
Sarena stuck her tongue out and giggled.
"All right all right.. Did you try wearing a really long skirt?"
Lilly raised a brow.
"To go as an backwards centaur, if I get hard from your antics?"
Sarena started to walk up and down the tiny apartment living room. "Pants?.. No... maybe strap it down?... No, you would walk really awkwardly. Plus, you can't go swimming in your street clothes. Wearing a bikini or a bathing suit makes it much harder."
Lilly blushed,
"You really want me to go to the beach? Wearing just a little bit of cloth around my nipples and crotch? I don't even own a swimsuit and I would never be able to hide it in there!"
The elf just grinned.
"Well, maybe there is a nudist part of the beach, would be interesting to at least look into it mh? Besides, i don't give up so easily"
She said and got on her knees, between Lilly's legs, who blushed immediately. As Sarena pushed her cock and balls up with one hand, to look at the blue-lipped pussy of her.
"The fuck are you doing?" She gasped, half exited, half shocked,
"I thought, you would behave and don't try to make me hard!"
The elf pushed two fingers inside of Lilly's pussy and spread her lips lightly apart. And answered, without even looking up.
"I said I 'try' and 'for now'. Besides I'm about to solve all of your problems. Dammit, fuck... you're like, super loose or something down there. Are you a size-queen, or what the fuck?!"
Said Sarena, in amused shock, as she managed to push her hand in, with relative ease, as Lilly moaned and spread her legs further apart, while her cock got hard, so sudden and quickly that it slapped in her own face. Splattering it with a little bit of precum.
"N..no it was always like that, I guess it evolved to fit in cocks like mine. But... I... I had some pelvic floor training, to counter it. l..look"
Lilly jerked her hips a little, and Sarena could feel the loose blue pussy clamp down hard on her hand. Which made the beautiful elf look up surprised but equally amused.
"Afraid I won't fuck your wet cave of a pussy?"
Lilly blushed and looked away.
"Don't be, I would fuck it anyway, but good to know. Mhhh but that's actually perfect. If your pussy was made for a cock like your own, for what I have in mind."
Lilly widened her eyes, as she realized what her new friend was about to do, as she took hold on Lilly's cock and pulled her other hand back out of her pussy.
"Wait, you are not trying to push it in my... f...ffuuuck!"
It would be probably much easier to do this, if Lilly's cock wasn't fully erect and hard like a steal-beam, thought Sarena. As she pushed the huge cock slowly down, bending it with her strong hands, so the flared, precum leaking tip, pushed against Lilly's own pussy-lips.
She only managed to get it a few centimeters in, while most of it just bulged like an overly thick tennis rack between Lilly's legs. But Sarena didn't give up just yet. Though she tried not to hurt her friend, she used more force, to push it in deeper.
A few cm more. another few more. The pulsating cock pushed itself a little bit further out again, and she thrusted it back in. Now the length of a soda can. but the cock pushed back. Back and forth basically fucking Lilly, with a third of her cock in her own pussy.
The moaning mess, that Lilly was at this time, only managed to claw her fingers into the sofa cushions, where she was sitting at while moaning and drooling precum into her own pussy.
"F..fuck I...I'm about to cum! Fuck fuck FUCK!"
She widened her eyes, as Sarena managed to get her cock a good bit deeper in, as she came and pumped loads of her cum inside of her pussy, while it gushed back out from the sides of her cock.
Sarena was in shock, this wasn't her plan. But it was definitively a hot sight to behold, as she continued to push against Lilly's cock, preventing it from getting back out.
As the torrents of cum ebbed down, the cock grew much softer. and all Sarena said, while looking deer-eyed up to her friend, which she had just fucked with her own cock, was. "Uuups..."
Lilly looked down at her, dumbfounded.
"what do you mean, Uuups? you just made me cum into myself! what if I would get pregnant..f...from myself?"
Sarena shrugged. "Sounds hot doesn't it?"
Lilly couldn't believe it, but she felt her cock twitching again at this thought.
"Forget about it you pervert. J..just push it in finally, until I get hard again."
Sarena beamed and pushed the rest of the cock inside. right after she also pushed both of her huge balls in Lilly's cunt. Which made Lilly whimper and moan. Lilly clamped her pussy down, as good as she could, as soon as it was all in, to hold it there before she stood up and tried to walk around.
It stayed in even without her clamping her pussy down on it. But she felt it twitching and drooling precum inside of her.
"Well, this could work. But it feels.. good. Too good. I think walking around like this all day and I would cum at least once inside myself again. At this rate, I really will knock myself up. Yes I know shut up, the thought turns me on, as much as it does to you. This still doesn't mean it's a good thing."
She said by the sight of the lustful grinning face of Sarena.
"Mhhh that's a future you problem, we deal with that if it comes up."
Lilly shook her head in disbelief, but she couldn't help but laugh.
"You're probably the most irresponsible person, if it comes to pregnancy. How do you not have multiple kids already?"
Sarena grinned and put a hand down on the root of Lilly's cock massaging it.
"I didn't meet a girl, with such a monster between her legs yet. You turned me into a pervert, as much as I did to you. And now let's clean you back up, you can't go outside with cum stains on your pants."
Lilly rolled her eyes jokingly while going back into the bathroom. "Yes, Mooom!"
The two recent girlfriends agreed, to meet in front of Lilly's house, to go to the mall. While Lilly hat to clean her crotch area and legs, from all the cum, Sarena climbed up to her Balcony, completely naked.
The thought of getting caught, made her hard and she didn't see anyone looking her way, so she didn't even bother, to put her sweaty pajamas back on when she just had a shower half an hour ago.
As Lilly got back to her room, she groaned at the thought of cleaning the cum off her bedsheets, the sofa, and the carpet later on, as she saw all that mess. But she couldn't be bothered right now. Instead, she sat down in front of the mirror and styled her long, white hair, into two loose braids, that get tighter on the way down.
She put on a long-sleeved fishnet t-shirt and a black tank top, with a diamond-shaped cutout at her cleavage. Some black, frilled panties and a black folding skirt, that reached down shortly above her knees, leaving a little gap of skin visible between it and the black kneesocks she was putting on.
This was the hottest and skimpiest outfit she owned, she decided to wear it, firstly, to impress Sarena, and secondly, because this would probably be the next comfortable thing she could wear in the heat, besides, walking around naked.
She didn't bother with this heat, putting on her usual goth makeup, when she goes on a date, and only put on black lipsticks, like she usually did when going outside. And she also put on a pair of round sunglasses.
Then she finally closed her window, before getting out of her apartment. Masturbating and fucking in front of a possible audience is one thing, getting robbed while shopping, is something completely different.
Sarena was already waiting, when Lilly finally got out. She was wearing a Simple white tube-top, showcasing her impressive abs and some low-hanging, equally white, baggy pants.
She also carried a big canvas duffle bag over her shoulder, she bit her lips as she recognized Lilly.
"Didn't know you were a goth, I thought you were a nerd."
Lilly put on a cocky smile and put one hand on her hip.
"You can be both you know?"
Sarena smiled and pulled Lilly in, which made the shorter, demonic-looking girl blush, not being used to show affection in public.
"Mhh I guess you can be, and also a pervert. By the way, you look smoking hot."
Lilly blushed even more.
"Th...thanks, you too."
Sarena grinned, as she leaned in to kiss Lilly's black lips, before taking her hand and pulling her along towards the bus stop, where they had to wait a couple of minutes before the bus came and they could go in.
The skimpy outfits of them, both did draw some eyes towards them, but it wasn't really something unusual to wear in this weather. Much more intrigued, where the onlookers about the goth look and demonic body of Lilly, as well as the open lesbian affection, both of them showed towards each other.
Some closer-minded people were still kind of bigoted towards Lesbians and other sexual, or gender identities. One would think, after fucking magic, elves and futanari being a thing suddenly. They would get used to more 'regular' stuff.
Lilly still wasn't quite comfortable, basically broadcasting publicly, that she was in a lesbian relationship, with the girl beside her. But it turned her also a little bit on, it's like exhibitionism light. Which, she discovered last night, turned her really on.
As she caught the eyes, of a woman that were on the younger side of being middleaged, that eyed them both down, while biting her lips, with a look on her face, that could have been envy or being disapproving and was probably a combination of both.
Lilly got the sudden urge to double down on it, Snuggling her body against Sarena's and putting a hand on her thigh, which made her elven girlfriend look down at her, following her eyes to the woman, who was slowly turning red from either shame or anger.
Sarena leaned down into a Kiss with Lilly and didn't shy down, to make it quite obvious, how much tongue she was using.
As the bus stopped in front of the mall, both girls got out arm in arm, giggling and laughing, about the look of that woman, who was about to foam, while also being clearly into it, watching them making out in public.
"Fuck! She was clearly a closeted lesbian, angry at herself that she decided to never have fun in her life."
Lilly blurted out laughing.
"Yea or she thought you were the devil, seducing all the hot girls and leaving non for her."
Sarena giggled while Lilly grinned devilish.
"Who said I ain't?"
Both Laughed out loud again, before they calmed down, entering the mall.
"Let's see, you need a swimsuit or something like that if we go to the beach. I have most of the stuff we need otherwise."
Sarena said, tapping the side of the bag she carried and pulled Lilly towards a boutique, that sold more regular clothes that were on the sporty side, as well as sports clothes and equipment.
This wasn't the kind of shop Lilly usually bought stuff from, but she would be more likely to find a greater variety of swimsuits there.
Both girls rummaged around, to find stuff that would fit Lilly. While she herself, pulled some more modest swimsuits from the rack, she noticed Sarena holding more skimpy swimsuits and bikinis, she thought Sarena probably owned something to wear at the beach already, but she just shrugged. Maybe she just wanted to wear something new.
Shortly after, both went into the same cabin in the fitting room. The place was rather small for both of them, but Sarena didn't seem to bother and helped Lilly to get out of her clothes.
"Here try this one first," she said holding up a skimpy bikini.
"Wait... what? I thought this one is for you?"
But Sarena only giggled.
"No silly I have one already."
Lilly blushed a little, as she looked at those tiny pieces of cloth, which didn't hide much at all. But she tried them on for her girlfriend anyway.
There was still a visible bulge in her crotch, from the little bend part of her cock, that wasn't in her pussy. As she put the bikini bottom on. So she couldn't hide that she had a cock, whatever swimsuit she would settle on in the end.
But this wasn't the biggest problem with the bikini. It didn't hide her animalistic sheath at all. The whole top of it was still visible and Sarena seemed to like the view of it, while she pulled her own pants down to stroke her own cock.
"Nghh I really wanna fuck the space between your cock and your sheath."
Lilly giggled nervously and took the bikini back off,
"Not here... and, I can't wear this, that's almost as lewd, as wearing one that showcased my butthole!"
Sarena licked her lips.
"Ohh don't give me ideas cutie."
After that, she tried on a more modest bikini Sarena has brought, tho it wasn't as bad, it still had the same problem, and the design was way too kitschy.
Almost all the stuff Lilly had taken herself from the rack, where way too boring and prude, in Sarena's opinion and Lilly kinda agreed with her.
In the end, they decided on a backless, white swimsuit, with a turtleneck-like collar, that showed a little bit of side-boobs. While its bottom part, where somewhat low cut, to show a bit of a buttcrack. Which was practical for Lilly's tail, which wouldn't get in the way like this.
Sarena seemed pretty pleased with this and nodded.
"This looks fucking hot! Want to leave it on?"
Lilly widened her eyes. She felt tempted to walk around in the mall like this, but wasn't quite sure about this.
"I can't, e..everyone would see my bulge, and it's too skimpy!"
Sarena just grinned and came closer, rubbing her exposed dick on Lilly's bulge.
"It's just a little bit skimpier than what you were already wearing. And the stuff I'm walking around is at least as revealing if not more. Besides... on the beach, they will see our bulge anyway, from both of us, what's the harm doing it now already?"
This appealed onto Lilly's awakening exhibitionistic side, though still a little bit afraid she slowly nodded,
"Ok l..let's do this then!"
She said and pulled Sarena in, so her cock pressed harder against Lilly's slightly twitching bulge, while both of them shared a fiery kiss.
Lilly was now a little bit more in an frisky mood and slowly got down to her knees.
"What are you doing?!"
Asked Sarena surprised but certainly amused.
"Well, what kind of perverts are we, if we share a changing room and don't have sex? And I don't want to get anything in here dirty, sooo..."
She said, before slowly opening her mouth as she pulled her lips over Sarena's Hard black cock, trying to put it all in.
"Ohh you fucking horny cunt!... I'm proud of you."
Said Sarena half giggling, half moaning, and slightly worried they will be caught in here. So she took a quick look through the tiny slit, on the end of the curtains. Wich was all that was hiding them, from the rest of the shop.
Though it seemed all clear at the moment, she noticed that there was also a hand-wide gap, from the curtains to the ground. Someone who would take a look through there could notice, one of them kneeling in front of the other and had a good sight at Lilly's butt from the side. But they would either have to kneel down, on the floor to see it. Or be on the other end of the shop, with nothing obstructing their view.
It was risky, but not completely obvious. And the risky turned her actually on even more, just like it did with Lilly. Who managed to get all of Sarena's black cock, down her greedy throat, while Sarena grabbed the back of Lilly's head and began to thurst deep into the demoness' greedy maw, who sucked and slurped a little bit too loud.
"Can I help you?"
The voice of a young woman was to hear behind the curtains. The shocked Elf took another look through the tiny gap of the curtain on the side.
She was wearing the uniform of a clerk of the shop and was probably just a little bit older than she and Lilly were, maybe a college girl, earning a bit of money during the holidays.
Lilly tried to be more quiet but didn't stop sucking the big black elven-cock furiously. Which was still noisy enough, for the part-timer outside to hear her.
"N..no everything is alright." stammered Sarena.
"Are you sure? If you need help fitting in or finding something else, just ask."
The Girl seemed really nice and forthcoming. But right now, this wasn't really what Sarena wanted.
"No, we... I mean, I am good!"
Sarena's voice came out, a little high pitched because Lilly pushed her middle finger by surprise into the elven butthole, which brought her an angry look from Sarena, but Lilly just gave her a cheeky smile and continued to suck eagerly on her cock, while Sarena mouthed the words, "you bitch!" Down to her, but couldn't hide a smile.
"Are you really sure?" The clerk girl sounded now more skeptical, because of the high pitched voice of the elf behind the curtains.
"Also what are these slurping sounds?, M...miss, what are you d..doing in there?"
Sarena rammed her cock even harder in Lilly's mouth, which made the noises even more obvious, while her demonic girlfriend, gave her a prostate massage. She couldn't stop herself from moaning, as she answered
"N..Nothiiiing!"
With that, she pumped thick loads of cum, down Lilly's throat, who pulled slightly back to let her cum the rest into her mouth, while licking and sucking on the cumming tip of the elven cock, before she swallowed it all.
The clerk was already about to grab the curtains, to pull them open as Lilly did the same shortly after pulling Sarena's pants quickly up, even though, they sowed an obvious tent in her crotch, there wasn't any sign of what the two did in here.
But the clerk had a hunch, as she saw them both and started to blush. But Lilly spoke up before the clerk girl could.
"My friend here just helped me try this stuff on. I think I take this one." She said to the dumbfounded girl.
"It's so hot, I think I just leave it on. That's ok right?"
The clerk needed a moment to pull herself together, she was sure they had both done something naughty, but since she couldn't prove it and was kinda taken by surprise by it, she just nodded while her gaze wandered from Lilly's bulge to the boner in Sarena's pants and back to Lilly and her big breasts, while blushing more and more.
"Shure... yea I think that's ok just... come with me to the counter."
Lilly took her purse, from the pile of clothes and gave Sarena another cheeky smile, while sticking out her tongue before following the clerk, while leaving her girlfriend, with putting the other stuff back into the rack, with her still standing only slowly softening boner.
"I get you back for this!"
She hissed, but had to giggle while looking at her girlfriend, who only responded by shaking her butt from side to side.
As Lilly got to the counter with the part-time girl, she used the fact, that the price tag was on the backside of the bottom part, of her swimsuit, as an excuse to hop on top of it, and present it to her.
The girl blushed as Lilly pulled her demonic tail up, so she could scan the barcode in and remove the anti-theft device, while she couldn't stop looking down, into Lilly's asscrack.
"Did you two had?... Where you?... Back in the changing room, I mean... ehh f..forget what I said." stammered the girl.
Lilly paid for the swimsuit and slid down from the counter again, to lean over it and whisper into her ear.
"Yes, we did." Lilly said and winked at her, without getting into details, what exactly they did and left that to the clerks imagination, while giving her a peck on the cheek, before leaving the shop with Sarena stomping after her to give her a smack on the barely covered ass, but hugging her from behind right after.
"You stupid bitch! We could have been thrown out! Banned from the shop or worse!"
Lilly didn't show any remorse and rubbed her butt instead teasingly at Sarena's crotch, to feel her dick under her pants.
"But you liked it."
Sarena let go of her, starting to blush, as she noticed that they were basically making out with each other in public and pulling in many eyes.
"Of course I liked it!" She hissed silently in Lilly's ear.
"I would even like it if you fuck me right here! On the floor, in front of everyone, until the police pulled us apart! This doesn't mean it's a good idea!"
Lilly let out a sigh after this berating.
"I...I'm sorry."
Sarena shook her head and grabbed Lilly's face to kiss her on the lips.
"Don't be... I mean, we should be at least a little bit careful but... it would be fucking worth it, getting into jail for that with you!"
Hearing that, Lilly beamed at her.
"That doesn't mean I give you the permission to do that here! You Pervert..."
Sarena said, a little bit afraid from Lilly's gaze at her. Who only laughed at Sarena's reaction.
"I know. Don't be afraid, I'm not THAT perverted! Almost yes, but not quite."
Sarena shook her head again and took Lilly's hand to leave the mall.
"I created a sex monster and I don't feel nearly as guilty as I should, letting you loose to the outside world."
The beach wasn't too far away from the mall, but they had still quite a walk. Lilly's appearance was now, of course, quite a bit more skimpy and people could see the bulge in her crotch.
This wasn't too unusual by futas, who whore women's swimsuits and became a more or less common sight, at least at the beach. Walking around in the city like this was clearly not illegal and understandable in weather like this. but still, rather on the lewd side, which made many people avert their gazes a little bit too obvious and let others stare.
But with her cock so deep in her own pussy they couldn't see it getting hard. Lilly on the other hand felt how it pushed against her cervix and drooled lots of precum around it.
Lilly blushed by the reactions she caused. She wasn't without shame, on the contrary, exhibitionism wasn't about being shameless, but the feeling of shame being connected with excitement and arousal. feeling ashamed, made her also feel hot.
They finally made it onto the beach which was quite crowded at the time. something Lilly usually doesn't really like, but having more potential eyes on her barely covered body, made her also equally kinda excited, and nervous.
Both of them took their shoes off before walking down the beach, to find a spot where they could stay and put their stuff down, which took quite a while.
though fewer people proportionally spoken, watched them now, in the end, she had effectively more eyes following her, but the people seem to be much more laid back with it, beside both of them weren't the only two beauties around, who were barely covered. And Lilly could also see some other bulges in the Bikini pants of some girls around. Making it more than obvious they both weren't the only futanari on the beach.
This thought calmed her down a little, but also turned her on, this and of course looking at some futa bulges itself.
Sarena smiled as her eyes followed Lilly's gaze to the crotch of an, seemingly very hung green-skinned orc girl, that was playing volleyball with some other girls, of which about half of them, were also futas.
"Like what you see cutie? Is it the hung green giant? Or the bouncing tits?"
Lilly only blushed and looked down. wich made the Elf raise an eyebrow.
"Something wrong?"
Lilly shook her head.
"No not...really, i'm just.. not sure, what this thing between us is, a very outstretched one-night stand? Friends with benefits? Lovers? I mean... we know each other only since yesterday... or... just today to be more accurate. And I'm not sure if it's ok for me to look at other girls or not."
Sarena laid her head into her neck in thought, before she stopped and let her bag fall down to the ground, as they arrived at a good spot. Where she spread a big woolen blanket, over the patch of grassy sand.
"You know, I'm not sure myself, to be honest. But I do really like you. Not only your body, or your, giant cock! I like you. I won't say, I already knew you in and out. But I can tell at least that you are a person, I would really like to have as a friend. And well, try to stop me from wanting to have sex with you."
She said with a grin, which made Lilly smile.
"And on the other hand, I don't really feel jealousy at all, to be honest. I'm polyamorous. So yea, even if we would be lovers, I would be able and willing to love other people as well, and it would make me a hypocrite, to deny this to you."
Lilly grinned and sat down in front of her new sexy elven friend.
"I already knew you were a naughty one. So you are a nymphomaniac as well?"
Sarena didn't smile but looked at her with a rather serious but not an angry expression.
"I'm not a nympho! I don't have sex with each and anyone I see! Polyamory has nothing to do with sex... well it does, if you have a sex drive, which I certainly have. But it doesn't has to be. Being polyamorous means, I can be, am willing, and have the desire, to be in romantic relationships, with more than one person. Romantic. Not sexually. Well this of course also, but that's not what this is about. many people want to be in multiple sexual relationships, but are unable to maintain a romantic one, with more than one person at the time."
Lilly nodded slowly.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean it that way. But good to know. I... don't really know about that, if... I could be in more than one like this. But I wouldn't be mad at you if you were I guess."
Sarena smiled and pulled Lilly in closer to her.
"This is all I wanted to hear, so don't be ashamed for lusting over another girl, with or without a cock. Just let me watch at least if you fuck her brains out and she is okay with that. And, if she would be into it, I really would also like to join in."
With that and a bright smile on their faces, they gave each other an passionate kiss. Not with tongue or with making out with each other, just passionate and loving. And Lilly could feel a warm tingling in her belly, that had nothing to do with her own cock, pressing against her cervix.