My Friend Sue ©2016 Literocat
[This story began as a short writing essay that was pushed out in twenty minutes. When I considered publishing it here, I embellished a bit, then a bit more. Soon I had a pale Pygmalian story that was better suited to this forum, but began to lose its roots. Ultimately, I decided to combine both versions in an unusual way, as an experiment subject to your votes and comments. So if you choose to participate, please leave your insightful comments;if not, just enjoy either or both versions. The seminal root is now at the top.][Fixed typo 1/12/17] [Swapped positions 8/2/17]
Seminal Essay (ver 1.1)
My friend Sue now lives alone in her abruptly oversized, minimalist home. She approaches it on a serpentine, heat-beaten blacktop road then wearily turns into her arrow-straight, flower-lined driveway.
After a pensive moment of staring blankly at the crimson door of her sky blue home trimmed in brown, she reluctantly unlocks the brushed brass lock and enters her nightly prison. She typically stops and stares, still holding the door open, at once-cluttered rooms. Maybe the divorce wasn't such a good idea after all? It certainly wasn't the relief she expected it to be.
The clean, nearly barren room reminded her of what she used to have. The blank walls remanded the dusty outline of familiar photos, ghosts of family portraits. With no children, they'd both focused on their cats. He'd taken them too!
The single blue recliner, half of an identical set of two, was a favorite hangout of hers and the cherished pets. She ate her dinner without tasting it, watched TV without watching it. Besides eating on the recliner, she slept on it, read and wrote on it - though most of her extended reading was done in the bare, porcelain room.
After finishing her quick microwave dinner, she fell asleep knowing that tomorrow would be the same. At least she'd kept her Miata and took comfort in the drive to and from work - especially when she left the highway and chose the most twisted and dangerous roads,as she always did.
=================================
Extended version
My friend Sue now lives alone in her abruptly oversized, minimalist home. She dejectedly approaches it again on a serpentine, sun-beaten blacktop road. The even, pristine, shimmery road mimics and mocks her barren mind. Once past the gated entry, she passes a dozen ticky-tacky homes until she reaches her cloned dwelling and wearily turns into her arrow-straight, flower-lined driveway.
After a pensive moment of staring blankly at the crimson door of her sky blue home trimmed in brown, she reluctantly unlocks the brushed brass lock and enters her nightly prison. She typically stops and stares, still holding the door open, at the once-cluttered rooms. Maybe the divorce wasn't such a good idea after all? It certainly wasn't the relief she expected it to be.
The clean, nearly barren room reminded her of what she used to have, the empty vows, the lost friends and the miseries. The blank walls remanded the dusty outline of familiar photos, ghosts of family portraits. With no children, they'd both focused on their three cats. He'd taken them too! Three wraiths now happily ran out to great her with their silent meows.
She stripped off all her clothes and left them where they fell as she indifferently walked past the uncovered windows. Neighbors commented to me that they enjoyed the daily show, as did my husband, Jim. I didn't tell her that. After combining a few near random relics from her fridge, she prepared a quick all-in-one microwave dish and a tall glass of Chianti. Then, after a pause to consider eating at the one table and either of two simple, wooden chairs in her stripped kitchen, she decided to eat in front of the TV, as usual.
The single blue recliner, half of an identical set of two, was a favorite hangout of hers and the cherished pets. The recliner became the center of her world so she could avoid the bedroom filled with a double dresser, an oversized Queen bed and too many memories. Besides eating on the recliner, she slept on it, read and wrote on it - though most of her extended reading was done in the bare, porcelain room.
After the divorce was finalized, she read all 1823 pages ofLord of the Rings,several hours at a time. It helped her to immerse herself in Middle Earth and become part of Bilbo then Frodo Baggins's brave bands of Heros. There, SHE MATTERED. She was surprised to find that theDragonriders of P.E.R.N.series was not a fantasy, but drew her into the regressed, future colony world. Imagining the Golden dragon she would Impress made her sigh in comfort. Bonded to a telepathic creature with the loving, trusting, lifelong dedication and reverence of such a beloved being with the merged personality of cats, dogs and horses warmed her empty heart. She read all twenty-five books in that room, twice, then readLord of the Ringsagain before reading thirty volumes ofBabylon 5script books and fifteen B5 novels.
Sue put the food on the TV table by the recliner, but moved to the big Bay windows and stretched listlessly. Staring blankly into my home, she pulled her nipples and pinched them until they were hard. Her other hand moved to her groin and spread open her labia. I had a vague view of pink, but Jim used our Canon 200x zoom lens to capture the most intimate details of her barely moistening pussy. Her legs spread as she seemed to be looking directly into our camera.
The dog walker once again stopped across from her home then sat and 'played' with the dog while subtly playing with himself. I wondered why he didn't just ring her bell. She was an easy mark and would surely welcome him in and listlessly fuck him by the open door, or maybe the Bay window as we watched.
Just as Jim said she wasn't really wet, Sue stopped then sauntered her cute, naked ass to the bathroom. That window was wide open too. Jim recorded her sharply bending to retrieve something from under the sink. He said the camera clearly showed her puckered hole and pretty pussy flowered open as she bent and he was sure she knew we were watching. She dragged a kitchen chair as she ambled back to the Bay window then faced the chair to the window and sat.
A long minute passed before she put her spread feet on the sill and the bathroom toy between her well rounded, small tits. A new performance phase began when she pulled her labia apart and slowly finger fucked herself as she stared at us, or the dog walker. There could be no doubt that she was performing for us, but why wasn't she enjoying it?
Jim asked why her pussy wasn't soaked. While she was married, she confessed to me that she had been a brazen exhibitionist until she met her EX. One of their major conflicts was that she gave that up since she felt he would not understand. She'd get a rush from flashing her panties and bare tits at strangers in bars, malls and other public places. The longer she suppressed her need, the more intense the pressure built within. She began flashing again, without telling her husband, and the thrill came back.
She loved the shocked responses, the smiles, subtle to broad, the winks and the attempted pickups. Sue began dressing scantily in loose, braless tops and very mini skirts that flashed her panties just by striding normally. Her husband noticed the more frequent trips to malls and local shopping in such daring outfits. When he questioned her about it, instead of admitting her addiction, she shaved her labia bare, leaving a fuzzy brown arrow pointing to her pussy, and went shopping - without panties.
In the few times I accompanied her, I witnessed her escalation. Quick flashes weren't enough. Whenever she could, she'd leave one tit hanging outside her top, thru the large arm hole or open blouse for many minutes as we walked the mall. When she saw a 'cute guy,' she'd bend far over for him to give him a prolonged view of her damp, plumped pussy. I saw what he saw. It glistened and puffed up; we saw her lusty invitation and I blushed. Twice on one trip, I watched her loose tube top fall to her waist when she 'accidentally' bumped into someone. She left it at her waist while she smiled at him and said "Ooops," as he stared at her cute tits and perfect, hard nipples.
I asked how she could be so brazen. She didn't answer. The stranger offered to help reset her top and immediately pinched and held her nipples before she answered. He took her smile as consent to continue to grope her in the produce aisle. She turned away from his attempted kiss, but allowed him to finger her wet pussy as I stared, agape. He switched hands and licked his dewy fingers then flipped her skirt up and tucked it into her waistline. That left her naked to any shoppers approaching her and let me watch him deeply finger her denuded vulva in public.
My own pussy was wet and jealous, my fingers pulled my own nipples. He leaned in and bit her nipple, then extracted two wet fingers. As he began to kneel to eat her pussy, four more customers entered the aisle. He licked his fingers, winked and walked away. We both gasped. Sue restored her skirt, turned away from the oncoming carts and began to wrestle her top back in place - as two others with carts stopped to watch her jiggling bare tits. She looked up at the stealth security camera and winked! "I hope you've had enough today, Sue, since I need a stiff cock soon!" She was beaming happily and asked if I understood why she was so thrilled by flashing.
After the divorce, I went to the mall with her and braced for more naked teasing. It started in the parking lot. Since she didn't get out, I walked around to her side to see her sitting with one leg in and one out of the car. That spread her legs widely, pushed her skirt to her hips and left her freshly shaved pussy waiting in the bright sun for any stranger to approach and appreciate her beauty. She slid to the edge of the seat, which opened her lips, and froze there as I stepped aside, wishing my pussy were that pretty.
When a handsome guy came near, she motioned me aside and called out to the stranger. "Excuse me, can you help? I seem to be stuck here. My foot is wedged under the pedals and I'm afraid to yank it out." I shook my head and stepped away to watch. Once the stranger could see over the door, he startled, confused by what he saw and what to do. He gulped and his eyes popped, yet he inched around the door, eyes locked on the wide open, unexcited snatch that beckoned him. Sue twisted her foot firmly under the brake before Sam, the stranger, knelt, placing his face within inches of her dry hole. I stepped to where I could see his face, thick bulge and her open pussy.
"I hope you don't mind my embarrassing situation. Just ignore it." She rocked her knee so her pussy winked at him, as she stared at his thick pants snake and she teased him. She managed to get her exposed leg between his and rubbed his cock with it. He groaned and rubbed back. The invitation was too much, so he ignored her 'stuck' foot and got his face closer to her gaping pussy. I watched him questioningly open her lips, push inside and slowly twist his fingers in her. Absolutely NO response. He pushed back her hood and teased her tiny, limp clit.
I saw his frown and disappointment, yet he licked her dry hole. She hitched her tank top behind her head to leave her tits hanging, fully exposed. Her nipples were soft. After licking a finger, he tried to push into her ass. She didn't resist, or dilate. He opened his pants and released a sizeable, stiff cock. "Maybe you want to handle this to get you going?"
He slowly jerked his prick, pulled back his foreskin and pinched his bishop purple. She barely looked. He wedged three fingers into her cunt and they came out dry. He stood, "That's it! You just ain't in the mood, or punking me and I ain't standing for it!" Well, he was, but as he stood, his cock deliberately slapped her chest and face. She still didn't react. He turned to me, his cock still raging, questioning if I would help relieve him. I shook my head NO so he stroked and shifted his rigid rod against his abs and angrily walked away as he closed his jeans.
That was the last time I went out with her. I knew that at 6:45 a.m. tomorrow she would shower and brush her teeth at her bathroom window, naked, for the pleasure of her audience. The dog walker would be there with at least two friends. She would again perform, aware of her watchers, yet not see them.
Tonight, she played with her Rabbit until she was too raw to continue. She didn't cum since she knew that if she did, she would sob at the intense reminder of what she threw away.
I worried about my friend. After finishing her quick, cold, microwave dinner, she fell asleep knowing that tomorrow would be the same. The weekend was coming, but that was even worse for her. At least she'd kept her classic Triumph TR-3 and took comfort in the drive to and from work - especially when she left the highway and chose the most twisted and dangerous roads,as she always did.
==================================
[Dear readers, tell me what you thought of the imagery, her state of mind, her pets and finally what the ending meant to YOU. Thanks.]
==================/〉_/〉( ~ ~ )» * « Please vote BIG and leave constructive comments. Thanks . . .==== 7 hr 2300 12/5/16 ==== = 2394 Words == ==
12/3/16 seminal image: lonely home entry [8/2/17 reversed the segments per reader suggestions]
gckDecember 4, 2016;December 5, 2016