Tabitha was equal parts excited and nervous. She checked her reflection in the tall window outside The Snowe gallery/mansion. It was a hot day and and the walk up from the parking area had produced a light sheen of sweat over her. Thankfully someone had set up a small table with iced cucumber water under the awning just outside the entrance. Everyone was having a glass as they waited to be admitted inside.
She looked at others. As an artist she spent a lot of time people-watching. She'd study them and try to guess their inner life and speculated how to translate that into her art. Such an unusual mix. She recognized almost everyone from previous visits to the gallery, but she'd never seen them all gathered at the same time. From a pure physical and demographic point of view, no two looked like they would have anything in common. She was probably the youngest, or perhaps second youngest. There was another girl, Willow, about her age, but she was very slight, like a fashion model only not as tall. Tabitha was far from model material herself. She barely topped five foot and her body was more, "generous" as her mother would say. Certainly more polite than being told she had big boobs and giant ass.
Tabitha wasn't the thickest among this crowd though. Samual was pretty hefty. With his white beard he probably could play Santa in a few years, thought Tabitha. Currently there was his filthy fishing tackle box on his lap which Tabitha knew contained his very particular charcoals. Of all the people she'd become with acquainted with from Snowe House, he was the closest. Occasionally they'd get together outside of Snowe events, frequenting museums or other galleries. He was quite an accomplished sketcher and his house was filled with the nudes he'd done over the years. Tabitha thought he had a bit of a crush on her. She'd let him sketch her face, but she was quite embarrassed when he expressed his desire to sketch her nude. She was still shy around her infrequent lovers. Even during sex she'd keep her bra on and even then she tried to hide things under the covers. She couldn't imagine having this old man sketch her in the light of day. It was still sweet that he'd asked though.
Marcus was here. He was a very handsome young man she'd seen at some of Emma's other gallery events. He could be a model too. Very muscular with a handsome face and with deep dark skin. She blushed slightly. What would it be like viewing and participating in this special exhibit next to him? She'd spoken to him briefly, but she was really too shy to engage in anything more than small talk.
The invitation she received was beyond cryptic. "The Art of Ecstasy: An Interactive Exploration Into the Aesthetic of Pleasure." Usually an invitation from the Snowe gallery was just a single page affair with the usual disclaimers restricting photography, on-line sharing, or the occasional update to the NDA. This invitation though. Pages and pages of TOC, signatures, legal disclaimers, etc. etc. Tabitha just scrolled though and agreed to whatever because of the wondrous lure in this invitation. She was being invited to participate, create and display, not just appreciate.
At first she thought the invitation was some sort of mistake. As an artist she had near nothing worthy to her name. Her best showing was at a beach cafe, but only then they hung her acrylic nudes because her friend owned the place. All of her money had been coming from omissions over the internet. As an artist, Tabitha discovered, you can make pretty good bank from creating some pretty lewd stuff. Recently she'd been creating paintings for some dude who wanted pictures of sleeping naked women. He'd send her detailed descriptions about what he wanted. What they should look like, where they fell asleep, what angle they were viewed at. Tabitha had done a whole series of these, and while pornographic in nature, they were actually quite good in her humble opinion. Tabitha had a strong eye for anatomy and understood the nature of light. A few of these paintings almost resembled Rembrandt in their dramatic dark/light compositions. Except they were pictures of a naked woman asleep; specifically her.
Tabitha's anatomy skills were strong because she used her own anatomy as her model. In addition to being painfully shy about her nakedness around other people, she was equally awkward about other people's nudity. In life drawing classes she continually found herself looking away from the model; not only out of embarrassment, but also because she would continually find herself getting aroused and distracted.
When she first started receiving these commissions on her website Tabitha would hunt down nude pictures on the internet to serve as models, even though she felt this was slightly unethical. The thought of using a live model was too distressing so eventually she got the idea in her head to set up her digital camera and use herself as a model. The body type that her patron described matched her own body pretty closely, so she would arrange herself into the poses he requested and would paint from that image.
Tabitha didn't hate her body. She just felt uncomfortable in it around other people. But there was something very liberating about taking her own nudes and creating art from them. Tabitha's ritual was to set up the camera and then start recording video of her pretending to sleep. She'd never admit it, but it started to really turn her on. She would get into the sleeping position her patron requested and then relax her body as if she was asleep. There was something about having the camera record her that she found thrilling; she felt like an exhibitionist. She would often imagine that her patron was watching her through the camera and she pictured him masturbating to her sleeping form. She found herself getting so aroused that she would masturbate as well. Very often after her orgasm she would find herself falling into a deep, actual sleep. Sometimes she'd wake up hours later, her digital camera still rolling. As she reviewed the footage of her laying down, masturbating and falling asleep, she'd often get aroused all over again and have to pleasure herself again. She also discovered in reviewing the footage that she would often masturbate in her sleep! Sometimes she'd use those stills; her hand between her legs as the model for her work, even when not requested by her patron. He was always thrilled by those portraits and paid well for them on top of the work he requested.
Tabitha was actually kind of shocked at how horny she'd become since taking on this work. The work was extremely erotic and also very authentic. After she'd come and fall asleep she could often see her wetness running down from between her legs. And having footage of her actually asleep, completely drained, made for some fantastic art pieces. She'd transfer all the footage to her computer and then find the right still to paint. Very often her painting would be interrupted by very vigorous masturbation sessions as she would fantasize about a lover being driving mad with lust by her naked sleeping form and then inserting himself (or sometimes herself) into her while she slept. When she masturbated during painting sessions she'd often break out the toys for that feeling of being penetrated and stuffed. Most of the poses requested did not involve showing her face so she wasn't particularly worried about being recognized, and in the few poses that did, she would alter herself enough to be unrecognizable. Unless someone had intimate knowledge of her body (and few did) they would never know it was her.
Tabitha looked around the gathering in front of the gallery and wondered if all these people had been chosen for their artistic endeavors. She spied someone else she recognized, though not from the gallery. Augusta Brair, a painter from New Mexico. She was pretty famous (or infamous) for her explicit nudes that she'd been painting for the past 50 years. Tabitha would never be in the same league with someone like her.
The other two people waiting outside were Tomo and Holly. They were chatting so perhaps they knew each other, though they looked like complete opposites. Tomo was very small. Perhaps shorter than herself. He was known for creating exquisite scroll pieces aka kakejiku, some of which had been shown at the Snowe Gallery. Holly who was not an artist, at least not that one that Tabitha was aware of, towered over him. Probably close to six foot. She looked like a porn-star. She had boobs like a porn-star, thought Tabitha. Tabitha had never really spoken with Holly, but she looked vaguely familiar. Maybe she had done a porno. Tabitha didn't watch a lot of porn, but occasionally she'd indulge with a boyfriend or that one girlfriend.
Tabitha sipped from her glass and was silently thankful for it again. She was thankful for every Emma Snowe had done for the arts community. This gallery was such a hidden treasure. It wasn't really a gallery, it was actually Emma's home which she generously turned into the most exclusive gallery in existence.
When Tabitha first heard the rumor about it, she thought it must be bullshit. This woman, who must be worth a billion, if not billions, just opens her house and allows strangers to view her art? It couldn't possibly be true. Emma thought about that first call she made, almost on a dare.
"Hello, Snowe House." The woman's voice was warm, but still had a no non-sense tone.
"Uh, yeah, Hi. My name's Tabitha. This might sound strange and if I've been mislead I completely apologize for wasting your time...but I heard Ms. Snowe has some impressionist art she's letting people view and I was wondering if I could arrange a time to see the collection. Again, I'm very sorry if I have incorrect information..."
"May I inquire as to how you received this information and this phone number?"
Tabitha's heart sunk. Uh oh.
"Oh, God, I'm so sorry, I was at a party with some art school friends and..."
"No need to go on," the voice said. "These things happen, but we like to keep access to our collection to a very limited number of people. This number will no longer be available after today."
Tabitha felt awful.
"I hope I didn't get anyone in trouble, I-"
The voice cut her off. "We require a high degree of discretion from our patrons. Tell me Tabitha. Are you a discreet person?"
Tabitha hesitated for a moment, taken aback by the blunt question. "Yes. I can be very discreet."
"That's good to hear. You sound like someone who appreciates art, perhaps it's time we added someone to our roster," said the voice. "How is your schedule this week? We are having a small showing tomorrow at 2 and there is an opening for a single person. Would that be convenient for you?"
Tabitha arrived at the manor the next day and was admitted with a small group of people who she would be become well acquainted with. Almost all of them had been coming for years and they were surprised, but delighted to have a newcomer among them.
Janice, the mojo domo whom she'd spoken to on the phone, admitted them into the residence. Walking in, it was more like a museum than a house. The foyer felt like a lobby. Janice welcomed them all, and singled out Tabitha, introducing her to the rest of the group. She explained the rules of the house and showed Tabitha where to place her purse and phone. She also handed her a lengthy NDA which Tabitha skimmed over and signed. She also had Tabitha remove her shoes and don some comfy slippers.
Once everyone had put away there belongings, Janice lead them into them main gallery. It was as large as a ballroom and on every wall adorned some of the most famous works of impressionist art Tabitha had ever seen assembled in one place. For legal reasons, those works of arts cannot be named in this accounting.
The entire first floor of the Snowe House was laid out like a museum. Each room lead into another making a complete circuit. Aside from some of the very famous pieces there were other unknown works to be found. Tabitha found herself in awe of all of it.
One room contained a single wall-sized canvas of a particularly well known French impressionist piece. Tabitha sat down on the bench and gazed at it; taking it all in. It was so beautiful. She began to cry. She reached for her purse to find a tissue, but then remembered she'd put her purse in the cubby in the lobby.
Just then a hand snaked in from behind her with a handkerchief.
She took it and wiped her eyes.
"Thank you, I'm sorry, I'm just so moved by this it's..."
A hand laid firmly on her shoulder.
"Shhh..."said a soft feminine voice. "You don't have to put it into words. I know how you feel. Let it wash over you. Let the painting envelop you. It's meant to."
Tabitha stopped crying and took it all in. The colors; the shapes; the place it transported her to; she absorbed it all. The woman's other hand laid on her other shoulder and began to sway her about gently.
"Welcome to my gallery." said a soft voice next to her ear. "I always welcome someone who is unafraid to show their emotions about art."
Tabitha thought about turning around. This must Emma Snowe herself. But she thought better of it and just enjoyed the gentle swaying and art in front of her After a while the hands left her shoulders and she felt she was alone once more.
And so this was Tabitha's secret art pleasure for the past two years. About a month or so an email with a date and time and then a very selective viewing of some the most incredible art she'd ever seen; everything from the classics to the abstract. Occasionally there would be a screening of video art or performance pieces. Even the occasional classic film.
In the past year the Snowe gallery added a very modern touch by providing guests with stereo earbuds that would guide them through the gallery talking about the art works being displayed. For contemporary works the artists would often talk about the process or the background of the piece. But for other works, Emma would often narrate the journey herself. Tabitha was rather surprised when she received a pair of very high-end buds that came in a case engraved with her name on it.
Emma would start off each of her narrations with the same playful introduction: "Hello. This is Emma Snowe. Thank you for letting me enter your mind to to guide you through a wondrous journey."
Her narrations varied from the technical to the poetic. For one show of abstract works her narration become almost a meditation, repeated mantras and gentle instructions moving you through the galleries which ended inside the theater which played a looping abstract piece of throbbing colors that synchronized with soothing sounds in the ear pieces. Tabitha was so absorbed in this piece and the audio that she fell asleep in the comfy over-sized theater recliners. She was so embarrassed when she awoke to Janice gently stroking her arm to get her to wake up.
Tabitha visited the gallery almost every day during that abstract show (though she had to get special permission to visit so frequently.) She enjoyed the art, but mostly she enjoyed listening to the meditations that Emma narrated. She enjoyed entering the theater at the end of the audio tour and sinking into the chairs and then falling into a deep sleep every time. Coincidentally, while the abstract exhibit was at the gallery, she got her first commission for her 'sleeping nudes' series.
Falling asleep in the Snowe theater became a regular habit of Tabitha's and even became something of an inside joke between her and Janice. No matter what the exhibit was, whether it was mosaics, or Roman-Greco statuary, Tabitha would find herself in theater at the end and drift off to sleep listening to Emma.
"You must not be getting enough sleep at home!" joked Janice after waking her up again.
"Please don't be cross with me, Janice!," Emma replied. "There's just something about her voice...it's so soothing, it just makes me want to close my eyes for just a minute...and then the next thing I know you're waking me up! And it's not just me! I've seen you wake up other people!"
"Maybe you find Ms. Snowe's talks rather boring." Janice replied.
"No!" Emma exclaimed. "They're fascinating, it's just when we get into the theater...it's these damned recliners! They're too comfy! And then Emma talks about relaxing and reflecting..it just like my mind goes completely blank!"
As Tabitha was thinking about her experiences at the Snowe, the door opened and Janice appeared.
"Welcome everyone." she said brightly. "We are so glad you can make it. Please come in and we'll get started."
Tabitha finished the rest of her cucumber water and made her way in. Samual stood just behind her.
"Hello Tabby. I was hoping you'd be here today," he said, in a friendly but slightly lecherous way.
Tabitha smiled back at him. "Yeah, I'll bet you did. Do you have any idea what this show is? Has anyone seen it?"
"Not that I know of." he replied. "But you haven't talked to anyone about his have you? Didn't you read that NDA?"
"Kind...of" Tabitha replied sheepishly. "Is there something I should know?"
Samual laughed. "Probably...I mean, I didn't read it. I'd wager no one did."
The guests emptied their pockets and deposited their purses into the cubbies.
"What should I do with my supplies?" Samual asked Janice.
"Just leave them on the bench and we'll bring them to you when we're ready." said Janice. She turned to Tabitha. "Do you have some brushes with you?"
Now Tabitha felt really embarrassed she didn't read the invite more closely.
"Uh, I was hoping there were going to be some here I could use."
"Oh yes," said Janice. We have plenty of supplies. It won't be a problem. Here are your buds."
Janice handed Tabitha a small earbud case that had her name on it. On a tray she had cases for everyone and handed them out. Tabitha was glad they got their own buds. More hygienic And it made it her feel special. She always looked forward to hearing Emma's voice in her head. It was soothing and comforting. When everything else in her life might be going sideways, but she could always count on Emma's voice to take her to a special place. She placed them in her ears and turned them on. There was a soft hum playing that had an occasional 'bump' in it. Other than that, nothing.
Once everyone had their earbuds on, Janice addressed the group.
"On behalf of Emma Snowe and the Snowe Gallery, I'd like to welcome all of you today, for what promises to be an exhilarating show. This is the premiere of "The Art of Ecstasy: An Interactive Exploration Into the Aesthetic of Pleasure." and the lot of you will be the first to experience it. I applaud you all for your bravery and open-mindedness in undertaking this experience. I'm sure you read in the documentation some of what the experience entails."
Tabitha looked around. It was pretty clear that no one, save maybe for Augusta had read the documentation
"Now if you'll follow me into the theater, we will begin."
Janice opened the doors to the theaters and everyone shuffled in. The lights were low and the screen was black. The theater seated 20 people, so there was plenty of room for everyone to spread out. Tabitha took a seat near the front. She sat down, kind of nervous, but also kind of excited. She kicked her slippered feet up an down a bit, but then felt her seat begin to recline and the foot rest automatically begin to raise her legs.
A voice spoke to her through her ear buds.
"Good afternoon Tabitha. I'm glad you came." It was Emma. But she addressed Tabitha by name. She must have personalized the recordings for everyone, thought Emma. A nice touch.
Emma continued. "This is Emma. Thank you for letting me enter your mind to to guide you through a wondrous journey. Now I want you to relax and still your mind and I will guide you through this amazing experience. Relax your body."
Tabitha felt tingles throughout her body as she heard that. A wave of relaxation just swept through her and her body felt heavy against the recliner.
The lights began to dim and Emma spoke again some faint atonal music swelled slightly behind her voice. "You are here today to have a wonderful experience. An exploration of beauty. An exploration of ecstasy You will make art. And you will become art."
A small white dot appeared on the screen. Emma spoke. "I want you to look a the dot on the screen. Focus on it with all your concentration. Let everything else just fade away so that there is only the dot. Good."
It suddenly and clearly occurred to Tabitha that she, and everyone else in the room were about to be hypnotized, and she wasn't sure how she felt about it. She wondered how this tied into theme of the show and if it had been buried somewhere in the avalanche of documents she didn't read. She had thought the show was going to be about the history of sexuality in art, but now she suspected it might be something else. The word "interactive" suddenly stuck out at her. Was she going to be made to do something sexual? Tabitha knew that a hypnotized person couldn't be made to do something they didn't want to do. At least that's what she thought was supposed to happen. For a moment she thought about getting up. But it would be so embarrassing What would everyone else think? That she was afraid? Tabitha looked at the dot and thought to herself that maybe she'd just pretend to be hypnotized. She'd go through the motions but she'd stay conscious and aware. No one can be forced into hypnosis. Right? That was the plan. Just go through the motions and play along.
The theater lights dimmed all the way down, and Tabitha noticed her recliner was almost all the way back. Emma spoke again. "Now I want you to direct your conscious mind to your feet. Let your feet occupy the entirety of your mind. Feel how heavy they are and how relaxed they are against the recliner. Now I want you to breathe in...and when I tell you to breathe out, I want you to forget about your feet...just let them go while you stare lazily at the dot in front of you."
Tabitha followed her instructions. At the same time though she started a mantra in her head. "I am not hypnotized. I am not hypnotized."
As Tabitha breathed out she did notice that her feet did seem to fade away though. Well of course, they are on this soft recliner. It makes sense that she was no longer aware of them. Though she thought it odd that she felt so very tired, but also hyper-focused on Emma's voice. They wouldn't have drugged the water outside would they? No, that would be beyond unethical. She wondered what everyone else thought about this ambush hypnosis. Of course, maybe they had read through the documentation.
Emma continued. "You're doing very well. Now I want you to breathe in again. This time I want you to be aware of your legs and pelvis. Notice how they feel. Notice how heavy and relaxed they feel. And when you breathe in, I also want to close your heavy eyes. Your eyes are becoming very heavy, so tired from staring at the dot. Breathe in."
Tabitha breathed in and closed her eyes. It did feel good to close them. They were getting pretty tired and heavy from staring at the dot. She took note of her legs and pelvis. And her butt. Her ample butt felt real good in this chair. So relaxed.
Emma continued. "Now when you breathe out, I went you to forget about your legs and torso, just let them fade away and open your eyes and stare at the dot once again. You will find it hard to open your heavy eyes, but you will be able to do so to look at the dot again. Now breathe out."
Tabitha assured herself again she was not hypnotized, but she certainly agreed that she did not want to her open her eyes. She really would have much preferred to keep them closed as they did feel rather heavy. She reluctantly opened her eyes and stared at the white dot again. It seemed to pulse slightly, almost as a reward for being observed again. She also noticed that the entire lower half of her body seemed to be gone. Just melted away. Maybe being hypnotized wouldn't be so bad. Ms. Snowe is a respectable patron of the arts. She would never do anything unsavory. Right? Perhaps just flow with this. If things got wonky Tabitha could just snap out of it.
Emma spoke into her mind again. "On this next breath in, I want you to focus on your torso and your arms, be aware of them, be aware of how heavy they feel in the recliner. And I want you to all your heavy eyes to close. They feel so drowsy now, so sleepy. And in your mind's eye, I want you to picture the white dot. And breathe in."
Tabitha breathed in and let her eyes close. She could imagine the white dot quite clearly.
"Now as you are picturing that dot in your mind,"Emma continued. "I want you to change its color. Slowly change it from white to red. Red like a stop sign red. See it there, hovering. A red dot."
This was easy for Tabitha. She imagined it would probably easy for all these artists here.
"Now when you breathe out, I want you to open your eyes. Let your arms and torso melt away, and I want to you look at the dot on the screen. Use the power of your mind to see it as the same color as you see it in your mind right now."
This suggestion started Tabitha a bit. Could this really happen? What would it mean if she saw the dot as red?
"Breathe out, open your eyes and stare at the dot."
Tabitha didn't want to open her eyes. She was afraid. Afraid she'd see a red dot, which would mean--
But she felt her eyes opening, she couldn't stop them and it was just as feared. The white dot looked red to her. Which meant...she must be hypnotized.
Before she could process this any more there she heard a sharp finger snap.
"Sleep!"
Tabitha felt her eyes slam shut, completely on their own and felt her body just collapse into the recliner. Everything felt heavy and limp, her body, her mind. She couldn't even form thoughts. She couldn't even listen. She had a vague awareness that words were being spoken, but she couldn't hear them, she could only hear sounds but they sounded far away, like coming from a hidden speaker that was muffled by a pillow.
Her next coherent thought was the sound of a finger snap, followed by Emma's voice saying, "..and 5, open your eyes, still deeply hypnotized."
Tabitha felt life come back to her body. Her eyes opened and she was aware of how she felt and where she was. She was also aware that she had just been hypnotized and with that awareness was a mix of curiosity and excitement. For a moment it occurred to her that she should be angry, but for some reason she wasn't. The recliner was slowly adjusting back in to its upright position.
"Tabitha?" Emma's voice spoke to her.
"Yes Emma." Tabitha responded. Along with everyone else, almost completely in union.
"You are doing so well, and I am very pleased with you."
This made Tabitha feel good. It felt good to make Emma proud of her. Tabitha smiled.
"And now I think you will find it very pleasurable and right to remove your clothes, which have become very uncomfortable. Very constricting and unpleasant. You will feel very comfortable being naked with your friends. We will enjoy looking at your beautiful body and you will enjoy being observed by us. It will give you great pleasure."
Tabitha's mind raced. This was the break point. She thought about how a hypnotized person couldn't do something they didn't want to do. They would just wake up. And she wasn't even in hypnosis, right? She was awake. Wasn't she? She stood up and turned around to look at everyone else in the room. Sure enough they were all in the process of getting undressed. They didn't seem like mindless zombies to her. They were just doing it as naturally if they were home in their bedroom. It was at this point that Tabitha noticed that she was also taking off her clothes. She had unfastened the last button on her blouse and was slipping it off her shoulders. She tried to will her hands to stop, but they seemed to moving on their own. She tried harder to will her hands to stop, but she was met with a spike of anxiety. It felt like if she tried to stop herself from undressing something unspecifically bad would happen. It felt like leaving the house and wondering if the burner was off. Letting her hands undress her...it was like going back in and seeing that yes, the burner was indeed off. And when her blouse came off, it felt so good, so right, even pleasurable. She should keep going.
Now her hands were working the zipper on her skirt. Oh God, everyone would see her underwear. She had on pretty underwear that day and it was okay for everyone to see. In fact she was starting to come around to the idea that she wanted everyone to see her completely naked. And she wanted to see them naked too.
Holly was in the row behind her. She'd just finished stepping out of her slacks and she was neatly folding her clothes and putting them on her chair. She had a great looking ass. Very round and muscular. She must do squats, Tabitha thought. Holly turned back around and her arms hung loosely at her sides. She looked placid. Peaceful. Dreamy. She was looking right at Tabitha. Looking up and down her body. Tabitha admired her breasts; large and well formed with puffy suckable nipples. Her bush was neatly trimmed and pussy looked just a little puffy as well.
"I like your body," Tabitha said as she was removing her bra. She didn't know why she said it. It just felt natural.
Holly smiled and looked down at Tabitha. "Thank you," Holly said. "Your breasts are lovely. I'll bet they feel wonderful."
Tabitha finished undressing and placed her clothes neatly on her chair as Holly had. Everyone had finished undressing and were standing in front of their recliners; with relaxed-looking expressions. It appeared as if all the men had erections, but they seemed oblivious to that fact. Tabitha turned around and looked at the screen once more. She was hoping that Holly and the others would get a good look at her wonderful giant ass and appreciate it's proportion to her waist.
Emma spoke to her again. "Close your eyes Tabitha and relax. Let your head droop forward, let your eyes close and fall deeper into hypnosis for me." Tabitha and the rest of the group obeyed. The world went blank.
The next thing Tabitha knew, Emma was speaking to her again. But it was not through her headphones. It sounded like she was in the room. Right in front of her. She felt a familiar hand on her shoulder. "...and 5...and open your eyes for me, Tabitha."
Tabitha opened her eyes and lifted her head. Standing in front of her was the source of the voice. Emma Snowe herself. Other than her first encounter in the gallery, this was the first time she'd ever met her. She was beautiful. Tabitha had to look up at her to see her face. When she opened her eyes she was eye-level with her modest breasts. Emma thought it was strange that Emma was naked, but it made her feel more comfortable about her own nakedness.
Tabitha took in Emma. She was probably just under 5'10 and had the most gorgeous long shiny silver hair that made her look older than she probably was. Perhaps she was 40? Tabitha had seen pictures of her, but it was different seeing her in person. And in the nude. Tabitha looked down and noticed her pubic hair was also silvery. Tabitha laughed.
Emma found this humorous. "What's funny Tabitha?"
"Your pubes are silvery. I was wondering if you dye them." Tabitha was horrified at what was coming out of her mouth. What an undignified thing to say to anyone! Especially Ms. Snowe! But for some reason she felt okay about saying it.
"No, they just come in grey like that." Emma said. "I suppose if I were more vain I'd be concerned but I'm comfortable with how they are. What color is your pubic hair, Tabitha?"
Tabitha thought this was hilarious. Talking about pubic hair with Ms. Snowe. She snort laughed.
"I don't know. Regular color I guess. Why don't you check?"
Emma smiled. "Okay, I will."
Tabitha thought this was super funny. Emma knelt down to get a good look at Tabitha's pussy.
"You have a beautiful pussy.You look a little damp down here, Tabitha," Emma said. "Are you a bit aroused?"
Tabitha snorted again at this obvious question. "Duh!" she said. "I'm more than a bit aroused! I'm actually really horny! Everything....everything feels so good. I really, really want to touch my boobs!"
Emma stood back up. "Why don't you? I'd love to see you touch your breasts. I'd love to see what makes you feel good. Why don't we do it together?"
Emma took her hands and began to massage her own breasts. Tabitha watched in rapt attention and then mirrored her movements. She began to moan slightly has her hand caressed over herself.
"Doesn't that feel nice?" asked Emma.
"Oh yes," Tabitha moaned. "So nice, but I want to touch my pussy. I want to come! I need to come!"
Emma smiled, a little wickedly. "Yes that sounds it would be very pleasurable. But you can't touch your pussy yet. You can't come yet. Why don't you sit back down and we'll get you comfortable."
Emma guided Tabitha down to her seat. Her clothes were gone and there was a large towel covering the recliner. As Tabitha sat, Emma pressed the controls on the side and soon Tabitha was completely reclined. Her hands were still vigorously massaging her boobs. Emma put her hand on Tabitha's shoulder.
"Tabitha I need you to relax for me now, let your arms gently rest by your side."
Tabitha's arms moved off her breasts and rested by her sides.
"I want you to do a very sexy thing for me Tabitha. Will you do that for me?" asked Emma.
Tabitha squirmed. "Yes Emma."
"I like watching you masturbate in your sleep. It's very arousing and you look very sexy when you do it."
Emma reached down below Tabitha's seat and retrieved what looked to be a medical gas mask and placed it over Tabitha's mouth and nose. It was not connected to anything though, the other end was open.
"I'm placing a gas mask over you and in a moment I'm going to sedate you with a very special kind of gas. When you breathe it in, it will make you very sleepy and also very horny. You will find that you will be unable to stay awake, and when you are completely asleep, you will find that your hands will be able to masturbate you to a tremendous orgasm. Do you understand?"
"Yes Emma."
In Tabitha's ear pieces there was a faint hiss, like gas.
"I'm releasing the gas now. Feel it filling your lungs. Can you smell how sweet it is?"
Tabitha inhaled deeply. She could definitely smell the sweet gas. Like cotton candy.
"Now I want you to try to count backward from 10, but you'll find that the gas will render you completely asleep before you can reach 0. And when you fall asleep you will be free to masturbate and bring yourself release."
Tabitha began to count. She struggled to keep her eyes open as she spoke the numbers. "10....9....8......7.....6......." That was as far as she got before her eyes closed all the way.
Emma removed the mask from the face and looked down at her. She stepped to the side as not to block the view of the camera that was recording Tabitha.
Tabitha had no sooner fallen into a deep sleep, when her hands began to make their way down to her needy pussy. Absent-mindedly she began to rub and stroke all around. Her face showed the intense pleasure that coursing through her.
Like most of her sleeping masturbation sessions, there was a certain laziness about it. There was no rush, no mad dash to finish. Just a steady and rhythmic rubbing. After some time her face began to seize up. She was reaching her orgasm. Her hands moved faster and a contented moan came from her lips. Then her hands stopped their rubbing and fell to her side as she was completely satisfied.
Off to the side, Emma watched this demonstration with intense zeal as she masturbated herself. It was one thing to watch the videos that Tabitha had been unknowingly uploading to her for the past few months, but to see this performance in person. It was unbearable. Emma didn't think she would be so turned on, but seeing this, right before in the flesh, was too much, and she needed some relief. She was grateful there was no one else in theater but her and Tabitha. She wondered what the others were thinking as they watched this on the closed circuit display in the studio.
Emma brought herself to a shuddering climax, almost hyperventilating while looking at Tabitha's sleeping form. Emma thought about letting her sleep, but there was so much more to do. Emma pressed the recliner remote and it began to reset to upright. She put her hand on Tabitha's shoulder.
"When I count to 5 you will open your eyes, still deeply hypnotized. 1, 2,3,4...5."
Tabitha opened her eyes.
"How do you feel?" asked Emma.
"I feel wonderful, Emma."
Emma smiled. "I'm glad to hear it. Follow me an we will join the others."
Emma helped Tabitha out of her chair and lead her out of the theater. It was odd being naked in a place that was usually a social gathering. It was also odd following this naked woman around but it did not overly concern Tabitha.
They entered the main gallery. The walls were not covered with the usual master works but instead with art she recognized as being created from members of the group. But works she did not recognize. On her immediate left was a collection of Samual's sketches. However they weren't the usual female nudes. They were all self-portraits of Samual in various states of arousal and self-stimulation. The first sketch was a giant portrait of Samual staring blankly at the viewer. His penis was almost non-existent, just a bulbous head buried in a generous bush of dark pubic hair. His hands hung limply at his sides. Tabitha wondered if he was in a state of hypnosis in this pose.
Another side view showed his penis at its most rigid. It was still small, made smaller still by Samual's girth, but it had a certain aesthetic beauty to it. The circumcised head seemed to glisten and point defiantly against the rest of Samual's sagging flesh.
Another view showed Samual's hand wrapped around his penis and his face expressing what could be anguish or pleasure.
After Samual's exhibit was a larger collection of Augusta's work. It was an interesting contrast to Samual's. Augusta's seemed...less honest, more flowery. There was plenty of female genitalia but they were not connected to people. Just anonymous pelvises giving her work a semblance of soft-focus yet, clinical study. Perhaps that was the point of it. That people are just parts.
Past that was some of Tomo's work. His scrolls were usually long historical recreations of ancient Japan, but instead there was an enormous scroll of sex. Tabitha looked at it closely. It appeared to be someone's sexual history. Tabitha was pretty sure it was his. The main character that appeared throughout very strongly resembled him. It ran the gambit of comical to sensuous. Starting off with what have might have been his first embarrassing erection; it looks like he's at his school desk, then perhaps, his first wet dream, and then to some teen-age make out sessions. The scroll went on to depict Tomo's every sexual partner. So many women, a few men. Every position was covered, every act. It looks like there might have been a pregnancy and a subsequent abortion. At the end of the scroll it appeared to depict Tomo sleeping in one of the the theater recliners. He is naked and has an immense erection. Emma in in this portion. Large and looming over him, like a ghost. Whispering in his ear.
Tabitha looked across the room. She could see other works depicting Marcus, Willow and Holly, but they were too small and too far away to get a clearer view.
And then Tabitha stopped. She had a feeling what she might find her in the gallery given what she'd already gone through. It was her work. Her sleeping self-portraits that a mysterious patron had been buying. It was one thing to see her work in her home. On an easel. But to see them here. Framed and hung in a gallery. It was overwhelming.
She stared at her naked figure. Some poses were quite modest. Taken from the side while she slept on her side, with only her naked back exposed to the viewer. Some of the poses were her draped over her bed with legs hanging over the side, salaciously apart. In one she had her hand buried lazily atop her pussy while she sleep-masturbated. Another portrait, Tabitha had almost forget she'd painted this one, was a close up of her butt sticking out from underneath the sheets. Moisture was dripping down her ass cheek, evidence of her orgasm. Rounding out her series was a rather tame nude. It was one that had been displayed at the cafe. It was the first one she'd ever sold. It was so tepid and lifeless compared to the rest. She looked at all the pictures. She thought she'd just been making someone's personal pornography, but looking at them here, assembled together, she could appreciate her talent with a different eye.
Tabitha pointed at the cafe nude.
"Why did you include this one? It's pretty terrible." Tabitha asked.
Emma smiled. "Because I wanted you...and them to see what art without passion is. This portrait isn't terrible, it's serviceable, but next to these, where the artist is impassioned, enthralled...well it's night and day. When I hypnotized you all those months ago I had hoped I could inspire you to make some beautiful works."
Tabitha was taken aback. "Wait, you've hypnotized me before?" Even as she said it, Tabitha knew the answer. All those times she 'fell asleep' in the theater. It was Emma hypnotizing her.
Emma laughed. "I've been hypnotizing you for months. When you fell so incredibly deep into hypnosis during the abstract art exhibit last year I knew you would be a prime candidate for this experiment. Each time you listened to my voice I would place you into ever increasingly deeper trances. All the sleeping self-portraits...all those sleepy masturbation sessions...those were all directed by my hypnotic commands. You and I...we've talked for hours but all your memories of that were washed away. Same for the others. You are all exquisite somnambulists. Why do you think you fell so easily today? You are very conditioned to my voice."
Tabitha thought this through for a moment. "I should be mad, but I'm guessing you hypnotized me not to be, right?"
Emma gestured to Tabitha's work. "Look at what you have created. These are masterful. How could you possibly be mad when I was able to unlock this artistry in you? We've even talked about in discussions you can't remember."
Tabitha could not disagree.
"Now let's join the others." said Emma and she lead Tabitha back into the studio portion of the gallery.
As they opened the door Tabitha was a little shocked. Not by the gathering of her nude companions. Her mind didn't even seem to register that anymore as something to be shocked about. She was shocked about what they working on.
On the large video monitor there was a still image. It was her in the middle of the orgasm she had just experienced. Each of the artists were working on sketches of her. Augusta was focusing on just her hand and genitals, while Samual was sketching her entire body. Willow was sketching just a close up of her face, trying to capture the absolute pleasure of the moment.
The shock Tabitha quickly abated to enjoyment as her conditioning kicked in. A voice in head reminded her that she enjoyed people looking at her, enjoyed her moments of pleasure and a sleepy smile came across her face. Emma noticed the change and was pleased her suggestions were taking their desired effect.
The group didn't even look up at Tabitha or Emma when they entered; they were completely absorbed in their work. Tabitha walked around the room, looking at their work and admiring their naked bodies. She stood behind Samual and watched him sketching. She wanted to touch him but she was unsure if it was allowed. Emma noticed her hesitation.
Emma nodded. "You can touch him, but he may not know you are there. He is concentrating very hard on finishing his sketch of you."
Tabitha touched Samual on his back and ran her hand down to his butt. He was hairy all over. She moved around his front and looked downward. His penis was sticking straight out, twitching slightly with some urgency. His balls were tight against his body. She wanted to stroke him down there, but she was afraid it would break his concentration.
Tabitha looked around the room. Looked at the naked bodies furiously working on their art with fevered concentration. Some were sweating. They looked tense and focused. She looked at Augusta. She'd never seen a old woman naked in the flesh before. All the wrinkles. All that sag. Her bony buttocks. Next to her was Holly, her opposite. Tight skin over muscles. An amazing toned ass. It was interesting that Holly's work was terrible. It was obvious she was no artist. But she was doing her best. A very crude pencil sketch. As one hand shading, the other was absent-mindedly caressing her breast. Her whole body looked tense; focused. Tabitha noticed her butt was clenched tightly.
Next to her was Willow who looked as petite as a child. Small and gentle with slim hip and very little bust. Her brow was furrowed in concentration as worked on Tabitha's face and the pleasure it displayed. She was using her free hand to caress up and down the inside of taught thigh.
Handsome Marcus, her secret crush was next to her. Like an ebony god. His skin was so dark. She walked in front of him and crouched down to look at his penis. She was so curious. It was beautifully erect and delightfully uncircumcised. She'd never seen an uncircumcised one before and she crept closer to get a better view. Marcus did not look at her. He was very absorbed in his drawing. His penis twitched in a steady rhythm.
On the end was Tomo. His penis was also erect and delightful upward curve to it. He was so slim and hairless that it looked quite big in comparison. There was just a hint of pre-cum at the tip. His balls were also sucked tight to his body. It looked as if we has going to come soon. She wanted to suck and fondle these penises so badly but she didn't want to disturb their work. She stood up and walked behind them and observed them. Tomo's picture told a story. There were several drawings of her. Standing; laying on the recliner. Masturbating. And coming. Tomo was furiously putting the final touches on this drawing, he made a final, definite line and then she heard him groan and drop his pen.
She was surprised by the copious amounts of cum that violently ejaculated from his penis, splattering the picture he'd just completed. Spurt after spurt as he groaned and groaned. Not touching himself, just spontaneously orgasming from the completion of the art. Tabitha vaguely was putting it together that this must be a hypnotic command.
Suddenly, as if triggered by Tomo's orgasm, the entire room began to erupt in an orgasmic orgy. Marcus next to him dropped his pencil and also began to have an intense ejaculation, his hips thrusting into an invisible lover.
It seemed like all the women, then, Augusta, Willow and Holly, came at once. Augusta just stood there in front of her work panting an groaning as her body shook. Holly and willow both collapsed to the ground. Holly curled forward on her knees, curled into a ball and buckled up, her hands plunging into herself from behind. Willow laid on her back and convulsed upward while both hands worked at her pussy.
Only Samual had not come yet. His work was not complete, but Tabitha could tell he was close. He added a few more lines and then....a loud moan and an immense ejaculation. Semen shot out of penis in a single long stream adorning his drawing with a bright white splotch that began to run down and mix with the dark charcoal. He fell to his knees and groaned again. Tabitha bent down and watched as another tremendous load streamed out of his penis onto the floor. He groaned and collapsed. Fully spent, he laid down on his stomach and closed his eyes.
Tabitha looked at the others and saw them all following suit. So exhausted from their orgasm, or perhaps responding to a hypnotic command they were soon all on the floor, apparently deep asleep.
Tabitha heard another moan. She looked back and saw Emma, completely absorbed in this shared orgasmic experience she had orchestrated. She was furiously rubbing herself and was cumming herself.
"Tabitha," she moaned. "I need you to join them. I need a moment for myself. I need you to sleep for me."
Tabitha wanted to object, but then felt a heavy wave of lethargy come over her. She sank to her knees then laid down on her side and soon she was fast asleep with the others. Her hand, out of habit, made its way between her damp thighs.