David and Angela landed in the sun-drenched island of Santorini, Greece full of excitement for the week ahead. The young couple had had a sex filled passionate relationship over the last few months. Passionate sex had been a daily occurrence more or less, and the two had had a little fun already on the plane. David had brought Angela to a silent and sweaty climax amongst the tourists with the skilful use of only two fingers.
After grabbing their bags from the carousel, they jumped into a taxi driven by an elderly twinkly eyed Greek man. As Angela rubbed David's crotch throughout the journey, the driver regaled tales of his youth and gave them some tips on the local wine and food. Hard as a rock, David had to hide his erection as he left the taxi, and checked in with a stunning, raven haired receptionist.
A little hot and flustered after hours of travel, they both wanted to hit the pool. It had looked stunning on the hotel website, and they couldn't wait to cool off and start off a relaxing week. Upon entering their room, they unzipped their suitcases and grabbed their swimwear. Stripping off David put on a handsome pair of charcoal grey swim shorts, showing off his stocky muscular body. Angela slipped on a skimpy two-piece royal blue string bikini. The thin material hugged her curves perfectly. David stood and admired his woman, standing 5'4'' with generous DD breasts. "Give us a twirl" he said. Angela rotated, swishing her long dark hair whilst David appreciated her round bottom, perfectly framed by her bikini bottoms.
They walked on to the deck, and threw their towels on a couple's sun lounger, then dove into the pool. They were alone in the pool area apart from one middle aged couple tanning on the opposite side. Horsing around David splashed Angela with the cold water, making her scream. "stop it!" she yelled, "you're getting me wet!" - "I'm a bit of an expert in that area" David grinned as he grabbed her by the waist and pulled her towards him. Wrapping her legs around him, they shared a kiss that was maybe too passionate considering they had company. Clocking the aloof reaction of the couple David grabbed Angela's face and held her for a deep French kiss. "what's that I'm feeling" his girlfriend joked playfully. "Just a little something for you" he grinned, "little is definitely the word!" as Angela jumped off him and splashed him in the face. "You little bitch!" he chased after her, but stopped as Angela stepped out of the pool, just to admire her round posterior.
"Time to top up our tans" Angela said, walking towards their loungers. Angela was an uninhibited spirit, and loved to tan topless. She didn't care what the couple across the pool saw, so she quickly untied her top, threw it down by her bag and lay down on the lounger, her pale breasts softly bouncing. "Will you do me?" she asked David, gesturing towards the sun tan lotion. "I'd do you every day of the week- and twice on Sundays" he smirked. Squirting a generous amount of lotion on his hands, he reached for Angela's full breasts....as she turned over to her front. "Back first" she teased.
David began kneading the lotion into her shoulders and back, and slowly moved further south. Her taught lower back wiggled against him as he then began to slip his fingertips just under her waist band, just teasingly prodding the top of her firm arse. Next were her toned yet deliciously thick thighs, which were waxed gloriously smooth. As Davis rubbed the last of the lotion into her calves Angela spun round, looking radiant in the hot summer sun. "Uh uh uh!" as David moved for her chest "legs first". He rubbed in the cream swiftly, making sure to get a good squeeze of her thighs as he moved up. Next was her taught stomach, glistening in the sun. He finally made it to his prize, those glorious breasts. He rubbed in the cream slowly and sensually cupping from underneath and gently squeezing. Angela began to moan as he gently pinched her left nipple. As she moaned she reached up for his face, pulling him down for a deep kiss. His attention soon turned to the other nipple, gently pinching and squeezing her large pale nibs.
She pushed him away "your turn". Angela carefully covered David in the lotion, then turned away to her book, feeling smug after teasing him so much. After a few minutes, the couple on the other side, so got up and left. Realising their newfound privacy, Angela thought it would be a good chance for a topless swim. "Come on babe" grabbing David's hand and leading him to the pool. She jumped in, making a huge splash, then straddled him. He had a great hold of her arse, his firm erection pointed into her groin. He grinded against her and started to kiss her. Probing her mouth, he pushed her against the wall of the pool. "Babe..." she responded, and grinded against his growing cock. Reaching down, he untied each side of her bikini bottoms, letting them fall to the bottom of the pool, he rested his palm against her clit, softly applying pressure whilst sliding his middle finger in. She began to grind against his hand whilst softly moaning into his ear. David took the opportunity to up the stakes. Lifting his woman out of the pool, he sat her down on the edge and parted her legs. He dove in, gently sucking her clit, whilst still using his strong fingers against her spot. She tousled his hair and then pushed his face into her mound, urging him to suck harder...
"I need some dick!" she cried. Jumping down she swiftly swept David's shorts down, and climbed onto his hips, lowering herself onto his thick cock. "Mmm babe" she sighed. With her well-developed glutes, she rhythmically rode him, as he kissed and bit her neck. Grabbing the glutes, he began to growl like an animal, and clenched hard, claiming his booty. David began crashing through the water into his woman, grunting as she wailed higher and higher "Come inside me babe" she sighed, faster and faster.....faster and faster "YESSS!" Angela wailed as she slumped into David. His hot cum was bubbling inside her as he grunted to victory.
They passionately kissed to seal the experience, and Angela looked up. "erm babe..."
The old couple had returned with margaritas. "Run!" He cried. So they jumped out of the pool -- naked of course, and ran to their room -- startling the receptionist on the way!