Dorey
We may have done everything possible sexually.
This tale is longer than my normal ones. It just kept growing. Like my other tales, I want you to use your imagination and fill in the blanks. It covers many aspects of the lover's sexual experiences.
PART 1
There is a group of us that meet every Tuesday morning at a local coffee shop. Normally it is between six and ten of us. At one particular coffee I mentioned I was going to check out a wildlife refuge about an hour from town. For some reason I had never been there and being an avid amateur photographer I wanted to see what it had to offer.
That afternoon I got a phone call with a name that I didn't recognize. "Hello."
"Hi, this is Dorey."
"Dorey? You must have the wrong number."
"This is Thomas isn't it?"
"Yes, but I don't know a Dorey."
"Oh, I'm sorry; we meet at the coffee this morning. My sister, Katherina, brought me."
"Yes, I'm sorry, please forgive me I remember now. How are you? Can I help you with something?"
It turned out she wanted to visit the wildlife refuge I had mentioned and would it be possible for her to go with me. I asked if she was sure, maybe I was a rapist or an axe murder. No she felt safe, her sister told her of some of my adventures in the Marine Corps and as a cop later. Being glad to have company we made plans for the coming Thursday.
I picked her up from her home, we had breakfast at a fast food place and where on our way by eight in the morning. I really enjoyed her company. She was witty, intelligent and thoughtful. I made a mistake and got a little lost and she joked, "I had an old boyfriend that would get lost all the time. Always on some back road and it was just an excuse to do a little smooching. You're not planning anything like that are you?"
Up until that point I hadn't considered her a possible romantic person. But not only was she smart she was very attractive, tall, slender, short gray hair, long legs and from her shirt I would guess small breasts. Yes I could enjoy spending quality time with her except for one thing. I had just broken up with a woman I had been with for several years when she moved to the west coast to be with her ailing father. So I was kind of still mourning and feeling sorry for myself.
It was hot. We made several walks on the trails in the woods. I found several photo ops and generally enjoyed the morning. Her wet t-shirt confirmed the small breasts theory. When I asked if I could take her picture she politely declined, "No I think not." She pulled her shirt away from her body, "I'm not exact in any condition to be photographed. I'd look like some old pinup floosy. All wet and showing off my," and she kind of indicated those breasts, "like this."
I didn't press it and as it was close to noon we went and found a small restaurant for our lunch. Her shirt had dried so I asked again as we were driving back to the refuge. I took a few photos of her and told her, "I kind of liked the other view."
"Hump, just another dirty old man, Katherina told me you were a gentleman. I'll have to set her straight when I see her next." Thankfully it was with a smile.
It got hotter and we called it a day by three. We had cooled off before too long on the drive home. As we were pulling up to her home I remarked that my shower was going to feel really good. "I haven't worked up such a sweat in years."
She turned in her seat and looked like she was thinking hard, "You could use my shower. I can whip up a quick dinner. It's a little early but if you'd like?"
Before I could answer, "I have a robe you could use. I'll run your clothes through the washer. I would really like to have you join me. I get tired eating alone all the time. Please say yes."
I thought I could see a hint of a tear in her eye. And to be honest in just that short period of time I had developed some feeling for her. "If you promise to let me take you out on Saturday night, we could have dinner and maybe a movie."
I stripped and was just adjusting the water temperature when the door opened and she walked in. "I'll just take these and throw them in the washer, ok?"
I jumped and turned my back to her. As she was closing the door, "Nice ass and the front looks good to."
Not being comfortable using her supplies I was hand scrubbing myself clean like we did when out in the field for long periods of time. In combat you do what is necessary to try and maintain yourself, if water was available or a rain shower happened and it was safe.
The door opened again, "Need help washing you back? I found a meal in the freezer; it's in the oven and will take forty or fifty minutes."
Before I could answer she was sliding the shower door open and stepping in. I tried to cover my junk, "Don't be shy Thomas; I've seen one of those a few times. Turn around and let me get at your back."
She grabbed a bottle of body wash and with her bare hands started on my shoulders. I had forgotten how good it felt to have my back washed and rubbed. As she pushed hard I braced myself against the wall. "That's the way. Let me really work you over."
I was hard and getting harder when she started on my ass. "Thomas, spread your legs."
Her tone meant do it, so I did. Soapy fingers were up and down my crack and then one slid in my hole just a little bit. I groaned.
"Like that do you?" Her finger was pulled out and she slapped one cheek. "Ok my turn."
I washed her back with the same force she had used on me and when I got to her butt she lifted one leg and put it on the stall seat. The invitation was clear so I slipped a soapy finger up and then half way out before going back in several times. "Thank you. I can do the front by myself. If you're done there is a towel on the counter and I hung a robe on the door. Why don't you have a seat in the living room? I'll be out quickly. I kind of need to put out the fire first."
As I was leaving and closing the door I heard a slight moan over the sound of the water. I sat on an easy chair trying to comb my hair in place with my fingers. She called down the hall, "There's wine in the refrig and glasses in the left hand cupboard. Would you please pour us a little? Dinner should be close."
I was bringing the wine into the living room as Dorey was coming down the hall wearing a shorty set of pajamas. Her top was open several buttons and I could see a hint of breast. The bottoms were barely long enough to cover her ass when she pivoted in a circle and the bottoms of her cheeks were visible. "Like it? I've never worn it before. I think it's kind of sexy."
I handed her one of the glasses and following my hard-on I headed for the easy chair. "Why not join me on the couch Thomas? We can talk until the oven beeps. It should only be a few minutes."
When I turned back toward her my robe opened a little, "Oh yes...You definitely need to sit with me on the couch. I can see you have a little problem, well maybe not so little. I could help you with it if you'd like."
Hoping I wasn't making a big mistake I moved toward the couch pulling the robe closed. She patted a spot in the middle and suggested I sit there. She put her wine glass on the side table and took mine and put it next to hers. "Now why don't you kind of lay back with your head on the arm rest? Let me get this out of the way. Yes that's just about perfect. Maybe put this foot on the floor. Yes just like that excellent."
"That is a perfect cock. I love it. Now you just relax and let me see what I can do about this condition you have."
As she was stroking me she kept up a conversation, "Did you like my finger when we were in the shower. From you reaction I think you might have. Maybe someday we can explore that more. If you'd like that is. We wouldn't want to do anything you find distasteful. I know I really like some of that stuff and many men I've known over the years after they get over the first shock get real excited by it."
I was so very close when she cupped my balls in her hand and softly massaged them. That was all it took. I exploded all over my chest and stomach. "Oh...That was a dandy. I bet that felt really super didn't it?" She licked a finger, "Tastes good. I'm going to try a bigger sample some time. Now why don't you pop back in the shower for a quick rinse? I'll get din-din out and we can enjoy a good meal."
The meal was delicious and if you were to listen to the conversation you never had guessed we had showered together or played with each other's back doors or she had given me a hand job. We talked about the refuge and the unusually hot weather and the place where the group meets for coffee.
After the meal I tried to entice her to do more and she politely told me she was happy and it was time for me to leave. She brought my clean dry clothes up from the basement. "Here you are. You can use the bedroom if you want to get dressed. Just throw the robe on the bed I'll take care of it."
I was surprised that after all we had done that it was suddenly time to be modest. As I was getting ready to leave I reminded her about our dinner date. "Are you sure? I might have come on a little strong and maybe you're not comfortable now."
I pulled her into a hug and assured her I was very excited to be taking her out on Saturday. I bent to kiss her and she turned her head so it landed on her cheek. Strange at best, we had just met and what had transpired was beyond believe and there was no kiss.
PART 2
Dinner was good. The conversation was fun. We joked and laughed. The movie was ok. I'm not a big fan of romantic comedies. I thought that we might pick up where we left off on Thursday. When I walked her to her door she thanked me for a wonderful evening, shook my hand and disappeared inside.
Well ok, it was a onetime thing. Maybe she thought I was what she might be looking for and apparently I wasn't. I had offered to be helpful, she declined and so that was that. I got a good, no it was a great hand job but it seems that was the end of that. Life goes on.
I was surprised when Dorey showed up the next Tuesday for the coffee group. She stood back and waited to be invited to sit in. She was kind of a bit of a mouse, didn't say much, laughed at the proper times and offered a quick comment now and then. I couldn't help staring at her from time to time. She caught me at it and would smile.
As the group broke up I held back sensing she wanted to talk to me. I was right as the others left and I was paying the cashier, it was my turn to buy, she was still standing by the table. I waved as if I was leaving and she motioned me back to her. "Hi Thomas, I was hoping to see you today. I was wondering if you've ever drove down the river where all the swans hang out. And thinking if you wanted we could take a ride someday."
"Let's sit and have another cup of coffee."
When I returned with the two cups I sat across from her and looked her in the eyes trying to figure her out. "I have to tell you I'm kind of confused. Thursday you acted one way. Saturday night you acted like we were friends but then at the end acted like we were strangers. So you'll have to forgive me if I'm not real keen on continuing any relationship. I enjoyed Thursday, a lot, dinner was good, and I liked eating there. But a hand shake at your door was frankly a disappointment. Now I know that it was properly a mistake on my part to expect more but really a handshake? Let's just be friends ok? Why don't you join us for these coffees, listen to the lies we tell, laugh at the dumb jokes. When it's your turn you pay the tab. It's a good way to spend an hour or so once a week. I think the others would like to see you again."
I stood to leave without even touching my coffee. I pulled out a ten and headed for the cashier. Outside the door she was waiting, took my hand and pulled me across the street to the little park and to a bench. "Sit down Thomas."
Whoa, where did that come from? The mouse has roared. Shades of what I saw at her house last week. "Look I'm sorry for the way I acted. I was a confused as you the other night. I like you, a lot. Probably too much after seeing you one day and one date and it was a date wasn't it? Then what happened after in my house that first day. The way I acted on that occasion was stupid on my part. Inviting you in, joining you in the shower, doing what I did in the shower and what I let you do. Then giving you that hand job, than topping it off with refusing a kiss after you brought me home, it was real stupid on my part."
She paused and as I opened my mouth not knowing what I was going to say, she went on, "I loved dinner with you. You're smart and funny. The movie was good. I sensed that you didn't enjoy it that much but you let me enjoy it. I was scared when you took me home. Would you insist that we go the next step? Would you want a blow job or a fuck? Would you want to eat my pussy? And was I ready for some or all of that to happen? You can probably tell I'm not a blushing virgin. I tend to say what I'm thinking. So give me a few more seconds. Then you can tell me to go and pound sand up my ass if you want."
I waited and waited and then waited some more. Finally, "Ok, I've got my thoughts in order. I want to give you that blow job. I want you to get me off with your tongue. I want to feel your cock pushing up inside me. I want what I want and I want you to give it to me. I don't want you to spend the nights with me. I don't want to get married; I've done that and don't like it. I want it kind of causal, you know, once a week or a few times a month or so. We get together and fuck like bunnies. If I'm horny I can call you and set up a date. When you're in need of some sex you call me and we work something out. You've got a wonderful cock. I can't wait to feel it tickling my tonsils or bumping my cervix. Not to hard kind of gentle. There I've said my piece. Now you go home and think. If this appeals to you and is something you could live with call me. You've got my number. If you don't call I will understand. I may not like it but I will understand and I will live with it. At least until I find that someone else."
With that she stood up and walked away without a backward glance.
PART 3
The ball was in my court so to speak. Did I want to play by her rules? Could I play by her rules? Like her I had been married and was happy when it ended. My x and I parted as friends. In fact there was one time when she called and we ended up in bed for the night, doing what we both wanted at that time. There were no kids and we split the assets fairly. She made more money than me so there was no argument over alimony.
Crap...Why put the burden on me? I knew I had feelings for her. Even with our limited time together, personal as part of it was, I knew she had many of the traits I admire in a woman. Able to speak plainly, without trying to hide her wants and able to act out what she wants to do and then do it. Joining me in the shower because she wanted to and then putting a finger up my ass. It takes a lot of guts. Telling me to join her on the couch and proceeding with a really good hand job. Being honest with how she wants to go forward. I could live with that. Freedom when I wanted and with a piece of ass when I wanted, within limits of course. I was ready to call her by the time I got home but I didn't have her phone number, just another big mistake on my part to join the list of all the others I've made over the years.
I had two choices. Drive to her home, not a good idea; shows too much eagerness and she said call her, not show up uninvited. Contact Katherina and get the number. What if she gets too noisy? What do I tell her why I need it? That's me, between a rock and a hard spot. So being a confirmed coward I went to bed that night and slept on it.
In the morning I called Katherina. Told her I needed to get in touch with her sister. Told her we were planning to drive down the river and look at the swans. I was confused and needed to confirm the time.
"Really...I thought you might want to call her accept her offer, you being her on call booty body. I know the whole story. She called me two days ago and practiced her speech on me. I love it, her being able to call you up and requesting some tongue on her special spot. I have to admire that girl. If I wasn't involved with someone you might have two of us wanting your services. Can you picture it, two hot horny babes wanting you the same night? Or even two or three nights in a row. Could you keep up?"
After teasing me for another five minutes she shared the number. Now I had to think. She's sharing with her sister and who else? Did the benefits out way the embarrassment? It took me the whole after noon and part of the evening to figure it out. And the question was did she also share what I was getting out of this arrangement? And did I really want to be an on call cock? I called Katherina back and bluntly asked her if she knew what I was getting out of this?
"I'm sorry Thomas. I shouldn't have run off at the mouth about this. I had no call to tease or belittle you. I know she has made a promise to you also. I think what you two work out in none of my business. I want my sister happy and if it makes you happy that's all the better. You're a good man and deserve what she has promised you. And if it's any consolation, she called me an hour ago, complaining because you haven't called her. Please call her, I'm begging you to. If you do I'll give you one of my patented blow jobs. Just don't tell Dorey or my man. We would need to keep it a secret and I think I'd love to handle your cock if it's as nice as I've been told."
So I called Dorey and asked if we could talk some more. How about I pick her up and we get some take out at some place and stop out at the city park. This time of the day it shouldn't be too busy and we could figure out just where we were headed. She suggested I come to her house and she would make sandwiches. We could have a beer or two and sit in the air conditioning. I agreed.
Over our lunch she apologized profusely for talking to her sister and swore she was the only one she had spoken to. "To be honest I'm a bit upset you told her about my penis. She seems to think it's something special."
"Well it is something special. It's a good size. It's firm and nicely formed. It's nice and fat. If it wasn't do you think I'd be interested in it? I love it. But just so you understand. She's not giving you a blow job. I don't give a big rat's ass what she said. If she wraps her lips around your cock someone is going to end up dead. That's if we decide to do what I suggested. The ball is in your court. I sincerely hope you like my idea."
Trying to lighten things up, "But what if I want your sister to give me what she offered. Katherina is a wonderful friend. Much like what you're offering."
She picked up her cell phone. "Katherina I need you to come over to my place. No right now. No now...Right now...Yes...No. You told Thomas, you kind of promised him a blow job. So get your ass over here and give it to him. Good... Fifteen minutes...Yes I'll get his pants down and on the couch."
"She's on her way. You got a few minutes to get naked and hard so get stripping. But I'm warning you this is a onetime thing. I don't give a damn how good she is, one time only. No more blow jobs and no fucking or you going down on her. Understand?"
I told her to call her sister back and cancel the trip over. I didn't want this to happen. It was Katherina's idea. I didn't need it. I was happy to have one beautiful woman in my life.
"No, it's going to happen. I don't want this hanging over my head."
And she started to pull and unzip and strip me. I could have stopped her of course. I'm bigger and I hope stronger. But I seemed paralyzed. She was pushing me down on the couch when Katherina was rushing through the door.
"Oh my gosh, Dorey, it is a beautiful cock. Wow, are you sure we can't share. Maybe a few times, you know once a month or so."
"Get sucking and then get out. You've got a guy and this one's mine. I catch you prowling around him in the future I'll tell mom and dad about the fire."
You've heard the expression; a hard cock has no conscience? Welcome to me and mine. I enjoyed every little thing Katherina did, every lick, every suck, and every bob of her head and every stroke of her soft hand. All too soon I was coming. If only I could have held out a few more minutes.
"Yummy. You have a winner here my dear sister. He squirts real big and a tasty. Please promise me if you ever get tired of him you'll call me first. I could get used to this man."
"Get and don't let the door hit you in the ass as you do."
I was reaching for my pants, "Stop Thomas we've got some unfinished business to conduct."
PART 4
I loved every minute of our business that afternoon. Our first time in the shower was kind of cramped and hurried. This time I was able to spend time admiring every curve and nook and cranny. And I have to tell you she has some wonderful nooks and crannies. She tasted so sweet when I dived between her legs. Her first orgasm was so hard I had to give her another.
Thankfully by then I was able to arise to the occasion and had a great ride. I'm getting better, twice in the same day. Thank the gods that are in control of that stuff.
When the sun was going down I was also for a third time. Not to brag but I think she kind of went into a coma for a minute or so.
As we lay on the couch resting, "Why didn't we do this in my bed? If my couch isn't already ruined I'm getting some kind of cover for it. Maybe I could throw it out and order a leather one. Ever fucked on leather?"
Later my stomach growled, "Are you hungry or ready for another round? Forget it, I'm thinking pizza." When the doorbell rang she went to the door naked and to pay the driver. "That was fun. I showed the girl my tits and you should have seen her reaction. Maybe it would have better to have sent you."
Ever have naked pizza? Be careful the hot sauce doesn't drip on the delicate parts.
As the eating slowed down Dorey looked at me, "We haven't, you haven't said what you think of my proposal. I'm kind of assuming from what has been happening this afternoon you are on board. But you haven't really said yes or no have you?"
I smiled and asked, "How about I spend the night and let you know in the morning?"
"No, that's not going to happen. You sleep in your bed at night. I sleep in my bed at night. We may nap from time to time but you're not spending any nights at my house and I'm not spending any nights at yours. In fact I'm not spending any time at your house. I'm not some piece of pussy that wanders from bedroom to bedroom. Well...say something, please."
"You win. We'll do it your way with one amendment to the contract. There will be a written contract right? With all the rules and conditions spelt out in legalese and I can get my attorney to check it over?" As she was hitting me, "No seriously, there may be times when you of us doesn't want to get together. I'm at an age where sex isn't on my mind all the time. I'm past the teen-age stage. From what I've been told that you ladies aren't obsessed of it as much as us men are. What I'm trying to say is if I'm wanting and you're not excited about the idea you have to feel free to tell me to just go and turn some porn on              and jerk off. I can tell you to break out the vibrator and solve your itch. OK?"
Strangely we shook hands on it. When I was leaving that night she was more than willing to give me that big kiss I was wanting.
PART 5
Everything was great. If I had an urge I'd call Dorey and make a date and she was free to do the same. Over the next six months there were several occasions that things didn't work out. One time she suggested I check out a certain web site and take care of my problem. Another time I listened to her and her vibrator over the phone. To be honest I wish I had taken the invitation and went over. I ended up doing myself that night.
One evening as we lay relaxing in her bed, "You seem to enjoy it when I tickle your prostate don't you? I think you come extra hard when I've got a finger up there."
"You know...The first time it was scary. I was thinking, what if she thinks I'm gay or something. But ya...I kind of like it. It adds something special. You can feel free to do it any time you want, as long as you use plenty of lube. When you tried without, it wasn't good."
She took a deep breath, "Ever been pegged?"
"What no, never even thought about it. Saw it one time on a video. That was as far as it went. It has never crossed my mind. What are you trying to tell me?"
"Well...I saw it on the web and after you seemed to like my finger. I had the idea that maybe we should try it."
A discussion followed that went on for over an hour. We finally agreed that she could order a slender dildo and we would see how it worked, on both of us. It took us all one afternoon playing gin to five hundred points to see you got ass fucked first. Sadly she won. As she was celebrating her victory she let slip that she had in fact already ordered one and it had arrived that morning.
She reached into the table drawer nest to the couch were we had been playing cards and pulled it out still in its plastic package. "I ordered this also." and pulled out a giant size bottle of lube. "In the kitchen next to the sink is a scissors, go get it please. I want to try this right now."
"But."
"No buts. You agreed, you lost, and your ass is mine."
As I headed to the kitchen I heard her say, "I promise to be gentle. You'll like it. I know you will. I'll meet you in the bedroom. Hurry, I want to see how this all works."
She was sitting cross-legged on the bed. The quilt had been pulled down and a pad of some sort was spread out. "Are you going to get undressed?"
"No, I don't think so. All we need is you naked. So, drop those duds and get your body down here, on your knees. Yes like that maybe put your heads down so your ass is up in the air. Perfect. Now this might feel a little chilly but it'll warm up quick enough.
I was terrified. My fears were unfounded. It felt good, better than good. As she was moving it in and out she reached under me and stroked my hardness. Ever come so hard you leave this place and enter another world? Try getting your other to use a dildo on you. I can guarantee a mind altering orgasm.
I collapsed and could only lay there trying to recover. I felt her shaking me and crying out, "Thomas, are you alright? Did I hurt you? Talk to me."
It seems I may have fallen asleep for just a moment or two. I was lying in my juices and when I rolled over she started to laugh. "God, look at the mess you made. That would have ruined the sheets. I'd never be able to get it all out."
I looked up at her sitting by my side with that instrument in her hand. "Your turn my dear. Get yourself ready. Lose them clothes. I want you naked, nothing, not even your socks."
"I think maybe on your back. I want to be able to see your face. Why don't you just wait a minute while I clean this thing? How much of this lube do I need? Is that enough? Here it goes."
She took it like a trooper. I was working it and she was smiling and encouraging me to do it faster. I fastened my lips on her pussy and did my best. Her legs snapped shut around my head. I thought I was going to die. I couldn't breathe. She was humping her hips. Her hands were on the back of my head forcing me tighter.
At the last moment she fell back and let me free. "Whoa, that was something. If I survive can we do it again? Oh my god! What you did to me. I've seen the elephant. Come here, give me a kiss."
We cuddled for an hour. We talked softly telling each other how it felt. She promised to do me on my back next time so she could do what I had done to her. When she reached down to hold me I couldn't respond. My cock was like me, exhausted.
I offered to do her one more time, "No, I've had enough for one night, maybe again in a year or so. My heart can't take too much more of that."
At her suggestion we moved out to the living room, sat naked on the couch, drinking cold beer and touching each other. When I failed to get hard, "Dead are we? Maybe it's time for you to get dressed and drag you r ass home. If I live I'll give you a call in a month or so."
As I was dressing she asked, "Want to go for a ride? No... Not that kind. I hear the swans are thick down on the river. We could pack a lunch and spend the day."
PART 6
Over the next five months we had our little get-togethers about every seven to ten days. If we were feeling real adventurous the skinny dildo would come into play. Mostly it was oral with some intercourse thrown in. It kind of surprised me when it was Dorey calling me and setting up a date more often than me calling her.
It wasn't always sex either. The swans were checked out. We went out to dinner and or a movie a few times during that period. One time I was her date to a wedding of a close friend. On several occasions I was invited to dinner and there wasn't any sex. But there never failed to be some hugging and kissing.
I remember very vividly one night I was called and she wanted me to stop over the next night and Dorey had expressly said she was horny and I should expect to be ready to give her more than one orgasm. When I pulled up there was another car in the driveway. Katherina answered the door, "Oh...Thomas...Ah, hello. Is it one of those nights? Come in...Come in, it's chilly out there."
"Dorey, Thomas is here. Are you planning a little fuck fest? Can I watch? Can I join in? Peter is out of town on one of his trips and I could use a little cock. It's been ages...Please. I won't be greedy. Could I have just a quick poke or two? Something to hold me over for the next few days till Peter gets back."
Dorey came into the living room, "Ok, just this once." She turned and headed toward the bedroom dropping her shirt and bra on the floor as she walked.
With a surprised look on her Katherina squealed, "Oh...my...god. She said yes. Quick before she changes her mind. Come on Thomas I get the first fuck."
All my life I had wondered what it would be like. Now it was happening and I was ready to run. What if I couldn't satisfy two? Could I hold up? Bring two different women an orgasm. What had I gotten myself into? Maybe I should just sneak out the door. Of course the opportunity and curiosity got in the way and I followed them down the hall.
It was one of my most wonderful experiences in the world of sex. Two women were with playing with and sucking my cock. I've seen it on videos but the real thing is so much more. Looking down and watching them take turns. Or one with the knob in her mouth and the other licking the shaft or sucking on a ball.
A finger was searching for the back opening. "Don't do that. He'll come too soon. We don't want that. If you want some cock you better stop that."
Katherina was on her back with her legs high in the air, panting with every push. Dorey asked, "Are you ready?" Without waiting for an answer a greasy finger slipped inside me and I was exploding. I have no idea who she was asking and it didn't matter. We both were ready. Katherina screamed as I kept pounding away until I couldn't any more. Katherina's legs fell, she let go of my shoulders, her tits stopped bouncing all over her chest and she smiled up at me. "Thank you. I needed that."
The finger was slowly withdrawn, than I could feel more movement and realized there was a finger in Katherina's ass also. I rolled over on my back spent and worthless. Dorey Gave me a quick suck and then moved over to her sister.
"You are the best sister in the world. I love you. You take such good care of me don't you?"
I rolled to my side and watched Dorey clean up her sister's crotch. It had the desired effect. I was growing hard and Dorey noticed it. A hand reached out and encouraged the growth that was taking place.
As she was climbing on top of me Dorey was telling her sister, "His second wind is all ways better. He'll keep it up until l can't take any more and I am fully satisfied. Get out of the way I'm going for a ride."
This may have been the first time I was asked to fuck twice in such a short time. In the past there was always a break between the bouts. The truth be known, I loved both ways. I was close when Dorey fell off and was satisfied.
In moments we were in a triangle. Katerina had me in her mouth. I was between Dorey's legs and Dorey was fastened to Katherina's pussy. I couldn't hold back and shot off. I could feel Katherina swallowing. I' m not sure but I think Katherina cried out next. Maybe Dorey never did finish but then she had just had a good one so who knows. I never asked.
The shower was really crowded with three of us in there. Someone was grabbing something all the while we were in there. Eventually the water turned cold and we had to get out. I was all shrunken and Dorey had to make sure her sister saw it. "Do you think we could bring him back? I wouldn't mind another little suck on it. He looks so good hard. I can understand why you've latched onto him."
"Just leave him be. You wanted a quick poke if I remember. You got a whole lot more. Your Peter is due back any day. Get dressed and get out. I'll see you tomorrow at the coffee shop, if I can make it that is. I feel a little exhausted right now."
PART 7
It was a month after the time Katherina had talked her way into Dories bedroom and a threesome. Dorey told me she had asked for a return engagement several times and asked me how I felt about it. I confessed it was spectacular event but I wasn't sure if another time was a good idea. I'm not sure how she may have felt about it. She may have been disappointed or she may have been relieved, I was not sure. Either way it never happened again.
But Dorey being inventive new things popped up every now and then, usually positions or different touches. Then one evening she called me all excited, "Come on over, I've got a new toy. You're going to love it and I can't wait to try it out."
She told me the pizza was on order when I arrived and asked did I want to flash the delivery girl? Over the past few months she had gotten used to requesting that our order was delivered by little Cindy but this was the first time she suggested I pay her. I refused the offer. "No way...You want me to get arrested? There are laws about such things."
"Not a problem she's in college, I've talked to her. She was excited to see you in all your glory. Do it. Don't be a chicken shit."
I kind of agreed but at the last minute I hid my bottom half behind the door as I handed her the money telling her to keep the change. "Gee, Mr. Thomas I was hoping for a better tip than money. Dorey tells me you're real handsome and in great shape."
"Well you're just going to have to believe her because that's all your getting." As I closed the door I heard a "Damn it," from the other side as her footsteps faded away.
"Did you do it? Give Cindy a thrill?"
"I did not."
"Crap, I kind of told her you would. You know the poor girl is at that church run all girl college across town, how's she ever going to see a naked man if you chicken out?"
We ate the pizza. Me naked and Dorey in just a pair of panties, when I asked why she told me I'd see shortly. As we were cleaning up the kitchen after I was patting her on her butt whenever I had a chance. "Keep it up bud and it'll be my turn soon. Why don't you go and turn down the bed, I'll be right behind you." And she laughed, "In more ways than one."
I was sitting on the edge of the bed when Dorey walked in with a new larger dildo n one hand and some black plastic something in the other. "Think you can handle this? She asked holding up the very realistic dildo.
Being brave I told her, "If you can I can." I should have kept my mouth shut or told her no way.
She held up what I realized was a harness, "How about if I put this on?" Without waiting she was stepping into the harness and telling me, "See this little knob it goes in me and when I fuck you I get to feel something to. Kind of neat I think."
"Now how do you want it? Face down and your ass in the air or on your back with your legs up?"
"I don't think I want it at all. Why don't you call your sister and you two use it? I'll just wander on home."
"I guess you weren't listening." In her boss voice she told me, "On your back or on your front. Two choices, which one will it be?"
It sounded like I had two choices so I lay on my back and begged her to be slow. "Oh I will. Real slow I want to watch it ever so slowly slipping up inside you. This is going to be fun. Katherina said you wouldn't do it. Wait till I tell her you did."
She spread lots of lube and then one finger, "Relax Thomas, just relax," Then two fingers, "Yes, we're getting there. Keep relaxing." A minute later, "Now the real thing."
It didn't hurt. It felt strange. Different. When Dorey would finger me in the past she would wiggle her fingers as she moved in and out. This was just in and out but it was so much more filling. Is this what she felt when we fucked?
"Are we having fun Thomas? How does it feel? Should I go faster? Can I go faster? How about I do this?"
She took my hard cock in her hand and started jerking me off. In moments I was coming all over my chest and stomach. "That was great. I don't think I've ever seen you shoot that much. How did it feel? I'm disappointed. That knob didn't do much for me. You're going to have to help me out."
As she pulled out I realized I wanted to feel that again. Not right away but some other time. When I opened my eyes Dorey was kneeling over me. The harness was gone and her slightly hairy pussy was poised over my face. "Eat me Thomas. I need it, bad, real bad."
I don't think she ever came so quickly and so hard before. I was grateful when she finally fell away and lay beside me panting. As she recovered, "Wow! That...Was...Something. Did you like it? Can we do it again? I felt so powerful. Is that how you feel when you're fucking me?"
I rolled on my side and was playing with a still hard nipple. "You do remember don't you? I get the same privilege. But instead of using your toy I think I'm going to use the real thing. Not now of course. I might be done for the night. I'm thinking we should set a date for Friday night, about seven I'll come over. Any problem with that?"
I was done for the night. Dorey spent a little time nursing on my wilted member and it failed to respond. It did grow but not to any great size or hardness. When she gave up she leaned over me and said, "Ok, Friday sounds good, under one condition. You flash Cindy. Give the poor girl a peek at what a man looks like and I think you should be hard. Your erections are so damn god looking."
Epilogue
I think that this tale has gone on long enough. We continued to do and redo all the things that brought us pleasure.
Yes I flashed Cindy. Her eyes got so big I thought they might pop out of her skull. As I was closing the door I could hear her saying, "What until I tell Marybeth what I just saw." After that it was my job to pay her whenever we had pizza. Two events stand out in my memory. It was her junior year as I was handing her the money she asked and before I could answer she reached out and took me in her hand. She ran away laughing hysterically. The other event was when I answered the door another girl was standing there with her, "Hi Mr. Thomas. This is my best friend Marybeth. She didn't believe me. So thank you and this pizza is on me."
Dorey was so tight back there. I was so thankful when Dorey said we could do it some more when the mood was right. Of course I had to let her wear her harness and do me. After the first time and the fear was over I had no problem with it. Actually I enjoyed it.
Somehow Katherina was at Dorey's a few times. After the third time she and we ended up in bed together I asked Dorey how come this was happening. She confessed that Katherina begged and she felt sorry for her. I had no problem with that either. In fact I suggested that she be invited more often. So it turned out to be every six weeks or so.
When Dorey brought out the harness and dildo the first time when Katherina was there I wasn't real happy. Some things are better left private I thought. But later, after watching those two for a bit and then when Dorey was spending quality time with my cock in her mouth as her sister was fucking me from behind me I was convinced this was a good thing. Never be afraid to stretch your boundaries.
The end
I hope this did not ramble on too long and you got bored. A comment is appreciated.