Part 07 - Second Party.
The Saturday started with a surprise facetime call from my father. I was still asleep and staggered, half asleep, to my phone.
"Good morning my darling daughter, did I wake you up?"
"Yes daddy."
"Sorry but I got up an hour ago and I'm off to Australia in about half an hour so I had a bit of time to kill."
"That's okay daddy, it's always good to see and talk to you regardless of the time of night."
"Georgia, it's 10 o'clock in the morning; you students, you don't know how good you've got it."
"Oh I do daddy, I do. I know that in 3 years time I'm going to be working as hard as you are so I'm trying to get a lifetime of fun squeezed into 4 years."
"Good for you my girl but you be careful."
"Always am daddy. Hey, I didn't know that Celeste had a cousin in Bristol, I met her earlier this week."
"Oh yes, I should have told you about that, sorry. Have been spending more of my money on more clothes?"
"Just a little, I took a friend to see her to ask her to replace her whole wardrobe and I ordered a few new skirts."
Just then there was a knock on my door so I stood up and went and opened the door.
"Hi Riley, come in."
I turned my phone so that daddy and Riley could see each other and introduced them.
"Hey Georgia, I'm naked, what will your father think of me."
"Err Riley, look at me, daddy doesn't mind do you daddy?"
"Not at all, it's nice to see that my daughter had found a like minded friend Riley, a beautiful friend as well I may add."
"I've told you Riley, keep your hands by your sides."
"Sorry Georgia, you look like you've just got out of bed."
"I have, can you go and put some coffee on please?"
Riley did and I turned my phone so that daddy could see her butt as she walked.
"Cute friend Georgia."
"Yes she is, have you found yourself a cute friend yet daddy?"
"No, no time so it looks like I'll be taking you to the works do at Christmas again."
"Okay, last year was awesome. Talking about the works Christmas do, that IT nerd that you put me in touch with was there last year and he danced with me, not that I remembered him."
"Did he fix what you wanted?"
"Yes thank you daddy."
"That was the doorbell, James must be here, got to go, nice to talk to you Georgia, love you and tell Riley that she's got a cute body."
"Love you daddy."
The call ended and I turned to Riley and told her what daddy had said.
Riley made the coffee and as we sat drinking it I asked her if she was ready for the party.
"Sure, it will be just like the last one won't it?"
"Maybe, but we're meeting here and I want to show everyone a video and talk about it before we go downstairs and I've thought of some new games that we can play."
"So we're not going to play truth or dare?"
"I don't know, we might, why, do you want to be dared to let all the guys fuck you, or maybe dared to go to university totally naked one day?"
"Wow, that would be cool, would you do that? Go there totally naked?"
"Not until my last day of my last year, then I would."
"Me too. Anyway, I came to tell you that Serena has delivered some of my new clothes and maybe some of yours."
"Good, you go down and get them and take them to your place, I'll have a shower then come and watch you try them on."
Riley left and I went to the bathroom.
Thirty minutes later I knocked on Riley's door. When she opened it she told me that Charles had helped her carry the bags up the stairs, him following her.
"Do you think that he just wanted to look at my butt?"
"I'm sure that he did, he could have just brought them up in the lift."
"I wonder if he likes my butt."
"There would be something wrong with him if he didn't. Let's start with the nearest bag and when you've tried each item on you can go and hang it up."
"Good idea Georgia."
We spent the next hour or so talking about when and where Riley could wear each item. The last bag had Riley puzzled. She pulled out a skirt and held it against her.
"Serena's made a mistake with this one, there's no way that I can even get into this skirt."
"I think that you'll find that it's one for me."
"Oh yes, that makes sense."
There was 6 skirts for me. Three of them were longer at the back and the fronts were so short that my slit would be on display all the time. Anyone stood close to me wouldn't be able to see it but if they were more than about 3 metres they'd be able to tell that they were looking at my slit.
"Nice one Serena." I thought.
The other 3 had me worried a bit for a short while because they looked like they were all mid-thigh length. They were, but instead of having splits up the sides they were up the middle front and my butt crack. Unless my knees were rubbing together all the time people would be able to see my slit and bald pubic bone and a fair bit of my butt crack.
I again silently thanked Serena.
When we were finished I told Riley that I had things to get ready for the party and I left. Back in my apartment I picked up a couple of towels and headed for the roof. It was warm enough to spend a while enjoying the sun so I blocked the door from closing and spread out the other towel in the same place as before, that is, where the students would be able to see me if they looked.
After a while I heard someone shouting something and looked around. A young man was hanging out of his window and trying to attract my attention. When I stood up and waved at him a proper camera, complete with telephoto lens, appeared and, presumably, he started taking pictures of me.
As I posed for him I tried to decide if it was the same guy as the last time but I wasn't sure. I made the poses more and more sexy, ending with me rubbing my pussy and massaging my tits.
I didn't cum but I'm sure that I gave the young man enough material for him to have a few wanking sessions over.
When the weather started to cool, I packed up and returned to my apartment and did check around to make sure that everything was in place for the party. That included checking that the 3 videos were copied to my desktop, I didn't want the guys to 'help' me and them discover that I had access to the cameras in their apartments.
That all done, and the knowledge that it could be a long and physical night, I went and had a lay-down on my bed.
It was 8 pm when I woke up and I wished that I'd put my Wi-Fi camera between my knees because my right hand was on my wet pussy. Cursing myself I went and got something to eat then hit the bathroom.
Riley was the first to arrive, and she was as naked as I was. Then Oliver, carrying his camera, and immediately started taking photos of Riley and me, Riley doing some revealing poses without being asked.
"She's really into this exposing herself for men thing." I thought as Ben, Harry, Matt and Roxy walked in the door that I had left open.
Daniella was last to arrive wearing a dress. When she saw that all us other girls were naked she said,
"Oh, I guess that someone forgot to tell me it was a CMNF party."
"Where did you get that acronym from Daniella?" Matt asked, "you're the last person I'd expect to hear that from."
"I got it from a man that I met the other day."
"Is that the man that I saw you bringing into the building the other day?" I asked.
"Hey guys, Daniella is bringing men back to her room, was he a good lay Daniella?" Roxy said.
"So what does CMNF stand for?" Ben asked.
"Clothed Male, Naked Female." Harry, Oliver and me said almost at the same time.
"So was he Daniella?" Roxy again asked.
"Not bad."
"But not as good as us last Saturday." Matt asked.
Daniella stayed silent as she took her dress of revealing her naked body.
"Right, I'm ready now," Daniella said, "Now what's this about videos Georgia?"
"Well, there's a real big favour that I want to ask you all, but it might shock some of you and you may not want to help me. If that is the case I will understand and think nothing less of you. But before I ask you, there's 3 short movies that I want to show you to warm you up, so to speak."
"It's not Dumbo or Aladdin is it?" Matt asked.
"No, I don't actually think that they have names. I know tat 2 of them are home movies, but before we start, who wants what to drink."
"Thought you were never going to ask." Ben said.
Glasses of bottles in everyone's hand, I told everyone to get comfortable and look at the TV.
There isn't enough seats in my apartment for 8 people so 3 girls had to sit on guy's laps while I sat on the floor with my laptop. No one complained.
"After the first 2 clips I would like everyone to name the people in the clip?"
Everyone agreed and I double-clicked on the first one and immediately got surprised or pleased comments from everyone, except Riley who had a red face but at the same time was smiling. The video was the first one of her masturbating in her sleep.
"Fucking hell Georgia, where did you get that from, have you been searching porn sites?" Matt asked.
I didn't answer, instead I double-clicked on the second file - one on my sleeping masturbations and immediately got more surprised and pleased comments. When it finished I said,
"Right guys, who knows what was going on in both those clips? And don't just say they were jilling-off, there's more to it and I would like you to tell me"
There was silence for a few seconds then Matt said,
"They were both laying on a bed that has pink, silk sheets on so I'm guessing that it was in one of you girl's rooms."
"Shit," I thought, "I forgot about the sheets."
"That second girl," Matt continued, "has a very young looking pussy and we could just see 2 rock hard nipples so I'm guessing that you are girl number 2 Georgia."
"Yes," Oliver said, "and the skin colour matches Georgia's tanned legs."
"Okay," I replied, "I forgot about the biggest clue, the pink sheets, but who is the first girl? Is it you Roxy, or you Riley, or you Daniella?"
"I'd have seen you if you'd been in my bedroom when that was taken, and those were taken close-up." Daniella said and Roxy agreed. Riley nodded.
"Okay, vote time." I said.
Out of the 7 votes, Daniella got 1, Roxy got 3 and Riley got 3."
"Well, sorry Daniella, but we need to take your name off the ballot paper and vote again.
This time Roxy got 3 and Riley 4.
Everyone stared at Riley who actually blushed.
"Okay guys, that's the first half of the quiz, so what else is going on in those videos?" I asked.
"They were fake orgasms." Oliver said.
"No."
"You both had remote controlled vibrators inside you and the other girl was controlling them."
"No, both were self induced, natural orgasms."
"Okay, we give up." Roxy said.
"We were both fast asleep when the videos were taken."
"What; no way." Daniella said.
"I just knew that girls could have wet dreams." Matt said.
The other comments were not worth the typing.
"It's true, we did masturbate in our sleep, I've suspected it for months but that Wi-Fi camera that I've just got proved it."
"Can I borrow that camera please Georgia?" Roxy asked.
"I don't believe that I do that." Daniella said, "but can I borrow the camera to prove that I'm right?"
"Hey guys, I never said that ALL girls do it, just that Riley and me do it, so Daniella, you may well be right, you'll know for certain after you borrow the camera."
I let the chatter go on for a couple of minutes then double-clicked on the feature movie. As soon as it started Matt said,
"Oh good, a public disgrace move."
I looked over to him, Riley was on his knees and his right hand was between her legs. Looking at the others, Daniella's legs were closed but Ben's hands were on her tits while Oliver's hand was between Roxy's legs. I got to my feet and went over to Matt and sat on his lap with my back to his chest. His right hand immediately went between my slightly spread legs.
There was total silence, apart from a bit of pussy juice squishing and the noises that Riley made when she had an orgasm, throughout the whole 30 minute video.
I guess that the fact that I'd seen the movie a few times before, and that I was still nervous about what I was going to ask my new friends, meant that I wasn't too aroused because I didn't cum from Matt's great work on my pussy. Anyway, at the end I lifted Matt's hand away, stood up and said,
"Yes guys, I want to be that girl in a re-enactment, and I'd like your help to make it happen and to keep me safe, what do you say?"
These was a few seconds silence then Matt said,
"I've got a mate who lives here, I can ask him if he knows of a pub where the landlord would help us."
"Roxy said, "You'd need some minders."
"I was hoping that you guys would do that for me."
"You'd need a lot of condoms." Daniella said.
"So that's what all the ropes and cuffs were for." Riley added.
"Count me in." Harry said.
Then Matt took charge and said that once he'd got a place he'd get together with the rest of us, excluding me saying that it was best that I didn't know the details, and get it all organised.
Daniella then asked me if I really wanted to do it.
"Hell yes, don't you fantasise about being gang-banged or raped, I have been dreaming about it since I moved down here, we used to tell each other our fantasy's on a night in my dorm room. You think that my fantasy is a bit over the top but you should have heard what some of the other girls wanted to happen to them."
"Yes," Roxy said, "I used to fantasise about being kidnapped and raped and passed on to lots of men who's do the same to me."
"I used to dream about being fucked to death." Riley said.
"We can get you close to that Riley." Matt said and got a bit of a laugh.
"So you will help me then guys?"
"Yes Georgia," Matt said, "I'm sure that all of us will help to make your fantasy a reality. You do realise that some of the men who will fuck you may be a bit rough."
"If they're wearing a condom I don't care."
"Fair enough, I'll let you know when it's going to happen about 5 minutes before it does happen."
"I can't wait, thank you soo much guys, now I've had a few ideas for games to replace truth or dare, who wants to play?"
"If they're anything like your fantasy then I'm definitely in." Harry said.
"Okay guys, when this public shaming of me happens I'm sure that part of it will be me getting my butt spanked, my daddy never used to spank me so I was wondering if you guys would sort of give me a spanking now, so that I can feel what it's like, decide if I can take it and maybe change my mind about the whole thing. So, are any of you guys prepared to put me over their knee and give me a good spanking, maybe 10 hard swats each?"
I'd sort of expected maybe 1 of them would agree, not sure which one, but all 4 of them agreed and it was only seconds before I was over Harry's knee and his right hand was landing on my bare butt. When I'd bent over Harry's knees I'd made sure that my feet were well apart so that everyone behind me could see my wet, spread pussy.
The 10 swats were hard, and they did hurt, but not as bad as Kate and Zoe's father in Ibiza. It didn't make me cry, but it did make my pussy even wetter. It was the same with the other 3 guys, I guess that they were afraid to rally hurt me, which was a shame because I's been hoping to cum for them all to watch.
When it was all over, my butt was stinging and I was told that it was red, but I hadn't cum. I hoped that when we went to this spanking club that they'd spank me harder than that.
When I stood up I felt by butt and at the same time asked the other girls if they wanted the same preferential treatment. Roxy wasn't sure and said,
"Not today, but maybe next time."
She was assuming that there would be a next time even though I had said nothing about there being one. Maybe she can read my mind. Daniella refused point blank but had a red face as she said it which made me wonder id there was story there.
When I asked Riley, she stood up, looked at each of the guys then said,
"Okay, my daddy used to spank me and then keep me naked for him and my brothers to look at so I'm used to it. Who's first? Matt, you're still sat in the spanking chair so will you give me 10 first?"
Matt did, and I also noted that Riley assumed the same position as I had, i.e. feet well apart. I, and all the others could tell that she was aroused.
When Riley stood up after the first 10 I could see tears in her eyes but she wasn't sobbing, in fact she smiled at me as Harry took Matt's place.
Riley took the remaining 30 swats like a trooper, she even counted that last 10 from Oliver. She later told me that she counted them to help her hold back her orgasm, saying that I hadn't cum so she wasn't going to.
I told her that she should have, that the guys would have liked watching her.
Spanking over, I said,
"Good, let's grab the booze and go downstairs to the lounge, there's more space down there. Oliver, you may like to bring your camera."
I grabbed my laptop and a box with the 4 heart rate monitors and we all went downstairs, 4 clothed young men and 4 naked girls.
"Right girls, I need each of you to put one of these on your wrists, like a watch. They're heart rate monitors and they are linked to my laptop. They will tell everyone when we are cumming. I'm not saying that any of us would fake it, it's just that the guys can watch our heart rates and maybe bet on who will get there first. Oh, I haven't got any prizes, it's all just for the fun of it. Have a seat on the sofa's and leave a space for me."
When we were ready I said,
"Okay guys, get comfortable, Oliver is that camera rolling? Now 1 of you said 'GO'."
All 4 guys instantly said "GO," and 4 girl's hands got busy.
It was difficult trying to make myself cum and watch the guys, they were so amusing, so predictable as their eyes went from my laptop screen to one of us and back. It took about 5 or 6 minutes for Roxy to cum first and the guys had successfully predicted that it would be her.
I'd originally thought that the game would end when the first girl orgasmed but as Roxy's orgasm started to subside all the guys told us to keep going. I was a little surprised when Daniella orgasmed next followed by me and finally Riley.
We all had a drink next and talked about the game, Riley saying that she was disappointed with herself and Matt saying that she came quicker when she was asleep.
When the conversation started to dwindle Oliver asked what the next game was.
"Okay guys," I said, "this next game has 4 rounds and the winner will be the guy who makes the most girls cum first in each round. After just 1 girl has cum we will have a 5 minute break, then for round 2 the guys will choose a different girl. After all 4 girls have been eaten by all 4 guys the winner will be the guy's tongue has made the most girls cum first in each round. I haven't worked out what we'll do for a tie-breaker, let's worry about that if it happens. Also, us girls still have the heart rate monitors but, obviously, there will be no one to watch the laptop screen. Okay guys, ready, GO."
I gasped as Oliver's tongue dived straight in to my vagina. You'd would think that I had never been eaten before, it was glorious. Oliver's tongue kept going from my vagina to my clit and every so often he would lick my butt hole as well. I was the first to scream and shout,
"I'm, cuuuuummmmming."
"Oliver," I asked when we were having the break and I was drinking some champagne, "where did you learn to do that?"
"Like it did you Georgia? It was one of the housekeeping girls who taught me everything that I know about sex during one summer break. My mother and father were away most of the time and she decided that I needed educating."
"Well the girl did a good job, I hope that you didn't get her pregnant."
"No, she got me to give her some money and she went and bought a box of 100 condoms."
"Good for her."
"What about you Georgia, you appear to know a lot about sex, who taught you?"
"I guess that I have to credit daddy's driver for that so I knew a lot before I went to Ibiza for my gap year. Whilst I was there I must have learnt enough to be awarded a first class with honours degree in sex - if there is such a thing. The stories that I could tell you, wow, I'm still amazed at what I got up to."
"You'll have to tell me sometime."
"I'd like that, if you promise to do that to me again."
"I promise."
"Just to let you know Oliver, I've stopped locking my apartment door so if you fancy coming up early one morning you can wake me up by doing that to me."
"I'll remember that when all my hareem have died of too much sex."
"You're not a muslim are you Oliver?"
"Hell no, they don't have enough wives for me."
"Nice sense of humour as well as a talented tongue. I'm not surprised that you have the girls queueing up to get photographed naked."
"I wish."
"You've got 4 here."
"Yes but you're only 4, I want 4,000."
"Greedy as well, what time is it?"
"Okay folks, time for round 2, I hope that all tongue muscles are suitably relaxed and all pussies have recovered."
The girls took their places on the sofas and the guys got down on their knees, Ben in between mine, and we started.
Either Ben wasn't that good at it or my pussy wasn't in the right mood because Matt won, Riley screaming her head off. As Riley started to return to normal I heard Matt say to her,
"Did you forget to shave this morning Riley?"
"No, I'm going to get rid of all of it permanently on Tuesday morning and I need to grow it a bit before then."
"Good, a nice smooth pussy shows it better."
"That's what I thought and I'm happy that you like it. It will be all smooth for you next time."
It was Harry eating me after the next break and he got me soo close, but he was beaten to it by Matt eating Daniella's pussy. I was so close that there was no way that I was going to let Harry not finish me and I held his head to my pussy until I went over the edge.
There were a number of comment about my orgasm not counting and when I was able I agreed with them eliminating it from the game and telling them that I was so close that it would have been criminal to stop at that moment.
After the third, slightly longer break it was Matt between my legs and I knew that he was either going to win the contest or tie with Oliver. As it turned out, Matt was even better than Oliver and it was my turn to try to scream the building down.
I took ages to recover from that one and during the break I said the same thing to Matt about him coming and waking me by doing what he had just done to me. He too said that he probably would.
After the longer break and the consumption of more alcohol, I announced,
"So far the games have been all about satisfying the girls, and I'm sure that all us girls will agree when I say that they've done an awesome job of it. I've got more games in my mind but I think that we'll have one more game that will be guaranteed to make the guys happy then I think we'll have a game that will be little less stimulating, well certainly to start off with, more on that later, but the game now is for the girls to make the guy's cum using only their mouths.
Obviously, men aren't built to cum 4 times in a short period of time so what I propose is that we have round 1 now, then the next round at the next building meeting and so on. Oliver is keeping a video record of all tonight's action and I suggest that the first order of business at each meeting is to review the videos of the last meeting and time how long it took for the first girl to show to the camera what has been deposited in her mouth.
Before we start, can we have suggestions for the frequency of these meetings please?"
"Once per week." Oliver suggested.
"Daily." Daniella suggested.
"Every other day." Roxy suggested.
We put the suggestions to the vote and once fortnightly won.
"Okay guys pick a girl then line up where the camera can see you and drop them pants. Girls get down on your knees and get ready to begin."
Matt was stood beside me and he put his arm round me, gently squeezed my right tit and said,
"Looks like it's your lucky day Georgia."
"Or mine." I whispered.
I smiled then we got into position. When I could see that everyone was ready I shouted "GO," and 4 girl's mouths engulfed 4 hard cocks. I felt my throat stretch as I took all of his cock deep into me then pulled up before going straight back down again. I wished that I hadn't excluded hands on balls, but I had, so I had to resist the urge to fondle them with my hands but I could take them into my mouth and I did.
The problem is that I wanted to win and I knew that men prefer their cock in my mouth over their balls in my mouth so I went back to his cock and toyed with the end of it with my tongue. That and the long licks of the underside of his cock and Matt was soon telling me that he was about to cum.
I took my mouth off his cock and held my open mouth just in front of his cock whilst I licked the end of it and looked up to his eyes. The look on his face told me that an eruption was imminent and I held my tongue under the end of his cock.
Seconds later my mouth was getting filled with his 'tadpoles', as Riley called his cum, as I still looked up to a happy face.
Once I thought I had got it all I turned my head to the camera and held my mouth open wide then turned back to Matt, showed him his deposit again, swallowed it all. Then showed him my empty mouth.
"Good girl Georgia, we beat the others."
"Shall I keep going and see it I can milk it some more?"
"You can if you want Georgia, but I think that you are wasting your time."
"Sucking a nice cock is never a waste of time." I said and opened my mouth wide again.''
I kept sucking until the other 3 guys had cum, Matt was getting hard again, but not fast enough.
"Okay, I said, that's 1 to Matt and me. Let's see if a different combination in a couple of weeks can win. Right, something a little more sedate now, we're going to play dollies."
"What!" Oliver said, "I've never even touched a little girls doll."
"And you're not going to Oliver, the dolls that I'm talking about are us 4 girls."
"I'm not putting a nappy or other clothes on any of you." Oliver complained again.
"Patience Oliver, if you'll let me finish you'll understand and be happy to take part.
One at a time each of us girls will get up and stand perfectly still. For the next 4 times 5 minutes each guy in turn will stand up and move the girl's body to any position that he likes but the girl cannot do absolutely anything to help the guy, she must pretend to be a flexible mannequin with absolutely no expression on her face and her eyes must be staring straight forward.
If she moves her eyes, turns her head, opens her mouth, smiles or any muscle in her body moves, she will get a failure mark from the judges, which are the rest of us.
These will be totalled and after all girls have had their turn the girl with the lowest failure marks will win."
"Is there any limit to what we can do to the girl?"
"Absolutely not. You can move her limbs to any position that they will go. If you decide to fuck her and she moans or cums and can't keep still she will get a black mark. If you stick your cock in her mouth and she instinctively starts sucking she will also get a black mark. In effect she will be your flexible sex doll for the time that you are up there.
Girls, if you loose your balance and fall over you must stay where you land. If the guy wants you back on your feet, or your head, he must put you there without you using using even 1 muscle. Do you all understand the rules?"
Everyone indicated that they did so I picked up my phone and went to the clock app then told everyone that we were going to use rock, paper scissors to decide the sequence that the girls went in and the guys separately.
Sequences sorted, Roxy and Oliver got up, I started the stopwatch and told them to start. It soon became obvious that we should have played the game before most of the champagne and beer had been drunk because Roxy was laughing and they soon ended up on the floor in a heap.
The other guys had their turn but Roxy just couldn't keep still. It was the same with Daniella and Riley and we were all laughing so hard that it hurt.
Finally it was my turn to be the doll and I did manage a lot better than the other girls, probably because I hadn't drunk so much, and I only had a few penalties against me. What's more the guys put me in positions that were just as revealing as my gym workouts.
I was hoping that one, or more, of them would fuck me or stick their cock in my mouth just to see if I could stay motionless but it wasn't to be, maybe we'd play the game the next time.
Finally admitting defeat with the games Riley, Daniella, Oliver and Harry decided to go for a swim while the rest of us went into the sauna when it didn't take long for Ben to start fucking Roxy and Matt me.
When we got too hot in there Ben and disappeared and Matt led me up to his room where we fucked again then went to sleep.
******