by Don Gordon
The story so far: I'm a 23-year-old American who's just finishing up a one year work stint in Japan as an English lecturer in a small college on the coast south of Tokyo. Here I was all set to go home, when suddenly one morning, one of my students, a cute 19-year-old named Ai, gives me a peek up her skirt. She's going commando, and it turns out she is doing it to get me to stay another year. Problem is I've got a girlfriend back in the States, Elise, but anyway, I ended up developing a fever. The next morning, Ai shows up at my apartment to take care of me, and generally teases me like crazy. She ends up sleeping over, and in the middle of the night, we go out to buy drinks. On the way back, she starts playing on the swings half naked in this park. Morning came, we headed back, and she got dressed on the way.
Once we got inside back at my place, unable to hold back any longer, I came up behind Ai, and wrapped my arms around her. She stood there for a moment, but then broke away.
"I have to go," she exclaimed. "Go check on my grandfather." I looked at her, feeling hurt almost, finding her excuses increasingly hard to accept. How could she be so sexy one moment, and then so distant the next? She looked at me, her face torn as well, but then turned, and went into the bathroom to change.
I sat down on my bed, when my smartphone rang. I answered.
"Donald, is that you? I've been trying to get you."
"Elise!" I cried out, shocked to hear her voice. I heard something fall in the bathroom. 'Oh no!' I thought. This is bad, very bad!
"Um, oh yeah, sorry. I've been sick, so I've had my smartphone switched off."
"You've been sick! Oh, that's horrible. Is there anything I can do?"
"Um, no, no. I'm feeling better now."
The bathroom door opened a crack, and Ai peeked out. I smiled at her weakly, my mind racing, wondering what to do.
"Have you got your plane ticket?" Elise asked.
"Uh, oh... yeah. I made the reservation, but I haven't gone to pick it up yet."
On hearing this, Ai came out of the bathroom, her shoulders and legs bare, with a towel wrapped around her.
"What's the flight number and arrival time? I'll go to the airport to pick you up."
"Um... I'm not sure. I'll check later."
Ai came skipping over, and landed on top of me, pushing me back onto the bed. Her towel came loose, causing her gorgeous tits to bounce into view. She climbed up on top straddling my midsection, and then leaned forward bringing her face so close to mine Elise could probably hear her breathing.
"Um, honey, could you just hold on for a sec?" I covered the mouthpiece with my hand, and then Ai kissed me full on the lips. She was pressing her body against mine. Through my clothes, I could feel her breasts on my chest and her muff rubbing against my cock. She started kissing me on my neck. I could hear Elise's voice,
"What's that noise? Where are you?"
Ai sat up, her breasts a-dangling, and backed up onto my thighs. She peered down at my pants, and then started undoing the button and fly. I reached down to try to stop her, but she started giggling and moving her hands in from this direction and that to get past my guard. I dropped the phone when I reached to stop her. When I looked over to where it had fallen, Ai slipped past my guard, and pulled my pants and underwear down. My cock flipped out, fully erect. Ai's eyes went wide with surprise, instantly causing me to wonder if she'd ever seen a penis before. My erection swelled even more.
"Ai, stop it!" I whispered.
She hesitantly reached down, and ran her finger up the length of the shaft bringing me dangerously close to coming. It was all I could do to keep from exploding all over Ai's cute face. Her eyes were way wide, her luscious lips, slightly parted.
"Donald. What's going on?" came Elise's voice sounding so far away. Ai shifted down moving her gorgeous face close to my weapon.
"We can do it if you'd like, Donald," Ai breathed, looking up at me.
I reached over, and grabbed the phone, as Ai wrapped her willowy fingers tightly around the base of my member. Summoning my last shred of reason, I mumbled into the phone,
"Listen, Elise, can I call you back? One of my students needs some help."
"Um, OK, honey, but anyway, let me know the flight details as soon as you can, huh?"
"Yeah sure," I said, my voice wavering with pleasure as Ai started licking my cock.
"OK, talk to you soon."
"OK bye."
"Bye."
As soon as I hung up, Ai sat up, and calmly pulled one of my pubic hairs off her lips.
"Your student need help?" she said, clearly annoyed. She stood up, wrapped her towel back around her pert tits, and went back to the bathroom.
"Ai!" I cried out in very serious frustration.
"We can do it, but not here," her voice came from the bathroom. I sat up, my cock sticking straight up, still dying to be finished off.
"What?"
"Take me somewhere... somewhere outside... like Genji park."
"OK, OK," I agreed. I'd somehow managed to be good so far, but all this teasing was more than I could take. I'd never felt such a strong desire for a woman before. I didn't care about work or going home or anything. All I could think about was her. I took a deep breath, but suddenly, I realized I had no condoms.
"Uh, Ai, listen, first I have to go to Yokohama to get something."
From the bathroom, she called out,
"OK, I go home, and get something too. You give me call on my sumaho (=smartphone), when you are ready."
She came out of the bathroom back in her jeans and t-shirt. She still looked cute, her deep black eyes reflecting the light from my window, this quizzical look on her face. I went to have a shower, but when I came out, she had already gone. Her phone number was lying on the table. I phoned the college to tell them I wouldn't be coming in. What would they say if they knew what I was really planning?
I packed some wipes, a ground sheet and a blanket in my backpack, and headed out. I caught a bus to the station and from there, a train to Yokohama. I knew there was an 'American' pharmacy not too far from one of the stations, and managed to find it. I don't think I've ever felt so ashamed buying condoms in my life. The cashier was an attractive woman, and she gave me a strange look as if I were some kind of pervert. On the train back to Miura, I brooded on whether this was really the right decision. She really is the most vexing creature. I'd almost managed to talk myself out of it when I arrived at the station.
I gave Ai a call, and she sounded so happy to hear from me. Still, wavering a bit, I arranged to meet her a few train stops away, near the hiking trail that leads to Genji. We'd been there once before with the excursion club. I got there first. It was a small station, just a lone open-air train platform in the woods. Half the time, there wasn't even anyone there to take your ticket.
A few trains later, Ai showed up. She was still wearing my hoodie. She looked so cute, her eyes darting this way and that, looking to see if anyone was around. As soon as I saw her looking so beautiful, my doubts vanished. Even I was surprised at the depth of my feeling for her.
She had brought a pair of box lunches for us to eat. We sat on the bench on the platform, and quietly ate them. I kept looking at her, enchanted by her soft skin, wide innocent eyes, long black eyelashes, the mysterious expression on her shiny pink lips. She didn't look at me, almost as if she were too shy to, but she just kind of gazed out at the trees, basking in my attention.
When we were finished, we got packed up again, and set out for a grassy park we knew, fairly high up in the hills quite a ways up the trail. We followed the road past old wooden houses until we came to the temple behind which there was an entrance to the trail. We didn't see very many people, perhaps because it looked like it was going to rain. Ai noticed me staring bleakly up at the sky, and she pulled out a pair of small umbrellas from her pack.
"You'd make a good girl scout," I joked.
"What?"
"Oh nothing." She always seemed to be well prepared.
We walked around behind the temple, and found the pathway leading through the forest up into the hills. I let her go first, and we climbed up till we got to the top of the ridge that ran along for several miles. The sea was off behind us, and the town down to the left, but we couldn't really see either because of all the trees. When we'd been here on weekends we'd met a few other hikers, but this was a weekday afternoon. There didn't seem to be anybody around. Ai ducked into the bush.
"Wait," she said looking at me somewhat nervously as she started to fiddle with the button on her jeans.
"Um, Ai, I don't..." I was going to stop her, but I could see from the gleam in her eye that this was the whole reason she'd wanted to go out from my room. I think she must have a thing for getting naked outdoors. Not that I mind exactly. She does look simply stunning in the sunlight, but I was a bit concerned about someone coming along and seeing us. I looked back down the way we had come and along the trail running to the left. It seemed quiet, but the sky was growing darker, and the wind picking up. Hopefully, the storm would discourage other hikers from coming out this far.
Ai slipped out of her hiking shoes, and stood on top of them as she pulled down her jeans and underpants. I was almost surprised to see her wearing underwear. She pulled down the hem of her hoodie to cover up her fluffy black bush as she glanced around nervously. She stepped out of her jeans and panties, and squatted down to put them away in her backpack. I reached down to pull up her hoodie to take a peek at her behind, but she swatted my hand away. Pulling her backpack on, she stood up, and turned to face me.
"How do I look?"
"Gorgeous."
"No, I mean, can you tell...?" She stood with her arms at her side, and the hem fell just below her crotch more or less hiding her pussy.
"You look fine. Maybe you better put the hood up just in case someone recognizes you."
She batted her eyelashes nervously, and carefully lifted the hood. The hem rose as she did bringing the lush black hair covering her pubis into view. She was standing in the shade, and the clouds above were now quite dark, but in any case, it was much brighter out than the night before. I could see clearly the shape of her pussy, every hair, standing out in the afternoon air. She shivered, and her tits rose swelling up, pulling the hem up further.
"There. That's much better," I joked.
She twirled to give me a peek at her bottom, but she quickly pulled the hood back down, and straightened the hem. When she saw me smirking at her, a smile played across her lips. She hit me playfully.
"OK, anyway, let's go," she said trying to sound businesslike. She stepped out from between the trees, pulling at the hem, and peered cautiously down the pathway. I let her go on ahead, but every few hundred yards, she would pause to wait for me. Her hem bounced as she walked, giving me the occasional glimpse of the luscious round cheeks of her bare ass.
Once we'd been walking for a while, we finally came to the clearing we'd been aiming for. Unfortunately, as we approached, I could clearly make out people's voices. Ai became afraid, and hung back while I took a look. Sure enough there was a group of guys, maybe university age, sitting on one of the picnic tables jabbering away. I walked back to Ai who was squatting down in the brush trying to keep out of sight.
"We'd better go back. Maybe you'd better put your jeans on. If they're here, there could be more people around."
She wrapped her arms around mine, and snuggled up next to me, but made no move to get changed.
"Well suit yourself, but we'd better get out of here before they spot us."
We jogged along the path back the way we'd come. I felt a few drops of rain on my skin, but that was all. Once we were out of range we slowed down, but kept on walking. The wind was blowing pretty strongly, and I was beginning to despair that with weather like this the whole idea was hopeless. We reached the hilltop where Ai had changed not long before. We couldn't very well go down to the temple. There'd been no one there earlier, but people looking for shelter from the rain might head for there. The two of us just stood there not knowing what to do.
Ai started looking off into the woods towards the sea. We both knew the Pacific was over there somewhere even if we couldn't see it. She pushed back the branches of one of the bushes, and stepped into the dense forest undergrowth.
"Ai, where...?"
She'd almost disappeared into the bush, so I headed after her. The path she was following was overgrown with grass and weeds, but perhaps once a long time ago, people had used it. She started climbing up this steep muddy cliff side. She was quite a good climber really, carefully steadying herself at each foothold. I stood staring up at her as the hem of her hoodie wafted in and out in the breeze. When she lifted a leg up to take another step, her delicate pussy would come clearly into view. God, she's gorgeous.
When she'd made it to the top, she turned, and looked down seemingly concerned about whether I could make it up. I grabbed onto rocks and weeds, and slowly picked my way up. Once I was up, she started pushing through the brush again, till she found a grassy clearing at the top of a cliff overlooking the ocean.
"Wow!" I said. This was perfect. The clouds were closing in, and it even looked like it was raining in the distance, but anyway, I unpacked my ground sheet, and tried to flatten it out on the grass. At least no one would disturb us here.
With some effort, I got the ground sheet spread out, sat down on it, and took off my shoes. Ai sat down at the other edge, and pulled her umbrellas out of her backpack. She kneeled down, and peering back into the bush, slowly pulled the hoodie up and over her head. Her long black hair floated down as she pulled off her blouse as well. She wasn't wearing a bra. Now she was wearing nothing at all save her socks and hiking boots. Her tits had perked right up, and she'd spread her legs showing me the soft fur of her pussy. She was shivering a bit, but she looked so beautiful, her pink flesh highlighted by the strange storm lighting.
I crawled over, and tried to take her arm, but she just backed away, and stood up giggling. On my knees, I moved closer again, but she quickly snatched up one umbrella, and ran back the way we had come, still buck-naked.
"Ai, where are you going?"
She stood at the edge of the bush, giggling, seemingly elated to be free of her clothes. I motioned for her to come back, but she just stood there laughing, clearly enjoying being naked in the woods. I finally pulled my shoes back on, but by the time I had, she had disappeared into the bush. Her clothes were all still here stuffed away in her backpack. What does she think she's doing? She shouldn't be running around the woods in her birthday suit. What if someone sees her? I left our stuff there, and went after her.
Once I'd made it to the top of the muddy slope, I could see her down below standing up and brushing herself off. She'd slid down, and got mud all over her bare legs and bottom.
"Ai, wait!"
She looked up at me beaming. It was clear that the exhibitionist in her had taken over, and she wasn't about to quit now. She disappeared into the bush, so I slid down the cliff after her. I managed to keep my balance, so I didn't get too dirty, but I could feel drops of rain again. When I caught sight of Ai again, she had opened the umbrella, and was walking down the path towards the temple. Oh lord, how far is she planning to go? Someone will see her for sure. I ran after her, and finally caught up to her standing just behind the temple under the eaves. She was shielding her body from view with the umbrella.
"Ai, this is crazy. You can't walk around naked. Someone will see you."
"So fun," she said giggling all the more. She turned, and walked to the far corner of the temple building, and peeked around the corner. I was afraid for her, but I have to admit I was getting seriously aroused seeing her gallivanting around the temple grounds starkers. She stood there, her body arched seductively as she looked to see if anyone was there. I walked over, half intending to stop her before she went too far, but before I could grab her arm, she had stepped out along the side of the temple into view of the street. She was still hiding behind the umbrella, but as she became surer that no one was there, she lifted the umbrella, and looked back at me seemingly proud of her own daring.
Scanning the road for signs of life, I walked out after her, but she made for this gate at the edge of the temple grounds that led toward the beach. Before I could catch up, she went out onto the beach. The rain had started to come down more seriously now, but she alternated between hiding her body with the umbrella and using it to block the rain. I was too busy worrying about Ai to be concerned by the rain. Ai was taking us further and further from her clothes. How far is she planning to go?
I followed her out to the beach, wiped the rain out of my eyes, and stared down the beach. My heart jumped when I saw some people there. They were still quite some distance off, but clearly visible. Ai, hunched behind her umbrella, had spotted them too, and was straining her eyes to see if they'd caught sight of us.
"C'mon, Ai. This is crazy. We'd better head back."
"OK, I just want to wash..." She pointed to the mud on her bottom and legs. I don't know why but I found the sight of the wet mud caked to her soft white skin oddly arousing. I stood against the fence, part of me wanting to go after her, and take her right there on the beach. I checked and sure enough there were condoms in my pocket. Lord, what am I thinking?
Ai came back, handed me her umbrella, and sat down on the sand behind me to take off her boots and socks. I kept glancing over nervously at the group further down the beach. Ai looked up at me.
"Maybe they don't know I'm naked."
Lord, let's hope. However, taking a huge chance, Ai, now completely naked, scurried down to the shore, and waded into the water. Shivering from the cold, she quickly washed off the mud, and came running back.
"It's so cold." She wrapped her arms around me to try to warm up. I could hardly believe all this was happening. Here she was miles from her clothes, seemingly not worried in the slightest. What on earth was she thinking?
The situation and now the feeling of her naked body rubbing against me was getting me more and more riled up. I dropped the umbrella, and reached down to hold her face in my hands. I kissed her full on the lips. Now soaking wet, she shivered, but hesitantly kissed me back. I wrapped my arms around her, running my fingers down her smooth wet back. I could feel her erect nipples brushing gently against my chest. Out of the haze of my desire, I slowly began to realize that the people in the distance were walking this way.
Ai gave me a last kiss, picked up her boots and socks, and headed back through the gate. I picked up the umbrella, and quickly followed.
Ai scampered along like a little deer, back towards the corner of the temple, but spotted something on the trail. I quickly caught up.
"Do you hear voice?"
She was right. It sounded like the guys I'd seen in the clearing earlier. Ai looked panic stricken. Her clothes were all back up at the top of the hill, the same direction these guys were coming from.
"I never should have...," she whispered shivering in the cold rain, her eyes wide with fear.
"OK, OK, here, anyway, you'd better put this on." I handed her the umbrella, and then quickly unbuttoned my shirt. I had a t-shirt on underneath, and my outer shirt would be plenty big on Ai. We exchanged umbrella for shirt, and she quickly put it on, blinking nervously under my gaze. The shirt was long enough to just cover her pussy, but she didn't look decent really, shivering uncontrollably, her bare legs glistening wet.
"I'm sorry, Donarudo," she said almost crying.
"Yeah, that's OK. There's not much we can do now. Here, I guess we'd better go into the temple."
I circled around to the front, Ai close behind. There were cars in the distance on the road, but we scrambled up the stairs and in. The temple was warm and dry, and thankfully there was no one inside. Someone must have lit some incense earlier because the aroma was still in the air.
"OK, you'll be safe here... Anyway, I'll go get our stuff."
"Don't leave." She wrapped her arms around me, and held me tightly. My hard-on was raging unabated, but I was earnestly trying to think of what to do. "Please don't leave." She hugged me even tighter. I tried to unpin my arm, but my hand slid against the back of her leg, and as I raised it I could feel the alluring curve of her bare bottom. I wanted so much to make love to her, but with great difficulty, I managed to keep my head, and concentrate.
"Anyway, let me check if those guys have walked past yet." I went outside, and stood on the stairs for a while till they came. They looked over at me, and we nodded to each other, but thankfully they kept on going.
When I came back in, Ai peered nervously over my shoulder.
"Is they gone?"
"Are they gone? Yes."
Hearing this, Ai breathed a sigh of relief.
To be continued in Year Away in Japan 5
Don Gordon