"Are we almost there, Tim?" I asked. "Gosh, I feel like we've been driving forever."
"We're basically around the corner, Laura," Tim told me. "Maybe five more minutes."
I could hardly wait until we arrived at our camp site for the weekend. We'd been driving for six hours to get to the Adirondacks where Tim and I had gone when we were kids with our families. Our parents were good friends for years before me and Tim were even born, and so we spent a lot of time together growing up, and every year in the summer we'd spend a week out in the wilderness together. My fondest memories were with Tim, swimming in the lake, trying to catch fireflies at night, building forts in the woods, practicing lacrosse. The summer before we entered high school though, his dad found a new job across the state, and we haven't been back here since.
"I can't wait, Tim!" I said, gripping his shoulder. "I'm so happy we get to hang out like we used to!"
"I know!" Tim said. "I mean, it's been years since I've even seen you. This is going to be so much fun! I'm excited for you to meet my friends from college, too!"
Even though Tim moved hours away, we still talked all the time, over the phone or through skype, but I haven't actually seen him in person since 10th grade; a few years ago. Since then we've both graduated and gotten a year of college under our belts. I was afraid at first we might have changed too much and grown apart, but the moment I got in his car I knew we were just as good of friends as we used to be, talking the entire six hours we were stuck in the car.
Although, there was one big change I noticed about Tim right away. He got SO cute! When we were in middle school, Tim was always super skinny and lanky and had terrible acne. Over the years of skyping I noticed he was maturing, but now seeing him in person, I saw he really grew into a handsome young man. Years of lacrosse made him really fit, and he told me once he got to college he found some friends on the team to start working out with, and it really started to show. Tim wasn't lanky anymore. He was tall with broad shoulders and really muscular legs. I swear half the car ride I was trying to check him out without him noticing.
"Here we are!" Tim proclaimed as we pulled into our camping spot. It seemed Tim's friends were all there already, as several tents were pitched and a campfire had already been started. We stepped out of the car, and Tim was immediately met with hugs and high fives from three other boys, and a girl.
"Guys, guys, this is my longtime friend, Laura," Tim said, introducing me. "Laura, this is Alex, James, John, and Ashley."
Right away I was a little overwhelmed by meeting a group of new people, trying to remember names, worrying about first impressions. They all welcomed me warmly though, reintroducing themselves individually. Tim and I unpacked our things and began pitching our tents. Tim had his up in what seemed like no time at all and took a seat next to his buddies around the fire, while I struggled a bit getting all my poles organized. Ashley must have noticed I was struggling, and got up and walked over to me.
"Hey Laura, you need a hand?" she asked.
"God yes," I told her laughing. "I haven't put one of these up in like, six years."
Ashley smiled and knelt down next to me, moving some of the poles around into groups.
Ashley was a little taller than me, which wasn't saying much as I was only 5'4", with straight blonde hair that perfectly clashed with my dark auburn curls. We both looked to be about the same body type though, and so I wondered if she played any sports like me and Tim.
"Hey, Ashley, do you play lacrosse as well?"
"Yeah!" she said. "Do you play too?"
"Yup. Me and Tim were on the same co-ed team growing up in middle school."
"Oh that's so cool!" Ashley said in a way that made her seem very sincere, looking up to me and making eye contact. "That's actually how me and Tim met. I was already friends with Alex and James, and then we all met Tim and John at a lacrosse event before our first match earlier in the year."
"Oh, so we all play lacrosse then? That's pretty cool!" I said.
"Yeah, I guess so!" Laura said, again taking the time to look up to me when she spoke.
"We're going to have a great weekend exploring this place," she added.
"Yeah, Tim and I used to come here all the time. I can show you all the best trails," I told her. "And there's a secret lake just a minute or two from here. It's tucked away in the woods so no one really knows about it. Tim and I didn't even know about it until after a few years of coming here."
"Oh nice! Tim told us all to make sure we brought our bathing suits, but he didn't say we'd have a whole lake to ourselves!"
"Yeah, it's pretty great," I agreed.
Ashley and I were quiet for a bit after that, except for the occasional, "No, I think that goes here," or a "can you pass me that?" We ended up working really well together and the tent was up in no time.
"Phew!" I exhaled when it was all done.
"Good job, Laura!" Ashley said, walking over to me and giving me a high five. She really made me feel part of the group already. "Let's grab a drink and relax by the fire with the boys," she said.
"Wait, hang on," I told her. "Ashley, could you just point out the other boys and remind me who's who? I already forgot," I admitted.
"Of course!" she said. "That one is Alex," she said pointing to the shortest boy, although still taller than me and Ashley. Alex looked like a lumberjack. Really strong forearms, full but nicely trimmed beard, wide shoulders, just really rugged and powerful, like he could really run people over playing lacrosse, or like, chop down a tree with an axe for fun or something.
"And that's James," she said pointing to the boy in between Tim and Alex. James was in good shape, not too bulky, and similar in build to Tim. Short dark hair neatly gelled and combed to the side.
"And that one's John," Ashley said. "John is really shy and quiet, but he's also really smart, and super sweet," she told me. John was not as muscular as the other boys, but not in bad shape, either. He was probably the opposite of Alex in terms of looks: taller, clean shaven, and skinny with thick, black rimmed glasses.
"I looked them all over and recalled their names out loud to Ashley in order. "Tim, obviously, John, Alex, and James."
"There you go, you got it down already," Ashley said. There was a brief pause, and Ashley replied, "God, aren't they all really hot?"
I looked over to her, and Ashley grinned back, her eyes wide.
"Honestly?" I answered, a little embarrassed. "Yeah, I could spend all weekend checking these boys out!"
Ashley winked at me, then walked over to the cooler, grabbed two beers, and tossed me a can. "Come on," she said, "let's catch up with the guys."
With that, we cracked open our cans and walked over, sitting with the boys around the fire.
We all joked for a while, talking about college life and lacrosse, trading stories about the stupid kids we've met doing drunken things in the dorms. John, James, Alex and Tim were all familiar with each other and the people they talked about, but they all made me feel right at home, explaining inside jokes so I didn't feel left out. Eventually, the sun began to fall behind the tree line and we were all laughing and drinking together.
"Guys!" Tim said after what I think was probably his 4th or 5th beer. "I have an idea. Let's go out to the lake!"
"Hell yes!" John and James were the first to exclaim.
Alex stood up. "I'm down too! Ashley? Laura? You two coming as well?"
Ashley and I looked at each other, already knowing what the other was thinking. We looked to the boys and at the same time, said, "Hell yeah!"
We all tipsily ran to our tents and changed into our bathing suits. I put on my blue bikini top and bottoms and raced out to find everyone was already changed and waiting, the boys with bathing suits and shirts on, while me and Ashley both threw on a shirt and cutoff shorts over our bikinis.
"How in the hell did everyone change so fast?" I asked laughing.
They all looked at each other, not knowing why everyone had raced to put their bathing suits on so quickly, and laughed.
"We're all just excited to go for a swim, I guess," James said smiling.
"All right, Tim, Laura, you two lead the way!" John said.
Tim and I started, walking side by side, with the others following.
"Isn't it crazy," I started to tell Tim, "How natural this feels after all this time? I swear it feels like we were walking down this trail together last week."
"I know!" Tim said. "I was just thinking the same thing. It looks exactly the same. The thin dirt road, all the little bumps and turns. Everything."
"Do you remember the first time we found this trail, when we thought we knew what poison ivy was, and we were scared to touch anything green?" I asked Tim, laughing.
"Oh my god!" Tim said. "I forgot about that! Your dad told us he had gotten it and pointed it out to us by our cabin, but we both thought he was just pointing to the grass! And we wondered off trying to find more of it, but we didn't really understand what we were looking for." Tim started to laugh. "And then. This trail gets even thinner right here," he said, passing by the very point we were remembering from years ago. "And the grass grazed my leg and I got scared I would get poison ivy, so then I started chasing you trying to touch you with my 'infected' leg!"
Tim and I stopped talking for a moment to let our laughter out as we continued down the trail.
"Oh my god, is that the story how you guys found the lake?" James asked from behind us.
"Yup!" I turned back to answer, still smiling. "The trail gets so bare at this point we never thought to keep going. We just, thought it ended, I guess. But that time I was running for my life - away from Tim's "infected" leg - and we ran right through to the lake."
"Did Tim end up catching you?" Ashley asked me.
"You know," I started, "the second me and Tim saw how amazing the lake was, we completely forgot about the poison ivy."
"Yeah," Tim agreed. "We came to a dead stop, looked at each other for a second, and just jumped right in." Tim looked over to me. "We came back to our tents hours later, soaking wet."
"Yup!" I said looking back at Tim. "Our parents were so mad!"
Tim and I laughed a bit longer. It felt so good to remember that, walking the trail with Tim like before.
Only a few moments after we finished telling the story, we took a few more paces up a hill and stopped, allowing everyone behind us to walk up the hill and look out across the lake.
"What!" John said aloud, the first one to see the lake. "You guys gotta see this!"
"Holy shit, you guys weren't joking," Ashley added as everyone else ran up the hill to see. "This in incredible."
We all stopped, gazing at the water. We stood right at a rock-edged cliff, about ten feet above the lake, a straight drop down. The lake was swallowed by vertical rock walls on three sides, the highest being about 25 feet up on the farther side of the lake, and to our right about a quarter way around was a small, sandy beach where you could walk into the water if you didn't want to jump.
"Let's go down to the sand," Tim suggested, walking down without waiting for a response, and everyone followed. As I went along, I was suddenly hit with the realization that I'd get to see Tim and the other boys take their shirts off! I got really excited, and hurried to get to the sandy shore.
I was the first there, having passed everyone else on the way down, and anxiously waited for everyone else to catch up. Eventually they all maneuvered past shrubs and bushes and tall grasses and made it to the shore. Everyone took off their sneakers and socks and walked over to feel the water, and realized how chilly the water was. The night air was humid and warm, and everyone was sweating a bit from the hike over, but the water was pretty cold at first touch. No one wanted to be the first one in, and we all stood around, waiting for someone to make the first move.
Finally, James spoke up. "Hey Alex, I dare you to jump in off that cliff over there," he said, pointing to the rock face on the opposite side. The one that was 25 feet high.
"You think I won't do it?" Alex asked.
"Nah, you're too scared!" Tim chimed in.
This seemed to anger Alex, if only for a second, but a calm look quickly overtook his face, and he replied, quite simply, "Fine."
As if nothing at all, Alex turned and started to hike around to the other side of the lake.
"That was easy," John said once Alex was out of earshot.
"Usually is," replied James, smiling. "You can't tell Alex he won't do something, because, trust me, he'll do it."
We all watched as Alex finally got to the top of the cliff. He cautiously walked to the edge and looked down, and backed up a few paces. Alex took off his shirt and tossed it aside. I was in awe of Alex's body. His chest was huge and covered in hair, and his shoulders flowed to a perfect V shape down to his hips. My heart started to beat a little faster as I finally got to see one of the boys shirtless. And then, Alex did something unexpected.
He started to take off his bathing suit. His hips shimmied side to side and Alex slowly slid his bathing suit to the ground. I gasped aloud.
"Alex!" James called out across the lake. "What the hell are you doing!?"
Alex turned his back to us and walked a few steps further away from the edge again, giving us all a great look at his plump ass and thick legs. My heart started to pound in my chest I was so excited to see him completely naked! I glanced over to Ashley who was visibly turned on as well, as she stood next to me clenching her legs together.
Alex then turned back around. His cock looked amazing, even from a distance I could tell it was large and thick. Alex then ran full force towards the edge and jumped off, becoming a blur in the air. "Fuck you, James!" He yelled out as he fell, and hit the water.
Everyone burst into laughter. After a few moments I managed to control myself enough to ask, "Is he always like this?"
Tim and John were practically crying, and Ashley mustered enough breath so say, "I mean, I've never seen him naked before... but yeah, pretty much."
Alex swam back over to us and waded out in the water, up to his shoulders. "Guys come on in, the water's really nice, actually!" I watched, trying to see more of Alex's body, but the water obscured too much. The thought of him having no clothes on under there was making me really horny though. I desperately wanted to reach under my shorts and rub my clit. I could tell I was getting wet, too.
"You're turn," Alex said to James and Tim. "It's only fair you jump in next, after saying I wouldn't do it."
"Do we have to do it naked?" James asked sarcastically.
"Yup!"
James and Tim looked at each other inquisitively. Were they actually considering it? I could barely contain my excitement at the prospect of seeing the boys without their shirts on, but naked!?
Tim and James both looked to John.
"You in?" James asked.
"Oh what the hell," John said. "If everyone else is doing it."
With that, the three boys started off towards the other side of the lake.
"Holy shit!" Ashley said, turning towards me once the boys were far enough away.
"Laura, can you believe this!? We're going to see ALL FOUR of these boys with No Clothes On!"
I was at a loss for words. I stared at Ashley with my eyes wide and mouth hanging open, then turned back to see Tim, James, and John as they reached the cliff. They quickly tossed aside their shirts, then seemed to hesitate about taking their bathing suits off. Tim looked amazing without a shirt on. Tall, short hair, strong, and great abs. James looked similar, a little bit shorter but with longer hair, and John was definitely the tallest and skinniest, but they all looked really sexy up there. Then, Tim suddenly shimmied off his bathing suit and jumped into the water. It happened in a flash and I barely saw anything at all in the dim light. John and James followed suit respectively, and I was a little disappointed I didn't get a better look at them.
Then again, they were all naked still, and their clothes were all the way on the other side of the lake.
"Whoo! Good job boys!" Ashley applauded as they swam over to where Alex was.
"Yeah, seriously!" I added. "I don't think I'd be brave enough to do that!"
"You sure are brave enough, Laura," Alex said. "Because it's yours and Ashley's turn!"
"There's no way I'm going to jump off the cliff nake-" I turned towards Ashley and stopped mid-sentence. Ashley had already taken off her shorts and shirt and started to untie her bikini. "Ashley! What in god's name are you doing!?"
Ashley paused a second, then dropped her Bikini top to the floor, only her bottoms remaining. Ashley's breasts were bigger than mine, probably a C-cup and perfectly tear-dropped in shape. Her hips were curvy and she had a small pouch under her navel that receded under her bikini bottoms. You could just faintly see the outline of abs.
"Come on, Laura," she said. "The least we could do is return the show they just put on!"
Ashley grabbed my hand and pulled me with her as she started towards the other side of the lake, and I reluctantly followed.
"Yeah, Laura!" I heard Tim call out. "You got this!"
"Go Ashley!" James added.
We got to the top edge of the cliff and looked down. I was so nervous I could feel my palms start to sweat.
"It's easy," Ashley said. "You only have to be brave for a few seconds. That's all it takes."
She paused for a moment, then added. "Watch, I'll show you."
Ashley dropped her bottoms to the ground, which brought a roar of applause and whistling from the boys, then ran to the edge and did a perfect dive into the water. She surfaced, and looked up to me.
"You can do it, Laura!" she said over the clapping and hollering from the boys, "I know you can!"
Ashley swam back to the boys and turned to watch. I didn't know which I was more nervous about, getting naked in front of everyone, or jumping off a 25 foot cliff.
"One step at a time," I told myself, and took off my shirt and shorts, exposing my thin, flat stomach.
"Yeah, Laura!" I heard Alex shout. "Take it off!"
Soon a chant started, and everyone joined in. "Take it off! Take it off!"
I looked more closely at the boys, and realized from the height I was at, I could see clear through the water. Alex, Tim, James, and John all had erections. I was shocked how big Tim's and John's cocks were. They looked incredible! Alex and James were nothing to turn away from either. In fact I think Alex had the most girth. I could feel my bikini bottoms getting moist and, unconsciously, my hand lowered into my bottoms and I froze just before touching myself, remembering where I was.
They have erections... because of me?
The realization turned me on so much, I wasn't even worried about being naked in front of them anymore. I pushed my bikini bottoms to the floor and turned around, shaking my little bubble butt for the boys.
"Yeah, girl!" Ashley cheered.
"Whooo!" James and some of the other boys called out.
I noticed Tim was quiet and I turned back around to see. Both his hands were under the water, and I could faintly see... was he actually? He was! Tim was jerking off!
He was doing it very subtly, and everyone else was watching me, so no one else noticed. I couldn't believe it. Tim probably thought I couldn't see through the water, but I could! Tim was jerking off to me! I couldn't resist at this point. Not only was I not nervous about being naked anymore, I WANTED to be naked in front of everyone. I turned around so my back and bare ass were facing everyone, and slowly teased my bikini top off, unlacing it from the back, and lowering each strap off my shoulder. I turned around to face them, covering my B-cup breasts with my hands, and jiggling them up and down.
Tim wasn't the only one jerking off anymore. I could clearly see John and James both had their hands wrapped around their cocks, sliding forward and back. God seeing them do that made me want to jerk off for them, too! My pussy was aching for one of those boys' amazing cocks. Especially Tim's.
I dropped my hands to my sides, uncovering my perky breasts, to which everyone cheered.
I hesitated for only a second, but adrenaline pumped through me, and I took a few steps and jumped into the water, letting out a quick, high pitched scream. I didn't mean to yell, it just sort of happened as I fell.
I surfaced, and swam over to everyone else. The cool water felt amazing, swirling over my naked body.
I was greeted with more cheers and high fives. I could no longer see into the water like before, which was a little disappointing.
"Guys!" I said. "This was such an amazing experience!" I told them, barely able to catch my breath.
"Really freeing, isn't it?" Ashley said as she swam around me on her back, her breasts exposed above the water.
"You're all very welcome," Alex said smiling indignantly.
"For what, exactly?" John asked.
"If it weren't for me, you'd all be standing on the shore with your toes in the water and your clothes still on. We got to see Ashley and Laura NAKED because of me," he told John.
"That's true, actually," John admitted. "Thanks!" John laughed, splashing Alex.
Alex splashed back much more aggressively, getting Tim and Ashley nearby, which escalated things into a full on war.
"Oh no you didn't!" Ashley said, throwing herself onto Alex from the side, trying to force him under the water, only Alex didn't budge. He looked at her for a moment, and they both started to laugh.
"Look out, Tim!" I said, tackling him into the water to avoid a splash from John.
"Laura!" Tim shouted in laughter when he resurfaced. "Dunking me under the water is way worse than a splash!"
I tried to hold back a smile, but couldn't help it, and splashed him in the face.
"Oh yeah," I said, "You're right, a splash is less water. Who knew?"
"Oh that's it!" he said, tackling me into the water this time. As I fell into the water with Tim on top of me, my hand brushed against Tim's penis. I couldn't believe it, it was still fully erect! We twisted around together under water and his cock brushed up against my leg as well. When we resurfaced, I could tell Tim noticed, and was a little embarrassed.
Everyone else had calmed down and stopped splashing, and Tim moved away from me a bit. I wanted to tell him he had nothing to be embarrassed about! But I shied away at the last moment.
We continued to swim around a bit and chat, but all I could think about was watching the boys jerk off to me. And then getting to feel Tim's erect cock! I couldn't help myself any longer. I couldn't see under the water any more, and so I was certain no one could see me either. I lowered my hand under the water, and ran my middle finger over my clit. It felt amazing! I finally got the chance to relieve myself. The cool water swishing around over my labia added to the sensation. Soon I wasn't even listening to the conversation happening around me as I swirled my hand over my pussy. The desire for Tim's cock to be inside me was so intense! I pictured Tim coming over to me with his hard cock, lifting me up and pressing himself deep inside me. "Oh, Tim!" I called out in my head, imagining what his penis felt like inside of me. My fingers moved more intricately around my warm pussy under to cool water, all while trying my best to keep my arm from moving so no one would notice. I looked to Tim and the other boys again, knowing they were naked under the water, imaging them jerking off and fucking me. Oh God I was about to cum! "Tim I'm cumming!" I called out in my head. "Yes, Tim, Fuck me! I'm cumming I'm CUMMING! Fuck me Tim! Fuck Me!"
A blinding spotlight shone upon us from the shore and I was pulled back to reality. "This is park ranger Michael," a voice called out. "We've had a few complaints about too much noise from the woods - it's past curfew in the park, so you all need to dry up and head back to your campsite!"
I was completely struck by this. I had no idea there was a curfew in this part of the park, but then again, this was the first time I've been here without my and Tim's families, and so I'd never really been away from camp this late. I also had no clothes on. Could Ranger Michael tell we were naked? Shit, could we get in trouble? God, I was so close to cumming! Luckily I don't think anyone noticed.
"Alright, Sir!" James called back.
"Yeah, sorry we just lost track of time, we'll be out in a second, sorry about the noise!" Alex added.
"No problem, guys," the ranger said. "I just wanted to make sure everyone was alright. There was a report of screaming."
"Sorry about that," Ashley told him, covering for me from when I jumped off the cliff. "We just didn't realize how loud we were being. We'll get out right now and head back."
"Be safe!" he said.
Park ranger Michael thankfully didn't wait to watch and make sure we got out right away, turning his flashlight away from us and heading back through the woods.
We waited until we could no longer see the light from his flashlight and swam closer to the shore. For some reason I started to get a little shy about my body again, and I didn't want to be the first one out of the water. To no one's surprise, Alex was the first to get out - he wasn't bashful about be naked, nor should he be! - And the other three boys followed. Ashley and I got out at the same time, waiting so we could watch the guys from behind as we walked back up to the other side of the lake where our clothes were. All the boys still had erections, I couldn't believe it! Gosh they were so hot I wanted to touch myself again right there!
Ashley put a hand across my stomach to stop me from following in a blind daze as I watched their asses sway as they walked away.
"Oh my God!" she whispered to me. "Isn't this amazing!? Look at how hard we made them!"
I couldn't help but let out a light giggle. I was so happy!
"I know!" I whispered back. "I'm so horny right now this was amazing." I paused a moment, then decided to tell Ashley what I saw while I was on top of the cliff.
"Could you tell," I started. "That you could see really clearly through the water when we were up on the cliff?" I asked.
"Oh my god, yeah!" Ashley replied. "I almost didn't want to jump in, looking at all the boys naked under the water!"
"Well, after you jumped in," I said. "Tim, James and John ALL started to jerk off!" I realized I was getting a little too loud with my excitement and Ashley covered my mouth, then let go and put a finger to my lips.
"No WAY!" she whispered back. "Oh man, I'd give anything to watch some hot boys jerk off to me! Laura, we HAVE to come back her and do this again tomorrow."
I nodded in agreement as we reached the other side of the lake, where the boys quickly threw their bathing suits back on. They were all still so hot, even just with their shirts off now. Ashley and I raced over and put our bathing suits back on as well, and we started the walk back to our campsite.
Everyone was a little quieter now. I think the reality of everything was settling in a bit, and some of us were probably a little embarrassed. We got back to the campsite in relative silence where we stopped for a moment.
"Guys, I'll be the first to say, that was the most ridiculous thing ever," John said. "I loved it."
"Yeah, seriously," James added. "Damn that was so much fun! Tim, Laura, thanks for showing us that place. We have to go back there, the lake was amazing!"
Everyone nodded in agreement.
"Well, I'm heading in to get changed and get to bed, guys," Alex said. "That was a hell of a good time. Can't wait to see what we get into tomorrow. Goodnight everyone!"
With that Alex went into his tent and zipped it up. James and John said goodnight and went to their tents as well.
"That was by far the craziest thing I've ever done, you guys," Ashley admitted to me and Tim. "But Alex was so nonchalant about the whole thing, I feel like it was just another Friday night for him."
"Yeah, pretty much," Tim laughed, followed by me and Ashley.
"I guess I'm off to bed, too," Ashley said. "Goodnight Laura, Tim. Thanks again!"
Tim and I stood there for a moment, when Tim broke the silence. "I'm pretty tired, too. I, uh, guess I'll go to bed. You're awesome, Laura. I, uh, just wanted to say... God, Laura, you were so hot tonight."
Tim looked right into my eyes when he said that. I was shocked. I wasn't expecting a compliment at all, and didn't know what to say for a moment. In that silent second, Time added, "Well, uh, goodnight Laura!" and turned towards his tent.
A warmness fluttered to my head, and I still couldn't muster up words. "I, uh, you too, Tim!" was all I could say, and Tim walked into his tent, turned, smiled, and zipped it up. His face was beat red, and I imagine mine was as well. I was upset with myself at missing the opportunity to give Tim a real compliment back, but, gosh I was so happy he said that too me!
I didn't think I'd be able to sleep, but everyone else went to their tents, so I decided to try and lie down. I got into my tent was about to zip it up when I noticed that Alex's tent, directly across from mine, wasn't zipped up all the way, and I could see inside!
Alex was lying on his back, his clothes off, masturbating. I couldn't believe it! I quickly zipped up my tent except for a small opening for me to peek through and tore my clothes off. I was still really horny from before, and started to make concentric circles around my pussy. "Oh, god!" I whispered to myself. "This feels so good!"
Alex's cock stood straight up, and I watched as his hand wrapped around his girth, motioning up and down in smooth, mechanical motions, slowly twisting and writhing as he subtly motioned his hips up and down as well. It took restraint not to jump into his tent and fuck Alex's hot, hard cock right there, instead slipping two of my own fingers into my pussy.
"Ohhh, yes," I whispered again. "Oh, FUCK yes."
My fingers slid in and out with ease, my pussy slick and warm. I added a third finger, really adding to the sensation of being fucked by Alex's thick cock. Alex was focusing on just the head of his penis now, and I could tell he was close to finishing. With my other hand I grasped my breast, digging my fingers into it, giving it a hard squeeze, adding to my impeding orgasm.
"Fuck me, Alex," I whispered. "Fuck me with that hard, thick cock! Yes, Alex, Oh Yes, Fuck me!"
My fingers thrust in and out quicker and quicker now. "I'm so close to cumming, Alex! Don't stop now, I'm almost there!" I repeated to myself, chanting. "Don't stop! Fuck me, Alex, Fuck me!" Pleading he'd keep masturbating for me.
Alex's hand motioned faster and faster, motioning up and down his entire shaft. I started to rock my hip forwards and back as if really riding Alex's cock, forcefully finger fucking my pussy now.
"Oh, god, Alex, Fuck me! Fuck me Alex! I'm cumming, oh god Yes! I'm cumming Alex, I'm cumming!!"
Alex's hand gyrated and his cock started to spasm. Cum erupted from the tip, and I imagined him cumming deep inside me, holding my fingers knuckle deep into my pussy, vibrating my hand violently. "Cum in me, Alex, Cum in my pussy!"
A few more waves of cum spewed out of Alex, and I relaxed, falling back onto my sleeping bag. I lied restfully for a few moments, then got back up to peek out my tent.
Alex had already cleaned up and put a pair of pajama pants on. I realized I may have gotten a little loud, but I looked around at the other tents, and there was no sign of anyone. I really hoped no one heard me.
I watched Alex lie down and crawl into his sleeping bag, and zipped my tent fully closed, tucking myself into my own sleeping bag as well.
"What a ridiculous day," I thought to myself. I put on a pair of pajama pants and a baggy white t-shirt. I lied down and closed my eyes, feeling like I could actually fall asleep now, wondering if Tim was in his tent, masturbating to me before he went to bed.