Tessa and Svetty encourage Henry toward adding incest to his RPG game. Roleplay or not it's getting too close to home.
*****
10:22 AM...
"Not a bad neighborhood."
Following his GPS Henry McKellen listened to the annoying female voice he called Bitchy Betty direct him through traffic until finding the apartment complex known as Lucius Bodie Apartments. Or, as the residents lovingly called it Luscious Booty, the ONLY reason Tessa Harper chose to call it home. Nashville just had it coming.
"Luscious Booty." Henry laughed turning in and going over a series of speed bumps, "She's a rough ride I'll give her that. Not liking the rolling hills." Finding Tessa's building number he parked in a section marked for guests and shot her a text saying he was there. She replied back with, "Door's open."
Climbing out he grabs his laptop and drawing pad folder with supplies in it. A quick lock up he walked across the lot toward Building M. Seeing the big letter M on the side made him chuckle, especially with buildings S, T, and R within sight. "Only need building A and E and we have MASTER. I wonder if Svetty is still going to serve me or if it was all just bullshit?" It didn't matter really, fun while it lasted. He still had Kelly Herbert for the ownership rights, even if he was sharing them with the not so gentle giant Dominic Black. He had more than enough to keep him smiling. Even if his wife Josie did continue to whore around. Henry was over it. Let her...he loved her regardless...she him.
"Second floor Apartment 6." He headed upstairs and into a hallway. Finding a door wide open he concluded she wasn't lying in saying her door was open. Peering inside he found a sight he hadn't counted on. "Well now! What have we here?"
"Hello Master." Svetty was on her knees head bowed, naked as the day she was born. What really caught his eye was Tessa Harper, Tessa had joined her roommate on the carpet and added her own, "Welcome to my home Master."
"Why are you on your knees?" He chuckled.
"I want to experience what Svetty does. It helps with understanding our future storylines. By you living these ideas it should assist you too."
"Not a terrible concept." He entered and kicked the front door shut then sat his laptop on the dining table. "I'll just set up while you two eat one another." He sits down opening his laptop up then clears his throat, "I SAID EAT." The two girls turned on their knees and Svetty charged Tessa bowling her over on to her back. Before Tessa could say a word Svetlana had her fingers up inside her roomie. Tongue lapping at her clit Tessa moaned with very little effort. She adored her bi-sexual roommate. Loved her even.
"Henry...MASTER?" Tessa huffed, "Shall we roleplay your daughters for the game?"
"Still on that scenario huh? Fuck it! I've been toying with your idea, I understand it's the type of thing that sells the game better even if I know it's wrong. Just don't call yourselves Dakota and Sable or I'll beat your asses."
"Montana and Bunny?" Tessa sighed.
"I adore eating rabbit." Svetty giggled devouring Tessa into a yelp.
Tessa burst into a shiver, "That's me Wascully Jessica Wabbit."
"You two battle it out I'm gonna take cell pics for reference in the drawing process." He pulls out his cell and starts capturing images, eventually standing over them for greedier shots. It was impossible not to get hard. Even when he heard them mumble, "Daddy." Images of Dakota warped into his head, over her asking him to show her how to be with a boy, to give him being Angus Furlong what he wants without making a fool of herself. The more he watched Tessa and Svetty the more he pictured his daughter. Maybe, just maybe he needed to roleplay this with the blonds. Setting his cell aside he stripped out of his clothing and took a seat on their sofa. Dick immortally high and seeking human touch.
"Come to Daddy." He interrupted them, the girls peeling from one another's sweaty flesh to crawl toward his feet and bow their heads. "You two don't have to keep up the slave act. This is about the incest imagery right?"
"Forgive me Sir." Svetty opens up, "I at least am your slave, I relinquish myself to you Sir Henry."
"Going along for the ride." Tessa decided to give up the slave angle in favor of just being his daughter. Reaching up to palm his knees she brightens up, "Montana loves her Daddy."
"As does Bunny." Svetty mumbles in her seductive Russian accent.
"Does Bunny wanna hop on Daddy's big dick?" Henry studied her.
"Da Dee!" She acknowledged playing with her words of a Soviet verse of yes combined with Daddy.
"Cute!" He fidgets a bit, "I'm not going to be able to picture you two as my girls, one it's messing with my head, and two...although you're both as short and petite as they are the hair color and chest sizes just aren't...them."
"May I suggest something Sir?" Svetty asks, eyes still lowered.
"Worth a shot I guess. What?"
"Excuse me Sir?"
"Go on." He allows Svetty to rise and go to her bedroom. While away Tessa eases closer to Henry's leg and lays her elbow on his knee.
"So...what led you to go along with this idea of mine?"
"Dakota's been acting strange lately." He relayed, "Wants me to help show her how to...be with a man. What a man likes from a girl stuff. I can go along with it only so far then I'm going to have to put my foot down. She's even getting too cozy letting me see her naked. Not right."
"Why isn't it? She came into your world naked she just grew up."
"Come on Tessa you know what I mean. I know you've engaged in sex with your own stepdad but this is real dad stuff."
"I lied."
"What?"
"I've fucked my real dad too. Just...getting it out there. It's not as bad as people think, it's...bonding like never before...finding what makes one another who they are...forming what might have been missing growing up. I love my dad he's the greatest...I just give him what he's missing vice versa."
"I had a hunch you were doing your real dad. You were too into my creating this incest angle for Frisque. You're right on the money though, I even talked to Josie about it all. She doesn't care as long as the girls never see it. We do need money."
"Not to crush her hopes but we both know sooner or later the girls will see Frisque. There's no hiding it online if they go looking."
"True. Exactly why I should make the girls blond like you and Svetty."
"No you should make them identical to who they are on the screen. Your male character Mark already looks like you in every way, even dick size." She flicks the crown of his dick with an index finger. "Even the ex-wife looks like Josie. The new girlfriend is Piper's twin. Why break up the setting? Besides you will get into your game more by living it. Trust me Henry...Daddy."
"Fine! I'll do it your way."
"I am back Sir." Svetty returns with something hiding behind her back as she kneels before him. He winced at her mischievous glint.
"What are you hiding behind that beautiful ass?"
"Montana and Bunny."
"Say Squirrel and Moose I dare you." He chuckled.
"Squirrel and Moose." She sighs and reveals two pelts of hair both brown and long just like those of his daughters.
"Beautiful that sounded just like Natasha from Bullwinkle."
"America easily entertained...Sir."
"Don't take it personal." He watches Svetty offer one wig to Tessa then applies the other over her blond locks. The wigs looked soft and silky not ratty and fake. "These from your spy missions?"
"Do not push it...Sir." Svetty grimaced playfully as if offended. "I...do hair on side. One of many talents."
"It's true. She does makeovers for spare cash." Tessa giggled letting Svetty help her fit the wig to her face. Once the women are beautified they turn to Henry and squeal, "DADDDDDY!" He could almost hear his own girls say it in the very same tone.
"Damn! Good job." He takes a pair of pictures of each girl as they crawl forward to lay hands on his legs fawning over his erection. Fingers lightly teasing the length of his beast he puckers in approval. "Montana? Wanna suck Daddy's cock?" He looks at Svetty.
"I am Bunny...she is Montana." It was comical to just listen to her voice.
"I knew that." It dawned on him of Sable's dentist appointment tomorrow. Sadly he knew once her braces were removed his daughters would be identical in every way. Tomorrow...he might not know it in reality. Surely, they would never abuse that twin twist. Right? His thoughts lured away by Tessa who moved in over him and swallowed his cock with an energetic hunger, tomorrow would be...another day. "Fuck that feels good."
"Thank you Daddy." MonTessa smiled then continued her deep throating. Henry found himself petting Montana's hair and imagining her to be Dakota. Unsettling but sexy at the same time.
"God I hope this doesn't kill my relationship with my kids." He took more pictures of her blowjob. Svetty awaiting to be called in merely rubbed Henry's leg. "Come cuddle with Daddy and let's watch your sister make me cum." Without a word Svetty climbed up on to the sofa and sat skin on skin with Henry, her tits crushed into his ribcage as her hand teased his chest hair. "Balls deep Montana." Tessa hid her face with her hair and smothered herself over his girth, chin crushing down on his scrotum time and time again. Tessa definitely had a killer gag reflex. Sloppy none the less.
"Wanna join your sister?" Henry tilted his gaze toward Svetlana and huffed. She merely nodded and whispered, "Yes Daddy." In response to her beguiling tone of voice Henry lifted Svetty's chin and kissed her warmly. The kiss grew into something more inviting as both grew lost in it. Tongues battled it out passionately while Tessa gave it her all down below. Before Svetty could even escape to assist Tessa, Henry tensed up and unloaded into Tessa's gaping mouth. Feeling the full force of his missile crisis she herself tightened up and accepted all of his warm wet jizz, sucking him dry all while her roommate made out with her co-worker. Pulling her lips away from Henry's crown she kissed it sensually then decided to move up to Henry's other side and meld into him as Svetty was doing. Hands roaming his abs Henry sensed her neediness and parted ways with Svetty. "Your turn. Get down there."
"As you wish my Master." Fucking Russian accent, Henry was harder than ever. With Svetty easing between his thighs, Henry turned to Tessa and kissed her, sharing in the flavor of his cum lingering on her breath, it actually made him kiss her that much harder. Tessa also found herself lost in his emotional embrace. Always needy herself Tessa Harper loved kissing and pleasing her lovers. Within six minutes of Svetty taking control of his cock she coaxed Henry into a secondary firepower, his nutting just as powerful as the first launched attack. Svetty squeezed his balls free of every single drop then also kissed his urethra with tenderness.
After a lengthy barrage of moans into Tessa's mouth Henry reeled at being spent twice in eleven minutes. Creeping back up alongside Henry both girls winked at one another as he hung his head back to control his breathing. On a mental count of three both girls matched one another with, "Fuck us Daddy." His eyes popped open at the sound, so very much like Dakota and Sable. Did these crazy bitches practice their voices to taunt him even harder? It sure sounded like it.
Drawing on pent up adrenalin Henry forced himself from the couch and teetered to maintain balance as he turned to face the girls. Snapping his fingers he called them to his side pointing at the floor. "Crawl to a bed." He didn't care who's bed it was. Svetty in the lead with Tessa nipping at her heels the girls led him into what he presumed was Svetlana's room. Mainly because of the posters of Russian Rockstar's and wig busts on her dresser. Svetty and Tessa sat on their legs motioning Henry to accept his new throne. Eying the queen mattress he threw himself on to the bed and sprawled out. "Get your twin asses up here. Bunny rides my cock, Montana rides my tongue." Grinning at one another the roomies took their positions with a hint of mischief shared between them.
Svetty straddling Henry's cock pierced her veil and sat up straight to let him view her dancing breasts. The Bolshoi Ballet was in town, what he didn't know was that Svetty had indeed had ballet lessons as a youth. Henry made video of her recital envisioning Sable until Svetty smiled, no braces brought his brain back to reality. Tessa crawling over his face using the headboard as balance until she sat on his lips. Tongue rising up inside her he ate to his hearts content. Distracted by his mission Tessa leered over her shoulder at Svetty and nodded. Feigning collapse over Henry, Tessa reached from one headboard post to the opposite post and drew forth restraints. Before he could react Tessa coaxed his wrists into a snug bondage, her knees holding his upper body pinned to the mattress. Not that her 110 pound body could have kept his 230 from tossing her like nothing should he choose to.
Tensing up under the girls weight he found Svetty slipping off of him and snatching up his ankles forcibly tethering him into a spread eagle positioning. Once drawn tight even Tessa lifted away from his face and moved to the foot of the bed to stand over Henry, her elbow resting on Svetlana's shoulder.
"Daddy's our bitch now." Tessa winked at her friend.
"Yes. I must dress now." Svetty eased away and left the room as Henry looked up.
"What the fuck are you two doing?"
"Letting your daughters show you a good time." Tessa circled the bed using a feather duster to tease his exposed flesh. Shivering at his ticklish side he growled.
"Who's the Master here?"
"At the moment? We are. Well...Svetty is...Mistress Svetlana that is."
"Mistress?" Henry chuckled. As he huffed staring at the ceiling Svetty returned from Tessa's bedroom decked out in a leather outfit, lash whip in hand. His attention drawn to her arrival he dropped his jaw. "Now that is hot!"
"Did I give permission to speak worthless piece of dung?" Svetty barked cracking her lash over his upper thigh. Gritting his teeth he sneered at her. "I thought not. Petty American presume he owns Svetlana." She grabbed Tessa yanking her to her side and kissed her letting Henry watch them fiercely make out. Pulling away from Tessa with a bite to her lower lip which made her friend mumble, "Ow!" Mistress Svetty lashed Henry across his chest. "Do not watch what you may never have again. YOU?" She snatches up Henry's cell from the mattress, "You will record his humility. We show his daughters how weak their...Daddy is."
"Say what? You are NOT showing my kids their Father naked with other women." He defied Svetty bitterly. Moving to her dresser Svetlana opened a top drawer and plucked out a ball gag and forcibly gagged Henry against his will. A blinder applied left him without two senses other than incoherent mumbles. From there as Tessa records their every move Svetty uses nipple clamps on his pecs and his ball sack. He growled like a savage under restraint. Another lash to his abs made him curse.
"Hello Dakota...Sable...I am Mistress Svetty." Svetlana resists laughter in her persona, "This is your weasel of a Father. He refuses to admit that he wants to make mad passionate love to the both of you. This will change...he has told us how bad he wants the both of you...yet is too shallow to confess his desires. I will make him talk. You will both listen."
"Knock it off Svetty." Henry growled through his gag, a hard lash across his abdomen was her reply.
"You will only speak when told. Obey your Mistress." She growls back at him then turns pleasant toward Tessa's filming, "Where was I? Ah! You two must encourage Father to show his courage in taking you. If you wish me to whip him into shape for you I will. Shall I flog him some more? Perhaps to make up for all of your spankings growing up? Vengeance is my specialty."
"ENOUGH! You've made your point. Delete that shit." Henry rolled his eyes behind the blinder, spitting tiny droplets of saliva build up through his clogged lips, "You're getting even with me for trying to own you at Cashanova's. I get it!"
"You misunderstand me Dearest Henry." Svetty pinches his pectoral making him wince, "I and associate merely goad you into what you truly desire. Must admit!"
"FINE! MONTANA? Get that sexy cunt on this cock. NOW!" Even wearing that ball gag his voice was pretty well heard without too much slur.
"You forget, I am Bunny. Shall I wiggle nose?" Tessa busted up at Svetty's humor, it was her ass that actually wiggled in jest.
"I meant Montana. Drop that cell and get on."
"Oooo! Do I have permission Mistress?" She giggled awaiting Svetty. Svetlana withheld her answer taking a crop to tease the length of Henry's cock from balls to crown, the tickle over his foreskin making him tense. Teasing the crop over his urethra she inspects his cock.
"It is not sturdy enough. It rise higher. Up Henry! UP! Montana needs you at full potency. I will not allow her to ride this pathetic display. UP!" A swat of her crop to his hip made him snarl. "UP!"
"I heard you the first three times dammit!" Henry focused, this was pretty stimulating how she was going about pressuring him into submission. Ideas were flooding his brain of visuals for his game Frisque. Of his character Emma aka Piper controlling his helplessness like Svetty was doing, with the possibilities of his daughters...Mark's daughters that is, waiting on her approval to ride his cock. The more he envisioned the tighter his cock got until it realized a stunning purple hue.
"There it is. I had faith in you. You may ride him Moantana." Svetty winked.
Dropping the cell on the mattress Tessa climbed on Henry and guided him inside her. Unknown to Henry as he admired her energetic rise and fall, tits bouncing with zest, Tessa blocked his view of Svetty. Svetty in turn taking the cell and recording their engaging ride.
"I LOVE YOUR COCK DADDY." Tessa called out, whipping her brown wig about as if portraying Dakota. The longer Tessa roleplayed the harder Henry got, four minutes into it he nutted so hard inside Tessa the girl screamed, "YES DADDY! CUM INSIDE ME...HARDER DADDY, HARDER!" Eyes obstructed during her ride Henry did picture Dakota, feeling her warm pussy sliding up and down on his lengthy bad boy. The thrusting led to a second detonation, one he imagined to be inside Dakota herself. Exhaustion setting in Tessa slowed her gyrations and leaned forward to kiss Henry on the lips. Eyes still tightly shut he imagined the kiss to be shared with Dakota.
Feeling Svetty stretch out next to Henry and lean in to kiss his cheek alongside Tessa's profile, it became a threesome vision of Sable joining them. Kisses parting Henry falls prey to Svetty's lips and tongue. The mirage of it all was becoming far too real. Going back and forth between girls the kisses become fire. So hot! The Mistress had vacated the premises. Long live Montana and Bunny. Dakota and Sable. Henry was going to struggle with this identity crisis for a very long time.
Untying him Tessa found his hand greedily palming her scalp as he removed the blindfold. Gripping Svetty's as well he spent equal amounts of time making out with them. Svetty was first to murmur, "Who are we Daddy?"
"You're Sable. She's Dakota."
"Take us Daddy." Tessa whispered in his other ear with a convincing portrayal.
"Untie my ankles." He ordered Svetty, she in turn crawling away to do as he instructed. "Daddy knows best." Once free he rolled over throwing Tessa on to her back and took her missionary. Her legs wrapped around his waist led to a deeper insertion each time he drew back and put his near a foot down, seven if being honest. During this he kissed her neck and mumbled, "God I've wanted you little bitches. Now that you're all grown up...you're MINE."
"Yes Daddy. I am sooo yours."
"SABLE?" He barked at Svetty.
"Yes Da Da?"
"Lick my ass."
"As you wish Father." She managed to get in a few lashes of her tongue in between his pounding thrusts. He was content in her attempts. Nutting once again inside Tessa he reared back and pulled out, whipping around in a blur to grab Svetty and throw her body to the mattress. Face down Henry moved in behind her and took her up the ass.
"This is for showing Travis Herbert your ass. This is DADDY'S ass, not his." He snapped.
"I am sorry Daddy. My ass is yours." She confessed loyalty, "I will never look at Travis again."
"BULLSHIT!! Both you little cunts are just like your Mom. You can't help yourselves. Exactly why I'm going to work on these holes until you know who's boss."
"Yes Daddy! Fuck us all the time. We're way better than Mommy is." Tessa added kissing his shoulder blade as he wrestled down Svetty. Gripping Svetlana by the back of the neck he buried her face forcefully into the mattress, while reaching his other hand around and pulling Tessa closer to kiss her, his other hand choking her. Balance unsteady it was fun while he could maintain it, eventually he had to bring them all forward atop one another. With Tessa now on her back beside Svetty, Henry held her throat tight. Pulling out of Svetty's ass he rolled the Russian beauty over then straddled both of them. His other hand now imitating the other choked Svetty until both girls were blue in the face.
"MINE! BOTH OF YOU! NEVER DENY ME!"
"We won't Daddy." The girls found it in themselves to mimic the other as if actual twins.
"Good! Now let's get some real work done." He releases them and lets the women catch their breath. "Delete that video. I can deal with my own girls without your fucking influence. Oh, and Mistress Svetlana? You ever use a crop or flogger on me again I'll shove it up your ass so far you'll choke on the tassels."
Svetty laughed with a respectful nod, "Understood Sir."
"You're still MINE! Both of you, not just Svetty now."
"What?" Tessa looked surprised, "But, I'm not..."
"You are now! OWNED!"
"Uhhh, okay! I'll give it a whirl."
"Get your designs and draw them up. I'm gonna break down the episode I've started about my daughters, add in some CGI effects to make their movements more fluid. You just witnessed how we're ramping up this episode. Svetty? Make us lunch."
"Turkey club?"
"Clubs tomorrow. I'll be there to watch your first day. AS MASTER!"
"Yes...Master."
"Order a pizza I'm buying."
"Stuffed?" Tessa giggled. In response Henry put three fingers up her pussy making her laugh. Three more up Svetty he made the girls squeal and squirm together.
"I'm the only Topping you bitches need." At the moment both girls agreed. The call would wait until his delivery was over. Domino's Pizza did have DOM in the name. Shit! Now he was thinking of Dominic Black. Only for a second though.
If only his wife thought that way. In needing Henry that is.
At least she wasn't just after him for his dough.
Just his sauce.