"So how does it work?" she asked.
"Are you asking how does it work, or how do you use it?"
"Either. Both."
"So this little box," I said, pointing at it, "is a computer. It has a battery in it, and it connects via WiFi to the hotspot on your phone, and that means that the buttons on the controller," I pointed to the little button box, "can be pushed from your web site."
"So people on my web site can control the vibrator?"
"Yes, and you can choose who you give the control to."
"I love it! I'm going to use it tonight."
She'd planned another web cam session, and I'd been tinkering to get this to work in time to use it, if she wanted to.
"I was aiming to do the session in the university library," she said. "Do you want to come with me?"
"Sure," I said, and picked up a hoodie and my keys.
She pulled her short skirt up, and her bikini panties down, then sucked the peanut shaped vibrator into her mouth for a few seconds, and inserted it. She pulled her panties back up and straightened her skirt out. She was wearing a camisole type top, and one of my hoodies that she'd "borrowed" at some point in the past. I'd given up on getting it back, even though it was too big for her.
She threw her bag over her shoulder, and took my hand as we left.
We got in her car and headed to the university. It was pretty late, almost 9pm, and I was surprised that the library was still open. After parking in the almost empty lot, she put her bob wig on and we went up to the library proper and headed in. It was, as libraries always are, oppressively quiet in there, and there were a couple of people sitting around working at laptops or reading books.
Nobody even looked at us as we entered, and she went and found a table near a wall, sitting down with her back to the rest of the room.
We had time, so she spent a little time getting everything all set up - she pulled the hood up over her wig, and fiddled around putting her mask on to cover the top half of her face.
She got her laptop out of her bag and set up, and connected it to the hotspot on her phone. I watched as she twiddled with the screen so the camera was pointed where it could see her from the top of the desk to just past her chin. She turned on my little box, and we watched it until the green light came on. I was standing next to her, and pointed at the buttons I'd put on her web site. She turned the vibrator on low, and I heard her moan quietly, and then she turned it off.
"OK," she said, grinning, "get out of the frame unless you want to be part of the action."
I went and sat down opposite her.
"Mute," I said.
"Yup, already did."
At the appointed time, she leaned forward and started clicking and typing. She'd sit back and wait, reading what her followers were typing to her, then she'd lean forward, probably so they could see her cleavage, and she'd type back to them.
I watched as she obviously flirted with them, and she smiled broadly and moved aside. She rotated the laptop a little, to show the people seated behind her on the other side of the library, then she rotated it back to look at her. She looked over her shoulder, then slid her top down and pulled one of her tits out. She massaged it for a second, then tweaked the nipple and put it back under the cloth. Her nipple stood out against the cloth now, and she looked over her shoulder again before pulling her other tit out, tweaking the nipple and putting it away again.
She went back to typing and flirting with them again, and then I saw her shiver slightly. I figured she'd given somebody control of the vibrator, and they'd turned it on.
She leaned forward for the camera and pulled the front of her top down, so you could see a lot more cleavage, and then popped her tits out one at a time. They hung there, looking slightly ridiculous with the top of her camisole below them, and she just sat there, breathing slightly harder.
In the silence, I could just about hear the vibrator. I assumed it was on its highest setting at the moment, but anybody hearing it would probably assume it was her laptop. Unless they looked at her... her face and chest were starting to get a little flushed, and her eyes seemed unfocussed. All of a sudden the slight noise stopped, and a second later she looked back at the screen again, putting her tits back under her top.
She leaned forward again, looking at the screen. She typed away for a little bit. Reading, she bit her lip, then looked around behind her. Nobody was paying her any attention. She pulled her left arm up inside my hoodie, through the strap of her camisole, then put it back in the sleeve. She pulled her tit out, and held it with one hand while stroking the nipple with the other. Still stroking her nipple, she looked back, then pulled her right arm in, unhooking the strap on that side before putting her arm back. She freed her right tit too, and massaged them together. She rolled the camisole down to her waist, and sat there, pulling on her nipples as she leaned forward and read the screen again.
She wiggled around, and I realized she was taking the camisole off over her hips. I'm guessing it was easier than negotiating the hoodie, mask and wig. After a short while, she lifted herself up and wiggled it down her legs, then bent forward and picked it up. She showed it to the screen, then pulled her bag closer and put it away. She reached up like she was stretching, but it was obvious from this side that she was showing off her tits to me and the laptop's camera.
More typing, and she gazed off into the distance again, as I'm guessing the vibrator had started up again. It wasn't on a high setting, as I couldn't hear anything, but it was high enough to get most of her attention.
After a minute or so, she looked back at me again. She went back to reading the screen, then looked back behind her again. This time she stood up, and leaned over towards me, her tits hanging right in front of the screen. She straightened up, lifted the front of her skirt for a few seconds and showed her panties, then sat down again. I could just make out the thick pink antenna wire from the vibrator.
She read the screen again, and looked surprised. I saw her look down at the chair, then behind her. She moved her hands below the table top and reached behind her, arranging the hoodie. She brought her hands into her lap, and fiddled with the zip on the front of the hoodie. She then fiddled with the zip on her skirt, taking it down. As calmly as possible, she slipped her skirt off her hips, and slid it down her legs. Again, she reached down and collected it, showing it to the screen before putting it in her bag.
She stood up quickly, wearing just panties and the hoodie, zipped up a few inches at the bottom. She sat down again just as quickly. Reading the screen, she rolled her eyes, checked to see that there was still nobody looking at her, then stood up again. She unzipped her hoodie, then held the sides apart for a few seconds, looking over her shoulder again. You could see a slight damp spot forming in the panties. She sat down again, and looked at the screen.
She tapped away at the keyboard, then leaned back for a second. She moved the sides of the hoodie apart, and crossed her arms across her chest. Her fingers found her nipples, and she rolled them between fingers and thumb. I could hear the vibrator buzzing lightly. Her eyes closed, and her head dropped forward a bit. I could hear her breathing getting deeper. After a few minutes, her breathing got faster and shallower, and I saw her shudder a little.
Her eyes fluttered open, and she looked at me, then down at the screen. She grinned, sheepishly, then looked around. She typed away on the keyboard for a few seconds, then stood up again. She held the sides of the hoodie apart, showing the now larger damp spot on her panties, then closed the hoodie and zipped it up. She leaned forward, then say down again. There was some furious typing, and she sat back and read for a while. After some more typing, she waved goodbye to the screen and closed the lid on her laptop. She grinned at me, and started putting her stuff away in her bag.
"Was that hot?" she asked me.
"So fucking hot," I said.
She put her bag over her shoulder, and grabbed my hand. She pulled me to my feet, and I followed her across the library and into an aisle. When we got to the dead end, she stopped with her back to the wall and put her bag down. She unzipped the hoodie, pulled the sides apart and knelt down in front of me.
Her hands went to my waistband, and she unbuttoned my jeans and pulled the sides apart so she could pull my underwear down and get my dick out. She licked her lips, then leaned in and licked along the shaft before engulfing the head in her mouth. She held her tongue against the bottom as she slid her head down the shaft until her lips reached her hand, then she slowly pulled her head back so just the head was in her mouth. Her tongue swirled across the head, and then she went back down.
There was a woman's voice from behind me.
"What the FUCK do you think you're doing?"