As we lie here together, you still asleep, I'm reminiscing on how we first met and how our love has grown over the years. The early morning sun is streaming in through the blinds. As is your habit, one of your hands is loosely around my cock and one finger of the other rests lazily between your own legs. You've kicked the covers off during the night, so our nakedness is complete. Warm air from our bedroom window wafts over us. One of my arms is around your shoulder, and with my free hand I caress your smooth skin as I let my eyes wander over your body, as beautiful to me now as that day we first met.
Ah! How well I remember that day of our first meeting! A warm bright afternoon, on a secluded stretch of beach not far off the Southwest Coast Path, about a dozen revelers at a private party, me a newcomer just walking the beach and stumbling upon your group. You and a bloke were the only ones naked, the two of you shagging, mostly ignored by the others. You finished with the one bloke and took on another, then another. Between partners you noticed me and motioned me over. How could I not notice you--not just your joyous and very public shagging but your beauty and smile as well!! And most notably, you were naked! I like to see women naked, especially beautiful ones like you! Finished with your third partner, you stood up, wriggled into a sundress, apologised for the cum trickling down your leg, then introduced first yourself and then the men you'd just been with, and three additional ones you'd done before I arrived. You and they all seemed cheery. We chatted, and you invited me to stay and join the group. Then you introduced me to another fellow and removed your dress. After fucking him, you remained naked for the rest of the evening and talked mostly with me. I enjoyed the warm glow the bonfire cast onto your naked form while we chatted. You laughingly explained to me that the only time all day you weren't naked was when you pulled your dress on to introduce yourself to me--you felt it more proper for a first introduction! Before the party broke up, you said you'd be there the next weekend and suggested I come by.
A week later you were already there, the only one naked, reclining on a blanket, a bloke kneeling before you with his face in your crotch. After what looked like a couple of orgasms you signalled me over to sit down next to you. Your gorgeous bare tits heaved up and down as you leant back on your elbows enjoying the ministrations between your legs, and I enjoyed the view of your tight, rigid nipples and the exquisite shape of your breasts. We chatted whilst your partner gave you several more orgasms. Once he finished and withdrew his tongue, you smiled, and, as if anybody needed to be told, you happily said you were an exhibitionist and that the sex was just incidental. With your friend's head out of the way I got my first close view of your pretty labia. Or, as you like to tell friends even now, you smiled at me with both sets of lips!
You asked me to strip off, and on seeing my cock you asked if I'd be willing to put it inside you after the two fellows who were then waiting their turns. Of course I quickly agreed! That was back in the days before anyone worried about diseases, and besides that, you explained to me that you were well acquainted with each of your partners and knew them to be clean. But that you were willing to take a chance with me since you really liked the looks of my cock. Whilst fucking those next two guys, you told me of a previous marriage, two kids, and a needed medical procedure that later was found to have granted you freedom from getting pregnant.
Finally it came my turn! As we've privately joked so many times since then, you welcomed me with open legs! By then you were very topped off with cum, affording me a smooth and silky entry into your not-so-secret charms. This was my first time shagging before an audience, disinterested as they were, but not yours. But this was a milestone for you too, because, as you announced excitedly to all present, this was the first time you achieved your personal goal of a coital orgasm in front of a group, as your previous public orgasms had only been oral. Helping you achieve that goal, plus your appreciation for the size and shape of my cock inside you, became the starting point of our exclusivity. Well, almost. There were two more friends you wanted to fuck that afternoon. But after that, we continued meeting with the group, and by the end of summer I was one of three you were still fucking, then just two, and finally it was me alone.
You assured me that you weren't a sex worker, that you just liked sex and, being free from the fear of pregnancy, chose partners as often as you pleased. And that you were really into exhibitionism, especially if you were the only one naked. I liked seeing you naked, but mostly I liked the fact that you were naked. I liked everything I was learning about you. As we grew closer together, our fucking tended more toward love-making.
Now, this morning, surveying the graceful curves of your lovely body, I think back to the times you've so willingly shared views of that body with others, both friends and strangers. I think of the time in that out-of-town pub when you stripped off and climbed onto a tabletop to perform an impromptu dance. The punters left enough money on the table to pay for our whole weekend getaway. Then a couple of years later when we were out with friends and you bragged about it, they called your bluff and you had to give a repeat performance, this time with my boss and his wife present. The following week I noticed my pay envelope to be a bit thicker!
You lying here asleep with your legs apart reminds me of your portrait proudly displayed in our entryway, your wedding gift to me. Visitors are treated to a stunning yet intimate view of you, much like what would be on offer right now if they were standing at the foot of our bed. Except that in the painting you're awake and smiling whereas now you're asleep and in my arms. But the spread legs would be the same.
You posed for hours for that painting, and since it was to be a surprise, you didn't allow me at any of the sittings. It was just you and the artist, you lying there then as you are now, naked, your legs apart, open to him. The painting captures your coy smile, one eye winking, erect nipples, and the shiny wetness of your pink folds and unhooded clit seem to announce that you are ready for sex. Unashamed raw sex! One hand is behind your head, causing the breast on that side to lift, and with the other hand you make a "come hither" gesture. After painting you onto the canvas, the artist added a background to suggest a beach setting. It shows you on a blanket, with four men in swimmers and seen only from the waist down, all turned toward you as if to accept your invitation. A perfect depiction of the day I met you, except the artist couldn't crowd more than four blokes into the scene!
The view of your uninhibited nakedness welcomes any visitor into our home, and when you point it out to newcomers (how can they miss it; it's right there near the door!), you never have explained to them (or to me) how you maintained your sexual arousal for all those hours posing. It remains one of the few mysteries you've withheld. So far your only answer has been that this was before we were married, so anything you and the artist needed to do to maintain your arousal was none of my business. But, I think I may know the answer: a very close inspection of the painting shows a slight bit of white cum just inside your open labia, and a trace of saliva on your left nipple.
You love it when some former lover drops by. One was here just yesterday, and on seeing it again, he pointed to the cunt and tried to estimate how many times his cock must have been in there, and you countered with how many more cocks have been in that same hole since his. The two of you laughed--I'm glad you're on good terms with fellows you've been with. You reminded this one what a prude he was because he didn't like sharing and he couldn't handle your running around naked. You traced out parts of your body on the canvas just to tease him. But, standing there you were naked anyway, so he was free to just look at the real thing! More laughs! Sometimes I think you don't even realise that you're naked!
But enough about your ex fuckbuddies. Most are reasonable blokes, coming by only when invited, but you've far outgrown them all.
Then, of course, there's the second painting, by the same artist but done many years later, and displayed over our fireplace. Same pose, same expression, you're shown on a plush divan rather than a beach blanket, and no horny blokes standing about! In the original you wear no makeup, and your hair is disheveled, suggesting recent shaggings. In the newer painting, there's still no makeup or jewelry, just bare skin but now, of course, your wedding ring. The intervening years have only added to your beauty. Your tits lie a bit flatter but are still high on your chest and the nipples are prominent as ever. A slight but pleasant tummy bulge. Your mound is clear of hair, as before, but your cunt looks a bit more relaxed, the edges of your inner lips suggesting rose petals and resting outward to show more pink than in the earlier painting.
For the second painting you did invite me to come to the studio and observe. I watched as you lay there, chatting away with the artist as he once again worked to capture your seductive charms on his canvas. And in this painting, the saliva seen on your nipple is mine. Likewise the spot of cum.
Once the second painting was completed, the artist asked to include it in an exhibition for the opening of his new gallery. Not only did you lend it, you attended as the celebrated model, to take up the same pose as in the painting. For the first hour you wore only a tiny apron to serve snacks, the apron almost covering you in front but leaving your delicious bum bare. For the remaining two hours you sipped from flutes of champagne whilst reclining nude on a divan, chatting with the elegantly attired guests as they compared the painting with the real thing, remaining naked even as you made your way through the crowd to the loo during the break. You were in your glory as our city's rich and powerful got to enjoy your nudity that evening. I love the glowing smile your face takes on when you're naked among clothed people.
Well, back to the present. Except for your eyes being closed, and the placement of your arms, you're in almost the same pose now. I like it when you're naked. And you like it best when you're the only one naked, that's when your sweet juices run most freely down between your legs and your nipples get the pointiest. You're on such a high that your breathing is deeper and your eyes sparkle at their brightest. And this is when you most want to be seen having sex, with me if I'm there, or that you tell me about later.
I think of many delightful instances where you've put your lovely body on display. The community theatre role with you flitting about the stage as the only nude actor, playing the ethereal conscience of each of the other actors, ostensibly invisible to them but very visible to all in the audience. For the curtain call and even the cast party afterwad you remained in costume, which for your role was nude.
Another production, where you played a high-class call girl. The stage sex you performed after stripping off for each of the six male actors was billed as simulated. But you and I, and of course, each of the men, knew otherwise, from the cream in your cunt after we got home and I became your seventh each night. It's a good thing you like sex! And it's a good thing I like creamy cunts! And I like seeing you naked on stage.
Hiking the country's walking paths, especially the ones on private land and threatened with loss of public right-of-way if not used often. You're usually chatting casually with hikers we meet on the trail, as though nudity were the norm. Your rationale for us hiking naked is to deny ticks the dark, moist places they seek under clothing. Must be true, because often when we hike in a group we're the only ones not itching and scratching!
And once whilst hiking we encountered a group that included an old boyfriend of yours, and you were so turned on being singularly naked that you got him to eat you out right there in front of his friends. And me.
I think of the time you were posing for the art class I was attending. I'm glad I was there that time, to see you so turned on whilst naked in front of all those students that you had an uncontrolled orgasm seen by all.
The year British Rail tried to stop you from boarding the train nude on our way to Brighton for the World Naked Bike Ride. We already had our tickets, so they had to let us on the way you were, even though we had to ride in the baggage area with the bikes. A beautiful woman can get away with such capers. But a naked man out of context is taken as a threat, so, unlike you, I had to wear something. Then when we got there and onto our bikes, you kept having orgasms from the bike saddle! And before long the saddle was so slick you couldn't stay on it.
How well I remember our visit to that strip joint. It turned out to be amateur contest night, and although you weren't prepared, you yielded to the goading of our friends and entered at the last minute. Since you hadn't planned on a strip-tease, you were wearing only a short sleeveless dress with, as usual, nothing underneath. You kept the dress on, alternately exposing a tit through an armhole, lifting the hem, bending over to show your bottom and the glorious underside view of your cunt, then back to the tits. A nipslip here, an upskirt there, meanwhile driving the punters (and our friends) crazy. Only after you were declared the winner did you strip off completely, staying that way until it came time to leave!
The exciting Hallowe'en party costumes you come up with each year. Some of my favourites: Eve with only the apple but no fig leaves. Scuba enthusiast wearing only snorkel, mask, and weight belt. A bride in just veil and garter. The best so far was the artist's model, nude but carrying a large empty picture frame. That year you had to let your pubic hair grow so as to appear more 'bohemian'. And the year you confused everyone at the party by showing up simply as a nudist, no kit, no props, just sunglasses, sandals, and a smile.
The holiday we took to The States for the Key West Fantasy Fest, where your kit each day was just a few pen strokes on your bare skin to outline an imagined swimming costume.
The time we and a dozen or so friends chartered a boat and since it was your birthday you decided to strip off and spend the rest of the cruise in your birthday suit. Again, you orgasmed several times just from the thrill of being the only one naked.
Then of course the annual naked run at the college where you teach. You're one of few faculty members joining the students, and in your nakedness you are as attractive as any of the students half your age, certainly to me! The highlight there was your orgasm at being seen by all the rest of the teachers, you nude and them all clothed.
I know how you hate bathing costumes, but I do like the one you wear when one is absolutely required. Little triangles: a tiny one for each nipple, a narrow strip for your pussy, another for your bum, all held in place like a string bikini. I like that you adjust the width of each piece by pinching it along its string, so you can choose any degree of coverage from prude to nearly nude.
But the most daring act you've pulled off so far was to secretly be the stripper at my bachelor party the night before our wedding! Wearing a wig and affecting an accent, you revealed every intimate part of your lovely body as you performed in front of men who were your workmates, my workmates, our friends, both your brothers, and my cousins, and nobody was the wiser. I myself didn't know it was you until I recognised that extra little pip on the left edge of your clit hood as you gyrated on the table pleasuring yourself. There were at least nine other fellows there who might have recognised it too, but nobody said anything. But just think: All these folks, some very near and dear to us, some that we see every day, were treated to the sight of your beautiful body. In fact, it's great fun for both of us when we hear them telling of the gorgeous, sexy, uninhibited but unnamed stripper they saw at my party, and the brazen things she did there. Only your brothers kept saying that the stripper looked vaguely familiar, but they insisted that their sweet sister would never do anything as shameless this, and certainly not in front of her brothers. I'll never tell!
I like it that you're naked much of the time. You have a beautiful body that seems to get even more beautiful with each passing year. You seem to be getting even more daring and more confident.
What part of your body do I favor? The shape of your breasts, perfect for caressing and fondling? Your nipples, pointed and ready to be licked and sucked? Your smooth and shapely bum cheeks, shaped just right for cupping in my hands? Your delicate cunt lips, sometimes closed, sometimes open, but always inviting? Your hair, often elegantly arranged but more interesting when in disarray from sex? The feminine curves of your body, a delight for any serious artist? Your pretty face and sparkling eyes? Your smile, especially when you're having sex? I think all of it, all of you, the whole package. When I gaze appreciatively upon your naked form, like right now, I see not just your physical beauty but also the very embodiment of all we have shared and what is yet to come.
I'm always proud to be seen with you when you're naked, and I don't want to miss wherever your exhibitionism will take us next!
So now, here we are lying together, enjoying the warmth and familiar contours of each other's flesh, about to start yet another day. The sun has risen a bit higher and the light coming through the blinds is making interesting lines across your nakedness. You're beginning to stir, your breathing is becoming less regular, and a mischievous smile is slowly spreading across your face. I see your nipples starting to stiffen, but I can't tell whether it's from your tightening grip on my cock or from the slight motion of your finger finding its way along the channel of your cunt. Either way, it's time to put my reminiscing aside and get ready to pay some attention to our mutual needs. I love you.