Quintus is a nobleman in the Roman Village. He has huge property and his own gladiator arena. With a large group of gladiators under his ownership, and a mighty victorious group they were, Quintus was very wealthy and successful. He also has a countless amount of slaves to tend to every facet of life. They take care of the grounds, the livestock, the cleaning, and tend to his wife Livia, amongst other things. Due to the large amount of slaves and gladiators, Quintus is in charge of the town vigiles that guard the town, led by Commander Lucius. Because of his wealth and influence, Quintus has long served on the town council.
Quintus runs a peaceful life for his town. He has brokered deals with neighboring towns that fostered good relations. He his a different town each week. Some of those deals include gladiator games, trading crops, supplying troops if a neighboring town is under attack, vacation homes for the neighboring nobles, and a weekly loaned personal concubine for the noblemen of the neighboring town. The concubine is a slave girl selected to travel back to the visiting town with the representative, spend the week, then be returned a week later via a small escort.
Quintus has to travel a lot for to his business dealings. When he is away, he leaves Lucius in charge of the town. Lucius is trusted by Quintus and even has a room inside the Villa for when he is in charge Lucius tends to all business dealings and daily life. He makes sure everyone is well taken care of and that the town runs as usual. He also benefits from the concubine as acting leader.
Recently, Quintus received word that he would be away for a month. He was called to the Capital, which is an exciting opportunity that he can't pass up. He briefs Lucius and leaves signed orders that instruct Lucius is in charge. He hands off the signed orders and wishes him well. He spends that night with his wife and enjoys her company. In the morning, he has one last romp with his concubine, then kisses his wife goodbye and departs for the Capital.
Livia was always slighted by the fact that Quintus had a concubine and got to have sexual adventures, while she was not allowed to take another man. She knew this was the way of life and was very happy with her life, but wished she could explore more. Quintus is good to her and treats her well, but he travels often, is constantly distracted by town issues and business deals, and is able to have relations with other women. She always had a sexual fire yearning inside her, but spends her days suppressing it.
At the week's end, Lucius welcomes one of the neighboring town council representatives and negotiates the trading of crops and payments. They have an extravagant feast and celebration all day. The gladiator games were all cancelled while Quintus was away, but the festivities continue lavishly. Finally, at the end of the night, they exchange the newly selected concubines for this week and the representatives leave.
Livia retires to her room and feels for the poor girl who was sent away. Laying alone, her mind wanders. Her thoughts betray her and she wishes it was her that was sent away, picturing being lusted after and at the service of the noblemen. Day after day, night after night she would be called upon to give and receive pleasure. Her hands wander and she touches herself, bringing herself to orgasm shortly after drifting asleep. She is awaken the next morning by her personal maiden Mira, still in a half naked state of disarray. Mira, helps her out of bed and into a new outfit, all while avoiding eye contact.
Walking the halls, Livia passes Lucius' quarters. She hears groans and moans, and feels jealous of the girl here for the week. Livia can't hold it in anymore. She is horny and her desires are burning. She has to experience a sexual life. All day she thought of how she could do it without getting caught. She knew that at risk is her livelihood, her marriage, and possibly her life. As she goes about her day with a different point of view, she notices one thing different. Noblemen paid little attention to the slaves, barely noticing their being unless they needed something from them.
Livia sends Mira on a secret trip to the market to secure an outfit that a slave girl would wear. Telling her it is an idea to help the betterment of the people, she has the maiden help her dress in it. She sneaks out undetected and, once alone, rubs a little dirt on her face to blend in. She walks around town and watches as the people that serve her walk right past her, some even elbowing her aside if she got too close. This was her ticket. She knew that if she wore this disguise, nobody would notice who she really was. But then she thought about what happens if she takes it off. Without the rags to distract, she'll surely be noticed. A couple of trips through the market gave her an idea. She sees a potter who has a pile of raw clay, not yet turned to pottery. She could use this to change the appearance of her face. Though an odd request, she was able to buy raw clay that wasn't too far off from her own skin color.
She practiced the next day molding a new nose and cheeks. With those additions and a wig, she looked like a whole new person. It is time to feel alive for the first time. She carefully drafted a plan to secretly expose herself. She separately recruited two slave girls and told them she will pay them handsomely if they performed a show for the vigiles. She would be also dress them in specific dresses, which are designed to work for their part in the play. Each girl agreed, each being told there would be 2 other girls, with herself being the third girl. They were to meet at the amphitheater and were told that it would be sexual in nature.
Livia also drafted a letter to Lucius, offering to host him and his vigiles for a special entertainment show at the amphitheater, starting at sundown. She gave him the letter, asking him to encourage his troops to attend. She said she wanted to thank them for making her feel secure in her husband's absence. He told her he would attend along with most guards, save those who were on duty.
That evening, Livia put on her clay disguise, her wig, and her rags, ensuring she looked like a different person. She snuck out and met at the amphitheater. One girl was already there and they waited on the other girl who finally arrived. In the performers area were the instructions detailing how each girl was to behave as well as the outfits Livia secured and had designed for the show. The letter listed details of the scenes they were to act out, with the characters each would play and the necessary actions. The girls got dressed and reviewed their parts.
After it was dark, with candles and lanterns illuminating the stage, the three girls walk out on stage. They act out a scene where the other two girls are nobles walking in a market. Livia, being dressed in rags, sneaks around and pretends to pickpocket them. While "sneaking" away, the nobles turn and "catch" her. This elicited laughter from the crowd. The girls grab her and drag her to the other part of the stage. She tries to put up a fight, but she clumsily falls. While they hold her dress, she squirms and it comes loose. This is the moment Livia has been waiting for. She stands up and with a final pull, the dress falls off and she is now naked. The crowd erupts in cheers. Livia turns red in the realization that she is naked in front of Lucius and the vigiles. She instinctively covers herself with her arms. The other two girls toss the dress aside and grab her arms, exposing her chest to the crowd. She gets her arms free and grabs the neck line of each girls shirt.
As they swipe at her to grab her, she pulls and the clothes rip, leaving those girls naked as well. They face the crowd with angry faces and the crowd cheers hard. The two girls grab Livia by the arms. They spin her around and bend her over, her ass facing out to the crowd. The crowd erupts again, screaming crude directions and requests to the girls. After a couple of spanks on Lidia's ass, they let her go and she drops to her knees. She makes a begging gesture and the two girls act out discussing what to do. They turn back to her and gesture to their pussies. Livia is nervous here as she's never been with a woman. She crawls forward and plants her face in a pussy. She sticks out her tongue and licks.
The taste of pussy makes her insanely wet. She vigorously licks, trying to please the woman. While doing so, the other woman puts her hand on the back of Livia's head and pushed it harder. She keeps licking until the woman shakes and moans, orgasming and siding Livia's face. Once the woman steps back, she instantly grabs Livia's head and turns her to do the same for the other woman. Livia licks her pussy until she orgasms as well. They both then lay Livia down and finger her. This feels amazing, better than she's ever done to herself. They are driving her wild and she is trying hard to prolong it, but can't hold back. She finally orgasms in front of Lucius and the vigiles, rewarded with cheers and more lewd requests.
The three girls exit the stage and get dressed in their next outfits. These are more exotic and revealing outfits and they dance and strip naked for the crowd. They have their hands all over each other before bending over and fingering each other some more. They then get up and bow and walk off stage. They make it to the performers area where they catch their breath. They get dressed and part ways. As Livia makes it back home, she undresses and brings herself to another orgasm in bed.
She is awoken in the morning by Mira, who is very concerned about getting her dressed. Noble ladies aren't supposed to be naked and exposed and this is the second time she has been like this. Livia tells Mira that she will start getting paid if she can swear to secrecy. Mira agrees and Livia starts to open up to her, telling her only that she likes to walk amongst the common people dressed like them. She says this leads her to pleasure herself at night. Livia tells Mira that she will most likely be naked while in her room while her husband is away and there is no need for concern. Opening up, even just with the small details, releases a huge weight off of her chest.
Over the next couple of days, Livia was much more comfortable staying naked in her room. With Mira in and out, she is much slower to get dressed, which heightens her experience. She enjoys watching Mira see her bare breasts. They both became more comfortable with this. Outside of her room, Livia is particularly interested in the sounds coming from Lucius' room. Hearing the moans, groans, and grunts excite her. She secretly wished she could be in there with him. One day while walking by, Lucius opened the door exiting his room. They were both caught startled in the hall and Lucius did not close the door behind him. They greet each other and Livia peers over his shoulder into his room behind him. She sees the concubine on the floor naked and spread. Her arms are tied to the bed and she is covered in Lucius' cum. When Lucius realizes Livia could see, he quickly closes the door behind him. He laughs it off saying to pay no attention to what is in there. He escorts her away and they walk the hall together.
After parting ways, Livia wonders how long the girl is going to remain tied, also thinking about how long she has already been tied up. She also thinks about how she was covered in cum. This brings her great excitement. She knew she had to feel this feeling. When she got back to her room, she starts to draft a letter. The letter states that all make slaves and gladiators are to provide semen. It commanded all gladiators and male slaves to produce 3 samples each. The letters were delivered to each area along with buckets for collection. The buckets are to be delivered to the west side of the Villa. Livia also arranged to have Lucius out of the Villa that night.
After the sun set, Livia checked outside and saw numerous buckets. With nobody around, she had to work fast. She carries the buckets up to her chambers and left them across the hall in the bath. It took her a long time to get them all inside but she was finally done. She rests for a bit to catch her breath and prepare herself for what she is about to do. She surrounds the bath with the buckets and strips naked, slowly stepping into the empty tub. She grabs a bucket and slowly pours it over her head. It was thick and glazes over her. Her heart races as she thinks about what she is doing and how she is defiling her body. She does in the feeling of the thick cum choosing her hair and skin. As it empties, she wipes her eyes and basks in the feeling. She grabs another bucket and pours it over her chest. She looks down and sees herself covered. She continues dumping bucket after bucket on herself until she is bathing in cum. She sits there waist deep in it, allowing it to drop and dry on her skin. The smell of sex overtook the air. She imagines man after man using her body, then depositing their cum on her, as she had seen what Lucius had done to the concubine.
She laid in the tub for a while, feeling it dry on her skin, thicken in her hair, and glaze her face. She couldn't get enough of it. Every time a layer dried, she would dunk her head under and recoat herself. She starts having trouble opening her eyes as they are almost glued shut. As she decides she is done, she pulls herself out of the tub. Livia realizes she has a problem. In her haste to enjoy her activity, she did not bring her robes. She also didn't think ahead about how to wash off, since the bath was drained of water and is now full of semen. This would also have to be emptied. Standing naked and glazed, she walks to the door. Peeking out and hearing and seeing nobody, she makes a dash across the hall to her room. She rushes in and closes the door, almost knocking over Mira, who was readying the room for night.
Mira turns and her eyes widen seeing Livia run in naked and covered in a white coating. She is slow to react before rushing to get her robes. She asks Livia if she was ok and what happened. Livia stumbles trying to lie, but couldn't come up with anything. As Mira went to robe her, Livia declines. This encounter embarrassed her, but also excited her. She wants to draw it out. She sits down and tells Mira what she was up to. She tells her that she saw the concubine covered in Lucius' semen and wanted to experience that. She tells her that she collected the semen from the slave men and gladiators in town and coated herself, bathing in it. She explains how free it made her feel and how exciting it was and how much she loved it. She wasn't ready for it to end. She tells Mira that this must remain private.
Mira asks if she could suggest an idea, to which Livia allows. Mira suggestd changing the bedding to the common ones and she can sleep like that. Livia likes this and asks her to do so. When she finally lays down, she also tells Mira that the concubine was tied up. She tells Mira to do the same for her so she can feel that same feeling. Mira ties her hands and legs to the corners. She asks if there was anything else, to which Livia dismisses her for the night, telling her not to come back until morning.
That night Livia got little sleep, but it was the most exciting night. She was tied spread apart, unable to wiggle free. No matter how she thrashed, she was stuck. If someone came in, she wouldn't be able to stop them. She was still covered in so much cum, which dried all over her. In the morning, Mira came in and untied her. The semen had fully died and crusted on her. Her arms and legs were sore from being tied and her pussy was on fire. Mira helps her up and puts a robe on her. She helps her across the hall to the bath. Livia saw that Mira had emptied and cleaned the bath, and filled it with water. Mira helps bathe her, which only increases her excitement. After getting clean, Livia retires back to her room for more peaceful rest. She dreamt of being tied up in a room full of men, unable to stop them from all taking turns using her.
When she awoke, she knew she would have to devise a plan to go all the way and be taken by a man. She thinks about who she can involve. Lucius is her first choice, but she is too scared that he will recognize her. She thinks about going to the guards compound, but they too have seen her up close and it might arouse suspicion if they talk too much about it. She then thinks about the gladiators and smiles. It will be perfect. They don't usually talk with the people of the town, the nobles, or the guards and they have little credibility even if they were to say anything. She can disguise herself and give herself to them.
She plans out her disguise and the actions she will take. She will dress like a slave, using the clay features to alter her appearance. She will sneak into the gladiator compound after their training and dinner and give herself to them, taking turns with each of them. Then she'll sneak out in the night and head back to her room. She is so excited thinking about it. She will do it the next day so she can make sure everything is in order. She tells Mira that she will be away on an adventure for the night. She tells her to block any visitors, saying she is not feeling well, just in case anyone is looking for her.
Livia spends the day getting ready. Mira helps her get dressed and in disguise. She sneaks out and heads for the gladiators. With perfect timing, and the keys to the gates, she is able to sneak into the gladiators' compound undetected. With the guards outside the perimeter, she can go about unnoticed. She walks inside and sees the gladiators in their common space, red wine flowing. She gets very nervous starts to wonder if she made a mistake coming here. Before she could backtrack, one of the gladiators sees her and calls out to her. He asks what she is doing there and how she got in.
She tries to act confident, relying that how she got in is not important. She let them know she has watched them train and perform and was very impressed. She wanted to know what they were like outside of the arena. They ask if this is a trick, which she denies. She told them she wants to show her appreciation for their dedication and skill. She was now surrounded by them. One asks how she is going to show that. In response, Livia, her hands shaking, pulls her straps and her dress falls. She stands there naked in front of these muscular men.
One of the men walks over to her and reaches out, grabbing her chest. She stands her ground, starting at him with a look of confidence. He then reaches around, grabbing her ass. She stands there getting felt up, enjoying the touch of another man. He then turns her around suddenly. He bends her over on a nearby bench. He pulls off his tunic and she feels his cock line up against her pussy. He eases it in, but once in, quickly changes to a much faster pace. He is so strong and very rough. Livia is now nervous, thinking this was a bad idea, but the pleasure from his large cock is telling her otherwise. His aggressive nature is intoxicating. It didn't take long for her first orgasm to wash over her. After the first orgasm, she comes back to reality and can hear all of the other men saying crude things about her. They comment on her tits, ass, pussy, and how hard they want to fuck her. They call her a white and all the derogatory names they can come up with. She orgasms at least once more before he grunts and shoots his load inside of her. She goes to sit down but another man grabs her and pulls her back up, taking over. She tries to ask him for a break but he tells her to shut up. He shoved his cock right in her, continuing the fast pace of the last guy. Livia feels humiliated by how she was spoken to, but it also excited her. She was compelled to comply and shut her mouth and take it. She can't believe how unreal and good this feels. She wonders how long it would take to be with each man and how many orgasms they will give her. She looks around and sees just a sea of men, all waiting their turn. After this guy shot his load in her, a very large man lifts her up, sits down, and sets her down right on his cock. Moaning in pleasure, she grabs his shoulders and bounces up and down, until he cums in her.
The next guy lifts her off of him and bends her over right in front of another. He starts fucking her while the other guy shoves his cock in her mouth. She moans onto his cock while taking it from behind. She was in total ecstasy. Then the guy pulls out of her and lines his cock up to her ass. She pulls back to tell him no, but the guy slaps her and shoves his cock back in her mouth. She groans and tries to stop him but he grabs her arms and holds her in place, still gagging on a cock.
The men laugh at her futile effort and further encourage him to fuck her ass. The guy tells her to enjoy the ass fucking as he shoves his cock in her ass. He pushes in hard causing her to yelp, muffled by the cock in her mouth. She feels the pain as her ass stretches around his cock. She almost blacks out. He laughs as he pushes all the way in and thrusts. As the guy pulls out of her mouth, she can see that the men all have their cocks out and are waiting their turn. Livia is panicking. The guy cums in her ass and another takes her place. She is lowered down to all fours, where a man is laying under her waiting. He enters her pussy as her a cock enters her ass. Another cock uses her mouth. She's currently being fucked in all 3 holes. She gives up fighting and relents to accept her fate. Afterall, she did this to herself. She just didn't realize what she was getting into. Man after man take turns using her ass, pussy, and mouth. They degrade her with names, and she truly feels like a whore as she is passed around amongst men, sometimes her feet never even touching the floor.
She loses track of how many men have been in each of her holes, and she is losing energy. Despite losing control of the situation and feeling like a whore, her body is betraying her with waves of orgasms. She can feel the cum running down her thighs and down here chin, covering her tits as well. She flashes back to her bath of cum, but this time she isn't in control. She no longer feels the pain of anal, with cock after cock thrusting harder and harder in and out of her. She has no idea how long she has been here, but as she glances around the room, there are still numerous men waiting to use her. She swears some are even back for seconds.
She wanted to give her body up and feel a man take her, but this is to the extreme. Despite that, it is still the most intense orgasms she has ever felt. She is now starting to drift in and out of consciousness as the animalistic men continue to fuck her. She passes out and as an orgasm awakens her, she's in a different spot with a different man in her. There are still men around but less than before. She doesn't even know how long she been out. She slowly loses consciousness again. This time, when she awakens, she is alone on a bench. She tries to stand up but she is so sore she stumbles. She looks for her clothes but they are nowhere in sight.
As she stumbles around to find her clothes and get out of here, she sees that it is now light out and she senses she's in trouble. She will have to sneak out and back to her room, but how can she do that without her dress and her key. She sneaks around the compound and finally finds her clothes, but they are badly torn from being stepped on. In a hidden inside seem, she finds her key. She tries to figure out how to wear the garment, but sees that it is too badly ripped. She hears the gate open and voices coming. She is badly panicking. She ties the key up in her hair and finds a place to hide behind a bench. She sees guards walking in and they stop. She forgot to grab her torn dress. The guards comment on it and start looking around. They very quickly find her and she is grabbed and pulled out of her hiding spot by her hair.
The guard who grabbed her questions who she is and how she got here, but pauses as he's sees the cum so over her, which is now on his hands. He throws her to the ground. Another guard looks her over and laughs, calling her a whore. He comments about her appearance and being covered in cum. He orders two other guards to take her away, saying that they will make an example out of her to show people the penalty for trespassing and being a whore. Livia asks for her clothes but they ignore her. They drag her out out of the compound and into the fresh air naked.
The guards drag her through town, into the town square. There, other guards have already set up a pillory. Livia is struggling to get free, begging them to let her go. The guards lock her into the pillory, her naked body exposed to the town. She is bent over, her head and hands licked into the wood, with her ass sticking out. She is still covered in the gladiators' cum. Thrashing around here her nowhere, as she can't get loose. A crowd has congregated and now the townspeople have seen her naked. The people tell out obscenities, calling her a whore and other names.
Suddenly, she sees Lucius walking up to her. He looks at her and asks her name. She remains quiet. Lucius asks again and slaps her for not answering. After a couple more slaps her gives up. Lucius then addresses the people. He announces that he finds the girl guilty of trespassing. She is also guilty of sleeping with forbidden men. He announces that she will remain locked up in the stockade for 24 hours. Her turns back to her and tells her that there will be no escaping on his watch. He walks away, the vigiles along with him, leaving her to the fate of the people.
By the time they leave, she is left alone amongst the people of the town. She's never been more scared. Throughout the day, the people call her a whore and other degrading things. Wherever she looks, people are around her, coming and going, watching the punishment of a whore who tried to escape. She wished she could use her real power and influence to stop this, but was also glad that it seemed nobody had yet to recognize her. As it got later and darker, the people left her alone. She was now out in the square all alone, which somehow felt worse to her than when she had an audience. She felt abandoned and scared.
This didn't last long after sundown, though. Once it was completely dark, she hears a group of men taking, walking towards her. They are talking about her as if she wasn't even there. They come right up to her and ignore her pleas for help. One of them starts groping her. They tell her to shut up when she objects. She doesn't know why, but she feels like she needs to obey them. They are all now touching her. She feels one of them press his cock against her pussy and thrust inside of her. The other two laugh as he fucks her. He isn't gentle and fucks her hard and fast until he cums in her. The next guy tells the first that this is how it's really done. He presses his cock against her ass and fucks her, cumming in her ass. The third guy also fucks her ass. Right after finishing, they leave her alone again.
This happens several times throughout the night, with guys creeping up to her, fucking her, and leaving her. She can't get any sleep in the position she is in. She can only think about the events that led her here. She both regrets it and doesn't, as this has been just as exciting as it has been humiliating and scary. She takes a couple more fuckings through the night, with everyone leaving before morning. When the sun comes up, the regular crowd again watches her humiliation. She thinks she recognizes some of the men from the night, but is in no position to call them out. She takes more verbal abuse from the people until the vigiles come surround her. Lucius returns and has her unlocked. He tells two men to take her to the jail.
While in jail, she is finally given clothing in the form of an oversized tunic. She cannot move around easily without it coming undone or opening and exposing her. Despite this, she is still ready and on already, waiting for her moment to escape. She has the keys to get her out of this, but with a guard posted outside her cell, she must wait for the right opportunity. Livia watches day she night but the guard post is unrelenting. She is provided food and water, but no opportunity to be alone. She is losing her mind and her hope.
The next thing she knows it's that the town and the guard are abuzz with the talks of a neighboring village coming in for negotiations. The patrol of guards has increased. Livia is getting nervous that she may never escape, despite having all the tools to do so. The next day she catches word that a representative and his entourage has entered the town. When she hears who has come, her heart sinks. It is one of the more barbaric towns, with no regard for nobility. The word spreads quickly and everyone in the town stays in isolation in their homes. It is a town known for their demands of women and pleasure, alomg with food and alcohol. They offer the strongest army in support, which is why they are allowed in this alliance.
The feast of grand and the noise spreads through the town, even reaching Livia's ears in the jail. She listens to the cheers, the yells, and the roaming voices, all the way up to the door of the jail. She hears the conversation on the hall, hearing how Lucius has offered the whore in the jail to the men in the army of the representative for entertainment. Livia steps back in the cell as the guards open the door and shackle her, helping escort her to the temporary barracks that were set up. Livia is escorted inside where she sees and endless supply of men all with lust in their eyes. The guards announce to the men that Commander Lucius has generously granted the men a night with this woman. A tear comes to Livia's eye, knowing that her friend has given her body to men known to take what they want, however they want.
As the men line up and disrobe, Livia is reminded of her time in the gladiator compound. She remembers being passed around from man to man, slowly losing control and being pushed further and further to the brink. She remembers being scared and used, and how incredible that felt. When the guards left, the same false confidence she had with the gladiators washed over her. She greeted the men and acted seductive. When the first guy walked over to her, she pushed him back playfully and started disrobing herself. She removed her tunic and through it to the men. It was instantly lost in the crowd. She was then surrounded by the men. Livia leaned into it and let them run their hands all over her. She was pulled into the crowd and was instantly probed and prodded by fingers. She verbally encouraged them and spread herself to help them. Fingers were quickly replaced by cocks and she was in the midst of her second gangbang. She was passed from man to man, being filled in all holes. She embraced it and let herself succumb to multiple waves of orgasms, while the men came inside her. She did her best to entertain the men, not holding anything back. These men were fucking her hard and fast, similar to the gladiators. But having already experience that, Livia was willing and eager to accept it.
At the end of the night, the vigiles came back to escort her back to the jail. She was naked and in the middle of being used when they pulled her out. She had no idea where her tunic was and the other men weren't cooperative in finding it. Livia was one again dragged naked through town back to the jail. As she's locked up again and given another oversized tunic, this one ripped and dirty, Livia contemplates her life and decisions. Not too long ago, she was a proper noblewoman in charge of the town. She was faithful to her husband and respected. Now she is being passed around from man to man, defiled in every way possible. She has been fucked in every hole and has been locked up naked for the whole town to see her. At least she still has her anonymity. As she thinks about all the actions and decisions that brought her here, she grows wetter.
She keeps waiting for the guards to leave her alone, even just for a minute, so she can have her opportunity to escape. Later on, a messenger arrives stating all guards on to be on standby as the visitors leave. Apparently Lucius didn't trust this town, so he has his vigiles keep watch to make sure they don't steal, destroy, or kidnap. The jail guards step outside and post their. Livia sees her opening. She unties the key from her hair and opens the cell. She then heads to the back and climbs out of a window. She waits in an alley until a crowd passes, then she blends into the crowd. She sneaks along with them until she can step out into another alley. She continues on until she nears her Villa. With all of the guards on standby, she again must wait for an opening. In this time, she removes her disguise.
She waits a long time until the escort is over, meaning the visitors have departed. Lucius recalls his men and has them all return to their posts. She uses this cue to sneak into the Villa. Sneaking through the halls, she mOnes towards her room. She finds Mira in the halls, who gasps at her appearance. Mira grabs her and pulls her into the bath. She sets Livia in the bath and starts washing her dirty, cum stained body. Mira tells her that she saw her in the town square and knew it was her. She wanted to help but couldn't. Livia tells her not to worry, that even though she was exposed and embarrassed, she enjoyed it. She also tells Mira what happened with the entourage of the visiting representative. Mira is shocked. She can't believe what she is hearing. She can't believe anyone could do such things, let alone a noble woman and the wife of a town leader. She definitely can't believe someone would have a smile on their face talking like this about these actions.
Mira gets Livia into her room and dressed. As she settles, the weird spreads of a missing slave girl. When Livia sees Lucius in the halls, upset that his men have list a prisoner, Livia has a weird with him. She tells him she heard what this girl has done. She asks him if it's worth the embarrassment of not finding her. She recommends siding the word that the girl was let go after serving her sentence. It will save face and stop the hunt. It will also protect Livia from any clues coming to fruition. Lucius agrees and puts the matter to rest.
Livia can finally relax and sleeps for the next two days. She spends the next few days after that recuperating and healing, as she has been extremely sore. Mira brings up the subject of her adventures, asking if she is finally done with them. Livia just smiles and laughs. She tells Mira that she has an even bigger idea planned. She looked ahead in the ledgers and a barbaric town will be visiting this week. With their reputation, they are sure to treat a concubine to a real good time. Mira tries talking her out of it saying it's too much, but Livia has made up her mind. She is going to tell Lucius she has selected the concubine to send to the village, but really it is herself. She will give herself up with even less control than with the gladiators and the last visiting entourage. This time she will be stuck in the situation for a week, with no possibly way to talk anyone down or out of any actions. She won't be able to escape this one.
Livia discusses the details of her plan with Mira. She tells Mira she will need her help. Her plan is to make two identical disguises one of them she will wear when she is being taken away, and the other one she will leave for Mira to give to her upon her return. She doesn't know how she will be treated by the other village, so she plans on removing it once she is out of town. Then, with written orders by Livia, Mira will accept the concubine home upon her return. At this time, Mira will reapply the disguise. She will escort Livia through town and, once alone, help her back to the Villa.
Livia drafts her letters to Lucius stating a concubine has been selected for this week and that she is too be escorted out, and received back, by Mira due the reputation of the visiting village. Livia has these letters delivered to Lucius. When the day arrives, Livia's nerves are intense. She is struggling to get ready. She is happy that Mira is there to help her. She gets dressed in her new slave outfit. She applies her disguise and makes sure that Mira has the other one. She then makes her way to the town square, awaiting contact by Mira.
Livia walks amongst the people and watches as the visitors ride into town. She watches with a nervous glance, knowing that they will be in control of her fate for the next week. The visitors ride to the Villa and meet with Lucius. They are thrown the customary feast and celebrate while negotiating trades. Later that night, Mira comes to get Livia. She tells her it is not too late to back out, that they can quickly find a replacement. Livia states that she wants to go through with it. Mira escorts her to the banquet, where she was requested to meet her new masters. Upon entrance, the leader calls her over. He had her walk in front of all of his men, then back to him. As she stands in front of him, the leader addresses Lucius. He asks if she is his to do what he pleases and Lucius agrees, telling him that she is not too be harmed and is to be returned in one week.
Agreeing, the leader rips her dress off. Livia gasps and covers up with her arms. The leader tells her to uncover and show him what she has to offer. She puts her arms down and spins around. As she faces away from him, he grabs her arms and bends her over on the table. He undoes his pants and immediately thrusts inside her leading to her yelping. She opens her eyes and looks out, realizing she is getting fucked in front of Lucius, the vigiles, and the nobles of the town, all of which are those with whom she spends most of her time. She sees them all watch and laugh at her situation. The leader is very large and fucks her hard. She can't help but moan as an orgasm washes over her. She is panting like a whore, staring at her friends and neighbors. The leader finishes and cums inside her. She is left leaning on the table catching her breath.
Finally she gets up and looks to him for further instruction. The leader announces that he likes this one and she will do well. He has her sit amongst his men, still naked. The feast continues well into the night. Finally, the celebration draws to a close. The leader, who Livia learns is named Vitus, orders his men to pack up and they start to leave the town. Livia looks out and see Mira watching her go. She quickly pulls her disguise off, crushes it, and throws it into some bushes as she departs on a carriage. They travel overnight, arriving at their village in the morning. This village is less clean than what she is used to.
Livia is escorted to Vitus' chambers while he attends some business. She is left their naked with a guard posted outside the room. She waits on his bed for him to come back. Finally Vitus enters and sees her spread on his bed. He wastes no time in entering her and using her body. She enjoys his huge cock and can get used to this week. She spends the next two days at his whim, offering him pleasure whenever he wants. He keeps fucking her the same way each time. Livia decides she will offer her ass for the first time since the gladiators.
The next time he approaches her she turns around and spreads her ass. Seeing this opportunity, Vitus takes his prize. He lines his cock up with her ass and slowly enters. It takes some time to get in, and Livia is very vocal about it, moaning between words. He fucks her and cums in her ass, leaving her. Livia can barely get up and falls asleep in that position. She is awoken later that day with another fucking. By the third day, she can barely walk from the poundings she has taken from his big cock. Livia is loving every minute of this. She feels more powerful than she has ever felt before. By the end of the week, she hears the plans of returning her to her town. She is sad to leave. This has been the best week of her life.
She is loaded on a carriage with just a few guards to escort her back. On the journey, she wants to have one last adventure. She makes a shush gesture to the two guards on the carriage with her and removes her robes. She moves closer to the guards and grabs their cocks. She rubs them and removes their pants. She then lowers herself in one of them, guiding his cock into her pussy. She bends forward and takes the other in her mouth. After some time, she said positions and switches holes. She feels the cock in her pussy cum first, then after takes a load in the mouth. It dribbles down her chin a little as she smiles. She stays naked and rests for the long journey.
The guards wake her up letting her know they are approaching her town. She puts on her robes and gathers her composure. When she steps out of the carriage, Mira is there. She helps her put on her disguise, hiding the imperfections with dirt. Mira escorts her through the town, passing many townspeople. They duck into a back alley. Here she has stashed a more appropriate attire. Mira helps her dress and removes the disguise. She cleans her off and helps her primp up. Then, Mira continues into the town with her robes as Livia heads to her Villa. She makes it back to her room and collapses on her bed. She replays every minute of her week in her head, her hands instantly touching herself.
She waits for Mira to return so she can tell her all about her week. When she does, Livia is still half undressed. Mira tries getting her clothes on but Livia just wants to discuss her week. She talks about each fucking in detail and how good it felt. She talks about how it made her feel. She can't thank Mira enough for how she helped her. Mira is now smiling for Livia. She is happy for her. She tells her that she is envious of her free spirit and ability to give herself up like she did. Hearing this, Livia grows a devious grin. She commands Mira to disrobe. Mira starts to object but Livia orders her to do so. Mira drops her clothes to the floor and stand their naked. Livia then tells her to lay down on the bed. Mira walks nervously and lays down. Livia then walks over and lays between her legs. She begins to lick Mira and eats her pussy. She brings Mira to an orgasm. She tells Mira that she owes her many more before finally getting dressed.
The next couple of days saw Livia giving Mira orgasm after orgasm. Livia kept trying to push her own submissive side by having Mira sit on her face and telling Mira to make her give her an orgasm. She empowered Mira to take control, with Mira even making Livia eat her ass. In her bedroom, Livia has ensured that Mira is dominant and fulfilling her desire.
All of her fun, though, came to a stop as Quintus returns from the Capital. Livia can no longer have have Mira in her room and it would look suspicious if she hung around in the slaves' quarters. She feels a sudden void in her life. She and Quintus sleep together often, but it isn't the same. It doesn't have the same feel as being dominated or humiliated. She craves being fucked by people who don't care about her and take out their aggression on her. Livia tries to move on and get this out of her head. Life goes back to usual. She resumes her noble duties and starts to make more appearances in the town. As she walks through, though, she remembers sneaking into the gladiator compound, being locked in pillars on display, being locked up in prison, and running naked through the alleys. She remembers the feel of cock after cock invading her holes. It will be hard to go back.
The town announces Gladiator games in the name of Quintus' return and the successful business dealings that will bring further wealth to the town. They invite neighboring villages to participate and enjoy. As the town prepares, Livia decides she will prepare too. She will give it a go to have another adventure. She knows about the actions in the poor section of the arena. Whores usually walk around and sell their bodies for whatever the men can scrounge up. She decides that she will be one of these whores, referring that she gets treated like one.
She creates one of her disguises and works on her plan. She will depart the box and quickly change into her new persona. She will then walk to the poor section and sell herself. She will make sure she is cheap enough to get the business. The day of the games, Livia heads to the arena early. She hides her clothes and her face cover in a secluded spot. She maps out the path she will take and makes sure she has alternate routes. Later that day Livia travels to the arena alongside her husband. They greet the neighboring villages. Livia holds her composure when Vitus approaches and greets them. They finish the welcoming and head to their seats. Quintus addresses the crowd and welcomes all guests, local and from afar. He talks about prosperity and then commences the games. After a couple of fights, Livia tells her husband she is not feeling well and will retire to the Villa. He allows it and continues to watch the games.
Livia sneaks out and heads to get secluded spot. She changes her outfit and puts on her disguise, then heads to her destination. Once there, she can already see some girls are naked and others are already fucking men. She struts confidently and hears lewd comments from men. She starts responding to these crude offers and sells herself to the first offer, a very cheap amount. He pulls up her robes and takes her from behind. While others watch and wait, she pulls the front down, exposing her tits. This gets her more offers. The cheap whore feeling washes over her and she feels satisfied. She continues fucking men while attracting more attention. As the games get later and the main event is approaching, she decides to head home. Her robes are ripping but she does her best to pull them up and heads out of the crowds. She is being groped and grabbed and is living every minute of it.
When she gets to the hall leading to the common exit, Lucius is standing there. She tried to walk past him, but he stops her. She talks to her like a whore and she smiles offering her services another time, but she goes white when he calls her Livia. He tells her he followed her out to make sure she was safe and saw everything from her disguise to her whoring herself. He puts shackles on her and tells her he is bringing her to jail, and will discuss this with Quintus when the games end. Without her hands to hold them up, her ripped robes are getting, exposing herself along the way. Lucius locks her up in jail.
When the first day of games end, Lucius finds Quintus and tells him there is an emergency and he should come with him alone. They head to the jail where he sees his wife locked up in rags. He asks what is going on and Lucius tells him everything. Quintus is upset and asks Livia if this is true and why. Livia apologizes and says yes. She says she lives him, but there is something else inside of her that controls her. He feels betrayed and tells her she will stay locked up until he makes a determination on how to handle this betrayal. He turns his back and leaves. Livia is left their overnight. This is the second time she is jailed, but this time it is more severe.
The next day she can hear the commotion from the start of the games. She is scared for her life. As the day goes on, she contemplates everything she has done, this time with more regret. She knows she pushed too far and is scared she will pay with her life. She hears a noise from outside her cell window. She looks and sees the guards are still outside, so she climbs up and looks out. Mira is there. She tosses something to her, which comes through the window. Mira tells her she found the key she used in her gladiator incident. She says that there will be a lot of commotion at the end of the games and the guards will surely be distracted. She'll be able to make her escape then. Livia thanks Mira. As they try to plan, Mira has to run as guards are patrolling. She narrowly escapes them
Livia climbs down and grabs the key, hiding it again in her hair. She has a renewed sense of hope, but still knows she can't return to her old life. She decides she will try to escape by riding with one of the neighboring villages. That night, with the roar of the arena dwindling, she hears much commotion in the area. She thinks the visitors are departing. Now is her only chance. Not seeing any guards, she unlocks her cell. She sneaks through and peeks outside. The guards are there along with a crowd. Trying to figure out how to get passed them, she spots Mira again. Mira sees her and motions to her. Mira then interacts with a group of men nearby, looking as though she's passing off coins. Those men then start walking in front of the guards and start a fight with each other. As the guards try to break it up, they are pulled into the pile. Livia makes a break for it at this moment.
She runs and keeps to the alleys, making her way to the edge of town. Looking back, she sees she wasn't followed. Reaching the road, she sees a carriage coming. The guards are marching alongside, so she waits until they pass, but misses her chance. She keeps waiting until the next group. She recognizes them as Vitus' town. As they pass her hiding spot, she pops out and begs to go with them. They recognize her as Quintus' wife and Vitus himself comes over. She tells him that she was the woman who stayed with him for the week. Virus is intrigued and asks her why she is escaping. She tells them her life is in danger and she'll do anything to get out of town. Vitus responds that he will trade her robes for passage, if she commits herself to him. She immediately agrees, strips, throws her clothes to them and hops on the caravan.
She travels with Vitus back to his village, having to explain what she did. Knowing her actions, he tells her that she is going to enjoy living with him as his whore. This is her life now. Livia has been passed from guard to guard, offering her body without the ability to say no. What started as a game, escalated quickly and changed her life forever. She doesn't own any possessions and Vitus offers her to any visitors, often watching as she is told to beg to get fucked. As long as she keeps him satisfied, she is given food, shelter, and safety. Despite having to work for it, she can't say that she isn't sometimes excited and able to find enjoyment out of it.