Readers, please note that this is a multi-volume and multi-chapter story. It is best when read from the beginning "The Lady Executive, Chapter 1".
"I was wondering when you were going to let the girls know you were there." Cory said with a smile. He didn't even open his eyes when he asked, "So, 'Dollar Bill' did you like the show?"
"Dollar Bill? Oh, you must be Reggie. What is it with you guys scaring the shit out of us girls at the most inopportune moments?" Bailey asked with irritation that slowly melted into a smile.
"What can I say, Bailey? My guys know how to make an entrance." I said as I made my way across the room and with a smile, thumped Reggie in the chest, before hugging him. "Welcome home, Darling." I whispered in his ear.
"Mmm, you have no idea how good that sounds. I could get used to hearing that." he answered quietly in my ear before kissing me gently.
"Wait a minute. What do you mean, 'your guys'? Hell no Joanie! You can have that one. This one is mine." Bailey said as she wrapped herself possessively around Cory.
"Don't we guys get a say in this?" Cory asked.
"No." Bailey and I answered in unison, causing everyone to laugh.
"So how was your trip? Did you get done what you needed to do?" I asked Reggie.
"I did. I suspect you'll be hearing about it soon enough so I won't bore you with details. Now it's been too long since I've hung out with my brother. What do you say about going to the Boardwalk? We can get a little dressed up and go out for a few drinks, take in the sea breeze, show our ladies off, and relax for a bit." Reggie said, wiggling his eyebrows.
I suddenly knew I was falling for this man. "Damn! I'm in love with Reggie and I'm in love with Bailey. What the fuck am I gonna do?" I thought to myself.
I looked at the clock by the bed. I was stunned to see that it was only 10:00. "It's only 10:00. Hell yeah, let's go out. Come on Bailey I have just the outfits to wear tonight to make these two crazy in heat all over again." I said with an evil grin.
"Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!" she exclaimed as she kissed Cory on the cheek and jumped off the bed to join me in the bathroom to do our makeup and hair.
"You boys go get dressed in the guest room and wait for us downstairs. We'll be ready in 20 minutes. Go!" I exclaimed as I closed the bathroom door.
"Well, you heard the woman. Come on, Bro; let's get decked out in something presentable." Reggie said with a grin.
"You mean like T-shirt and jeans, right? That's all I brought with me besides the play clothes." Cory answered as he crossed the bedroom.
"Yeah, although I suspect we'll be needing those play clothes soon." Reggie said grimly once they were out of the room.
"I know. How did you get here so quickly from Houston?" Cory asked.
"I called Bart. He loaned me the Lear for the weekend." Reggie said with a grin.
"Bart just let you have the Lear for the weekend? How did you pull that off?" Cory asked, grinning in surprise.
"I threatened to tell his wife about Bora Bora." Reggie said as he shrugged out of his shirt and put on a clean T-shirt. He looked down at his jeans and decided they were good enough for their destination.
"Yes, that would be an effective threat. She would divorce his ass and clean him out in a heartbeat if she found out about that weekend." Cory said with a laugh as he got dressed.
"It's funny. That was his exact response. He told me just to make sure the jet was back in Houston by Monday night. I guess they're going to Hawaii for their anniversary." Reggie said lightly and then he got serious. "Have you looked around?" he asked. Cory nodded. "I did an in depth circuit around the property before I came in. There are all kinds of signs all around the place, but nothing within 10 feet of the house, so they're keeping their distance. I'm guessing more than one. There is one who is obvious about his presence, makes no attempt to disguise it. There is also one who is more careful, not bad at hiding his tracks, but not good enough either." Cory said.
"Ok. Well it goes without saying that we are in full protection mode from now until it's done." Reggie said grimly before they walked out of the room and went downstairs to wait on the girls. Cory agreed.
Reggie was at a window and Cory at the alarm console when they heard the girls giggling on their way down the stairs. When they entered the room, the guy's jaws dropped. Cory was the first to recover.
"Dayum!" was his response to the sight before him.
Reggie just smiled.
I was wearing a loose, mid thigh length skirt. My top was basically a scarf that went from the back of my neck, crossed in front at my upper chest, and encased each breast before wrapping around behind my back. The fit was relatively loose and flowing, loose enough that if I chose to, all I had to do was move right and both tits would be fully on display. I completed my outfit with 3 inch ankle strap heels.
Bailey also wore a loose and flowing skirt, mid thigh length. Her top was a halter top with a peek-a-boo hole between her tits. The hole was large enough to almost show her nipples, which were rock hard and very visible at the moment.
"Um, wow! You girls look incredible. Shall we go?" Reggie stammered.
"Why thank you, Reggie. Yes I believe we should get going before you two attack us." I said. I led everyone to the attached garage and opened the door. I smiled when Cory gasped. "What's the matter, Cory? Haven't you seen one of these before?" I asked sweetly as he took in the sight of my favorite new toy, a 2011 Cadillac CTSV. "I am speechless." he said with awe as he circled the gleaming black car.
"I rented one a couple months ago and liked it so much that I went out and bought this one the next week. I didn't know for sure where I'd be when it was delivered so I had the dealership keep it on ice until I had a stable place. They delivered it last week. I'd ask if you want to drive, but I think it only fair that I demonstrate its abilities first. Shall we?" I asked, opening the passenger door and leaning the passenger seat forward. "You two get in the back. There's plenty of room. Don't get anything on my seats." I said.
"Don't worry, Joanie. I would never defile a work of art such as this by spilling bodily fluids inside it." Cory said as he got in the car.
"Well then I guess it's a good thing I swallow, huh?" Bailey exclaimed cheerfully and giggled.
"Girl sometimes I wonder about you." I said. I was amazed at her reaction to Cory's presence. I hadn't seen her behave like this with any of the guys we fooled around with in college.
Reggie and I got in the car and as I started the car, I couldn't help myself and I revved the engine hard and loud. Cory and Reggie both jumped a bit at the throaty growl, amplified inside the garage. Reggie smiled and leaned over toward me.
"When we get home, I want you to back the car into the garage, so it can be driven straight out, o.k.?" he said softly.
I looked him in the eyes and noticed immediately that he had that serious but yet dangerous look I had seen before. "OK" I answered.
I backed out of the garage and closed the door while we were still in the driveway. I didn't leave until the door was closed and alarmed.
"Good girl." Reggie said, smiling. "We will make a spook out of you yet." he said, patting my bare leg.
I smiled as I took his hand and placed it in his own lap. "I have a few rules when I'm in the car. Number one is no messing with the driver. One wrong twitch in this thing and you're flying into on-coming traffic. You'll have to keep your hands to yourself until we get to the boardwalk, Babe. Sorry." I said with a smile. "Everyone got their seatbelt on?" I asked. When everyone was buckled in, I checked the rearview mirror and put the car in reverse and floored the gas. Tires screaming and throwing smoke, I executed a smooth bootlegger's turn and we were flying down the road.
Reggie was laughing with pure joy, even though he had one hand on the dash and the other in a death grip on the passenger door. I laughed at the expression on Cory's face in the backseat. It resembled pure terror. Bailey was unaffected. She just patted his leg.
"Don't worry, Babe. Joanie can drive like very few people I know." she said, smiling.
The drive to the Boardwalk was fun filled. I put the car through its paces on city streets and then opened her up a little bit on the highway. At one point Reggie smiled.
"Um you seemed to have gotten someone's attention." he said, looking in the rearview mirror. I looked as well and saw a set of blue and red lights crossing the median and turning to come our way.
"Oops. Hang on guys." I said as I braked hard and took the next exit. At the end of the ramp, I took a right and then another right and then two quick lefts. At the next intersection, I saw the police car fly across the intersection one block down from us. Since I was in the middle of a group of cars, he never saw us and we went on our way, albeit very carefully from that point on until we were at the Boardwalk.
"Well, thanks for a very enlightening and interesting ride, Joanie. I bow to a master of automotive manipulation. Where'd you learn to drive like that?" Cory asked as we were getting out of the car.
"A very dear friend taught me while we were in college. He was a street racer and a gear head. He taught me a lot about E&E driving." I answered.
"Ah yes. You're talking about Trent, right? Damn that man was hot." Bailey said with a sigh.
"I thought you didn't like him, Bailey." I said with a smile as I took Reggie's hand in mine and we started walking along the Boardwalk.
"I didn't say he was a nice guy. I said he was hot. But you, Cory, you are a nice guy AND you're HOT. You, I like." Bailey said before kissing him passionately right in the middle of the Boardwalk. That earned them a few wolf whistles and cat calls and someone called out, "Get a room!"
"Bailey! What in the world has gotten into you?" I asked as I laughed at her cheeks getting red.
"Well, a little while ago, I'd have to say Cory had gotten into me, repeatedly." Bailey said, and then it was her turn to laugh at our reactions. Cory turned beet red himself over that comment. "What?" she asked. "What can I say? I guess the ocean breeze blowing up my skirt and across my pussy is making me horny again." she exclaimed.
"Oh! Well I never!" said a little old lady as they passed by close enough to hear Bailey's statement.
I looked at Bailey and my mouth dropped. She looked back at me and winked and smiled, obviously very pleased with herself.
"Oh come on, Joanie. Tell me it doesn't feel good." she said.
"Do you mean...?" Cory asked his eyes wide.
I blushed at first, and then surrendered to the mood Bailey was generating. I let go of Reggie's hand and took Bailey's hand and led her a few steps ahead of the guys.
"On three, let's turn to face the guys and flash them." I whispered into her ear.
Bailey giggled. "High or low?" she asked back.
"Let's go for all out shock factor. Low. Ready? One, Two, Three." I said and let go of her hand.
We turned and smiled at the guys, then raised our skirts and showed them we were both going commando for the evening. As our skirts floated back down into place, I noticed a few guys had looked our direction at just the right moment. A couple of them turned and followed, one of them got slapped by his girlfriend.
"Jeez! Are you trying to get arrested?!" Reggie exclaimed with a smile. He grabbed my hand and pulled me into a restaurant at the edge
of the Boardwalk. We were followed in by Cory and Bailey, also hand in hand. The waiter brought our water and menus within seconds of our sitting down.
"We won't need the menus. Just bring us a couple pitchers of beer. Thanks." Reggie said quickly.
The waiter looked around the table and seeing no one speaking up to the contrary, he hurried off to the bar. I scooted my chair closer to Reggie and Bailey moved closer to Cory. We snuggled up to our guys for a few moments, taking in the sights and sounds around us.
After our beer arrived, Cory filled everyone's mugs and then held his up in a toast.
"Here's to a nice, relaxing night in the company of two extremely beautiful women." he said.
We clinked our mugs together and drank to the toast. Bailey then placed her hand directly on Cory's crotch and squeezed gently.
"Who said anything about relaxing though? When we get home, you and I are going to go skinny dipping and I am going to fuck the shit out of you in the ocean until we are almost too tired to move. Then we're going to go to bed and make long, passionate love until we pass out. You are in for a very long night, my friend." she said seductively before kissing him gently on the neck.
Cory's eyes opened wide and, looking at the ceiling, he put his hands together, as if to pray.
"Oh lord, grant me the strength to deal with the massive amount of sexual energy flowing toward me right now. If not the strength to deal with it, at least make me strong enough to fully embrace and enjoy it. Amen." he said solemnly as he crossed himself.
"Yep. I said it earlier tonight and I say it again, Cory. You are doomed." I said, giggling.
"Hey, I've been gone for a while. Don't I get any special treatment tonight?" Reggie asked, looking my direction.
I looked over his shoulder at the approaching waiter, with a tray full of drinks on his shoulder. I smiled and, very loudly, said, "I don't
know, Honey. I think he made the right one bigger than the left! SEE?" As I said this, I pulled the material covering my breasts to the side, showing Reggie, the waiter, and half the restaurant my tits.
Reggie spit out the beer that was in his mouth, the waiter walked into a table and dumped the entire tray of drinks on its occupants, and a bunch of the men in the other half of the restaurant hooted and hollered. One even exclaimed, "Your tits are just fine, Baby!"
After I smiled and covered my tits, I took out a $50 bill and left it on the table.
"We should probably leave now. We have plenty of beer at the house and we have some skinny dipping to do. Let's go, shall we?" I said sweetly as I reached out my hand to Reggie, who was still recovering from my tit flash.
"Yes, I believe we shall." Bailey said, reaching across the table and taking my hand as she stood up from her chair.
As she stood up, someone from the bar called out, "Hey Sweetheart! What about yours?" It sounded like the same guy who'd complimented mine.
"I like mine just fine! What do you think?" Bailey asked as she turned and dropped her top for a moment, earning more wolf whistles and cat calls. I laughed as Cory looked and slapped his forehead.
We quickly left the restaurant before we got thrown out or worse yet, arrested. We laughed all the way back down the boardwalk, walking arm in arm. I snuggled closer to Reggie and put my arm around his waist and he hugged me around my shoulders. He was laughing about Cory slapping his forehead at the restaurant when he suddenly got very tense. I looked up at him and the look on his face told me he was ready for war. I scanned the crowd quickly for any kind of threat but I didn't see anything out of the ordinary. By the time I got my eyes back to his face, his face was relaxed and smiling again but his body was still tense, ready for battle.
"What was that all about?" I asked quietly.
He just glanced at Cory. When I looked Cory's direction, I saw he had the same look on his face. I could see that Bailey was oblivious.
"Nothing. I thought I saw an old friend in the crowd but I was wrong. It wasn't him." Reggie said, carefully keeping a smile on his face.
The drive back to the house was uneventful, almost. We were sitting at a stoplight, waiting for the red to turn green. I was looking around and happened to make eye contact with a guy in the pickup next to us. At that very moment, Bailey reached around my sides from the backseat and pulled my top open again. The guy's eyes just about popped out of his head when my tits came out.
"Bailey!!" I screamed in surprise just as the light turned green and I smoked the tires all the way across the intersection. We were two blocks away before I could get my tits back in my top. Bailey laughed the whole time.
We laughed about that for quite some time before arriving back at the beach house. As per Reggie's earlier request, I backed the car into the garage and we went in the house.
Bailey, true to her word at the restaurant, proceeded to take her clothes off as she walked through the house and was naked by the time she hit the back door. Stepping out onto the deck, she turned to see if Cory was following her.
He tried to keep up with her but his clothes were much more difficult to remove on the go. He finally gave up, sat down and got naked. Together, they walked off the deck and across the sand to the ocean.
I turned off the deck lights to give them a little privacy while I went to the bar and pulled a bunch of beers out of the refrigerator and put them in a bucket of ice. I put the bucket on the bar and turned to Reggie who, for the second time of the evening, surprised me. He was already naked. "Well it looks like you're the last one with clothes on, my dear. What's taking you so long? Didn't you say something about skinny dipping?" he asked with a smile that melted my heart.
I smiled as I slowly stepped out from behind the bar and walked over to the entertainment center and turned on the stereo. I put in a slow R&B jams mix CD I made awhile back. I turned on the deck speakers and took the bucket outside onto the deck, setting it beside the hot tub. As I crossed the deck back toward the dining room, I began to dance just like I had learned from my 'Stripping off the Calories' video years ago. Slowly I untied the knot at my neck and let the straps that covered my breasts fall forward, catching them before they revealed my nipples. Keeping my hands on my chest, I danced. Provocatively pivoting my hips and getting into the music, I closed my eyes and just let go. I was naked by the end of the song and Reggie had himself a nice raging erection. I walked across the room and into the kitchen. I turned to face him and played with my nipples and smiled.
"Are you going to join me or just stand there and watch me in the hot tub?" I asked as I turned away again and stepped out onto the darkened deck and slid down into the sunken hot tub.
I looked at him one more time before turning my back to him again and presenting him with an enticing view of my ass and pussy. As he strode across the deck to join me in the hot tub, I spread my legs wide and reached between my thighs and pulled his hard cock right into my pussy. I was so wet and horny that he slipped right inside. He wasted no time grabbing my hips and pulling me tightly to him, burying his cock deep in my pussy.
"Oh my god it's about time. I've wanted your cock inside me since two seconds after you left. Give it to me, Reggie, My darling, give me all of your cock and give it to me right...fucking...now!" I exclaimed as he proceeded to pound his hips against my ass, making slapping noises with every stroke. "Oh...oh...oh. Yeah, Baby, yeah! Fuck me hard Reggie! Fuck me! Fuck me! YES!!" I exclaimed. He grunted with every stroke. Soon I felt his thumb pressing against my asshole in rhythm with the strokes of his cock in my pussy.
"Oh yeah, Baby! Do it! Fuck my ass and my pussy. Oh Reggie please fuck me Baby!" I moaned, begging him as I pinched my own nipples and added to the electricity flowing through my entire body.
Reggie gently thrust his thumb inside my ass between strokes and held it there as he pounded my pussy with his cock. I could feel his cock rubbing against his thumb on every stroke and it drove me wild. I opened my eyes and saw Cory and Bailey fucking in the ocean. He was standing with her legs wrapped around his thrusting hips and her arms around his neck.
"Oh my god I love fucking you!" I exclaimed as we both suddenly peaked at the same time. My ass convulsed around his thumb as my pussy quivered around his pulsing cock. I felt every bit of cum he poured into me. I collapsed onto the edge of the hot tub. How long I was lying there, I do not know. But when I did come back to reality, I looked over my shoulder and saw Reggie looking very satisfied, studying my ass and pussy as they were still level with his face. I wiggled my butt and asked him, "Do you like what you see?"
"Oh yeah." he responded before suddenly leaning forward and planting his face square on my pussy lips. He licked my clit and nibbled my still throbbing pussy lips.
I enjoyed it for a few moments before my position became uncomfortable. I gently slid aside and sat back against the seat next to him and snuggled into his side. We were still in that position when Cory and Bailey came back to the deck and joined us. We sat drinking beer, silently studying the bright stars in the nighttime sky. Soon I felt myself nodding off into sleep. Reggie must have noticed.
"Come on, Honey. We've had our hot tub fun. Now let's let the kids have theirs. Time for bed." he said gently as he helped me upright and then out of the tub. "That is a wonderful idea. Good night, guys." I said, yawning and waving at them as we walked back into the house and straight up to our bedroom.
In the bed, I snuggled up next to Reggie merging our wet bodies together. Reggie was exhausted and not just from the wild sex we had just shared. He had been a busy man today and I still had no idea what he had done.
Reggie patted me on the ass and said, "Go to sleep Babe, and rest easy. You and Bailey have to go to work tomorrow. The guys and I have work of our own. You will be safe. By the way, you looked wonderful tonight. I saw all the heads turn to look at you as we walked along the pier. It made me proud to be with you and I must confess I don't want to share you with Lance."
"Then don't, Babe. You said yourself that he grows bored with his women and they vanish." I told him, running my fingers along his muscular chest.
"You won't. Now go to sleep" he said wearily as he dozed off leaving me alone with my thoughts.
He had mentioned heads turning to look at me. The last time I could recall so many heads turning was when Bailey and I had attended an amateur night at a local strip club and, having had too much to drink, Bailey easily convinced me to enter. I closed my eyes and recalled walking out on the stage towards the pole stripping as I approached it and throwing my clothes to men in the audience. Everyone's head turned to see me as I twirled around the pole and greeted each man on the side of the stage in only my thong. If a man reached up with a tip, I would bend over to let him place it wear he liked and then sit on the stage in front of him, spread my legs and thrust my hips up and down while my tits jiggled and then I would crawl to the next man and go spread eagle for him. When my song was about to end, I stood, pulled all the money from my thong and ripped it from my body. As the torn thong lay on the stage with all my earnings, I made one last dance along the runway and set at the end with my legs spread wide, grabbed my ankles , stood bent over and turned to allow the men the entire view of my spread ass all the way to my clit. I let go of my ankles and ran my hands up my silky legs, tight ass, around to my clit and up to my tits and pinched my nipples just as my song ended. Much to my surprise, the stage was covered with cash for me to bend over and pick up as I made my exit listening to the round of applause from the crowd and them begging for more.
Bailey was waiting for me backstage so amazed and excited at what I had done when I walked off and said, "Damn girl! You should get an agent and model." What she didn't know was that I was already doing some nude modeling for Jake, a friend of ours who was a visual arts major.
As I began to recall my first meeting with the modeling group, I dozed off in Reggie's arms.