It was late August, the time almost 9pm. The sun had gone down and dusk had arrived.
She turned her car off the main road and pulled onto the drive outside her house. Glancing in the rear view mirror she adjusted her dark brown hair before removing the keys from the ignition, opening the door and climbing out of her car. She carried her keys in her hand searching for the correct key to unlock the door. Concentrating on finding the key she almost failed to notice the note pinned to the front door. She looked at the note puzzled and noticed the word "Wife" written on the front. Still puzzled she removed the note from the door. She opened the envelope and removed the small piece of paper which had been folded up and placed inside. Still confused she unfolded the piece of paper to reveal its content.
"My Darling Wife
Tonight I have a little surprise in store for you. If you do as I say you will have the most amazing evening, like you have never experienced before. I make it clear that you will not want to do everything I tell you to. But please know, you will not be harmed and you will not be put in danger. Ultimately, the choice is yours. If you decide to accept the challenge I would ask for your full commitment. If you do not, now is the time to back out."
She felt a mixture of emotions. Initially confusion. What was this all about? Her mind began to race. What did her husband have in store? Usually her husband sought to be controlled and she was unfamiliar with relinquishing control. What should she do? Intrigue started to get the better of her. She needed to know. She read on.
"You must decide. All the entrances to the house are locked. You have 2 ways of gaining entry. Firstly, if you do not accept the challenge stop reading this note now and post it through the letter box. I will unlock the door and you can walk into the house as normal. You will never know what you missed out on.
Only read on if you accept the challenge."
She paused, thinking. What was this about? What would he make her do? She was concerned. She knew her husband had a pretty wild imagination. She didn't realise it at first but she was starting to become excited by the prospect of the unknown. The thought of never finding out what her husband had in store was too much for her. She was in!
"If you are reading this you have decided to accept the challenge. This is a final chance to back out. If you carry on reading you acknowledge that you will follow all of my instructions."
"I will" she said to herself.
"Ok, I suspect your curiosity is peaked and you could not resist the desire to find out what I have in store for you.
To gain access to the house you must post your panties through the letter box. You may return to the car to remove them, but any items of clothing that you have to remove to take off you panties must stay off. After you have posted your panties get back in the car and await further instruction by text message"
As soon as she read the instruction she wondered whether she had made the correct decision. She was stood outside her house situated on a main road and her husband was asking her to take off her panties! She looked down at what she was wearing. If only she had worn a dress or a skirt! She had on a pair of tight leggings. There was one thing for sure she wouldn't be able to remove her panties without taking those off! However, her top was fairly long. Still, way too short to be considered a dress, but long enough to cover her bum, she hoped!
Could she do this? Could she really remove her leggings and panties in the car on the front of her house, then walk to her front door and post them. She must. She had agreed. She knew how excited her husband would be. She didn't want to let him down. Her adrenaline was pumping and she felt a tingle of excitement between her legs.
She slowly slid the leggings down, lifting them over her high heels. They were off. She sat there, feeling the cold car seat on her bum. She paused and built up some further courage. Lifting her bum off the seat she hooked her thumbs into the waist band of her panties and quickly slid them down, over her knees and off. She instinctively pulled down on her top. It wasn't as long as she thought!
Now for the difficult part. She looked around checking that nobody was around. She couldn't see anyone. She opened the car door and felt the draught of fresh air on her naked pussy. It felt cold. She reached down and touched it. She was surprised at how wet she had become.
She took her first step out of the car. She didn't remember the wind being as strong. The bottom of her top blew in the wind exposing her naked ass to anyone that might be looking. She felt excited. She decided it best not to hang around and quickly set off for the door. The gravel underneath her feet crunched. She panicked that the sound might cause a neighbour to peer out of their window and see her. She arrived at the front door. Holding her panties in one hand, she had to use her other hand to open the letterbox. It dawned on her that she would not have a free hand to hold her top in place. She let go of her top to open the letter box. As she did a gust of wind caught her loose top blowing it up around her tummy. She was fully exposed for the world to see. She pushed her panties though the letter box and quickly pulled her top back down to cover herself as best she could. It barely covered her. Heart racing, she ran back to the car and jumped in.
On the other side of the door her grinning husband picked up her panties. He examined them and was pleased to find the signs of her excitement. He was unsure if she would accept the challenge but was delighted that she had. His erection grew at the thought of what he had in store for her. Would she continue to obey or would she back out. Only time would tell!
He took out his phone and began writing the text which contained her next set of instructions.
She felt the phone vibrate in her hand. The text was short.
"Go around the back of the house. Your next instruction is pinned to the back door"
To get to the back of the house she would have to walk down the passage that ran between her own house and that of her neighbour. Could she really walk down that passage dressed like this? What if the neighbour looked out of his window or worse still came out? She knew the chances were slim but there was a chance. She had to do it. She took a deep breath, looked around to check there was no one around before opening the door and making her move. She walked quickly, but did not run as she did not wish to attract any unnecessary attention. She passed the window of her neighbour's house. The curtains were open. She couldn't help but glance in. They were there, sat on their sofa. Her heart beat faster but she knew that from where they were sat they would only be able to see the top half of her body. They would never know that if there window sill was a few inches lower they would have had an unobstructed view of her now very wet pussy.
She opened the gate and was about to step onto the back yard when she remembered the security light. If she triggered the sensor the back yard would be fully illuminated and so would she! Would her husband have left it turned on? She didn't think so but she couldn't take that chance. If she walked close to the house then there was a chance she could get to the back door without activating it. She hugged the wall and slowly made her way to the back door. The back door was a double glass door and as described in the text she received only minutes earlier, pinned to it was a second note.
The back of the house was in darkness. She couldn't see in through the windows. However, she knew her husband would be stood in the shadows watching her every move. The thought of him watching her spurred her on. She knew he liked to be put in compromising situations himself. She also knew how excited watching his wife in a vulnerable position would get him.
She unfolded the note. It was getting dark and it was difficult to read. She used the light from her mobile telephone to read what it said.
"You are doing well my beautiful wife. Know that watching you is making my cock grow hard. In time you will see the effect your actions have had on me. For now, you must follow a further instruction before you will be allowed to enter the house."
Her mid raced. What would she have to do now? What else could he expect her to do!
"You must move directly in front of the glass doors so I can see you. You must strip off your remaining clothes very slowly. Each item you remove you must post into the house through the cat flap. Once you are completely naked you must stand with your back to the door. Your arms must be by your side. You must not cover yourself up. You next instruction will come by text."
He couldn't do this to her. If she followed his instruction she would be locked outside her own house naked, with no clothes to put on. To make matters worse, her back yard was over looked by the property behind. If they were to look out of their window they would see her in all her glory. She hesitated. It was getting dark. She had still managed to avoid triggering the security light. If she could strip without setting it off then even if they did look out they wouldn't be able to see her very clearly.
Could she do it? Yes, she had to. She moved in front of the glass doors and slowly pulled her top up over her head. Her top came off and she held it in her hand. She bent over to pass the top through the cat flap as instructed. As she bent she felt the breeze against her wet pussy lips. She knew anyone looking at her from behind would have had an unobstructed view. This thought ran through her mind and she was surprised when she felt a tingling sensation between her legs.
After she had posted her top she stood up and reached behind her back to unclasp her bra, which was her last remaining item of clothing. She unclipped the fastener and lowered the bra exposing her beautifully firm breasts. As soon as she lowered the bra she felt the cold air on her nipples which immediately stood to attention. She knew how her husband loved to see her erect nipples and smiled to herself, knowing the pleasure he must be getting from watching her do this. She posted her bra through the cat flap.
She had done it. Apart from her heels, which she knew her husband would want her to leave on, she was now fully naked. As instructed she turned her back to the glass door and put her arms by her side. She did not cover herself up. She was getting braver. The feeling of releasing control and being exposed was seriously beginning to turn her on. Her pussy was getting wetter and the tingling sensation between her legs was growing. As she stood their she resisted the urge to place her hand between her legs and touch herself.
From inside the house her husband watched. In reality he never expected his wife would get this far. Yet she was stood outside completely naked for the world to see. He smiled noting that she had left her shoes on. He knew she had done that for him and he liked it. His cock was straining in his shorts. He could feel the pre cum leaking out. He couldn't help taking himself in his hand and stroking his cock whilst he watched his beautiful wife. He must control himself. He had another text to write. Would she follow this next instruction? He was unsure, but he started to type.
"You are the most amazing wife a man could ask for. You have done so well to get this far. You are only 1 step away from gaining entry to the house and discovering what awaits you inside."
What did await her inside? What did he have in mind for her? She needed to know. More than that she needed to get in. She was seriously turned on and she needed an orgasm!
"The key for the door is outside already. It is on the bench by the side of the shed. Next to it is a blindfold. To get in all you have to do is walk over to the key and pick it up along with the blindfold. You must then walk back to the door at which point you may unlock and open it. However, before you enter the house you must put on the blindfold. P.S I said walk. You must resist the urge to run"
That didn't sound too difficult, she thought. She could do that. Then it hit her. To get to the key she would have to walk over the lawn. As soon as she stepped away from the house the security light sensor would detect her and when it did she would be lit up. Would he have left it turned on? She knew she would be fully exposed to all the neighbours if he had. She was nervous, but at the same time excited. What would happen when she stepped onto the lawn?
She slowly started to walk towards the bench where the key and the blindfold were placed. She desperately wanted to run, but she knew her husband would be watching. His instructions were quite specific on the point. She was now a few meters away from the house and the light still hadn't come on. Had he turned it off? One more step revealed the answer. She heard a click and immediately the garden was filled with light. She was naked and the bright light was shining on her. All her instincts told her to run, to cover herself up. But she did neither. She bravely and slowly continued her slow walking journey. She looked at the windows of the neighbouring properties to check if anyone was looking. If they were, there was nothing she could do now.
She arrived at her destination where she saw the key and the blindfold. Unlike the instructions they were not on the bench but on the floor underneath it. She was unsure if her husband had placed them here on purpose or whether they had blown off. Either way she was going to have get on all fours to retrieve them. That would mean her head would be down and her naked ass and pussy would be in the air for all to see. The tingling between her legs continued, her heart raced and she felt herself getting wetter with each second.
He watched her through the glass door. He had placed the key on the floor under the bench. He knew it would be difficult for her to get. He saw her crouch down on all fours. Her ass was in the air. Was she spreading her legs on purpose to give him a better view? He thought she was. She was getting into this. He watched her reach further under the bench to retrieve the key. His wife's pussy looked amazing. He could tell how wet she was as he saw her pussy lips glisten in the light.
As she reached under the seat she smiled. She had deliberately opened her legs to give her husband a better view of her wet pussy. She knew that would excite him. She lingered in this position a little longer than necessary to allow her husband to get a good look at her. She didn't want to disappoint him.
She retrieved the key and blindfold and slowly stood up. Her worries about being seen had long since gone. She was enjoying the feeling of being out in the open air naked. She boldly and confidently walked back across the garden to the door. She placed the key in the locked and turned it. She heard the door lock click open. She opened the door and was about to walk through when she remembered the blindfold. She looked into the dark house but she could not see her husband. As instructed, she tied the blindfold around her eyes and stepped into the house. What would happen next? She had no idea. The thought sent a tingle through her pussy. At least now she was inside, what every happened would be private between her and her husband. Or would it?
..........to be continued....