It was the Saturday after Thanksgiving and I was exhausted. I had been up since 5:00 a.m. because I had (foolishly) volunteered to drive my sister and her family to the airport in time to make their 7:30 flight back to Phoenix. And instead of just going back to my hotel and getting a couple more hours of sleep (after a long night of drinking the night before), I decided to swing by my parents' house and see if anyone was up. Sure enough, my parents were both up, and we started chatting and cleaning up from the festivities of the past few days and before I knew it I had to hurry back to the hotel so I could check out on time and then begin my six-hour drive home.
I could have flown – it's only about a 75-minute flight from the city where I grew up to where I have lived for the past 27 years – but the crowded airports would add at least three hours to the experience. I preferred the extra couple hours of travel time – spent in the solitude of my SUV with the company of podcasts – to the aggravation of the crowded and dirty airports.
I got home at about 7:30 p.m., just in time to take a quick shower and go to meet my friends Karen and Sophie at a slightly upscale Italian restaurant for dinner. You're probably wondering how it is that a guy my age was friends with two women roughly half my age. Well I'll tell you.
§
Two or three years out of college I got a slightly above entry-level job at the local office of a large and prestigious business consulting firm. And I worked there for a very long time and rose through the ranks probably a little faster than most. Even though I was very good at my job, I never completely fit in at that firm because, quite simply, I am not an asshole. I knew going in that the place had a reputation of being a den of jerks, but it was a resume builder that would eventually permit me the opportunity to quit and open my own firm.
I had worked there about fifteen years when Karen got a job there working in the mailroom. She was a high school student at the time, and she got the job because her aunt was one of the office managers. This firm always used high-school and college kids for the mailroom and they were usually the children of senior associates or shareholders in the firm. The job was pretty easy, and the prestige of the firm's name made it look better on a resume or college application than the complexity of the job warranted.
But because Karen was related to an administrative employee rather than "professional," she seemed to be treated a little worse than the other mailroom staff. That's how big of assholes the rank and file employees of that firm were. As I mentioned, I am not an asshole. So I treated Karen with respect and was friendly towards her in a non-condescending way. And over the time that she was working there she and I became friends. She would always bring me my mail last so that we could chat for a while when she stopped by my office. She would ask my advice on everything from homework to college applications to why high school boys are such idiots. I looked forward to our daily chats.
Eventually Karen graduated and went off to college. She went to a public university a couple of states away – one of the colleges that she and I discussed multiple times before she applied, and she only applied after I said it was a good fit for her. As it turned out, one of my clients had its main office in the city where her college was located, and I had to travel there on business about five or six times a year. So almost every time I made that trip, I would make time to have lunch or dinner or just drinks with her.
It was over the course of these trips that I noticed Karen had grown up. She'd gone from being a gangly, awkward kid to being quite the attractive young woman. She was (and still is) tall with long strawberry blonde hair, green eyes, freckles, C-cup breasts and a nice round ass. I had little doubt she was a distraction to multiple guys in her classes.
It was also on these trips that I first met Karen's friend Sophie. Sophie is almost the opposite of Karen as far as looks go. Sophie is short, with dark hair, light-brown eyes, A-cup breasts, and an ass that some people would say is slightly large but I always thought that it suited her well. The best word to describe Sophie is "cute." She is cute both in looks and in personality. She has a mix of naivete and worldliness that brings a refreshing viewpoint to pretty much any conversation.
During Karen's junior year of college, I quit my job and opened my own firm, which had been my plan since about the time I started that job. My client in that college town liked my work so well that they remained my client even after I'd started my own firm, so my business trips continued, and I saw Karen and Sophie on every trip.
After they graduated, Karen moved back home and got a state job in public health. Our schedules did not mesh well, but we still managed to have lunch or dinner once a month. Sophie, who had grown up in the city where the college was located, stayed there and got a job in the arts, helping to plan exhibits, concerts, plays, and the like in public-owned spaces.
§
So that's how I know them. On the night of our story, Sophie was in town to spend the holiday with Karen and her family. (Sophie's parents had been able to book a really nice Mediterranean vacation, but to get the best price they had to travel the week of Thanksgiving. So Sophie had celebrated her "family Thanksgiving" a week early.) I arrived at the restaurant first and was waiting in the bar area when Karen and Sophie showed up. Both were wearing tight black skirts, Karen with a red button-up blouse and Sophie with a black turtleneck. We exchanged hello hugs and sat down.
Almost immediately I informed them that I would have to make an early night of it because I had been up since 5:00 and had not had much sleep the night before. Karen and Sophie were fully in support of that plan – it seems that they had been at a club until two o'clock the night before and then decided to split a bottle of wine after getting back to Karen's apartment. So they were looking forward to getting to bed early, too. The place was very crowded so we grabbed a menu from the bartender so we could order as soon as we were seated. The hostess found us just a few minutes later and escorted us to our table. It was a square table for four. Sophie sat to my left and Karen across from me.
Our server came over and introduced herself as Doris. She was young, probably 19 or 20, with blonde hair and blue eyes. Here loosely fitting white blouse seemed to cover an attractive figure and her black pants definitely let me know that she had a nice ass. I thought her name was sort of funny because she was so young and "Doris" seems like a name that hasn't been used in a couple generations or more. But I kept that thought to myself (until now).
I got the distinct impression that Doris was new to the job. She stumbled over her introduction, mispronounced at least two words when describing the day's specials, and she offered merlot as an option when Sophie asked what types of white wine they had. But serving can be a hard job and I admired the way she seemed to be trying so hard.
We ordered our food and Sophie ordered a glass of chardonnay and I ordered some craft beer I had never tried before. Karen just ordered water because she was on-call for work. She was being groomed for a management position at the Department of Public Health and that involved working four-month stints at various positions within the department. Her current assignment was working as a 9-1-1 operator. That involved working twelve-hour shifts, but she only worked three days a week. And, of course, she had really great stories about work. Karen ensured us that there was almost no chance that she would be called in that night because in the three months she had been working in that position no on-call employee had ever been called in for any shift.
We started chatting and getting caught up when Sophie asked me "Why is it that your generation and the baby boomers are always making fun of us millennials?"
I was aware of the myriad of jokes about millennials that filled the internet and were bandied about at work, but, frankly, I never paid any attention to them. Probably because the only two millennials I actually knew were Karen and Sophie, who seemed to me to be normal, intelligent adults. So I said that I had no idea. To which Sophie replied, "Well what is different about your generation than ours do you think?"
I thought for a moment and then remembered a conversation I overheard at a bar about six months earlier between two women who, from what I gathered, had kids who were seniors in high school. So I asked Karen and Sophie if they had gone to their senior proms, and both responded that they had.
"Who did you go with Karen?" I asked.
"Let's see, as I recall it was my friends Ann, Kristin, Tommy, Jeff, and Beth."
"Okay, who did you go with, Sophie?"
"Gosh a bunch of people. Like eight or so? I'd have to think a while to remember them all."
"Well, that's one big difference, as I understand it," I said. "When I was in high school and college, we actually dated and didn't just go out with a group of people. We had girlfriends and boyfriends and people went out on dates with just one significant other person."
"We do that, too," said Karen.
"When was the first time you went out on a date with just one other person?" I inquired.
"Mmmmm, I guess not until my sophomore year of college. Second semester."
"And you, Sophie?" I asked.
"College. Junior year," she said almost as if she was making a confession.
"Well, I guess that's one difference. My generation and the generations before jumped right into the awkward rituals of one-on-one romance as soon as we reached adolescence instead of remaining in the warm safety of the herd until we were 20," I said.
"People in our high schools were still having sex and everything," Sophie defended.
"I don't doubt that," I admitted, "but how many long-term, at least somewhat serious 'couples' were there?"
"Hardly any," Sophie admitted.
"I can only think of one," said Karen, "and they were both from really religious families."
"I'm not necessarily saying one way was better than the other," I consoled them, "We were looking for differences in our generations and that's one of them."
"Did you have a girlfriend in high school?" Sophie asked.
"I went out with a few girls and had two pretty serious girlfriends, one as a junior and the other as a senior. At least I thought they were serious at the time"
"How did you go about asking a girl out once you decided you liked her?" Sophie followed.
"Ooooh, THAT was the tricky thing," I said. "You didn't want to, or at least I didn't want to, ask a girl out unless you were pretty sure that she would say yes. So a lot of time that involved getting YOUR friends to make some inquiries to HER friends to measure her interest. If there was no interest, well then you were still a little embarrassed but at least you didn't feel humiliated."
Karen and Sophie both laughed out loud at that.
"That seems like an awful lot of work for a lot of people to go through just so you could end up still feeling a little bit embarrassed!" Karen said, sneaking a sip of Sophie's wine.
"Yeah, well sometimes it was more organic. Like if you knew a girl because you had multiple classes with her and she was always a little friendlier to you than she was to the other boys, then you might test the waters yourself by engaging in a little innocent flirting," I answered.
"You mean people in your high school weren't always friendly to everyone?" asked Sophie.
"They were at my high school," responded Karen.
"Unfortunately, no. And ironically, it seemed like the least friendly ones were the ones who had the most sex," I answered.
"Don't take this the wrong way, Mike," Karen said with a smile on her face, "but I bet you didn't have much sex in high school."
We all laughed at that comment and I admitted that no, I did not have much sex in high school.
"You said you would engage in some 'innocent flirting' if you thought a girl liked you," Sophie said. "How did you do that? What would you say or do?"
"Well, one of the old standby flirting techniques was you would buy some M&M's at the basketball game, and then nonchalantly work your way through the crowd until you were next to her, and ask her if she would like some M&M's. She would almost always say yes, and then you would reach into the bag and give her a few, making sure that she only got green ones," I explained.
The girls exploded with laughter.
"What the hell did THAT prove?" asked Sophie, with a huge smile.
"Green is supposedly the 'horny color,'" I explained, "so offering her green M&M's was, on one level, you saying you want to make her not only horny but horny for you. But on a more innocent level it was just a way of saying 'I like you.'"
Karen was tapping away on her phone as I explained this and after I stopped talking she said "Oh my god, that's a real thing! People actually did that!"
Sophie laughed again and said "Okay, two things! First, you Gen-Xers are total dorks!"
Karen and Sophie both laughed at that. Sophie continued "Second, it is an almost unexplainable scientific fluke that you dorky Gen-Xers could have children as cool as us millennials!"
Karen raised her water glass in a toasting motion to that and Sophie clinked her wine glass against it and they both drank. I made a slight toasting motion with my beer glass as well and took a sip.
"Oh, and one more thing," Sophie continued, "did it only work with M&M's or would anything green work?
"I never did any real research into the matter," I told her, "but I imagine it would work with green Starburst or green jelly beans. Probably wouldn't work with brussels sprouts."
"Starburst don't come in green," Karen said matter-of-factly.
"How do you know that?" asked Sophie.
"Everyone knows that," replied Karen. At that moment Karen's phone, which was lying face-up on the table, rang and Karen looked down at it. "Oh fuck."
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"It's work." Karen picked up the phone. We only heard her end of the conversation. It was brief.
"This is Karen... oh no, is she alright?... Thank goodness... Sure, I can cover... Yeah. I'll be there in 30 minutes... No problem... Bye."
"You got called in to work, didn't you?" I asked.
"Yep." She was already on her phone ordering a Lyft.
"You cursed it by saying you wouldn't get called in!" lamented Sophie.
"Yep. And boy NOW do I regret drinking until three o'clock in the morning last night. You can let yourself into the apartment can't you?" she asked Sophie?
"Sure." She replied.
"And I can drive her there," I offered.
"Thanks," replied Karen. "Well, I'll be home about 9:30 in the morning, Soph, see ya then." We all stood up and Sophie and I each hugged Karen and took our seats again.
"Well that's a bummer," I said more to the universe than to Sophie.
"Oh well, we can still have fun," responded Sophie to me, not caring if the universe heard. She raised her glass and I raised mine and we continued talking.
The green M&M talk led rather naturally to talk our current romantic situations. Sophie had a boyfriend she had been seeing for about four months, but she was not really into him and was measuring the pros and cons of breaking up with him during the holiday season. I told her that I had rarely dated in the past few years because running my own business left so little free time, and I often didn't know when my free time would present itself. As Sophie began the expected response about "you should really find time to date you're good looking and so nice," I noticed Doris approaching with a large tray of food. It appeared to be for a table other than ours, because it was definitely more food than the three of us had ordered. As I turned my eyes back to Sophie, whose back was to Doris, I suddenly saw what seemed like a meteor shower of white and red and green come hurtling directly towards us.
Doris (poor Doris) had tripped or slipped on something, and the tray of food for at least four people had been inadvertently launched onto our table – and onto Sophie and me. I saw it coming for a split second and was able to quickly move back a little before the full brunt of the hurricane of Tuscan cuisine made land. Sophie, who'd had her back to Doris, was not so lucky. The aftermath was a disaster scene of epic proportion.
"Are you okay?" I asked. Sophie had a look of shock and confusion on her face and several strands of angel's hair pasta draped on her shoulders and head.
"What... the fuck... just happened?" she responded.
"Doris is still getting the hang of her job," I replied. "You didn't get hit by any plates or bowls, did you?"
Fortunately, she had not and instead had just gotten hit by the equivalent of what looked to be two full plates of pasta. Her hair was dripping with what appeared to be marinara sauce, which also was running down her face and covering her black turtleneck. I had gotten some on my face, hair, and shirt, but only a fraction of what she had gotten.
By now a small army of waitstaff, bussers, and kitchen employers had gathered around and began cleaning, and Doris was exasperatedly apologizing to Sophie and me. "Come on, let's go try to get you cleaned up," I said, and Sophie and I began making our way to the restrooms. I told Doris not to worry about it and asked if we could get our orders to-go.
This restaurant has unisex restrooms with a large shared sink outside of the restrooms. Sophie had brushed off all of the noodles back at the table and we began trying to clean the sauce off with wet paper towels. It came off of her face rather easily, but not so with her hair and sweater. We got her cleaned up as best we can and went back to our table to find Doris waiting for us with our orders boxed up and waiting for us. I took out my wallet to pay for the food and drinks, but Doris quickly said "There's no charge tonight. I am SO sorry for what happened."
I smiled and said, "It's okay. At least we got a funny story out of it."
A look of relief came over Doris' face and she mustered a smile and offered a sheepish "Thank you." I set a twenty-dollar bill on the table for a tip and we exited the restaurant. Neither of us had worn a coat, Sophie because she expected to only need to walk from the door to a waiting Lyft on either end of the trip, and me because I was in a hurry and had forgotten. Luckily my SUV was parked just a block away. We walked quickly to the vehicle and got in.
We'd gone less than a block when Sophie said, "Oh fuck!'
"What's the matter?" I asked.
"I just remembered that I took Karen's extra key out of my purse this afternoon so I wouldn't accidentally take it home with me. I figured I would be with her all of tonight until she took me to the airport tomorrow morning so I didn't need it anymore."
"So you can't get into her apartment?"
"Nope."
"Well that's not a problem," I told her reassuringly. "I have my extra bedroom set up as a home office, but I have a fold-out sofa bed in the living room that you can sleep on and I'll drive you back to Karen's in the morning."
"Are you sure it's not too much of a problem, Mike?"
"Not at all. I have no plans tomorrow anyway."
"Thanks. You're the best," Sophie said with a cute smile.
It took about ten minutes to get to my condo. I parked in the underground lot and we took the elevator to the eighth floor. Once we got in my door I pointed and said "The bathroom is that way. Let me grab some dish towels from the kitchen." Sophie headed for the bathroom and I dropped off our food in the fridge and grabbed some towels. When I got to the bathroom, Sophie had the faucet in the sink running and was trying to hold her hair under the water. I took a dish towel and got it wet and tried to rub her hair to get more of the sauce out. It was not going well. Sophie took her head out from under the sink and pointed towards the bathtub and said, "Does that thing work?" with her finger pointing up and down between the shower head and the tub faucet.
I should explain that the shower in my bathroom is the same as the showers you've seen in hundreds of homes and hotel rooms in your life. There's a bathtub with the water controls, faucet, and showerhead on one wall. Usually with such accommodations there is a decorative cloth shower curtain that hangs outside of the tub and a vinyl shower-curtain liner that hangs inside the tub. But I do not use the cloth shower curtain because I get a little bit claustrophobic being in such a small area without being able to see out in any direction. And for the same reason, I always use clear shower-curtain liners. That is how Sophie was able to see into the shower and point at the faucet and shower head.
So, as I was saying, Sophie asked "Does that thing work?"
"You mean the shower?"
"Yeah."
"Of course it works."
"Then that is the answer to our problems." And with that Sophie unabashedly pulled her turtleneck over her head and dropped it on the floor.
Now one thing I've learned in my life is that if you are in a room with one or more other adults and one of them decides without coercion to take off his or her clothes, there is no need for you to excuse yourself. And it's also okay to discreetly take a look at what is being revealed. Doesn't matter if it's a locker room, a bedroom, a sauna, or this very situation I found myself in that night.
Sophie was wearing a black bra under her turtleneck, and she nonchalantly reached behind her and unclasped it and let it drop on top of her turtleneck. Her breasts were small but pert and the nipples appeared to be more than partially erect. Next she unzipped her skirt and let it drop to the floor, revealing a pair of red boyshort panties that accentuated the roundness of her ass. But within two seconds she had bent over and removed those as well. She stood fully naked before me and her naked ass was not as large as I had always thought of it. In fact, it was as close to perfect as any I had seen, and I could not take my eyes off it as she stepped into the tub.
"I'll grab you a fresh towel and something to wear to bed," I said, and I heard her say "Thanks so much" as I walked out of the room. I opened the linen closet and grabbed the clean towel off the top of the stack. It was dark green. Then I went to my bedroom closet and grabbed a t-shirt off the top of the stack – a white v-neck – and some navy-blue gym shorts. I returned to the bathroom and set them on the vanity. I could see the left side of Sophie's naked body in the shower, only slightly blurred by the steam forming on the shower-curtain liner. She had her face in the stream of water and was running her fingers through her hair, no doubt trying to get rid of every last drop of marinara.
"Since we missed dinner tonight, and leftover Italian is never that great, how about we get up at 7:30 in the morning and go out to breakfast?" I suggested. "Afterwards I will drop you off at Karen's. It should be about time for her to get home by then,".
"That would be great, I don't think I ever want Italian again" replied Sophie, turning towards me as she spoke so that I could see the outlines of her areolas. They were dark and small and I wondered if they were always that way or if her nipples were erect and causing them to look that way.
"Okay, I'll set the alarm," I said as I walked out the door to go to get the sofa bed ready.
I grabbed some pillows from my bedroom and a clean blanket and set of sheets from the linen closet and went to get the bed in order. When I was nearly finished, I heard a plaintive cry of "Miiiiiiiike" coming from the bathroom. I went down the hall, stepped into the bathroom and asked, "What's wrong?"
Sophie was directly facing me from the shower, her full-frontal form slightly obscured by steam. I could see not only her full breasts but also the patch of dark pubic hair between her legs. She was holding a bottle upside down and shaking it.
"You're out of shampoo!"
I laughed a little. I remembered that I had used the last of that bottle on Wednesday before I left town and hadn't bothered replacing it at the time. I opened the cabinet under the sink and grabbed a new bottle and said "Got ya covered."
Sophie stuck her right arm out from around the curtain, took the shampoo, and said "I sort of knew ya would."
I went back and finished making the bed. Just as I was turning down the covers, Sophie walked into the living room in my gym shorts and t-shirt, finishing drying her hair with the green towel. I noticed that the white-v-neck t-shirt fit her much differently than it fit me, which was only natural considering that I am ten inches taller than her and have much broader shoulders. The short sleeves came down past her elbows and the v-neck dipped far enough that one breast was clearly on each side of the tip of the V. And her nipples were quite clearly erect. I did not know whether they were erect from being aroused, of perhaps she was cold after just getting out of the shower, or maybe she was one of those girls whose nipples are naturally erect all the time.
"Okay, this should get you through the night," I said. "I am going to take a quick shower because I also have some spaghetti sauce in my hair, although I didn't get it nearly as bad as you. I will come out and say good night when I'm done."
"Great, and thanks again," she replied, climbing under the covers. "You're a life saver."
I went to my bedroom and took off my shirt and socks. When I took off my pants and boxer briefs, I noticed that my cock was "awake." It wasn't erect, but it hung heavy. "Not surprising," I thought.
My bedroom is only a few steps from the bathroom and you can't see either door from the living room, so I did not bother covering up for the short walk. I noticed that Sophie's clothes were still on the floor. I picked up the skirt, folded it, and set it on the vanity. I did the same with the sweater, and then picked up the bra and panties. I tossed the bra on top of the sweater and was about to do the same with the panties but for some reason paused. I noticed they were damp to the touch. I wondered if that was from being in a steamy bathroom for ten minutes or if they had become damp from the inside. I almost brought them to my face to smell them, but then I caught myself.
"Hold on, Mike," I thought to myself. "This isn't that sort of situation. She's a friend, and a guest, and she's had a bad night and is in a bit of a jam. Just take care of her and make sure she gets back safe to Karen's tomorrow."
I tossed the panties on the sweater and got in the shower. I gave myself a quick once over with the soap, but I had just taken a shower before going to the restaurant so that was not real necessary. The real job was getting the smell of an Italian restaurant off my head. I had just closed my eyes and put my face under the showerhead when I was startled by an unexpected voice just a few feet away,
"Mike, do you have a toothbrush I can use? I can't go to sleep without brushing my teeth first."
It was Sophie and she was standing just inside the bathroom door. I realized that I could see her from within the shower just as clearly as I had seen her in the shower from without. And I had no doubt that she could see me just as clearly.
"Sure," I replied. "On the middle shelf of the medicine cabinet there should be a few toothbrushes, new in box. Help yourself to whichever one you want."
She moved forward a couple steps so she would be in front of the medicine cabinet and reached up and opened the door. I notice that she had to stand on her tip toes to see what she was reaching for.
"Are you sure this is okay? I mean, I'm not going to find any embarrassing old man medications in here, am I?"
"Old man?" I answered. "I'm only 48. That wasn't old last time I checked."
"Okay, that's fine. You would know better than I do what old is. I'm gonna use the green one."
I smiled at the fact that she felt comfortable enough to give me shit like that. "The toothpaste is there on the counter, as I'm sure you've noticed."
I began applying shampoo to my hair and out of the corner of my eye I saw Sophie unwrap the toothbrush and put toothpaste on it. She ran it under the water for a second and put it in her mouth and brushed for a few seconds before taking it out again.
"How come you never got married?" she asked me through a mouthful of toothpaste foam. I noticed she was facing me and looking directly at me through the shower curtain, seemingly oblivious to my nakedness.
I decided that since I had taken the opportunity to quietly observe her nude form while she was showering, I would give her the same opportunity. I turned to face her directly as I continued to lather my hair. I'm not ashamed of my body. I'm no Adonis, but I keep myself in pretty good shape with aerobic and resistance training. I'm only twelve pounds heavier than I was in college, and it's distributed pretty evenly over my six-foot frame. And I was glad my cock was "awake" instead of turtled up like it sometimes gets in the shower.
"Well I've never really thought of it, I guess," I answered, truthfully. She continued brushing while I continued talking. There was a small amount of steam distorting my vision, but it looked to me as if her eyes were moving up and down although her head remained still as I spoke. "I've dated enough, but getting married was never a goal of mine so I was never out looking for a wife. I figured if the right girl ever came along, I could reassess my goals at that time. So far, hasn't happened."
Sophie spat into the sink. "You're not only old, you're also wise. I knew people in college who were obviously there to find a spouse and not get an education and have actual fun, which is what Karen and I were there for. That's why we're not married either."
"You're too young to get married."
"I agree," she replied as she filled my water glass from the vanity and took a swig before spitting most of it back in the sink. "I'll be in the living room waiting to be tucked in," she said with a smile before picking up her clothes off the vanity and walking out the door.
I finished my shower and dried off. At that point I realized how exhausted I was from being up since 5:00 in the morning and I couldn't wait to get to bed. I brushed my teeth while still naked and then walked to my bedroom and went to the closet. I grabbed some light blue lounge pants and a black t-shirt, both off the tops of their respective stacks, and threw them on. I didn't bother with underwear because those were in the bottom drawer of my dresser a whole ten feet away and that seemed like too much effort to make under the circumstances. I stopped in the kitchen on my way to the living room and took two reusable water bottles from the cabinet. I put some ice cubes in each and topped them off with water. I set one on the counter and took the other to Sophie. She had the covers pulled up to her neck and looked very sleepy.
"Okay, here's some water in case you get thirsty. I left the nightlight on in the bathroom so you can find it. I will wake you up at 7:30 and we can get some pancakes."
"I can hardly wait," she replied. "Thanks again."
"My pleasure. See you I the morning."
I patted her on the head, which made her giggle, and turned off the lamp and went back to my bedroom, grabbing the other water bottle on the way. I climbed into bed, laying on my left side on the right half of the bed. As I reached up to turn off the light, I smiled at what a long and interesting day it had been. Then I was asleep within ten seconds.
§
I don't know how long I'd been asleep when I was awoken by someone gently shaking my right shoulder. I opened my eyes and, in the moonlight coming in through the window, saw Sophie standing next to my bed.
"Hey Sophie, what's up?"
"It's freezing out there. Can I sleep in here with you?"
"Oh, I'm sorry. Of course," I said, sliding towards the middle of the bed and raising the covers.
Sophie climbed in next to me, saying as she did so "It feels like there's a window open in the living room." Then I remembered that it had been unseasonably warm (low 50s) on Wednesday before I left so I had opened a window a few inches to let some fresh air in. It was now thirty degrees colder.
"I'll look into that in the morning," I told her as she snuggled in next to me until we were spooning. My left arm was underneath her neck and my right arm was draped over her torso. I pulled the covers up to our necks. We were cuddled up like a long-time couple even though that's not at all what we were.
"See you at 7:30," I said.
"Yes. 7:30. Pancakes. Good night"
Again, I was asleep within ten seconds.
§
I don't know how long I'd been sleeping when I was again woken up. This time by movement in the bed. Sophie appeared to be asleep, but it seemed as though she was ever so slightly grinding her ass against my crotch. My cock apparently had noticed this before my brain did, because it was at least 75% erect. I spent at least a minute laying perfectly still, wondering if she was dreaming or what? I then noticed that, without me even consciously instructing them to do so, my hips had begun ever so gently meeting her grinding. My cock was now fully erect and, despite the layers of cloth in between, had found its way to the crease between Sophie's ass cheeks so that the bottom of my shaft has hotdog bunning her ass.
At that point, Sophie's grinding became noticeably more pronounced, and instinctively my thrusting did so as well. Just as I decided that she must be dreaming and I'd better slide over a little so we were no longer touching, her right hand, which had been tucked up under her chin in the fetal position, grabbed my right wrist and moved my hand under her shirt (well, actually MY shirt that she was wearing) and put it on her left breast. So much for sliding over, but at least I now knew that she was not sleeping, and I was suddenly completely on board with what her obvious intentions were.
I began kissing her right ear and the right side of her neck as I fondled both of her breasts. Her nipples were obviously fully erect as I touched them. She reached her right arm over my torso and grabbed my right butt cheek and began to pull it toward her in rhythm with our grinding. This went on for about a minute before she partially rotated her torso back towards me so that her lips could meet my kiss and at the same time she put her right leg up over my legs (I was still laying on my left side).
Her mouth was warm and wet and our tongues jousted and tried to reach the entireties of each other's mouths. I took this opportunity to move my right hand down her flat stomach and under the waistband of my blue gym shorts that she was wearing. To my surprise, the red boyshort panties that she had been wearing when she undressed for her shower were nowhere to be found. Slowly I moved my hand over her pubic hair towards her pussy. I could feel moisture already on the hair closest to her slit. I place my entire hand over her muff and could feel its warmth. I moved my middle finger forward and I do not think that I had ever encountered such a wet pussy. My finger easily slid in, causing Sophie to briefly break our kiss and gasp.
We resumed kissing and I was able to easily insert a second finger, again causing Sophie to gasp. I began to move my fingers in and out to the same rhythm as our continued grinding while also gently rubbing her clit with the thumb of my right hand, Meanwhile, with my left hand, which was still under and around Sophie's torso, I did my best to massage her breasts, albeit through the fabric of the shirt she was wearing.
Sophie was finding it difficult to maintain focus on our kissing as I stimulated her muff with my right hand so she leaned her head way back, breathing through her mouth in erratic gasps. Just as I thought she was about to cum, she abruptly pulled my right hand away from her muff and rotated towards me so we were facing each other.
"Not yet. Must be naked." She was speaking in phrases rather than sentences as she reached and grabbed the sides of my t-shirt and pulled it up over my head. I raised my arms to help her and she tossed my shirt to the floor. I quickly returned the favor and the shirt she was wearing fell on top of mine. Sophie then grabbed the waistband of my lounge pants and urgently began pulling them towards my feet and I lifted my hips and thighs off the bed and then bent my knees towards my chest to again assist her, She tossed the lounge pants into the darkness and her hands went to either of my thighs. She dragged her hands up my thighs and to my cock, letting each hand both caress my balls and run up and down the length of the shaft once before continuing there way up my torso to my chest and resuming our kiss.
I gently but firmly rolled her over a quarter turn onto her back and gave her a deep, long kiss. I was on my knees with one knee on either side of her with my hips in the air and leaning down to kiss her. This permitted her to rub her hands up and down the front, side, and back of my torso as well as caress my shaft and cockhead. Then I sat up and, staying on my knees but moving them both so that they were between her thighs, and grabbed the sides of the gym shorts she was wearing with both hands. She, of course, knew what to do and lifted her butt off the bed permitting me to pull the shorts as far as her knees. She then placed he butt back on the bed and raised her legs permitting me to remove the shorts entirely.
She was now laying completely nude before me. The moonlight through the window provided enough light that I could see her clearly and her beautiful young form may have been the most stunning thing I have seen in my life. She was breathing through her mouth as she still continued to catch her breath from our activities, and her pretty eyes were moving slowly up and down between my erect cock, stomach, chest, and face, as I kneeled be fore her. Her pert breasts were glistening with a thin layer of perspiration, and her nipples were pointed straight at the ceiling. Her belly button seemed to smile at me, and her dark pubic hair reminded me that there was still much to learn.
I leaned in and kissed her mouth, allowing the full weight of my body to lay on her. Our kiss was more tender now instead of urgent. I moved slowly down her body, her neck, her breasts, which I lovingly licked and sucked, her stomach, her belly button, which I made sure to give attention to, the ever enticing space between her belly button and the top of her pubic hair, each hip, and finally, her muff.
I had one hand on each of her hips and she spread her legs slightly to invite me to the place that would give her the ultimate pleasure. I lifted my eyes to look at her face. Her head was on the pillow, her hands by her sides. She was looking me in the eyes with an expression that silently screamed of anticipation. I kissed the entire area that her pubic hair covered rather than heading straight for her clitoris and pussy. When I finally did let my tongue run the length of her slit, she let out a loud gasp. At the same time, her hands found mine and took them in a sort of kung-fu grip. I continued to lick up and down her silt a few times before focusing on her clit. At first I laid my tongue flat on her clit, causing movement more by slightly moving my head than by moving my tongue. Gradually that changed until I was moving the tip of my tongue in small circles on her clit, as prior girlfriends had trained me.
Sophie's breathing became progressively more rapid and shallow. And it did, her kung-fu grip on my hands became tighter and tighter. Finally, she arched her back and let out long moan, followed by a shorter moan, and then a series of five or six small yelps of decreasing volume as I stopped licking and instead just held my tongue flat against her clit. She then let go of my hands, placed on hand on either side of my head, and pulled my face to hers, kissing me deeply, our tongues renewing their dance, only this time it seemed as if she was trying to lick my tongue clean.
After about a minute of this, Sophie grabbed me by the shoulders and forcibly turned me over onto my back. (Well, I let her do that. But you understand.) She placed one hand on the front of each shoulder as she sat straddling my waist. She leaned in and kissed me for a few seconds before sitting back up. She then scooted lower on my torso and lifted her right leg into the air and, with her left hand still pinning my right shoulder to the bed, she took her right hand and began to guide my cock into her pussy.
"Okay, two things," she said.
"Whatever you want," I replied.
Just then my cockhead found her opening and she let out a low moan as she slid down over me until my entire cock was engulfed in her pussy.
"God, you feel great inside me."
"You feel great around me, too," I responded. "What's the second thing?
"No, that wasn't the first thing. That was just a spontaneous utterance.
"Oh. What's the first thing?"
"The first thing," she said as she slowly started to grind her pubic area against mine, stimulating her clit, "is tell me when you're about to cum."
"I can do that. Now what's the second thing?"
"The second thing," she said looking straight ahead with half-closed eyes, her lips barely moving, "is touch my butthole."
"My pleasure," I told her.
She leaned down and she closed her eyes and we kissed again, as she began to settle into a rhythm of grinding coupled with lifting and lowering her hips to create an in-and-out effect. Then she said to me, "Oh yeah, and one more thing," this time with her eyes open and looking me in my face.
"Sure, what?"
"Don't tell Karen about this."
"I wouldn't dream of telling her."
"Thanks."
With that, Sophie again sat up and settled into her rhythm. She had her hands pressed against my chest, just inside each of my nipples. Her eyes were closed, her head tilted slightly back, and her mouth open, breathing deeply. I met her rhythm with gentle but deep thrusts. She was rocking on me more than riding me, my cock never moving more than an inch or two in and out. But this permitted her to keep her pubic area and clit in contact with my pubic area, and, like I said, the thrusts were deep.
I placed my hands on Sophie's hips. I kept my left hand on her right hip, but I slowly moved my right hand down around and then underneath her left butt cheek until my middle finger could feel the base of my cock as it went further then shallower into Sophie's pussy. Sophie's pussy juices were abundant, and I patiently moved my finger from the base of my cock across that half inch or so space comprising Sophie's taint to her butthole, gathering more pussy juice each time,.
When I was sure her butthole was sufficiently lubed, I slowly inserted my finger about as far as the first knuckle. As I did so, Sophie gasped, briefly stopped her rocking motion, and seemed to quiver. But almost immediately she resumed her rocking motion.
I barely moved my finger, only inserting it slightly further into her butthole to ensure that it did not pop out. Quickly, Sophie seemed to figure out that my finger was for the most part stationary and she could control how far in and out of her butthole it went with her rocking motion. She soon found her preferred rhythm, and settled into a pace that had my finger going from one knuckle deep in her butthole to two knuckles deep, alternating with my cock going deeper and shallower into her pussy, with her clit in constant contact with my pubic area. Her face remained as it had been, with her eyes closed, head back, mouth open.
Shortly, Sophie's rhythm became faster and her breathing more rapid and shallow. I watched her face in awe. The pace of her rocking and breathing continued to increase steadily until suddenly her hips stopped completely and she leaned forward. I thought she was going to kiss me, but instead she pressed her face into the right side of my chest near my shoulder as she convulsed with jerky breaths, each one accompanied by slight whimpering noises. Finally, she went stiff for a moment. My fully erect cock was still in her pussy, and my right middle finger was still about two knuckles deep in her butthole. I could feel warm moisture on my chest, as if from tears.
We lay there silent for a minute as her breathing returned to normal, her face still pressed against my chest. Then she lifted her head slightly and looked me with a seemingly bewildered look on her face.
"Are you okay?" I asked her.
Immediately her look of bewilderment turned into a huge smile and she said, "I have to kiss you."
She brought her face to mine and kissed me ravenously. Then she grabbed my right forearm with her left had and pushed it away from our bodies, removing my finger from her butthole. She broke our kiss, put her hands on my chest again, and began moving her hips in fast and long motions, such that my cock would come almost all the way out of her before she thrust herself back down fully engulfing it. It was clear that she wanted to make me cum now, and it would not take long.
After about a minute and a half of this, I could feel my orgasm welling up in the back of my knees. I could tell it was going to be a big one. I let her continue for about thirty more seconds, and the time had come.
"Okay, I'm about to cum," I said between gasps of breath.
At that, Sophie lifted her hips all the way off me so that my cock came out of her pussy, and just as quickly as she did that she had my cock in her mouth just in time to catch my first spurt of cum. I was right about this being a big orgasm. I made multiple audible cries as my orgasm went on and on. I must have shot six spurts into Sophie's mouth. She kept her lips tightly around my cock the whole time, and even after I was done spurting I could feel her tongue licking my cock inside her mouth.
She finally took her mouth off my cock when my breathing returned to close to normal. But she wasn't done with me yet. She brought her head up and I could see that her lips were slightly pursed. She put one hand on either side of my ribcage and brought her face to mine, and I had no doubt what was coming.
She leaned in and kissed me and immediately my mouth was as full of my cum as hers. She immediately laid on her right side and pulled me to a position of laying on my left side so that the cum would be equally shared instead of all falling into my mouth. We kissed, our tongues swimming in my cum, until finally we had swallowed it all.
I reached down, found the covers with my right hand, and pulled them up until they were again at our necks, but this time we were laying face to face in each other's arms instead of spooning.
"See, this is what happens," Sophie said through closed eyes. "You make me dry my naked, wet body with a green towel, and then make me put a green toothbrush in my mouth, I couldn't help but get uncontrollably horny. It's the power of green."
I laughed to myself that she had not only remembered but taken to heart the story about green M&Ms. "Lesson learned," I replied.
"Good night, Mike," she said, leaning up and kissing me one more time, the taste of my cum still in her mouth.
"Good night, Sophie."
This time it took me longer than ten seconds to fall asleep. But not much longer.
§
The next thing I heard was jazz music. It was 7:30 and my clock radio, which was tuned to the local jazz radio station, was going off. Almost immediately after that registered in my mind came Sophie's again plaintive voice.
"Noooo, make it stop."
"It's 7:30. We were going to go to breakfast, remember?"
"We had breakfast a few hours ago, remember? I don't want to get up, I want to stay in bed with you."
I knew exactly what she was talking about. I reached over and shut off the radio.
"Okay, we can stay in bed for a while longer," I conceded.
"Thank you," Sophie replied, and again tilted her head up and kissed me on the lips without opening her eyes. She went right back to sleep. I lay awake for a while, enjoying the memory of the previous evening. But soon enough, I was asleep as well.
§
When I opened my eyes again, the clock read 9:14. I put my right hand on Sophie's left shoulder and gently shook her.
"Hey, it's really time to get up now. It's nine fifteen."
Sophie frowned and opened her eyes, and then her frown turned into a smile. "Okay, I guess. How long a drive is it from here to Karen's place?"
"About 15 minutes."
"Damn. We DO have to get up."
"Yep, 'fraid so," I confirmed.
"Okay, but can I do one thing first?"
"Sure, go ahead," I responded, having no idea what she was going to do but eager to find out.
Sophie scooted back about half a foot so that our bodies were about a foot apart. Then she closed her eyes and put her hands on my face. After a couple seconds, she began to run her hands down my body – to my shoulders, then down the length of my arms and back up again, and then down my chest. When they got to my waistline, her left arm went up over my right hip and around my right butt cheek. She could not do the same with her right hand because I was lying on my left side, so instead that hand went down the inside of my left thigh, glancing my semi-erect cock. Then her left hand, which had travelled about halfway down the back of my right thigh – as far as she could reach – came back around to the front of my thigh. Finally, she brough both hand up the front of my thighs, pausing momentarily on my balls and cock, before dragging them up my chest. She then brought her hands to her face, inhaled through her nose as if smelling them, and put the middle finger of her right hand in her mouth. Then she opened her eyes, took her finger out of her mouth, and said "Okay, thanks."
"What was that all about?" I asked.
"I was just giving my hands a quick refresher course for when I masturbate tonight," she answered matter-of-factly.
"You already know you're going to masturbate tonight?" I asked.
"Uh, yeah, of course!" Sophie responded. "After last night's activities, I'd guess that I'm going to masturbate every night for the next week at least. Aren't you?"
"I hadn't thought about it, to be honest," I told her. "But now that you mention it." At that point I closed my eyes and ran my hands over her body much the same way that she had done to me. When I was making my final pass up the front of her body, I made a point of dragging my left hand directly over her muff, slightly extending my middle finger into her slit. She was wet and thrust her hips slightly forward to meet my hand. When I got my hands up to my face I was about to stick my left middle finger in my mouth to taste her juices, but she grabbed my hand and pulled it to her face, sticking my finger in her mouth and running her tongue all over it while looking me in the eyes.
"Okay, I think we're both set for tonight," she said.
"Well then we'd better get up," I said and then gave her a quick kiss on the lips.
"Can you get up before me?" she asked.
"Yeah. But why? You're sort of in my way."
"Because I like being in your bed and want to stay here as long as I can. And because I want to watch you get dressed. I think that would be sexy."
"Sure," I told her. Then, with my right hand I pulled the covers off of us, exposing both of our naked bodies. I had to crawl over her to get out of the bed, and as I did she rolled onto her back and nonchalantly gave my cock and balls one last gentle grope.
I walked over to my dresser as she lied now on her left side watching me, her breasts and muff both visible to me as I walked. I keep my underwear in the bottom drawer, meaning I would have to bend over to take it out. I made sure to position myself such that she would not get a view of my butthole as I leaned over, but so she would get a good view of the shape of my ass. I took a pair of navy-blue boxer briefs out of the drawer and turned around so that I was not directly facing her but almost was. My cock was still semi-erect and was pointing at a spot on the floor a couple feet in front of me. I knew I had to get dressed and distracted before that became an issue. I stepped into the boxer briefs and pulled them up and over my cock. The outline of my cock was still very clear through the fabric, and I noticed that that was where Sophie's eyes were fixated.
I picked up a pair of jeans off of the floor – the same ones I'd worn on the drive home the day before. I pulled them on, ruining Sophie's view of my cock. Then I picked up a black t-shirt off the floor – the same one I'd been wearing when I went to bed the night before but which Sophie had later tossed aside – and threw it on. I had to unzip my jeans to tuck it in, and Sophie seemed to enjoy that. Finally, I grabbed a gray Henley from the shelf in the closet and pulled it on over the black t-shirt.
"Nothing left but socks and shoes," I said to Sophie. "Not much excitement in those."
"No, but the rest of the show more than made up for it. See you out in the living room." She got up and walked naked out the door and down the hall, my eyes on her ass the entire time.
I grabbed some socks out of the top drawer and put them on, along with some running shoes that were on the floor. I stepped into the bathroom and washed my hands and quickly brushed my teeth. I was about to proceed to the living room, but then remembered the situation and stepped back into my bedroom and grabbed a gray sweatshirt.
When I got to the living room, Sophie was standing by the couch in her skirt, shoes, and bra. Her turtleneck, which was still covered in pasta sauce, was in her hands and she was looking at it with a puzzled look on her face.
"I'll take that," I said, and she handed it to me as I handed her the sweatshirt. "I'll have it cleaned and bring it with me the next time I'm in Athens for business."
"That would be great. Thanks again so much."
"My pleasure."
We grabbed Karen's pasta take-out from the refrigerator and I put on a fleece jacket that was hanging on the coat rack by the front door. We proceeded down the to the parking garage making small talk about the nuisances of air travel. As we were pulling out of the garage, Sophie said, "Okay, two things."
"Great. What's the first one?" I replied.
"Alright, first thing is I'm sorry if I was being too forward last night with the cum kiss." She paused, and then proceeded "And with just seducing you in general, I guess. If that's what I did."
I laughed and said "Oh, that's what you did, alright. And you did it in grand fashion."
"And it's okay?" she asked.
"Better than okay. It was incredible."
"Oh god, I'm so glad you feel that way! I've wanted to have sex with you since about the third time we ever met. So last night when Karen got called into work and I found out I was going to get to stay with you, I was NOT going to let the opportunity get away."
"So you started planning it when we were still in the car on the way to my place?"
"Yes! Damn, didn't you notice that my nipples were already hard when I was undressing to take a shower?"
"Well, truth be told, yeah, I did notice."
"I was sopping wet also! That stretch of time between when you tucked me in and when I finally came to your bedroom was the longest hour of my life!"
"Well I couldn't be happier about how everything played out."
"Even the cum kiss?"
"Even that. It wasn't the first time I've done that."
"It was the first time I've done it, but I've wanted to try it for sooo long," Sophie explained.
"What got you interested in trying it?" I asked.
"Because several... well maybe 'several' is not the right word. But multiple people have made me cum with their mouths and then kissed me and I always thought it was sexy to taste myself on their mouths."
I noted without commenting that she had said multiple "people" instead of multiple "guys." Sophie continued.
"And I've always wondered what it would be like to do the same thing after I've made a guy cum with my mouth. But I've never really gotten the chance because, well, with some guys you can just tell they wouldn't be into it. And those have all been the guys I've given blowjobs to before. But you've always just seemed so... well whatever the opposite of uptight is. So I thought if there was ever a perfect opportunity to try it, it would be with you. And, of course, you didn't disappoint me."
"Was it as fun and sexy as you thought it would be? The cum kiss I mean," I asked.
"YES! Thank you so much! I'm so glad I never tried it with other guys before. They didn't deserve such a sexy fun time!"
I laughed a little. "So glad to have helped make your fantasy come true. I thought it was sexy, too. Now what's the second thing?"
"Second thing?" asked Sophie.
"Yeah, you said there were two things. What's the other one?"
"Oh yeah! Umm, well this is sort of awkward, but when I asked you to touch my butthole, what I really wanted was for you to do, well, what you did. Which was more than just touching it. But let's be realistic. You've got to have a pretty intimate relationship with someone before you can ask them to 'stick your finger in my butthole.'" She said that last part in a sort of husky, boyish voice, which was super cute. "And we didn't have that so I didn't really feel right asking you that. Well, I guess now we have that sort of a relationship. But last night when I said what I said we didn't. Am I making sense?"
"You're making perfect sense. What got you interested in doing that?"
"I read about it in Cosmo, of course. And then did further research online to make sure Cosmo wasn't misleading me. Had you ever done that before?"
"Done research on the internet to make sure Cosmo wasn't misleading me? Of course, many times," I replied.
"No, I mean the butthole thing!" said Sophie with a laugh.
"Yes. I've actually been on both ends of that before, at different times. It's not something to be done EVERY time, but it definitely has its place."
"Oooo, so next time I can be the touch-ER, then?" she replied excitedly.
"We'll see how things go," I said being intentionally vague but secretly excited that she spoke of a "next time" as if it were a foregone conclusion.
There was silence for about the next ten seconds, and then Sophie said, "Oh, and one more thing."
"Of course there is. What is it this time?"
"You're the first guy I've ever been with who shaves his pubic hair."
I noted, again without commenting, that this time she said "guy" instead of "people," as she'd said when talking about who had made her cum by oral sex.
"Really? How'd you like it?" I asked. In response, she just gave a really cheesy smile and two thumbs up, which made me laugh.
"Why do you shave it?" she asked.
"A long time ago a girl told me that it is preferable to sex partners because hair can not only harbor unpleasant odors but also get in the way during oral sex. Apparently people don't like getting hair in their mouth when doing that, and it can also tickle the giver's nose, which is also annoying to some people."
"She was very wise. I take it she was your girlfriend at the time?"
I thought about what a correct and honest answer would be for a moment and then said, "She was 'a girlfriend.' Not exactly MY girlfriend."
"Oooooo, sounds like there's a story behind THAT answer."
"Maybe. But we don't have time for it today."
"You said this 'a girlfriend' told you this a long time ago. How long?"
I paused a moment as I did the rough math in my head before saying, "Twenty... five years ago, about I guess."
"Twenty-five years!?" exclaimed Sophie as she started laughing.
"Yeah, about that. Why is that so funny?"
"I'm twenty-five years old!"
"Yeah, so?"
"So that means as long as I've been alive, you haven't had pubic hair!"
I chuckled and said, "I guess it is kind of funny when you think about it that way."
"Okay, and let's see – I got pubic hair when I was about twelve years old, so there was an eleven-year overlapping period when neither of us had pubic hair," she said, still laughing.
"Well, to be fair, I have grown it back a few times over the years. But I prefer not having it so I've kept it shaved most of the time."
"Okay, and since we're being fair, I did shave mine once."
"What was the occasion?"
"It was kinda like a...dare... or no that's not the best word. A good luck thing? No... Well let's just say it was when I was in college and leave it at that."
"Sounds like there's a story behind THAT answer," I said, echoing her comment from a few moments earlier.
"Maybe. But we don't have time for it today."
As she echoed my comment, I pulled up in front of Karen's apartment building. Karen lived in an older building in the hip part of town. "Which button opens the hatch?" Sophie asked as I reached into the back seat to get Karen's dinner from the previous night.
"That one," I replied, pointing. "But we don't need to open it." Sophie pushed the button anyway. "Why'd you do that?" I asked.
"I'll show you. Come around to the back of the car."
We exited our respective doors and walked around to the back of the SUV. There, Sophie opened the hatch all the way, then put her left hand behind my neck and pulled me in for a long kiss as her right hand went into her purse, which was hanging near her right hip. When she broke the kiss, she said "The hatch prevents Karen from seeing us kiss from the front window of her apartment." As she was saying that, her right hand slipped into the left pocket of my fleece jacket. "That's a small gift for you. Don't look at it until you get home."
"I promise," I assured her. With that, she gave me another quick kiss, took Karen's pasta out of my hands, and said goodbye. I got back in my car, watched her long enough to ensure that Karen buzzed her in the front door, and started back home.
When I got home, as soon as I closed the door I reached into the left pocket of my fleece. In it I found the red boyshort panties that Sophie had been wearing the night before. I raised them to my face. They were still damp and smelled richly of her sex.
I walked to the room I used as my home office, turned on my laptop, and went to the Yelp page for the restaurant we had been to the night before. I gave it an effusive five-star review. And I made a special point of saying how Doris, our server, was especially pleasant and proficient at her job.