The story I am about to tell happened a few years ago but it is still pretty fresh in my mind even now. At the time that this story takes place I was 19 and my friend Steve was 18. After a long night of drinking Steve and I ended up back at my house with nothing to do. We were on the computer just randomly listening to music and chatting with people on instant messenger. Eventually he sent a message to this girl he knew, he told me that she was kind of know for liking to party and have lots of fun. It was going on two o'clock in the morning when they got around on the topic of hanging out. I have never been a person that really slept all that much but then again I guess that's a story for another time.
Anyway she said she didn't mind hanging out just as long as we picked her up. So we quietly left my house and pushed my car out of the driveway in neutral. A few houses down from mine we hopped in and started it up. We drove off on our way to her house which was only a few miles away from mine. By this time I wasn't drunk anymore but still had a slight buzz, which always made me more relaxed. We pulled up out front of her house and waited until she eventually came out running towards the car with a smile on her face. I had never met her before but was pleasantly surprised when I saw a really cute 18 year old girl running towards the car, she had on tight jeans and a white shirt with spaghetti straps. For some reasons I have always found those style shirts very attractive on women. She opened the door and jumped in the back seat as we started to drive down the block around the bend. She said gave a hug to Steve saying hi, then she introduced herself as Tina.
I asked her where she wanted to go and she said that there was park around the corner that we could hang out in. She gave me directions as me made a few turns and eventually ended up parking a few blocks away from her house at a dimly light park. The park consisted of a swing set, a slide, some monkey bars, and a few random other things. It was down in a valley with houses on either side that sat up on top of the little hills surrounding it. There were stone steps leading down to the park and as we got out of the car we slowly walked down them. I had no idea what to expect but figured I would just go along with whatever was going to happen. We walked a little ways until we found another set of steps near the back of the park that had only a bit of light shining down on it. We all sat down on the steps, Tina sat in the middle with Steve and I on either side. We talked for a little bit and joked with each other she was very flirty with both of us but seemed more interested in me then Steve. Jokingly Steve leaned in and tired to kiss her she leaned away from him but with little effort. Eventually their lips touched and slowly parted as their tongues slid into each others mouths. As I watched them kiss I felt myself get slightly aroused as my cock twitched in my pants. I stood up on the step so no one could see my cock growing hard. When their kiss ended I said that he might as well have just pulled down his pants and showed her his cock. We all laughed but then it got quite and Steve said "why don't you show her yours first?"
Feeling a little more bold then normally I slowly let my hand go to my zipper and pull it down slightly. Both of them were looking at me as I eventually lowered it all the way, when there was no I objection I decided to see just how far everyone would go. I hooked my thumbs in the waist of my pants and slowly slid them down my hips as my cock came in to view. I pushed them down further until it was completely exposed and started to get harder as both of them looked at it. I shifted a little on the step so that my pants wouldn't fall all the way down, which caused me to move a little close to Tina. She looked up at me while slowly moving her hand toward my cock. She let her fingers run up and down the shaft as I slowly got hard she began to stroke it. Then she shocked me as she leaned forward and slid my hard cock right into her warm mouth. She started sucking and licking the shaft she was even moaning a little bit I think she wanted me to know she really liked it. I am not sure if he was grossed out or not but Steven looked away as she sucked on my cock for a few minutes more. She let it slide from her lips as I moved to sit back down next to her. I felt bad for Steven because she hadn't done anything to him yet, so I mentioned that she should maybe help him undo his pants. She said she kind of only wanted to play with me but if I wanted her to she would touch him to. I was sitting on her right as her hand made its way to his lap she pulled out his cock and started stroking him.
As she stroked him with her right hand her other hand found its way to my cock and started to stroke it. For a few minutes she sat in the middle of us with a hard cock in each hand stroking them up and down. I forget how it happened but behind her back as she was jerking us off Steven told me he thought we should both close our eyes so we didn't see each other getting jerked off. We both turned away and closed our eyes as she continued, after a few minutes I opened my eyes coming to face to face with Tina. We both leaned forward and out tongues found their way into each others mouths. As we kissed I felt her hand let go of my cock but I could tell that she was still jerking off Steve. As we made out I moved my hand to her zipper and undid it sliding my hand into her pants I felt her thong panties on my finger tips. My fingers found her clit and started to rub her slowly, her pussy was already really wet as my fingers made their way inside to finger fuck her. I started finger her as we kissed deep and she moaned in my mouth while moving her hips causing my fingers to push further into her.
After a few minutes my fingers were soaked with her juices and I felt her hand make its way towards my wrist. Her fingers slid over top of mine as she started to pull my hand out of her pants up towards our mouths. Our lips parted and I watched as she took my fingers into her mouth sucking them while moaning. When she was done she removed my fingers from her mouth telling me that she loved the taste of her own pussy. I moved my hand back into her panties and started to finger her again she moaned pushing hard against them. I think Steve knew something else was going on because I saw his eyes open for a minute as he looked at me then they quickly closed again. She jerked him of moaning while I fingered her, eventually I heard him tell her to keep going because he was close to coming. She leaned back allowing me to watch as he leaned back with his eyes closed she quickly jerked him off. Her fingers were wrapped around his cock stroking faster as I fingered her deep Steve hips bucked and her started to cum all over her hand. After he was done coming he got up and walked towards the car saying he was looking for something to clean himself up.
When he was gone she turned to me looking me right in the eye as she leaned down and slid her cum covered hand up and down the shaft of my cock. Steve's cum was warm and felt good as we leaned close together kissing deeply. As our lips parted she slowly made her way down to my cock and took it into her mouth. She moved her mouth up and down quickly making my cock really wet and extremely hard in her warm little mouth. I put my hand in her hair and slowly started playing with it while she continued sucking my cock. I wasn't pushing her down on my cock but it was really hot to have my hand on the back of her head. I could feel myself getting close to cumming as I saw Steve walking back my cock pulsated and I started shooting warm cum into her mouth. She swallowed all of my cum then quickly came up and kissed me deeply. That was the first time but definitely was not the last time Tina and I would have fun together.