Part 3: Anal
This story includes a brief description of light S&M that you might want to skip if that puts you off.
Chapter 7: Exhibitionist & Voyeur - Patty puts on a show while driving down the freeway.
As Patty and I were driving back to school later that day, I decided to tell her what had happened. "Patty," I said, "I know it sounds weird, but I hooked up with Mark this weekend. We jacked each other off and went down on each other."
Patty's face turned red instantly. "You had sex with my brother!" she said angrily.
Keeping my voice calm and reasonable, I answered, "Yes, that's what I just said."
She crossed her arms and glared at me as she asked, "How could you?"
I thought about that and answered, "How could I what? How could I have sex with someone else? How could I have sex with another guy? Or, how could I have sex with your brother? Which one is bothering you?"
Patty got defensive, "Just answer the question."
I glanced over at her and said, "I'm pretty sure you and Clarice aren't just platonic roommates, based on some things you both said, and the fact that Clarice acted like it's perfectly normal for you to suck on her tits. That means you'd be a hypocrite if me getting something on the side bothered you, or if you're bothered by me or your brother doing it with someone who's the same sex. Assuming I'm right about you and Clarice and assuming you're not a hypocrite, what's left is you not liking the idea of me with your brother. Do you just not like your friends to be your brother's friends too?"
Patty still looked angry, but I could see I'd gotten her out of attack mode, at least temporarily. She asked me in a suspicious tone of voice, "What do you mean?"
I answered, "Mark's friend Brian told me about the time you had a fit when Mark and Rebecca were making out at a party. I think you have an issue with Mark mixing with your friends."
Patty started to deny it, but she stopped with her mouth open as if to speak. She was quiet for a few minutes before asking, "How did you figure that out? You've only known me for a few weeks."
I smiled and answered, "I like to hear people tell their stories. It wasn't hard to figure out from there."
Patty sighed and said, "I guess you're right. When we were kids, Mom made me take Mark pretty much everywhere I went. There were a lot of kids my age in the neighborhood, but none Mark's age. A year difference in ages doesn't seem like anything now, but as kids, it was huge. And we're actually less than ten months apart."
I asked, "So you didn't like having Mark around all the time?"
Patty answered, "No, that's not it. Mark has always been really sweet and fun to be around. I like spending time alone with him. The problem is, my friends liked Mark a lot. Sometimes I felt like I was competing with him for my friends' attention. That's when I started to resent him being around all the time. So maybe you're right. Maybe it is just a sibling thing."
"So you're okay if I get a little strange every now and then?"
"As long as you tell me the details."
"And you're okay with me having sex with guys?"
Patty laughed and said, "Actually, gay sex gets me hot. Last year a gay friend took me to an LGBT party off campus. I accidentally walked in on two guys while I was looking for the bathroom. They said, 'Look, we've got an audience' and continued on. I stayed to watch and left with soaked panties. Since then, a lot of times when I'm I the mood to watch some porn I'll find a gay or bi video."
I had to ask, "So what about my suspicions about you and Clarice?"
Patty admitted, "You were spot on. We started when Rebecca talked us into a Truth or Dare game that got a little out of hand at one of our naked sleepovers. We've been doing it ever since. And yes, we've both done it with Rebecca, and with other women too."
"I think Rebecca's known she's bi since puberty. When we first started noticing boys, she was the one who suggested we should practice for dates by kissing each other."
I laughed and said, "I want to hear some of those stories. Will you and Clarice show me some girl-on-girl action?"
Patty punched me in the arm and said, "You're a pervert."
"I thought that was my most endearing quality."
Patty gave me a sly grin and said, "That may be true. We'll have to see what Clarice thinks. And I'll think about telling you the story of 'The Night of the Lesbian Professors.' Now, give me some details about what happened this weekend."
I laughed and said, "Now who's the pervert."
"Guilty. Now start talking."
I went through the events of the weekend, ending with sucking Mark's cock before breakfast that morning. About three minutes into the story, Patty had her jeans down around her ankles and her top pushed up over her tits. Seeing that, I made sure to drive alongside any truckers I saw. Most of them gave us a big honk of appreciation for the show.
When Patty first stripped, she positioned herself so she was leaning against the door and facing me. After he heard the first honk she reversed her position so she was leaning on the center console with her head resting on my shoulder and her right foot was up on the door handle.
A little later we came upon a minivan. I could see a video for young children playing on the overhead screen as I pulled up behind it, but I couldn't see the kids' heads. It looked like the dad was driving.
As I started to pass them, I saw that I had guessed correctly and the kids couldn't see down into our car, so I pulled even with the driver's window. The dad looked over and caught a clear view of Patty. He got a big grin on his face, and he kept glancing back and forth from Patty to the road in front of the car.
As I glanced over, I could see that the mom had figured out something was up and was asking her husband what was going on. He said something to her and nodded in our direction. She leaned over towards him to look, but I think she could only see Patty's tits from her viewing angle.
I mentioned this to Patty, and slowed down a little to put Patty's window across from the mom. Patty smiled as she sawed three fingers in and out of her pussy and mauled one of her tits with her free hand. The mom smiled and said something to the dad that I assume was a promise of things to come, based on the happy grin on his face. After a minute, I continued passing them and drove on.
As I finished my story Patty saw a sign for a rest area and told me to pull off, so I did. I assumed she needed to use the lady's room but when we got into the building she dragged me into the family restroom for a frantic quickie. Of course, I had to clean her up, and she sucked my cock clean. As we walked out of the cubicle, we saw the family walking in. The small children I had glimpsed in the car were two preschool aged girls. The parents spotted us, and the mom blushed.
Patty approached the family and spoke briefly to the mom. As Patty leaned in to talk to her, I saw the mom's eyes flash as she gave Patty a knowing smile. Then the mom said something to the girls, and Patty took them by the hand and led them into the women's rest room while the mom and dad walked past me into the family restroom cubicle. A few minutes later, Patty and the girls came out of the rest room, and shortly after that the mom and dad came out of the cubicle. We all went to our cars and got back on the road.
I asked Patty, "Do strangers always leave you in charge of their children while they grab a quickie?"
Patty laughed and said, "That was Bonnie. She was a TA for one of my classes last year. She's from my hometown, so I caught rides home with her and her family a couple of times last year. Sitting in the back of their minivan with the girls gave me a chance to get to know them, so I wasn't a stranger. Bonnie told me that her husband, Mario, had a thing for me after those trips, and she said that after today's show he might divorce her and come chasing after me."
We arrived at school a short time later. Since Patty had worked all weekend, she was behind on her homework. As soon as we got back to school she gave me a kiss and pushed me out the door so that she could work on catching up.
I went back to my room and texted Mark to let him know I had talked to Patty. He called me back within minutes to see how it had gone. I told him she was pissed at first, and now she's cool with it, and even thinks it's kind of hot.
I also told Mark that I thought Brian would be open to picking up where they left off. He asked why, and I told him about Brian checking him out while we talked at the party, and his tone of reminiscence when he talked about what they'd done together. I finished by saying, "I'm sure he'd never make a move on you, but I'm also sure he'd love it if you got back to being close friends again, even if you don't hook up."
As Mark hung up, he said, "I'll think about it. I haven't had a good friend like Brian since then."
Chapter 8: Anal - Clarice talks about her introduction to anal.
Patty finally got caught up on Tuesday afternoon. As we met for dinner, she said, "I hope you have time to come up to my room for dessert."
When we got back to her room, Clarice was there. She greeted us by saying, "I was wondering when your gay boyfriend was gonna show his face again."
I shouldn't have been surprised that Patty had shared the details of my weekend with Clarice, but I still started to voice my offense at the "gay" comment. Then I saw the twinkle in Clarice's eyes. I asked Patty, "Do you keep any secrets from this girl?"
Patty laughed and said, "I haven't told her about my fantasy of having a three-way with her and her mom yet."
Without missing a beat, Clarice said, "No, you haven't, but now that I know I'll have to run it by her."
Patty looked at Clarice and asked, "You called him gay. Is he gay if he's never been fucked in the ass?"
Clarice considered that before answering, "Playing with another guy's dick and sucking cock are pretty gay. Butt fucking is just the final bonus."
I had to interject at that point, "I'm pretty sure I don't want to play the bonus round."
Even though I stand a full head taller than her, Clarice somehow managed to look down her nose at me as she said in an icy tone, "Why not?"
I was a little surprised at her question and her tone since it seemed obvious, but I answered, "It sounds kind of gross, and I'm not into pain."
Clarice said rather stiffly, "So you really don't know anything about it."
Now I was feeling defensive. I said, "What's there to know? It seems obvious." in as cold a voice as I could muster.
Clarice threw up her hands, made a sound of exasperation, and launched into a lengthy explanation about the nerve endings in the rectum, how anal sex stimulates the prostate, how the clitoral nerves extend into the rectum, how the sphincter muscles are designed to relax to allow passage of large objects, and how the colon is generally clean and can easily be made cleaner. She finished by saying, "It's fun if you do it right."
That last statement begged the question, "How do you know?" So I asked.
Clarice admitted, "I've had a lot of anal sex, and I really like it."
Patty chimed in at that point, "So you've been keeping secrets from me."
Clarice looked at Patty and answered, "I guess. I used to have the same attitude as Ian, so I was maybe worried you'd think it was too out there. I used to do it with Bill."
Patty said, "Bill? He's 6' 6" and built like that guy, Shaq."
Clarice confirmed, "Yep."
Trying to picture tiny Clarice with a guy like that caused me to blurt out, "You would think a guy that size would have a big cock."
Clarice gave us a shit eating grin and said, "Oh yeah!. I measured it once. He was eight inches long, and when I wrapped my hand around it, my fingertips wouldn't touch."
"Holy crap," I gasped, "he couldn't possibly have fit that up your tiny butthole."
Clarice shook her head and said, "That's what I'm trying to tell you. He did, and I liked it."
Patty was losing patience, "Alright, spill! Let's hear the details!"
Clarice looked at the two of us sitting there in anticipation, and began, "Bill was the second guy I slept with. Connor was the first. Patty, you remember Connor, right? I lost my virginity to Connor after we'd been dating for three months. The next day I overheard him bragging about getting my cherry to a group of guys in the cafeteria. I dumped him on the spot."
"Bill had been in the group listening to Connor, but when Connor started to brag, he got up and left. Later he overheard me blowing up at Connor, and he felt bad for not having said something. He came to me and apologized for not telling Connor to keep it to himself. We started dating a week later."
"Bill wasn't a virgin, so we had sex on our fourth date. I was sure my mom wouldn't sign the consent for me to be on the pill, so we had to use condoms. That was the problem."
"When Bill wore a rubber, he had a hard time getting off. The first time we had sex, he pounded me for an hour until I was sore, and I still had to jack him off while I sucked on his cock head so that he could cum."
"The next time, we tried not using a condom and having him pull out, but you know how hard that is for a guy. Bill was nervous he wouldn't pull out in time. I was nervous about that too, and about the fact that the guys swimmers can get out of the gate even before he cums. The nervousness ruined it for both of us, so we decided to stick to condoms."
"We made a date for one Friday night after a basketball game. The dance team performed at half time, and as I was grabbing my stuff from the locker room after our performance, my friend Roxie said, 'Come on, Cassie's saving us seats.'"
"I told her I couldn't because I had to go to the drug store. She asked why, and I told her I was trying to find some condoms that wouldn't dull the sensation too much for Bill. She had told me that she and her boyfriend use condoms, so I thought she might have some suggestions."
"She surprised me by saying, 'We don't have that problem anymore. He fucks my pussy with a condom on until I cum, then he takes it off and fucks my ass until he cums."
"My reaction was similar to what you said earlier. Roxie told me, 'As long as you take it slow and do some preparation, it's great.'"
"I asked her, 'What do you mean, "great."'"
"Roxie said, 'I usually cum again while he ass fucks me. Having an orgasm with a cock up your ass is a completely new experience. Usually, I diddle myself while he fucks me from behind, but every now and then I've actually cum without touching my clit.'"
"That sounded intriguing. I asked her, 'What did you mean by "prep."'"
"Roxie asked me, 'Do you want me to show you?'"
"I said, 'Here? Now?'"
"Roxie said, 'Sure. We're going out after the game, so I need to get ready anyway.' She grabbed her gear bag and started walking towards the rest room next to the locker room, waving for me to follow her. When we got in there, she pulled a black rubber bulb with a long red tip on it out of her bag, along with a squeeze tube and set them by the sink. She said, 'This is the first step,' as she kicked off her shoes and stripped off her panties and tights from under her dance skirt."
"She unscrewed the tip from the bulb, ran water into the sink until it was warm, and then filled the bulb and screwed the tip back on. Picking up the tube and handing me the bulb, she said, 'Follow me," as she ducked into the handicapped stall. Once we were in the stall, she showed me step by step how she used the bulb to clean herself, repeating the process three times. It was weirdly intimate to watch."
"After the third time, she had me look into the toilet bowl before she flushed. 'See, there's nothing nasty left in there.'"
"She told me to stand behind her so I could watch what she was going to do next."
"As I moved behind her, she bent over and flipped up her skirt again. She lubed up a finger, then reached back and rubbed the lube around her asshole before trying to push her fingertip into her ass. When her asshole wouldn't open, she added more lube and repeated the rubbing and probing. This time her finger went in up to the first knuckle. Lubed her finger one more time, and when she pressed it into her hole that time, her finger went all the way in."
"'You have to be nice to your sphincter. If you romance it a little, it'll open up for you and you can have your way with it,' she said. She fucked her finger in and out of her asshole three or four times, and then pulled it out."
"She lubed two fingers and repeated the process with both of them. Then, she took a piece of toilet paper, wiped off her finger, and said, 'Do you want to try it now?'"
"I knew there was a big difference between a finger and Bill's cock, but I figured it might be worth a try, so I said, 'Yes.'"
"Roxie helped me clean my asshole. Then she told me what kind of lube to buy. She said, 'Have Bill play with your ass tonight, but don't let him fuck you there yet. Have him work up to fitting two fingers into you. A rim job is a great way to start, especially when you're nice and clean like now, but don't be surprised if he's a little squeamish about it. Tell me how it goes, and then I'll help you with the next steps."
As Clarice was telling her story, the three of us had gotten undressed. Clarice was in her usual spot in the bean bag chair, idly running her finger over her pussy. I was slouched on the futon with Patty draped over me, my cock lodged in her cunt. She was twisting one nipple and I was running my hands over her thighs, ass and back.
Clarice continued. "Roxie spent a few more minutes giving me a tutorial on anal sex, then wished me luck. As we left the locker room, Roxie recommended a brand of condoms that she said would help Bill feel more stimulation. I ran out and bought a box and a tube of lube, returning just as the game ended."
"After the game, I told Bill about Roxie's suggestion. He was all for the idea. Apparently, anal sex was one of his fantasies, but he never brought it up because he thought with his size no girl would go for the idea. I said, 'We're gonna have to go one step at a time,' and he was okay with that. He said that he'd read a lot about anal sex and knew what Roxie was talking about."
"Bill drove a full sized SUV. He told people that he needed the headroom, but all of the room in the back was also a plus. He usually drove around without the middle seat, and he had the windows tinted dark. With the four-wheel drive, he could go places where the police wouldn't show up, shining their flashlights in the windows. We joked that it was his 'Shaggin' Wagon.'"
"We got something to eat, then drove to a remote, wooded area and settled into the back seat. The condoms did help, but I still ended up giving him a blowjob. He surprised me by asking me to play with his ass while I blew him. I reached into my purse, pulled out the lube, and asked him if he wanted me to use some of that. He responded with an enthusiastic, 'Yes.'"
"I lubed my finger and ran it up his ass crack. He obliged by spreading his legs wide and reaching under them to pull his ass open. I started licking his head like an ice cream cone. As I ran my finger over his asshole, I pushed gently at the opening while I wrapped my lips around his knob and fluttered my tongue under the rim. Then I resumed licking and rubbing."
"About the fifth time I repeated this, I felt his ass open up and my finger went in to the second knuckle. I held it there while I forced my mouth down over the top four inches of his length. I applied as much suction as I could to his cock, and continued to flick my tongue over the veins on the underside as I slowly let him out of my mouth. At the same time, I wiggled my finger and fucked it in and out of his asshole. I was looking into his eyes and I could see sweat on his brow as he took long, slow breaths."
"I let go of his dick so I could squirt more lube onto my finger where it was disappearing into his asshole. By now, he was pulling his thighs up and apart like a girl waiting to be impaled by her lover. I left his cock alone for a minute and concentrated on working my finger all the way into his ass. Once I had it there, I started curling it upwards to rub his prostate like Roxie had explained to me. Bill gasped, 'Oh, yes.'"
"When I heard that, I pulled my finger out, lined up my middle finger next to it, added more lube, and inserted both fingers all the way in one slow, continuous push. I gave him a few seconds to get used to the extra finger, then I began finger fucking him for five or six strokes, then tickling his prostate for a few seconds. That really got him groaning."
"At that point, I took his cock into my mouth again. I started sucking him as deep into my mouth as I could when his ass clenched like a vise around my fingers and he came so hard it felt like he was shooting BBs into my mouth. His orgasm must have lasted forty seconds. Every time I wiggled my fingers he fed me a fresh spurt of cum.
When he finally slumped down in the seat, I let his cock out of my mouth and slowly pulled my fingers out of his ass. I was surprised that they were clean and didn't smell bad."
This part of the story apparently hit Patty's buttons. She was listening intently to Clarice while she fucked me reverse cowgirl style and viciously pinched her own clit and nipples. After only a minute of furious fucking, her rhythm became completely erratic and she let out several loud sounds, "Uhh, uhh, Aahh!" before she slid off my cock and slumped next to me on the futon.
Clarice looked at my still erect cock and said to Patty, "Can I have that if you're not gonna finish it?"
Patty gave an incoherent reply that Clarice and I both took to mean, "Go ahead." I positioned myself on the floor with my thighs wrapped around the beanbag chair. Clarice slid down in the chair until I could insert my cock into her pussy. I started slowly fucking her as she continued, "Bill pulled me up onto his chest and gave me an amazing kiss. I tried to pull back at first because I knew I had the taste of his cum in my mouth, but he didn't seem to mind. He told me, 'That was the most intense cum I've ever had. Thank you.'"
"We cuddled for a little while, and then I sat up and said, 'Okay, now it's my turn."
"When Bill asked me what I meant, I said, "I thought the idea for tonight was to let me find out how it feels to have someone play with my ass? Are you backing out on me now?'"
"Bill said, 'No way!' so I got off of his lap and turned so I was facing away from him and straddling his legs. I stood straight legged, bent over at the waist with my back arched, and then I flipped my dance skirt, which I still had on, up over my back."
"In one of our dance routines there was a move where we bent over like that and swished our skirts back and forth. We didn't intentionally show our panties, but the audience got a glimpse anyway. I remember Patty telling me that when we did that move, all of the dads in the stands at the basketball games got instant boners. Apparently, it worked for the basketball players too, because I heard Bill whisper, 'Damn!' Of course, the dads never got to see it with nothing under the skirt, like I was right then."
"I pointed to the tube of lube, but Bill ignored it and grabbed my hips. I looked back over my shoulder and saw him sliding forward on the seat. When he was on the front edge of the seat, I could feel his breath on my asshole. He reached up with both hands and started gently squeezing and kneading my butt."
"Bill played with my ass for a while before he grabbed me and pulled me back towards his face. With his strong hands gripping my thighs, I couldn't have resisted if I wanted to. Then I felt his nose between my ass cheeks, and he was grinding his face, from nose to chin, up and down my crack. A few seconds later, I felt his tongue make contact with the rim of my ass."
"Now it was my turn to gasp. I had been fucked, had my pussy licked, and had given blow jobs, but Bill's tongue circling my asshole was the most intimate sexual experience I'd had up to that point."
"It seemed like he spent an eternity rimming me and running his tongue up and down my crack. It was probably more like five minutes, but I didn't want him to stop. Eventually he pushed the point of his tongue through my ass ring."
"I couldn't believe it, but as he worked his tongue in and out of me and flicked my inner walls, I felt tingles in my pussy, like the start of an orgasm. When he pushed me away from his tongue, I groaned with disappointment."
"Bill said, 'We can do more of that later. Let's try something else now.'"
"I looked back just as Bill dribbled lube down the crack of my ass. The cold gel on my hot skin made me gasp. He caught the drip with one finger and spread it down my crack until I felt him painting a circle around my hole. He spent several minutes painting more and more lube around my ring until I felt my ass open up and seemingly pulled his fingertip in. I'm sure he actually pushed it in, but it felt like my ass wanted his finger inside."
"He pressed lightly with his finger, then withdrew it slowly before pressing it in again. I felt myself leaning back to help him go deeper. Before I knew it, he had his index finger completely buried in my ass."
"He pulled his finger part way out, added more lube, and reinserted it. After repeating this several times, he pulled his finger out, then immediately thrust it back in. He gradually picked up the pace until he was slowly finger fucking my ass."
"Suddenly, he stopped and I felt him pull his finger out completely, leaving me with a sensation of emptiness. I turned to protest and saw that he was lubing up his middle finger. He said, 'If you're gonna take my dick up there, you'll need to get used to more than one finger.'"
"He repeated the slow process of working his fingers into my ass. I could feel a slight burning in my ass ring as he stretched it out, but he was so gentle that even that felt good. He was able to work both fingers in much faster than it had taken for the first one. Once they were fully inserted and lubed, he began finger fucking my ass again."
"This whole time, he had his left hand between my legs, pressing up against my stomach while he rubbed my clit with his thumb. As he fucked his fingers in and out of my ass, he reversed his hand so he could insert two fingers into my cunt. Then he set up a rhythm where he rammed his fingers into my cunt, rubbing my clit with his thumb, while he pulled his fingers almost all the way out of my ass. Then he plowed his fingers back into my ass as he pulled his fingers out of my cunt."
"After just a minute of that action, I could feel my own cum dripping down my legs. Seconds later, I screamed, and my body went completely stiff. My legs started convulsing, and I felt myself slowly collapsing to the floor."
"It happened so fast that Bill didn't even stop finger fucking me until I was on the floor. As I laid there, he stopped and pulled his fingers out of my ass and cunt. I felt so empty that I started crying."
"Bill was scared because he thought he had hurt me, and it was a couple of minutes before I was coherent enough to tell him he had given me the best cum of my life. I told him I just wish he had kept it up for a little longer."
"After that, I took Roxie up on her offer of an advanced lesson, and on our next date, we made it an all-anal affair. Bill ate my pussy while he fingered my ass to get me loosened up. On Roxie's advice, we did it with me on top. It took forever to get his whole length into me."
"Bill insisted on fingering me until I came while I just sat with his cock up my ass. I was amazed at how much his cock in my ass intensified my orgasm. Bill was amazed at the massage his cock got from my orgasm. I actually came again as I rammed my ass down onto Bill's cock, with a little help from him strumming my clit."
"We fucked three times. The first two were straight ass fucks. The third time Bill fucked my pussy with a condom on until I came, and then finished in my ass."
"From then on, we had more anal sex than vaginal sex. The next week, Bill spent a night fucking Roxie in the ass to thank her for showing us how it's done, while I kept Roxie's boyfriend happy. Roxie went home looking like a rag doll with a huge smile on her face."
Clarice and I still hadn't cum, so I pulled her off the chair and positioned her so we could fuck doggy style. I had been hard for most of her story and she had kept herself on the edge, so I grabbed her hips tight and slammed into her so our bodies made a loud slapping sound as they came together.
Clarice had the tightest pussy I had ever fucked, but her pussy also ran like a faucet. After a couple dozen strokes, I felt her pussy muscles clamp down on my cock as she threw her head back and yelled loudly, "Oh, oh, oooh yes!" Two strokes later, I joined her, yelling, "Ah, ah, aaah, god yes, aaah!"
As the tension left Clarice's body and my cock started to go soft, I pulled out and slumped onto the beanbag with Clarice cuddled next to me. Patty grabbed Clarice's leg and said, "Spread 'em, slut," as she buried her face in her pussy.
Patty sucked all of my cum out of Clarice's pussy, and ate her to two more orgasms while Clarice and I kissed and caressed each other. Before Patty was finished, I was hard again. Patty decided that I should fill her pussy with a load of cum for Clarice to clean up.
Chapter 9: Anal - Clarice teaches Patty and Ian to have fun with anal play.
The next day I got a text from Patty that said, "Time to start your training."
When I got to her room she and Clarice were naked, and they had an assortment of toys laid out on the desk.
As soon as Patty let me in, she and Clarice put on their robes. Clarice grabbed a small toiletries bag off the desk and they walked out of the room saying, "Come with us."
They walked a few doors down the hall to the bathroom. Their dorm is coed, with coed facilities. As you walk into the bathroom, the entrance to the shower room is straight ahead. If you turn left there are sinks along the wall to the left and toilet stalls along the wall to the right. The urinals are at the far end of the room, behind a partition.
There is a handicapped stall at each end of the row. Clarice led us to the far stall and ushered us all in. Once we were in, she produced a bulb like the one she described in her story. Over the next thirty minutes, she demonstrated her douche and made sure all three of us were clean on the inside.
When we returned to the room, Clarice and Patty took off their robes and laid down on the futon, which was folded out flat. As I got undressed, Clarice told Patty to roll on her side and spread her legs. Patty asked why, and Clarice replied, "So I can eat your pussy."
Patty said, "I thought you were gonna teach us how to have anal sex?"
"I am," Clarice answered, "but right now you're thinking about having something shoved up your butt, and it's hard to enjoy anal sex when all you're thinking about is what's going to be shoved up your butt. That's why I'm gonna eat your pussy, you are gonna suck Ian's cock, and Ian is gonna eat my pussy. If you're thinking about giving head and getting eaten, you won't be thinking about having something shoved up your butt, and the anal sex will be easier."
Patty seemed to see the sense in that and said, "Okay, but I'm in a pussy eating mood, not a cock sucking mood."
Patty and Clarice repositioned themselves so Patty's head rested on her friend's thigh. I watched as Patty cupped Clarice's butt, pulling her mound towards her mouth. As she sucked Clarice's pussy lips into her mouth, Clarice patted the futon by her head indicating I should lie there.
I had never been part of a daisy chain, so it took me a minute to find a position where Clarice had a comfortable angle to take my cock into her throat and I could easily access all of Patty's pussy. I commented on how difficult this was. Patty stopped licking Clarice and said, "After the first time or two it comes naturally."
I had to ask, "So, you've been in a lot of daisy chains?"
Clarice answered, "You already guessed that Patty, Rebecca and I played together in high school."
Patty added, "There are also a lot of girls here who like to play both sides. We've had some interesting experiences."
For the next ten minutes, the only sounds were slurping and sucking. Clarice really was an amazing deep throat artist. My whole cock disappeared on every stroke, and she was very creative in the way she used her tongue. I have never been a huge fan of the sixty-nine position because I don't usually get much stimulation on the underside my cock where I like it, but Clarice knew how to use her lips and tongue to make up for it.
Patty seemed to love the taste of Clarice's seemingly endless flow of girl cum. She alternated sucking on her clit, licking the juices off her thighs, and clamping her mouth over her slit to suck the nectar right from the source. Judging by Clarice's sometimes erratic efforts on my cock, Patty was definitely pushing the right buttons.
It was a little hard to stick my tongue into Patty's hole the way I know she likes it, so I spent most of my time sucking on her pussy lips and flicking her clit with my tongue.
Pretty soon, Clarice let us know that she was having a big orgasm. She had my cock buried in her throat, and she began mumbling around it. I thought she was going to pull off, but instead she kept sucking gently on the top three inches like it was a pacifier while breathing rapidly through her nose. The contented look on her face when I glanced down did look like a baby sleeping.
Patty relaxed and let her head rest on Clarice's thigh. As I started sucking Patty's clit again, Clarice changed her position so she was between my legs. As she took my cock back into her mouth, she began to rapidly fuck my cock into her mouth. Within seconds, I felt cum rushing from my balls right into her throat.
As soon as she released me, she got off the futon and knelt on the floor where she could take over eating out Patty's. She shoved two fingers into Patty's pussy and began rubbing her g-spot while she sucked her clit deep into her mouth. Patty grabbed Clarice's hair and pulled hard, forcing her mouth tight against her pussy. Almost instantly she went into spasms and shouted, "Oh, oh, oh," over and over, before going completely limp.
As Patty lay there with her eyes closed, panting and casually stroking her own body, Clarice motioned for me to lie on the futon, face down. She picked up a bottle of massage oil from the desk and knelt next to me. She warmed some of the oil in her hands, and then began to give me a back massage. She started at my neck and shoulders, kneading the muscles and rubbing the warm oil into my skin. Gradually she worked her way down, working the knots out of my lats. She spent a lot of time working the muscles in the small of my back before she moved down to my butt, nudging my legs apart so she could kneel between them.
At first she worked on the large muscles, kneading them with her thumbs at the junction with the top of my thighs and her hands cupping each cheek and squeezing her thumbs straight up over the curve of my butt. Gradually she started twisting her thumbs inward as they moved up, so they began to graze the inside of my butt crack. Before I knew it, her thumbs were rubbing through the depths of my crack, from the perineum to the top of my spine on every stroke.
By now, Patty had perked up and was closely watching what Clarice was doing. Positioned her so she was propped up on pillows with my head resting on her thigh. She told me to keep her warmed up, which I happily did, licking and sucking her wet pussy lips.
At this point Clarice switched to a different bottle, which I later discovered was some kind of lube. She rubbed this into my ass, running her hands one after the other up the full length of my crack. She squeezed my butt cheeks with both hands, with her thumbs applying pressure on either side of my asshole, then resumed her up and down stroking. She began almost imperceptibly ticking my pucker as her fingers grazed over it, gradually lingering longer and longer there.
By then, I was completely relaxed, and I felt myself trying to move so that she had maximum access to my asshole. When she saw this, she stopped her stroking and concentrated on painting my asshole with lube.
As her finger circled my hole, I concentrated on the electric sensations traveling from my ass to my cock. I realized that my dick was rock hard, and I could feel a puddle underneath me that had to be precum. I started humping the mattress in time with Clarice's finger circles. She understood what was happening and reached down with her other hand to gently squeeze and stroke my balls. As she did that, I could feel the leaking from my cock increase.
Clarice centered her fingertip on my opening and began alternately wiggling her finger against my hole and squeezing my balls. In a matter of seconds I felt her finger slip in. My asshole started to convulse around her intruding finger, so she held it still until I relaxed again. Then she used a gentle in-out motion to introduce more of her finger. She stopped twice to remove her finger so she could add more lube, but within a few minutes I felt her knuckles pressed against my ass ring and her fingertip rubbing against my prostate.
Pulling her finger out of my ass once more, Clarice told me to get up on my knees with my head down. After I assumed the position, I felt her press two fingers to my hole. It only took her a few strokes to bury them up to the hilt in my ass.
Patty had been watching this, and it obviously turned her on. Clarice said to her, "Why don't you come here and suck your boyfriends cock while I finger fuck his ass."
Patty moved under me and slid between my legs where she could raise her head and take my cock into her mouth. Clarice took her fingers out of my ass briefly to position some pillows under Patty's head. When she inserted them again, I felt three fingers instead of two. Now I felt the burning in my ass ring that she had mentioned, but just as she had experienced, I liked it.
As Clarice started thrusting her fingers into my ass, I realized why she had positioned Patty as she had. At first, I found myself moving away from Clarice's hand as she thrust into me. This forced my cock into Patty's mouth. As I became accustomed to the thrusting, I found myself pushing back to meet her thrusts.
Within minutes I felt my ass clamp onto her fingers. My balls felt like a geyser about to erupt, which they did about fifteen seconds later. Patty opened her mouth and held my cock against her tongue, which she used to tickle all around the head. When I had stop cumming, I felt her swallow and then gently kiss my cock before sliding out from under me.
Clarice pulled her fingers out and I rolled over to sit on the edge of the futon.
"So," Clarice asked, "What do you think about anal sex now?"
I answered cautiously, "I could become a fan."
Clarice reached over to the desk and picked up a vibrator about the size of an average penis. "Do you think you're ready for this?"
I said, "Give it a try."
Patty spoke up, "I thought I was gonna get a turn?"
Clarice answered, "We can take care of both of you."
As I watched, she gave Patty a massage just like the one she gave me. When she got to the part where she started playing with Patty's asshole, she stopped and told Patty to kneel with her butt in the air. Then she turned to me and said, "Why don't you take over with a tongue massage." When I hesitated she added, "You know she's clean back there."
I knelt behind her and ran my tongue up her crack. Clarice had wisely refrained from using much massage oil, so the only flavor was Patty' usual sweet taste. Clarice coached me to make long swipes with my tongue, gradually zeroing in on her asshole, so that's what I did. While I was licking Patty, Clarice resumed fucking my ass with two fingers.
Patty was making little sounds that told me I was on the right track. I decided to add a little vaginal stimulation by inserting a finger into her pussy and rubbing her clit. Based on the increase in her purring, I guessed that I was on the right track.
That is when Clarice decided to introduce me to her toy. It hadn't looked that big when she picked it up, but it felt huge when she pulled her fingers out of my ass and started running its length up and down my crack. I started to turn, but Clarice told me my job was to concentrate on Patty.
Patty was rocking back against my hand and my tongue, so I figured it was time to open her up. I made my tongue as long and pointed as I could and began wiggling and pushing against her hole. Almost immediately I found myself French kissing her asshole.
Patty said, "Wow!" in a voice that sounded a little drunk, and began slowly twisting her ass around my tongue. I licked around her hole and tongue fucked her in time with her hip motions.
At the same time, Clarice was rotating the head of her dildo against my asshole. Every few seconds she would press gently in, and then resume twisting. On the next push, my asshole remembered how much it liked her fingers and opened to admit the fake cock. Clarice continued applying slow, steady pressure until the head of the dildo was past my inner ring. Then she applied more lube and resumed the pressure.
I replace my tongue with my finger, tickling and probing Patty's ass. As expected, Patty's ass opened up without warning. Surprisingly, I found my finger almost completely embedded in her ass. I withdrew my finger, added more lube, and within seconds had it completely buried in her ass again. I quickly added a second finger, with similar results, so I added a third. By then, Patty was fucking herself on the fingers up her ass and pussy.
Patty said, "That feels good, but I think I'm ready to fuck."
Clarice looked at Patty and saw her forcing her hungry ass onto my fingers. She looked at me and said, "Give the girl what she wants."
By then, Clarice had six inches of the dildo up my ass and had begun slowly fucking me with it. She pulled it out while I repositioned myself to fuck Patty doggy style and lubed up my cock. Clarice helped me socket the head into Patty's hole and then Patty did the rest, forcing her tight chute down to the base of my dick.
Clarice commented, "I guess you really are ready, slut." To me she said, "Take it slow."
I gave Patty a couple of thrusts before Clarice stopped me so she could put her fake cock back in my ass. When I resumed fucking Patty's ass, Clarice held the dildo still until I established a steady rhythm. Then, she started fucking me at the same pace. As I pulled out of Patty's ass, Clarice slid the dildo into mine. When I plunged my cock into Patty, Clarice pulled out. Patty soon began thrusting back against me, accelerating the pace, and Clarice continued to keep time.
Clarice reached under Patty so she could pinch and rub her clit. A minute later, Patty picked up the pace again, grunting as she pounded her ass on my cock. As Clarice increased the pace of her thrusts to match, I exploded. My thrusts became erratic as my balls contracted in time with the dildo thrusting into my ass.
As I relaxed, Clarice pushed the full length of the dildo into me and held it there while she frantically frigged Patty's clit. I could feel my ass ring clenching and relaxing around the fake cock as small aftershocks rippled through my lower body. Patty was still driving her ass onto my cock, and just when I thought my dick couldn't take any more stimulation, she came, sending spasms through her ass that squeezed and massaged my softening cock.
Patty and I collapsed onto the futon. Aftershocks rippled through us from time to time as we snuggled against each other. As our breathing returned to normal, we drifted off to sleep with my cock still lodged up Patty's ass. I vaguely remember Clarice pulling the dildo from my ass and laying a blanket over us. As she covered us, she leaned down and gave us each a brief, tender kiss.
Chapter 10: Lesbian - Patty and Clarice demonstrate their new strap-on to Ian.
The next evening, I stopped by to go to dinner with Patty and Clarice. When I walked into the room, they handed me a box wrapped in tissue paper with a gift card that said, "For Gay Boy."
When I opened the box, I found a bottle of lube, a cleaning bulb like Clarice's, and a butt plug. The head of the butt plug was an elongated egg shaped, about three or four inches long and a little over an inch in diameter at the widest point. The base was a slim t-shaped handle.
I asked them what they were for. Clarice answered, "Every good little gay boy needs to be ready for action." She said, "You know what those are for," as she pointed at the lube and the bulb. "The butt plug is so your ass will be ready for a good pounding without wasting a lot of time on foreplay. This one is designed so you can wear it under your clothes until you're ready to play."
I must have looked confused, because she went on to explain, "You can work the plug into your butt pretty easily, but it will stay in by itself. Once it's in there, you'll get used to the full feeling. When you pull it out, you'll want to get fucked."
I said, "Thanks, I guess, but you guys shouldn't be spending your money on stuff like this."
Patty laughed and said, "You can find stuff for almost nothing if you know where to shop. Now, go try out your new toy. We're starving and you're holding up dinner."
I started to ask a question, but Clarice cut me off saying, "Yes, you are wearing that to dinner."
I just shook my head and went down to the restroom. After I cleaned my ass and applied a little lube as Clarice had advised, I was surprised how easily the plug slid in. At dinner the girls told me it was a beginner plug, an inch and a quarter in diameter. They said gay boys like usually me graduate to bigger sizes pretty quickly.
I expected that it would be uncomfortable under my clothes, but I barely noticed the handle sticking out. As I walked back to the girls' room, I could feel it pressing against my crack, but it wasn't uncomfortable. What really surprised me was how much I liked the feeling of fullness as I walked. I also noticed a wet spot collecting in my boxers.
As I entered the room, the girls said, "Let us see it!"
I turned and lowered my pants, bending over and spreading my legs as much as I could. The girls apparently saw what they were looking for, because they clapped approvingly and Clarice said, "Gay boy looks good with his butt plug."
As I turned and pulled my clothes back up, Patty said, "Now we're all ready."
As I stopped to process that, Patty and Clarice looked at each other, smiled and turned away from me. That's when I notice that they both had short, cheerleader-type skirts on. As they turned, they flipped up their skirts and I caught a glimpse of handles identical to the one sticking out of my ass between each of their cheeks.
With that, the girls turned back, locked arms with me, and escorted me out the door.
As we were walking to the cafeteria, I asked them what they meant by, "Knowing where to shop."
Patty answered, "Do you remember Marina, the girl that lives down the hall from us?"
I sure did. "You mean the chick who looks like a Brazilian model? Seems like she's always walking naked to or from the showers."
One of the rules on the girls' floor was that public nudity was okay as long as you didn't hang out in the halls naked or have sex in any of the public spaces.
Clarice grinned and said, "We should have known you'd have noticed her."
Patty continued, "Marina works at this place called, 'Angels and Devils Gifts.' The owner likes to have college girls hang around, so he gives you a discount with a college ID."
I was thinking about the dingy adult video stores along the interstate. Luring college girls into that environment seemed really sketchy. I had to ask, "Why would he do that? Is he some kind of perv?"
Clarice answered, "No. The store is over by the business park, in a strip mall between the hotels and that upscale mall. He's trying to appeal to visiting businessmen and soccer moms."
Patty went on, "The staff is a bunch of wannabe Abercrombie models, MILFs, and middle-aged GQ models."
Clarice picked up the description, "When you walk in, there's a door to the right that says, 'Angelic Gifts' and a door straight ahead that says, 'Devilish Gifts.'"
Patty added, "That door also says, 'You must be 18 years old with valid proof of age to enter here.'"
Clarice continued, "The angel part of the store is pretty much PG and R rated romance stuff. It has cards, candy, balloons and that kind of stuff in front. Further back they have things like suggestive board games and calendars with pictures of hunky guys and half naked women. At the back, there is a big section with sexy lingerie. Next to that they sell stuff like massage oils, aroma therapy products, waterfall machines, and nature sound machines. Stuff to make you relax. They have a married couple on staff who are licensed massage therapists. They sell all that stuff and give massages in a couple of curtained off rooms at the back."
"The massage therapists also do in-home massages. I talked my dad into getting one for my mom when they came to visit. Mom said the guy was really good and Dad said it only cost him half of what Mom pays for a massage at the spa back home."
Patty cut in, "The staff in that part of the store is mostly MILFs and the GQ guys. They advertise that 'We'll help you build the perfect fantasy encounter for your loved one. Whether it's an afternoon retreat, a weeknight play date, or a weekend getaway, you'll both love the experience.' A couple of the staff members are licensed sex therapists who work there as a side job, and the owner has a travel agency next door that specializes in couple's vacations. Marina says they partner with local hotels, a wine shop, florists and other businesses. It sounds like they put together some pretty elaborate packages."
"One of my friends who's from the area got married last year. Her fianc arranged the wedding night through this place. She talked more about that night than she did about their honeymoon."
Clarice and I both stared at her, and Clarice asked, "Really?"
Patty laughed, "The store booked them a big executive suite overlooking the city. They advised them not to pay for the bridal suite with all the extras since they'd probably be too tired to enjoy it all on the wedding night, and in too much of a hurry the next day. She said it was perfect, with her favorite flowers, a wine she liked, and her favorite aromatherapy scent filling the room. She raved about the sheets. She said they were so soft and smooth, she'd be happy to wear nothing but a toga made out of that material for the rest of her life. But the highlight for her was a mink glove."
I didn't have any idea what she was talking about, but Clarice got a dreamy look on her face and said, "Oooh!"
Patty laughed and continued, "When she was in high school, her family went to visit an aunt that lived out of state. Her older cousin was away on a road trip for the weekend, so they let my friend stay in her room. She found a mink glove in the nightstand, and when she felt how soft it was, she knew exactly why her cousin had it. She spent hours that night rubbing the soft fur over her skin."
"Ever since then, she wanted one of her own. She had mentioned it in passing to her fianc and he remembered the comment. The store made sure there was one waiting in the room, prominently displayed on her pillow. She said they used that glove every day during the honeymoon."
"I just added something to my wish list," interjected Clarice before she took up the story, "Marina works in the devils gifts area. When you walk in, the first thing you see is a huge area full of every kind of adult toy imaginable. They have a lot of them out on display where you can actually touch them. The displays are also unique, because they use mannequins to show how the toys are used. A lot of the mannequins are those realistic sex dolls, so you can really picture how the toys work."
"They have a video section with preview booths in the back. Marina says that they only sell the really kinky videos, since you can get the 'normal' stuff on line so easily. She also said the video booths are built so the customers can't make glory holes, and they do a lot to make sure they don't get sticky and gross."
"They even sponsor events where they do live demonstrations. Mostly they demonstrate them on the mannequins, but sometimes they are interactive. We went to one where they were showing nipple clips, and we both volunteered to be test models. I was bummed because they wouldn't let me model the clit clamp."
I suddenly had a picture of Clarice wearing a set of nipple clips and a clit clamp attached to her delicate buds. I could picture what the heavy chain connecting them would look like draped over her tits and down her belly. My mouth went dry and my breathing changed instantly.
By then we had our food, so we joined some friends at a table. I had grown accustomed to the plug so I barely noticed it except when I moved suddenly. When I sat down at the table, I suddenly became very aware of its presence. As I looked at the girls, I could see that they were feeling the same thing. I paused momentarily with the back of my legs just touching the chair, and then sat down gently. The girls went through a similar maneuver. One of our friends seemed to notice, glancing at the three of us with a curious look, but then he returned his attention to the conversation without saying anything.
Patty, Clarice and I glanced at each other and then joined in the conversation, but I could see Clarice suppressing a laugh.
After dinner, we walked back to the girls' room. As we entered, Clarice walked towards the desk, saying to me, "So, you've just finished a romantic dinner with your gay-boy lover. As you enter his room, he drops his pants, and you see his massive erection, waiting to ravage you!" As she said, "massive erection," she opened the drawer, reached in, pulled out a strap-on dildo, and pressed the base to her crotch while thrusting her hips forward dramatically.
I started to laugh, but then I stopped and said, "Holy crap!" The dildo looked like it was 8 inches long and three inches across.
Patty giggled and asked, "Do you like it? We saw it while we were at the toy store and had to buy it. We thought it was a gift we could all enjoy."
Clarice handed the toy to me so I could examine it more closely. The dildo was attached to the harness by slipping it through a steel ring. When Patty saw me examining that part of the harness, she said, "This is the deluxe model. It comes with three dildos in graduated sizes. That's the large size, but we'll start you off with one of the smaller ones."
The harness was made of padded leather, with a wide waste belt and three straps that would go between the wearer's legs. The center strap had a plug mounted to it in a way that would allow you to slide it from front to back. Clarice explained, "You can put that plug in your pussy or your ass when you're wearing it. That's interchangeable too. You can even add a second slider and have plugs in both your pussy and ass."
The girls had gotten undressed while I examined their new toy. Now Patty took the harness from me saying, "Clarice wanted me to fuck her with this as soon as we got back from the shop, but I told her she had to be a good girl and finish her homework before she could play. Now I'm gonna give her a reward for being patient"
I watched as Patty slid the harness up her legs, the start to slide the plug into her cunt. Apparently she wasn't wet enough yet, so she lifted one leg onto the futon, slid the harness aside, and gestured for me to kneel. I was more than happy to be her fluffer, but as soon as she started really leaking she pushed me aside and slid the plug into her cunt hole.
After she finished tightening the straps, she gave the dildo a few tugs like a guy jacking off to make sure everything was secure. Clarice saw this and said, "Oh yeah, play with your cock for me lover. Make sure it's nice and hard before you ram it up my pussy."
Patty continued stroking her cock as she stepped to the futon where Clarice was lying with one foot up on the back and the other on the floor. Patty knelt between her legs with her cock just above Clarice's pussy slit and said, "Do you think you're worthy of my cock, slut?"
Playing along, Clarice answered her, "You know I'll do anything you want, lover."
Patty leaned over so her tits were over Clarice's face and said, "You can start by sucking on these. If you do a good job, I may let you feel my cock."
Clarice immediately began giving Patty's breasts a tongue bath. Patty's position had placed the underside of her tits over Clarice's mouth, so Clarice began flicking her tongue under Patty's boobs, licking everywhere she could reach. I know from experience that the undersides of Patty's tits are very sensitive, and I could see her start to react.
About the time Clarice had Patty's tits completely wet with spit, Patty sat up and said, "That was a good start, slut. I'll let you feel my cock for a moment."
Clarice reached for the dildo, but Patty slapped her hand away and grabbed it herself. Shifting back slightly, she lifted her cock and slapped it down into Clarice's slit. After pausing for a second, she slapped Clarice's cunt with her cock two more times. After the third slap, she left her cock laying in contact with Clarice's pussy lips and moved her hips to rub it up on down the length of Clarice's gash. Then she abruptly pulled it away and returned to her position with her tits in Clarice's face. She said, "Now slut, if you want to really feel my cock you'll have to make love to my nipples too."
Clarice quickly reached up and grabbed Patty under her arms, pulling her so that one nipple was at her lips. She circled it with her wet tongue before clamping her lips around Patty's areola and sucking it into her mouth. I could see that she was sucking like a baby trying to get her mother's milk, and it looked like she was using her tongue on the nipple at the same time.
Patty obviously liked whatever Clarice was doing, because she put a hand on the back of Clarice's head, pressing her mouth more tightly to her nipple. Clarice released her grip on Patty's sides and began squeezing, rubbing and tickling Patty's breasts.
Patty grabbed a handful of Clarice's hair and pulled her off the nipple she was sucking, then roughly shoved her mouth onto her other nipple.
After a few seconds, Patty pulled Clarice off her nipple and sat up. She said, "I shouldn't have to make you pay attention to both of my nipples. You know better, and you need to be punished."
Clarice said, "Yes ma'am, you're right" with a submissive look on her face.
Patty stood up and said, "You know what's coming. Assume the position."
Now this was getting interesting. I was sitting naked in the beanbag chair, and I'd been idly stroking my cock. I decided that I had better give that a rest or I might not be ready when called to action later.
Clarice sat up straight on the futon with her chin up and her hands behind her back. Patty told her, "Count to four." As Clarice nodded, Patty lashed out with her right hand and slapped Clarice's left breast. I could hear the crack, and I saw a red spot where her hand had landed. As Clarice said, "One," Patty slapped her right breast, followed by one more to each breast as Clarice counted, "Two, three, four."
I was a little shocked, mostly because I realized that I was turned on by what just happened. Normally I wouldn't consider pain to be something sexual, but I could see that both Patty and Clarice had done this before and they obviously enjoyed it. I made a mental note to ask them about that later.
As soon as the slaps stopped, Clarice knelt on the floor in front of Patty, put her hands on either side of Patty's breasts, and began licking, sucking and nibbling back and forth from one tit to the other. Patty looked down at her and gently stroked her hair.
Looking at Clarice, I realized that she was on fire from the tit slapping. Her face was flushed, and her nipples were two swollen, red nubs. I could smell her pussy from across the room, and I could see that it was visibly wet.
After a minute, Patty took Clarice's hand and pulled her to her feet. She leaned down and said, "You have done well, lover" as she gently kissed her. As they kissed, Patty laid Clarice back on the futon and laid on top of her with their breasts pressed together and her cock sandwiched between their bodies.
Patty paused for a moment to reposition her cock along Clarice's slit. As they resumed kissing, I saw a hunger. Patty crushed her mouth against Clarice's, probing with her tongue and occasionally biting her lip. Clarice was holding Patty's head with one hand, while she ran the other hand over Patty's ass and thighs, pulling their crotches together. Patty responded by sliding her cock up and down Clarice's slit.
This was the first time I had seen them make love, and it was intense to watch.
Clarice suddenly put her hands on Patty's shoulders and pushed her away saying, "I need to feel your cock in me, lover.
Patty pulled away to reposition herself at a better angle for penetration. As she positioned the head of her cock at Clarice's opening she leaned forward and whispered, "Help me put it in," as she gave her another gently kiss.
Clarice took hold of Patty's cock and inserted it into her pussy. She rubbed the head around her hole and then thrust her hips forward until the head was lodged firmly inside. Then she said, "Shove it all the way in now, lover."
Patty shoved her hips smoothly forward, and as I watched Clarice's cunt lips caress her shaft, the entire eight-inch length disappeared into Clarice's tiny body. Clarice stopped kissing Patty so she could take a couple of deep breaths as the two of them looked into each other's eyes. Clarice said, "The butt plug in my ass seems to make my pussy a lot more sensitive." Patty nodded and said, "I noticed that when I put the plug from the harness into my cunt."
After a few more moments of adjusting to the feeling of Patty's cock, Clarice smiled and said, "Fuck me hard, lover."
Patty put one hand on the back of the futon and the other on the arm as she slowly withdrew her hips, extracting the huge dick from Clarice's tight hole. As the head began to appear, she slammed her hips forward as hard as she could, causing Clarice to grunt and smile. After a few strokes, Patty established a fast rhythm that caused a continuous stream of grunts and incoherent mumblings from Clarice.
Clarice had her eyes closed tight. She was playing with her own tits and rubbing her clit, but occasionally she became aware of Patty and reached up to pinch her nipples and fondle her tits. Clarice wrapped her legs around Patty and began arching her body to meet each thrust.
After about three minutes of steady fucking, Patty looked at me and said, "I never realized how hard you guys work. Now I know why you like it when we're on top."
Patty shifted her position so she could support her weight on one hand and lean forward to kiss Clarice. She used her free hand to pinch and pull Clarice's nipples. As they kissed, I could see Clarice relax, no longer desperately reaching for an orgasm. Ironically, as soon as she relaxed the waves started to hit her. Within seconds, she was gasping, "Oh Patty," over and over, until she locked her legs so tightly around Patty that she couldn't move. Then she went completely limp.
Patty lowered herself down so that she was again laying on Clarice, but with her dick still lodged in Clarice's pussy. Patty gently kissed her face and stroked her hair as Clarice breathing returned to normal. Clarice took a final deep breath and opened her eyes. She looked into Patty's eyes and said, "You are my greatest lover," and then gave her a long, tender kiss.
Patty slowly got up, carefully pulling her cock out of Clarice's cunt. Clarice stopped her for a second so she could lick her juices off their new toy. Then Patty took off the harness and said to me, "Your turn next."
Chapter 11: Anal - Clarice fucks Ian's ass.
Clarice took the harness from Patty and removed the eight-inch dildo. Patty picked up two other dildos from the desk and asked Clarice which one she wanted. Clarice answered, "The six-inch one. That's the size he took last night. We can try the seven-inch another time."
Patty said, "I want to see him take the eight-inch."
Clarice made a sound of agreement, reaching for it and saying something like, "Oh, yeah! Stretch his little bitch ass," in an evil sounding voice. But instead, she attached the six-inch dildo to the harness and slid it on. After inserting the plug into her pussy, she adjusted the straps and made sure it was on tight. Then she stepped up to me and said, "How about sucking my cock, gay boy?"
Looking up at her face, I opened my mouth and she slid her cock in. She and Patty were both surprised when I took it all the way to the base on the first pass.
Clarice said, "You really are a gay boy cock slut."
She grabbed my head with her hands and began gently face fucking me. I relaxed my throat, made a tight seal with my lips, kept a steady suction, and let her go. Patty commented, "Look at that suction. Like a seasoned pro."
After a dozen strokes, Clarice pulled her cock out of my mouth and said, "He's been hard for a long time. That won't do."
With that, she knelt in front of me and deep throated my cock. She was all business, and as she predicted, I fed her my load in about thirty seconds.
Clarice explained, "Once you cum, your ass tends to be more relaxed."
Patty looked at Clarice and said, "I know the plan was to take Ian's ass cherry, but I want him to fuck my ass again. Can Ian fuck me while you fuck him?"
Clarice thought about it for a minute before she answered, "I was planning on having you give him a blow job while I fucked his ass, to keep him relaxed and keep his mind off any discomfort. Fucking you would accomplish the same thing."
Patty looked at my limp cock and said, "In that case, he's going to need some resuscitation."
Clarice smiled and pushed Patty back on the futon. "I know how to get him hard again fast," she said as she lowered her tongue to Patty's pussy.
Patty was obviously worked up from making love to Clarice, and from anticipation of what was to come. Her cunt was dark red and dripping wet. She came within seconds of when Clarice's tongue touched her pussy. Clarice continued to bring her to a half-dozen more orgasms. By the time she came up for air, I was definitely ready for round two.
After sharing a lingering kiss with Patty, and kissing me so I could taste Patty on her lips, Clarice looked at my now-erect cock and said, "I think the patient has recovered."
Patty squealed in anticipation and said, "Well, let's get started!"
Clarice directed Patty to kneel on the floor with her upper body resting on the futon. She positioned me behind her and told me to remove the plug from her ass and make sure she was ready. She warned me to pull it out slowly.
I grabbed the base of the plug and applied gentle pressure. Patty's ass ring bulged out slightly, but seemed determined to keep hold of its new toy. At Clarice's suggestion, I gently fucked the toy in and out of her ass until I saw her ring gradually open up. I was fascinated watching it stretch around the toy.
Patty lay there, her head cradled on her arms, eyes closed, taking long, slow breaths with a dreamy look on her face. As the plug started to emerge, I thrust it all the way back in, and then pulled it out again. This caused Patty to gasp softly before her breathing resumed its steady rhythm. She still appeared to be relaxed, but she was taking deeper breaths and I could see a flush creeping over her face.
I continued this motion until I was withdrawing the plug so that the tip was just inside her inner sphincter and plunging the full length back into her hole. This caused her to give an audible moan of pleasure, and I could see her sphincter pulse in time with her heartbeat.
I finally pulled the plug all the way out. As I watched Patty's asshole slowly close, I had an urge to kiss it. I gave her a gentle kiss, then I opened my mouth and began circling her hole with my tongue. After a few seconds, I forced my tongue into her hole, swirling and fluttering it in the opening.
As I was bent over doing this, Clarice was watching me and mirroring the actions with the plug in my ass. It was a little weird to tease Patty's ass with her plug and feel the same sensation in my own hole. As Clarice used the plug to fuck my ass in synchronization with my hand movements, I thought I could have an orgasm just from that feeling. I glanced down at my pulsing cock and saw a large puddle of precum on the floor between my legs.
As I continued my oral exploration of Patty's ass, I reached between her legs to graze my fingers over her abdomen and flick her clit with my thumb. She shuddered and gave an approving groan.
Just then, Clarice said, "It looks like she's ready."
As I rose up on my knees and started to shuffle forward, Clarice leaned her head between Patty and me so she could kiss and lick her friend's asshole for a few seconds. She looked at me with an apologetic grin and said, "I've always thought she has the most edible ass."
She moved back, allowing me room to get in position, and then she spread Patty's ass while I took hold of my cock and directed it to her opening. Clarice produced a bottle of lube and let a large dollop drip down Patty's crack and onto the head of my cock. I used my cock to spread it around her hole, and then Clarice put her hand on my ass, encouraging me to press in.
I applied gentle pressure, and then Clarice released her hand, indicating I should back up. I continued this gentle in-out motion, always keeping my cock in contact with Patty's hole, until the head popped inside her sphincter.
Clarice gave me a sign to stop, and said, "Hold it there for a minute."
Clarice asked Patty how it felt. Patty answered, "My ass is tingling, and the tingles are traveling all the way to my pussy and my nipples."
To me if felt like the space between Patty's inner and outer sphincters had been made to give my cock head the ultimate massage. My crown was completely enveloped in her hot, squeezing flesh. Her ass ring, wrapped around the corona of my cock, was stimulating all of the most sensitive nerve endings in my body. I didn't want to move from that position, and at the same time I wanted to plunge full length into her ass.
Clarice smiled and told me to slowly pull out. When I did, she poured a line of lube over the top of my cock and spread it all over. Then she poured more lube into her cupped hand and coated my cock head with it. Finally, she poured some onto her first two fingers and worked them into Patty's asshole until they were completely inserted.
Satisfied that we were all sufficiently lubricated, she grabbed my cock and pressed the head to Patty's asshole. Without being told, I pressed gently in, and after just a moment of resistance, I popped through her ring and sank slowly into her ass until I felt my balls grazing her pussy slit.
Patty groaned, "Oh, god. I'm learning to love that feeling! Why didn't I try this sooner?"
I was enjoying the tightness and the heat, so I replied, "I don't know, but I'm willing to help you make up for lost time."
Clarice laughed and said, "And two more anal sex fiends are born."
Clarice told me to stay still and relax. I laid down gently on Patty's back where I could nibble on her ear. I ran my hands down her sides, over her ass and up the insides of her thighs. As I reached her pussy, I wiggled one finger between her lips until I could circle it around her clit. After a moment of that, I went back to exploring her body with my hands.
As I continued rubbing and teasing Patty, Clarice was tonguing my hole. Her experience at anal sex was obvious. Her tongue was sending electric shocks from my ass to my cock. When she speared her tongue into my hole I could feel it opening to let her in and clamping down to keep her tongue from leaving. I let out a groan when she switched from tonguing my ass to sucking my balls into her mouth.
She went back and forth between my ass and my balls a couple of times before she decided I was ready. As I had done for Patty, she lubed my hole and her cock before lightly pressing the dildo to my ass ring with a rhythmic fucking motion. I could feel my ass resisting, not wanting to be stretched. I concentrated on relaxing and tried to focus on the feeling of my hands roaming over Patty's body. Within a few seconds I was rewarded by the feeling of Clarice's cock entering my ass.
I gasped, "Oh. I can't believe how good that feels. Give me more."
Clarice cautioned me, "Patience. You'll get all that I have in good time."
She pulled out, as I knew she would, and lubed us up again. When she pushed back in, my ass was ready and immediately opened to accept her shaft. Once she was through my inner ring, she applied slow, steady pressure and sank completely into my ass with almost no resistance. I enjoyed the fullness, but I somehow didn't feel full enough, so I said so.
Clarice laughed and said, "So, you're one of those size queens. Why don't you wait to see how this feels pounding your tight little hole before you ask for more."
She slowly pulled out until only an inch was left in my ass, and then she drove her cock back into me. She slowly increased the pace over a dozen strokes until I could hear her hips slap into my ass on each stroke. Each time she pulled out, I wanted to tell her to stay buried in my ass. The emptiness was almost unbearable. I only kept quiet because of the anticipation of being rammed full again.
Patty made a soft sound of satisfaction each time Clarice drove into me and forced my cock deeper into her ass. Just as I was thinking I should start fucking her, Clarice pulled almost all the way out and paused to ask me, "Do you still want more?"
I did, and I told her so. I loved the way all the nerves in my ass felt every inch of her cock, and I wanted more.
Clarice pulled completely out of my ass, and set about to change to the seven-inch cock.
While she did that, I asked Patty, "Are you ready for some fucking?"
She answered, "I thought you'd never ask."
I raised myself off her back and looked down to where my cock disappeared into her ass. As I started to pull out, I was fascinated by the way her ring clung to my cock, like it didn't want to let me go. The cold air on my cock was a shock after having it buried in her steamy heat for so long. I could see that my cock was getting dry, so I added more lube, pulling my cock out until just the head was pulling against Patty's ring. I repeated this a couple of times until Patty groaned and said, "Stop teasing and fuck my ass hard!"
I set the lube aside and said, "Yes ma'am" and drove into her hard. The sudden thrust forced the air out of her body in a hissing, "Yes."
I held her hips in both hand and cautiously increased my pace. As I did, Patty rose up on her elbows and started meeting my strokes. Soon, she was driving her ass onto my cock with all her strength.
I found myself comparing Patty's ass to a pussy. The most obvious difference was that her ass was hotter and tighter than any pussy I'd ever screwed. The sensation of her sphincter cinched around my shaft was also different. With most girls, when I'm really thrusting hard I can feel the tip of my cock bump their cervix every now and then, but my shaft went smoothly into Patty's ass no matter how hard or deep I banged her.
I saw that Clarice was ready again, so I gradually slowed to a stop. When Patty groaned in complaint, I whispered into her ear, "My ass is hungry too."
Clarice added lube to my ass and quickly inserted the bigger cock into me. I immediately felt the added stimulation and was glad she had made the change. Clarice asked me if I wanted her to change back to the smaller dildo and I answered enthusiastically, "No way! This is just what I wanted!"
Clarice made a couple of slow strokes, then slammed into me, causing me to cry out, "Fuck yes! Fuck me hard!"
I started slowly fucking Patty while Clarice drove into me. We found it worked best if I took control, driving my cock into Patty and then fucking myself on Clarice's cock as I pulled out.
I soon found that I needed to hold tight to Patty's hips for leverage to fuck both girls. I apologized for not being able to give her a reach around. She said, "I've got you covered," and started fingering herself. I think that was what she needed to put her over the edge, because soon after she gritted her teeth and start sucking in deep breaths. A moment later, she went rigid, and her asshole went into spasms around my cock. I could barely move, her grip was so tight, so I pushed all the way in and held still.
Clarice took over pounding my ass, which caused my cock to continue moving in Patty's clasping ass. The milking sensation from Patty's ass combined with the renewed pounding in my ass sent me over the edge. I felt my ass clamp down on Clarice's cock, and then my cum shot up my cock and into Patty's ass so hard that I saw stars.
As I came to my senses, I felt Clarice draped over my back, with her cock still tightly embedded in my ass, while I had Patty wrapped in my arms as she lazily moved her ass on my cock. We stayed like that for a few more minutes before Clarice sat back and gently pulled her cock out of my ass. I sighed at the empty feeling, and then slowly pulled out of Patty.
As I did, Patty said, "Don't forget the cleanup."
I looked at Clarice and she said, "Even though you cleaned yourselves, there can still be bacteria. You'd be taking a risk, but the chance are low."
As soon as Patty hear that, she turned and engulfed my cock. When she had licked it clean, she presented me with her ass, which I dutifully licked clean.
Patty looked at Clarice as I finished and said, "You're the only one who didn't get any anal loving. Do you want me to show you how the strap-on works back there?"
Clarice said, "I don't think I have the energy right now."
Patty pulled Clarice onto her back on the futon and said, "Well, let us show you our appreciation like this." She leaned over Clarice's body, pulling her legs up and spreading them. As she did that, she indicated to me that I should come up behind Clarice. I got the idea, and as Patty ate her pussy, I gently pulled the plug out of her asshole and gave it a thorough workout with my tongue. We brought her to several slow, groaning orgasms before she finally went rigid and cried out, "Oh god!"
As we disentangled ourselves, Clarice reached for me and pulled me down to give me a kiss that almost had me hard again before she breathed softly into my ear, "Thank you." As I reached for my clothes, she pulled Patty onto the futon next to her. As pulled my clothes on, the two of them were cuddled up together, sleepily kissing and stroking each other. When I was dressed, I gave them each another kiss, covered them with a blanket, and left.