Author's Note
All characters in this part of the Amy the Exhibitionist series are over the age of legal consent.
V
Ch. 09 -- Part 13 -- My first few months at University - fifth part
My Thursday / Friday Job
It's going well. When I was there last Friday I was wearing my Pocket Rocket. I had it turned on low when Bob asked me to get him and Joe a coffee. I didn't bother turning the Pocked Rocket off as it would only take me a couple of minutes; and I thought it would be nice to serve coffee to 2 men with a pleasant vibration going on in my pussy.
I was in the kitchen area and the kettle had just boiled when the fire alarm went off.
Before I knew it everyone was walking out. Joe grabbed my arm and said that we had to get out. As we were walking to the main door I asked about my clothes. Joe said that we couldn't go back, we had to keep going, and there might be a real fire.
We all went down the stairs and out onto the street. Now this is a street in the middle of town with lots of people going by. There were dozens of people standing around, and quite a few were looking at this naked girl standing there in amongst them. Bob, Joe and the other guys were standing in a circle round me, but others could see that I was naked. People were coming to talk to my colleagues so that they could look at me.
It was so exciting standing out in a crowded street in the middle of the day, naked, with a vibe inside me quietly pleasuring me, and lots of people looking at me. So much so, that I was getting really turned on. I mean really turned on.
The Fire Brigade arrived and I'm sure that at least one Fireman saw me.
It was too much. I started shaking and biting my lip to stop myself screaming out. I vaguely remember someone asking me if I was cold and someone else asking if I wanted to borrow a jacket.
I was glowing and not at all cold. I declined the offer of the jacket and just stood there partially oblivious to the people watching me.
Someone must have given the all clear because everyone started going back in. There were 2 Firemen just inside the door as we went in and they had a big grin on their faces as I went passed them.
When we got back to the office Bob asked me if I realised that lots of people in the other offices were going to be visiting us just to see if they could see the naked girl.
I apologised to Bob.
Human Anatomy the second session
Both David and Nathan were there when I arrived. I was a little late and apologised.
David told us to get undressed and follow him in.
When we went in I was told to lie on the examination couch and put my feet in the stirrups. David explained to the students that he was going to show them how to do an internal examination. He explained that it is always a good idea to stimulate the clitoris before going inside the vagina as it usually gets the patient to lubricate naturally, rather than having to use KY Jelly. It worked for me.
By the time his finger went in I was quite wet.
His finger probed round inside me, with long pauses, as he explained what he was doing to the students.
That warm, tingly feeling was starting.
I looked over at Nathan and saw that he was getting a hard-on.
David then produced a speculum and demonstrated the correct way to insert it. He did this a couple of times, presumably to make sure that the students understood.
David then pulled over a chair and shone a torch into me and explained what the students should look for.
I was getting more and more aroused and knew that I couldn't last much longer, but all of a sudden it stopped.
David went over to Nathan. He had his back to me so I couldn't see what he was doing, and I wasn't really listening. I was too busy dreaming about what I hoped was about to happen.
And it did. A few minutes later David told the students to come forward and practice what they had just been told.
Wow, I was expecting some pleasure, but those 20 or so students (male and female) practicing stimulating my clit, fingering me, inserting the speculum and breathing all over my pussy as they looked into me, brought me to orgasm after orgasm after orgasm. At one point they had to stop and let me calm down before they started again.
I was knackered by the time David called it to a halt. I'm not sure, but I think that a couple of the men had more than one session working on my puss. I had a bit of trouble walking out of that room and was still sat naked when David came in, thanked us and paid us our money.
Ella's Third and Final Hazing
Once again, Ben worked hard to organise things. Ella first choice was: -
Session 1 -- a. Repeat your second hazing, but with a much larger audience and a greater number of participants.
With more people paddling my backside I'm hoping that I will be able to go through the pain barrier into the pleasure part and reach an orgasm.
If you would like to practise this on me before the hazing session I will be more than happy.
Ben organised the venue and audience. He tells me that it isn't the same place that I did my second, first hazing, but I'm not sure. Anyway, Katie and I met Ella, blindfolded her and led her to the door of the room. I double checked that Ella still wanted to go through with it. She nodded. So we went in. There must have been a good 20 people in there.
There was loud cheering when they saw us. I could see Ella mouth the words 'Oh fuck.' When the noise died down I read out the words about NEWP Sorority hazing like I did the last time (see part 9).
There was already a big table at one side of the room to I told Ella to take off the blindfold and the rest of her clothes. When she could see again, she looked round and said, "Oh fuck.' again.
As her top then her skirt came off the crowd cheered. Her little nipples looked rock hard.
I'd decided to use the deck of cards system that Katie had used for my second, first hazing as it was fair and easy to use. I handed the deck of cards to the nearest student and told him to take one and pass the rest on until everyone had a card.
While this was going on I told Ella to lie on the table with her legs facing the audience, and wide open as I went and found a bag that Ben had put in the corner of the room earlier.
When things went quiet I announced that when I read out a card name, the holder of that card would come forward and give the Pledge 5 swats with the table tennis bat that I'd got out of the bag. When I read out the next card, the first person would hold the Pledge's left ankle as high as it could go; and the second person would administer 5 swats. When I read out the third card, the first person would go to the right ankle, the second person to the left ankle and the third person would administer 5 more swats. I didn't bother explaining any more.
I told them that the Pledge had a backside big enough for everyone to have a go so just be patient, everyone would get a go.
I read out the first card name and a young man came forward. I gave him the bat and told him to get on with it. His first 2 swats were gentle but they got harder. Ella was counting.
When the fourth person came out I told the ones holding Ella's ankles to spread her even more. I looked at Ella; she had tears in her eyes, red marks on her bum and a wet pussy.
The seventh person (a girl) had a mean streak and Ella screamed out. Tears were rolling down the sides of her face. I caught her eye and mouthed, "You okay?" She nodded.
By the thirteenth person Ella was quiet. The tears were still running. I could see Ella's chest going up and down quickly.
As the seventeenth person (another girl) came forward, Ella looked like she was oblivious to the swats. Her sobbing had stopped and she was just lying there like she was in a trance. He breathing was completely normal.
While the seventeenth person swatted Ella's backside I saw that Ella had started breathing heavily and was glowing.
When the last person came forward I swapped the bat for a cane that was in the bag. The young man looked at me. I nodded. The first of his swats made Ella gasp. The third started her shaking and when the fourth landed she shouted, "YES," as an orgasm hit her hard (no pun intended). The young man's fifth got Ella shouting again and she jerked so much that her feet came free from the hands holding them.
I gave Ella a couple of minutes to rest as I announced that 5 people were going to be personally thanked by the Pledge. I told everyone to swap cards with someone so that everything would be fair.
I read out 5 card names and 4 men and 1 girl came forward.
I looked at Ella and told her to get on her knees on the floor. She winced as she got up and down. Her backside must have hurt like hell.
Kneeling in front of the first guy, Ella unzipped his trousers and pulled out his cock. It was already hard so Ella engulfed it with her mouth and started sucking. It wasn't long before he started pushing further into her mouth and she started gagging.
He let her get some air then thrust in again. This time he groaned and held her head close. When he pulled out he wiped the end of his cock on her nose and walked away.
Number 2 let Ella do all the work. He just stood there as Ella's head bobbed up and down. He too didn't last long. But he pulled out at the last moment and covered Ella's face with his cum.
Number 3 only had a small cock and it was easy for Ella to take the lot and get him to cum. He too pulled out and shot his load on to her face.
Number 4 really gave Ella hell. He rammed into her throat and made Ella's face go red as she tried to get air. In and out he went, just as if he was fucking her pussy. Eventually his face screwed up and he held her head hard on him. I saw Ella throat move like she was swallowing and the man let her go.
The last one was the girl. She was wearing jeans and Ella un-fastened them and pulled them down and off. No knickers.
I told her to lie on the table with her bum on the edge. She did, but not facing the audience so I told her to move. Her bald pussy was facing everyone.
I held Ella back for a couple of minutes to let the audience have a long look at the girl's pussy. If they weren't going to see mine then they sure as hell were going to have a good look at hers and Ella's.
Eventually I motioned for Ella to go and eat her. Everyone was silent as Ella teased her clit with her tongue. Ella reached up and pushed her hand up the girl's top. She pushed her top and bra up over her breasts and played with her nipples.
It took a while, but Ella made her cum. A loud one it was as well.
The both got up and the girl went back to her boyfriend. The thing was, she left her jeans at the front.
Ella may have thought that it was over, but no, I got a condom out of the bag and held it up. I announced that for the finale, one luck guy was going to fuck the pledge. Ella looked surprised as I called out a card name.
With a mixture of groans and the odd cheer, a guy came forward. I gave him the condom and told Ella to get back on the table. With her bum just over the edge of the table the man thrust in and out. Ella's little breasts were bouncing back and forward as much as little, pert breasts can. One of the man's hands went to a breast and squeezed hard. Ella went, "Oow!" but he didn't stop.
Ella orgasmed but the man kept going. I could see Ella getting close to her second orgasm when the man suddenly stopped moving and trust deep into Ella. He went, "Aaargh," and the both orgasmed.
Eventually the man released Ella's breast and pulled out. Ella looked knackered.
I told her to stay put and pulled my Pocket Rocket out of the bag and gently inserted it into Ella as she lay on the table.
With my back to Ella, and facing the audience I got the remote control out of the bag and turned it on full.
Ella screamed a bit and jumped up. The audience laughed.
I announced that the hazing was over and thanked them for their help. I gave Ella the blindfold and told her to put it on. Picking up her clothes and putting them into my bag I led her out of the room.
I led her out of the building before giving her clothes to her and telling her to put them on. I led her to somewhere that she knew then told her to take off the blindfold.
As we walked to the nearest bar to get a stiff drink for her, I asked Ella for her thoughts. The first thing that she said was that her backside hurt like hell. I stopped her and went behind her. In the middle of the street I lifted the back of her skirt and looked at the red marks. While I was looking at her backside a couple of young men walked passed and one of them asked if Ella had been a naughty girl. We ignored them.
After a few seconds I dropped Ella's skirt and told her that there was no permanent damage and that it would tale about a week for the marks to disappear. I turned her round and gave her a big hug and kiss on her mouth. I felt her relax.
Ella said that apart from her backside, she'd enjoyed it. She was really pleased that she'd gone through the pain barrier and orgasmed while being caned. I asked her if she'd do it again. She said that she would, but not within the next week.
We left the pub and headed back to Ella's dorm. I undressed her, and me, and I took her for a shower. I gently soaped her all over, and then rinsed her before wrapping a towel round her. She just stood watching me wash myself. The poor girl was too knackered to do anything else.
I put her to bed and left.
The next morning Ella phoned me to thank me for looking after her, and also if we could wait a few days before the next part of her hazing.
Session2 -- c. Streak through the town's main shopping mall on a Saturday afternoon.
This was the easy one to setup. I met Ella at McDonalds in the shopping centre and took her to the toilets at one end of the shopping centre. I told her to go into a cubicle and take off all her clothes, and her shoes, and pass them out to me. I then told her to count to 100 then come out and run to the toilets at the other end of the shopping centre. We were on the ground floor and the toilets at the other end are on the first floor.
What I didn't tell her was that Katie and Ben were strategically positioned along the route she would take. I headed off to the other toilets.
I was just getting near the toilets when I heard a bit of a commotion behind me. I turned to see a naked Ella running flat out towards me with a security guard running about 20 yards behind her. She didn't see me as she turned a corner and out of sight. As the guard passed me I ran after him. When I turned the corner the guard was stopped right in front of me. He was looking all around. Ella had disappeared. The security guard got on his radio and asked if they'd seen where she'd gone on the CCTV system. They hadn't, so he said that he'd check the nearby shops.
He went into an electrical shop and I stood and looked round thinking where I would go. I saw a small clothes shop that looked nearly empty. That was my guess.
There was only a young girl working in the shop and I started browsing the racks as the girl walked to the back of the shop. She was nearly there when the security guard came in and asked her if she'd seen a streaker. She said not and continued walking.
When she got to the changing cubicles I heard her ask if the person in one of them was okay. I heard Ella say that she was. I moved closer and heard Ella explain that she had lost a bet and that she was paying the price. Ella asked the girl if she could stay there for a while until things quietened down.
The girl said that she was about to close the shop and that she'd have to ask her to leave. Ella pleaded to be able to stay and said that she'd do anything. After a few seconds silence the girl said that there might be something that Ella could do. She told Ella to wait there and turned to walk back into the main part of the shop.
I ducked down behind a rack. The girl looked round, saw no one and went and shut the shop.
She went back to Ella and told her to come out of the cubicle. Looking all around, Ella stood in front of the girl. She told Ella that the shop was shut and that they were alone. She them told Ella to take her (the girl's) clothes off.
Ella looked a bit surprised but did so. She started with the girl's blouse. The girl was wearing a see-through bra over her small breasts. Next the skirt was taken off to reveal a little thong. The bra and thong came off leaving her naked apart from her shoes. Her bald pubes seemed to shine in the shops light.
The girl reached over to Ella and caressed her breasts. Ella got the message and did the same to the girl. After a couple of minutes the girls broke away and sat on the chair that was outside the changing area. She beckoned Ella over and told her to make her cum.
Ella opened the girl's legs and got to work with her hand while leaning over and taking a nipple in her mouth.
It didn't take long for the girl's head to go back and for her to start moaning. Ella moved her mouth down to the girl's pussy and I watched the girl start shaking.
When it was over, the girl told Ella to dress her, and then offered to lend Ella a dress, but Ella declined, asking the girl if she would have a look around outside to see if there were any security guards there. She did and came back to say that it was all clear. Ella thanked the girl again, and then took off running.
I stood up and walked to the door. As I passed the girl I just said, "Interesting!"
When I got to the toilets I couldn't see Ella so I called out her name. A cubicle door opened and Ella stuck her head out. I gave her clothes to her and watched her get dressed. We then walked back to McDonalds at the other end of the shopping centre. We walked passed 2 security guards but neither of them took any notice of us.
Again, Ella phoned me the next morning to thank me.
Session 3 -- Please can you combine: -
k.Attend a university student's party naked.
d. Be the star at a bukake party.
e. Get gangbanged.
These to be in one marathon session where I will get 'used and abused' by a group of men. I have always dreamed of what it would be like to be a sex slave and this seems like the perfect opportunity to find out.
It took Ben a couple of weeks to fine someone who lived in a house where we could hold the party during which I had a few phone calls from Ella asking how things were going. I kept telling her that we were waiting for her red backside to get back to normal and that it was difficult to find the right location.
Anyway, Ben did come up trumps again. Four of his mates share a rented house and they all agreed to let it happen there. Those 4 were the only ones (apart from Ben, Katie, Ella and I) that knew what was going to happen.
Us 3 girls and Ben met one of the 4 in a pub and had a few drinks before going to the house. Before we went in we told Ella to strip naked (in the street).
We went in to find about 30 students there, mainly men, but a few girls. Ella was a hit from the start. All the guys wanted to talk to her and get her a drink. A couple of the girls also wanted to talk to her to find out why she was naked.
A few drinks later Ben told me that everything was set-up and the big box of condoms was in the room waiting. I got Ella and took her to the room.
There was a big bed in there with a big plastic sheer over it. Ella went and lay in the middle. There were ropes tied to each corner and I helped Ben tie them to her wrists and ankles. I gave Ella one last chance to back out. She said that she still wanted to go through with it.
One of Ben's mates had agreed to act as a 'bouncer' with Ben, just in case there was any trouble. For his help I told him that he could go first while Ben went out to where the music was coming from and switched it off. When it was quiet he announced that there was a young lady in the back bedroom that wanted to be gangbanged and was suitable restrained ready, He said that there was only one condition and that was any man who wanted to fuck her had to wear a condom. There was a bit of groaning so Ben announced that there was a big box of condoms in the room.
I watched Ben's mate fuck Ella. She was a bit tense. I guessed that she was nervous.
She didn't cum.
Ben and the bouncer let the men in one at a time and I watched 16 men fuck Ella. She came about 5 times, I wasn't really counting. About half way through a couple of other girls who wanted to watch came in and stood at the side of the bed with me. All 3 of us girls played with ourselves as we watched.
When the queue ran out I untied Ella and held her while she pulled herself together. She told me that her pussy was very sore, but apart from that she felt good.
After about 5 minutes later I asked Ella if she still wanted to go through with the second part. She did and she lay back with her legs wide open ready to get covered with man juice.
I told Ben that Ella was ready and he stopped the music again and announced that the young lady would like every man there to go and wank in front of her and to shoot their loads all over her.
Four other girls asked if they could watch.
At one point I could hardly see Ella for all the naked man butts that surrounded her. As soon as one man finished another would take his place.
It took about 15 minutes for enough space for me to see Ella. She was using her hands to help 2 of the men to cum. She had blobs of white man juice all over her. Her hair was all matted and she had obviously had to wipe it out of her eyes.
Eventually all that wanted to cum over Ella had done so. She just laid there, arms and legs spread. The 4 girls left, one of them saying, "what a slut." I guess that she was jealous.
I went and sat next to Ella and asked if she was okay. She smiled and said, "That was fun, can I do it again?"
I took Ella to the bathroom and turned the shower on for her. After she'd got all the cum and sweat off she opened the curtain further and asked if I wanted to join her. I did, and we enjoyed ourselves under the warm water for a while before getting out.
Neither of us got dressed and we went and cleaned up the bedroom where the deed had been done.
Going downstairs we found Ben and Ella said that she wanted to thank him properly for helping NEWPS to organise her hazing. Ben said that it wasn't necessary and she took him back upstairs to the bathroom. Ben later told me that she'd fucked him without a condom.
The party was still going strong so we joined the fun and dancing, still naked. Some of the boys managed to persuade 3 of the other girls there to strip off as well, not that they'd been wearing much, no more than I had been when I went there.
Katie re-appeared and stripped off to dance with us as well. She told me that she'd been in one of the other bedrooms with one of the boys who lived there.
The party finally wound down around 3 am and we left. Ben almost had to force the 3 of us to put some clothes on. Ella stayed in my bed that night and Ben stayed with Katie.
The following day later we got this email from Ella: -
Dear NEWP Sorority,
Thank you so much for organising my third hazing and for letting me act out some of my fantasies. Not that I was acting last night.
When I re-did my second hazing I was quite shocked when I saw how many people were there. I was thrilled that I was naked in front of them, but terrified that they were all going to paddle my backside. Some of them hurt me quite a lot and I'm sorry to say that I couldn't stop myself from crying. As it went on and on and on the pain seemed to stop and I just lay there not feeling them hit me. It was like my backside was numb.
Towards the end my pussy started to tingle and the swats started to feel good. I knew that I wanted to cum but I just didn't seem to be getting there. That was until I saw the cane in Amy hand. I got real scared, but I could feel my pussy oozing my juices.
When the cane hit me it felt like I'd had a vibe throbbing in me for hours. I suddenly knew that I was about to cum. I think it was the third stroke that started me cumming and when the fourth stroke hit me I virtually exploded. It was amazing; it was one of the strongest orgasms that I have ever had.
While I was enjoying the after-glow I heard Amy tell the audience that I was going to thank some of them. I'd forgotten about that bit. It was fun giving the blow jobs, except for the one that tried to keep his cock half way down my throat. For a couple of seconds I thought that I was doing to die.
The girl tasted good, kind of sweet. Her little nipples were rock hard.
Amy surprised me again, when she said that I was going to be fucked by one lucky man. He fucked me hard, I remember sliding back and forwards on the table as he rammed into me. I think that he took me to 2 orgasms, good ones, but he did leave my pussy sore.
I didn't know what Amy put in my pussy, I presumed that it was a dildo, and you can imagine my surprise when it burst into life.
I was so pleased that Amy looked after me when it was over, I was knackered and my backside and pussy hurt like hell.
The second part of my hazing didn't quite go as I expected either. As that security guard chased me I had visions of me being locked-up still naked. I was pleased and surprised by the girl in the clothes shop. I didn't see her demands coming, but was quite happy to oblige.
The third part of my hazing did go roughly as I expected. I have now lived one of my fantasies and I thank you all for that.
Anyway, how did I get on in your eyes, have I passed my third hazing? Is there anything else that need to do before becoming a fully-fledged member of NEWPS?
If this is my last hazing I would just like to take this opportunity to thank you all for changing my life. I am not the girl that walked into Whittle University those few months ago. I am a much happier, self-confident girl who has discovered what she enjoys doing.
THANK YOU
Yours obediently,
Ella
Flashing one of my Professors and Labs group
I had 2 lectures from Prof Gibbons this last week. I met Sarah before the first one and asked her if she's remembered the remote vibe. She had, and got the control out of her bag. I was wearing my Pocket Rocket and got the control out of my bag. I then asked Sarah to swap controls for the lecture, telling her that if we leave the controls on top of our books the Prof might come and 'innocently' play with them. I told her that he may look as if he hasn't a clue what they are, but he does, and he fiddles with them to wind us up. He'd done that to me one week and I'd had all on not to scream out with pleasure.
I told Sarah that if he did that we would be able to sit there as calm as could be and he wouldn't have a clue what was going on.
What I hadn't bargained on was him picking one up and turning it up more and more because he didn't get the reaction he'd expected. Although the one of us that he was standing next to was all calm and collect, the other one of us was in pleasurable agony.
He did it standing next to Sarah quite early on in the lecture. When Sarah didn't react he turned my Pocket Rocket up high. Three chairs along I was struggling to stay still and quiet. My face felt as hot as hell and my chair was getting wet. He eventually put the control down and walked away from Sarah. She quickly turned the control down. I looked at Sarah and mouthed the words 'thank you'.
I'd been sitting there with my legs open all through the lecture, and once when I thought that he was looking I reached down and scratched an itch right at the top of my inner thigh. He didn't react, but a couple of minutes later he came and stood next to me. Without missing one word of his lecture he reached for the control.
In what must have looked like an absentminded way he moved the control up and down. He was looking right at my face but I didn't react one little bit. He turned it up to full and still looked at my face. Then he shook it. Nothing. He gave up and continued walking round the room.
I looked over to Sarah as I switched it off. The poor girl was bright red and had sweat beads all over her face. I smiled and winked at her. She smiled back.
At the end of that first lecture last week Prof Gibbons gave both Sarah and I a DVD as we were leaving his lecture. He didn't say anything but he smiled. When I got to my room I played it and saw that it's a compilation of lots of girls flashing their pussies in his lectures. The cameras are far enough away to be able to get the girls head in as well. I say cameras because the surrounds are different.
Every one of the girls has a shaved pussy and some of them have what is probably a vibe just sticking out of their pussies. I found both Sarah and myself on there, along with 2 other girls that I know.
At the end of the second lecture Prof Gibbons asked Sarah and I to stay back. When everyone else had left he told us that we were going to help a friend of his with a Fashion exhibition. He said that the Fashion Design course wanted 4 'live' models. The shop display mannequins were just not good enough for the exhibition that they were putting on.
Prof Gibbons gave us each a piece of paper with a location and date and time and told us to be there, and for each of us to take a friend along. He looked at me and said that he could guess who I'd take along. He looked at Sarah and told her that finding someone would be a nice little challenge for her.
We went to the coffee shop and talked about what had happened during the lecture, and what we were going to do about his demands. I'd already told Sarah about Katie but Sarah told me that she had no idea who she could get to go with us. I thought about Ella and got Sarah's mobile number and told her that I would phone her.
When I got back to my room I told Katie what she was going to have to do, well as much as I knew, which was next to nothing; then I phoned Ella. I explained to Ella that it was nothing to do with NEWPS but she said that she didn't care. If it would help me out then she was happy to do it.
I gave the Lab geeks a pleasant surprise this week. I pit a bit of chewing gum in the top press fastener on my Lab coat and it kept popping open letting them look in at my nipples. Of course I pretended that I hadn't noticed, even when I caught one of them looking and blushing. I might just use some chewing gum on the bottom press fastener for next week.
Gym Club
We went back there the other night. I've bought a new gym skirt. I was wandering round the shops when I saw this little tennis skirt made of this very light, silky material. It's a wrap-round design with a hook and eye fastener. Well it was hook and eye, it's now Velcro, and at each end one side of the Velcro is less than half an inch wide, which means that I can wear it round my waists or on my hips. It doesn't take much for it to be pulled off. It should be fun. I've also shortened the overlap so that when I sit down they fall apart revealing more flesh in the inverted 'V'. The other part is that it's only 9 inches long. More than enough to be decent (when stood up), but short enough to easily flip up and expose my goodies.
Anyway, at the Gym Club we joined another aerobics class with the same teacher. There were 3 men there this time and all 3 got a good look at our bodies as we bent and jumped about. At the end the teacher asked us if we'd be interested in joining a naked yoga class. Katie said that we'd think about it and let her know.
We've talked about it and decided to give it a miss for a couple of reasons. Firstly there's not enough exercise involved, and secondly there's not enough men there to show ourselves off to.
While we were there we went to the main hall and saw that there was some sort of class going on. It looked like some sort of circuit training. And there were only 2 females taking part with 2 female teachers.
I recognised one of the females in the class as Sarah, the girl who, like me, had been caught by Prof Gibbons flashing him.
Katie suddenly said, "Hey isn't that one of the student teachers that came to our school, what was her name?" "I don't remember ever getting to know her name" I replied, but it was her.
We went in and watched until the class had finished. As Sarah went out I said, "Hi," and told her that I'd catch up with her in a few minutes. The student teacher came up to us and told us that it was good to see us. She told us her name (Ruby) and asked us to remind her of our names. She then told us that she was at St. Damian's for a week working on a female fitness research programme. She told us that she was desperate for more girls to help with her research. She asked us if we would help her out and also if we knew anyone else who would be prepared to give up an hour or so, 2 evenings next week. I looked at Katie and in stereo we both said, "Ella."
Ruby told us that now that she knew we were going to help with her research she would get a camera crew over from her college so that they could get close-ups of our muscles working. I was a bit pissed that she hadn't asked us first, but what the hell, I assumed that we'd end up naked, and being videoed for lots of people to look at was a good turn-on.
Ruby gave us the details of the first session and we went to look for Sarah.
Sarah was in the shower when we found her and we talked as she got washed. I couldn't help notice Sarah's cute little tits. They can't even be an AA cup; and with her being less than 5 feet tall and quite skinny, she could easily pass for a 12 year old. Anyway, I introduced Katie and told her about Ruby's visit to our school and what we'd got up to. Sarah didn't look at all shocked; she was more interested in the details.
We continued to talk as Sarah got dressed, no underwear. I told Sarah what Ruby had just told us and Sarah said that she was pleased that she would be at those sessions.
I suggested that she wear a sports skirt rather than shorts. Sarah looked a bit puzzled but said that she would.
When we got back to my room I phoned Ella and told her that there was another thing that she could help me with.
To be continued...