Go back and read my very first published story "Blowjob Dare" if you have not read it yet. The main characters are the same with one added in this, Chapter 2 of this long multiple chapters story. I am a male and I have a fetish for CFNM, eating creampies, dominant females, sucking cock, and swallowing cum. You have been warned.
Story continued:
After Labor Day Weekend had ended and I went back to work, I kept thinking of the dare. Over and over, I still couldn't believe that I was dared to give a blowjob to my buddy Larry and sucked and swallowed all of his cum in front of our friends, Lisa, Bonita, Tonya, and Michelle. Every single time I thought about it, I got an instant boner that tested the strength of my underwear and zipper on my jeans. I know that I am now forever changed as I am right now fighting the urge to get naked and suck a cock in front of someone.
After my shift ended, I went to the strip joint down the road from work. Several of my coworkers and I go there to unwind, see some naked women, and have a few drinks. Not necessarily in that order. I paid the cover charge and looked around the place. I saw several of my favorite dancers but I also saw Larry. He was sitting by himself so I made my way over to him. Hopefully, he wouldn't treat me any different than he did before I gave him a blowjob. Yeah, right!
I spoke up and said, "Hey Larry! What's up man? How was your first day back to work after the weekend?"
He looked at me and grinned ear to ear! He replied with, "Hey Jerry! It went pretty good! Not too bad. Pull up a chair. Lisa called me. She said that she couldn't stop thinking about that party and what happened between you and I. She told me that her and the others want a repeat performance. She asked me if I would be willing to do that again this coming weekend. I told her that I would be all in for another go at it, but I told her that you are the one that she needs to ask. She told me to ask you since we hung out more and also because...well, you know. I would enjoy the experience the most if it happened again. It was AWESOME by the way! You have a natural gift! Thank you again for that amazing, umm...gift you gave me! So...what do you think?"
I was rather hoping for a few moments of just being normal around Larry. The last thing I want is to be treated differently while we hung out. I guess I do know that it can't help but change if it continues.
I looked at Larry after looking at my favorite stripper get down to her thong. I said, "Larry, I enjoyed this past weekend and I really enjoyed everything that took place. I have no problem doing that again. However, I always want to remain friends above all. If doing something again destroys our mutual friendship, I don't want to do it. Please tell me that our friendship will not be harmed. I still want to hangout and watch football like we have been doing. I still love women. I still consider myself straight. It is difficult to explain, I just also enjoy doing certain other things too. I have a few kinks that needs attending to on occassion."
He was smiling and nodding his head as if to say "yes" as I was speaking. He said, "I am so glad to hear you say that! I have had sex with many women that was friends and remain so today. I just consider them a friend-with-benefits, and I hope you don't mind, but that is how I view you now. We are friends, and besides both of us being rabid college football fans which is a benefit, now this just adds to it with an even greater benefit!"
I nodded my head and said, "That works for me".
We stayed there about an hour and a half, drinking beer and watching several women dance naked on stage. As I was getting ready to go, I got a text from Bonita to call her. I told Larry bye and headed for the exit.
I sent a text to Bonita that I would call her soon. I got to my car and called her. She answered, "Hey Jer Bear! I am so glad you called me! Do you have time to talk? Is this a good time? I have got to talk with you about this past weekend. That was HOT! I am wet just thinking about it! So is this a good time? Sorry, I asked that already!"
I laughed as I replied, "Slow down Bonita! Take a deep breath. Yes, I can talk. I have had a few beers and now I am getting ready to drive home."
She giggled and said, "So can you stop by my place? I have a proposition for you". Her apartment was right above mine, so it would take me a total of twenty-four steps beyond my place to get to her's. We have spent a lot of time together and have had sex occassionally over the last couple of months. She is a voluptiously curvacious black woman that I absolutely adore. So sweet and adorable and sexy as hell! She is a hottie! I could easily fall in love with her!
So of course my reply was, "Give me ten minutes and I will be right there."
I arrived at her door and knocked. She must have been close to the door as It opened immediately. She pulled me in and kissed me with a passion. She said, "You are amazing! Do you even know how hot that was this past weekend? Please don't tell me that it was your first time sucking cock! You was too good! Talk to me! Are you willing to do that again?"
I laughed as I blushed. I thought about it and smiled. Ok, honesty time. I said, "Ok....ummmm...no, that was not my first time. I don't know how hot that made you, but as you saw, it was very hot to me as well, for I came with barely touching myself. I experimented when I was younger. I love sucking cock as much as I love eating pussy. I am not into men as far as an emotional relationship. I don't want to kiss a man. I just have a few kinks that I crave. I love being naked. I am into CFNM, which means clothed females, naked males. I love being submissive at times, eating creampies, and I love giving blowjobs and swallowing cum. I crave it."
She smiled big and hugged me! "Thank you for being honest! It is so refreshing to have a sexy man be honest and open to me. So, are you willing to trust me? I have a proposition for you."
I told her, "Yes, I trust you! What is your proposition?"
Bonita had a devilish smile and a twinkle in her eye. She hugged me, grabbed my ass with both hands, and said, "We are going to have a lot of fun together! Does it matter if you know the men? Have you ever given a blowjob to someone you didn't know?"
I looked at her with a cocked eyebrow and said, "Yeah, I have given one blowjob to someone I didn't know a long time ago. Why? What are you thinking?"
Bonita just grinned and said, "Go take a shower, get cleaned up good, shave your face super close, but do not use any manly scented shower gel, after shave, or cologne. Text me when you get out of the shower. I will tell you what to wear."
Well now I am curious, and I pause to look at her. She spanks my butt and says, "Didn't I tell you what to do? Why are you still here?" I hurry out of there and moved quickly to follow her orders.
I showered with a tropical scented shower gel, shaved my face very smoothly, as well as my pubic hair with the exception of a small v-patch a couple inches above the base of my dick. I text her to let her know I am out of the shower and dry. She tells me to wear the red g-string she had bought for me a couple of weeks ago, a black mesh pair of lounge shorts and a white wife beater t-shirt with my flip-flops. I follow her instructions to the letter.
I text her back to inform her that I am dressed as instructed.
Bonita sent me this text, "Come up to my apartment. The key is in the potted plant on the right side of the door. When you enter my apartment, don't say a word, don't cough, don't clear your throat, or anything else one may hear as manly. After you enter and then close my door, take your shirt and shorts off and place them in the coat closet just inside the door to the left. Be very quiet when you do this. Text me when you are done. I will come and get you."
I do as she said, I am nervous about what she has planned but I am getting excited and horny with her new take charge attitude! I do as she said and sent a text to her. So I am now standing in her apartment, wearing only a red g-string waiting for her to come get me. My cock is getting hard with anticipation!
She walks out from her bedroom and closed the door behind her. She is wearing a red lace teddy with black stockings. Hot and sexy doesn't come close to describing her! My dick is rock hard and pushing out against the g-string. She whispers in my ear, "I have someone tied-up, blindfolded, and with ear buds in his ears playing music. He shouldn't be able to hear us but, I don't want to take the risk. I have promised him that a girlfriend of mine will be joining us to give him a blowjob. I hope you like black cock and cum as much as you like black pussy!"
She pulled away after saying that and reached down to grasp my hard cock. She saw my smile grow with my dick.
She pulls me by my hand and opens her bedroom door. The lights are dim. I focus on the individual on the bed. He is laying spread-eagle cock-up on the bed, his arms and legs are tied to each of the bed posts, one limb per post. He has an erection that is proudly standing tall with a slight upwards curve. He is a physically fit athletic specimen. Looks like he has played sports and lifted weights his whole life. He is very dark skinned with a copper colored cock head. His huge set of hairless balls hung low between his legs. He has very little body hair. He obviously manscapes as he only has a little three inch wide patch of hair about two inches above his dick. His meat stick is standing at attention and by the looks of it is around eight inches long and above average thickness, similar to mine. His eyes was covered by a black satin sleeping mask used to cover the eyes for people that sleeps during the day.
I was nervous but horny! My mouth was watering for that big chocolate log and the protein smoothie reward! I was rock hard and thumping with each pulse.
Suddenly, Bonita pulled out his ear buds, broke the silence and cooed, "Hey, Wilt. We are both here now. Are you ready for us?"
Wilt excitedly responded, "Hell yes! I am so fuckin' horny! My dick is ready to explode! Come on! Someone better get ready for a lot of cum because deez nuts are full and ready to unload!"
She replied with, "Good! My girlfriend loves to give head and swallow loads of cum! You better be good at eating my pussy! You don't get a blowjob until you give me an orgasm. My girlfriend Sherry will stroke your cock and lick your balls only, until I get an orgasm!"
He enthusiastically said, "Plant that pussy on my face! I am going to curl your toes!"
Bonita reached down and unsnapped the crotch of her teddy she was wearing. Her pussy was freshly waxed, the way she likes it, as I didn't see a single hair! She straddled his face as if to get in a sixty-nine position, and began to lower herself upon him. I saw her black and pink shiny folds of wetness open up and drop to his nose. He leaned his head back and I saw his tongue meet her outer lips. She let out a moan.
She looked at me and said, "Alright, Sherry, this feels pretty damn good! Come on up between his legs and stroke his cock and lick his balls."
I begin my crawl up the bed between his legs. I get myself situated and lay down with my face within licking range of his nut sack. I reach up with my left hand and wrap my fingers around his fleshy bone. I hear him moan as he jerks his hips upright as Bonita begins moaning too.
I slip my tongue out between my lips and begin to give him a slow tongue bath as I softly stroke his cock. He jerks up and moans. A little precum forms on top of his cum slit. I pull his copper head snake towards me and lick the precum off of the tip. He moans loudly.
Bonita began moaning loudly and grinding her pussy into his face. She was thrusting her hips back and forth upon his face leaving a juice trail from his upper nose to dripping off of the end of his chin and draining down his neck and chest. She moaned, "Suck that cock! He has earned it!"
I take his balls one at a time into my mouth and give them a light tongue massage. More precum is forming at the tip, I again pull his cock down and lightly lick that sweet nectar. I become possessed once more.
I hear Bonita encouraging me through her moans of pleasure and I lose control. I thrust my open lips over his cock and suck downward. I suck on that chocolate flesh straw and I am rewarded by more precum oozing into my mouth. I twist my hand upwards as I thrust my mouth downward. My hand and mouth meet up halfway down his cock and I feel a hand on my head pushing me down more. I look up to see Bonita thrust my head down his pole and I begin to gag. I place my right thumb into my palm on my right hand and grasp it like a fist. I learned long ago that that pressure point takes away my gag reflex.
Bonita keeps pushing my head down and up, down and up, as if fucking my mouth with his juicy cock. She is moaning, "Swallow his cock!"
He is moaning and with a face full of juicy pussy, I hear him say "Oh YES! YES! yes, yes, oh my yes!"
That is all of the encouragement I need. I take all of his cock into my mouth and down my throat and back out again breathing in when my throat is empty. He begins thusting up and down. Bonita pushes my head down when he thrusts up. Precum is flowing freely. So sweet! I grab his balls with my left hand and pull them forward slightly. I want his cum!!!
My head is going down to the root of his cock, my tongue is licking his scrotum, and he is thrusting upwards. My head goes up, he thrusts down, and my tongue rubs the underside of his dick as I feel his balls being pulled upwards to his body.
He moans, "I am cumming!"
He unloads in my mouth like a cannon going off. I place my tongue licking the sensitive area just under the head and my lips clamped tight to his dick right below that. I feel each pulse and jet of cum as it fills my mouth. I begin to swallow as my mouth continues to fill up with his man milk. Delicious! I have swallowed three times as his pulses and quantity gets less and less. I suck his head as if to pull all of his sperm from his balls! I savor the flavor as he jerks a few more times. He stops moving.
I get up from the bed quietly satisfied from my cum fix and I motion Bonita to follow me out. Bonita tells Wilt she will be right back. She follows me out of the bedroom and into the living room.
I pull down my g-string. My cock is hard and slimy. I turn Bonita around and over and stick my precum soaked cock into her wet pussy doggy-style. I thrust a couple of times and shoot my load into her. I jerk a few times as I finish emptying my ball juice into her pink passion.
I get on my knees, place my nose into her asshole and eat her pussy. I suck all of my delicious cum out of her. She is moaning as she grinds her ass into my face. I am in heaven, with Bonita having the sweetest tasting pussy mixed with my salty-sweet cum along with the aftertaste of Wilts cum. Bonita orgasms and I am sprayed in the face as she is a squirter! Bonita moans and grinds her pussy into my face. I love it. She convulses a few times as she moans. I wait until she calms down.
I stand up, wipe my face, stroke my dick getting the leftover cum and suck it from my fingers. I kiss Bonita with tenderness as I feel completely satisfied. I pull my g-string back up, get my shorts and shirt and flip-flops. Get dressed. Give her another kiss and say, "Thank you! Call me tomorrow. Enjoy your night!"
I leave her place walking to mine knowing there are many more pleasures to cum!
To be Continued?
Please give me feedback. Pointers and constructive criticism is always welcome. Vote and comment please! Send me a message if you want to, I would love to hear from you! Share with me what you are into! This is my third erotic story I have written so far. I am enjoying this so look for more stories to follow.
Thanks!