Note: Please read the first chapter first. I do include a little incest in this one and will likely go further with that as this story continues. All characters are over the age of 18.
I wake up, wash my face, brush my teeth, and head downstairs. It's just like any other morning as Sam is up and watching TV while drinking coffee. The only difference today is that she is naked. As I walk by it looks like she hasn't showered yet and there appears to still be some of my dried cum on her face.
"Good morning, Daddy."
"Morning, baby."
I walk into the kitchen, pour myself a cup of coffee, and sit down at the island. As I drink my coffee Sam walks in to refill her cup. After she does she starts walking back toward the living room. Should I bring up last night? Will she? After a few minutes I join her on the living room couch.
"So..." I trail off.
"Thank you so much for last night, Daddy. I had so much fun and it was so hot. Especially right before you went to bed. I wasn't expecting that."
"It was definitely...different, but yes, I had fun as well. I don't know what came over me, but it looks like you're still enjoying it," I say pointing at my face to let her know I see my dried cum.
"Yeah, but I'm about to hop in the shower. I really like this, but I have to freshen up. It was so amazing to go to bed and wake up with cum on my face. I definitely want to do it more often. Maybe even not just my face," she says while looking away from me. I don't say anything and just drink my coffee.
She gets up, puts her cup in the kitchen sink, and heads upstairs. I go into the kitchen and pour a bowl of cereal. As I sit down to eat I just think about what is happening. I am in my own world when I hear Sam walk back downstairs. I was out of it for a good 20 minutes.
"Can we stay in all day and have a movie marathon or something? I don't feel like doing anything at all," Sam says.
"Sure. Lazy Sunday it is," I say.
We decide on a Harry Potter marathon. We get some snacks and stuff set up before starting. Sam goes to load the first movie. While doing this she is on her hands and knees with her ass facing me. She turns her head around and sees me looking as a smile comes across her face. I see the green jeweled plug. After a little bit longer than it should have taken, Sam loads the movie and comes back to the couch to cuddle up next to me as usual. During the movies I notice her lick her fingers and start to lightly rub her clit slowly on and off for a while then stop. She doesn't ever go fast and I don't think she has orgasmed.
"I hope you don't mind, Daddy. I'm just really horny."
"Not at all."
"Have you orgasmed? It must have been very quiet."
"No. I'm just edging myself. I get to the point where if I go a little faster or longer I will, but I want to tease myself for a while and build it up for later. It keeps me in a state of constant arousal and feels really good."
I don't say anything and we continue like this for a while. In between movies we get up to make some lunch and grab some more snacks. During the movies I have trouble not looking at my daughter, especially while she is touching herself. Since I am wearing thin pajama pants with no underwear my erection is pretty noticeable. Sam looks at it, then up at me, and smiles.
"You know I am ok with you touching yourself, right Daddy? I think we are past being shy about this stuff."
"I know, but it's still kind of weird for me."
"It shouldn't be. There's no one here but us and I'm not judging you the same as you aren't judging me. I'm just saying if you want to touch yourself, it's ok with me."
With that I start to rub myself over my pajama pants. I start slow then over time speed up. I caress my fingers all around and can feel an orgasm slowly building. Watching Sam touch herself is too much for me to stop. I pull the front of my pants down and start to stroke. Sam has turned her head and is watching. I speed up and am close. Sam must know.
"Will you cum into my hair?"
"Are you sure? Didn't you just shower?"
"Yes, but I would like to have it in my hair all day if that's ok with you."
"Sure," I say as I stand up after pausing the movie. As I do, Sam sits on the floor, facing me, cross legged, and looking up with her eyes and leaving her head down. I start to cum all over her hair. It seems like the biggest load I've ever had. Rope after rope I am moving around different areas of her head to spread it out. 7 ropes later her hair is absolutely covered. I finish and stand back, admiring my work.
"Wow, that seemed like a lot. Will you take a picture for me so I can see it?"
"Sure, hand me your phone."
"Do it on your phone and send to me so you have it too."
With that I grab my phone, take a few pictures, including some where she is looking up at me, and send to her."
She gets and opens them. "Oh my God, it's so much! Thank you, Daddy!" She stands up and hugs me. After that we sit back down and she cuddles back up against me with her head on my shoulder. I can't help but stare at my cum all over her hair. I start the movie again and we continue watching for a while with Sam edging herself throughout.
After the first couple of movies we decide to make some dinner. At dinner we discuss the movies like nothing else happened and there is no mention of her hair being full of my cum. It has dried now and isn't as noticeable. We clean up and decide to watch one more movie. Other than more of Sam edging more nothing else happens.
"Thanks for today and having a lazy Sunday with me. It was nice doing this with you," Sam says. "Especially the cum in my hair."
"You're welcome, baby. Any time."
"I'm going to go upstairs to call some friends and hang out." We both stand up.
"Ok, well if I don't see you before you go to bed, good night."
Sam hugs me. "Good night, Daddy."
"Are you going to go outside again tonight?"
"Probably. I think I want to go alone tonight if that's ok. Having you there was great, and I definitely want you to come with again, but I really enjoy being completely alone, naked, and not having any safety net."
"Just please promise me you'll be careful."
"I promise."
After Sam and I straighten up she heads upstairs and I sit down at my desk to get a head start on some work for tomorrow. Before I realize, it's 10pm. I wrap up, turn off the lights, and head upstairs. I pass by Sam's room. The door is open and I see Sam on her bed talking on the phone. She is sitting up and her body is angled toward the door. I notice while she is talking that she is inserting a pretty decent sized double ended dildo in and out of her ass. As I stand and watch she looks at me, takes it out of her ass, and starts licking it clean. After that she reinserts and keeps looking right at me, still talking with a friend like nothing else is happening.
After a few minutes of this she starts speeding up and orgasms without making a sound. She wasn't even touching her pussy and it was only from the dildo in her ass. She smiles.
"Good night," I say again quietly. She just gives me a little finger wave and a smile.
I wash up and hop into bed. I again replay the events of the day in my head and masturbate thinking of my daughter's perfect naked body. I start to realize that I have only seen her insert plugs and dildos into her ass. I have never once seen her insert anything into her pussy. I don't think too much more about it. After I finish I doze off.
After a couple days of me going to work, coming home, us eating dinner, masturbating, me cumming on her, then watching a movie or some TV in the evening, I realize I haven't seen Sam in any clothes in days. I don't believe she's left the house at all. We are sitting at the kitchen island eating some pizza I brought home after work and are talking.
"Sam, when's the last time you left the house and did something?"
"Just when going out on one of my late night walks," why?
"I just realized that I haven't seen you in clothes for a few days and was just wondering. Have you been naked all this time?"
"Since I got home from Molly's the other night I haven't worn anything at all. It feels so good to be naked for a long time. I want to see how long I can go for. Since I can't really go anywhere like this I've just been hanging around the house. Is that ok?"
"Of course. If you want to stay nude for days on end, go ahead."
"Thanks. I figured you wouldn't have a problem with it," she says with a coy smile.
"Maybe I'll try for even more than a few days."
"Well, I figure you'll want to go out or hang with friends at some point."
"At some point, yes. But maybe I can do this for a while. Not only do I like being home and hanging out with you, but I am getting more and more used to spending every waking second like this. I almost feel that getting dressed would be weird. The fact I can do this here makes me not want to go anywhere. I don't know. Maybe I'll start with going for a week straight and go from there."
"If you want to stay home naked for that long I have no problem with it. We can find stuff to do, I'm sure."
"I'm sure we can," Sam says.
The way she said that was almost as if she had gears turning in her head. I wonder what's in store.
"Then it's settled. Saturday night will be 7 days of complete nudity. Maybe we can celebrate," she says jokingly.
"Sure, baby. How about a nice surf and turf dinner?"
"Really," asks Sam. "That sounds amazing!"
"Yes. I'll take care of it and we'll celebrate your newfound freedom."
"I may have to go for longer to see what other nice things we would do after that!"
I wonder how far she wants to take this. "Do you think you can really do a week? And depending on what you mean by more, that could be a long time to never leave the house."
"Maybe late night walks will be enough for a little while. Maybe we can figure something else out too."
I can only imagine what she means by that.
"I was serious the other day when I said I would probably live the rest of my life like this if it was legal. The thought of throwing out every single article of clothing I have and staying nude the rest of my life really turns me on."
"Do you think that's realistic?"
"Probably not, but a girl can dream right?"
"Too bad we don't live in one of those places that allows that," I blurt out without even thinking.
Sam looks at me, again gears spinning. "Hmm...That's not a bad idea."
"I was joking, baby"
"Well, it's not that crazy of a thought. Those places exist for a reason, right," my daughter asks. "I may have to look into that more. I hadn't even thought of it."
As she says that I see her hand going toward her pussy.
"Do you mind," she asks while looking at me. "I'm so turned on right now."
"Not at all."
Sam stops, takes my hand, and leads me into the living room where she sits on the couch and leans back on the end of it. She pulls her feet up and spreads her legs wide. I see a big black rubber circle sticking out of her ass. One I haven't seen yet.
After a short while Sam asks "Will you please cum on my face again?"
Without hesitation I stand up, drop my pants, and start masturbating. It seems this will be a common occurrence. We stare into each other's eyes the whole time. While rubbing herself with one hand she pulls the base of the plug and out comes what looks to be another dildo of some kind. She keeps pulling and it must have been 6-7 inches long and 1-2 inches wide before tapering off at the base. How long can she have that thing in her ass for? Just when it's almost all the way out she pushes it back in and repeats over and over while rubbing herself.
"Mmm...Daddy...It feels so good."
Every so often she will lick and suck the dildo clean and slowly put it back in her ass all the way.
I start to speed up. "I'm about to cum," I tell her. Sam gets off the couch and kneels down in front of me, looking up.
"Ready?"
"Please cover my face with your hot cum, Daddy."
I think to myself holy shit, and start to cum. The first rope hits her right in the forehead. She doesn't even flinch. The next couple I move around each side of her face. A few more go on to her forehead and start dripping down. She doesn't break eye contact once and again gives me that perfect smile.
"Thank you. That was amazing," Sam says.
"No, thank you," I tell her.
Sam sits back down and starts to finger herself again, spread eagle and facing me directly, this time with my cum all over her face. As she orgasms she is still looking at me. When she comes down she smiles. She again didn't insert anything into her pussy.
"Wow. I needed that," she says.
She then sits up, not bothering to do anything with the cum all over her face that is dripping down, some onto her body.
"So I guess you're not going to clean that off, huh?"
"I already told you. I like to leave it on. It feels dirty and sexy at the same time. Doing this here means I can leave it on as long as I want. I will probably never clean your cum off of me and will just let it dry wherever it is from now on."
"No argument from me," I tell my daughter.
Sam stands up and faces me. She is only a little shorter than me.
"I know this has moved kind of fast with you just finding out all of this about me a few days ago. It's just who I am and what makes me happy. I wish I would have told you a while ago. Are you sure you're ok with all of this? You have been saying you are, but I just want you to be really sure. If not, I understand, and we can stop doing this stuff. This is the time to turn back if you want."
Looking at my daughter, standing in front of me with her face covered in my cum, "at first this was something I thought was very wrong. I was worried about the consequences, but to be honest I am enjoying it. The more I think about it the more I am becoming fine with it. You're my daughter and I want you to be yourself and happy. You have brought some things out of me that I didn't know make me happy as well. Is it different? Yes. Is it wrong? Maybe a little, but I'm caring about that less and less."
"I'm so glad to hear that, Daddy. I was worried this would all be too much and too fast. I know this is not normal behavior between a father and daughter, but I say to hell with normal. Let's enjoy what we want to enjoy. We are just two people with some kinks that we can explore together. I think we'll learn more about ourselves than we can imagine."
"I agree, baby. We still have to be careful, though. I don't want other people finding out about this or for either of us to have any negative consequences. If we do anything outside we have to be extremely careful. We probably shouldn't do that too often."
"Deal. I would still like to go on walks and maybe even car rides or something like that down the road, but I am ok with not doing it too often. In the house I say anything goes. How about this? Any time one of us wants to use the other for getting off we just let the other know?"
"Sounds good to me," I say.
"You can think of me as your little cum slave. You want to cum, I'll be there."
"How can I turn that down," I say with a smirk. I can't believe my daughter just said that.
Sam smiles. "Does the same apply for me?"
"Yes, baby. Just let me know."
"From now on would please you save all your cum for me," she asks. "I don't want any of it to go to waste."
"What if you're not home?"
"Well, I likely will be a lot more now, but even if not maybe you can hold off until I am? Or maybe cum into a cup or something and save it for me. If you are in your room and want to jerk off just text me or let me know and I will come to you. I would like every one of your loads on my body somewhere."
"Ok. I will always let you know or save it for you."
"This is making me so happy! I can't wait to start this new chapter with you," Sam says.
"Same here. I am looking forward to it."
With that we give each other a hug. I realize her face on my shoulder means some of my cum is left on my shirt. She notices and licks it off.
"Maybe you can be naked with me sometimes at home?"
"I think so. I don't want to be naked all the time like you, but can see myself wearing less."
"Yay," Sam says happily with a little clap.
We go back to the kitchen to finish eating our pizza. As she sits down to eat she takes some of my cum off her face with her finger, puts it on the pizza, and eats it. I had no idea that would turn me on the way it does.
"I have to say, it's kind of hot sitting here talking to you with my cum on your face, and watching you eat pizza like that."
"Get used to it," Sam says. "I want to look like this as much as possible."
"I noticed the first night, when we went for a walk, that on the way home you tasted some of my cum. And just now you ate some of it on the pizza. You don't think it's weird to taste your father's cum?"
"No. I like the taste of it. Do you think it's weird?"
"After the last few days not really. At first I felt it was borderline incest, but I guess it's not."
"Like I said before, it's not that it's specifically your cum, but just cum period. I mean, there is a part of me that thinks it's a little dirty because it's yours, but that makes it a little hotter."
"I've also noticed that all this time you have never inserted a dildo or anything at all into your pussy, only your ass. Why is that?"
"I am anal only when it comes to insertion. I have been for quite some time."
"Anal only? So you don't ever insert anything into your pussy?"
"Not for a long time. I used to, but a long time ago I got more and more fascinated by porn where a guy, or multiple guys, would only fuck a girl in the ass, with no vaginal penetration at all. It really turned me on so I tried masturbating like that and the more I did it the better it felt. There's online forums dedicated to it. It's a pretty cool community."
"Do you talk to these people?"
"Sometimes, yes. I share stories and read some from others. I also chat and comment here and there."
"Wow. I had no idea it was that popular."
"It's not insanely popular, but I think it's becoming more and more so. Some girls like it to consider themselves staying virgins before marriage and some just like the feeling and the orgasms better from it. Some have their husbands or boyfriends like it that way and do it for them. There are all kinds of reasons. Some anal only girls don't play with their clits at all either and the only sexual stimulation they get is purely from anal play. If I ignore my clit for long periods it feels soooo good when I eventually do touch it."
"If I was a girl I imagine I wouldn't want to not touch my clit. I'm sure it feels great. Not sure why a girl would give that up."
"Like I said, the longer you ignore it the better the orgasm, at least for me. I think some anal only girls that don't stimulate their clit, their bodies adjust to make the anal stimulation even better and they have crazier orgasms. I want to try it at some point, a long period of no clit touching. And who knows, if I like it, maybe it'll be a longer term thing."
"Have you ever had anal sex?"
"Are you sure you want to discuss my sex life outside of what we're doing here? If you do I'll let you know anything you want. I feel like there shouldn't be any secrets between us now and if you really want to know I'll tell you everything."
"Yes, I would like to know."
"Well, I told you I did a bukkake..."
"Yes. Where and when did that happen," I ask.
"Well, it wasn't just a bukkake. It was a gangbang where all the guys fucked us then came all over us. It was insane. There were 20 of them. A few months ago Molly and I arranged it through a mutual friend and did it at one of the guys' house. We were completely covered head to toe. All of my hair was completely soaked in it. It was in my eyes, ears, all over my entire body. Even my feet. We had a tarp down and rolled around in it after, spreading it all over each other's bodies. We even pretended like we were shampooing each other's hair."
My jaw drops.
"Don't worry, we were safe with all the guys. They were only in my ass. I've never had vaginal sex, only anal. Molly got DP'd. It was pretty hot. I think my favorite part was one of the guys fucking me in the ass after the bukkake while I was completely covered in all of their cum."
"I'm glad to hear that you were safe, but am kind of worried hearing that it was so many people. Did you really let all of them fuck your ass?
"Yes, it was only fair," she says with a smile. "I let them all take a turn. This was going on for a couple of hours."
This has all been very fun and kinky, but I can't help but think about my daughter in those situations and hope nothing bad happens to her in them. She's a complete nympho, but she's still my daughter.
"Molly joins you in this kind of stuff?" Molly is very attractive and now I am imagining her naked and getting fucked, like the many times I have before.
"Yup. Molly is very similar to me. We have shared in a good amount of sexual experiences together. Sometimes it's just her and I. Sometimes a guy or girl joins us for a threesome, stuff like that. I'm very open."
"It seems that way. So you're bisexual?"
"Yes. I enjoy any experience where everyone involved is open, honest, and happy. Guy or girl."
"How long has all this been going on?"
"Not long after I turned 18."
"I have to say, I never had a clue anything of this was going on."
"Well, the only times I've done anything sexual here were with Molly. Almost always while you are gone. Only once in a while if you're home and we're up in my room. I guess it's impressive we haven't been caught. The other stuff like the gangbang or threesomes are usually at Molly's, as her parents are always out of town, or the other person's house."
"Does she ever go outside naked with you?"
"Yes, we have gone for naked walks a few times by her house. All of this started at her house. We were done fooling around and were getting dressed to go eat. Her parents weren't home and we thought, what the hell, why get dressed? So we didn't. And we're pretty much always naked when at her place."
I am now imagining my daughter and her attractive friend hanging out naked and walking down the street.
"You keep asking about Molly. Do you think she's hot," Sam asks.
"She's very attractive, yes."
"Well, she has said the same about you. I'll have to let her know you feel the same. You never know, maybe she'll come over for some fun one day."
"I don't know about sharing what we have going on here with anyone else."
"If there's anyone in the world I trust with this secret it's her. The shit we have done together...it will go to the grave with her."
"We'll see," I tell Sam. "I like this for right now."
"Me too. You have no idea how excited I am."
We finish eating our pizza and clean up. "Wanna watch the rest of the baseball game," Sam asks.
"Sure, I'm pooped. Relaxing with a cold beer and watching the game sounds good."
When we get to the living room I take off my clothes. Sam watches and excitedly says "I knew I'd get you naked!"
"I dunno, it just feels good right now."
With that we sit down on the couch. We watch the game and talk, nothing sexual. The cum on her face is starting to dry and isn't as noticeable. After the game it's late. "Alright, I'm gonna head to bed, Daddy. Good night."
We stand up and she hugs me. Her tits press firmly against my chest. This is the first time our naked bodies have touched. We definitely let the hug linger and enjoy the skin to skin contact. My dick starts to harden and touches her lower stomach. She looks down and smiles.
"This feels nice," she says.
"It does. Good night, baby. I love you."
She gives me a kiss on the cheek. "Love you too." Some of the cum goes onto my face and I wipe it off. She giggles and heads upstairs to her room. I do the same.
A couple more days pass where I come home from work, we have dinner, hang out, masturbate together, and repeat.
When I arrive home on Friday night I am so ready for the weekend. As I walk in I am greeted by my beautiful naked daughter on the couch. "Hi, baby."
"Hi Daddy. How was your day?"
"Same ole same ole. How about you?"
"Same. Just hung out here all day and did nothing really."
"I figured."
"I have a surprise for you," Sam says.
"Oh yeah? What's that?"
"I ordered us dinner. It should be here in about 30 minutes."
"That's great. What did you order?"
"It's a surprise."
"Alright, I'm sure it'll be good."
"It definitely will," she says assuredly.
"I'm gonna hop in the shower and be down in a few," I tell her.
"Ok, sounds good."
I shower, get dressed, and head back downstairs. After grabbing a beer I join Sam on the couch. We talk about the day for a few minutes and the doorbell rings. "That must be the food. I'll get it," I tell Sam. As I open the door I am greeted by a completely naked Molly standing there with a devilish smile on her face. No socks, shoes, nothing.
"Hi Mr. Spencer," Molly says.
"Well hello there, Molly." I can't believe my eyes. I have imagined this girl naked before many times, but what is standing in front of me is way better than I could have imagined. Molly is my height. Her long blonde hair is back in a ponytail and she is standing with her feet apart and her hands behind her back. Her perfectly toned skin doesn't have a tan line on it. Her tits are a little smaller than Sam's, but truth be told I prefer a little smaller myself. She is completely shaved like Sam as well.
"Are you going to invite me in?"
I don't even think about the fact that this completely naked girl is standing at my front door and that anyone might be able to see her. "Yes, yes, come inside before someone sees you. I let her in and shut the door. As I do Sam walks up and hugs Molly. They then share a short kiss.
"Hi, baby," Sam says to Molly.
"Hi," Molly says back.
After their kiss they both look at me and smile while still embracing. "Do you like the surprise, Daddy?"
"Ummmm, definitely, yes. I can't believe this. So I guess you told Molly about our last week?"
"Yes, I told you, we share everything and I completely trust her."
"I promise I will never say a word to anyone about this Mr. Spencer," Molly says. "Your secret is safe with me. I'm just glad I can be a part of it. When Molly told me I thought it was so hot and have not been able to stop thinking about it."
"I appreciate that, Molly. I want to continue this and don't want anyone finding out and ruining it."
Sam takes Molly by the hand. "Let's go sit down."
With that she leads Molly to the living room couch and I follow behind. Sam sits in the middle of the couch and Molly and I sit on each side of her.
"I can't believe you walked naked from the driveway to the front door," I tell Molly.
"I left my house like this. It wasn't just from the driveway. I left naked and drove here like this. I didn't even bring clothes with for the drive home."
"Wow, that's crazy," I say. "I'm glad no one saw you or that you didn't get into any trouble."
"A few people did see me, but I don't care."
I cannot believe I am sitting here with my naked daughter, who hasn't worn a stitch of clothing in nearly a week, and her equally naked friend that I have fantasized about.
"So, let's not beat around the bush here," Sam says. "I asked Molly if we could fool around with each other while you watch and masturbate. She couldn't say yes fast enough. Is that something you're interested in?"
"I think that would be acceptable." They both laugh. With that Sam turns to Molly.
"Are you sure," she asks Molly.
"100%. I have been thinking about this all day and you have no idea how horny I am."
"I can tell," Sam says. Sam and Molly start kissing. At first it's slowly and lightly. After a bit it gets more intense and they start using tongue, heads shifting in different directions. As they are kissing Molly looks up at me and winks. I drop my pants and take off my shirt. I start to lightly caress my dick while watching my daughter make out with this goddess. Molly looks down and sees my dick. I can see a smile through her kissing. Sam looks back and sees me, then looks up at me and smiles. She then resumes making out with Molly.
After a few minutes of this Sam stands up. "Lay down, baby." Molly doesn't say anything and lies on the couch with her back propped against the end of it, facing me. Sam gets on the couch on her hands and knees, her ass facing me, and starts licking Molly's pussy. Sam has what looks to be the bigger dildo plug in her ass again. As I watch this beautiful sight Molly is looking right at me, then down to my dick, then back up. She keeps repeating this.
"Fuck, this is amazing," Molly says. Sam shifts upward and kisses Molly, sharing her own juices with her, then goes back to licking her. Molly is grabbing and massaging her tits while my daughter goes down on her, continuing to watch me stroke myself and biting her lower lip.
Molly's breath starts to get faster. She seems like she is going to orgasm soon. After a short while, before Molly can orgasm, Sam stops and sits back. Molly, with a pouty look on her face, "But I'm so close..."
"I know. We'll get there. Turn around."
Molly turns away from my daughter, now on all fours on the couch. After she positions herself Sam starts to kiss and lick Molly's ass. She eventually makes her way to Molly's asshole and starts licking it and sticking her tongue in a little bit while holding Molly's ass cheeks apart with her hands. Sam just keeps going between licking Molly's ass then her asshole.
"You like this, Daddy?"
"Yes, baby. It's so fucking hot. Keep going."
"Yes sir."
She resumes for a bit and Molly starts to play with herself while Sam tongues her asshole. Molly's breath starts getting faster again and once again Sam stops.
"Noooooo, not again..." Molly exclaims.
"Like I said, we'll get there. I promise it'll be worth it. Change positions with me."
They switch and now Sam has her back on the couch and is facing me. Molly leans in and kisses Sam. After a short kiss she kisses my daughter's chin, then starts traveling down her neck, and starts to lick Sam's nipples. After a little of this she continues kissing down Sam's stomach and ending up at my daughter's pussy. I can tell Molly starts licking her by the look on Sam's face while she looks at me then at my dick. This goes on for a while, with Molly shifting up to kiss Sam, and then back to licking her pussy.
After a few minutes Molly stops and looks up at Sam. "Are you sure it's ok?"
"Yes. I want this as much as you do," my daughter tells Molly.
"Then ask him," Molly says.
"Daddy, Molly and I were hoping that you would fuck her while she goes down on me."
Even after everything that has happened this week I am in shock. Is this really happening? Am I really going to get to fuck this girl I have fantasized about while she licks my daughter's pussy? Am I going to participate in a threesome with my daughter?
"Are you sure? It's almost like having sex with you," I tell Sam.
"Not at all. You're only having sex with Molly. You can cum all over me, but sex with Molly is weird?"
"You're right, baby. Molly, are you sure this ok? I can run upstairs and grab a condom if you're sure."
"Yes, very sure. No need for a condom, though. I'm on the pill. I want to feel your dick inside of me. And hurry up. I need it now."
I position myself behind Molly and put my dick at the entrance to her pussy. I rub up and down for a few seconds then push in. I hear Molly moan. "Fuck yes," she says, while continuing to eat out my daughter. I continue pushing further and further slowly until I am fully inside. I stay like that for a few seconds then pull back. I push forward again and start to slowly fuck Molly.
As this is happening Sam and I share a look. She looks like she is in complete ecstasy. She mouths thank you, Daddy. I just give her a wink and speed up fucking Molly. She starts to moan louder and louder while licking Sam. Sam starts to moan and tilts her head back while closing her eyes.
Molly stops. "Mr. Spencer, do you have any lube?"
Does Molly want me to fuck her ass? I hope she does. "Yes, why," I ask.
"I think you know why. Go get it."
I look at Sam and ask "is this ok, baby?"
"Yes Daddy. Will you please fuck Molly in her ass?"
I smile and get up. I run upstairs, grab my lube, and run back downstairs. They are in the same position and Molly is still licking Sam's pussy. They both look at me while I walk toward them. I kneel behind Molly, put lube on my dick and spread it around. I then pour a little on Molly's asshole.
"Should I finger you or something to get you ready?"
"No need. I got myself ready at home before I left. I was hoping this would happen."
"Well, alright then," I say to her. I lean forward and put the tip of my dick at the entrance to her ass. I push in a little then stay there, I move forward very slowly.
"You can go faster. I'm no anal virgin."
After hearing that, I push further, and slowly, but don't stop until I am fully inside her ass.
"Stay right there for a little. It feels amazing and I love feeling full."
"Whatever you say."
As I sit there with my dick completely buried in Molly's ass she continues licking Sam.
"How does it feel," Sam asks Molly.
"Fucking amazing."
"Ok Mr. Spencer, will you please really fuck me now?"
I pull back, almost all the way out, and then push back in all the way with one thrust. I hear Molly grunt.
"Again," she says.
I pull out then push back in hard and fast, all the way. Another grunt.
"Keep doing that," Molly tells me.
I repeat this over and over, speeding up, each time Molly grunting louder and louder.
"Ok, now please slow down a little now and fuck me slowly."
I listen and slowly move in and out of Molly's ass.
"Spank me," Molly says.
I do as I'm told and start to spank Molly's ass hard while fucking her tight little hole.
"Keep doing exactly this. I am going to cum," Molly says.
"I'm close, too," I tell them.
I keep my pace and continue smacking Molly's ass, alternating between her cheeks, going a little harder each time. Molly starts to moan and breathe heavily. As I continue, Molly's breathing gets faster and faster, moaning louder and louder. After a short while Molly says "Oh my god, I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cuuuuummmmmmm..." She starts yelling while her body starts shaking. While she is orgasming I bury myself completely in her ass and stay there. Her orgasm seems to last minutes. During it her body is trembling.
I look at my daughter and she is alternating between looking at Molly and me, mouth agape, while playing with herself. As Molly starts to come down from her orgasm Sam says "I'm so close. Please keep licking me."
Molly immediately resumes licking Sam's pussy while Sam stares right into my eyes. I am still buried to the hilt in Molly's ass just staying where I am. Sam's breathing gets heavier. "I'm so close," she says. Molly licks faster. I wonder why Molly isn't fingering Sam then remember it's because Sam is anal only.
"Oh my God. Oh my God," my daughter keeps repeating. As her orgasm hits her she tilts her head back onto the end of the couch, grabs her tits in each hand, and lets out a guttural moan, her body trembling through her long orgasm as Molly continues to lick her. After what seems like minutes she brings her head back up and looks at me with a big smile.
"Wow, that was great," Sam says.
"Yes it was," Molly agrees. "Your dad's dick is still in my ass. It feels amazing. Can we just stay like this forever?"
"I'm about to cum, so not too much longer," I tell them.
Molly looks back at me with a pouty face. "Ok Mr. Spencer."
"Should I cum into your ass?"
"No. We would like you to cum on our faces at the same time," Sam tells me."
"Ok, I'm going to pull out now." I pull out slowly and stand up. I back up. Sam and Molly get up and kneel on the floor next to each other. I move toward them. What they do next I will never forget. They each take a side of my dick and start licking it clean, tasting Molly's ass off of it while looking me dead in the eyes. I realize this is the first time my daughter and I have had any kind of contact like this other than me cumming on her and our naked hug. I am kind of in shock, but go with it. They each then take turns fully deep throating me, alternating between that and licking my dick clean. I can't believe my daughter is sucking my dick.
"Alright, here it goes," I tell them. They both lean back, look up at me, and stick their tongues out. I stroke faster and faster and aim first at Sam. My first rope hits her at the top of her forehead. I do the same to Molly. I alternate back and forth, painting as much of each of their faces as I can. Once I am done I stop back. They both look at me with a big smile.
"Holy shit, this was amazing," I say.
"Thank you, Daddy."
Thank you, Mr. Spencer."
Do you mind if I take a picture of this," I ask them.
"Go ahead," they both say. I grab my phone off of the table and take a few pictures of them smiling up at me. They make a few faces and start laughing. They then start making out with each other, spreading my cum between their faces. I don't tell them, but I take a video of this. I will be jerking off to this for the rest of my life. I set my phone down and sit on the couch, completely spent. They get up and sit on the couch next to me.
"So, what's for dinner," Molly asks as we all laugh.