Hi All, Finally I find a real place to share my story or I can say my experiences after I tried several not proper blogs.
I am a male, now 26 years old from Indonesia and I have a normal cock size of Asian which is considered as small for western people point of view, a 4 inch in full erection.
I am an exhibitionist but because this is quite difficult to really do that kind of flashing here in this country, I am also a nudist due to that reason.
My exhibitionist journey was started when I entered college where I had to live alone in my boarding house for several years for my study. Because I lived alone, that was the time where I explored internet so often (especially porn). Starting from there, I was really interested with exhibitionism and I realized that I am an exhibitionist. In this boarding house too where I had done like a lot of exhibitionism and nudism activity.
The boarding house is really small just 3 x 5 meter. When you enter the door it's directly your bedroom where bath room is also inside and when you get out of the door, it is just a 1 meter porch before the street. My boarding house is in a quiet ally, not so many people walk there but at least someone must walk there.
This adrenaline appeared when I took a bath and I went out naked, of course it was normal because I was naked in my bedroom, however imagine if just behind the door of the bed room, it was already outside and some people just walked there. From this adrenaline I liked being naked more and more and I became always naked in my boarding house.
After several weeks, I felt like it was not enough, I wanted to be naked outside so one day at 6 AM after took a bath, I opened my door and I saw no one was there. So, I went out to the porch naked and put my towel in the hanger. My heart was beating so hard at that time. I really liked that adrenaline and I always did that naked outside to take and put my towel every before and after take a bath since then.
After a week, there was this desire that I really wanted people to see, not just me being naked outside. I could not sleep at that time thinking about what I should do with this desire of being seen. Then I remember in one Saturday morning, after I took a bath and put my towel in hanger, I got inside and I did not close the door, then I wore a boxer. This boxer is just a half of my thigh and really loose. After wearing it, I opened the window as well so my bedroom was really opened and seen from outside where I was there inside with only boxer on. Every time I heard footstep approaching, I laid down in my bed and my feet was facing the opened door, I lifted up my knee and because the boxer was too loose, my cock could really be seen clearly as if it was accidentally "dick slip" and I pretended to be sleeping.
I really liked very much the adrenaline when I knew people was there seeing my cock freely from the outside and I did nothing but heard what they said and imagined the reaction. I did not care if it was men or women, young or old, whoever it was (unless if my friend, luckily they never see me like that). Some of my favorites were some boys whispering to each other; "look at that cock", or some girls where one of them shocked screaming while the other tried to calm her down and also whispering to each other wondering what they were seeing. I liked it when the viewer was like in their high school age because that is the time when they just understand but also cannot do anything. It made them keep walking through that ally every time they wanted to go and I knew what time they usually walked through that ally. I also liked it when someone silently taking picture of me in that condition (I could hear the click when they take a photo).
After doing that, my courage was getting stronger. In the night like around 11, I sometimes opened both my door and window and being totally naked and at around 2 in the morning I liked going outside walking through the ally to the main street and to another ally. The feeling of the wind in the night was really relaxing but I must not be seen when I did that naked walking in the night because the culture in this country especially in that area would not accept that me being naked outside.
There was one time where I almost got caught. I was walking in the main street as nude as I was born and suddenly there was a man going out from another ally behind me, it was like only 5 meters behind. When I knew someone was there I jumped following my reflect to the behind of the wall on my left (the wall was like only 1 meter), I hided there and hoped that man did not see me. That adrenaline was not just like what I felt usually but also I was really scared. Luckily that man just walked away.
I could imagine that if in case that man saw me, I could be arrested while he gathers people to punish me by tying my hand and leg and being paraded to the area around. That is usually what happen if some ones caught having sex outside, being humiliated. Even though I felt like that kind of punishment was really exciting and actually I really wanted to be in that situation where I was alone naked, could not do anything and being watched by so many people, I did not have a courage to be like that.
Okay I think that will be my first story and my introduction. I hope you like it and I really love to see your comment and if you like it I would like to share my other experience of my exhibitionist in part 2 and part 3.