Holidays.
This used to be my favourite time of year.
Both the summer break and of course the winter holidays over Christmas. But for me, it was just so I could stay home and play video games or be treated to a free holiday by my parents.
This year, I didn't want to be away.
With a new group of highly attractive female friends from school, the last thing I wanted was to spend time away with my family. Sitting by the pool in a tropical location on Christmas Day, I felt a sense of frustration.
Partly due to being sexually frustrated but also just very much needing the company of someone my own age to speak to. I left the beautiful hot sun outside and headed back to the hotel room to spend a few minutes getting myself off just to relieve some tension.
By the time I got back to the room, my phone was ringing. I could see that it was an Instagram call from back in the United States.
Incoming call: Tayla
Surprised to hear from her on Christmas Day, I answered.
"Hey Tay, Merry Christmas!"
"Oh Leo, so good to hear your voice, Merry Christmas to you too! How's Fiji??"
"It's great," I replied, despite not wanting to be here, a little spoilt I have to admit.
"How long are you meant to be there for?"
"Two more weeks, pretty much."
"Oh snap."
"Why? Is something wrong?"
"No, it's just Declan's parents have a holiday home in Queensland, Australia, he's inviting all of us to head down there for a week or two, and be there over New Year's Eve, was hoping you might be able to make it but understand if you cant since you're already away."
In my mind, I was quickly working out the distance between Fiji and Australia. It wasn't too far at all, a much easier trip than it would be for everyone else coming from home."
"I'll be there!"
I made the decision just to agree without working out if it was actually possible or not.
"Really?? That's wonderful!"
"When will you be there? Who's going?" I asked, with so many questions I wanted answers to.
"Myself and Declan are leaving tonight, I know it's so sudden but Declan only just got the green light from his parents that this could happen. His parents have even chipped in for flights for the other girls, they're all leaving Florida tomorrow."
Listening in, I couldn't believe just how much money his parents had to be affording everyone's flights.
"A few of Declan's friends are coming too, they'll be there before New Year's Eve. Really hope you can make it, I know flights can be expensive but everything else down there will be sorted by Declan!"
"I'll be there, don't worry."
"Amazing! I'll text you the details. See you soon, enjoy your Christmas!"
It wasn't easy, but I managed to convince my up-tight parents that it would be safe and affordable enough to head to Australia for the rest of the holidays.
I'll save you all the details of the back-and-forth arguing that it took to get my way. Once I reminded my mother a million times that I was 18 and a legal adult, I finally had her blessing. Before I knew it, I was on a plane, about to land in one of the northern states of Australia.
***
"G'day mate, welcome to straya!"
"Sorry?"
"I said welcome to straya mate, you're a Yank aren't ya?"
I was standing outside the Brisbane Airport in Australia, in front of a very interesting character. The guy in front of me was in just a singlet and a pair of shorts. Instead of shoes, he had flip-flops on, and a cigarette in his hand.
My first thought was that he was homeless but he was standing at a bus bay outside the terminal. After further conversation, I figured out he was actually part of the bus company, assisting foreigners in getting them on the bus to their hotels.
They may have been odd but the Australians I met right away were certainly friendly, wanting to help.
I was led onto a bus that was heading south, down the coast to the Gold Coast, a real tourist destination. Following Tayla's texts, I worked out exactly where I had to go. Standing outside the front of a double-story house by the beach, I checked the address three times before finally knocking on the front door.
Just the sculptures out the front of the property made me think about how much this place would be worth.
"Hawkins!"
Opening the door to greet me was Declan Walker himself. He had his arms wide open, a beer in his hand, sunglasses on and a big grin on his face.
"Hi Declan," I said in a quieter tone, standing in front of him with my suitcase.
"Come on, get inside," he told me as I wheeled my suitcase inside.
Everyone knew the Walker's were rich.
But I never knew they were this rich. To have this sort of property on United States soil was one thing but to have it in foreign countries too, showed just how much money they possessed.
"Can give you a tour a little later, you need a drink first," he told me.
We then made our way further through the house, Declan led me outside where we stood on a large patio deck that overlooked the beach in the distance. Just below us was a decently big backyard with an area dedicated to a beautiful in-ground pool that was right next to a bubbly spa.
In amongst the bubbles, I saw Annie relaxing.
My heart skipped another beat. Maybe for a couple of reasons, she was looking amazing of course but I began to get nervous with the two of us still not on the best of terms, not having a chance to clear things up at the end of the semester.
"Beer pong," Declan said as he lightly pushed me in the back as he walked past to head down the outside steps from the deck, "Me versus you next game!"
I followed him down to the grass, I was more interested in chatting with the girls than getting straight into a beer pong game but this wasn't my house I guess.
"Look who I found roaming the streets," Declan said to the girls as he approached the outside table that had red cups set up there.
Midway through a game was Rose and Tayla. The two brunettes squealed as they came running in my direction. I can't describe how quickly my excitement to be here rose at that moment. The girls were both in two-piece bikinis. Tayla had a normal dark grey string bikini, her long brown hair flowing down past her shoulders, and dark sunglasses on. She came from behind as Rose reached me first for a hug, her brown hair up in a messy bun, the sex bomb in black bikini bottoms and a yellow bikini tube top that covered up her breasts.
They both gave me big hugs with Rose leaving a sloppy kiss on my cheek. I could smell the alcohol on her, it was about 1 pm in the afternoon here but she was already pretty drunk.
"Our boy's here!" Rose exclaimed.
It was hard to forget our last encounter in the bathtub. My very own bathtub...
However, it was nice that we had moved on from the awkwardness of the aftermath of my little incident with Bella. If only I could fix my issues with Annie, everything would be sweet.
Speaking of Annie, here she came.
I watched her body closely as she exited the nearby spa. Coming out of the water, her red bikini bottoms were wedged right up her ass cheeks. She fixed them up as, her butt in our direction before exiting the fenced area to join us.
She politely smiled in my direction but it wasn't the same enthusiasm I received from the other girls.
"He,y Leo."
"Hi Annie," I said as I hesitated I initially leaned in but stopped myself.
She put her arms out and looked at her own dripping wet body, "Won't hug you, I'm a little wet."
"Preach sister," Rose joked as she grabbed the ping pong ball off the table and tried to hit one of her cups from a distance.
"Hey! That's cheating!" Tayla called out behind her, chasing back after her.
The two girls began to wrestle over the little orange ball for their game. They laughed as Tayla was almost humping Rose on the ground. Declan stood back with his drink, enjoying the little show the girls were putting on.
It made me very horny but I was also aware that Annie was beside me. There was no way I could enjoy this New Year's holiday here overseas if I didn't sort out our problems right here, right now.
We made small talk before I suggested we go for a walk while the sun was still up and shining. She was happy to do so after drying off and throwing on some short shorts over her bikini bottoms.
With Declan's place so close to the water, it was naturally the ideal place to walk to. The beach was beautiful despite the packed crowds of locals and tourists on the sand. I certainly wasn't the person who liked that sort of environment.
There was a genuine awkward silence as we walked down the Australian beach. Besides some very brief casual conversation starters, we didn't speak. It was obvious that we were both thinking about what we could say.
Eventually, I went for it, opening my mouth to speak, "Annie, I..."
"Leo..."
It turned out she was about to bring it up as well.
"Sorry, you go first," I told her.
"No it's okay, I just was going to say I'm sorry."
"No way, I'm the one who should be sorry."
"Seriously Leo, it's my fault, I know you've changed and I didn't mean to speak to you like that, I didn't mean to embarrass or make fun of you."
Annie seemed genuinely upset about it like it had been playing on her mind as much as it had been for me. I directed her to the park bench as I noticed in the corner of my eye. Now sitting down, we had a chance to let everything out, every single thing we had to get off our chests.
By the end of it, we both felt a million times better. I leaned in and gave her a big hug, holding her closely. Her blonde hair smelt amazing up against the side of my face, somewhat eerily comforting.
"I've missed you," she said to me quietly.
"Annie, I've missed you too, you have no idea how much better I feel right now, I'm sorry for the way I treated you, it was stupid."
We kept embracing in what was a really long hug.
"Come on, let's go back and see the others," she said with a smile.
She offered her hand to hold as we got off the bench. I couldn't tell you that we were about to resume where we left off with Annie being flirtatious in my bedroom. But at least we were definitely still friends.
Where that would lead to from here? I'm not sure.
***
Night One in Australia saw us hit the town.
To be honest, I could have easily had a quiet one in bed, tired from the flight. But I followed the girls, Declan and his long-time Australian friend, Davo, to Surfers Paradise.
Davo was a character and a half. He had this very interesting long brown-haired mullet that he was very proud of. Davo had the typical Australian accent with plenty of cultural lingo that we didn't understand. He was also what I would consider a 'ladies man', that's not the kind of person I really wanted here when there was still hope that I might be able to get with Rose or Annie or even Katie and Milly again when they were finally here.
"Hawkins mate," Davo said, putting an arm around me as we lined up in the club, "You single or what?"
"Yeah, guess I am," I replied.
He nodded, looking at the rest of the line ahead of him, "Gotcha mate, if ya fancy any of the birds here, let me know, I know most of these chicks that come in here and there's a few I wouldn't waste my time on."
"Uh, thanks I guess."
"No worries cobber," he added, slapping me on the back.
It did bring up another interesting point. I was in a whole new other country. Was I being too focused on what was right in front of me, rather than looking at all these Australian girls that were heading into the same club as us?
I managed to pull Bella when I was drunk so it may be the only way again here.
We eventually made it in after over an hour wait in line. The wait had turned some of our group off tonight, others it fired up. While Annie and Tayla were already sobering up from pre-drinks, wanting to call it a night early, Rose and the two other boys hit the club like they had never been to one before.
We all managed to get inside a booth while Declan bought us drinks, thanks to Davo who knew a couple of friends inside one that were happy to share with us.
Up and about, I noticed Rose whispering into Davo's ear about something.
He chuckled to himself, I could just hear what he said next despite the thumping loud music from the DJ, "I got you sorted! Chuck me a 20 and call it even."
I watched from the other side of the booth as Rose pulled out some cash from the top of her dress. She passed him a note, putting the rest of her money, presumably back into her bra.
"You all good?" Tayla asked me, nudging me in the ribs from my left.
I snapped back to reality, seeing the pretty brunette, in a simple tight white dress that looked amazing on her killer body. I can't even start about the way her butt looked in it, nice and round, the material stretching over it.
"Yeah I'm all good," I smiled, "It's kind of loud in here though!"
She nodded, "We won't stay too long tonight, we've got plenty of time while we're here for this sort of stuff. I'm just so happy you were able to come with us, are you getting along with the boys well??"
"Yeah, Declan's been really friendly since you two have been back together and I guess Davo seems nice too!"
Tayla gave me a wide smile as she clung onto my arm for a second, "Oh my god that's so good, I'm so glad!"
Once more, I thought about what it would have been like if Tayla and Declan never got back together. Of course none of us would be sitting here right now if that was the case but maybe in an alternate timeline, we'd be doing something together... more than just a teasing handjob...
"Drinks ladies and gentlemen," Declan arrived back at the table.
The stocky blonde hair boy had treated us all with his parents' money again. It was a full tray of a mix of drinks. A few glasses of beer, a few mixed spirits and spread around the tray were shots full of vodka.
"About fucking time," Rose exclaimed as she grabbed a shot glass.
"Shut up and drink Rose," Declan said, grabbing one too before holding it up in the air, "Alright you lot! Everyone grab a shot glass!"
Everyone did just that, even myself who gulped, remembering the last time I got super drunk.
"To a couple of weeks of fucking partying, fuck exams!!"
We all stood up, thanking Declan as we clinked glasses before throwing them down the hatch. I shook my head initially as the strong straight spirit travelled down my throat.
"Alright! Come on kids, dance floor it is!" Rose said, still standing.
The shorter brunette in her dark blue dress, wasn't shy with Davo, brushing right up against him to get past him in the booth to get out. She then grabbed his arm and started to pull him out. They grabbed a couple of extra drinks on their way out.
They tried getting the rest of our attention to join them. I looked blankly at the tray full of drinks, not feeling up to dancing yet. I knew without the confidence, I would just look silly out there. Annie left to join them but when I looked to my left to see if Tayla was going to want to go too, I realised we may have a problem on our hands.
She was glaring at her boyfriend very seriously who now had a blonde Australian girl touching his back and asking him something. The blonde girl had a look in her eyes that said she wasn't here for just a casual chat with Declan.
It didn't help Tayla that this girl had her tits out in a lacy top, I got a glimpse of her cleavage and wow, they looked impressive.
Declan didn't turn her away right off the bat which was his first mistake. For the next few minutes, they chatted and laughed and Derek gave her one of the drinks from the tray. I picked up a lot of things on flirting since I had become friends with the Saturday Night Five and I knew that's what we were seeing right now. Definitely on her behalf and somewhat on Declan's.
When the girl finally left, Declan with a smile on his face, didn't know what was about to hit him. He jumped into the booth to sit down and receive a very dirty look from Tayla.
"What's wrong babe?" he said immediately.
The response just fired her up further, "Are you serious??"
Declan just shrugged, "What?"
"Who was that?? Who was the blonde touching you up that you so clearly loved the attention of!?"
Immediately, the blonde hair boy shook his head, beginning to get frustrated with his girlfriend. He grabbed another shot and downed it, "Oh for fuck sake Tay if I can't have a conversation with someone without you crying about it, what can I fucking do?"
"I'm not fucking crying, just asking you a question!"
Their argument continued, enough for me to walk away from the booth, letting them sort it out themselves. Besides, I needed to pee anyway, which had built up from the wait in line.
I peered over at the dance floor on my way to the bathroom. There was no sign of any of my friends. I chalked that up to how busy the club was. There wasn't much space at all in the main dance floor area in front of the DJ. It was summer and this place was packed to the rafters.
Finally, at the bathrooms, I counted my blessings that I was male. The female bathrooms had a queue that was extending well outside their bathroom. I pushed open the male bathroom next to the women's.
What I saw inside caught me off guard.
On the bathroom bench, next to one of the sinks, Rose had her head down over the bench with a rolled-up note. Now, you can make fun of me but I had never seen anyone do drugs before so this was a shock to the system, especially when it was Rose doing it in the men's bathroom. With her was Davo and another guy that I didn't recognise.
"That a girl," Davo said, patting her on the back as she finished snorting a line of white powder.
Her eyes were a little watery as she made a few sniffing noises. I stood and waited for Rose to recognise that I was in here now too.
"Leo... did you want to try?" she automatically asked.
Davo cut in, as he more white power on the bench, "Woah, woah, hold up, unless you're paying for him or he's chipping in, the rest is mine."
I watched as he used a credit card to line up the powder, "Yeah I'm fine anyway."
As Davo snorted the next line, Rose was curious about my reaction to this. I must have either been giving her a disgusted or shocked look. I didn't mean the former, I didn't have a problem with it, I just didn't know anything about this sort of thing.
"It's just for a little buzz, that's all, it's really harmless," she said, then reaching into the top of her dress again, "I can pay for you."
"No, no, seriously Rose, I'm fine," I told her, "I just really need the bathroom."
Again, my lack of experience in this setting would show. But as I found the only empty cubicle that nobody was using to do the same as Rose and Davo, I started to worry for my friend. I didn't know what the effects were like, did she do this often? How did it start? Is it just cocaine or was there harder stuff?
I excused myself as I left the bathroom. The rest of the night at the club wasn't the most fun I had ever had. It was overall a pretty boring experience. For the most part, I sat in the booth listening to Tayla and Derek argue.
When Annie agreed she had enough too, feeling tired herself, the four of us left while Davo and Rose chose to stay out. We went across the street to a kebab store, a quick feed for those who were still hungry before heading home. Again, it was a little awkward, by this stage, Declan looked like he might punch the next person who looked at him funny while Tayla sat crossed-armed the whole time waiting for the rest of us to finish our food.
Getting home, I headed to my new bedroom for the next week and a bit. I lay on the bottom bunk, one of three bunk beds in the room. It may be nice and peaceful in here now but I had already been told that I would be joined by some of Declan's friends when they were here. I refused to ask who exactly, worried to find out if Henry Foley was one of those invited here.
Exhausted, I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the soft pillow.
***
4:53 am
I had only been asleep for a few hours.
My whole mind was messed up due to the jet lag from my last two plane flights. Once I woke up, I found it hard to get back to sleep despite how tired I was. With a dry mouth, and needing water, I realised my only choice was to get out of bed and get some myself.
"Ugh," I grunted as I forced myself up out of bed and down the hallway.
In such a big house, it took me longer than I thought just to get from the bedroom to the kitchen. Once there, I grabbed a glass quietly and started to fill it up with the water from the tap.
"Oh good, you're still awake," a female voice startled me from behind.
I dropped my glass into the sink due to the shock. Thankfully it didn't shatter or anything, potentially waking everyone else up. Once I had a chance, I turned around to see Rose there, she put down her handbag on the kitchen bench and took a seat on the nearby stool.
"You just get home now?"
She nodded. It may have been dark still but I could see her clear enough to know she was still in her dress.
"What a lameeee club," she retorted, "Heard so much about 'Aussie boys' but they didn't live up to my expectations, not there anyway."
I returned to filling up my glass of water. Turning off the tap, I could hear her stumbling back off the stool, almost knocking it to the floor. Then I could sense her movement right behind me.
Rose's hands then touched my bare back. I had nothing on except for a loose pair of light blue boxers. She scraped her nails down my back, which felt extremely erotic.
"You're getting so sexy..." she whispered at the back of my ear.
Her hands scooped under my arms and grabbed my upper chest. The way she did it was very similar to the way that a guy would grab a girl's breasts from behind. Rose didn't stop there, I felt her breath up against my right ear as she put her lips to my lobe. She then sucked it right in, her tongue swirling around it.
In my boxer shorts, my cock was getting firmer by the second, it wasn't long at all until I was rock hard.
Naturally, Rose moved her hands down my bare chest, towards my abdomen. Just the way her nails scraped against my skin gave me goosebumps. Enough for my body to squirm from her touch. Her right hand travelled to the waistband of my boxers.
Very gently, she slid it into the waistband.
"Oooh..." she whispered into my ear again as her hand made contact with my shaft, "Soooo hard... Rose likey..."
Her familiar hand gripped my shaft, wrapping right around its girth. She started to stroke as she sucked on my ear a little tighter. For the next minute or so, she kept playing with me. The faster she stroked my dick, the more aggressive she got with my ear.
"Jesus..." I let out quietly, still right up against the sink.
Rose then let go of me, flipping my body around, "I need youuuu to fuck meee..."
I could see her eyes and the rest of her face enough to know she was in some hell of a state. God I wanted her bad... this may be my best chance with her.
She started to pull my hands as she walked backwards, trying to pull me away from the kitchen.
I wasn't going to stop her from doing so.
But as we barely got anywhere, Rose tumbled over, almost pulling me down with her. She tripped on absolutely nothing. I tried to help her up but she was making no effort to get off the ground. Rose had her eyes shut with a sleepy grin on her face.
"Rose, work with me here," I whispered to her.
She just giggled, her hair spread out in different directions underneath her.
"Come on, up you get," I said again, pulling her up to her feet.
The brunette wasn't stable whatsoever, holding onto me as I forced her to stand up. All I could do was drag her out of the kitchen and down the hallway while she giggled. She wasn't even trying to walk properly for me, drunk and probably drugged up.
"Where weee going," she asked as she chuckled to herself.
I pushed through a bedroom door, "Bed."
A part of me inside was frustrated, for that one second, I thought I might be able to fuck her tonight but she was too drunk for that. Instead, I lugged her body back to the bedroom she was staying in. Her body practically collapsed on the bed, as she giggled while on her back.
I had seen Rose doing a line in the bathroom tonight, I don't know if she had done anything more after but I was a little bit worried for her.
"Help me out of this!" she said groggily with her hands up in the air.
The brunette was talking about her dress. I had to physically get her back up on her feet just to help her out of the black material. I unzipped it from the back and started to stretch it down her body until it was in a pile at her feet.
Now I was staring at her in underwear and a bra. The brunette fell back onto the bed as she fiddled with her bra strap. I'm not ashamed that I was staring at her the whole time in the dark, watching those great tits pop out again.
In her topless state, she slid underneath the sheets.
"You okay now?" I asked, still standing up in just my boxers.
She made a humming noise which I took as a yes. But as I made a move back to the door, she called out, "Cuddles..."
I heard her mumble the word still pretty clearly. Rose waited for me to jump into the bed with her, she had positioned herself in the bed so that I could come in behind her to spoon.
Wrapping my arm around her, it was up against her bare chest. I may have had a sneaky feel of her breasts but while I was giving a couple of honks to her boob, I started to hear a very faint snoring sound coming from her nose.
Once I knew she was out, I drifted off myself.
The only problem, I was still thirsty...
***
Six hours later, I was awake again, this time for good.
With my arm still wrapped around Rose, I felt at peace with the world. As if this brunette sex bomb was actually my girlfriend. I stayed in bed for as long as I could, just spooning her as she remained sleeping.
Eventually, I was so desperate for both a glass of water and the use of the bathroom that I had to get up from the bed, leaving Rose by herself.
To be delight, the sun was already up and it was and it was another beautiful summer's day. With Milly, Katie and the others still a day away, there would only be the six of us in the holiday house for the day.
We all did our own things. Rose slept for the day, sick from the night before. Annie and Tayla went shopping for the majority of the afternoon, Declan and Davo stayed by the pool and finally, I went for a nice walk around the area, getting used to a new country.
It still felt surreal to be here.
When evening hit, Declan made the call that we boys would have our own night out. I certainly didn't want that and neither did Tayla who again was feeling irritated with her boyfriend.
I should have just said no and stayed with the girls at home but Declan was a hard man to say no to. Scratch that, I could say no to him, which I did, it's just he didn't accept that as an answer.
Back on the town that night, we were out at some beach bar. A beautiful view of the Gold Coast beach and the crashing waves hitting the sand.
The biggest challenge was trying to go one-for-one with guys. They'd finish drinks before I'd had a chance to get half way through one.
"Your missus didn't seem too happy mate," Davo commented to Declan as we sat at a table together.
He shook his head, before skulling the last of his drink, putting the glass back on the table with a bit of unnecessary force, "Ungrateful if you ask me, who's funding this whole thing? Paid for her plane ticket, paid for broke ass Rose, free accommodation for everyone... what more am I meant to do?"
"Bloody oath mate," Davo commented back.
I sat awkwardly at the table, not wanting to trash-talk Tayla or any of the girls for that matter. Declan had a viewpoint that I understood, I could see where he was coming from but I also knew well enough that it wasn't going to be enough to satisfy Tayla.
This went on for another hour.
"When will you be back... oh fuck off," Declan said, reading out a text he had just received from Tayla.
Davo laughed, "Fuck me, you are so whipped cunt."
He progressed to make fun of Declan and how Tayla had him wrapped around her little pinky.
After a few jokes and damage to his ego, the blonde hair jock had enough.
"Alright, fuck it, let's go strippers!" Declan suddenly said, grabbing out his wallet, "I've got enough cash here that we won't have to go back to the house until morning."
He wasn't wrong.
There were so many notes in there, specially green 100-dollar bills that made me a little jealous looking at my almost empty wallet.
"You beauty!" Davo exclaimed, up and out of his seat.
Suddenly the boys were all geared up to go, leaving me without any option but to follow along. There was definitely part of me that wanted to have that experience but I was also thinking about the members of the Saturday Night Five back at the house that I would rather have been with.
I told them I was feeling 'ill ' and promised not to tell the girls anything about where they were going.
The walk home for me was a long one, my phone had already died so I was left alone to my thoughts again. By the time I walked back into the house, I figured that Declan and Davo would be just about to enter the gentlemen's club. I was working out whether or not I should say anything to Tayla when I heard laughing and loud voices in the kitchen.
Down the hallway, I went until I made it through to the large opened space main living area connected to the kitchen. The three girls were all inside, speaking loudly and drinking. I noticed in the corner of my eye that the liquor cabinet in the kitchen was wide open and some of the bottles inside were now opened up on the dining table.
"Leo!?" Rose's voice exclaimed, "No stripper whores for you??"
I was startled, how did they know?
Tayla looked the most drunk of the three of them, she got out of her seat and came up to me, putting her phone in my face. The glow of her screen right in my eyes, I quickly realised she was showing me her Snapchat maps.
Derek had forgotten to turn his location off.
"What is my boyfriend doing there and why is nobody taking my calls??" she questioned me.
"My phone is dead," I said, pulling it out, wanting to desperately clear my name from any trouble.
I put the dead phone on the table to let any one of the girls check to confirm.
Tayla had put her phone down from my face, giving me a better idea of just how fired up she looked. She had a dark blue New York Yankees cap on backwards her long brown hair still down.
"That doesn't answer my other question now does it?" the brunette said as she grabbed me by the collar and dragged me over to a chair next to where Annie was sitting.
I fell into the seat and was quickly joined by Tayla herself. She threw her legs over me, sitting on my lap sideways. I found it difficult not to touch her legs in the light blue jeans she wore.
"Now..." she started to speak slowly and clearly to me, "Why is my boyfriend at the strippers?"
I looked around the room, not sure how to answer the question. Annie to our right, nudged my arm, "I'd answer her if I were you, she's not to be messed with tonight."
Looking back up at Tayla's face, sensing she had certainly had a bit to drink tonight.
"It was his decision," I told her, "After the beach bar, he suggested it."
"And you didn't want to look at any boobies?" Rose mocked from the other side of the table, grabbing and wiggling her own breasts, making Annie laugh.
I shrugged, "I'd rather hang out here."
Tayla groaned, "Oh but Derek couldn't do that... he couldn't stay at home for a night with us."
There was no doubt that I was stuck in the middle of these two right now. Declan had been complaining about Tayla on the night out now she was doing the same with him now.
Rose slid across the table the giant bottle of tequila, stopping in front of us. She grinned, raising her eyebrows at Tayla, "Just keep drinking babe."
The brunette didn't hesitate, putting it straight to her lips.
"Ew, how are you doing that without a lime," Annie commented.
Catching me off guard, Tayla put the bottle to my lips. She forced me to swallow a mouthful before I pulled the tequila back down, almost choking on it as I did so. The taste of the spirit would have had me gagging if I was to have any more of it. Rose in particular found it quite amusing, laughing at my reaction.
For the next half an hour or so, Tayla continued to be flirtatious towards me while bringing up how displeased she was with her boyfriend every two minutes. With her body so close to mine, sitting on top of my lap, I felt like I was getting more and more hornier by the second.
I was left hanging the night prior and Tayla wasn't making things easy on me.
"So are we going out or what?" Rose eventually put it to the four of us, "There's got to be way better places around here than the club we went to last night, let's find somewhere for a drink and dance."
"I haven't done my make-up or anything," Annie complained, "Do we have time?"
"Half an hour," Rose commented, "I'll give you half an hour and then we're out that door."
Annie rolled her eyes as she got out of her chair, "Not exactly enough time but fine... this is a holiday I guess."
"You two coming?" the shorter brunette pointed at me and Tayla.
I waited for her to speak first as she stayed up on my lap. Tayla grabbed the bottle of tequila again, "I've got free alcohol and a man here that would rather spend time with us than watch half-naked skanks dance on a pole."
"They'd be fully naked there... but fine, suit yourself, I'm going out to enjoy myself!" Rose said with some swagger.
She followed Annie back into one of the rooms as the girls got ready. True to their word, they were ready, all dolled up to go out in just over half an hour.
With them out of the house, it left just myself and Tayla alone. We moved from the dining table to the couch. Half laying down on the sofa, I watched as Tayla danced her way over. She was obviously a little drunk but she still moved so sexily across the carpet, still possessing the Yankees cap on backwards.
She was shaking her hips as she moved, her long legs and thick thighs made my mouth salivate in those tight blue jeans.
"Come dance with me," she said, reaching forward and grabbing my hand.
I resisted, not getting off the couch.
"I'm not much of a dancer Tay..."
"I don't care, dance with me," she pulled me off the couch physically this time by yanking on my arm.
With the sound of music playing from the television, we stood in the centre of the lounge room as Tayla started to grind her body up against mine. I can't say I was dancing or moving a whole lot, the entire time I just let the brunette do all the work, feeling her butt brush up against my crotch.
She would back herself up against me for a bit before turning back around and wrapping her arms around my neck. Naturally, I went for her waist, holding her there. Having a boyfriend, I felt like she could easily swat my hands away but she didn't, she enjoyed having them there.
"I know he'd be getting a lap dance right now," she told me with our faces close to one another, "I know how his mind works..."
Tayla was holding her stare intensely, I could feel the passion and anger behind those eyes.
"But if he thinks he can have his fun behind my back, I'll do the same behind his..."
"What you want to see the male strippers or something?"
Raising her eyebrows, she spoke to me in a whisper, "Don't need to go that far when I've got a perfectly good man in front of me."
My heart skipped a beat and before I could say anything in return, the brunette planted her soft lips on mine. Although I could taste the tequila off them, I loved every second of it. Tayla had such thick luscious lips that she smacked against mine, aggressively kissing me.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn't get out of this kiss, she had locked her arms tightly around my neck and was pulling me in so close. Again, my hands made a move without being told to by my brain. They went slightly lower to her great backside.
I had to squeeze that perfect round ass. It may have been over the top of the denim she wore but it was still worth the grab.
Tayla was more focused on what was happening above as her lips travelled to my neck. She bit down and sucked on my skin. I groaned, feeling the wet sensation on her lips. With little experience of this, I had a feeling she wanted to leave a mark behind, a little love bite for everyone to see tomorrow.
It made me think about and consider where I was. It was Declan's holiday home in Australia and I was standing in his lounge room, allowing his girlfriend to clamp her lips to my neck.
"Tay... Tay.... Tayla!" I said, eventually pulling her awake from my neck, "You've got a boyfriend... we're in his house... we can't do this."
She had an even bigger look of passion in her eyes again. I didn't think she was going to take that as an answer and I was correct. The brunette slowly pushed me backwards until I went ass down on the sofa lounge.
She followed suit, sitting back on top of my lap, up on her knees, "It's fine like I told you, he wants to keep secrets from me, I can keep one from him."
"But you're a little drunk Tay, I just don't want you to wake up tomorrow and regret..."
"I told you it's fine," she said more directly this time, cutting me off, "Now if you don't want to kiss me, or anything else then I'll leave you be and finger myself to the idea of fucking you on this sofa... but if you want to make that a reality then I'm fucking down!"
I gulped.
All I could manage was a little squeak of an 'okay'. At least she took that as an acknowledgement that I was on board for this. I was a little worried of course and feared that it would be something Tayla would reflect on as a mistake but hearing her word it out the way she did, I suddenly couldn't deny my urges.
She grabbed the sides of my face and resumed kissing me like she had done just before. Her kisses may have been a little sloppy due to the alcohol consumed but they still felt good as ever.
Her hands travelled down to my chest as she started to unbutton my shirt.
Wow this was really happening... I lent her hand and undid some of the other buttons so I could get my shirt off even quicker. It led to her hands ending up in a place they had been just once before. Tayla unclipped my jeans and unzipped me.
With a hand right on my crotch, she moved her body weight off me and moved to the floor in front of the couch to get me out of these jeans. They were a little tight so there was a bit of yanking involved while I slipped my arms out of the shirt. She didn't waste time taking my black briefs off as well and I assisted by lifting my butt in the air so they came off easy.
Being summer here over the holidays, it was the perfect temperature inside and out so I didn't feel chilly whatsoever when I was left without a single piece of clothing on me.
My hard shaft was pointing up in the air as Tayla ran her fingernails down my legs, smirking at my erection.
"Looks kind of familiar," she teased, as her right hand gripped my member, "Ooh yeah... very familiar."
Tayla's hand travelled up and down my poll, gripping it tightly. I was so conflicted as I watched her jerk me. Firstly, amazed that this was happening again but also a little frightened that someone would walk into the house to see me naked and her in front of me. But that second thought was being drowned out more and more as Tayla worked on me, especially when her head went down into my lap.
She stuck out her tongue, teasing the side of my shaft. My body shivered with the tickling sensation of her tongue up against me. Up and down the shaft, until she stopped at the top. My head was the most sensitive part of my cock and Tayla knew it.
The brunette further teased it, looking up into my eyes with a lot of cheek. Then her head went further downwards, this time taking me into her mouth. She started to slowly bob up and down, pressing those thick lips tightly against the foreskin of my cock.
Tayla pushed a few strands of her hair away from the front of her face. The baseball cap was actually doing a pretty good job of keeping her hair in place as she went down on me.
I could hear the sounds of slurping a little louder as she went further down my length, at a quicker pace. Every few seconds, I would see her look up at me, she'd be staring at my mouth wide open in the moment.
The last two girls to suck me off were now Tayla and of course, Rose. Suddenly I had a flashback of what Declan told me, how he said that Rose was a better cock sucker and Tayla was jealous of that knowing her friend had gotten off Declan with her mouth before.
I wondered if she was trying to show me that she could suck a dick better than others. Tayla was sure going for it now as I felt her take me all the way down her throat, holding it there. She made a little gagging noise before pulling back up. The amount of spit and saliva made it so easy for her hand to slip and slide back up and down my length as she looked at me.
"Fucking hell Tay..." I told her, "That feels incredible."
Her smile widened, retaining eye contact with me, "I don't want you to cum yet... I want to do more with you."
Hearing her say that, I thought of something I wanted to try with her that I had been slowly getting practice at and would also save me from blowing my load too early.
"How would you feel about me going down on you a bit?"
She held onto my shaft with the palm of her hand, a little surprised possibly to hear me ask that question, "You sure?"
"Of course, why? is that a problem?"
She shook her head right away, "No, no, no it isn't, I'd love you too... sorry... it's just I never get asked that, it's always just me going down on Declan... or any guys for that matter."
Instantly I knew this was a great suggestion. Tayla allowed me to switch places with her on the couch. Naked with my cock still rock hard, I finally had a chance to even things up. I left her white crop top on for now as I began to unbuckle her jeans. Pulling down on the zipper, I was getting more and more excited each second. There was a hint of black before I could see the full lacy material of her underwear underneath.
She lifted her butt in the air like I had done before as I tried to pull her jeans down. They were so tight on her legs and it took me a few tries to get them down her thighs. She assisted as I eventually removed the item of clothing, letting her feet in white socks slide out of the jeans.
I didn't want to rush her too much, thinking about the foreplay. So I got back up and began to kiss her, all the while teasing her body with my hands. It felt like all the power had switched again. With my left hand spare, I squeezed the lumps of her breasts from the outside of the crop top. I knew right away that she didn't have a bra on underneath. It was easy to tell, I quickly found where her nipple was and began to rub it from the outside of the crop top, feeling it harden underneath.
Both nipples were now visible, pointing hard into the fabric. For a girl with smaller breasts than her friends, her nipples felt quite solid in size.
Then I let my hand wander down her body to her panties. Naturally, they slid right inside them, feeling the moisture and heat. Touching her bare lips, they were wet which gave me confidence that I didn't have to wait much longer.
Katie's advice rang in my head from the first time I touched a girl here. Part of me wanted to rush but instead, I just teased Tayla with my fingers until I could hear her moaning into my mouth. When she was ready, I fell back to my knees on the floor below and peeled off the black thong. It was now damp and I left it hanging around my wrist as if it was some sort of reward I was keeping. I then pulled her body forward so her bare pussy was right in front of my eager face.
Her vaginal lips were glistening wet. I toyed with her just a little bit longer with my fingers before I dived face-first into her puffy pink lips. Her pussy looked just as appetising as Rose's.
Tayla's scent filled my nostrils as my head edged further inwards... my tongue slowly poked out. I could taste the juices almost immediately as my tongue touched her mound.
Slowly and steadily wins the race, I thought to myself. With my hands glued to her thighs, I teased the outside of her lips with just my tongue. When I sensed she wanted more, I pushed inside.
I could hear her quivering in front of me as my mouth started to explore her nether regions.
This felt so wrong, yet so right.
Unlike when I had gone down on the other girls, I knew not one of them had a partner. This time, this one did... but the sense of guilt wasn't going to win out in a battle with my male urges. The sticky taste of her pussy was starting to drive me mad as I began to push deeper inside her.
"AWHH YEAH...AWWHH!" she'd start to squeal.
Every time my jaw would get saw, I would pull back up and just finger fuck her as quickly as I could. That got an even bigger reaction from her as I stared up at the sexy vulnerable look on her face.
Tayla's moans continued to get louder. We'd truly be fucked if someone was to come inside the house.
Holding my head back down against her pussy, she screamed, "AWWH FUCKKK! LEO! LEO! FUCK!"
My jaw was locking again as I kept flicking my tongue up against her g-spot. Eventually, I had to give in and pull away again to get some air and catch my breath. When I did, she began to pull me off the ground and throw me back up on top of her.
We reshuffled ourselves so we could lie down sideways on the sofa. We kissed a little more but Tayla's hand was back on my cock. She didn't spend long jerking it because she was already lining it up against her bare pussy. There was nothing protecting it, nothing covering it, there was absolutely nothing stopping me from fucking this beautiful girl.
So I went for it, just the second time I was ever having sex. My cock approached her bare lips, poking away at it until it finally slipped in.
"Ooooh," Tayla moaned as I pushed forward, my length entering her mound.
Further and deeper I went, feeling like I had just dipped my cock into this lovely warm gooey hole. Her walls stuck to my length as I managed to work my way into a rhythm. On top of her, I had my hands spread out wide, beside her body as I thrust inside her.
The longer I fucked her, the more her long brown hair moved around from underneath her head. She was so beautiful, just so elegant even when she was being pummelled into. I couldn't help but get caught up in her amazing facial features, the small freckle that was to the left of her lips that was just looked perfect. Or the deep blue eyes that glimmered in the light.
All in the meantime, my cock was getting a serious workout, constantly ramming one home. She bounced and shuffled on the couch below me, her pretty little mouth open as she panted.
Damn it. I could feel the urge to cum rising.
As soon as I felt that, I pulled out.
"I don't want to cum just yet," I said honestly to her as I held onto my throbbing shaft, "This is honestly amazing, I just don't want this moment to end."
Blushing, Tayla pulled me back down with her arms around my neck, "Kiss me more then..."
Her lips puckered and so did mine in return. I slipped my hand underneath her head as we made out a little more. The soft wet touch of her actual lips had my heart doing somersaults.
Something about this girl made my heart warm. She was the first ever girl to make me cum. The hot girl that I looked up to as an intellectual equal. Tayla may have a boyfriend right now but I could treat her damn better than he could, I knew that.
Our near-nude bodies were so warm-up against one another as her lips did the tango. We were creating more heat and friction as I felt her roll us around.
Tayla was now on top of me and back in control. The one thing it did do was allowed me to grab a hold of that big old booty again. I gripped onto her cheeks and preceded to slap each one with a nice firm hand, a beautiful clapping noise.
I kept doing it, knowing she was liking it, moaning into my mouth when I would slap her ass hard enough.
Tayla grabbed both sides of my face and gave me one last passionate kiss, before pulling those lips away to look me in the eye, "Ugh, you're so... you're so..."
She couldn't put her words together, scrunching up that cute little nose of hers.
"I'm so what..."
Tayla started shaking her head, not knowing how to finish her sentence. In the end, she gave up and just kissed me another time, "Never mind... I've got more to show you..."
The brunette sat up straight on my lap as she peeled her white crop top off her body, discarding it on the carpet. Out popped her small perky breasts, rosy pink nipples hard as expected.
She pushed aside a few strands of her brown hair back from her forehead before moving forward again. This time it was her breasts in my face instead of her mouth.
"Suck on them for me!" she quickly said, pressing her breasts down on my face.
I took them in my hands while I sucked down on one of her hard nips. Like a baby, I clung onto her boob, sucking away while using my other hand to squeeze her other breast. There was the sound of her very lightly moaning when I would use my teeth up against her nipple, careful not to bite down hard.
When I got tired of one boob, I would switch to the other, pawing away at them.
In the meantime, Tayla was eager to get back into the action. She was rubbing her wet cunt up and down my shaft. The brunette did it enough times for my cock to eventually slip inside her.
I let out a groan myself, with my mouth still full of her right breast.
Just slow movements at first, would change as soon as she pulled her breasts back away from my mouth. Wet, she grabbed a hold of them as she sat up straight, gyrating her hips. My cock was all the way inside Tayla as she twisted around.
"You can last for me for just a few more minutes?" she asked me, pressing her hands down on my chest.
I nodded, not confident that I could even make it through the first minute. But she smiled at me when I gave her that false confirmation of my abilities to hold on. Tayla then took me on, starting to bounce up and down on my dick, taking it all the way in each time.
Make no mistake, she was going for it now. It felt like we had just gone from zero to 100 real quick. I could barely move, my chest being held down by her hands as her hips and ass did all the work. It bounced around like mad as she swallowed my length each time her body weight came down.
Tayla was now fucking me, not the other way around.
"AWHH YES! YES!" she would scream.
I tried just to grab a hold of her hips but they almost bucked my hands away with just how quickly she was moving. I knew I just had to be rough with her as she was getting with me.
My hands would wind up again, to slap her butt cheeks. A few times I didn't get the right connection with the bouncing of her ass but the times I did, it was the sound of perfection of her booty up against the right palm of my hand.
Trying to match her speed, I pushed my ass off the couch in repetitive motions, trying to move as one as we fucked.
"AW LEO! Fuck me like that!!"
Her pussy was putting so much pressure on my member, clamping down on it as our bodies moved together, very quickly. She could see it on my face that I was ready to cum very soon.
She stopped her constant humping to allow my dick to slip back out of her again. Tayla then moved her body around so that her back was to me, still hovering above my throbbing stiff member that didn't have long left until it went off.
Tayla grabbed me roughly by the cock, holding it steady as she repositioned it at her pussy. Once again she eased me in, everything was so moist and wet now that it would go in as easily as you like. The brunette peeked behind her, looking me in the eye, "Just one more minute, I promise."
I felt like I had a loaded gun inside her right now, cum that was just sitting there, ready to be unleashed inside her vagina.
But I held on for as long as I could as I enjoyed this new view. Tayla leaned forward, grabbing a hold of my ankles as she started to thrust up and down. A couple of times my cock would slip out but she just pushed me straight back inside, every time that happened.
What an incredible view of that phenomenal ass. Big round and juicy, it ploughed up and down, shaking around as it slammed down on me. Again, I reached out to squeeze it, slap it, and admire it.
But the more I did, the more I had that urge to finish. I was holding on for dear life now, trying to give her that last bit of pleasure.
"YES! OHH YES!"
Tayla's grip on my ankles tightened, locking me in position, I could feel her long brown hair rubbing against the skin of my legs as she bounced down on me.
While I entered a stage of no return, we were about to be disturbed. Tayla was so loud that we didn't hear the doors open or anyone walking inside the house.
"Oooooh!" I was alerted by Tayla's squeal of surprise.
It was a different time of squeal, not the one of pleasure she had been letting out just moments ago. Now standing in the lounge room area was the final two members of the Saturday Night Five, Katie and Milly.
My cock slipped out of her as Tayla grabbed whatever she could to hide her private areas. I didn't even think about the cushion that was in front of her, I was in the middle of an orgasm. Despite pulling out in time, I couldn't hold back my cock as it spurted out cum all over my chest.
Red in the face from embarrassment, I could barely hide my body.
"Well then... welcome to Australia I guess," Milly said, stunned.