This is based on a true story enhanced a lot.
The people reading my stories know we like to keep our marriage exciting by going on adventures from time to time, One day while talking with men I was working with in North Adams MA, they informed me portions of Whitingham Lake in Vermont is clothing optional. The areas are away from the town, there are very few houses on the reservoir, as the power company owns the rights to the land around the lake along with water rights to produce power for the region.
I kept this information to myself, because I like to surprise my wife with adventures, so I waited for a time the information would be most useful to me. It took about 2 months; my wife came to me one night after work with an advertisement of a carpet sale at a local flooring outlet, wanting to buy new carpets for some rooms in our house. The old carpets are still serviceable, as far as I am concerned, but my wife thought we needed a change. The debate between my wife and I went on for over a week. My wife saying, "We have the money and it would increase the value of our house." I kept saying "no". Being the last days of the sale and my wife was getting very impatient with me. The price being a few thousand dollar less, if we signed the papers for the carpet before the sale ended.
After a lengthy discussion, my wife knowing how she could have her way said the magic words; "I would do anything to get the new carpeting." While she batted her lovely blue eyes at me with her beautiful smile. All reading my story presently would think I was so smitten; when she brought out the contract I signed it.
Well you're almost right: I went to my computer and wrote up a contract stating in order to have the carpets installed my wife would be required to do anything I wanted for the summer months at my discretion. She did not even read contract, she signed it knowing she will be performing some type of fun if not somewhat humiliating adventure, she had occasion to sign contracts in the past. It was a game we played, so she is not responsible for having to perform as I ask, while getting what she wanted. She figures her payment will be the adventure I concocted. I in turn signed the paper for the carpets to be installed, with a clause in the document stating the carpets will be installed after our children went back to school.
It was late May when I signed the papers for the carpet. I asked my wife if she would like to take a few days to go away in early June, bringing our Searay bowrider power boat with us. She jumped at the chance to get away, but our children were still at the age they needed some adult supervision as they were not invited. Her girlfriend volunteered for the duty, as she lived down the street and could look in on them regularly. They were 16 and 14 at the time and somewhat self-sufficient.
I reserved a hotel room in the area of Whitingham Lake, with a space to park the boat when not in use, asking the hotel manager if she recommended any of nice restaurants and classy night clubs in the area for something to do at night. She said they will provide a list for us when we checked in.
Second week of June we were off for the hour and 45 minute trip to the lake at 8 am in the morning. My wife did not ask where we were going and I did not tell her. She packed her clothes and I packed the clothes I wanted her to wear unbeknown to her. I snuck the suitcase with her sexy clothes in the bed of the truck under the Tahoe cover along with the other suit cases she packed for us.
It was a very pleasant ride to the Lake through the Vermont Highways and over the green mountain between 100 and route 9 the weather was sunny and warm. We drove by the lake and I told my wife we are going on it, but we have to travel another 10 minutes to the boat ramp. It was about 10 am when we parked, after we launched our boat. We were traveling on the water for about 15 minutes when I purposely went by a beach with nude swimmers and sunbathers. I pulled into an area we could moor with picnic tables. Showing my wife a sign stating 'the lake from this point on is clothing optional', she laughed telling me, "I was wondering when the other shoe was going to drop."
This is when I informed my wife "I would like you nude from now until we pick up the boat." She started to protest, as I figured she would, as it is part of the game we play, so I had a copy of the signed contract of the two months she said she would do anything if we installed new carpets. Seeing she was giving me a hard time I had her strip right there in front of a few older men who were fishing from the shore. We were about 500 feet off shore,
There was my shy wife with her red face removing her top folding it and putting it the towel bag, she removed her shorts doing the same with the garment. Standing in the boat with only bra and panties on, she asked if we could go out away from shore, promising to remove the rest of her clothes. I thought for a minute then said OK as I could see she is willing to do as I ask. I moved off shore about a half mile before she removed her bra and panties. My beautiful mature wife was standing nude in our boat in public to be worshiped by any man lucky enough to see her.
My wife is fair skinned, so she wanted me to put up the top on the boat, she burns easily, so did not want to get too much sun, knowing I do not like the top up on the boat, she said she would make it up to me later. Drifting around the lake, my wife informs me, she realizes she was set up and it was dawning on her, she will probably be wearing very little clothing unless the weather changes, it was in the middle 80's and staying sunny and warm during our 4 day stay at the lake as I checked the weather before we left home.
We cruised around the lake at a slow rate, as it has many rock outcropping and rocks just under the water, using my depth finder to check the areas to make sure I did not damage the lower unit of the outdrive, going so slow my wife adjusted the seats on the passenger side into a bed to lie down, with her feet facing the back of the boat. She took a nap with one leg off the side of the bed spreading open for anyone coming up in back of us could see her. She was close enough to me, so I was rubbing her left breast gently while I was operating the boat.
It was only about 40 minutes after my wife took off her clothes and she is getting used to her nudity already, we were conversing as I was cruising slowing, as if she was fully clothed enjoying the massage' I was giving her breast. Finding a very private island about 3 miles from the boat ramp, going around it we found a nice spot to moor. Pulling in on the east side of an island, it had a canopy of trees and a nice swimming area. I tied the boat to a tree and left it floating in two feet of water.
We were only there about 10 minutes, it was very warm, we decided to go swimming; my wife had her feet in the water sitting on the swim platform to get used to the water, when a boat with 3 fishermen, ranging in age between 35 to 60 years old, came around the bend trolling about 1000 feet away, and coming toward us. My wife started to get back in the boat, when she looked over the motor cover see the boat coming toward us, I stopped her telling her to sit up on the motor cover and lean back, She complied this caused her legs to spread to stay balanced. I was standing in about 3 feet of water admiring my wife's exposure. She was mortified, her face turned red saying to me "You want me, your shy wife showing those men my most private place?" I said yes, I thought so was her remark, which surprised me. Giving me a shy smile she sat on the motor cover and spread wide with her back to them, as if she did not see the boat coming toward us.
The 3 men noticing the pretty nude woman on the boat, as they came around the small island, they were smiling and waving noticing she was in a very exposed position and not moving. My wife waved back to them as they maneuvered their boat within 30 feet of us to say hi, telling us they were being neighborly. They usually fished in the area we were moored, one of the fishermen asked if it was OK to continue fishing in the area. I noticed they were all looking and speaking to my wife's vagina. I jumped in before my wife said anything and said they could stay. In turn I asked if it was OK for my wife to sunbath as she was or would they rather she put on her suit. Big surprise, they said she was just fine as she was. My wife gave them a shy smile and thanked them.
Some of the readers are probably wondering why we were not afraid for the safety of my wife with three men fishing so close to us, the state police patrol the lake, and they come by many times during the day, before we launched the boat in the lake it had to be inspected and tagged. We have to be off the lake by dark. The patrol came by 3 times in 4 hours we were at the island. They stopped and talked with the fishermen and us the first time by. Actually the two officers talked to my wife's pussy they left with a smile on their faces.
Now to continue with the story:
My wife knew she would be totally exposed for as long as the fishermen were near for my enjoyment, so she asked me to put the two seats on each side of the motor cover up, to make a bed for her to lie on. She kept her legs spread wide when she laid back on her own accord. I took out the sun tan lotion making a show of covering her, taking my time with her breasts and pubic area. The fishermen, who were only about 60 feet from our boat and casting their lines in such a way, as not to miss any action going on in our boat. I told my wife to turn over. She knew I wanted to make sure there was not any portion of her body the fishermen did not see. She kept her legs together to begin with, but I sat between them, so she had to spread her legs, thus giving the fishermen a view of her back side. I applied more suntan lotion to her body, making sure her butt was protected from burning.
We were on the island for about two hours; the fishermen were talking with us all while and not catching many fish. They will probably go hungry if they relied on catching fish to eat. It took my wife less than 5 minutes to become comfortable with the men and she kept herself spread for most of the time they were fishing, a few times she went into the water with me for 5 minutes or so. As much as I wanted to remove my suit I kept it on, so she would be the only one nude.
We were getting ready to leave when the fishermen asked if it was OK for them to go swimming, we told them sure. They all stripped off and dove in. Getting back out of the water, they dried off in the sun giving my wife a smorgasbord of penises for her viewing pleasure. I also removed my suit, so we all ended up nude. My wife asked, if we could stay longer, we ended up stay another 2 hours swimming with the fishermen and sunbathing. I had to apply the sun tan lotion to my wife every time she came out of the water to the enjoyment of the 3 men. We never found out their names and we never told them ours.
The fishermen followed us to the launch area, with their boat, stopping to dress in their bathing suits about a half mile out, as I did, but my wife only grabbed her cover up to dress in. She stayed in the boat, to drive it on the trailer, after she let me off to back the truck up. The fishermen were next to us loading their boat on their trailer also. I backed the trailer in the water and my wife drove the boat onto it. The three fishermen were amazed at our teamwork, as she drove the boat on the trailer I hooked it and we were done, as they always have problems loading their boat as they were today.
I pulled the boat out of the lake, after my wife brought up the lower unit. The three fishermen were in the back of the boat in a flash to help my wife out of the boat, even though they had not finished loading their boat. When she entered the truck she looked flushed telling me each of the fishermen felt her up, helping her out of the boat, one of them had his hand on her bare butt, while helping her out of the boat. I asked if she minded it. She smiled and said no, as she had a very exciting day.
They were still trying to load their boat on the trailer when we looked over. My wife said "you think we should help them?" I told her it was up to her. She said "let's do it", getting out of the truck and walking over to where they were struggling. My wife asked if they wanted help reluctantly they said yes. We showed them what they needed to do. One of the fishermen helped my wife into the boat, putting his hand on her bare bottom, in the process, while I showed another fisherman the proper depth for the trailer. My wife drove the boat on the trailer first shot. They backed the boat off and the fisherman tried his hand loading the boat. They helped my wife out of the boat after they took it out of the water.
By the time we left all the fishermen had felt my wife's beautiful bottom. We had such a good time so far on our vacation. We are looking forward to tomorrow.