A/N: I'm glad so many people liked the first chapter! There's a LOT more where this came from. And I'll be posting more regularly from now on--the approval process for the first chapter threw me for a bit of a loop. I hope you enjoy this!
Also, in case it wasn't obvious/implied before. All characters are 18+ in this story and all subsequent chapters
II: Blake
Blake closed her door behind her, and then leaned back against it, eyes closed, heart pounding. That was not at all what she had meant to say!
She listened closely, hoping she hadn't fucked things up for Liam or between her and Marie. When she heard what sounded like making out--at least, that's all she hoped it was if they were still in the kitchen--she sighed in relief.
Until now, Blake had only heard bits and pieces about Liam--Marie had been rather closed-mouthed about guys since the breakup, and even more so since finding out that Blake was a camgirl--but she had not expected, well...him.
That spiky brown hair, those piercing green eyes, the lean muscles...and he was so tall. When she had leaned in to whisper in his ear, the scent of his cologne had given life to an urge to nip at his neck. Marie's old boyfriend had been hot--hotter than Liam in some ways--but there was something that stood out about Liam. Maybe it was that he was so sweet--he hadn't seemed to judge her at all for what she did, or try and hit on her. Either he was very committed to Marie, or he was just that good of a guy. Blake wondered what he had been thinking when he had first seen her and spaced out--his eyes had been so intense. Had he been remembering a particular time when he had seen her before?
Suddenly, Blake blinked.Aw fuck...
She stuck her hand down between her legs and inside her panties, slowly inserting one finger between her lower lips.
When she pulled it back out and looked at it, she sighed. It was covered in her juices.
"Damn it, Marie," she murmured to herself, "I guess not having him over was a good idea." Though it didn't help that she had already had a plug in her ass before Liam had come over.
Blake locked her door and then walked over to her computer, licking her finger clean of the tasty juices covering it--she tasted a bit more tart today than usual, but she didn't mind--pussy juice was an acquired taste, and she had come to love her own flavor. She found her camming playlist and hit play--the speakers producing the first of the mix of the sixty-or-so songs from various genres, all set at the proper volume that would obscure most sounds she made during her show from her roommates without interfering with the shows themselves.
Swaying to the music, Blake made her way over to the drawer where she kept her various sex toys. She looked at the different dildos and vibrators and plugs for about a minute before shaking her head and closing the drawer--she would keep the plug already inside her ass where it was, but she wanted to use her own fingers, not a dildo. There was just too great a danger of her imagining Liam's cock in place of whatever dildo she chose. Blake was already guilty enough about masturbating to him--she was going to do it and she was going to fucking enjoy it--but if she started seeing him more often, she didn't want to risk remembering how hard "his cock" made her cum whenever she saw him.
Blake lifted her sweater over her head, revealing her small, pale breasts. Glancing over at the mirror on the back of her door, she took a moment to appreciate herself. She liked being tiny and slim, but often wished her boobs were a cup-size or two bigger. She did realize, though, that the perkiness of her boobs was something many girls would kill for, and that made their size more acceptable. She stripped off her shorts and panties, leaving herself in just her knee-highs. She had caught Liam glancing at those more than a few times.
Does he have a thing for knee-highs? I've never seen Marie wear any when she goes to see him. I should tell her to buy some, she felt her cheeks grow hot as her lips curled in a wicked grin, or I can just make sure to wear some whenever Liam comes by and see how he reacts.
Climbing onto her bed, Blake arranged the blankets and pillows around her so she was at her maximum comfort level, then closed her eyes. Ghosting her fingers over her skin, she sent shivers throughout her body as her hand made its way down to her pussy. She started by rubbing around the lips, teasing herself, while her other hand drifted toward her nipple. As she rubbed and massaged the flesh between her thighs and pussy, she drew circles around her tiny pink nipple, raising goosebumps on the darkening flesh. Then she touched her pussy, just the tip of one finger, but that was enough to make her gasp. She ran it back and forth across her opening from clit to just before her asshole, slowly coaxing her lips apart. Then she started dipping her finger in at the center--just enough to collect some juices to use to make the rest of her opening nice and slippery. She missed her soft, fluffy little blue patch of hair, but thought she might be able to get used to having everything smooth down there.
How many shows did Liam watch? Was it just one, or was he a repeat customer? Which one did he watch last?
"Oh, fuck." She breathed, finally slipping her finger between her lips. She hated and loved that they stayed so tight. When she used a dildo--or a real cock--it felt wonderful, but only if she made sure she was properly lubricated and warmed up.
Blake started rubbing her hand over her pussy, massaging her lips and clit at the same time. The hand at her nipple, currently pinching and pulling, moved down past its companion to the gem plug she wore, fingers latching delicately around the rim of the plug. She began pushing it in and out with shallow thrusts as she massaged her pussy which was growing wetter by the minute.
Her eyes shot open, "Fuck, Liam's watched me do this."
That realization sent sparks of arousal and pleasure throughout Blake's body, and she dug two fingers into her sopping wet hole, done with teasing herself. She needed to cum.
Blake began pumping those two fingers in and out of her pussy, not caring about how loud she was moaning, or the fact that she was thinking about Liam watching her. Little wet squishing noises accompanied her moans in punctuating the rhythm at which she pleasured herself. She hooked her fingers up, hitting her G-spot at the same time as she pulled her plug out to the widest part, and slumped back into her pillows at the pleasure that washed over her. Clenching her teeth as to not cry out, Blake began hooking her fingers up into her G-spot. Hard. Even so, little mewls and muffled shrieks escaped, rising in pitch and intensity as her breathing became faster and faster until finally, she came.
Blake was familiar with this type of arousal, however. Simply riding out her first orgasm and basking in its afterglow wouldn't satisfy her. Still panting, she took the hand that had been playing with her plug and moved it to her clit. As she came, the first wave of the orgasm washing over her, Blake began rubbing her clit furiously, hissing at the intense pleasure. The next wave felt more like a truck as it hit her. Regardless, Blake kept thrusting her fingers up toward her G-spot and rubbing her clit as her pleasure spiked, causing her to cum again just as her first orgasm had seemed to fizzle out.
Finally, she could take no more and pulled her hands away, panting. She let herself lay there for a while, chest rising and falling heavily. When she finally looked at her hands, both were slick with her juices--the two fingers that had been inside of her had a fair amount of her thick, creamy grool on them as well.
As Blake lifted them to her mouth, she noticed a small wet spot on the blanket in front of her crotch.Guess I gushed a little bit.
Once she had licked both hands clean off all her lovely juices, Blake leaned back and reached to her nightstand for her smoothie. It had melted and separated.
Blake glared at the drink for a moment, then rolled her eyes and flopped back in the bed, too tired to even mix it back up.
I just got myself off to Marie's perfect fucking boyfriend.
Blake let out an exasperated sigh.
Fuck...I have some serious shit to work out.