*This is my first attempt to write an erotic story. I've had ideas floating around my head like bingo balls and I'm finally committing to paper. Please give me praise, comments, criticisms, and suggestions. Thanks for reading!
*
"It's going to be 95 out today. Do you want to go to the beach with me?"
Mike shrugged. He and Allison didn't have much else going on the whole week. Or the whole month, for that matter. School didn't start until September.
"Sure."
"You always do everything I want," Allison said, "I could suggest a play or a day at the library and you would say okay."
Mike smiled.
"A play sounds okay. When do you want to go?"
Allison punched him in the arm.
20 minutes later, towels, suits, and sunscreen packed, they left. Mike followed Allison out the door and admired her body from behind. She was beautiful. She had long slender legs that seemed to climb 10 feet high. Her tight ass wouldn't be considered flat, and it had a wonderful curving grace that moved with her swaying hips. Her perky breasts would fight gravity for another 40 years, but she complained about them, saying they weren't big enough and she didn't have cleavage. Mike thought they fit her lithe frame perfectly. He pulled lightly on her messy ponytail as he unlocked the car door for her. She climbed in and he jumped into the driver's seat.
"Take your panties off," Mike said.
Allison looked at him.
"What? We're in your driveway. What if a neighbor saw?"
Mike shrugged. "You always say I do everything you want. Do something I want."
She smiled at him. "Maybe, but not here."
They rode quietly for a bit. 10 minutes later, they merged onto the freeway. It was 11:20 A.M., Tuesday, and traffic was light. Mike leaned towards Allison, who was absently staring out the window.
"Okay, we're out of the neighborhood."
She turned towards him, a look of confusion on her face. Then she remembered and laughed.
"You don't give up, huh? Okay, here goes."
She reached her arms under the hem of her dress and slid her blue thong off. She tossed it into the backseat for good measure. She pulled the top of her dress an inch off her thighs and laughed. Mike looked at her with eyebrows raised.
"The breeze feels good, you know?" she said.
"Why not pull that dress up to your waist?" Mike asked.
"Because there's a truck up ahead and he'd see me."
"What if I want him to see you?" Mike countered.
The question hung in the air for several beats. Allison looked at Mike.
"Why? Would that turn you on?" She asked.
"Maybe. I don't know. I've thought about it before but I never asked. I don't want to freak you out by saying I want strangers to see you naked. It's not too weird, right? It's not like I want to beat you or electrocute you or anything."
Allison glanced up as they passed the truck. She turned her back to window and faced Mike.
"No, not weird. Maybe a little out of the ordinary, but not weird. I've never done anything like that, like flashing. I'm not slutty or anything. I kept at least some of my clothes during Spring Break."
"I think this is different compared to Spring Break or a club. It's just us and a lonely trucker. You're making a guy feel better about his job. Would you give it a try for me? Please?"
Allison was quiet for a mile. Mike didn't press or repeat himself. Finally, she turned toward him.
"Okay, I have an open mind, but what do you want me to do, lean out the window naked?"
Mike suppressed a laugh, "That is a good idea. Let's do it your way."
Allison's mouth dropped open.
"I'm kidding," Mike said, smiling, "Let's go with something easier. Pull your dress up to your hips. I want you to let this next truck see that you're shaved completely bare."
Allison looked down the freeway. A half-mile in front of them was an orange semi. She stared down at her feet and sighed. Her fingers plucked nervously at the hem of her dress and she glanced at Mike. Mike nodded encouragement and Allison began the ease the dress up her thighs, revealing tanned, lean legs. One quick bounce of her hips got the sundress out from underneath her. She tugged it up over her belly button. Allison was completely naked from the waist down. Mike tried to watch the road.
"You okay?" he asked, noticing her clenched hands.
"I'm fine," Allison said, "I'm just about to show a total stranger a part of my body that has been seen by maybe three people in the past several years, including my doctor. Other than that, I'm peachy."
Mike moved into the right lane behind the truck and matched its speed.
"Okay, this is gonna be fun. I want you to spread your legs a little. Your feet and your knees. I'm going to pull up next to the cab and stay there for a count to ten. Then, I'll leave this guy behind. There's no one else within a mile of us and it will be just you and me. Don't even worry about the guy up there... Here we go."
Mike pulled back into the left lane and goosed the accelerator. They moved slowly towards the cab. Mike glanced at Allison, who sat ramrod straight and stared at the horizon. As they drew next to the driver, Allison glanced up. The driver looked down at her, double-taked, and stared. Her heart thundered in her chest and her mouth went dry. Her whole body shook slightly under the eyes of the truck driver. Here she was, showing her shaved pussy to some random guy. She was plainly in view and he was looking right at her bottomless body. She was scared and turned on and...
And he was gone. The car smoothly sped up past the truck. Mike looked in the rearview mirror and saw the driver waving. Allison was rewarded with a resounding blast from the air horn.
"Holy shit," Allison said, "I'm out of breath. I can't believe I did that. What a rush! I feel so dirty and disgusting and hot and wet. I can't even think straight right now."
Mike grinned. At least she didn't hate him for making her do it.
"Umm," he started, "So you liked it?"
"I don't know," Allison said, "I think I did. I've got a lot of mixed feelings right now. Aren't you jealous or upset or anything?"
Mike placed her hand on his crotch. He wasn't fully raging, but his dick was stirring. Allison squeezed it gently and ran her hand up and down his growing length.
"Wow, I didn't know I could have that affect on you," she said.
Mike grinned again, "I told you I've thought about it before. It was way better then I imagined. You were showing your pussy to some random guy. He loved it. You should share your body with people more often."
They drove on.
The beach was d-e-d, dead. The bored parking lot attendant took their money and went back to his crossword puzzle. They found a parking spot at the front of the path leading to the beach. There were a dozen cars total. They walked down the pathway towards the water. Allison stopped and grabbed the bag of beachwear from Mike. She headed towards the changing rooms when Mike grabbed her arm.
"Hey, I want you to do something else for me."
She looked at him suspiciously.
"No, serious. I think you had some fun earlier on the road. Why not up the ante and be naked where someone MIGHT see you, but probably won't?"
"Where?"
"The men's room."
"What? No. The trucker was okay since he was up there in his truck and is now long gone. This is too much for me. I'm not comfortable with it. What if there are little kids in there or something? No."
Mike looked around.
"There's no one here. There were a few cars in the lot and they're all on the beach. It would take one minute and you'd be done. It's the thrill that someone COULD come in. No one really will. You can't hear voices, you can't see anyone around here and we could hear a car in the parking lot. It's safe, but it's daring. That's the point, to do something you're not comfortable with."
Allison frowned at him,
"You liked showing the trucker your pussy, didn't you? Why not try a little more? If you're afraid, that's okay. I won't pressure you anymore."
Allison cursed under her breath and looked around. She saw no one. She heard no voices. Stubborn, she grabbed the bag and strode towards the men's room. She walked right in and saw no one. Mike followed behind. Allison headed past the toilets and into the changing area. She poked her head into the showers.
"No walls or curtains? Doesn't that make you uncomfortable?" she asked.
"Nah, guys are used to being naked around each other. It's no big deal for us. We're pretty comfortable with our bodies."
There was no one else in the small building.
"Okay, can I have my bikini, please?"
Mike shook his head.
"Not until after that dress comes off your body."
Allison let go a strangled groan in mock frustration. Her hands grabbed the bottom of the dress and she pulled it slowly upwards. It slid passed her thighs and up over her pussy. She stopped and turned in a circle, teasing Mike.
"You like my ass? Do you like it on display for anyone to come in and see it?"
Mike got excited. Allison was starting to play along with him. He nodded at her and she raised the dress higher. She turned away and brought the hem just above her shoulders. With a flip of her wrists, she popped it off and tossed it at Mike. Then she struck a pose, on hand on the wall, one on her hip. She tilted her head and squinted.
"How's this look?"
Mike's hard cock tented his shorts. Anyone could walk in right now and see her fully naked. Her breasts were pulled up and taut by her pose. She looked more beautiful now then ever.
"May I have my bathing suit now?"
Mike nodded dumbly and handed it over. Allison took her time stepping into her bottoms. Heat curled up from her pussy and tints of red lit her neck and face. She was breathing quickly and her pulse was rising. Mike reached over and rubbed her clit underneath her bikini. Her hips swayed forward and ground into his fingers. She stared him straight in the eyes.
"Mike, I really like this," she breathed.
He rubbed a few seconds more and took his hand away. She let out a noise of disappointment. They headed towards the door. Mike looked back at Allison and smiled.
"You're just putting your top on now?"
The beach was quiet. There were a few couples near the water line and some single guys sitting near the treeline that ringed the sand. The sun was baking and the water looked refreshing. Mike and Allison laid their blankets down in the middle of the beach and sat. Allison began spreading sunscreen on herself and Mike looked around. Their only close neighbor was an older man, white-haired and deeply tanned. He lounged on a blue collapsible chair and had a small cooler next to him. He glanced appreciatively towards Allison, than turned his attention back to the water.
Allison stretched out her long, slender body. The sun bathed her in golden light and she looked absolutely beautiful. She put on her sunglasses and faced the water. Mike pulled a book out of the bag and started reading.
"Mike?" Allison said.
"Yeah?
"Did you like that in the changing room?"
"Yes, I did."
"Did you hope someone would walk in on me?" Allison asked.
"Well, yeah. I think that it's a big turn-on that you're confident enough to show your body to people. That's what makes a woman sexy, when she trusts herself and is confident. Heck, I think you should strip down naked right now and let that guy over there look at you."
Allison looked at the old guy. He seemed harmless. He didn't have a camera and was just sitting and enjoying himself. She made a decision.
"What do I get if I get topless right now?"
"Plenty of women go topless, they just lie face down to get rid of that tan from their tops," Mike said, "It wouldn't be any different."
"No," Allison said, "What if I was face up? What would you do for me?"
Mike thought about it for a few moments.
"Dishes for a week."
"Month," Allison said.
"Done. But it can't be for ten seconds. I expect a minimum 15 minutes."
"15 minutes! That's forever!"
"Well," Mike said, "The only person around here is that guy. And once he sees you, he's seen you. What difference does 1 minute make to 15? You gotta decide before I drop the deal to 2 weeks."
Allison smiled and nodded. She rolled onto her chest and reached back. She undid the clasp at the back of her top and pulled it out from under her. She looked at Mike, blushing, and sat up. Her arms went instinctively to her chest and she forced them down. Her back was still to the man, but the sound of him suddenly sitting up let her know he saw what had happened. Breathing deep, she laid back, supporting her body with her elbows. The feeling of the sun on her breasts and the breeze caressing her nipples made them hard. She felt pulsing in her groin and nervousness and excitement in her stomach. She looked at Mike, who looked like he had gone to heaven. He couldn't help but stare, his hard cock bulging in his bathing suit.
"You look amazing," he said.
Allison thought so, too
Five minutes passed. Allison was growing comfortable knowing no one was really able to see her. She was out in the open, topless, showing her very perky B-cup tits off to the world. Mike was enjoying the sights, but he hadn't put his hands on her. He tried, but she frowned at him and scared him off.
She then heard sounds of walking in the sand. The older guy was walking towards the water. He strode by, 20 feet away, and glanced down at her. She fought the urge to cover up and roll over. He smiled, nodded, and jogged towards the water. The stranger was a nice enough guy, not pervy, and Allison liked the fact that he checked out her tits. Mike caught her half-smiling and grinned.
"You liked that, huh?"
"Yeah. It's nice to be appreciated by someone other then you. You always tell me I'm pretty, but you have to say it."
Mike laughed at that.
"Well, I'm glad you liked it, because he gets a long look when he has to come back to his chair."
Allison didn't think about being in full view of the guy as he can back onto the beach.
"I don't know, I might feel the need to get my back in the sun," she said.
"Oh, no. You're staying how you are. Let him look. Give him a good view. He seems like a nice guy, why shouldn't he deserve it?"
Allison mentally agreed. She stayed on her back.
A few minutes later, the older guy came out. He walked slowly up the beach, looking at Allison. He smiled, appreciative of her body. He looked at her like he was viewing a Monet. He veered closer to their blanket and would pass within feet, the whole time his view fixed on Allison. Moments before he reached them, Allison put her hands behind her head and arched her back. She stretched out and let the guy take it all in. His eyes went huge at her brazen display and a big smile flashed across his face. He nodded at Mike and said 'beautiful' under his breath but loud enough for them to hear.
He went on towards his chair and Allison pounced on Mike. She kissed him hard and drove her body into his.
"Oh my God," she said, between kisses, "I'm so turned on right now."
Mike wiggled out from under her.
"Okay, take off your bottoms."
She cleared her throat.
"Laundry for a month, too, and I'll do it."
Mike agreed.
She quickly slid off him and onto her blanket. Her enthusiasm showed she was as excited as he was. She reached for her bottoms when Mike grabbed her wrist.
"No, do it standing."
A look of horror, mixed with lust, colored her face. She staggered to her feet, shaking slightly and looked out at the water.
Mike grabbed her ankle and tugged.
"Face him."
Allison took a deep breath to calm her thudding heart. She was crossing another line. She turned slowly and faced the older man. He glanced up at her and then back to his book. Her hands came up to her hips and she snagged the waistband of her bottoms. The old man looked up again. He saw what she was going to do and he put his book down to enjoy the show. Allison, feeling her face flush dark red, peeled her bikini over her hips and down her legs. She let her bottoms drop to the sand and she stepped out of them. She was naked. She was completely naked on a non-nude beach, openly showing herself to a stranger who was 60 feet away. She was letting him look at her tits, her pussy, her legs. She was on displaying to a strange man and she had never been hotter in her life. She turned slowly on her own, showing him her tight ass and her entire body. The older man sat back and enjoyed.
Allison wasn't turned on anymore, she was fucking horny. Her carnal instinct kicked in as she grabbed Mike's hand and yanked him off the blanket.
"Whoa," he said.
She led him right past the man, leaving her bikini with the towels. They walked 20 feet into the woods before she threw Mike on the ground. He barely had time to catch himself before she yanked down his shorts. Allison kneeled in front of him and started stroking his cock. Her other hand snuck in between her legs and fingered her pussy.
"Please get hard fast, Mike. I need you to fuck me right now. I need your cock in me right now, Mike. C'mon, baby, let me sit on that stiff dick."
Mike's cock swelled. Allison dropped her head in his crotch and started sucking. Her face bobbed up on down on his dick and her tongue licked the underside of his shaft. He reached forward and stroked her clit while her fingers pistoned in and out of her pussy.
A rustle of leaves announced a newcomer. Allison looked over her shoulder and saw the older guy from the beach. He was staying away, only watching. She smiled at him and turned her attention back to Mike. She pushed his chest into the ground and climbed on top. She was so wet he slid in easily. She started to grind her hips up and down, massaging his cock with her pussy. Mike grabbed her hips and rocked her body in time with his. There was no time to moan as an explosion built in her body. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the man move to see her from the front. She stared right at him. Her rhythm picked up and she felt Mike buck underneath her. Keeping her eyes on the stranger, she felt the coming orgasm course through her body. Stars exploded in her head and her body. She collapsed on Mike's chest.
Later that night, they had more incredible sex. Allison laid quietly with Mike afterwards, her head on his chest.
"Did you have a good time at the beach?" she teased.
Mike took a moment.
"Yeah. But tell me about tomorrow. Are we still going to do the library?"
Allison laughed quietly. Tomorrow was certainly going to be interesting.