"You're going to Perth?"
I repeated my aunt's last sentence to her as we stood on opposite ends to each other on the kitchen counter, eating ice cream. My aunt has caught me as I was heading up to my bedroom after coming back from a late-night session at the gym, giving me a cup of ice cream and sharing the news that my uncle was now back in Australia.
"Yes!" Aunt London seemed very excited about meeting her husband again. From what I understood, it'd been almost a whole half-year since he'd been back in the country.
I still wasn't sure what it was he did for a living though. Not that it bothered me.
"I'll be flying up to meet him tomorrow morning, so you and Rosie will be on your own for the whole week," she said.
I froze, not sure if I liked what she'd just said.
"Sorry, how long did you say you'll be gone?" I asked.
"Probably until Friday!" she chirped.
I nodded, slowly processing my aunt's words.
Footsteps were heard from the staircase, but I knew before looking up that I'd see my cousin Rosie wearing an oversized white t-shirt, long enough to cast suspicion as to whether or not she was wearing bottoms underneath.
"Hey cuz," she greeted me with a smile as she passed me.
"Rosie, I've just told Jay the news," aunt London told her daughter, handing her a cup of ice cream too. "So the two of you will need to look after each other, okay?"
"No problem mom, we got this," Rosie replied, looking over at me and winking.
"Right, Jay?"
My mind replayed the incestuous handjob that Rosie had just given me yesterday afternoon. The image of my cum splattered on her exposed belly was still fresh in my mind.
I began to get tingly feelings in my pants.
On the outside, I just smiled and nodded.
Rosie picked up her cup of ice cream and headed back to her room, but not before stopping beside me to lean into my ear and whisper:
"Don't even think about jerking off tonight."
And with an unsettling smile, she bounced back up the stairs.
Aunt London was talking again, but I couldn't remember a single thing of what she said for the rest of the night.
My pants had become even tighter.
The next day was a Monday, and Aunt London said her goodbyes to Rosie and I as we left to catch our morning classes. Under the pretext of first grabbing a cup of coffee, I managed to avoid heading to the university together with Rosie. Things were still awkward between us ever since our little incident on Saturday afternoon. Rosie had returned from her date in a sour mode, so I had all the more reason to avoid her.
The next day was a Sunday, and I'd kept my distance by sleeping in till noon, going out on my own for lunch and a movie, before spending the evening at the gym and returning home at night, when I ran into Rosie again over ice cream.
Even so, I wasn't sure how I was going to deal with Rosie over the coming week. I was so distracted during class that I barely understood any of the questions the professor asked.
"Is everything okay?"
As class ended and everyone began packing up to head off, my classmate Kelly suddenly spoke to me. We'd been sitting beside each other regularly for this class, and had become acquaintances. Friends, though? Probably not. We didn't chat, only save seats for each other.
"Do I not seem okay?" I asked, smiling to show that I was taking her question well.
"You seemed a bit distracted," she said. She looked concerned.
I waved it off with my hand.
"Nah, don't worry about it. Thanks for asking, but I'll be fine."
I waved goodbye and headed off first, my mind still somewhere else.
I spent the whole day in school and purposefully stayed on until it was late. By the time I got home that night, it was almost 11pm.
"You're home late," a voice spoke up as I gently locked the front door behind me. I mentally sighed as I turned to see Rosie sitting by the kitchen counter, eating a slice of mango with a spoon.
"Were you waiting for me?" I asked, removing my shoes (we're an Asian household) and coming over to join her at the counter. She shook her head, scoping up more mango.
"Just a coincidence," she said before eating another mouthful of sweet fruit.
I began to make my way upstairs and had just stepped onto the first landing when Rosie called out to me.
"Wait. Let's talk."
I turned.
"Talk about?"
Rosie grinned. I wasn't sure if it was a friendly gesture.
"About how you get turned on by your cousin."
I sighed, outwardly this time, and got off the steps to rejoin Rosie at the counter, standing beside her this time.
"What do you mean?" I asked, digging for more information to build my defense.
"I mean that I'm not sure how I feel living alone with an older guy cousin who has an incest fetish."
I groaned. "Okay, that's taking it too far. I wasn't turned on by you because you're my cousin, it was 'cos of your body."
"Your COUSIN'S body!" Rosie reminded me.
"Oh for crying out loud, it could've been anyone's body and I still would've been turned on!" I said, getting exasperated. "That's just how the male mind works!"
Rosie raised an eyebrow at me.
"Whatever the case," she said, putting her mango down and turning to face me fully. "I'm still living with a man that could potentially force himself on me, and that's the truth of it."
"So, what do you want to do then?" I asked, now getting concerned. I couldn't reject that her previous statement was very true, and despite everything that had happened between us, I still cared for Rosie like a little sister, and wouldn't want to make her uncomfortable, much less in her own home.
Rosie began rubbing her chin thoughtfully.
"I want... some sort of compromise."
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Well, having you around the house puts me in a vulnerable state. If that's the case, then I want you to be... in a vulnerable state too."
I wasn't sure where she was going with this.
"What, you wanna buy a weapon?" I asked.
"Dude, what. No."
"Okay you're gonna need to be direct with me," I said, getting more and more confused by the second. "What are you proposing that I do?"
Rosie smirked before stating her ultimatum:
"I want you to be naked."
I narrowed my eyes at Rosie's proposal. It had me befuddled.
"Me... Naked?" I repeated dumbly.
Rosie nodded.
"Why??" I asked.
Rosie made an exasperated sort of breath. "Dude, it's like... being vulnerable, y'know. I want us to be both in the same vulnerable state as each other."
"And you think that means I have to be naked?"
"It's a start!"
I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
"Rosie, be realistic here. I'm not going to do anything to you that will hurt you! You can trust me!"
"Can I?" she retorted, putting on a hurt face that I just knew was bullshit. "Two days ago you came on my stomach!"
"You were jerking me off!"
"Because you got hard! For your COUSIN!"
I was at a loss of what to say or do. To be honest, the prospect of being naked around Rosie was... extremely sexy. I already knew that I was a bottom, and to have an attractive girl sexually controlling me was a dream-come-true... but Rosie was my cousin. This couldn't have been right.
"Rosie, we're cousins, it's not right," I said, trying to appeal to her moral judgement.
"I think I already said that you've thrown your moral compass out the window when you got HARD FOR YOUR COUSIN." She stretched the last few words to emphasis a point.
"OK OK OK," I said, finally relenting. I sighed.
"Does that mean you'll do it?" She asked.
With no better option in mind, I numbly nodded my head.
"But only when it's just you and me at home!" I quickly said, holding up my finger to push my point across. "If someone comes over I'm at least putting on pants."
"I can live with that," Rosie said.
With that being said, I knew what had to be done next.
Without saying anything, I let my haversack slide to the floor, and pulled off my T-shirt, putting it on the kitchen counter. I undid my belt and unbuttoned my jeans.
I looked up at Rosie as if expecting her to change her mind.
She didn't.
"Go on," she said, watching me closely.
And so I slid my jeans now.
I could practically feel Rosie's eyes burning into my naked body as I folded and gathered up my clothes. I wasn't worried about my physique since I kept myself fit regularly, but being completely naked in front of my cousin was getting my tool excited.
"You look good," Rosie said casually.
I looked back at her, wearing a grey crop top which exposed her midriff, with those black shorts with white-lining that I loved so much.
You look good too, I thought to myself.
"I know," was what I said out loud.
And with that, I turned and went straight up to my room.
As I dropped my bag and clothes onto the floor, I contemplated putting on a pair of shorts while Rosie wasn't here.
What's the point, I thought to myself. It's a hassle to remove my clothes if I go out again, and I've always wanted to try sleeping naked anyway.
I looked down at my dick and saw that it was now roughly 50% erect, and slowly deflating. Not bad, I thought to myself. At least I hadn't been rocking a full-on boner downstairs.
I flopped onto my bed and grabbed my phone, opening up an app to browse dank memes.
Not a minute later, my room door opened and Rosie stepped in.
"Sup," she said.
"Ever heard of knocking?" I asked.
"Why? In case I catch you naked?" She grinned cheekily. "Or jacking off?"
I groaned. "What do you want?" I asked.
She came over and sat down on the bed beside me. I could feel the blood rushing to my groin.
"No reason, just thought we'd hang. I mean, just because we have this..." she waved her hand over my naked body. "...arrangement going on, doesn't mean we can't do normal cousin stuff y'know."
"Like what?" I asked.
Rosie fell into silent thought for a few moments before shrugging.
"You got me," she said.
I rolled my eyes and stood up, opening my cupboard doors.
"Where you going?" Rose asked from behind me.
"Shower," I said. I also needed to deal with my rapidly-growing penis.
As I turned to leave the room however, Rosie grabbed my towel.
"Haaaaaang on," she said.
"Whaaaaaat," I drawled, mimicking her.
"You're going in there to jerk off, aren't you?" She asked, smiling slyly.
"I'm going to shower," I repeated, tugging my towel out of her fingers. "Among other things. None of your business, though."
I'd only taken a few more steps before Rosie spoke up again.
"I could help you out, y'know?"
I paused and turned around, curious as to the meaning behind her words.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"I mean," she said. "That I'm gonna let you jerk off in front of me."
I narrowed my eyes at her proposition.
"And why would I want to do that?" I asked.
"Because I know guys like you like it when girls watch you cum," Rosie replied, her eyes glinting mischievously. "You like it when we watch you having your most pleasurable, sexy, vulnerable moment..."
I turned my body fully to face her.
"You really think that's true?" I asked.
"If it isn't," Rosie replied, her eyes glancing downwards. "Why are you hard?"
I didn't need to look to know that I was now sporting a raging boner. Honestly, the prospect of Rosie watching me as I jacked off was intoxicating. I wanted it so bad.
"Y'know what," I said, throwing my towel and clean clothes to the side.
"I might as well, since I was gonna jerk it in the shower anyway."
"Knew it," Rosie chuckled.
I pulled my computer chair over and sat down before taking my hard cock in my left hand and started to stroke. I lightly cupped my balls with my right hand to prevent them from bouncing the whole time I was jerking.
"Do you need lube?" Rosie asked.
"Nah," I said. "I usually do this with soap in the shower."
"Fuck that's nasty," Rosie laughed. But then she got up from my bed and walked over to me.
"Gimme your hand," she said. I let go of my cock and gave her my open palm, which she gathered spit and drooled out onto.
"You can use this," she said, smiling. She sat back down on the bed, facing me as I lathered her saliva all over my hard cock.
I continued jerking, now aided by Rosie's saliva. It felt better than I imagined.
"Feel good, huh?" Rosie asked, watching me intently. I just nodded, my mind elsewhere.
As I jerked, I kept my eyes locked onto Rosie's body. My gaze hungrily devoured every inch of her curves that could be seen, from her supple breasts underneath her tank top, to her creamy thighs crossed over one another, as though guarding a forbidden treasure in between them.
"Like what you see?" I heard Rosie ask. I dumbly nodded a second time.
"Then you'll love this," Rosie said, before lifting her tank top up and packing the ends neatly above her breasts, hidden behind a white bra.
I almost moaned out loud at the sight of it all. Pre-cum was leaking out of my cock head and making a mess under me, but I was too horned up to care. The only thing I could think of was running my hands all over my cousin's gorgeous body, pulling on her nippes and burying my face between her thighs and pushing my cock down her throat and-
"Oh shit," I groaned, as my first rope of thick cum shot out of my cock, flew through the air, and splatter itself right across Rosie's feet in front of me.
"Oh fuck!" Rosie exclaimed, but she was laughing as she watched my cock throbbing while it released load after load of cum. I had stopped jerking, but instead was relishing the orgasm that was flooding my entire body. My toes were curling up and my mouth was open in erotic agony as dopamine filled my brain.
And just as quickly as it happened, it ended. I blinked and was suddenly back to my senses. Naked, mess all over the floor, and a very amused cousin with my cum on her feet.
"You better clean up," Rosie giggled.
I grabbed the tissue box on the table behind me, bent down and was about to wipe up my mess on the floor when Rosie suddenly stuck her foot in my face.
"Clean up!" She said, smiling.
I hesitated only for a moment before taking hold of her small foot with my right hand, wiping my cum off with my left.
"There, done." I let go of her foot.
"And I see that you are too," Rosie said, standing up. She patted my head as she stood over me.
"Good boy. I can tell we're going to have a lot of fun this week."
With that, she left my room.
And as I cleaned up the rest of my cum off the floor, I couldn't help but agree with her.