- See Me During Class -
Violet shut off her alarm and stretched under the covers. She didn't want to get out of bed, but she had to leave for class in less than an hour. She was so tempted to skip and stay warm in bed. Her boyfriend, Ryan, had already left, but his goodbye kiss had left her dreaming of sex. She usually woke up with a wet pussy, and this morning she was soaking. She could feel the wet spot she'd left on the sheets.
Grudgingly she got out of bed and showered, playing with her tits as she soaped her body. Her clit was aching and she wanted to rub it badly, but she'd need Ryan's permission if she wanted to cum. Permission Ryan wasn't available to give until he picked her up that afternoon. Driven by her need to be a good girl, Violet finished her shower and wrapped herself in a towel.
Exiting her bathroom the college student looked for the clothes her boyfriend had laid out for her. He had something special planned, but hadn't told her exactly what. All she knew was that she would need to be dressed exactly as he laid out for her, and that it would fulfill one of her exhibitionistic fantasies. As she thought about how naughty she'd be later that day, she squeezed her thighs together, and her mind raced with possibilities. Would they go for a walk in the woods and fuck in some secluded spot? Would he have her ride around in the car with him, getting more and more naked? Maybe he'd invited some of their kinky friends over for dinner?
She was surprised to find that he'd chosen a fairly conservative outfit for her to wear. One of her more conservative tops and a comfortable pair of jeans. Something she'd have normally worn to class, anyway. The lingerie he'd chosen was only slightly more exciting. It was one of her favorite sets, to be sure, but she thought of it as classy, and she had thought that slutty would the day's plan. The set was green with black lace, which went well with her red hair, but it was full coverage. It showed off her curves to great effect, and gave her fantastic cleavage, but it didn't do more than hint at anything else. She frequently wore less fabric at the beach.
As puzzled as she was, Violet still wore exactly what had been set out for her. She trusted her boyfriend, about sex and so many other things. Being obedient was it's own sort of thrill for her. She'd find out soon enough why Ryan didn't have her in crotchless panties and the sheerest of sun dresses. Maybe he'd have her change after class. In the parking lot of the college. Right next to where a lot of students would be walking by.
Time passed quickly through Trigonometry, as angles and circles had her thinking about spread legs and exposed nipples. Her next class was Sociology, and that promised to be even more interesting. They'd been talking about human sexuality, and Violet loved having the secret knowledge that she'd had far more real world experience than her innocent appearance would lead anyone to guess.
Violet took her place towards the back of the classroom, a little off the center aisle of the room. Setting out her textbook and notebook, she smiled at classmates as they entered. She didn't know any of them that well, but she was getting to know their names, and had enjoyed the projects they'd worked on together. A few had even been in other subjects with her. Jasmine was her only real friend in the class, and even then they'd only gone to lunch together a couple of times.
Professor Talmidge, an aging hippie who wore tie-dyed t-shirts and flipflops, entered and started talking almost immediately. He always walked in just barely on time, and never made much of an effort to make sure anyone was paying attention.
"Today we are continuing the series on human sexuality. There is a broad spectrum to sexual behavior, and while there are widely held beliefs on what is permissible, and what is taboo, there are still many people who pursue alternative lifestyles, some of which we've already discussed. A very important topic in regards to sexuality is consent. To that end we're going to be having a guest lecture on how consent relates to alternative sexual lifestyles, sometimes called kink. As with the rest of this course, and human sexuality in particular, I will remind you that if any subject we bring up is one you find distressing, or triggering, you may exit the class without judgment. Just see me during office hours about making accommodations for you. Also, I'd like to remind you that class discussions may end up covering personal matters, and that frank and honest discussion of how we, personally, relate to the subject of sociology is key to my teaching methods. You have all agreed to keep anything personal within these walls. If you are found gossiping about this class, you will get a failing grade, and face possible expulsion for ethics code violations. I think today's subject will quickly make it clear why I am giving you this reminder."
"With that out of the way, give a warm welcome to Ryan Latimer."
Violet's pen scratched across the page as she jerked her head up at the mention of her boyfriend's name. She looked to the doorway and saw that there was no coincidence. Her Ryan would be talking to her class about kink. Her kinky boyfriend would be talking about their kinky life in front of people she knew. Her pussy got wetter, even as her stomach flipped. Maybe he wouldn't let on that they knew each other. Maybe he wouldn't talk about his personal life at all, and give a more clinical presentation.
"Hi everyone, I'm Ryan, and I'm a kinky son-of-a-bitch."
So much for clinical. Violet struggled to catch her breath as her mind struggled with the situation. The flood of feeling between her legs made her want to grind her hips, but there were also butterflies that would be very upset by the movement. A rushing noise in her ears drowned out most of what Ryan was saying, until she managed to calm herself.
"... in short, I'm not a professional, but I've been involved with the kink lifestyle for many years, and consent is a subject I'm passionate about. Furthermore, I have something that I think will help keep the subject interesting, but I'll get to that in a moment."
"Consent is a widely misunderstood concept in our society. Most people hear the word and it brings to mind restriction, legalities, burdens, and violations. Many will think only of how it applies to sex, but there are so many more areas of life where consent is important.
"How many of you have just clicked past a wall of text when installing software or setting up your new phone? An End User License Agreement, EULA. Page after page of legalese telling you what you can and can't do, and how if the product burns down your house it's not their fault. Of course you click 'Yes, I agree' because you've already spent the money, you had to open the package to even read the EULA, and there's no returns on opened software. A legal agreement that probably, maybe, isn't binding because there's no real consent there."
"Consent must be informed, it must be freely given, and when it comes to sex it must enthusiastic and revokeable. So much of our society teaches us otherwise. Like a EULA, we're expected to agree to all sorts of things we don't understand, under great pressure, and told we can't take it back without being shamed. Our society sets us up to misunderstand consent in general, and consent in regards to sex in particular."
"To show that consent is not only beneficial, but also highly enjoyable, I've prepared a visual aide. But this lecture comes as a bit of surprise to her, so we're going to have a very interesting first lesson. My girlfriend and I engage in exhibitionistic sexual play as part of our relationship. She wears revealing outfits, or shows me what's underneath her clothes while we're in public. Sometimes we have sex in places we might get caught. She has given me permission to plan a surprise for her, but I don't think this is something she anticipated, so I'm going to ask for her to reaffirm her consent before we continue. If she says no, I have alternative plans, and no one should question her right to revoke her consent. Violet, take your time in answering, but would you like to help me demonstrate kink and consent for the class?"
Violet's head spun as she realized what had just been said. Ryan's kinky plans fort he day weren't happening after class, they had already started. Warmth grew between her legs as she thought about how her whole class now knows that she flashes her boyfriend in public, and has sex in strange places. Her legs trembled, and she wasn't sure she'd be able to stand.
"Yes." The word comes out as barely more than a squeak, but the whole class turns to look at her.
"That doesn't sound very enthusiastic. I'll ask again, princess. Will you enthusiastically consent to being a visual aid about kink."
Taking a deep breath, and standing on uncertain legs, Violet spoke, "Yes, I will. I want you to show them what a slut I am for you, sir."
The room gave a collective gasp at the word slut, and there wer a few nervous laughs, but things quieted down.
"Excellent. See how sexy consent can be? Come up to the front and let's begin."
Violet felt her cheeks flush as she walked to the front of the class. She could feel eyes running all over her, and wondered what they're thinking. Were they already thinking of her as a slut? Or perhaps picturing her naked?
"Now that I have affirmed her consent, I can do all of the things that Violet and I talked about before hand. I can grope her breasts, smack her on the ass, and even start to undress her right here in front of you." Ryan demonstrated each of these as he mentioned them, even undoing the top button of her blouse. "We've talked in detail about what she enjoys, and why, and we've built up trust that we will look out for each other, and she knows that I intend what I do to be in her best interest. I am the dominant, or dom, in the relationship, and she is submissive to me, my sub. The roles we take aren't hard and fast, and in each relationship dom and sub will be defined differently."
"Such consent is vulnerable. We voluntarily give up control to our partner. Even as a dom my consent to my sub leaves me vulnerable in some ways, because we are equals who agree to an unbalanced power dynamic as part of sexual play. The consent we give, and the power we exchange exposes us to be hurt by our partners, but in a healthy relationship that intimacy is thrilling." Violet felt Ryan's fingers caress her shoulders, "Princess, why don't you demonstrate that thrill with a visual metaphor? Take off your clothes and show the class the lingerie I chose for you."
"Yes, sir. Thank you for choosing one of my favorite sets to show off today." Violet's voice trembled as she started to undo the rest of the buttons on her blouse. She shivered as she took off her top and laid it on the professor's desk next to her. "Should I remove my pants, too?" She could feel her face flush at the question.
"Yes, show them how how willing you are to be shown off."
"Yes, sir." Violet took off her shoes, undid the button of her pants, lowered the zipper of her fly, and completely surprised herself by turning around and shaking her hips as she lowered her jeans revealing her ass. She made quite a display of standing up, letting the audience see her how her butt looks standing, before stepping out of her pants and turning around, standing before her class in nothing but her undergarments.
"Good girl." Violet beamed at her boyfriend's praise, "As you can see being a sub doesn't mean mindless obedience. Violet is still free to choose to remove her clothes in any way she feels, or she could refuse the order. It might seem counter-intuitive that a sub can refuse an order, but there can be many valid reasons to do so. She might have changed her mind about where she wants her limits to be, and that's okay. If she decides right now that she wants to get dressed, I will respect that. Violet tends to be a very obedient sub, so I would know it's probably serious if she refuses something."
Violet beamed at the praise her boyfriend was giving her, the burst of confidence making her bold enough to glance around the room trying to gauge her classmates' reaction. Some eyes were on Ryan, but most were on her, and some of the men were practically drooling. Jasmine smiled and brushed her hair back over her ear as their eyes met. Violet returned the smile and let out a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding.
"Other subs like to be defiant as part of the role play, though. 'Bratty' subs will resist orders, usually with the assumption that their dom will give them a 'punishment' that is actually an act they mutually enjoy. 'Bratty' subs may enjoy being punished by certain sexual acts, being spanked, exposed, made to do household chores, or any number of things. This is all part of the roles, and is still done with consent, pre-planned and discussed."
"Violet, why don't we show the class what being a brat looks like. Give us your best impression of a bratty sub for my next request. Violet, please remove your bra and show the class your tits?"
Violet cocked her hips to the side and put a smirk on her face, "They've seen enough already. You're the one who wants to show me off, why don't you come over here and take the bra off yourself."
"If Violet were being a brat for more than just illustration, I might just go over there and force the bra off her. Being careful to not do any real harm, of course. Instead, I want her to help me show that there are many ways to be 'bratty'. Violet, take off your bra and show your tits, now."
Violet put on a pouting face, and crossed her arms under her breasts, pushing her cleavage into full view. "But I dun wanna! It's cold in here, and they'll see my nipples get hard." As she complained she bounced, making her breasts jiggle in a very hypnotic way. Every eye in the audience was glued to her display.
"There are many different ways to be a sub, and many different ways to be a dom. Playing with power dynamics can be done for a variety of reasons, and help a couple explore their relationship in new, and often beneficial ways."
"Violet likes to be a sub because it's a chance to not make decisions, to not have to be in control. She's a very capable woman, who is smart, accomplished and there's no question that she can take care of herself. When Violet is under my control, she feels more relaxed. She focuses completely on being a good girl for me, and because of that she stops thinking, for a time, about all her other responsibilities."
"This requires a great amount of trust, and I'm honored to have earned that trust. More than just submitting to my words, Violet and I like to engage in rope play. I tie up Violet in elaborate knots, restricting her movement, and usually engage in sexual acts while she is restrained."
Violet couldn't help but think of their last rope session. She'd been tied and stretched across Ryan's lap as he watched TV. His glass of bourbon was set on her back, making her a human table with warnings of punishment should there be a spill. She had thought the task was a chance to relax and enjoy their closeness, until Ryan started idly playing with her pussy and it was all she could do to keep still enough to keep the glass upright.
"While I give more of my talk, I'll be tying up Violet and showing you how intricate and lovely the knots can be." Ryan pulled a shiny gray rope out of his bag; it almost looked to be made of silver. As he ran the rope between her breasts to begin the first part of her bondage, Violet's skin buzzed with pleasure and her breath grew short. She always got extremely turned on during rope play, and she had never been that aroused in front of a large group of people before. These people weren't kinky friends, they were near strangers who knew her name and would be seeing her regularly in the future.
She felt every eye on her as Ryan started to tie ropes around her breasts, and secure her arms behind her back. She felt warmth and tingling feelings intensifying between her legs, and her heartbeat was so loud in her ears that she lost track of what Ryan was saying. Only snippets of the rest of the talk came through as he tied knots, and her movement was restricted more and more.
"Consent can seem like it's a restriction, a burden that makes sex less enjoyable, but like these ropes it serves a purpose. It can be used to heighten pleasure. We choose to be bound by it to make something beautiful."
Violet was so turned on she was getting light headed, and she had the urge to reach down and rub herself through her panties. She couldn't do something that blatantly sexual, could she? The thought sent a shiver through her body, and she squeezed her thighs together, trying to get some stimulation without being obvious.
Violet felt Ryan's hand cup her breast and then grope her in a blatantly sexual display. "How are you doing, Princess? Feeling good?"
Violet let out a moan. "Yes, sir. So good."
"Are any of the ropes too tight?"
"No, sir."
Violet's arms were now pulled behind her back, knots circled her breast, and there were a couple of lines of rope going between her legs, rubbing against her crotch with each breath she took. The pulse in her ears had lessened, but she was now completely focused on sex. Her mind couldn't follow the lecture Ryan was giving, and her awareness of the world revolved solely around her desire for pleasure, and her desire to be shown off as her boyfriend's slut.
Her hips wiggled, trying to get the ropes across her panties to move so they directly stimulated her clit, and while the movement didn't move the ropes like she wanted, it did draw a lot of eyes. Violet's curves did wonderful things when the wiggled, and every movement exuded sex. As she looked around the room Violet could see the lust in every eye.
Tying the last knot, Ryan pulled back on Violet's arms, bringing the ropes across her pussy tight and causing her back to arch. She let out a moan at the sudden surge of pleasure, both because of the pressure between her legs, but also at the control Ryan had over her. One of her classmates let out a low "Fuuuuuuck", at the erotic display being put on.
"My partner is now fully tied, and while she still has use of her legs, this amount of binding is enough to make her feel under my complete control. You can see she's now very turned on, and not thinking about any of her usual cares. Violet, how do you feel?"
"I want you so bad Ryan. I feel all tingly, and I'm really needy sir."
"I know you are, princess. I know just the thing."
Ryan pulled a cordless 'magic wand' style vibrator out of his bag. "This, for the sake of propriety, is a massager. It vibrates, and is good at relaxing sore muscles." Ryan turned on the device and ran its vibrating head across Violet's shoulders, making her sigh in anticipation of where she hoped the magic wand would end up. Ryan next touched the wand to Violet's breasts, making her nipples harden to the point they were visible through her bra.
"Please, sir." Violet begged. In response Ryan ran the wand down her stomach to just below her belly button, and held it there. "Please." Violet's voice grew husky. Ryan moved the wand another inch lower. "I need it sir."
"What do you need, princess?"
"I need it on my pussy, sir. I need it now."
"Don't you care that all these people are watching?"
"I don't care. I want them to see me grind my pussy on it."
"Why do you want them to see?"
"Because I'm your slut. Please sir, make me your slut. Put it on my pussy."
"Good girl." Ryan moved the head of the wand between Violet's legs, using his other arm to hold the ropes and support her. He didn't have to press the wand down, Violet immediately pressed herself against it and started grinding her hips.
"Yes! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." Violet moaned as the vibrations buzzed against her clit.
Ryan said something about consent, and that it somehow related to the bliss she was now feeling, but Violet couldn't follow. She was only thinking about what was going on between her legs, and the room of people in front of her. She no longer cared about what the might think of her tomorrow, all she cared about was right now, and right now she wanted them to see her being a slut. She looked around the room, seeing who was watching, and enjoying the lust she saw. Some looked away, others smiled, her friend Jasmine bit her lip and stared back with an intensity that caused Violet's legs to shake.
Violet held Jasmine's gaze until the vibrations on her clit pushed her over the edge and she screamed in pleasure. "Oh, gawwwwwd! Yesssssss!" Wordless moans continued until a small "Ryan!" came out as her legs gave way and she slowly sank to her knees. Ryan helped control her fall, holding her rope harness and letting the vibrator off her clit as he helped her down.
"As you can see, Violet enjoys this quite a bit. Be a good girl and spread your legs, show them how much you enjoy this."
Violet nodded and spread her legs, revealing a large wet spot on her panties. She felt so proud of her display as the class craned their necks and some even stood to get a view between her legs.
"And that's not the end. One orgasm isn't enough for a slut like Violet. Do you want another, princess?"
"Yes, please, sir. Make me cum again. I need it."
Ryan not only put the massager back between Violet's legs, he worked the handle into the ropes so that it would hold there, hands free, buzzing on Violet's clit indefinitely. As the pleasure throbbed through Violet's pussy, her eyes rolled back and she moaned again, struggling to maintain focus.
From her kneeling position Violet could see under the desks and tell that some of the men were hard. She thought one man in sweatpants must not be wearing any underwear, the outline of his large cock was so clear. Elsewhere she spied that one of Jasmine's hands was between her legs, and Violet could tell from the motion that her friend was rubbing her clit. As she continued to look around the room, she spied a couple, James and Nicole she recalled, sitting very close to each other in the last row, and motion under the table caught her eye. James's cock and balls were completely out of his pants, with his cock being stroked by Nicole. His hand was under her skirt and moving at the same pace as the hand job he was receiving. Violet watched their mutual masturbation for a while before looking above the table, catching Nicole's eye, and lewdly licking her lips. James had his eyes closed as his head rolled back.
"Pushing limits like this requires trust. A sub can easily feel abandoned or hurt if they're pushed beyond what they can take. Pleasure can easily become pain, and being comfortably bound can become trapped if the sub no longer feels like their dom is caring for them. Physical injury can even occur; the human body has limits and a sub relies on her dom to be able to stop before crossing lines they've agreed upon. A dom should never go past what has been agreed upon beforehand, no matter how much a sub seems to be enjoying things in the moment."
Violet moaned again from on her knees.
"Violet and I are still in familiar territory. She can have several more smaller orgasms like this before she starts to feel overly sensitive and can't take any more vibration. I know this in large part because we walk about our sessions both before and after. Communication is an essential part of any relationship in general, kink in particular. Communication is also essential to consent, you can't be informed partners without it. How are you doing, Violet?"
"I feel so good Ryan. May I suck your cock, sir?"
"Not right now, princess."
"But I want to so bad. It would be so slutty to suck your cock."
"Yes, it would, and you're such a good girl to want to show everyone that, but we're already pushing the limits of what we can get away with on campus."
"Okaaaaaay" Violet said, the disappointment clear in her voice.
"I think I have another idea that you will like, though."
"Please, sir." Violet shifted in place, as the vibrator continued to demand her attention.
"I think now is a good time to allow some audience participation. Give the class a chance to consent, or decline, exercising what we've learned today. Who would like to help?" Hands shot up all around the room. "Such eager students. Violet, how about you choose whom you'd like to help."
Violet looked around the room, she had almost the entire class to choose from, but near the back she saw that Jasmine had her hand confidently up. "Sir, can Jasmine come up and help us?"
"Jasmine, come forward, if you will."
The young woman stood up from the back of the room, and stood next to Violet with a smile. "Ready and willing, Mister Ryan, sir." Jasmine's use of the honorific did not escape Violet's notice, and she took a deep breath as she almost came from the thought.
"Just Ryan, please. The sir can wait until I've earned it from you," Ryan spoke with a smile in his voice. "Jasmine, I would like you to join Violet and I in our play. Does that sound interesting to you?"
"I think I'd like that a lot."
"Good, I'll give you a rough outline of what you might expect, and then you can decide if you still want to go along. You can consent to, or decline, the whole offer, or negotiate points until you feel comfortable, and you may back out at any point, no shame or hard feelings."
"Just like you've been talking about, I understand."
"Excellent. Violet and I have talked about having a third join us, and while this will only be a limited experience, I'm sure she'll enjoy it, and I hope you will, too. Violet and I have talked about such arrangements, and I know she's very enthusiastic about being with women. Aren't you Violet?"
"Fuck yes! Ask if she wants to kiss me, sir!"
"I will Violet. This would not be the right time to bring up this subject for the first time. Violet is in a very vulnerable state, and it would be rude, to say the least, to bring up major new issues. She's in a compromised position, and might feel pressured to make a choice she's not ready for. However, based on our previous conversations, I know that Violet will have no problem with the amount of contact that we can get up to under the limitations we are in on campus." Ryan looked at Jasmine and addressed her, "Jasmine, I'd like you to have some fun with Violet. You may kiss her, touch her gently anywhere you like, ask permission for rougher touch, and control the 'massager'. Does that sound good to you?"
"That sounds really good, but what about you, Ryan? Can I touch you, too?," Jasmine asked.
"If you want, though the idea is to focus on Violet. Speaking of focus, I think this might work better with Violet in a more accessible position." Ryan, with a little help from Jasmine, helped Violet off the floor, and seated her up on the desk, putting her at the perfect height for Jasmine to kiss, something the two women wasted no time in doing.
Jasmine's hands started to roam Violet's body, stroking her shoulders, and squeezing her breasts.
"As you can see, consent has done nothing to dampen the mood."
Jasmine's hand slid along Violet's thighs, massaging in circles, closer and closer to the massager, until her fingers reached underneath and started rubbing Violet's pussy through her panties.
"Oh fuck, Jasmine. That feels so good."
Jasmine turned to face the class. "She's so wet, she's soaked through her panties even more."
"God, yes!" Violet shuddered under her friend's touch.
Jasmine continued to rub Violet, as she reached out and grabbed Ryan's collar with her free hand. Pulling him into a kiss, she gently pushed her tongue past his lips, and their tongues danced.
Cutting the kiss short, Ryan spoke to the class as his hand worked his way under Violet's bra and started to play with her nipple. "I think Violet is very close to another orgasm."
"Yes, yes, yes.... Don't stop." Violet's toes were curling and her whole body shook.
"That's my good little girl. It must feel so good to have Jasmine's fingers between your legs. Give into the pleasure. I want you to cum for us. Show Jasmine how good you are at cumming."
"Fuck! Yes. Oh, Jasmine, you feel so, gooooooood!" Violet's thighs squeezed hard on Jasmine's hand, and she leaned hard against Ryan. The bound woman moaned and made happy noises for nearly a full minute before her thighs released Jasmine's hand.
"That was so hot," Jasmine said as she turned the vibrator off.
"Thank you Jasmine, you can take your seat again, now."
"Thank you, Ryan." Jasmine gave Ryan a kiss on his cheek before returning to her seat.
"Violet has just had a very powerful orgasm. She's also has been teased, and put on display for nearly an hour now. She's still bound and in a very vulnerable position. She looks blissful and happy, but I'm going to check on her because she's also looking a little limp. Princess, what's your safeword?"
"Mary had a little lamb." Violet almost sang the words.
"Good girl. I'm checking to make sure she can remember her safeword and speak it if she needs to. If she were slow to respond, couldn't answer, or otherwise seemed impaired, I would know I needed to untie her and give her immediate aftercare. But she seems to still be able to think and talk. Princess, do you need to use your safeword?"
"No, I'm good. God it felt so good to cum like that."
"You'd like to cum even more, wouldn't you?"
"Fuck yes! My pussy needs more. Will you turn the vibe back on, please? You said I was a good girl."
"Violet gets very needy when she's horny. At her most submissive, we call it being in sub-space. She starts to think almost exclusively of sex, and would say yes to almost anything if it meant more pleasure. This is a very vulnerable time for her, and it's very important that I remain aware of that."
Ryan caressed Violet's hair, "Violet, would you like to be shown to your class again this weekend, somewhere you can do even more?"
"Mmm, fuck yes. Especially if Jasmine cums."
"Would you like them to see you naked?"
"I want them to see me naked now."
"We can't, not on campus, princess. But if we did a special session, off-campus, we could really go wild. How do you feel about being handed around for everyone to grope?"
Violet arched her back let out a moan, "Fuck yes. Let them do whatever they want to me. My pussy needs to be filled."
"Even that extreme an idea gets a positive response. It's possible she'd go through with it in this state, potentially leaving her with deep regret afterwards. She can speak clearly, and sounds enthusiastic, but she's no more capable of consent than someone who is drunk or high. Sorry if I got anyone excited, but we cannot accept this yes."
"But I'm so wet and needy, sir. I'm a slut, and I should be fucked like one."
"I know baby. I'll make sure you get what you need, just wait a little longer. For right now our time in class is up. Thank you for your attention, class. Violet now needs some aftercare. Love and support, a water bottle, and a chance to rest while being reassured that everything is okay. Professor Talmidge, if you'd see your class out and turn out the lights when you leave?"
The class took a little while to pack up their things, and more than one of the men walked out with their notebooks held over their crotch.
Ryan pulled a blanket from his bag and spread it on the floor. Helping Violet to the blanket, he began to untie her. As Professor Talmidge turned out the lights and closed the door, Ryan held Violet close and whispered in her ear, "You were such a good girl. I'm so proud of you."
== End Session One ==