Nancy and I climbed in their big bed and she fell asleep in short order. My mind kept spinning with thoughts about the weekend so far; plus worrying about tonight. I must have finally dozed off; the next thing I knew there was a hand stroking my pussy. "Time to get moving, Erin." Don woke me up in fine fashion. Nancy pulled the sheet off, drug me to the bathroom, and shoved me in the shower.
Standing under the shower I was humming the song for tonight and remembered some words that went with the tune. I half remembered a few of the lyrics; something like "In the mood, my heart was skipping. It didn't take me long to say I'm in the mood." There was more in my head, "In the mood for all his kissing. In the mood, his crazy loving." I couldn't remember any more but I knew there was more.
I dried off and almost ran to the living room. "Has anybody ever sung during the strip show?" Nancy and Don looked at me like I was a little wacky. "I guess you could." Nancy said. "But there's no way to dance holding a microphone and REALLY no way to use a body mic when you're naked. What the hell do you have in mind, Erin?" I told her that wouldn't be a problem and headed to the computer and looked up "In The Mood Lyrics".
I found several versions from Glen Miller, more from Bette Midler and printed them out. I explained that besides dance lessons, I'd had years of voice training too. I did popular songs, Broadway, and opera. I did a couple of voice warm-ups and belted out a few lines of the song. To say the least, they were impressed. Nancy looked over the lyrics. "Some of these are a little racy." She read out loud. "You got to do some dancin' to get in the mood" "You were only hungry for some musical food, now you're positively, absolutely in the mood" "My heart is full of rhythm and I'm in the mood" "It's up to you, I'll take you gladly"
"They'd all be pretty hot if you were just singing dressed up circa World War II. Dancing naked on stage, you're gona' blow their fucking minds, Erin!" NAKED! I'd almost forgotten that I was naked and was going to be dancing and singing naked. I almost fainted but I had to do this. Nancy and I headed back to the computer and put together a couple of verses and choruses. We did two quick run throughs of the dance with the singing. This was going to be super hot.
Nancy did a quick trim on my pubes, changed into her outfit (a poodle skirt and sweater); we were off. I asked Nancy about what kind of dance she and Judy were doing. She described their dance as a gang fight with knives. "The knives are rigged. The points are blunt and the blades are butter knife dull except for the very bottom of the blade. When Judy tries to 'stab' me in the hip, the knife blade slips in and cuts the button off my skirt. The skirt falls off. Then Judy attacks my panties cutting the sides. I do the same to Judy until both we're naked except for shoes."
Nancy just finished her description when we pulled up behind the bar. I suddenly remembered part of the story of Yvonne's 4th of July adventure. I grabbed Nancy arm. "You are NOT going to leave me out here naked!" Nancy laughed and promised not to abandon me. Don parked and went to check the back door. It was locked so Don called the owner on his cell phone. While we were waiting Charlie and Judy pulled in. As they were getting out of their truck the back door opened.
We walked in the back door; two men, two girls in 1950's costumes and me naked. Dinner was underway; everything stopped when we walked in and people noticed the naked woman, me. The guys found a table while we got in line for food; down home smoked ribs Yvonne ate long ago. The line parted to let the naked woman in. I blushed at some of the comments, but I was also flattered. As we sat down to eat, Don laid a napkin down on my chair for me to sit on; what a gentleman.
After we ate, the girls took me to the bathroom to clean up and check makeup. We'd just sat back down when the show started. I won't try to describe the other dancers. They were OK but nothing like Nancy and Judy. They had music from a gang fight in West Side Story. The girls entered from different sides of the stage, spotted each other, and circled. They pulled theie knives and attacked. The knives flashed and the buttons disappeared from the sweaters. Judy and Nancy pulled the sweaters off each other and threw them off stage. Nancy grabbed Judy from behind, cut Judy's bra off, and grabbed her tiny tits.
Judy twisted free and cut the button off Nancy's skirt. She grabbed for it and Judy cut her bra off leaving both in just their panties, saddle shoes and bobby socks. Another flash of the knives and the panties were on the floor in shreds. They wrestled, doing bits from their earlier dance routine, Nancy spinning Judy around her body. The ending was spectacular! Their last pose was the one Yvonne wrote about. Nancy spun Judy around until she was upside down with them facing each other's pussies. Judy tugged on Nancy's pubes then slid down, coming to a stop sitting between Nancy's feet. The crowd loved it!
Now it was MY turn. I made my way to the wings while Bob, the owner, introduced me. "Ladies and gentlemen, you've been enjoying her naked beauty all evening. Now you can enjoy that, along with what I've been told, is some great dancing and a little surprise she has for us. Please welcome to the stage the lovely Miss Erin." I stepped out onto the stage and came to a sudden realization. The stage was about three feet high, putting my pussy above the eye level of the audience. They were about to see EVERYTHING that I had.
The music began and I started to dance, almost on autopilot. My first high kick brought a gasp from the audience. While I was dancing I noticed the curtain was only on one side of the stage. This gave me an idea for a couple of moves. I moved stage left (the side without a curtain) and did another high kick and let my foot catch high up the wall. I did a deep back bend and a back walkover to a split on the floor (my old gymnastics classes).
That brought a big cheer from the house! As I got up with a nice spin the music had progressed and I started singing. That brought big reaction from the audience. As I sang I moved to stage right (the side with the curtain). I pulled the curtain part around myself leaving one tit and one arm exposed to the audience. Won't say what my other hand was doing, but you can guess. I sang, "My heart is full of rhythm and I'm in the mood" And I really was.
Now the end, or actually the ends, of the song were coming up. I spun out of the curtain; my fingers were very wet. I felt my juices running down my legs. I kept singing what Nancy called the racy lyrics. As the first false ending came I bent over, legs spread with my ass toward the crowd. They loved it!
The music started again and I went back into my dance with a hand spring. Now I'd forgotten my planned dance moves and was making it up as I went along and I was HOT! I sang a little while the next false ending continued and went into my pose a little lower, spreading my pussy even farther open. Again the crowd loved it.
Finally the last ending began. I rolled onto my back and did a kip-up to my feet and spun around to face the audience. I did a series of very high kicks and started singing, "You got to do some dancin' to get in the mood, now I'm positively, absolutely in the mood. My heart is full of rhythm; I'll take you gladly now I'm in the mood." I turned my back to the house, bent over touching the floor, and slowly slid my feet apart until I was in almost full splits as the song finally finished.
The crowd jumped to their feet and went wild, a standing ovation. I did a forward roll and a spin to face the audience and took a big bow shaking my tits. I looked up and got my biggest surprise of the weekend; my husband Adam in the front row. I almost jumped off the stage into his arms. "What the hell are you doing here? How long have you been here? I need to fuck!"
"I'll answer your questions later." Adam told me. "Let's find a place to fuck first." I led him to the back of the bar, toward the women's bathrooms. "I can't go in there." Adam said. "You'll get me arrested!" I called him a coward and a fool and drug him to the men's room and opened the door. We really surprised the guy in there taking a leak.
"We're gonna' fuck here." I told him. "You can leave, or stay and watch." He stood there with his mouth and pants hanging open but didn't move; we had an audience. I dropped to my knees and opened Adam's pants. His dick was already nice and hard so I got busy sucking. Slurping around the head, I gently squeezed his balls. Adam started breathing heavily, signaling he was ready to come. "Not yet, dear. I told you, I need to fuck."
I hopped up on the counter and wrapped my legs around Adam, pulling him into my cunt. He slid into me with a single thrust. The bathroom door opened and two more guys walked in. The spotted Adam and me fucking away on the sink and stopped dead in their tracks. "Come on in." I told them. "The show is in here now." I was so hot that I came twice while Adam was pumping me. I started screaming and told the guys to close the door before somebody called the police.
Adam kept slamming my pussy until I came one more time with another scream. When he finally filled me, I jumped off the sink bending over to lick him clean enjoying the taste I learned to love this weekend. My audience applauded again. I stood up, took a bow, and shook my tits. Suddenly the bathroom door flew open. Don stuck his head in and said I was needed on stage for the judging.
I ran down the hall and felt Adam's load dripping down my leg; too late to stop now. The other girls were lining up on the stage. Nancy and Judy were still wearing just their shoes but the others were dressed. I jumped up onto the stage and got in line just as Bob started the judging. Like before, he held his hand over each girl's head and the audience applauded. Everybody got a very niece response. I thought the applause for Nancy and Judy was the loudest. Then Bob got to me. Everybody in the bar jumped to their feet. They clapped, stomped their feet, whistled, and god only knows what.
I was the winner; standing there buck naked, hot and flushed from my last orgasm, with Adam's juice running down my legs. A very strange thought occurred to me. Of all the people in this room only three of them Adam, Charlie, and Judy had ever seen me with clothes on. This really blew my mind! Bob put a cheap crown on my head and a "HOT STUFF" sash over my shoulder. (Yvonne here: This was the same the sash and crown I won when I danced naked. I still have them and like to wear both with high heels to surprise my husband.)
Charlie repeated the act he did with Yvonne, hoisting me up on his shoulder and carrying me around while I waved to the crowd. He spun me around and threw me over his shoulder "like a sack of potatoes" in Yvonne's words. We headed out the back door to the parking lot. I got into the car with Adam. He explained a few things about the weekend.
"When Paul invited us the Vanessa's birthday party he suggested the outfit I wore to the fundraiser. I asked Paul about leaving me there as a hostess gift for the whole weekend. It was Paul's idea to strip you totally naked. A few days before the party Paul found out that he and Sue would have to leave Saturday afternoon. Paul and Charlie hatched the plot of leaving you with Nancy and Don." Things like my handcuffed naked mile were made up as it went along. The naked dance was penciled in and Nancy agreed to push me in that direction.
I asked Adam what the plans were tonight. "Are we heading home? Did you bring some clothes for me?" Adam answered no to both questions. He told me we were going back to Nancy and Don's for a little party. He had the key to Sue and Paul's lake house for tonight. He'd already talked to my boss and I had Monday off. Then he told me he wanted me to stay naked for a little longer.
The thought of staying naked and having no choice in the matter hit me like a ton of bricks. My eyes glazed over and my hand fell to my crotch. My fingers, on their own, started working on my clit. Adam pulled the car over and stopped. "Turn around and face me! Keep working you pussy! Look at me!" Adam ordered.
I followed his directions. "I don't know how you could do this to me; stripping me naked and giving me away as a sex toy. I've been humiliated. I've peed on myself. I've danced naked in front of a room full of strangers. I've had the time of my life! I can't thank you enough." The last sentence was a whisper followed by a scream as I came. My wonderful husband pulled me over to him and kissed me. "There's still more tonight. Let's get over to Nancy and Don's. People are waiting for us. They'll think we go lost."
Everybody was waiting for us on the porch, drinks in hand. They all applauded when I stepped out of the car wearing my crown and sash. Nancy and Judy had gotten dressed leaving me the only one naked again. The girls took my hands and led me into the house. They took the sash and crown and had me kneel on a coffee table. They all sat down around me and Judy told me to masturbate. "Put on the show you couldn't do on stage." She told me.
"I wish Sue, and especially Paul, could be here. I owe them, especially Paul, so much. Paul spanked and fucked me that night after that fundraiser. While he fucked my pussy he had Adam; thank you so much, Adam; he had Adam fuck my ass. Goddamn, did that feel great! Then Paul stripped me as naked as I am now. He tied my hands behind me and fucked my mouth." While I was talking my left hand was stroking my tits and pinching my nipples. My right hand stroked my pussy with two fingers plunging into my vagina. The last of Adam's load was running down my legs.
I was so turned on, kneeling her naked masturbating in front of five fully clothed people! "What a hell of a weekend this has been. I've been naked for more than two days now. I've fucked, sucked, water skied, danced, and hiked all naked. I think I've had more orgasms this weekend then I had all last year." Just before I came one more time I asked. "What more do you have planned for me?"
"We talked about this while we were waiting for you, Erin. Judy had one suggestion and Charlie had another." I shivered with excitement as Judy and Nancy stripped. "We're going to do a little show for the guys. Adam, you're really going to enjoy this; a daisy chain." The girls grabbed me and we formed a triangle on the floor. I was facing Judy's bald pussy with Nancy's face in my snatch and Judy's mouth on Nancy's red bush.
The guys pushed Adam into the middle of the triangle and told him to enjoy the show. He squatted down to get a better view of the action and we girls got busy. Nancy started chewing on my outer lips and ran her tongue up my slit. She started working on my clit when I remembered I had a job to do also. I started chewing on Judy's outer lips. I snaked my tongue between her lips. I tickled her clit a little and slid deep into her hole. DAMN did she taste sweet tonight!
Judy must have been doing a great job on Nancy's snatch. Her tongue slowed down on my clit. I could feel her breath getting slower and deeper. She finally stopped her licking completely and started to orgasm. She buried her face in my pussy and I heard and felt her muffled scream. When she calmed down Nancy went back to work on me and I did the same on Judy. I tried to match what Nancy was doing to me with what I did to Judy. Nancy stuck her tongue into me; I stuck mine into Judy. Nancy nibbled on my clit; I nibbled Judy's. I must have done a better job as Judy came before I did.
The girls broke the daisy chain and both attacked me. Nancy licked my twat and Judy chewed my tits and neck; that really gets me going. Nancy was an expert cunt licker. She slid two fingers into me and stroked my g-spot while she licked the underside my clit. After a minute or two of this Nancy shifted positions. She swung around to a 69 position but pulled my legs up until my ass was in the air with her sitting on my face. She worked my vagina with two and three fingers and stroked my clit with her thumb.
"Get her ass ready, Judy." Nancy directed. Judy started licking my ass with LOTS of spit. Nancy kept working my pussy with her thumb and tongue. Judy moved away from my dripping ass; I couldn't see her, of course. Next I felt her spreading something cold on my ass and pussy; lube. Judy smeared it deep into me. Nancy drove it deep in my pussy, adding two more fingers spreading me super wide and lubing that hole. Judy kept working my ass with her fingers while Nancy finished me off with her tongue.
"I think you're ready for you last treat, Erin." Nancy said as she got off my face and dropped my legs. I looked around and all three guys were naked. "You have three holes and we have three cocks for you here tonight." Charlie lay down on the floor. Judy led me over, sat me down, and guided Charlie's mega-dick into me. I felt something behind me, my wonderful husband Adam. Judy slid his dick up and down my crack and finally into my tight ass.
It felt like I was about to burst, sure I couldn't take any more. Then Don stepped in front of me and said, "Open up, Erin. I get the last hole." I opened my mouth and he jammed his cock all the way down my throat. It felt like I was about to explode. All three of the guys pumped me like there was no tomorrow. I had at least three orgasms before the men finished filling every one of my holes.
Don and Adam pulled out of me allowing me to collapse onto to Charlie. The girls hoisted me up and almost carried me to the shower dripping from everywhere. They held me under the running water washing off all the mess. Nancy washed my hair while Judy cleaned up my ass and pussy. She spent a lot more time than she needed "cleaning" my clit. I guess she thought it wasn't clean enough so she stared using her tongue. One more big orgasm for me!
The girls dried me off and got dressed; leaving me naked, of course. Back in the living room the men were dressed and sharing drinks. "Are you ready to go, Erin?" Adam asked. I looked around and Judy had my toothbrush, my only luggage. I hugged Nancy and Judy and kissed Don and Charlie. I gave Charlie's crotch a big squeeze. "I really enjoyed that tool of yours. Be careful not to hurt anybody with it." Charlie laughed and grabbed my pussy one last time.
Adam and I went to our car and drove to Sue's cabin. When we arrived Adam grabbed a small suitcase out of the trunk. I pointed to the suitcase. "Did you really not bring me any clothes?" He laughed and pinched my nipple. "No, dear, I like having you naked. We'll spend the day here tomorrow and head home after dark. You arrived here naked and you're leaving here naked."
And that's exactly what happened. We spent the day fucking around, literally, and got home late Monday heading straight to bed. I opened my drawer full of pajamas and slammed it shut deciding I'd probably never wear PJ's again. And that's exactly what happened; I've given up on pajamas and panties, most of the time. Vanessa's birthday party and the weekend that followed have changed my life. I was a quiet homebody with very little sexual experience. Now I love to fuck, suck, and eat pussy!!
*****
Yvonne here: I can testify to what Erin said above. While writing this story I visited Erin and Adam's house several times. I never saw Erin there anything but naked. She came over to our house a few times wearing nothing but a long coat and shoes. She insisted on eating me out and giving Bill a blow job before we got to work.
On another note, this may be my almost last story. I'm pregnant again and life is getting too busy for many adventures. We'll still get together with Sue and Paul and Vanessa and Jerry, but I doubt there'll be anything worth writing up. I have agreed to help Adam with a fantasy story of revenge, but I don't think there will be anything else.
I've really enjoyed writing for you and the small amount of feedback I've gotten. To all you readers: support the writers here and give them the feedback that keeps them writing!