Summary: Perhaps it's the ultimate sexual gift a woman could give to her husband... Hayley gives Steven the keys to the kingdom, a pill that makes her comply with whatever fantasies he is willing to attempt, and at the same time, show that she trusts his judgment completely, because she won't remember a thing afterwards.
This the 3rdand final Chapter. Maybe.
Pill Three:
Over a month passed since the trip to Gatlinburg with no mention of the final pill. Their sex life had been much more frequent and satisfying. Steven enjoyed hinting at things that "may have happened," but he otherwise he had opted to share a variety of adult "stories" he'd gathered online. She liked the ones that were well written, but even the others were okay. It was just the "idea" different strokes that authors wrote about, and she was certain people actually did some of those things as well.
Still, there were a lot of things "out there" they had never done or would never do - bondage rooms, domination as a lifestyle, orgies, seductions of strangers, sex with friends... All of it was exciting in its way, especially as they reality tested all of them. "Can you imagine?" "Would you ever want..." "Do people actually dothat?" No matter. And, of course, there was much they might. There were a few simple romance stories out there as well. They didn't have to make time for sex each evening. Instead, they ditched Netflix and their cell phones after dinner and focused on their sex lives.
Hayley's head was nestled on Steven's chest, rising slightly with each of his breaths. She could hear the rhythm of his heart slowly return to normal. "Steven, last night, it was hard sex. Tonight, was making love. Intimate. Which was your favorite?"
Steven considered a few moments. "I think you know the answer to that. I like having my cock inside you on any occasion. But last night, we revisited your college fuck with those three guys. That's not intimate. When I was fucking you, I was thinking... 'I can't believe my own wife actually did that. And she's telling me about it. And she enjoyed it so much.' The stories we've been reading, they don't compare to that. So, for me, it's like I'm there, fucking this hot girl who came to be fucked by me and a couple other guys. And I like hearing the noises you make when I'm fucking you hard."
"And tonight?"
"Tonight, was all about sensitive touch, appreciating you for the person you are, watching the emotions on your face with each stroke, loving and appreciating you."
"You don't think that it's a function of the position?"
"What do you mean?" asked Steven.
"Well, the missionary position involves kissing and seeing each other close face to face. It's usually very intimate." Hayley smiled at him.
"I don't know. With that story in mind, missionary is just one of a number of ways I want to fuck you hard."
"Okay, well, when I'm on top, that's more about me teasing you. Sure, I like the control it gives me because I set the pace, but it's still more intimate because I get to watch your reactions."
"Right, playful."
"Mostly, yes. From behind...That's different. You can move more easily, so you thrust harder, and I can bend to meet you at whatever angle feels best. It's aggressive... animalistic... and I like it. But there's an anonymity to it. With my face buried in the pillow, you could be anybody."
"So, you're imagining other guys?"
"No, don't be silly."
"I'm not so sure. How about when you play with your vibrator? You usually end up in that same position, or at least lying flat on your stomach. Who are you thinking about? Those guys from college?"
"Well, that's different. But I'm not always fantasizing about something. It's usually just the physical stimulation I'm after."
"Yes," Steven said, "But you said 'usually." How about the other times?"
"Steven, I'm not even thinking about their faces or who they were. It's more about how it made me feel."
"See, it is them, then!"
"Well, I guess. It's easier than making something up," she said. "But again, I'm not thinking about them specifically. It's more about, well, how it made me feel, self-confidence really. It's not just about being touched the way you touch me or the rougher handling by someone who doesn't care for me the way you do. Imagine there were three girls who wanted you at the same time. How would that affect you? And, come on, I've told you this before. One guy doesn't feel like another. And they weren't there to enjoy my company. It was just young lust and body parts everywhere. See? It's making you hard again. Don't be surprised that it has that effect on me."
"It does on me, for sure. Anyone else then, other than them and your boyfriends?"
"That I'd fantasize about? Nothing serious, like someone in a TV show or movie. But maybe it's some odd moment during the day, seeing someone who looks a certain way."
"Like who? Anyone recently?"
"No. I don't know, maybe it's a good-looking guy at the store who never looks my way, or maybe sometimes he does. Maybe it's different for a woman. It's not whether a guy looks at me or not. Guys look all the time. And that's kind of the point. I pay attention because if they don't look, it means maybe I've lost something. I don't think it's different with other women. We're raised to attract guys. So, it could be wherever. At a restaurant, on the street... maybe it's at a pool and I catch a guy looking at me and he has a hard-on."
"Usually at pools, the water has the opposite effect," he said.
She could tell it clicked with Steven.
"Hey, the only pool you've been to lately was at my boss' house. Who was it?"
"You don't need me to answer that, silly."
"Tim. You fantasize about Tim."
Hayley smiled. "Sure," she said, "maybe some. And don't tell me you don't fantasize about some of the women there."
"I'm asking the questions here. And I take it that this happened, so what, may I ask, caused him to get a hard-on, one that you obviously noticed?"
"Well, it's probably my fault he...had his problem." Hayley knew the question was coming.
"And why's that?"
"Because, dear, I dove into the pool. You remember that you didn't just tell me it was fine to wear a bikini. You insisted. I'll point out that none of the other women did. So, it's your fault really."
"What, your bikini came loose?"
"Pretty much the top came off, and he was standing on the pool deck watching when I came up from the dive. I acted as if I didn't notice that he, or anyone else, saw anything, but he saw a good bit, I think. He was adjusting himself the rest of the afternoon. He needs a girlfriend, I think."
"So that's why he's been asking about you all the time! He can't get a dirty thought about my wife out of his head!"
She could see the wheels turning in his head.
"And neither, apparently, can you! Why is that?"
"I didn't mean to make you jealous..."
"I'm not jealous! Now answer the question."
"He was just... you know."
"Hayley..."
"Big, okay? He looked like he was big. It's hard to tell with baggy swim trunks. Intentional or not, I haven't flashed someone before. It kind of turned me on that he reacted that way. Forgive a girl for noticing."
Their relationship was a bit off the following week, partly due to Steven putting in long hours at work and being tired when he was at home. So, it was somewhat of a surprise when Steven called that Friday at 3:30 with instructions, partially including the enticing announcement to take her pill at 5:30 and the more practical news that her parents would pick up their daughter beforehand. And to shave and shower.
It hadn't left much time. Preparing the "go" back for her parents took time, never mind the usual pleasantries they expected during a visit. She took the pill on time, but it left only an hour to get things prepared as Steven had requested.
And she was off to the toy box, that stash of adult toys they pulled out from time to time. There really weren't that many toys, all things considered, and they would probably enjoy more as much use as they had been getting lately.
She grabbed what she needed and hurried to the dining room. She moved the chairs away from the table and placed them along the wall. Then she went to the linen closet and found some blankets, which she placed on the table for padding. She found a cheap table cloth and put it by the table, just in case he was thinking of fun with food. That kind of made sense, with the dining table being involved. Although he had told her exactly what he wanted, he hadn't said "why." Still, she liked the way it was shaping up, though she didn't yet see why a pill would be needed.
She went to the office area, inserted some card stock into the printer, and typed quickly. This was going to have to be fast. He had said to write instructions for all the toys and to be as graphic as possible. He didn't say they needed table tents so she could have just written sticky-notes, but it was the dining room. It needed table tents. He also had mentioned that her erogenous zones were to be considered toys also, and she had no problem writing instructions for those either, as short or as blunt as they may be. She wished he had given her more time.
She arranged everything on top of the chest where they stored platters and other dishware. Vibrators, love paint, handcuffs, camera (charged), ice bucket with ice and tongs... She shuddered at that. Blindfold, ear muffs, a feather, a ball gag, and bondage straps. And the Polaroid camera. Steven had found that recently on sale. In the digital world, she didn't know why he bothered. She placed the tent cards in front of each item, smiling at the thoughts she had captured for each. The ones for her body parts she placed on the table.
That done, she let her hair loose and did a quick wardrobe change, putting on her cupless bustier, stockings and the garters that connected the two, all black. It was his favorite "play outfit" because, absent panties, which he hadn't mentioned, it covered her midriff only, a bit tightly, and left all her fun parts exposed. Shoes weren't going to be practical to wear, but they completed the look, so she placed those on the chest also and ran to the computer as she had an idea for a sign for those as well.
And then she assumed the position...
It was only five or so minutes later when she knew that Steven was home - the garage door opening and shutting and the door from the garage being shut. Maybe he would have been surprised that she knew that, but the ear muffs were her little secret. Some time ago, after having tried ear plugs or the muffs used for gun ranges, she found that they all hurt her ears. An internet search led her to a safety supply store which sold an industrial version which cut out the low noises and high noises, but allowed the decibel range where normal conversation takes place to pass. The result was that even though she truly was wearing hearing protection, she could clearly hear Steven talk to himself, talk to her boobs, grunt or whatever other noise he might make. It was kind of fun, and he didn't really need to know.
She didn't hear anything else, though, until she heard a number ofclicksfrom an iPhone, perhaps, the sounds suggesting that he was hurriedly admiring her from all sides. Obviously, he was taking pictures.
"Glad I checked the dog... his dish was out of water." Umm, okay. Why was Steven in the kitchen?
"Oh... No." That was Steven again, roughly at the doorway to the dining room! Yeah, like he was surprised. She kept her face straight. Acting a scene, was he?
"You said for me to go on in. So, the light was on in here. I went in and...there she was. Ready for you, I guess?" It was Tim's voice?!
"I don't get it. She knew I had invited you to dinner, and there's not even anything cooking. She must have marked the wrong day on the calendar," Steven said. She heard him again from farther away, "Yep, she had it marked for next Friday."
Yeah right!Steven had told her specifically to write Tim on the calendar for the following Friday, which she had found exciting! But this!
This meant the instructions that she had so descriptively typed out were for Tim. She didn't regret what she wrote, but oh, my...! Tim was being played... and so was she! She never expected this of Steven, but she couldn't deny that she hoped for it a little. More than a little. Why else return to her college fling so regularly? She was getting ahead of herself... she had to play this cool, and no doubt her nipples were already giving her away. She was in the dark, after all. For now, at least.
"Aww, man... Your wife looks awesome! Does she do this all the time? Or, I don't know, just Fridays?"
She noted that he hadn't made apologies or excuses to leave the room. Her heart was racing, and she hoped her skin wasn't flushing! Staying cool was going to be very hard.
"Eh, sometimes," Steven said, "though nothing like this. She calls it 'Gumby Game Night.' I find a Gumby in the garage, usually in the morning to give me something to look forward to all day. You know what a Gumby is - the little stick guy you can bend and shape? She leaves it on the doormat or my dash, and it just means that she's ready to pose. I usually find her in the bedroom or den, naked with, well, the...blindfold, ear muffs, and a camera nearby. But not the rest of this! I...uhhh...I wonder if there was a Gumby I didn't see." Steven paused, apparently gathering his thoughts.
Gumby Game Night? He's playing you Tim! There's no such thing!
"Umm." Steven's voice tailed off. What was he thinking? Surely not regrets, though he was taking a work risk.
"Look, Tim, I..."
"I'm looking! I'm looking!" Tim responded. It almost made Hayley laugh.
"Shh!" Steven insisted. "Those ear muffs probably work pretty well based on what they cost. But keep it down anyway. She can't know you were here."
"I'm sorry. I can't help it. I'm about to have a heart attack. She's gorgeous. We all agree on that. But, wow, sexy as all get out, too!"
"We? You mean the office? You can't mention this, Tim. To anyone. Got it?"
"Sure, no one would believe me anyway. They were talking about her after just seeing her in a bikini, never mindthis. Um, sorry. I shouldn't have said that. She'samazingthough!"
"Look, I really think you should go. We can try again next week."
No, Steven, no!thought Hayley.
"Please tell me you're kidding. I mean, I've already seen her, and I just want to look at her more. I won't tell anyone. Can I read the little signs? I can't get over this. I didn't know women did this kind of thing. This is like, out of some great porno movie that no one has been creative enough to make!"
Hayley smiled inwardly to herself. She felt like a spider watching her prey moving closer to the web, even though she couldn't see a thing. She was turned on, and the thought of Tim seeing her practically nude... well, the bustier didn't actually cover anything. And it was more than just being nude, or even naked...
Per Steven's instructions, she was on all fours on the dining table. Her sex faced the door where they had entered, her legs spread apart, and she gathered the clicks she heard earlier must have been from Tim skirting around the dining table to capture the view before Steven entered. It added to her excitement that he would want a secret memento. This was delicious! A man that she knew was staring at her...exposed! Shelikedthat. And her husband wanted it! Oh, she needed to be touched! The possum act was wearing thin.
"The signs? What? I haven't seen those before." Steven said.
Good boy. Encourage him to stay, not to leave!
"Yeah. Here's one by the handcuffs! 'Use these to fasten my hands behind my back. Don't let me loose after you spurt in my mouth. Make me swallow your spunk and lick you clean without using my hands.' Unfrigginbelievable, man! A woman like Hayleydoesthat?"
"Shh," Steven reminded him. "Not too loud."
"And this. Polaroids? 'Take as many as you want, and keep them in your drawer at work for when you're bored. Imagine how horny it'll make me if you tell me they went missing.' I just... I mean... does that turn her on, someone seeing her naked?"
It did right now, Hayley thought.
"Yes, it does, actually, I think it's a Vegas kind of fantasy. It stays there. I need to take her there sometime," said Steven.
"She even has a note for her shoes. 'Not only do they make my legs look great, they make it easier for you to fuck me from behind. You will, won't you?' Steven, she's like the centerfold ofPlayboyor something. Does she know we're here?"
"She can probably tell I'm here, with the vibrations from walking around. But she would only be expecting me by now, anyway. Also, this is the Gumby game - she doesn't move until I move her."
Tim continued excitedly as he read through the cards. "Tickle me. I'm bound to love it."The feather."Color me in or write on me. Tell me what a good fuck I am."The markers."Watch my lips closely as you work these in and out. See how wet I get?"The vibrators.That it was Tim reading these made her wet."Steven, she's like a sex demon or something. Drive me crazy with the cold for my nipples and cunt. Use the tongs!"The ice bucket. When you just want to hear me moan, or when you think I might complain."The gag.Gee fellas, maybe you should use one of them?!
"Oh, I didn't see these on the table. 'Imagine you invited a bunch of buddies over and they all want a turn. Maybe you don't want me to resist?'"The bondage straps.If that didn't get his mind thinking...
"Steven... she, uh, really? Just wow."
He read another. "Breasts. Suck on them. Slide your cock through them. Pinch the nipples. Cum on them and I'll rub it in.' Wow, that... that's something I'd like to see. And finally, what about this one? 'Cunt. Wants cum. And its picture taken afterward.' Steven, I... Um... You've got to be the luckiest man alive. And maybe I'm the second luckiest. I know this is unexpected, and awkward, really awkward. And we work together and friendship only goes so far, but I'll risk it all... Can I touch her?"
There was a long pause.Yes, of course you can, Tim. Steven's only trying to think of a sly way to say that, okay?
"I mean, as long as it's only one of us touching her, she'll never know. Right?"
Right! Even though you're wrong. Steven?
"And you've already let me see, well, all of her, so..."
Good way to press, Tim!
"Of all the nights for her to pull this... But yeah, you're right. That could be kind of fun for me too. I can make up a story that someone else was here. She'll know I'm lying, but I won't be."
"It's okay for me touch her then? I won't tell anyone. I promise!"
"Well, she won't know. But you have to let me take some pictures for my own pleasure. And hopefully she'll never find the pictures I'm going to take."
"So, I can?"
"Yes, but, take it slow. If you jump right to the good stuff, she'll know it's not me."
Hayley didn't know what Tim would choose, but she was excited for it. She was surprised, and mildly disappointed, when she felt the chill of an ice cube touch her nipples. She took an audible breath. No acting there. But although blindfolded and deaf... Not!... she could still speak.
"Good, you're here at last. I hope this pleases you and you're in no rush. But I've been waiting to taste your cock. We haven't had sex in days, so you should have lots of cum for me."
She felt the ice at her cunt, the cold and then the pain. She winced. "Good idea. I'm so hot for you down there. I hope you took one of those pills to keep you hard for hours... I'm built to last tonight. And besides, I took my special pill, so you know I'll do anything you want. I won't remember any of this anyway except what you tell me."
"Crud, that's a good idea. I need to get that. Cialis. I'll... If I have your discretion, I'll bring one for you too, if you like."
"Wait, you mean I get to...?" Tim asked.
"Fuck Hayley? It's weird to actually say that, but, yes, I think so. It's something we've fantasized about long enough," Steven replied. "It's time."
"I can't believe this," Tim said. "Hayley! You're going to let me fuck her! Yes, please. A pill couldn't hurt. I want this to last as long as it possibly can. What did she mean about a special pill?"
"It's something she picked up at a pharmaceutical convention. It makes her very horny, which explains all this I suppose, and she's, let's say, willing to do anything I tell her when she's on it. And it also makes her very, very forgetful when she wakes up. I'll be right back."
A few seconds later, the ice cube was removed, thankfully! Tim said, "I know you can't hear me, so it's not fair. But unless you object, I'm going to take some pictures real quick while he stepped away. You're my favorite fantasy. Heck, since I moved here, you're my only fantasy, because none of the other women my age compare to you."
She couldn't reply, could she? And besides, it turned her on that he would be masturbating thinking of her for years to come. Hopefully he wouldn't share the pictures with others.
Time to have fun.
"Let's see, who would you bring with you for a fuck fest? You're still here right? You're slow on touching me." She felt Tim's hand grasp her breast and fondle her nipple, then pinch them. Better.
"That feels good. More of that. Less ice. You know blindfolds make me think of that fantasy of mine, right? Like, you let a bunch of guys take me and I won't know who they were."
She felt his hands glide across her back and rear, then teasing at her sex.
"So, it could be like, your office, right? Well, your boss, definitely. I don't care for him, but I should be worth a promotion, right? Your co- worker. Alex, isn't it? He's got good shoulders. I doubt his wife would let him out on a Friday night though. Hey, there's that customer you introduced me to when he was in town. The one with the Australian accent. If you're giving me away, you might as well increase sales, and he wouldn't be around to mention it to our friends. Your college roommate. It might be awkward for you, but he doesn't know any of our friends, and, well, you told me how big he is. I'd like to try that."
"Oh, and of course, that young stud you hired a year ago. His eyes followed me all around your boss' pool party. He was cute in a way that a married woman shouldn't think about, so I thought I'd tease him just a bit andaccidentallylose my top when I dove into the pool. He had something he was trying hard to hide in those swim trunks, I know. So, you better take your pill, Steven. You've got a tall order to fill. Or rather a thick and a long one. Now let me feel your breath on my cunt."
She felt a soft warm exhalation. "My cunt has been running all day long planning this. You can do whatever you like to me, but I would like to feel your tongue on me now. Taste me."
Tim did for a few wonderful licks, but he stopped suddenly.
Steven returned. "It's okay, Tim. Go ahead. I heard her talking when I came back."
"Does she always talk so sexy?" Tim asked.
"No, but if you get tired of it, we can use the gag. She hates that. And I think she likes it, too."
Hayley settled on her elbows, enjoying Tim's tongue.
Tim said, "I think I might like tasting her from my finger then," and he inserted one inside her.
Hayley liked that he didn't ask permission. She cooed.
"I brought some water. Here's your pill."
"I've never taken one," said Tim. "I may have seen an ad. What does it do exactly?"
"For you, maybe nothing, for a guy just out of college. For a 30-year-old like me, I don'tneedit, but I don't have to recuperate nearly as much between rounds to keep pleasing her."
"Looking at her, I can't imagine needing it. But I'll try it."
"I heard what she was telling, well, me, I guess, about flashing you at the pool. Did that really happen?"
"Well, yes. I thought it was an accident, you know? She just came out of the water, and there were her tits. It was amazing. I mean, they're really amazing now, too, just hanging there. She didn't stay above the water long before she bent down to put her top back in place, not long enough, for sure! But, man. I can't believe I'm seeing them again!"
"Me either," Steven said, as he took several photos of Tim's finger in her cunt. "Hey, pay attention. Move your finger some more. Her hips are wiggling. Did anyone else see little display?" Steven asked.
"Her cunt is so... pink and wet and hot. Sorry, uh, yeah. It's been talked about. I'm one of the lucky few. Others are really jealous."
"Oh, God. Who?"
"Well, the boss? He didn't join in the banter except to say that he might have more pool parties next year. We all liked that idea. Anyway, Robbie's wife saw it, who thought it was funny until he complained too much that he hadn't seen it. And Joe and Frank. Oh, and Lester. I mean, the bikini suits her well, and, yeah, we all liked looking. And, she was wearing a bikini, so we figured she didn't mind?"
"But don't worry. They'll never say anything, but I thinkeveryonewill be watching closely when she dives in the future. She tastes amazing, Steven. I've never been able to touch or play with a woman like this before, while she's on display like this I mean. It's exciting to hear her breathing pick up."
Hayley could feel Tim build a rhythm with his fingers, also taking the time to curl against her g-spot. She'd never been on display before, but she likedeverythingabout this.
Tim asked, "Steven, why are you...?"
Steven laughed. "Letting you have fun with her? I've,we'venever done anything like this before, Tim. And she, of course, doesn't know. But I don't need to share everything about us with you. Trust me." Steven chuckled at himself. "She trusts me. So, trust me that this is the perfect situation. Hopefully it doesn't bother you that I'll watch and take more pictures. And besides, she probably won't remember anything."
"Nothing at all?"
"She's used the pill twice before, and no. Nothing. Still, she's in the here and now. She forgets when she goes to sleep. So, you can do anything you want. We just have to make sure it's only one of us at a time. If she does figure it out, then, I think that'll be fine, too. She's really sexed up by the pill, and it makes her agreeably compliant with whatever I tell her, too."
Hayley could feel Tim use his hands on her hips to signal that she should turn over. She was thankful for it as the padding only slowed down how long it took before her knees got sore. When she was on her back, she felt his hands guide her legs further apart, but she did one better and pulled them back, holding them with her hands, displaying her cunt. She wished she could see his face.
"I think she wants your tongue again," Steven said.
"I think she wants me to cum in my pants," Tim said in a half joking tone.
His tongue returned to her cunt, in much better form this time. It was her turn. "That feels so good. Give me slow, long licks, then go deep. I want to feel your tongue inside me." He followed her instructions to the letter. She moaned in response.
"Steven. In college. It was like this early that evening, when we had stripped. Two held my arms while the third licked me just like you are now. They all wanted a taste before they came in me, and you can imagine how ready I was to fuck them when they were done."
She moaned some more, as Tim continued with his tongue. She knew she just shared something that Tim shouldn't hear, but it was a picture Steven deserved.Click. Click.And, it seemed he thought so, too.
Steven was talking. "Okay, here's her favorite vibrator, set it on low, and..." She didn't hear the hum of the vibrator, but she felt it as it entered her. It was what she wanted, almost. Latex never satisfied like the real thing. She imagined both of them watching it spread her lips. "Yesssss..."
Then she heard Steven, "Pull it out just slightly... there. Leave it there. Let me take a picture. Macro settings can be fun sometimes."
"Are you kidding?" Tim asked. "What's wrong with video? You can take any frame you want!"
"You've got a point," Steven answered. "I'll do some of both."
"She has a beautiful cunt. And beautiful skin. She shaves it really, really well."
"It feels even better. You'll see, Tim," Steven said.
Hayley could hear his pride, as well as his eagerness to watch. "Nipples, please," she said.
"I'll do that," Tim said.
Steven said, "Have at it. I'll work the vibrator so you can concentrate. She likes circles with your tongue, and sucking, but be careful not to bite. She hates that."
Hayley felt a tongue at her nipple, then a hand on her breast, squeezing it and bringing her nipple more fully into his mouth. "More vibrator please."
"You know, Tim. Maybe she does talk too much. She's ours to enjoy, right?"
"You want me to...?"
There was a pause. Hayley couldn't fathom how they were communicating.
"Yes."
Hayley wasn't sure what the communication was, but Tim stopped playing with her breasts, and Steven stopped using the vibrator, leaving a disappointing emptiness. She could guess that one of them was getting the gag, but she liked having a voice in the matter, particularly when she had two cocks to look forward to. She was sharply surprised when the blanket she was lying on was pulled a bit so that her head hung off the edge of the table. Then, she felt a cock at her lips. Oh. She opened her mouth in response.
"Damn, you've got size working for you!" Steven said. "It's a good thing she's my wife already!"
Hayley was, well, not quite in heaven. Wrong orifice. But she was happy to feel a cock anywhere at this point. When Tim withdrew to rub it against her face, she said, "Oh, good, baby. You took the pill. I'm going to like this later!"
Left unspoken was that it was a thicker shaft it seemed, which was reinforced when she took him again in her mouth. And a different taste and smell, for that matter. The poor guy was leaking pre-cum already. She angled her head further off the table to try to take him more deeply, which was more successful than she'd ever managed before. He obliged by fucking her mouth, his length reaching her throat before she could object. She found a way to not struggle against it, and... this wasgood.
"Incredible. She's incredible," Tim uttered. "I could just cum watching her breasts bounce."
"Honestly, I'd like you to," said Steven.
She could feel Tim pick up the pace, his balls slapping against her nose with each stroke. He kept a good rhythm to it, and she realized it was the first time that her throat had been fucked. It wasn't comfortable, but it excited her nonetheless.
"Steven, if you want a video..." Tim said.
He was close, she could tell. She gave him as much tongue as she could manage on his next thrusts, and she tightened her grip on his shaft with her lips. "Oh, man!! Oh fuck, I'm going to cum. She's good!"
She felt him shoot in her throat, a strange sensation, and he kept cumming with each stroke. She wasn't in a position to swallow much with her head hanging backwards from the table, and it was a struggle to breathe through her nose. Her mouth filled, and she felt his cum escape her mouth and drain to her nose and cheeks. Tim withdrew fully, allowing her to get a good breath of air before he started shooting his cum on her face and neck. It was hot, and the heady scent of his spunk sent her mind reeling.
She could imagine him there, stroking himself, because she continued to feel drops land on her cheek. She lifted her head slightly to swallow better and clear her mouth. It was a lot of cum, delicious in its way, and she found she needed lots of air and more elevation to help clear her throat. She felt the blanket slide beneath her, pulling her head back onto the table. She probed at her lips with her tongue, smiling as she did so, aware that the show must go on. "Steven, you've never taken me like that before. I think I liked it!"
She felt Tim's cock again at her mouth, and she licked him clean as he moved it around her lips.
"Wow, that was a load. I can't believe, well, any of this. But that she swallowed so much of it," Tim said. "I never had a girlfriend do that."
Steven added, "I'm surprised, too. Really, I am. And thanks for the video suggestion. You did that better than I ever have, and look at her. She looks so slutty."
"I've only had a couple of girlfriends, but a blowjob was nothing like that, and certainly no mess on her face. When I get married someday, I hope my wife would be willing to wear a corset or bustier like that and let me, well, let me do all of this to her. Let's say I've had a crush on Hayley. I know that sounds wrong, but I'm not the only one. But I never would have imagined she would be anything like this. I mean, I always thought she was sexy as hell, but she's... married."
"Tim, it's not just girlfriends or party girls that enjoy sex."
"Yeah. I guess. Lesson learned," Tim said. "Is she, or was she, always like this?"
"Like what?" Steven asked.
"So... sexy. So kinky. So... willing to be like this, I guess. A sex toy? I hope I'm not offending you."
"Not at all. I'd be disappointed if you didn't appreciate her. But, let's just say that it requires a lot of communication to get what you want but also giving her what she wants. And this isn't an everyday kind of thing, regardless."
Hayley was happy for a few moments to rest. She enjoyed listening to them because it fed her libido and her confidence about what she had done and would yet do for them. There were more than a few seconds of silence, and she could feel them both just looking at her body. Her nipples stiffened at the thought. She reached between her legs with a hand, beginning circular motions, not for show, but from need while they made up their minds what they wanted to do next.
"Let me get her down from the table," Steven said.
She felt the blanket move and turn her body a good bit, then his hands helped guide her legs over the edge to stand.
"Before we do anything else, can I take some pictures of her? To keep? I know it's asking a lot," Tim said. "She's glorious."
"She is, which is why I enjoy taking pictures of her so much, in or out of her clothes. Let's get her in the heels first," he said.
She felt Steven's hand place one of hers on his shoulder as he used the other to guide her foot to her shoe, followed by the other.
"Strangely, keeping you a secret is a bigger moral dilemma for me than how I was thinking about the rest of the evening. This might ruin everything, but I don't think so, because she won't remember it. And like I said, she's all about sex right now."
Hayley felt him take the ear muffs off. It was a welcome relief from the pressure they put on her head. "Thank you," she said. "They get uncomfortable."
"Hayley, you've been an exceptionally good girl. You've done everything I wanted you to do. And I want to hear you say you'll do anything I want you to do."
"Of course, I will. You know the pill makes me do that, and I take the pill because I trust you."
"Good girl, because there's more I want you to do. I have a surprise for you..."
"Okay...," she said.
"I've brought someone with me."
"Really?" she asked, as if it was startling. "Really? Who?" she asked again, with a smile and enthusiasm.
"I'm not going to tell you. That's why we're keeping the blindfold on you."
"That's... kind offun. Is it someone I know?"
"Maybe a little. But you don't see him often. Hayley, I want you to fuck him. And I want to watch him fuck you. I want to know..."
"Yes. He should fuck me. I'll do anything either one of you wants," Hayley interrupted. "Steven, right now, I want sex. I'll do anything you want, and I'll enjoy doing it because it's what you want."
"Okay, in that spirit, I want him to take some pictures of you, to keep. How does that make you feel?"
"It... You invited him. I trust your judgment. I might be glad I'll forget about it though."
"It won't embarrass you if he doesn't keep his word and someone else sees them?"
"That's for you to worry about. I just want him toearnit," she said, meaning every word.
"Well, there we go then. I'm going to put the ear muffs back on you so he and I can talk without you knowing who he is."
"Okay, if you have to," she said, disappointed.
Once the muffs were back on her head, she heard Tim say, "Wow. I keep saying it. She's amazing. Steven, are you sure you're not taking advantage of her with this pill?"
"Don't even think of feeling guilty. She chose to take the pill. Iamtaking advantage of it, and this is apparently the last one. The other two were a lot of fun. But she let me know about them because she wants me to take advantage of her. Those are almost her words. She's free of inhibitions and she's incredibly compliant. Don't worry. And now, it's Gumby time. How do you want her to pose?"
"Um, every way possible. But I'd like to be in some, too, with me, like, standing behind her and holding her breasts, or kissing her neck, or, you know... touching her."
"That's fine, and we can take turns. I'd like some pictures of us like that, too."
"Steven, her clothes are great. The blindfold is great. But the muffs... if you want really good pictures, do you want those in them?"
"It'll be hard to be quiet," Steven said.
"No, let's be honest about it," Tim said. "You said she'd forget, but I'd rather be honest about it. I don't think she's going to mind it's me, given the flash at the pool."
Hayley was pleased to feel the muffs being removed again.
"Hi Hayley, it's me, Tim. Remember me?"
Hayley grinned. "That's a funny thing to ask, Tim." She reached forward to touch his body. He was shirtless and as her hands traced down, she found he wasn't wearing pants or underwear. She grasped his cock, which was hard. She couldn't help assessing his size and length.
"Huh. It's kind of sticky. I guess that was you in my mouth earlier? Tim, Steven. I'm happy it's you. I don't know what Steven has told you, but I'm in an extremely suggestive state. I'll do anything you want me to do, just like Steven. Anything. And it turns me on that it'll be you that has pictures of me. Now, what do you want me to do?"
"Will you come to my apartment and let me fuck you all night?" he asked.
"Yes."
"Well, wait," Steven said. "The pill doesn't last forever, and she's not just yours."
"I know. I was just testing, I suppose. I know you have neighbors around, but I'd like is to have her pretend she's arriving on the door step, dressed like she is now. Porch light on, that kind of thing. What do you think?"
"I think you have a sense of the theatric, but, yeah, that could be fun. Let's get her face cleaned up first."
They took seemingly hundreds of pictures, though thankfully not too many of her on the porch. She then had to display her wares, as if they were deciding to purchase her for the evening vs. some other lady. Standing, bending over, playing with her breasts, spreading her legs, spreading her lips even to show them what awaited them if they would only pay up. She enjoyed it all.
After that, they wanted many explicit photos, such as her masturbating, or her lips on their cocks, their fingers probing between her legs. It was an incredible turn-on. And theClick. Click. Click. of Steven's camera was an almost constant, both using it to take higher quality photos.
"This has to be a dream," Tim said. "Every guy dreams of being aPlayboyphotographer, and your wife, she's, like, really into it. And that makes it so much sexier. Unbelievable!"
"I'm just coming to understand how special she is," Steven said. "It helps to have other eyes to make that so clear. Weird, right?"
"I mean, how do you bring something like that up?"
Hayley inserted herself into their conversation. "Maybe you just start by asking. And, I'm done with the blindfold. It's not quite anonymous." She removed it and tossed it aside. "Steven. Go to the dining room and bring that blanket from the table. Tim, move the coffee table out of the way. We're going to need some room."
She wasn't asking, and they knew it.
"Spread the blanket out, Steven. And for goodness sakes, take off the rest of your clothes. I want you to lie down here when you're done. Tim, untie this thing I have on." It took him only moments to loosen and remove her bustier. "Good, you figured that out pretty quick. Now go get me a cup of water. I'll make it worth your while."
After taking a few sips, Steven was ready on the blanket. "Okay, Steven. I'm going to be a little cruel, but it's what happens when there's more than one guy in the room. I can't tell you your cock is the biggest because you know it's not true." She got down on all fours climbing towards him, straddling him but not forward enough that he could suck her breasts or insert himself between her legs.
"You're going to lie there and watch. Tim?"
"Yes?"
"Fuck me."
She felt a hand on her hips and the tip of his cock teasing her wetness. "Should I be wearing a condom?"
"No. Fuck me," she said.
"You heard the lady," Steven said. "I don't think we even have any."
"Okay. She's wearing her wedding ring. Is that cool?"
Steven answered. "Yeah. It is. Remember you're fucking my wife. Fuck her so well she remembers it in the morning!"
She felt the tip of cock part her opening. From that brief touch he went straight to what felt like balls deep. She cried out a bit. Too far!
"Careful there. I don't know if she can take all of you. Take it slow at first."
"Please invite me over for dinner again, Steven."
She laughed. She couldn't help it. She felt him ease his cock out and back in slowly a couple of times, measuring her, perhaps. About that, she was curious, too. And probably Steven. "How long is it?" she asked, looking Steven in his eyes.
"A girlfriend had one of those sewing tape measures. She said I was just under eight inches."
She purred at Steven then said, teasingly. "He's going to fuck me in places you've never touched... I want him to, but you can stop it."
"I didn't realize how much jealousy could turn me on. Tim, don't be so careful. Fuck her!"
She felt Tim's cock swell, if possible, and he pushed into her with his full length and held it for a moment. She sensed his satisfaction, and he began fucking her furiously.
Her teasing was over. She knew it was important to appeal to both of them, but the words just came as he pounded into her again and again, his balls slapping her audibly. "So... big. So... long..." She bucked her hips against each stroke, fighting for every bit of his length, her breasts grazing Steven's cock and stomach as they rocked back and forth.
She was breathing heavily, each stroke igniting her spaces within. She held Steven's eyes. He too was open-mouthed, a look of both wonder and lust on his face watching her. "Pinch my nipples - hold them still." He understood. The force Tim was delivering to her caused a painful joy in her nipples as they tried to sway with her movements. Steven mirrored her own excitement in his face.
Tim, though, was starting to tire, panting from the exercise. "No, no, no, Tim! Don't stop now!"
Maybe it was the blow job earlier, maybe it was the pill he'd taken, but she had expected him to blow by now. He was panting from the exertion. "Fuck, yeah, you feel so good!"
"Come on, Tim. Harder. I want to feel your hot cum!"
He managed to thrust harder, after all. She could tell he was finally getting close, but there was a little hitch to it as if... "No!" Her orgasm was building, and she needed him to... "Don't pull out! Cum inside me, Tim! Fill my cunt!" she screamed. And in a couple strokes, he began, shooting wave after wave that resonated with her own orgasm. She moaned and sank into Steven's abdomen as Tim emptied himself into her.
"You're amazing!" Steven and Tim said together, and they both laughed.
Hayley took a few moments to recover, before straightening up. "Thatwasamazing," she agreed. "And, Steven. It'syourturn."
"Tim, my camera. Hayley, first show him what a mess he made."Click. Click. Click.
"I'm a naughty girl," she said. She grabbed his shaft, which up to this point had been ignored. "Look at you, so hard, so shiny. It's your turn, baby." She raised her body and shifted forward, then lowered herself onto his shaft.
"Oh my god" he uttered.
She felt him inside her, filling her, but absent much friction. Tim's cum rushed out of her, onto Steven's balls. She sat there, grinding, feeling him try to lift his cock into her.
"It feels so different, and it's so... hot," he said.
"Yes, she said. This gets messy with so much cum, doesn't it? And..." She didn't need to say more as his face tightened and his cock began to shoot within her. Tim, forgotten until now, was recording them. "Well, she said. That will make a memory, a short one, for both of us." She lifted herself slowly off of his cock, which was softening but coated in cum. Lots of it.
"Hayley," Tim said. He held his own cell phone now, recording her. "Can I get a picture of...?" He nodded toward her cunt.
She spread her legs. Steven was interested, too, leaning forward to see. She smiled devilishly at Tim's phone. "Tim, look what you did to me. You fucked me so good! But I'm going to need more from you." Then she winked at him.
"So, either of you want a taste?" She waited as they just looked. "No? Tim, you look ready. Want to go again?"
"Of course I want to, but I need just a bit," he said.
"Well, I'm going to go clean up a little, and I'll be right back. We're not nearly done yet."
After a rather lengthy process of making herself look less slutty and brushing her teeth, she looked in the bathroom mirror. Skin flushed, nipples still aroused, her hair a mess. She wanted more.
When she returned to the den, they were sitting on the blanket, somewhat awkwardly. Tim was apparently checking the pictures of her on his phone, stroking his cock as he did so. Steven's cock was still hard, and his eyes were only on her as she entered.
She walked to Tim, who obviously didn't know what to expect. She got him to stand and then wrapped her arms around him, using a hand to adjust his cock against her abdomen. She kissed him. It was the first kiss of the evening, and she enjoyed it. It was overdue. Her tongue found his, and she felt his hands on her hips pulling her against him. He was a really good kisser. She heard a few clicks from Steven's camera, but she was into Tim. Really into him. His breath, the smell of him, the feel of the hair on his chest, and of course, his cock that was pressed against her... It felt a little like cheating. She wanted it to feel like cheating even more.
She broke their kiss and laid on the blanket while holding his hands in hers, taking him with her. He followed her down, his body on hers, resuming their kiss. He moved from her mouth to her neck, leaving a trail of kisses, then to her breasts and nipples before returning to her neck. She whispered in his ear. "I know what you want. Make love to me, Tim. Make love to me."
He exhaled suddenly, maybe in surprise, maybe in lust. She savored the kisses that followed until she felt him raise himself to his knees, where he took a few moments to appreciate her body, preparing for... her. She spread her legs, inviting him, satisfied at his lustful look at her cunt. He leaned into her, found her opening, quickly, and entered smoothly, establishing himself on his elbows where he could again kiss her as he slowly thrust within her. There was no hurry to it, and no words. She eventually closed her eyes, enjoying the sensation of each stroke, kissing him whenever his mouth returned to hers, her tongue hungry for his.
She orgasmed. Gentle waves, pleasurable. If her breathing wasn't enough to let him know that it was working, her sighs were. And if her sighs weren't, she whispered, "You touch the right place in me." She could feel his cock harden at her words, but still he kept the same pace. Her hands massaged her breasts gently, bringing the charge to her nipples whenever she needed it. She was lost in his strokes, moaning with some, moaning with most. In time, she orgasmed again. "Yes, Tim. That feels so good. I want your cock to stay in me forever."
He leaned forward, teasing her tongue out of her mouth to play, then kissed at her neck. He whispered, "I don't want to stop. I love giving you the pleasure I see in your eyes, and your mouth when you cum. You're the most beautiful creature."
She moaned. His pace was strong, certain, but not aggressive. Steady, in a predictable way that worked especially when he hit... there. She orgasmed again, moaning as he returned to that spot. "There," she whispered. They were both figuring it out, a space within her that she hadn't known existed. He found it again. "Yes!" she moaned loudly, her hands clawing at his hips, drawing him within her as much as he could.
He increased his pace a little, finding the spot on almost every stroke, more forcefully. It threw her over the edge. She was moaning as the waves overtook her. He responded by working his cock even faster, making his strokes longer, and hitting her every time. She could feel his intensity pick up, his balls now slapping against her, his breathing heavier.
"Cum inside me, Tim," she said, looking into his eyes.
Finally, she felt his first tremor within her, and she used her legs to lock him inside, her hands grasping at his hips to pull him in, the tip of his cock in her magic spot, his cum bringing heat to her special spot. Her mouth opened in a silent scream, her eyes deep in his as they shared the ecstasy together.
Their moment lasted longer than it should have, but neither wanted him to withdraw. His cock softened some, but still filled her. She didn't release her legs, and he didn't try to pull away. "Kiss me again," she whispered. And he did, gently, lovingly.
Eventually, the magic subsided. She released her legs, and he withdrew, kissing his way to her breasts and her navel. He looked at her cunt, with a contented smile, then looked up her body to her eyes. "That was..."
"Special," she said, looking at his eyes, then gazing down to his semi-hard cock. "Thank you."
She became chilled suddenly, unaware of how sweaty they had gotten. She looked to one side and then the other, finding Steven on the couch. His hand was wrapped around his cock, which was limp, and his torso was covered with cum. And he had a tear in an eye. She was worried, briefly, until he said. "That was the most beautiful thing I've seen in all my life."
It caused her to tear as well.
"Tim, you should probably go. I'll give you a copy of everything I have later, and I'll trust that I'll never regret it. It's been an unforgettable night, and you were perfect for it. Thank you. But I need some alone time now with my wife."
Tim stood and gave him a nod, a happy and appreciative expression on his face. "I... I hope we can talk about it sometime. And it saddens me that she won't remember. Thank you, both of you."
He dressed quickly and, as he left, took a last lingering look at Hayley, shaking his head slightly with a look of amazement, affection and... lust still in his eyes.
Hayley crawled the short distance to Steven, rising between his legs. She moved his hand from his cock, and began to lick it with the tip of her tongue. It seemed unresponsive. She looked up to see his eyes, wondering how he felt now that they were alone.
"No use doing that, Hayley. Three times? Four times. In what, an hour of watching you two? I don't think I have anything left."
"Did you enjoy it?" Hayley asked, concern in her voice.
"Of course, I did. Your stories, even the ones about your boyfriends... Those make me think of moments that actually happened, imagining it, though. That's nothing like watching you. I never could have imagined you like...that."
"I felt you watching me. I was glad you were there."
"Good. Because I appreciate you in a whole new way now. I love you as much as I ever have, but, Hayley, I've got to figure out some way to watch you again, and for you to want it too."
"Steven. I'll do anything you want me to do."
The following Friday, Hayley went to the bedroom and opened the bottom drawer of her clothes chest, the drawer that tended to gather things that she no longer wore. She removed a sweater and retrieved an opaque baggie she had stored within its folds. She opened it and removed three gel caps, resealed the bag, and returned it to the depths of her sweater. She noticed a black bow tie stuffed with the other items, and it gave her an idea.
She went to the kitchen and carefully separated the pill casing. The void within was telling. She opened a packet of saccharine, filled the larger end and sealed it with the other. She repeated the process twice more, testing their weight to make sure that each felt "heavy" like a pill, should Steven pick one up.Ancient Chinese secret, she thought to herself, recalling the simplicity of Carolyn's "pill." She found a small paperboard gift box with a cotton liner within and placed the pills on it. She wrapped the box and made a little bow with ribbon. Presentation is everything.
Tim had cancelled his Friday invitation earlier in the week, something about a need to visit his parents, he had told Steven. She had guessed that it was probably a good evening for her to share time with Steven anyway, and making her way through dinner with Tim would be... difficult.
She prepared a marinade for their steaks so they would be ready for Steven to cook when he got home. The baked potatoes were already in the oven, and the veggies were ready to be steamed.
She went to their back porch to clean and set the table. It wasn't a dinner table, but rather a high-top bar table better suited for entertaining. The porch was enclosed with glass windows, almost floor to ceiling on three sides and offered an elevated view of their back yard. She turned on the corner lamps for their soft lighting effect and turned on the center spotlight above the table. She completed the ambience with a candle placed where the spotlight fell and lit it.
Steven returned a short time later. He changed clothes to get more comfortable and was eager to enjoy the steaks. He turned the deck light on, started the grill and gave her a debrief of his day while the grill heated.
"I noticed the table on the back porch is set?"
"Yes, just a change of pace."
"Okay, I never really thought about just the two of us having dinner there, but that sounds nice. Hey, let me check on the grill. I think it should be ready now."
"Good. I need to excuse myself for just a bit. When you're done, fix my plate and take it to the table, please, and I'll be right there," she said. He gave her a suspicious look, as well he should. She just gave him a quick grin.
His back was facing her as she entered, and she stopped just behind him. The clicks of her heels on the porch's tile floor had been clearly audible to announce her presence, and she could see that he was watching her nude reflection in the opposite window.
"Wow," he said. "What did I do to deserve this?"
"It's a special occasion," she said. "It's a Friday night!" It was a very short distance around the table, so she stepped slowly, allowing him to soak in her image. Other than her heels, she was wearing the black bow tie she had found. Otherwise she was completely naked. "Here," she said, "let me finish the look." She removed a hair tie she had wrapped around her finger and pulled her hair back into a ponytail. The bare neck look, she thought, might be just the thing. She saw that her raised breasts caught his attention as she fiddled with her hair. She kept them raised for his appreciation. "Do you approve?"
"Yes!" he said.
"Then, may I join you for dinner?" she asked.
He didn't answer immediately. Instead, he looked to his left, towards the Conner's house which was maybe 100' away.
"Yes, they're home. And like most Fridays, he's out there grilling. Right now. I looked before I came in. But we can't live our lives based on what other people think. And turning the lights on wasn't an accident."
Steven didn't comment, and returned his eyes to her, his face lustful. He stood, finally, and walked around to her.
"Of course, you can join me. Here, let me help you." She sat, and he assisted in sliding her chair to the table. Even seated, Greg would have a complete view of her from the side.
The steak was delicious, and it was a simple, fast meal to consume. She left it to Steven to say something, but he hadn't, keeping his thoughts to himself as he enjoyed the sight of her. She smiled back at every opportunity.
"I don't know that I've ever eaten a meal with a topless woman, never mind naked," he said. "So, you've overcome your shyness, I gather?"
"I'm not shy about being naked," she said, raising her hands to adjust her hair for effect. "Oh, you mean Greg? I don't know if he's seen me or is looking right now. Maybe. Probably?"
She palmed her breasts then tweaked her nipples. But, Steven, Ihaveseen your photos from the last two months, of me half-dressed or naked where other people could see me. It obviously turnsyouon. And, Iliketurning you on. She stood from the table, keeping her eyes on him, and stepped closer to the window, but still facing him.
"Tell me, which do you think he likes more? My back side? Or my front?" She turned her body towards the Conners, but looked back at Steven over her shoulder. She saw that he had to adjust his pants. She gave him a little laugh and turned to face him again. She caressed her hips and breasts as she said, "I have a little present for you."
"I see that," he said. "You've changed."
Hayley was a little startled to hear him say that. She gave him a questioning look.
"You shaved the little patch of hair that had remained. I won't miss it. You look incredibly smooth."
Oh, of course. "I'm glad you like it, but that's not the present." She again turned to the window. "Uh, I think heiswatching, actually." It struck her as funny, so she laughed. "You'renot being shy about me, are you?" He didn't answer. "Well." She spread her legs more than necessary and bent over to pick up the little box that she had placed by a potted plant on the floor. She didn't hurry. After she straightened, she said, "You know, I think I like being seen from both sides."
She turned to face him and found Steven rubbing his cock through his pants. She walked behind him, the bar chairs seating him at a height where her breasts fell conveniently on either side of his neck. She reached around him to hand him the present.
He opened the box. "Three more wishes?" he asked.
"Yes. They've made you so happy. I had to beg Carolyn for more."
"Theyhavemade me happy," Steven said. "Turn off the corner lamps, please. And... take your time about it. And keep your eyes on their deck."
She turned the lamps off, bending in slow motion to reach under the shades for each switch. The Conner's deck lights were now not so mysteriously turned off, but she could make out his silhouette. She returned to Steven, close to the spotlight.
Steven reached with a finger to touch her nipple. "Your nipples are hard. Is that from knowing that he's over there, looking?"
"Yes, and from you wanting to show me off."
"I think it's more because you want to show off. I have one wish for tonight. Actually, two. I want you to get one of those cushions for your knees and suck my cock. And if you do it well enough, I want you to watch a movie with me in the den. It's one you haven't seen before, but I've wanted to watch it with you. I took it last Friday. You're in it, and trustmewhen I borrow someone else's words. You'reamazing."
Thanks for reading! Comments welcome. And, yes, there's a possibility of additional chapters.