Hi, Madam Lisa here. This is part 8 of my real-life ongoing relationship with my subs. The only thing I have changed are the names. I also do not mention the names of the locations. I sure some of you will be able to figure them out. All I ask is you don't tell. Thank you for reading my story. I hope you will enjoy it as much as I have. All participants are over 18 and are consenting in their roles.
*****
Recap: Dove took a walk in the park and I slept with my neighbor.
I woke up early. It was very dark. I tried to move my arms and couldn't. I called out and realized I was gagged. I felt the ball gag in my mouth. I tried to sit up, roll over, move my legs, nothing worked. I had been bound. How did I get tied up like this and how did I not wake up? I haven't been tied up this good in a long time.
I hear a whispered in my ear. "Good Morning. Slut."
Fear ran down my spine. I did not recognize the voice. What had I got myself into? I didn't know where I was. I feel a vibrating sensation in my ass and pussy. The ball gag was removed only to be replaced with a cock. I could feel my nipples being pinched and his cock hitting the back of my throat. He was fucking my mouth. I hear a slap and feel a sharp pain across my ass. I scream but no sound gets passed the cock in my mouth.
Horn Dog whispers "Suck it good. Slut."
Now things are becoming more clear to me. It was Horn Dog. I remember falling asleep with him. I relaxed and start to cum. I can't help it, the vibrators are doing their job. Another slap and sharp pain across my ass.
Horn Dog whispers "No cumming."
Horn Dog replaces the gag and removes the anal vibrator. He shoves his cock in my ass. I feel his balls slap my ass as he buries his cock deep inside me. It feels so good yet painful at the same time. The vibrator in my cunt is working its magic. I can feel his cock in my ass. I am almost ready to explode.
Horn Dog whispers "Ok get ready to cum." He grunts and says out loud. "Cum. Now." He shots his load in my ass as I came so hard I squirted. I very rarely able to cum on command, but this time I did and It felt wonderful. What a great way to start the day.
We lay in the bed and cuddle. He removes my restraints and gag. Then he turns off the vibrator an removes the clamps from my nipples. When he removes my blindfold I see he used my belts to tie me up with.
I slap him. "God damn it Steve. Wake me up next time and I will get you the good ropes." He just chuckles. I rest a little and then I smell the coffee he brought to me.
"What time is it?" I ask.
Horn Dog said "5, I have to leave for work by 6, but I'll be home by 4:30 so we can have a cookout tonight." I agree then I go wake up the subs. I have Blue Jay make breakfast and have Dove give Horn Dog a bath and a shave. I have Sparrow make the beds and pickup the bedrooms. After his bath we sit down at the kitchen table and have breakfast. I have Sparrow bring him his clothes and a robe to go home in. I see cock start to get erect again so I tell Dove to take care of it for him.
Dove says "Yes, Madam Lisa" and gets down on her knees and begins to give him a blowjob. I tell her no, turn around and spread your cheeks. She gets up and leans over the counter and spreads her ass cheeks.
Horn Dog smiles and I tell him to go ahead and have fun, I need to get ready for work myself. He stands up and picks Dove up. Flips her over and shoves his cock into her wet pussy balls deep on the first thrust. She lets out a moan I could hear from my bedroom. She was screaming for more as I entered the tub.
I had Sparrow give me a bath. She rubs the soap on her breasts and then uses them like a wash cloth to clean my back. After she soaps me up I have her rinse me with the shower attachment. She brings my towel and drys me off. She moans as I insert my finger into her pussy. Her knees buckle as I gently rub her clit. I slide a remote controlled vibrator in her and turn it on. I have her do my hair after I finish brushing it. She is having trouble concentrating so I turn it off before I get burned with the curling iron. I have her do my makeup and I finish getting dressed.
Blue Jay has everyone's clothes laid out for my approval. After Dove got out of the bathroom after freshening up. I gave everyone their orders for the day. Dove nude drive to work. Selfies along the route, send them to me when you arrive. Sparrow topless to work. Stop for coffee and the drive thru. Send selfie with cashier (he is about 70 years old he will get a kick out of this. I have done this before, he is great.) Also nude selfie in the restroom. Blue Jay you will drive me today, naked until the garage. We are also stopping for coffee and donuts at the same drive thru. Everyone pugs in all day, lunch at the Italian place next to Doves office building.
At the drive thru I see Sparrow get out of her car take a selfie. I am in the back seat of my car. As my car has dark tint, rear passengers can't be seen from the outside. The cashier almost has a heart attack when he sees his second set of tits in the same morning. He tells Blue Jay he going to buy a lottery ticket before his luck runs out.
I get to work and Blue Jay gets dressed in the garage. I receive Doves and Sparrows selfies before I get to my office. I have Blue Jay put in the remote vibrator and report to my lead as soon as she gets in the office. The morning goes slowly with the same boring paperwork I usually have. I finish all my work before 10 and am now waiting on my team to start handing me theirs so I can go over it before sending it to my boss. I know its boring sometimes, but this is where our company makes most of its money. The client meeting and proposals are more fun, but they don't make us money. They only make sure we can do the paperwork that makes us the money.
Lunch Time Yea! Blue Jay and I head over to The Italian restaurant. We meet Dove and Sparrow who arrived before us. I hand Dove a mini skirt, tank, 3" heals and her collar. I tell her she will wear this, no panties or bra, to the grocery store and get the sides, beer and soda for the cookout. She is not to adjust her clothes once she is in the parking lot. She will strip in the parking lot for her drive home. Sparrow undo your blouse and let it hang open during lunch. Blue Jay open Sparrows blouse in front of our waiter when he brings my change back at the end of the meal. Sparrow act mad but don't cover up until he has gotten a good look. Sparrow drive home from work nude. I turn Blue Jays vibrator on until we get our food.
Our Waiter is now making sure all of our drinks are filled and are getting the best service today. He keeps coming by every few minutes to "check" on us. We all know he is trying to get a look at Sparrows breasts. We finish our meal and get the check. I give him my credit card right away. On his return Blue Jay catches our waiter staring at Sparrows open blouse. She reaches over and yanks Sparrows blouse open and says out loud "There can you see them now." Sparrow yells "How could you" The waiter just stands there stunned. I stand up and hand him a twenty and tell the girls lets go. Sparrow buttons her blouse back and we leave. When we get to the car I have Blue Jays strip off her clothes and drive us back to work.
The afternoon at work went about the same as the morning. I was looking forward to quitting time. I had Blue Jay drive us to the grocery store as I wanted to watch Dove in action. Also I forgot to tell her we would need chips, ranch dip and shampoo. I saw some friends of mine so asked them to help me out. I told them my sub was not able to adjust her clothes while she was here and she was commando. We were there for a good twenty minutes when I saw Dove enter the store. She was dressed just as I had told her. I pointed her out and watched while they helped. One went up to and "accidentally" pulled Dove's skirt down a couple inches and walked away. The other girl hooked the top strap of tank top pulling it down over her shoulder the apologized for "bumping" into her. Dove's left breast was very close to falling out.
We left Dove alone for awhile and let her get the veggies. They meet back up with her in the soda isle. This time she hooked the other strap of the tank top. The only thing holding it up now were Dove's ample breasts. They left her alone from there. The four of us watched as she got the the rest of the items, paid for them and left. Her top did stay up, but she was walking very carefully to keep it there. The stock boy did not seem to mind as he toted her groceries out to her car. I went and got the chips, dip and shampoo. When I got in the car I had us both strip before she drove us home. This time I sat in the front seat.
When we got home I could smell the charcoal burning next door. We went in through the garage. Sparrow and Dove were both home and only wearing their collars. I told them all to put on string bikinis to visit Horn Dog next door. Blue Jay fixed the sides and I had Dove take the chips and dips over. I had Sparrow take the soda and I got the beer. After we delivered the all that I sent them back to the house to help fix the sides and bring them over when they were finished.
Horn Dog, who I will call Howie after the engineer from the Big Bang Theory, told me the coals were almost ready. I asked if any of his friends will be joining us. He said yes that Carl from his work would be dropping by. I asked about Carl and found out he is 28, single, no kids and has a masters in engineering. I get Howie a beer and myself a glass of wine. Howie put on the burgers and asked how long before the sides will be here and I told him very soon. Carl showed up, he is a tall good looking man, maybe 5' 8" and 150 pounds approximately. (Authors note: Everyone is tall to me) Soon my subs join us and I introduce them.
"Carl, I am Madam Lisa and this is Sparrow, this is Blue Jay and this is Dove."
Carl looked at Howie and I puzzled for a moment, then the light bulb turns on. For a college graduate he is a little dim.
"So these are your girls?" Carl asks and I say yes with a smile. I tell Sparrow to get Carl a beer and introduce yourself. Sparrow gets a beer, opens it and takes it to Carl. She gets down on her knees in front of him.
Sparrow tells him "It is my pleasure to serve you Master Carl." I thought he was going to faint. The other two say in unison "As it will be our pleasure also Master Carl." Carl had to sit down and let that sink in. Now that we were in Howies' back yard and no minors, spouses or anyone else for that matter could see us, I had the subs remove their bikinis. I had Sparrow kneel on the ground beside Carl. I had Blue Jay kneeling beside me. And as Howie was standing by the hot grill I had Dove stand behind him. I told the subs to make sure the men had every thing they needed.
Carl was getting excited, judging by the bulge in his pants, so I told Sparrow she was not doing her job and to take care of Carl. Sparrow answered "Right way Madam."
Sparrow unzipped Carls' pants and released his staining cock. She licked the tip at first then took the whole thing in her mouth. She alternated by running her tongue down the sides, licking the tip and putting it all in her mouth. Carl came quickly and she swallowed his entire load.
Not to be out done Blue Jay lifted my shirt and began to eat me out. She ran her tongue around my lips and playfully bit my clit. She went back to sucking my juices and stuck her tongue in and out of my hole. I leaned back on my chair to give her more room. I looked over and saw Sparrow had removed Carls' Shirt and was licking his chest as she road his cock.
Howie saw what was going on and had Dove bend over the table and took her from behind. Dove reached back and spread her cheeks and was telling him to go harder and faster. I reached orgasm first, well technically second, Howie shot his load next. and Carl third. Dove turned around and cleaned Howie up with her mouth and Sparrow used a warm wash cloth to clean up Carl.
Howie took the now slightly burned but not to charred burgers off the grill. The subs went inside to freshen up and we all ate. We all had a few more drinks now it was time to play winners fuck the losers. Howie has a dart board in his living room. The game is 501. I set the rules. Rule 1 No clothes. Rule 2 double in double out. Rule 3 Losers must do whatever the winners decide. Rule 4 nothing illegal cheaters will forfeit. Rule 5 Madam Lisa has final say. Teams will be Masters and Mistress against the subs.
First round I am 5th one to throw and the first one to double in. Subs fail to double in. Second round Carl triple 3's, Howie single 20 and I triple 20. (Ok, I've played a lot of darts.) Subs fail to double in again. Third round I triple and the subs finally double in. It takes 3 more rounds before we are at 90 and the subs are closing in at 135. last round Carl hits triple 10 and Howie hits single 20. Subs are down to 98. I double 20 out for the win.
Now I get to hear Carl and Howies' fantasies. Carl wants them to do a pizza dare. Howie wants to have 2 girls at the same time. I tell both of them no. First I tell Howie they would do that anyway and I tell Carl we can think of something better. Howie comes up with he wants to see them masturbate and Carl agrees. I agree and tell the Sparrow to go get the toys. Without putting clothes on Sparrow runs next to to my house and retrieves the basket from the hall. She is out of breath when she returns so I have Blue Jay start.
Blue Jay gets out the glass ribbed dildo and the anal vibrator. She lubes the anal up and inserts it. Then she puts coconut oil on the glass and more on herself. She starts by rubbing the outside of her lips and putting in the tip. Slowly she inserts it about halfway in and back out again. She does this again only she goes in all the way. As she does this she rubs her clit until she achieves orgasm.
Next up Sparrow. She starts with the double anal/vaginal vibrator. This one looks like a cock only with a small finger for the ass. She lubes it up and inserts it making sure the anal prob goes in properly. She turns it on and begins. Pushing it in and out at a regular intervals at first rubbing her clit with the other hand. She picks up speed and bites her nipple. She lays back with her legs spread wide as she can. She pounds herself as hard as she can. We can see she is getting wetter as she finally cums. She is so out of breath she is almost hyperventilating.
Now Doves turn. She is visibly scared. She wants to give us a good show, but she is uncomfortable with our audience. I give her a direct order to start. She fumble through the basket and finds my biggest one, I call it the Mandingo. It is the suction cup model. She lubes it up and sticks it to the floor. She bites her lip as she puts the gator clips onto her nipples. She adds some more for weight on the chain between the two. She slides an anal vibrator in and begins to squat over the massive dildo. She starts to ride it cowgirl style using her legs like shock absorbers. Each time she goes down it goes in farther. She rubs her clit and is almost jumping as her breathing gets harder. Soon we see her squirting and she keeps going. Her face gets so flushed about the time I think she is going to pass out. She ejaculates. Sparrow catches her as she falls back. With the dildo still inside her she continues to rub her clit as she falls asleep in Sparrows arms smiling.
This is the first time I have ever seen a woman ejaculate without help from a partner. Howie and Carl pick her up and take her to the couch. Sparrow gets the mop and starts cleaning up. I tell Blue Jay to get the guys another beer and I get my basket. Howie and Carl are amazed at what they just saw and start talking about it.
They didn't notice me with my cuffs. I go up to Carl and kiss him on his back. I ask him if he liked what he saw and if he would like to participate in some more games. He said "Hell, Yes."
I slip a cuff on his right wrist with rope attached and tell him he is going to have fun. Then I do the same to his left. I have Sparrow star to give him a blowjob as I secure each side behind the couch. Howie sees what I am doing and moves to the chair opposite us. While he is distracted I cuff his legs in the same manner. Then I tie his wrist cuffs to his ankle cuffs. Sparrow has done her job and stops in the middle of the blowjob. His cock is at full erection and he now can't move.
Howie is laughing at his friend as he sees me with my anal stimulator. I move his ass over the edge of the couch with Sparrows help. Sparrow just grabbed his penis and he pretty much move for us.
I whisper in his ear that all we are going to do is insert this probe in his ass and Sparrow is going to finish the blowjob. He is apprehensive about it but he agrees because he has heard of prostate gland stimulation before. Its suppose to give a man or a woman more pleasure. I lube up the anal probe and gently try to slide it in. I have to tell him he has to relax for this to work.
After he relaxes I was able to get it in. Blue Jay covertly takes photos of this for me as I do it. (They are insurance for us in case he decides to harass us later. If he doesn't then I will delete them later.) I turn on the prob and Sparrow starts giving him a blowjob again. In a few minutes he cums harder than I have seen anyone outside a porn movie.
Sparrow cleans him up as I uncuff him. He is happy and spent at the same time. I tell Howie it's his turn and walk toward him. He answers "Oh Hell No!" Then I tell him about how Sparrow and I are both going to fuck him at the same time. He changed his mind and said "Bring it on, but no cuffs."
I get on top of him and sit on his cock as Sparrow licks his balls and my pussy. I tell him he needs to pick me up and lay back on the floor. He does and Sparrow helps balance me as he gets out of the chair. He lays on his back and Sparrow sits on his face. Sparrow is facing me so we can make out as I ride his cock and he eats her out. As we do this Carl gets up and gives me his cock to suck. Sparrow and I share it as we ride Howie. Howie cums inside me and Sparrow cums on his face I am left wanting. Carl is to spent to cum again and goes soft.
Howie and Dove are both asleep. Sparrow is curled up with Dove and close to being asleep also. That leave Blue Jay and Carl left to satisfy me. I tell Blue Jay to get Carl a drink and then come over to me.
I have Blue Jay bring the vibrator and told her to get me off. She starts by slowly and steadily pushing it in and out of my pussy. I am starting to get a rhythm when Carl starts playing with my tits. He completely ruins my mood. He grabs Blue Jay and tries to finger her while playing with my breasts. It is obvious he doesn't know what he is doing. I try to get him to stop by asking him how he liked the anal probe. He tells me it was the best he has ever had. Now I have a plan.
I get him to agree to be tied up again by telling him I know of other ways to satisfy him. I also tell him I am going to "teach" him how to please a woman. He allows me to take charge and I tell him he must do as I say and call me Madam. I have Blue Jay go home and get spreader bar and my "outfit."
I put the cuffs on him behind his back along with the leather hood. Then I put on the dick sucker with the removable ball gag and secure all the straps. I make sure his arms are tight by tying a rope from his elbows to his wrists then around his waist. Blue Jay gets back with my outfit and spreader bar. I connect the spreader to his ankle cuffs then tie a rope from the center of the bar to his waist. He is now face down with his ass in the air. His arms and secured behind him and he can't close his legs. He can not move.
I put my ribbed peg, the one that goes inside me to stay in place. I put on my black leather "Mistress" cat outfit on and lube his ass. Blue Jay massages his cock to full erection then puts on the cock ring. The whole time I do this I am reassuring him he will enjoy learning how to please us. I give him a safe word to use if he is in trouble and gently side a small thin beaded anal prob in his ass. I stroke his cock and ask him if he is feeling good. He nods yes. I said good now we will begin.
I strike his ass with my riding crop and tell him his name is now Worm. Blue Jay puts a wide spiked collar around his neck. I ask him, well more of a statement really, if he understands. He shakes his head yes. I run the probe in and out of his ass a few times and remove it. I swat his ass again. Then I forcefully plunge my peg in his ass. I ride him hard as I hear him yelling through the gag. Every time he tries to move away from me I swat his ass with my crop. Howie is now awake and very confused about what he sees us doing. He is really confused when Carl ejaculates all over the floor as I pound his ass with my peg. Blue Jay tells Howie not to worry and she will share the video I am having her make of this.
Howie just says "OK" and ask Blue Jay to suck him off. She hands Sparrow the camera and gets on her knees in front of Howie and begins to give him a blowjob.
I keep riding Worm until I cum then I switch to a clean peg. I have Sparrow call Donna and ask her to come over. I remove the ball and stick my dildo in his mouth and tell him to suck it like a lollipop. He does as he is told. He licks it up and down the best he can as the "cock sucker" gag does not allow you to close your mouth. I ask Howie if he wanted a turn at Worms ass. Howie turns me down. Then I ask him if Worm wanted give a blowjob to Howie. Worm did not say anything so I swatted his ass again and then ask "Worm you want to give Master Howie a blowjob don't you?' Worm nodded his head yes. I put my first peg back on and Howie put his cock in Worms mouth. I gave Worm another swat and told him to do a good job and to swallow Master Howies' load. Worm nodded yea and began to suck Howie off.
Sparrow had Donna on the phone and I let her know what was going on. I asked if she would come over and bring Fifi and a sissy cock cage with her. Donna happily agreed and asked me if I was going to start keeping male subs now. I told her no this is just a one off. The party was just getting wild and we were just having fun. As Donna and I talked she let me know she was already in the car and would be here in 5.
When Donna arrived Worm was still giving Howie a blowjob and I was fucking Worm in the ass. We must have been a sight as Donna snapped a picture of us and said it was one worthy enough for her wall. Then she said she liked my outfit. She got the sissy cage out and asked if this is what I wanted, I told her yes. I had sparrow remove the cock ring. Worms cock went limp immediately. I stopped fucking him long enough to put on the cage. Donna asked for a turn and told her she could as soon as I got off. Donna smiled as she told me to take my time as she was going to enjoy this. I got myself off and Fifi helped my to the couch.
Donna put on her strap-on and went to Howie to see what kind of job Worm was doing. She stopped them and had Fifi move Worm to the chair. Worm was now bent over the arms of the recliner with his chest over one arm and his waist over the other. Donna gave Worm a few lashes with her crop and told him he was pathetic. She put more lube in his ass and shoved her 8 inch peg in his ass. Worm let out a loud grunt. She told Fifi to remove the gag so Worm could give a proper blowjob. She told Howie to make him do it right and Howie stuck his cock back in Worms mouth. As Donna fucked Worms ass he came again. Donna did not let up and kept going until she was satisfied. Howie came soon after. Worm tried to spit out the cum, but Donna made him swallow it. Then as punishment she made him lick up his own off the floor.
Dove was now awake. She greeted Donna with the proper respect. I told Dove to 69 Sparrow for now. I had Blue Jay cuddle with Howie as he was spent. Donna was in full training mode on Worm.
Donna took the sissy cage off Fifi and removed Worms' restraints. She told him to give Fifi a blowjob and to swallow every last drop. Worm did as he was told. Donna got me a wine cooler and we sat back and enjoyed the show.
Fifi shot his load down Worms mouth and Worm swallowed it all. Donna had him clean Fifi up with his tongue. She then had him on all fours parading him around the room. She had him put on leather cuffs and put a butt plug in his ass. He was more submissive than any sub I've ever had. Donna said she wanted him and told her she could. Howie could not comprehend what was going on, but as long as his friend was willing, he was going to go along with it. I had Blue Jay get Howie a beer. Donna told us she needed to take Worm, now Bella, home for additional training. With that Donna had Bella on a leash and walked him to her car on all fours.
Howie looked at me and asked what we were to do with "Bellas" things. I told him he could come with us tomorrow to Donnas' lake house and deliver his clothes and car. He was fine with that and we went back to having sex. Now Howie had all four of us to himself. Not much happened after this as Howie and my subs were spent. I fooled around with Blue Jay and Sparrow for awhile, but that did not last long. I had the girls clean up the mess we made. When they were done Howie thanked us and I took the girls home. I am looking forward to the party at Donna's tomorrow night.