My name is Lloyd, I finished work early on Friday, it was a week now since my initiation as a naturist. For the past week I would get home from work, shower and join my wife Pam naked in the kitchen for my evening meal. She was nude also; in fact, she hadn't worn anything since last Monday.
While I was at work last week she had shopped. After I left on Monday, she had a leisurely breakfast before showering and got dressed to go shopping. Pam dressing was a bit different to most women appearing in public. She has some thick blouses and long skirts and jeans to cover the fact that she doesn't wear under clothes, ever. Dressed in a red blouse, blue jeans and a pair of sandals she drove her Range Rover to the nearest supermarket and bought enough food to feed a family of five for a fortnight.
Like most British families we have a freezer in the kitchen and another in the garage or some other outbuilding. I was very lucky that my grandfather left me his house in his will, the house has five bedrooms, three en suite, a large kitchen, a lounge and a big dining room. There is an adjoining two car garage with access to the house.
I spent a lot of money updating the house and until I married, I lived in it alone. My parents who live in a Devon seaside town were happy for me to live in my house providing I phone them frequently and visit fairly often. My house was a farmhouse originally with 150 acres of arable land and a few copses that I rent out to local farmers.
Farming was not for me; I work in a nice clean office working for a very successful American owned advertising company who pay me a shedful of money.
Pam returned from her shopping spree and garaged her car; her next move was to enter the house via the side door from the garage and take her clothes off which she did with huge sigh of relief. Then she filled both the freezers and store cupboard. That done, she made a cup of tea and put her feet up.
That was last Monday, on this Friday my wife kissed me on the cheek and told me dinner was almost ready. I smiled at her and sat at the table and watched as she served our dinners. It was nothing special just a plate of battered fish and chips, or as Americans call them French fries. I loved eating with my wife across the table from me with her beautiful tits with their huge nipples facing me, it made the most mundane food exciting.
"Right darling, you've tried naturism for a week as we agreed, do you think this could be permanent?" she asked nervously.
I stood up and went to where she sat, pulled her up and kissed her passionately pressing my body close to her feeling the heat of her sending waves of ecstasy throughout my whole being. "Yes, most definitely, I am really unhappy wearing clothes at work, it was horrible, and I wanted to strip off. I can work naked just as easy as fully clothed, but my bosses would throw a wobbly and give me the sack."
"That's wonderful, I'm so happy and to prove it I've prepared a special dessert for you tonight, give me a few minutes and I'll serve it up for you."
With that she cleared the kitchen table and put the crockery in the dishwasher and scrubbed the table clean. The table was just over 6 foot long and 4 wide. She dried it thoroughly and then went to one of the storage cupboards and took out a bowl of strawberries and a large pot of clotted cream that she placed on the table. All this time I stood watching puzzled by her actions.
"What are you doing, sweetheart. " I asked.
"Hang on, you'll know very soon."
Using a chair, she got on the table and sat on it, moving her body until she was where she wanted to be with her feet in front of her and picked up the cream. She spooned the cream on her fanny and some on her belly in blobs all the way up to her tits. Then she placed a strawberry on the cream, first on her cunt then on the blobs on her belly. She laid her body on the table and put more cream on her tits, on her shoulders and on her face up to her forehead. Strawberries were placed on all the blobs making sure each blob had one.
"There you are darling; your dessert is ready." she said in a sexy voice.
The sight of her laying on the kitchen table covered with strawberries and cream was fantastically erotic, so much so I told her to wait as I wanted to photograph her. She smiled at me without knocking off any strawberries.
I took several photos, but I was in a hurry to eat my dessert. I got on the table and started with the ones on her face, forehead first and working down till her face was devoid of fruit and gave her a big kiss, again she smiled. I proceeded down her body, eating the ones on her shoulders before the ones on her tits, I enjoyed clearing her tits of the strawberries after which I kissed her again and then sucked each nipple before eating those on her belly.
All I had to do now was to devour the berries around her pubic area which I did slowly, firstly because I was getting full up and secondly because I was enjoying it enormously. There were three strawberries left, one the on each thigh and one on her cunt. I took the two on her thighs and then the one on her fanny. The cream there matted the blonde hairs and took me time to clean it up.
I looked at my handiwork, or mouth work, I should say. A job well done, I thought.
She hadn't moved and still laid down on the table. I kissed her again our tongues searching each other's mouths, then I sucked each nipple giving time to both of them before moving to her cunt.
I licked her slit until her legs opened to allow me to put my tongue in her exposed cunt. I opened her lips and sucked on her clitoris, she shuddered, causing her legs to widen. I stuck my tongue as far as I could into her cunt and licked it while I tweaked her clitoris as her breathing became ragged.
"Darling, I want to come, please fuck me."
With that encouragement I spread her legs and bent her knees to allow me to easily put my cock into her cunt. She put her legs around my thighs pulling me into her, so I fucked her roughly sending my hard cock pounding in and out of her fanny till she screamed, "I'm coming, I'm fucking coming."
She thrashed around in her ecstasy as a gigantic orgasm took control of her body, it held her several seconds before subsiding. Her legs released me and fell to the table where she lay still breathing heavily.
My god, that was fantastic, I thought even though I hadn't come.
Pam lay on the table moaning to herself softly "How was dessert tonight, did you enjoy it? I must wash up, I feel a bit sticky," saying so she swung her legs to the edge of table and lowered herself to the floor and left the kitchen to have a shower. I got down from the table with a huge erection and sat down waiting for Pams return.
Pam returned after her shower to clean the table, she smiled to herself as she approached it with a wash cloth. "What are you looking so pleased about." I asked.
"That's the second time you have given me a good fucking on the table since you became a nudist, this table is becoming a sex magnet, not that I'm complaining." she said and turned to look at me. "Oh, my goodness," she said looking at my cock that had refused to soften, "you didn't come, I'm so sorry. Come here darling and I'll take care of that."
She grabbed my cock and started to wank me off with her right hand as she cupped my balls with the other hand. Pam rubbed my cock faster and faster until I felt my orgasm coming on. I pulled away from her and told her I would complete my wank myself. She knelt before me watching me stroke my cock looking closely as my foreskin was pulled back and forth. My orgasm came, spurting come onto my wife's face and tits. My legs almost gave way under me causing me to seek a chair to rest on.
Pam was still on her knees with come on her face and tits, "That was wonderful, that's the first I have had a close up of a cock ejaculating, how your piss slit spat all that lovely come at me, I feel very privileged to have witnessed that and I intend to do it again."
So saying she rose from her knees and kissed my cock.
l stared at her face, come was in her hair and on her forehead. There was come on her eyelids on her nose and cheeks, her mouth was wet with come and her chin also. Her tits were covered as well. I laughed at her as I grabbed her hand and led her upstairs where I gave her a good wash till she shone.
I cleaned myself and went into the kitchen where Pam was finishing cleaning the table. She made a cup of tea and we retired to the lounge to drink it. "Do you realize that it's exactly a week since you first shed your clothes," Pam said.
"Well, technically it's eight days, but yes I did. It seems like a long time and I'm getting used to it especially as I had to face your family last Sunday."
"Do you feel comfortable with other people around? You look chilled out now and certainly cooler than last week?" she asked.
"Yes, I do, I got through last week reasonably apart my reaction to seeing two beautiful nude women." I replied.
"Good," she said, "we have been invited by my parents for a couple of days at a nudist resort where my granny is a member."
I stared at her aghast and dumbstruck. "What the hell are you talking about." I said when I regained my equilibrium, "and meet your granny did you say? Does anybody in your family wear clothes, I thought I met them all last week, how many more will creep out of the woodwork?" I collapsed in my chair utterly at a loss.
Pam rose from her chair and knelt in front of me looking me in the eye. "Darling, we have to move forward, and this is the next logical step, I realise I am pushing this a bit, but it will pay off eventually. My granny will be the last, at least as far as I know. The weather is good for the weekend as obviously weather plays a big part of being nude outdoors. Please go along."
Once again, I knew better than to argue so I agreed reluctantly to the weekend, but I had to ask about her granny, she must be ancient and too old to be a nudist. Pam explained her granny Betty had been a naturist since the late 1940s.
Your grandmother must be in her seventies, isn't that old to be a nudist?
"My granny is eighty-two now, but she is very fit for her age and has her full faculties,"
She married a shop owner in 1947 and they worked hard to keep their shop profitable. In 1948 her husband admitted he was a cupboard nudist; he had been one for years but since his marriage he had kept quiet about it not wanting to upset his wife whom he loved very much.
Betty asked where he practised naturism, as single males were hardly ever admitted as members of naturist clubs. He admitted that he never wore clothes at home, he lived in a flat above the shop, so when the shop closed, he stripped off until he opened next day.
Betty encouraged him to carry on, in fact, she said she would join him.
Two years later they joined a nudist club and spent as much time there as they could. Six years later because of the competition from the supermarkets they sold the shop and bought a bungalow in north Devon.
Her husband was older than her by twelve years and he was a rich man. His parents left him very comfortably well off, but he continued working
He did a bit of manual work, but their main interest was taking holidays in nudist resorts in France and the Greek islands.
Ten years ago her husband died, and Betty spent a lot of time at the nudist club they had joined years ago while she still never dressed at home. She was a welcome visitor at her daughter's house, in fact that was where she is now.
"But she's ancient, "I said again. "I met her at our wedding, she was just like an average old granny, feisty, strong willed and self-confident.
"Age is not a bar to naturism any more than body shapes and sizes are, you are talking like a textile now, I expected more from you," she replied.
I was a little bit ashamed of myself for being so prejudiced but sitting there with my nude wife kneeling in front of me with her cunt and tits so close that I could smell her fanny which was getting wet, I soon forgot my shame and got an erection that pointed at Pam.
I reached out to her and grabbed her tits and pulled her towards me.
She, meanwhile, put her hand on my cock and stroked it slowly making it harder even though I had come a short while ago. When it was hard enough, she made me sit forward till my arse was on the edge of the chair, my legs stretched out in front of me.
Pam turned away from me and straddled my legs and slowly lowered her body to impale herself on my cock, reverse cowboy, and leaned her body forward showing her arse to me. She moved up and down my cock fucking me, I filled her cunt on the downstroke and watched as her cunt lips moved as she raised herself.
I stuck two fingers in my mouth to moisten them and as she raised her body, I stuck one gently in her arsehole, As I did so she stopped, her cunt holding my cockhead tight.
My finger in her arsehole struggled to get all the way in, I wiggled it till I felt it begin entering up to the second knuckle, in and out until her hole loosened sufficiently for me to put two fingers in, I then finger fucked her arsehole while she gripped my cock with her cunt lips.
Moving my fingers in her arsehole I could feel my cock trapped inside her fanny. I was close to an orgasm by now but Pam stood up releasing both my cock and fingers from her fuck holes.
"Let's go to the kitchen fucking table and come together."
She walked into the kitchen and stood at the table opening her legs as wide as she could then lay her body on the table which caused her arse to be raised. I nearly came seeing her like that, but I managed to open her arse cheeks and drove my cock in to her cunt. I fucked her hard and we came together with monumental orgasms.
I withdrew my cock, but Pam didn't move, her orgasm still shuddering on. Seeing her like that, her cunt dripping our come and her pink wrinkled anus open from the finger fucking encouraged me to stick three fingers into her cunt to lube them before I put them one by one into her arsehole. I fucked her vigorously with my fingers, in and out, in and out till another orgasm built up inside her cunt.
"Ooohhh, oohhh, my arsehole is on fire. keep your fucking fingers in my fucking arsehole, ooohh." She came again her whole body shaking with ecstatic pleasure.
She stood up once her orgasm subsided and holding my cock she led me to the shower, first she sat on the toilet and had a piss. "I needed that" she said, "I nearly peed on you downstairs while riding reverse cowboy. "
After we showered, we returned to the lounge, Pam made us a cup of tea and we sat together on the sofa and drank our tea. I put my arm around her, our bodies close together. "You do make my life interesting, meeting other nudists who will be strangers to me and having to see your ancient grandmother without her clothes on, well that will be different,"
"Don't worry, you'll come through it all just as you did last weekend, let's go to bed soon as we need to be on the road by 7.30 in the morning, we have to pick up my parents and it's a 3-hour drive to grannies nudist club, we want to get there before midday if we can," she said.
We went to bed about 10 and I set the alarm for 6am. Before we went to sleep, Pam said to me, "do you know what the best thing to happen to me today." I looked at her and shook my head. "There were two things, the first was when I saw your cock close up as you ejaculated, it was fantastic how your come sprayed out of your piss slit. It was the first time I've seen it when I wasn't coming myself, as if it were a clinical act and I was totally detached. I want to see it again.
"The second was when you put your fingers in my arsehole and finger fucked me, I've never felt like that before. Do you know you've never stuck your cock in my arsehole?"
I knew that of course but I don't know why. Maybe because of the association with homosexuality. I smiled at her and said I was tired and wanted to sleep. She nodded and made herself comfortable and was soon asleep.
The alarm woke me with a start, I had been in a deep sleep. Pam was still sleeping, so I left her and made us a cup of tea. I took the tea up to her, she was stirring as she woke up, maybe she heard the rattle of teacups.
"Good morning," she said, "that's what I really need." She sighed sleepily. She sat up and drank the tea, this revived her, and she bounded out of bed and went to the shower room, first to pee and then to shower.
We had a leisurely breakfast, toast and tea, then prepared for our trip. I was not looking forward to this weekend at all and having to put clothes on seemed a bind. I wore an old pair of shorts and a polo shirt with a pair of sandals.
Pam had on a tee shirt and a skirt that just covered her thighs. She must be careful getting into and out of the car as she had no knickers on, or bra. We drove to her parents' house in my Range Rover, it only took 30 minutes as the roads were empty at this time of a Sunday.
Her parents greeted us at their front door with a small overnight bag and their mother. Brenda's mother was looking good for her age, only a little over five foot tall but she was fit for an 82-year-old. She walked with a slight stoop but sprightly enough, her hair was white, but she dressed modern in a floral top and tight jeans that showed her slightly sagging arse.
"Hello young man, I hear you think I'm too old to be a naturist. Well, I've had my clothes off in more places than you've had hot dinners. And I intend to do so again as often as I can." she laughed. This little lady impressed me, she was feisty, and I could tell she had a great sense of humour.
"I can see we'll get along well," I replied, "granny" I finished off.
"Cheeky bugger" she said as she got in the car.
It was a three-hour drive to the club in Hampshire, but we had a good journey and arrived there just before lunch. The place was secluded, and a huge gate prevented anyone driving straight in. Betty told me to ring the bell and say that Betty Holness and party had arrived. After a few minutes a young lady came to the gate and approached the car, she was wearing a blue and white dress that showed off her figure, at a guess I would have said she wasn't wearing much else.
She looked inside the car and smiled as she saw Betty. "Hello Betty, nice to see you back so soon, this is your family I presume."
"Yes, this is my daughter and her husband, the young lady is my granddaughter, and the driver is her husband."
"That's great, I'll open the gate and you can drive to the office and get the formalities over with nice and quick; you know where the office is, don't you Betty?"
Betty nodded and the girl opened the gate and we drove in. The grounds were huge, we drove down a large driveway without seeing another human being, The club must have been a country estate at one time so large were the grounds.
At last, we saw buildings ahead and people, naked people. Betty pointed out the office and we parked up glad to stretch our legs and entered the office. An elderly man sat behind a desk, and he looked up as we entered. He stood up to greet us and revealed he was nude. "Come in, make yourself at home, this won't take long, we already know about Betty, don't we Betty?" Again, Betty nodded.
I'm Lester, the dogsbody and general factotum here, we just need your identity cards from your other clubs and someone to vouch for the man who isn't a member."
He looked at me as he the said that "It's normal procedure for anyone not a member until vetted. What Betty has told us about you, we could make an exception but then that could set a precedent the naturist community could regret.
The office work done, Betty vouched for me, and I had applied for membership, we were shown to our cabin by Lester. On the way we passed several nudists who called out to us as a welcome. The cabin only had two bedrooms, Pam and I had one, because as Charlie pointed out we are newlyweds.
Betty said, I'm pissed off being dressed for so long, I'm going to lose these duds now and with that she stripped off there and then.
For her age she seemed in remarkably good order. her stature was a little bit bent over and her tits drooped but her body skin was tight. Her bum was also droopy but still a nice shape and her fanny was covered with hair as white as that on her head. I had studied Betty as she stripped and hadn't noticed I was the only one still wearing clothes.
Betty asked me, "You've had a good look at me, do you think I'm an ancient granny too old to be a naturist?"
I was embarrassed because I had been caught out staring at her undressing and to compound matters my cock had got hard and was tenting my shorts Betty laughed at me watching my cock getting harder, "I've got my answer, thank you."
"Come on get naked," Pam ordered me.
"What right now," I whinged.
"Yes, of course now, granny has seen erections before and in any event, you are making the place untidy so get them off, now,"
I was furious with myself for getting aroused while Betty stripped off and also with Pam for making me expose myself to granny and my in laws.
I took my tee shirt off before lowering my shorts. when my shorts came off my cock sprang up like a coiled spring, bugger I thought.
Betty allowed herself a smug smile, "ancient am I." she muttered as she went with Brenda to make the tea.
There were enough comfortable chairs in the living room for us all to sit while drinking our tea. "When Lloyd is presentable, I'm taking him to meet some of my friends and show him what the club has to offer," Betty said. I looked aghast at her, being a naturist is really giving me a hard time, no pun intended. The ladies looked at each other, trying not to smirk.
Charlie said that was a good idea, "the sooner you circulate in the nudist world the sooner you will acclimatise to it, there is no shame in showing a reaction to seeing attractive ladies, textiles do it all the time, but nobody notices. I had erections when Brenda and I first went socialising nude, come to think of it, I still do."
"Clothed or not women attract men, it's natural," he finished.
"Come on" Betty said, "time for the great outdoors." With that she opened the door and beckoned me. I got up from my chair and followed her outside.
She took me to the club house which was situated about 100 yards from the cabin. We met two couples who knew Betty and I was introduced. Betty told them this was my first experience of nudism and both couples wished me well.
The first couple were in their early sixties and looked very healthy with their all over tans. The man, Tony, was a stockbroker in the city, but he was tall and lean and totally at ease with his body. His wife, Lisa, was shorter than him but she had a full, almost matronly body. Her boobs drooped a little and her rounded stomach decidedly showed that she had lived well. She was also comfortable in her nudity.
The second pair were in their early forties. He was a doctor and she a nurse. Once again, they were comfortable talking to Betty in their undressed state.
I asked Betty why both couples were carrying towels. Betty explained that a golden rule of nudist clubs was no one sat on any seat without using a towel for hygienic reasons. Failure to do so would result in expulsion from the club.
We entered the club house which was furnished luxuriously with a long drinks bar and tables. The armchairs were comfortable, and many members were using them, some with a glass in hand. Some were dressed but most were not. I met the barman, the most important member of staff in any club and spoke to some of the members before being taken to the pool area.
Betty seemed to know most of the staff and members but there was one elderly man who was special. We met him near the pool and after being introduced I noticed the atmosphere between them.
Betty's mood softened when speaking to him, John, that's his name, was a good-looking man about Bettys age who said that he had been a member for years and carried on the naturist lifestyle after his wife passed away three years ago.
Betty, he said, had helped him after the death of his wife in his time of grief. Their friendship had strengthened, and he and Betty were special friends.
After we left John, I asked Betty if they were an item. She coyly replied, "yes, but don't tell my daughter, she was very close to her father."
"Your secret is safe with me, but I think Brenda would understand, is it serious?"
Betty nodded. "We share a cabin, discreetly, sometimes. Sex is borderline, John has the problems of old men, but we use sex aids, and we get some pleasure from them"
"I'm proud of you Betty, you are an amazing lady"
She smiled "not as ancient as you thought, young man."
I bowed to her in acknowledgement of her riposte. This is one special lady I thought.
We continued our tour, one naked granny and a nude young man of 24 years, in a companionable silence.
After Betty had shown me the facilities we returned to our cabin. As we approached it I stopped and kissed Betty on the cheek. "Tell your family about John, I'm sure they will be happy for you."
She nodded her head and went into the cabin.
Pam and her parents were seated comfortably. "Well," Pam said, "did you enjoy the tour of the resort?"
I replied in the affirmative, smiling to myself, adding that Betty was a wonderful guide. I looked across to Betty who smiled but said nothing.
We lunched on sandwiches Brenda had made before we picked them up and then went outside to swim in the pool. I was feeling OK moving among other naked people. It was interesting to note the variety of body shapes that I encountered, from the very fat to the very skinny, tall, short men and women. All with different features but with one thing in common. They were shameless in their nakedness.
The pool felt welcoming, this was the first time I had swam nude and the feeling was one of absolute freedom. I left the pool and dried myself before collapsing into a very comfortable poolside chair. Then I dozed off in the warm afternoon sun.
Pam woke me later and I found that I had been covered by a towel. "The sun is too strong to sleep naked, you'll burn if not careful." she said.
I thanked her and asked if all was alright. She nodded and said that I was suddenly her grandmother's favourite man. "What did you say or do to her."
I said I had no idea, but I was glad that her grandmother approved of me and that I thought she was a very remarkable old lady.
We lounged around the pool for a while longer giving me time to note my companions. Everyone carried on as casually as if they were at a textile pool, there was no overt or covert sexual activity, in fact there seemed to be less than I've seen at a textile poolside.
I realised that nudists don't flirt as openly as textiles do, probably it is the absence of clothing that stops that.
Men resting on the chairs had their penises resting on their thighs softly, and the women lay on their back with their breasts either pointing at the sky or drooping down the side of their chests depending on the size. Most of the women had their legs slightly akimbo, not showing their vaginas but allowing the sun to tan all of their thighs. The happy but low sounding chatter made for a very cosy environment.
After retiring to the cabin, we all donned a item of clothing in order to eat in the clubhouse. Charlie and I wore a pair of shorts and the ladies' knickers or bikini bottoms. It is the custom at mealtimes for nudist to wear something, it seems that food and genitalia don't mix at the dinner table, and it gives somewhere to carry money to pay for meals and drinks. The ladies went topless.
The meal was delicious, Charlie and I had a steak and the ladies had Caesar salad and salmon. A bottle and a half of Australian red helped to wash the food down. We retired to the cabin in a tired but happy mood.
Pam and I went to our bedroom after showering and promptly fell asleep, it had been a long day and we were knackered.
I woke at 8.30am to find Pam staring at me. "So how did your first day at a nudist camp go? she asked, "I know that granny has become a fan of you, don't know why yet but someday I'll find out."
"I think I've had a good day, not many erections to embarrass me and I've felt very relaxed." I replied.
"Not many erections," she murmured to herself, "hope that's not a sign of trouble". She grasped my cock and rubbed it to make it hard, "no problem there then" she said relieved.
Having got me hard she placed her mouth over my cockhead and sucked me putting my cock deeper into her throat till she almost gagged. With her hand on my balls, she moved her mouth up and down my shaft sucking hard. I warned her that I was close to ejaculating.
She removed her mouth from my throbbing cock and started to wank me with her hand, staring at my cock intensely. Harder and harder her hand stroked me till I felt my balls begin to empty up to my piss slit. Pam pulled my foreskin down just as I came.
Come spurted out of my piss slit and hit her in her face, three times straight into her face. The fourth stream she allowed to cover her tits. Her sigh of satisfaction was deep as she watched my cock soften.
"Told you I wanted to do that again, didn't I? it's really awesome to see."
"That's alright for me but it will take a time before I'll be hard again to fuck you." I replied.
"That's OK, I'm going to show you something right now." Pam said as she sat on the bed with her legs wide apart facing me. She stuck two fingers of her right hand into her fanny and started to frig herself and with her left hand she squeezed and pulled on her clitoris all the time looking into my eyes.
I watched her fingers as they pushed deep in and out of her cunt, faster and faster till she gasped, "I'm coming, oh my God, I'm coming." Still looking me in the eye she had one gigantic orgasm causing a stream of translucent come to squirt from her fanny almost reaching me where I sat.
She shuddered for several seconds causing her body to shake uncontrollably till her orgasm died down. Then she lay back on the bed for a while, legs wide open, sighing with satisfaction.
"Well, what do you think about that?" she asked breathlessly.
"I must confess that's the first time I've seen anything like that, do you do that often?"
"Do you not approve of that kind of behaviour. You made do that last week, remember"
"It was interesting and very, very sexy." I answered.
She smiled and said that she needed a shower, The shower room was between the bedrooms, so she had to leave the bedroom and hope no one was in the living room to see her. She poked her head outside the door, found the room was empty and scuttled to the shower room.
After she showered, she told me the coast was clear and that I had better clean up. We don't want the rest of the family to know we have just had sex.
Just as I left the bedroom Betty entered the living room, looked at me and smiled to herself. Embarrassed, I hastily rushed into the shower room and destroyed the evidence of my morning exertions.
After my shower, Pam and I went into the living room where Charlie, Brenda and Betty were deciding about breakfast. Brenda had brought a few cereals but there was no milk. They had used what little Brenda had brought with her.
Between them they decided that I should go to the camp shop and purchase enough milk for our meal. I picked up my shorts but was stopped from wearing them, just take enough cash, you don't need to dress up to go to the shop.
I gingerly opened the cabin door, noticed there was no one about so I scuttled quickly to the shop. Entering the shop, I saw there were several people there buying foodstuff and newspapers.
I looked around, found the milk and took a container with 4 pints of milk to the checkout. I had to queue behind a rather large lady with a full shopping basket. Her nude body was quivering as she unloaded the basket to pay the shop assistant and place the goods into a canvas bag.
When she had gone, I paid for my milk and rushed back to the cabin. Charlie greeted me by saying, "I meant to ask you to get a newspaper, would you mind going back and getting me the Mail, (a British newspaper)?"
I shrugged my shoulders. I knew that this was another ploy to get me used to mixing with other nudists, so I strolled to the shop this time. There was more activity now, people were going about their normal holiday business. All of them greeted me with a cheerful good morning. A fifty something aged lady stopped and introduced herself and that she hadn't seen me there before.
This is my first visit I told her, and I was finding my way around. "That's great, we need more younger members, hope you enjoy yourself and come again," she said with a big smile and went on her way.
I got the paper for Charlie and returned to the cabin. They were sitting at the small table eating cereals and drinking. The English never go far without teabags. "What's on the menu for today," I asked nobody in particular.
"The weather forecast is good for today, there's talk of a barbie this evening but will be too late for us. We must leave here before that as Lloyd has to work tomorrow," Pam stated. "I'm hoping to get a game of tennis this morning if I can get somebody to play with."
Brenda volunteered to play; she may be past her best but seemed sure she could beat her daughter. I offered to umpire the game, I had learned enough from watching Wimbledon to understand the rules.
It was an interesting game, Brenda won easily much to Pams disgust, but I had difficulty umpiring the game. This was the first time I had watched two women playing a hard physical game in the nude. Female flesh moves wonderfully while running around a tennis court naked and I had to resist the erotic urges I was feeling.
The ladies went back to the cabin to shower away the sweat they had worked up while playing. I wandered over to the pool area but there were questions I needed answering.
When I returned to the cabin everybody was relaxing with a cup of tea. I made myself a cup and joined them.
I said to no one in particular, "how did you all become nudists, I know about Pam and a bit about Betty. Nudism isn't something that is common is this country, as far as I know. My family certainly are not as far as I know.
Charlie spoke up, " as far as you know is the operative phase. For example, you didn't know Pam was a nudist until a couple of weeks ago, you didn't know that Brenda and I are, and you seemed appalled when you found out that the ancient granny you first met at your wedding is."
That brought a huge smile on Bettys face.
Charlies' words hit home; he was absolutely right. As far as I know there were no nudists, then I remember Pam telling me that nudists do not advertise the fact for whatever reason. I sat there in silence lost in my own thoughts.
"Let this ancient nudist tell you about me," Betty said. "I believe that Pam has told you about me and when I started stripping off. In the early days It wasn't easy. The late 1940's and early 1950's were very staid times and most people were getting over the war. Rationing was still on some items of foodstuff.
Like a lot of women, I lost a lot of my inhibitions during the war so when my husband told me he was naked in his flat after work I decided I would join him."
"I had married late in life to George, and I adored my husband it seemed to be the thing to do."
I enjoyed the lifestyle, and we spent as much time as we could at the nudist club. We were fortunate to have an assistant, Mary, working in the shop, a lady who had lost her husband during the war, that we could trust running the shop when we had our holidays.
Brenda came along unexpectedly; I was 37 years old by then but after trying for a child for so long it brought great joy to us."
George insisted that I no longer work because of my age and asked Mary to work full time. I still never dressed while at home, it seemed to please George as my pregnancy went along.
We still had a few holidays after Brenda arrived as most nudist clubs encourage families but when she was 4 years old, we decided that we would become textiles. At least until she was tucked up in bed.
We were worried in case Brenda would tell her friends when she started school that mummy and daddy never wore clothes. We were worried in case social services became involved and could take our baby away from us.
We were still able to go away for the odd weekend as Mary was more than happy to look after Brenda.
In 1975 when Brenda was 18, we decided to tell her that we were nudists and had been for most of our lives. She smiled and said she knew; she had vague recollections of us all being nude when she was a little girl and how we went on holiday where nobody was dressed.
"I got up one night for a drink of water and saw you both watching the telly without your clothes on, you looked so cute I didn't want to disturb you, so I crept back to my bedroom." Brenda said
"I did this on a couple of more occasions to see if that was your normal way of living which proved to me it was."
"As I got older, I went to my room to study I undressed, and when it was time for bed I put on my nightie and dressing gown and went into the living room to kiss you both goodnight. Then I took off my clothes and went to bed."
George and I were surprised by Brendas reply. "How do you feel about us? Do you feel disgusted by our lifestyle?" I asked her.
"Mum, I love you and I empathise with you entirely; your lifestyle is for you, you are entitled to live exactly as you want. You are fantastic parents who have given me a great start in life so whatever you do is OK with me."
We hugged, both of us near to tears, Brenda was such a wonderful daughter that the relief I felt hearing her words did bring tears to my eyes.
After we calmed down, Brenda went to bed and George and I spoke about our feelings. We both agreed that we were lucky people to have such an understanding daughter and we were very proud of her. We went to bed happy parents.
Two days later we were relaxing watching telly when Brenda came home after being out with her girlfriends as Charlie was at uni. She greeted us with a smile, "Hello, have you stopped being nudists?" she asked.
We replied in the negative, Brenda raised her eyebrows and went to her bedroom. When she returned to the living room, she was naked. "Come on," she said, "live your life as you want."
We looked at each other, shrugged our shoulders, and removed our dressing gowns. "Thank God," George said, "at last.
We sat watching telly for abut 30 minutes before Brenda stood up, kissed both of us and wished us goodnight. That completed another phase in our lives, from that day we never wore clothes indoors again.
"Basically, that is how I became a nudist," Betty said.
Brenda cleared her throat and continued "My story is a little different, Charlie and I were sweethearts since our school days. He was a year ahead of me and I knew he had ambitions to be an accountant. We hung out with our friends until we wanted to be alone."
It was when I turned sixteen that Charlie and I got serious. Sixteen in the UK is the age of consent, but both our parents were worried that we spent so much time together.
When we were on our own Charlie and I did some heavy necking, Charlie would cup my breasts which. I enjoyed the touch of Charlies hand on my breasts and I allowed him to continue.
Charlie interrupted Brenda, "Yes I was allowed to touch her naked breasts, but my penis got hard and Brenda would sometimes stroke me off but mostly I relieved myself in my bathroom at home."
Brenda smiled a secret smile to herself. "my mother asked me if I was aware of the facts of life."
This made Betty smile and she said," I was concerned that the two of them were getting serious, but Brenda assured me that schools taught girls about the "birds and bees" which was a euphemism for sex lessons. She also told me she was still a virgin and intended to be on her wedding night. I asked her to go on the pill just in case."
Brenda carried on with her story. "I never did go on the pill even though our petting was getting heavier. That was a mistake."
Charlie went to university to obtain his goal of becoming an accountant while I finished school. I would go to a uni later to study I didn't yet know what.
My mother confessed to being a naturist on my eighteenth birthday, something that didn't surprise me, and I eventually joined them a few days later.
When term time finished Charlie took me to an Italian restaurant to celebrate my belated eighteenth birthday. He picked me up from home and drove to the nearest town where he had booked a table.
After we sat down at our table, he ordered a red wine for both of us. I was now old enough by law to consume alcohol. I sipped it but wasn't impressed.
Brenda said nervously, "Charlie, I've a confession to make. My parents have been naturists for years, I knew it years ago, but they only admitted to me personally on my last birthday and I've joined them."
She looked at Charlie wondering what his response would be.
"Does that mean I can see you naked?" he asked expectantly.
I replied in the affirmative stipulating that he became a naturist himself. He just nodded and suggested we ordered some food.
We enjoyed our meal and then went for a ride to the local lover's lane. We had sex in the car, it wasn't comfortable, but we consummated our love.
Charlie went back to university, and I continued with my studies until I missed my first period, then the next. I told my parents, and they were very supportive, contacting Charlie.
Charlie was overjoyed with the news that he was going to be a father and proposed to me.
I accepted, we had been an item for years and we both knew we would marry one day. My pregnancy only brought our union sooner than I planned.
We had a registry wedding with a few friends followed by a meal at our local where Charlie and I spent our wedding night together.
Charlie continued his studies, and I returned home with my parents. We carried on at home as we had since my last birthday, nude. Seven months later I gave birth to Julie. Followed two years later by Pam.
Charlie visited when he could, and we slept together in my room. By now Charlie had become a nudist, at least when he was with me. He found it a bit daunting facing his naked in laws at first, but he eventually got used to it.
As neither Charlie nor I had any income we lived with our respective parents. It wasn't until he got his degree and was head hunted by a large firm of accountants that we could rent a house to call our home.
"That's my story," Brenda quoted, "We had the same problem bringing up our girls as my parents did bringing me up, scared in case social services learned that we were exposing our children to the naturist lifestyle."
So that sorted out how my in laws were naturists and I wondered how my parents would feel if they knew that I had become one.
We all lunched at the clubhouse and spent the afternoon at the swimming pool just chilling out. We had a drink in the clubhouse before returning to our homes. Overall it had been good at the club, I was getting used to all the naked bodies around me.
Betty and I had become good friends although I still wondered how a naked granny and me could become so companionable. Personally I adored Betty by now and later when she passed away I was inconsolable for a long time. But that was years in the future, until then I enjoyed her company very much.
I dropped off my in laws and half an hour later Pam and I were home again. We both stripped off, made a cup of tea and sat in the lounge glad to be home again.
"Well," Pam asked, "how did you really feel about our week end at the naturist club, be honest with me."
I told her that I really, really enjoyed it. I said that I'm comfortable being naked in front of her parents and that her granny was a star as far as I was concerned. "Now I'm wondering what else you are going to subject me to."
Nothing much, my parents have a circle of friends they would like to introduce us to, they are, of course, nudists, and they meet up regularly. Sometimes they meet at nudists clubs or entertain at home with parties and dinners. It's all very laid back and not as textiles may suggest. There is no wife swapping or orgies, we behave as ordinary people do at gatherings, the difference being that we leave all our clothes at the door and not just our coats.
I heard what Pam said and waited for her next statement which I felt would surprise me.
"Charlies friend, Tommy Hyland, is arranging a nudist walking tour in the Austrian Alps next month and Charlie asked if we would like to go." Pam stated, looking at me quizzically.
Although I expected something different I was still shocked at the suggestion. "Do people really do that?" I asked.
"Yes of course, the Germans and Austrians are the best naturists ever and are finding new ways to enjoy their lifestyles. There are countries in Europe that have taken up naturism in a big way, the Swedish and Finnish as well as the French have nudists resorts where clothing is optional and where clothing is totally banned." she said.
"That is all very well, do I have to answer now? We are very busy at work and getting time off may be difficult. Give me the dates and I'll think very hard about it" I replied.
She nodded her agreement, smiled at me and got up from her chair and sat on my lap. I felt her hot fanny on my groin so I grabbed her tits in my hands and massaged them, paying attention to her beautiful nipples.
I tweaked her nipples causing her to wriggle her hot, wet cunt against my cock which was getting hard. Suddenly she rose from my lap and knelt in front of me and placed her mouth over my rock hard cock, taking into her throat as far as she could, sucking and fondling my balls.
I couldn't hold out much longer so I stopped her and withdrew my cock from her mouth. She moaned softly as I gently pushed her onto the carpet. I opened her legs and knelt in front of her and stuck my tongue into her sopping wet cunt while touching her arsehole with my fingers.
She was breathing heavily by now and I knew she was close to an orgasm. I lifted her legs over my shoulders and penetrated her fully and fucked her as hard as I could. We came together with huge orgasms that trembled our bodies violently. I collapsed on top of her totally exhausted while her legs went round my waist and held me close to her allowing my ejaculations to pump deep inside her body.
We lay like that for several seconds sweat pouring out of our naked bodies that were still coupled together in a post coitus embrace. Eventually when my cock softened and slipped out of her we parted our bodies and I stood up and pulled Pam up and led her to the shower.
Pam and I went to bed tired and happy, we lay in bed our naked bodies touching as we fell asleep. So ended my first week as a naturist.