We walk out the front door and down the steps of the canal house to street level, waiting for the family chauffeur.
"Well, that wasn't at all awkward!" I say to Saskia as soon as the front door closes.
She laughs, pulls me to her, and kisses me on the lips. "You made quite an impression, I think, Nicky, although it's unseemly to get as drunk as you did in front of somebody else's parents."
I smile at that comment, playing back in my mind how badly Saskia behaved at her parents' house.
"Anwyay, they're flying off somewhere later today, so it was good we left when we did, or we would have had to have made our own way home so the driver could take them to the airport."
"I hope we didn't forget anything?" I ask, smiling.
"Your CKs are in my handbag, the shirt is in the bin in my bedroom, if that's what you mean."
What I obviously want to know is whether she remembered her toy. Rather than ask again, I run my hand down her back, leaning in to kiss some more. My hand comes to rest on the gluteal fold between her buttocks and the top of her thigh. As we kiss, a finger probes her bum crack until I'm satisfied I know where the plug is. As my finger runs across the base of her plug tugging it gently, Saskia breaths in deeply.
As we kiss, the car appears and the chauffeur hops smartly out the car. Saskia lifts one leg into the car as she waits for the gull-wing doors of the Tesla to work their magic.
With the door fully open, she ducks slightly, shifting her weight to the foot on the floor of the car as she prepares to get in. It was then that it happened.
When you get into a gull-winged car you enter a limbo-land just briefly. There's a transition point where you're not sitting and you're not standing. Rather you're in a squat position with legs bent and wide, apart, one foot on the pavement, the other in the footwell of the car.
It was at that precise moment that I hear a clatter of rubber at my feet. I look down to see that the butt plug has popped out her arse, and is lying on the street. The ever-diligent chauffeur assumes that something has fallen out of her handbag. In a reflex action, he steps forward to retrieve the wayward object, bending to pick up whatever he sees.
His brain clicks into gear slowly so he's already half bent over as his eyes make contact with the object on the ground. When he's aware of what's lying there, he stands back up trying not to look startled by clearly stoney faced. Now all the three of us are staring at the ground looking at the butt plug. Our heads go up and then we stare at each other. Then we go back to staring at the object on the ground which is quite obviously a large pink sex toy.
"Jesus fucking Christ!" shouts Saskia exasperated, "are all the men around me completely fucking useless? Haven't you ever seen a dildo before?"
With that she leans out of the car and picks the plug up off the street. I laugh loudly, trying to cover my embarrassment at the absurdity of what I've just seen by turning it into a joke.
I jump in the car the other side and we set off home.
"Classy!" I say, kissing Saskia on the cheek as I say so.
"Kut butt plug!" Is all I hear in response. I laugh as she handles it, holding it up and giggling as she curses her misfortune.
I lean in to kiss her. Saskia is pissed and horny so as she slides her tongue into my mouth. She reaches down to rub my cock. Due to our previous antics I'm commando, so enjoy the sensation of her hand close to my cock. The tips of her tantalising fingers are just a single layer of fabric away from me.
As she kisses me, she slides down the car seat until her knees are touching the seat in front. Her legs open and she pulls up her dress, butt plug in hand. I have a sense I know exactly where its going. I can see what she's doing and watch as she dips her fingers in her pussy, using the juice to lubricate the butt plug. Then she tilts her hips up and slides the plug back into her bum, moaning loudly at the pleasure of feeling full again. She then licks her fingers clean before d kissing me. Sure enough, I taste her pussy juice on her tongue, and I savour the moment of dirty intimacy with my lover.
Saskia clearly isn't done so she kisses down my chest as she unbuttons my trousers and pulls my zip down, allowing my hardening cock to pop out. She then goes down on me in the back of the car teasing my balls as she does so. I look left and right -- we're at traffic lights and the town is busy with pedestrians. I'm glad that the windows are tinted, or her cock sucking would be on full display.
I then look forward and see that the chauffeur is watching us. He's got the rear-view mirror tilted down to maximise his view and I notice that whilst one hand is on the steering wheel, the other is rubbing his cock. I hold his gaze, but this time he makes no attempt to avert his eyes. Rather he fixes his stare on me as Saskia sucks me off, head cocked and smiling as he watches her at work.
The exhibitionist in me is loves this, so I make a show of it, pulling back Saskia's hair to make sure he can see my cock in her mouth. The geometry of the situation makes it difficult for me to do too much to Saskia, but I manage to grab onto and pull her dress up exposing her body up to her midriff. Me and the chauffeur can both see that she isn't wearing panties and that she is fingering her shaved pussy as she sucks me off. I wink at the chauffeur, allow myself a wry smile as I watch him watching us.
I start to groan, a little theatrically at first, and done to make the driver acutely aware of what he's missing. But as I do it, am overwhelmed by the dirtiness of the situation so my groans become authentic, more heartfelt and intense. I feel myself edging close to orgasm once again and keep staring at our driver as I get closer to release.
Saskiahas upped her tempo, playing my cock frantically with one hand as she goes to work with her mouth. My eyes crimp, my mouth opens and I struggle to keep eye contact with the driver as I come. I shoot a load into Saskia's mouth and feel pulse after pulse enter her as ejaculate sprays out of me.
Whilst Saskia is usually a diligent cock sucker, the limited movement possible in the back seat of the car combined with her drunkenness means that she's spilled some cum from her mouth. As she kisses me I notice ropes of cum across her cheek and splashes on the blouse of hers that I'm wearing. She licks her face, using her fingers scoop up and swallow the wayward ejaculate.
It is whilst kissing me, Saskia notices that the driver is watching us.
She stops what she is doing and snaps at him, "Have you been watching us? Have you? You little pervert!"
He stutters, protesting his innocence and looking to me for reassurance, or a sign that I knew he was in on the act. I stare blankly ahead, failing to give him what he needs.
Saskia's voice rises. "You fucking pervert. You were aways the same! You started working for my parents when I turned 18. I remember it well since I was still living at at home. How many times did you appear at the door of the gym, by the pool, or on the roof when I was sunbathing. I've seen the way you look at me!"
Again, he tries to appease her, but Saskia is having none of it. She reaches forward and rubs his crotch.
"See!" she says. "See, you're hard! As hard as fuck in fact. You were rubbing your cock whilst you watched us! weren't you?"
Her question is answered with silence so she turns to me and asks, "Was he watching, Nicky?"
I answer matter of factly, "Yes Saskia. He saw you. Everything you did. From when you put your butt plug back in. He watched as you sucked my cock. I think he enjoyed the size of my dick to be honest. And his eyes widened with delight as he saw you take me balls deep."
I'm smiling now, reliving the moment of exhibitionism I just experienced.
"To be honest Saskia, the reason I came so fucking hard was because I knew he was getting off on watching you suck cock."
This turns things around instantly - Saskia's now in on it. She rubs his cock some more, and then unzips his trousers as he drives. We're literally a minute from our apartment and driving slowly down the side of a canal as Saskia wanks him. She's leaning forward and I can see that she's enjoying having another man's dick in her hand.
"So?" she asks, "did you enjoy watching me suck my boyfriend off?"
"Yes, I did. In fact, I loved it," he replies truthfully. We're at a road junction now and there are pedestrians all around us. I'm sure that anyone who looked in could see Saskia jerking her chauffeur.
"Tell me! Did you watch me when I lived at home? When I was naked in the home jacuzzi or sunbathing naked on the rooftop beside the pool?"
His breath is quickening, at Saskia's touch and the dirty deliciousness of having his employer's daughter touch him.
"Yes, all the time. I watched you whenever I could, madam."
As Saskia pumped his cock, he told her little vignettes from the past. How he watched her masturbating herself beside the pool. Listening at the door of her bedroom when she was fucking her boyfriend. How he'd take her panties out the wash basket so her could play with them before doing the laundry.
"And?" says Saskia, as she ups the tempo on his cock. "And, did it make you hard? When you touched my dirty panties? Did you just touch them or did you sniff them? Or did you do something else? Did you wank over them, did you cum on my panties before you washed them?"
"Yes." he replied breathlessly, "Yes, I did madam. All the time! I couldn't help myself"
Saskia retrieves my boxers from her handbag. The car is now stopped outside the apartment and we were ready to get out. But Saskia wasn't done yet.
My underwear is still damp and smells of sex from our earlier fucking. She grabs his cock again and squeezes him whilst she shoves the pants in his mouth. The traffic is backing up behind us in the narrow one-way street. A car toots its horn.
"This is what my cunt tastes like now when I've had sex," she tells him, stuffing as much of my boxers in as she can. "Does it smell the same as when I was living at home? Do you remember the smell of my used cunt?"
"Yes, mistress," her replies. "I remember that sweet odour very well."
She continues to masturbate him as she does this, stroking his thick cock hard and fast. Cyclists and pedestrians bunch up as they squeeze into the small gap between the car and the house.
"And that's what made you come back then, wasn't it? The smell of my dirty 18-year-old cunt after I'd fucked someone? The smell of pussy juice mixed with man jizz?"
His eyes are closed tight as he relives the memory of sniffing and coming on her panties before doing the washing. I can see he's close and desperately needs relief.
A 'bierfiets' is stuck in the traffic behind us now. Literally translated as a 'beer bike', it's a mode of transport that is mainly hired by the stag and hen parties that fly into Amsterdam from the UK and other parts of Europe. About the size of a car, the bierfiets has four wheels and seats around a dozen people. The guests sit facing inwards on bike saddles. There are pedals to power the vehicle. In the middle there's a beer barrel, and a normal tap from which you can help yourself to as much beer as you can drink during your journey. The guys on the bike are drunk and impatient, wanting to get past so they can continue on their way. They're chanting loudly, clearly enjoying their day out.
One of them shouts out "I'm the Best Man! I'll get the fuckers to move!" at the top of his voice. This idea is met with a cheer by his mates.
Saskia is still masturbating the driver when he appears at the window. He knocks playfully, looking in and starts to speak when he sees what's going on.
Saskia asks the chauffeur again, "Is the smell of my cunt the same as when I was living at home?"
She masturbates him furiously as she asks, but he still doesn't reply, rather his eyes are glued shut, his body tensed.
The best man does a double-take, frozen by the scene in front of him. Whilst Amsterdam is known globally as a city where everything goes, it's not everyday you see a chauffeur being jerked by his client in a car on a public road. After a few moments hesitation, he shouts across to his mates, "Over here guys! You've fucking got to see this!" A drunken scrabble of men dismount the beer bike and make their way to the car.
"Was it just my panties you wanked over?" she demands as she plays with his cock. The boxers are still in his mouth and I can see that he is enjoying the smell and taste of our sex on the fabric.
The men from the stag party surround the car, peering in through the window; a loud cheer goes up. A dozen faces are pushed against the glass egging Saskia on.
"No madam," replies the chauffeur. "I did the same to your mother's panties too. Her knickers were more elegant, more lacy and sophisticated that yours. And when I was feeling particularly horny, I'd put her panties over my cock when I was wanking, and come over the whole wash basket."
Reliving the memory tipped him over the edge. His body juddered as he started to shoot his load. Saskia squeezed and wanked his cock as he came, showing him no mercy. Rather she wanted him to feel a sense of shame and humiliation at being jerked off in front of a crowd of pissed up tourists.
As he started to unload, another cheer went up, louder and more raucous than before. The men started banging on the windows and hooting with laughter at what they saw.
This was no ordinary load either. Many years of secret fantasies, his voyeurism, his fascination with the laundry pile, the enjoyment he got from sniffing and ejaculating on my girlfriend's clothes filled his head. He erupted with force, shooting huge fountains of cum.
But Saskia wasn't going to let him off with a quick handjob. Rather than point his cock at his chest to limit the mess, Saskia played fireman. She deliberately pointed it one way then the other as jet after jet of cum exploded out his cock head. I could see him looking down, tense and horrified at what was happening, yet powerless to control his orgasm.
By the time Saskia had finished wanking him there was ejaculate everywhere. Ropes of cum soiled his clothes, trailed across the driver's side window, and dripped from the steering wheel. Saskia had even managed to spread his cum onto the car's touchscreen computer system.
He moaned loudly as the last of his stream jetted out of his cock, landing on the centre console and the passenger seat. He opened his eyes, surveying the mess of his own making with horror.
Outside the boys were at fever pitch as they watched the scene unfold. Saskia looked up, smiling at them, pleased at her handy work and enjoying her moment in the limelight. She held her hand up, showing them how it too had been left smeared with cum. With a big cheeky grin on her face, she moved as if to lick her hand clean. This met with an approving roar from the lads. Her hand hovered by her open mouth, her tongue reaching forward expectedly.
At the last moment she cocked her head, a mischievous grin creasing across her face. Rather than licking her hand clean, she wiped it across the chauffeur's face. The men outside roared with laughter, clapping and cheering at what they witnessed.
"Out!" barked Saskia to the driver, who pushes a button on the console.
The gull-wing doors lift open. We step out into the baying crowd of lads.
Saskia leans back into the car, barking at the driver, "Clean yourself up you fucking cretin! My parents are waiting for you to take them to the airport!"
The presence of Saskia on the street immediately quietens the baying mob. The bravado that was possible when the window of a locked car formed a barrier between performer and audience was gone. In her heels Saskia stands around 2m tall, so towers over the stag party. They smile nervously at her, not sure what to do next.
"We're done!" shouts Saskia, pointing the men in the direction that they appeared from. They meekly return to their beer bike, realising that play time was over. The chauffeur drives off, allowing us free passage to the safety of the apartment.