The stories in this series are going to vary in length and sexiness. It all depends on the cards chosen for the challenge. All of the challenges were developed, and agreed upon by us. We consider everything described to be happening between consensual adults.
Most of these stories are for our enjoyment, and we enjoy sharing that which turns us on. Perhaps, you can develop your own challenges. Go ahead and use ours if you wish. We are not claiming any ownership of ideas shared within these challenges.
We hope you enjoyed the first challenge.
*****
I watch the card walk away, carried by her right hand. Which one did she pick? I only wonder a moment, then thank my lucky stars she is enjoying this game.
I watch her naked ass jiggle as she enters the bedroom. I knew she was ready for another challenge when she walked out naked and asked for a card. She actually challenged me to create more, so I've been racking my brain for whatever fun it can create. The internet is a big help. I'm sure I'll find something there.
Anyway, the door opens. She walks out still naked, holding 2 ziploc bags. Hot damn!
"Choose a bag." She directs.
I choose Bag A.
And there is her ass once again, wandering back to our bedroom.
So, there are a few of these cards which require a bag of clothing to be chosen. I'll see which one in a moment.
She walks out, still naked, Bag A in hand.
"Carwash!!" she says, throwing my board shorts at me.
I strip down to just my t-shirt and put on the board shorts. She opens the bag and pulls out the contents. I know right away. It's an old t-shirt with the arms ripped off, and a pair of crotch less panties. She gets dressed. The arms are ripped off in such a way as to show sideboob, AKA my favorite view. The panties are a nice soft lace, and really resemble shorts until you get up close. I find my sandals, and we head to the garage.
While we drive to the local car wash, let me explain. There is a self-serve car wash nearby. I have always fantasized about sex in a car wash. So, here we go.
It's a pretty simple plan. Park inside the bay. Soap up the car. Open the doors on the car. Fuck her brains out. Simple.
It's a beautiful afternoon, with sunshine and not a cloud in sight. The drive turns up the heat. She puts her feet on the dash, and her pussy comes into view. She begins to glisten in the sunlight. I haven't touched her and she is already wet.
Approaching the carwash, it is apparent we will have to go to Plan B. It's got a line, of all things, at several bays. I'm sure we should head down the road to another spot. She agrees.
As we head down the road, the sun pours in the windshield. She pulls off her shirt, leans the seat back all the way, and I devour her with my eyes.
The next carwash is a much better scene. We find a bay in the middle right away. I pull the car in and kill the engine. She pulls her shirt on and leans up to see the bank of vacuums completely full.
I get out and head to the coin machine. 10 bucks should do the trick. I gather the coins and head back. Turning the corner, I'm surprised to see her outside the car. She has opened the door and is standing there looking at me. The street traffic can see her until I block their view. She puts her left hand on the top of her door, and her other hand on the top of the car. She then slowly lowers her ass toward the ground. The shirt rises. Her legs part. I stop in my tracks.
Just as quickly, she rises and laughs and gets into her seat. I stop at the control box and put in money to start the wash. I'll start by rinsing, then soap up the car. She closes her door.
I work my way around the car completely and then open her door when I get to it so I can rinse off the roof. I step up onto the floor board and start aim the hose at the roof.
She bites my cock thru my shorts. And then, she puts her hand up my shorts and squeezes my balls. The blood begins to flow even more. I better step down, but she doesn't let go. I do so, anyway.
"Time for the soap," I say.
She lets go, and I change the settings on the control box to the foam brush. I get the brush and begin putting foam all over the car. I work my around, scrubbing the running boards free of dirt, and then covering the windows completely.
As I get around, I notice she has changed positions. Her head is near the steering wheel, and her knees rise just above the level of the windows. I have one last window to soap up: hers. As I get to it, I see the magnificence of her pussy between her knees.
I soap up her window. I open both her door and the passenger door and step up to foam the roof. I can feel her feet work themselves into my shorts and begin to caress my cock. I step down once I am finished with the roof.
She quickly scoots forward in her seat and lets her feet fall down to the running boards. Now, she can support herself. With her knees bent, she brings her pussy forward toward me and rubs herself on my shorts.
Suddenly, she sits up. She grabs the waist of my shorts and pulls them down to expose my hardening cock. It doesn't take long to come to attention. Then, she grabs my ass and pulls me into her.
I look toward the vacuums. I am certain all anyone can see is the car covered in soap and me working the foam brush on the roof. I continue brushing what parts of the car I can from this position.
This is pretty great. My wife is fucking me from inside the car. She knows I won't last long so she is grinding on me pretty quickly. Suddenly, she takes off her shirt with one hand. Now for sure, I won't last long as I reach down to squeeze a nipple. She pinches her other nipple with her free hand.
Then, she stops.
"Go around to the other side". She says. Then, she turns over. Good gosh, I love that ass.
I pull up my shorts, close both doors, and head around the car. The brush is still spitting foam all over the place.
I open the driver's door and the other passenger door. I resume foaming that side of the roof from the driver's side opening.
Again, she pulls down my shorts and begins sucking my cock. She starts slowly, then gets on elbows and knees and works me over really well. Her ass is sticking up in the air. It would be quite the scene if all of the foam ran off the windows.
Stopping, she says, "There's too many people here. Let's head home."
"But, I need to rinse the car and vacuum it." I insist.
"Okay, but you better work quickly because I'm not getting dressed." She says.
"Well, you have done everything on the challenge card, so go ahead and improvise'. I tell her.
I move away and close the door. Slowly, my hard-on wears off as I rinse off the car. I did a pretty crappy job, so I'll have to wash the car again at home. Sounds like another challenge to throw into the mix.
She is still in the front seat, just kinda laying low.
"Hey, pull the car up to the vacuum. I need to clean out the back really quick." I direct.
Gamely, and with that look in her eyes, she moves over to the driver side and starts the car. I follow it as she moves up to the vacuum bay. I hear the transmission switch into park, but she leaves the car running.
I get the vacuum hose and drop a few quarters into the coin slot. It fires up, nice and loud.
I quickly move to the back of the vehicle and pop the hatch.
Wow, that is sweet!!
"Hi there." I say.
I don't hear her say anything, but then again, she really doesn't need to say a thing. Right there in front of me is her creamy, wet pussy, and legs spread wide open. Somehow, she had leaned the back seats down to where she could lay on her back with her feet towards the back. Anyone directly behind me would have seen quite the sight of my wife.
I quickly vacuumed, closed the hatch, and replaced the hose.
I got into the driver's seat. She simply turned around, and played with her pussy so I could see in the rear view window. It was quite the ride home.