A friend of his had given him the details of the club a few weeks prior but he hadn't thought about it much more until this evening, he had been aimlessly channel-hopping and was bored so he decided to take a look. A very basic registration page which he quickly completed and confirmed via email. A link was sent to his phone and the app was installed.
Up popped the first message guaranteeing full discretion, his login wasn't even a name, C367, that was his reference and would be the only thing he would be known as when on the app and in the club. The app much like the registration screen was very basic, there was a model's section but again the model names were just codes along with the services they offered which essentially came down to four options --
-	Dance
-	Oral with Condom
-	Oral Without
-	Room (Anything Goes - Models Choice)
An array of ticks of green and red crosses but nothing else to go by. He figured you had to go to the club to put a face to the reference number. The next section was a schedule for the week and each model had input when they would be available. Other than that, there was very little to go by.
He had got this fair and his interest was growing more as the minutes ticked by, finally deciding to take a look he grabbed his coat and headed out into the night. 30minutes later he arrived at a stylish bar with two bouncers but no queue, scanning his App he was allowed entrance and headed up the stairs to the reception area, he was starting to worry he had come to the wrong place. This wasn't what he expected at all, no smoky bar, no stage, no groups, just one woman on reception with a wall of screens behind her showing which models were available.
Still trying to get his bearings he didn't respond when the receptionist asked how he was and what he was looking for this evening, she asked again a little louder. Where is everyone he responded, a small smile crept across her face, "Your first time she quipped?" Well as we assure your discretion, we have individual booths and rooms for you depending on the model and service you seek. So, what can we do for you this evening?
His plan of being able to come in scout about and creep out again unnoticed had been thrown totally out of the window, keeping it simple he suggested a dance, at least he could have a quick dance and then leave, a few clicks of the keyboard and the screens behind the woman updated to show models offering dances that were free at the moment.
He quickly scanned the screens seeing about 8 different girls, as he reached the second row down, he froze, his eyes transfixed on a mature woman with a heavy bust and a slim waist and long legs wrapped in stockings, this would have been enough to hold his gaze anyway but it was her face, it was unmistakably his mother, her long dark hair up in a bun with two thick strands framing each side of her face, that face he had grown up with, looking after him so sweetly, so full of care and a quiet shyness. What was she doing in a place like this? He instinctively whipped out his phone to call her but there was no signal. The receptionist informed him that all communications on-site were via the app and no photography was allowed.
Would he like a dance from model M57, you fucking bet he did, he wanted to see her face when she saw her son, the shame she would have bought on herself and the memory of his father to degrade herself to dancing for strangers. He agreed and was given a booth number, as he walked down the hall his rage was growing, he was going to shout this place to the ground. Reaching the numbered booth there was a large sign on the door -- For your discretion this room has been fitted with a one-way mirror, you will see the model but they will not see you -- In smaller writing, it confirmed you could communicate via a microphone or app.
He entered the room and there was a large mirror that filled the wall except where a screen appeared confirming Model M57 and her services, at least he could see she only offered dances, that was some small relief. A few minutes passed and a light came on behind the mirror, there she was, and she was stunning, he hadn't seen her like this before. Her hair was shiny and perfectly pulled back into a bun, her brown eyes were more piercing because of the smoky makeup and large long eyelashes that would have looked right on any girl 10 years younger.
A natural lipstick completed the look, he had to admit she looked stunning, she was wearing a cropped white shirt with big gold buttons down the front which he could see were feeling the strain of her big boobs and a peak of lingerie that he could see, the cropped top meant he could also see her slender stomach. Slightly tanned, it was obvious to him that she had been to the gym and was taking great care of herself, a short jet-black skirt barely reached the top of her stockings, a dark thick band at the top with no pattern wrapped softly and tightly around those long shapely legs which were held tense by the pair of dark heels she was wearing.
Then she spoke -- "Hi Honey, how are you doing today?"
He couldn't speak, he tried but the rage and disappeared, he was in stunned silence, who was this woman who was so familiar to him yet he had never seen her before. His friends growing up had and his dad's old friends knew all along but he was blinded by her motherly affection for him. It had made quite some bearing on his life as any other woman stood in front of him looking like this would have been a prime target of his, but not her, not that face, not that voice.
"A quiet one huh?" she smiled as she did a slow twirl to show off her ass, "do you like what you see?"
He still couldn't muster a sound; he was so light-headed, the shock had got to him, he was entranced with her body and the way she moved, he couldn't remember anything about the dance and by the time he gained any kind of composure the light dimmed and his mother had disappeared into the darkness, in a daze he left the room, exited the club by a second door and was back out in the cool air and on autopilot home.
For her part, his mother had nothing to note from the experience, this tall shadow from the other side of the screen, didn't move, didn't make a sound, and left. This was nothing new for a first-time visitor, on her side she added no notes to the account. All the models had notes about clients, likes, dislikes, fetishes, which ones they would offer more services to and which ones they wouldn't see or dance for, the club was very well managed for all their girls. The models would share these out too but for now, client C367 had nothing added to his record.
By the time he got home and climbed into bed he was completely numb from his new experience, he had to bring this up with his mother but didn't know how or when that he could deal with tomorrow for now he just needed sleep.
As his alarm sounded, he grabbed his phone as he had done a thousand times before, hitting silence the alarm disappeared but was replaced with two notifications from his App, the first was a request for a review and the second was a discount for his next visit with model M57, this confirmed it for him, there was no way his mother knew it was him on the other side of that mirror and he was in the clear.
Closing the notifications down he went about the rest of his day, he had almost distracted himself completely when a new notification came through --
Notification -- Deviously Discreet - Model M57 has updated her availability would you like to book her for a dance this evening.
Closing his phone, he would not be going back there, he would talk to his mother about this another day.
As the evening drew in, he tried to distract himself, he would not go and watch her dance again, he wouldn't, as he expected the App went off to let him know her time had started, he paused staring at the notification, he tried to dismiss it but he couldn't, he knew she would be dancing for other men tonight and this just wasn't acceptable to him, he raced down to the club, app scanned and into the reception area. A different girl this time, he asked for a dance from model M57 even before she had said hello.
The receptionist searched the system, "I am afraid Model M57 is with someone else right now can I suggest..."
She didn't even finish the sentence before he cut her off, "I will wait."
Taken aback she checked his notes and there were no warnings or flags so she smiled and allocated him a room number advising the model will see him when she was ready. He walked the hall he had been in less than 24hrs earlier, passing closed door after closed door, behind any one of these is someone jerking off to my mother, you make me sick. He was fuming when he entered his allocated room.
About 15 minutes later the microphone cracked into life, her soft voice filled the angry silence he had been stewing in, Hello Honey, sorry I will just be a few minutes.
Still angry he paced back and forth across the small booth, walking up to the mirror amped up, shoulders out, all power and rage bursting from his every vein, he was ready to destroy anyone who came near him, he hated them all for looking at her, he hated her for being in a place like this, how dare she be here, it was her fault and he would make her pay for everything he felt.
Little did he know but his mother had stopped to watch the shadow dancing across the one-way mirror, she saw a beast prowling the room, what had happened to the quiet, shy guy from yesterday, she checked the room number to make sure she had got it right, she even checked his notes and history to see if another model had amped him up but nothing there. She was so aroused by the animalistic ritual she saw being played out in front of her.
She was an exhibitionist that was for sure, it's the whole reason she had started dancing, her late husband had found out but he didn't stop her, he knew what he was marrying he had, on a few occasions come to watch her dance when she was at different clubs. Then when she got home, he would fully dominate her, she had the best of everything she could perform for her clients, make them want her, make them crave her then go home and submit all of that sexual energy into pleasuring her master, oh how she missed him, it's one of the reasons she came back to dancing after he had passed away. She had given it up when her son was born, if he ever found out she would be devastated but she had to get her fix, somewhere and she constantly told herself that her son wouldn't ever come to a place like this.
Absent-minded she had started to play with herself, she had two fingers firmly inside her pussy when a heavy hand slammed against the mirror. This snapped her straight out of it, there it was this large shadow of a man separated from her by a single mirror, she adjusted herself flipped the light, and appeared in front of him. Today's outfit was a deep red Basque that gave her an awesome cleavage and highlighted her tiny waist. She gave a slow spin to show the thong and suspenders, as she turned her back to him, she had to pause a second and bite her lip and compose herself.
This man was bearing over her so much she swore she could feel his eyes in the back of her head, what was happening to her, she had danced for so many men but this strong silent dominant man had ignited a fire in her that she thought had gone out forever, she started to dance to the music, running her hands up and down her body, she stayed as close to that mirror as she could without banging into it. She lingered long enough for him to see every inch of her, she pushed her tits against the glass, offering herself to him.
As he watched her every move almost appearing in slow motion it was dawning on him his anger was no longer for her being here but at himself for coming back, why had he done that, even if he hadn't confronted her and she did carry on he didn't have to be here he didn't have to be part of it, he was angry because he wanted to be here again, a cold glass filled inch away from his mother's body, her mature toned tight body.
That round ass that lingered an extra second when she spun around, those big full breasts squeezed first into her Basque and then even more against the screen in front of him, he had become aware how tight his jeans had become, he had unconsciously started to rub his cock through them, it was too much he had to release the zip to make space.
The microphone on her side crackled into life, she paused for a second hoping for, yearning for the sound of his voice to come through the speaker. Only the faint sound of a zipper being undone followed by a slight pause and a small breathless sigh of relief. Her eyes closed, she knew that sound well enough, the man on the other side now had his throbbing cock out for her, as she slowly opened her eyes, she could see by the shadow he was rubbing himself slowly but she couldn't make out the rest of him. How she wanted to see this man, feel him, smell him, her imagination was in overdrive.
He still couldn't look at her face but was hypnotized by her body, he was gently working the head of his cock, he had to steady himself against the glass with his other hand, she had to crane her head slightly to look at it above her head which arched her back and squeezed her even harder against the glass. The speaker cracked into life again, a short dark throaty grunt came through then silence again.
All pretense of performing had now left her body, she was here for herself now, she submitted to her mind and dropped slowly to her knees in front of the shadow of the man on the other side. She knew she was at cock level so put her hands behind her back and looked upwards again desperate for him to see his submissiveness. He had closed his eyes so hadn't seen her get on her so was shocked to open them and see her beneath him. He couldn't avoid her face now and stepped back from the glass.
Seeing this she panicked she had done something wrong, "I'm sorry master," she uttered before hesitantly opening her mouth for him. His eyes looking straight at her hungry pleading eyes, that snapped him out of it, he fumbled his dick back into his jeans and made a quick exit, his body took a lot longer than his mind to catch up with this abrupt change in circumstances, so much so he had to sit in his car for several minutes before his cock finally softened enough for him to drive home.
His mother however had been left on her knees not knowing what to do as the man left her booth. She composed herself got up dressed and went home early. In two days, she had danced for the same man twice yet she had fully given herself up to him, for the first time in 2 years she had felt the fire inside her, was she finally getting over her husband's sudden death, was she finally ready to be another man's slave but more than that she had to know what she had done wrong.
Over the next week, she was in the club two more times, she kept checking his notes, his logins, his history but nothing added, no visits, she even refused dances just in case he arrived and she wasn't available, she felt stupid, she was acting like a lovestruck teenager for a man who hadn't uttered a word to her, that was when she figured it out, she knew what to do if he ever returned. The following Friday, one week after her mystery visitor had been in, she decided she would add a third night to her schedule but this meant canceling dinner with her son. She couldn't help it she had to do it, for herself.
For him the week had passed even more slowly, flashes of her body came to him in his dreams, the look of her pleading eyes crept into his mind during the day, he masturbated the second night and however much he tried to watch porn and look at different girls it always came back to the image of her warm open mouth with her naturally full lips. Later in the week he fully caved and masturbated using the thoughts of his mother, if he could do that it would break the curse he was under and he could move on, he had to do it now as he was due to have dinner with her tonight.
She called him halfway through his sordid act, he panicked and even hid his dick under his sheets as though she would see him, she seemed worried and a little upset, more panic filled his head, she knew, she had figured it out. She was canceling dinner; he was equal parts relieved and equal parts horrified. She said she hadn't felt right that day and she was going to get an early night. He tried to act like it was ok and they re-arranged for in two weeks' instead.
He hung up the phone and laid-back exhaling deeply, his limp dick resting on his thigh, his balls were still heavy but he couldn't do anything now, that had been too close to call. A few minutes passed and his phone buzzed into life.
Notification -- Deviously Discreet - Model M57 has updated her availability would you like to book her for a dance this evening
"That fucking bitch has just canceled on me to go and dance for more men," he said out loud to nobody, he knew it was jealousy but he also knew he was safe, she hadn't caught him out, she was going to pay for this betrayal though, he watched through the app as her shift started, left it an hour then headed to the club, App scanned, into reception, same girl as the previous week, they must be on rotation, she didn't recognize him as a regular yet, good the fewer people who see him the better. He made out he was checking the screens for a girl but he had already clocked his mother's screen and that she was available.
He booked a dance with Model M57 and headed to the allocated booth. Her phone buzzed; she had been rejecting dances all night that she almost hit decline again.
Notification -- Client C367 -- Has requested a dance, booth D has been allocated -- accept or decline
Her heart nearly jumped out of her chest when she saw who it was, she accepted and jumped to her feet and across to a mirror, she had picked a leather strap body which already showed everything, her firm breasts crisscrossed and held by two bands with one thick band through her legs and around her waist, a bareback and a choker around her neck, this was it, this was her big play, to give him everything from her first breath.
She entered the booth and he was already at the glass waiting for her, she flipped the light and almost tripped over her words "Hey honey, welcome back," she got no response so took a deep breath, turned her back, closed her eyes and took her shot "No speaking, right?" she said trying to be confident she had got it right. As she finished her twirl, he was still at the window but looking down at something, had she got it wrong, she tried to smile and start her dance hoping he wouldn't leave again.
Just then her screen lit up - Client message -- Do not fucking talk to me.
It hit her like a lightning bolt the tone, the directness the order, god she needed that, she felt the tingle run through her body, she chased it through herself placing both her hands on her face, down across her mouth, her neck, the hard nipples that had sprung into life, down her stomach reaching her pussy which had become instantly wet. She walked up to the glass, eyes wide, and nodded slowly. Turning her back again she bent over giving him a glorious view of her wet pussy.
Her body was on fire with lust and desire she wasn't dancing anymore she was giving him a special, personal private sex show, licking her fingers, playing with her tits, she even pushed two fingers inside her pussy right to the hilt pulling them out and sucking the juices from them. The sound from her speaker kept picking up small moans and the clang of his belt buckle on his jeans and against the glass.
What happened next surprised them both, she felt almost like an out of body experience as she walked over to her screen and started typing. He didn't know what she was typing so stared at the screen holding his balls which had now been worked up twice in one night with no release.
Model Message -- Options updated -- Oral with Condom -- Now available
He nearly exploded over the booth right then and there, his mind screamed at him as he stood staring at the screen, there was no internal discussion about yes and no or right and wrong this was happening, he was going to let his mother suck his dick right now. He nodded at the window before watching her get to her knees like she had done a week before. A small light appeared at about waist height and the glass slid away to reveal a tight rubber-lined glory hole.
He walked across to it and pushed his dick through, she watched this nice white cut cock slide through the glass, the head was already so swollen and big followed by a thick strong shaft. The length was good but not huge and the whole thing looked as strong and powerful as the rest of the shadow it was attached to.
She grabbed a condom from the side of the room and placed it between her lips, she tightly gripped the base of the shaft right at the mirror, she didn't want him running away again, she placed her lips on the tip of his cock which gave a little twitch, very slowly she pushed onto that tip, her eyes closed as her warm mouth accepted his swollen cock, one slow precise movement enjoying the muffled groan through the speaker she reached around two thirds down his shaft before she could take no more in her mouth, she used her hand to roll it down the rest of his dick.
She held his dick in her mouth, the twitches from the head of his cock triggering her throat to react and squeeze back against it before she pulled it back out again, she had to swallow a lot of saliva to save it running out of her mouth. She had to fight every urge in her body to devour his cock, she wanted to enjoy every inch of it as she worked it hard with her hand and mouth in unison.
The moaning from the speaker spurred her on, even more, adding a twist of the hand now and again before jamming it hard into her throat. He didn't push or pull at all he just let her go at it with his dick. All issues he had of looking at her face were gone he couldn't get enough of her eyes and mouth as every fiber ached for him to cum. He typed into the screen once again.
Her eyes shot to the screen desperate for her next instruction -
Client message "I want to cum on your tits."
She paused for a second, nodded, and removed the condom, she wanked his thick hard dick with her right hand as her left played with his balls, this was one heavy load she was about to receive, it didn't take long at all, on one final stoke from his head to the base of his cock she felt the clench in his balls first, then the bulge as it passed through her fingers holding his cock, a second later the thick hot creamy juice hit her square in the throat.
The second pulse was just as powerful and hit her a bit lower, she arched her head back basking in the heat of his seed, another load hit her and it was all sliding between her cleavage and across her nipples another shot splashed and some landed on her cheek, a few smaller loads and he was spent, he slumped back from the mirror and looked on, while his mother, still kneeling took her hands and rubbed his cum into her tits.
Finally, she put her fingers in her mouth and sucked them clean, his dream suddenly turned into a nightmare. As she sucked her fingers, he saw it, her wedding ring, his fathers' gift to her on their wedding day.
Her speaker crackled into life and she heard his voice for the first time "Oh god dad," she wasn't sure what she had heard or if she had heard it right but before she could ask, he was running out of the door. She laid back content and fulfilled if not a little confused. Eventually, she managed to find her feet again before getting dressed and heading home. All the way home she heard his voice "Oh god dad," it was strange and there was something she couldn't quite put her finger on but she was still on a high it didn't matter. She collapsed into bed and started to fall asleep.
As she awoke a few hours later the room was pitch black and the smell of cum filled the air, she realized she hadn't even showered but before she did that, she was still horny from the night's activities, she rubbed her tits and nipples where he had cum before reaching for the dildo in her nightstand. She imagined it was him, he would follow her home and fuck her in her bed, that would be so fucking hot. She pushed the dildo into her mouth her eyes closing and taking herself back to that moment.
She was playing with her clit at the same time, using her juices as lube she held her pussy open and drove the dildo inside her, she had played with herself a lot in the last 2 years and it never felt like this, she was forceful with herself, the dildo sliding in and out of her grateful pussy. Her moans started to fill the empty room, she sat up on the bed pushing the dildo into the mattress and riding it hard, bucking her hips into it so the firm rubber hit her clit. She wanted him under her, she grabbed her tits as she rode it, hearing her mind desperate for his hands to be on her.
She drove down hard as her pussy tightened a groan came from deep within her as she snapped her head back, her hips gave one final thrust and she had a huge orgasm, the words escaped her mouth "Oh God Dad," she half-smiled at these words for a moment, as the pleasure subsided, she said it again "Oh God Dad." It could have been the darkness but something made it click, there at that moment she realized what she couldn't put her finger on, it was the voice, a voice she had heard a hundred thousand times, a voice that used to shout for his dad... his dad... her husband. In shock, she pulled the dildo out of her and threw it across the room before hiding under the sheets.
Little had she known but her son was also at home hiding in his bed, the image of the wedding ring his mother wore dripping in his cum just would not leave his mind. Unbeknownst to each other he and his mother followed a similar pattern over the next couple of days, hiding in bed, leaving to shower and to eat, checking their phone's then hiding again.
He did get a few notifications that week --
Notification -- Deviously Discreet - Model M57 has updated her availability -- Cancellation
Notification -- Deviously Discreet - Model M57 has updated her availability -- Cancellation
Notification -- Deviously Discreet - Model M57 has updated her availability -- Cancellation
Notification -- Deviously Discreet - Model M57 has updated her availability -- Cancellation -- The model has no availability at this time
His mind raced, she knew, she had to know, he had messed up when he spoke, she knew, fuck, what am I going to do.
A whole week went by and nothing, it was now the Tuesday before their planned meal on Friday, she had calmed down a lot but she still couldn't bring herself to text him and she couldn't keep up the pretense at the meal. What could she do, they had to talk to each other at some point, they couldn't ignore it forever?
1:00 am Thursday his phone went off --
Notification -- Deviously Discreet - Model M57 has updated her availability would you like to book her for a dance this evening.
One slot, that's all she had put up, he jumped at it, he booked the dance and put his phone down quickly. Across town sitting in her dark bedroom a buzz went off at the foot of her bed and the room was lit in the low light of a mobile phone. She took a deep breath and picked it up --
Notification -- Client C367 -- Has requested a dance, awaiting booth allocation -- accept or decline
She closed her eyes and hit Accept before rolling back over staring into the darkness for the rest of the night.
Thursday was the slowest day you could imagine for the pair of them, not knowing what was going to happen, in the early afternoon he knew there was no turning back.
Notification -- Deviously Discreet - Model M57 has confirmed your dance for this evening -- Booth F
He got to the club right on time and was so happy when they scanned his App and sent him straight to the booth meaning he didn't have to speak with anyone. He trudged into the booth with his head down, hands in his pockets. He didn't know she was already sat there in the dark watching his shadow as it entered. He didn't approach the mirror he sat on the bench at the back of the room, almost fully in the corner like a hurt animal.
It was her turn to be assertive, her time to be a mother, still shrouded in the darkness she loudly proclaimed "No speaking right?"
He jumped at her voice but kept quiet, "good," her voice came again, he sat for ages wanting to leave but unable to move. Eventually, he sent a message via the options --
Client request -- Room?
She hit decline, she couldn't face him, she needed the safety of the dark.
Client request - Room?
Again, she hit decline but she did turn on the lights so he could see her, no sexy outfit tonight just a tight pair of jeans and a light peach colored jumper, he got to his feet when he saw her, she had never looked more like his mother than she did right now. She still looked great, the light-colored denim hugging her thighs and her black jumper tightly hugging her waist with her breasts sitting more naturally but still an obvious draw to the eye.
They stood in silence, her looking half at her reflection in the mirror and half at the shadow of the man she knew in her heart was her son. He approached the mirror, trying to somehow let her know he was sorry, he wasn't dominating her space anymore but he still stood over her, she looked down and turned off the light again. This made him step right up to the mirror and put his hand against it. She put her hand against the glass where he was, she wanted to hold his hand and tell him everything would be ok.
He rested his forehead against the glass as her screen lit up again -
Client request -- Room?
She hit decline, her poor little boy, she put her head against the glass, took a deep breath and turned on the light again, he saw her eyes, tired through having no sleep but still deep and full of life and desire, he couldn't take this he wanted her and he didn't care for the consequences.
As she saw the screen light up again, she instinctively reached for the decline option but it wasn't a client request.
Client message - I AM GOING TO CUM ON YOUR TITS AGAIN
There it was, that tone, its instant effect on her was clear to see, her eyes narrowed as she took a second to think, she had convinced herself she knew who was on the other side of the mirror but maybe she was wrong, maybe she was making things up as she wasn't ready for this. Self-doubt crept into her almost as fast as the excitement grew her head racing her pussy to make a decision, she could carry on dancing for this man and swallowing his glorious cock. She tried to compose herself, bit her bottom lip, and gave an almost un-noticeable small nod to the shadow in the mirror.
Model Message -- Options updated -- Oral without -- Now available
The microphone crackled into life, his zip and belt being undone before them unmistakably hitting the floor, he was already taking himself in hand by the time the small light appeared on the mirror and the slot opened ready for his dick, he moved across and pushed it through to her side. She looked down at it for a moment, any doubts still lingering were now drowned out for her need for him to be in her mouth.
She knelt and took his cock gently in her hand, it wasn't as hard as the first time but he was growing, she leaned down but instead of taking him in her mouth she inhaled deeply through her nose, his hot musky smell filled her lungs, she held her breath trying to absorb this man into her soul, she started to give him little kisses along his shaft to his tip. She pushed his dick back and up, taking a long slow lick along the base of his dick and balls back to the tip.
As she gently put his head in her mouth, it bulged in her hand, everything was so much slower today, she wanted to take her time, let her senses be overwhelmed by him, this time was for her she thought, gripping his shaft she milked the first drops of pre-cum into her mouth, it tasted so good on her tongue, a few more minutes of slow action and the pre-cum was constant now. She slipped his dick out of her mouth completely, admiring her work as this thick rod bulged in her hand, glistening in her saliva. One more licks the length of his cock produced a big drop of pre-cum to emerge from his head.
She clamped her lips around it and sucked hard, yes, she wanted to enjoy him but she was also a submissive little slut who needed this dick, she pushed it hard into her mouth, hitting her tonsils and forcing its way into her throat. A large moan came through the speaker. Oh, she had him alright, she didn't pull back she just used her tongue and throat to do the work. Barely moving an inch, she face fucked him as if her life depended on it. Her eyes glistening with tears through the effort and strain looked up at him as the moans got louder and more desperate.
She pushed even hard onto him as she held him firmly in the fingers of her right hand, his hips instinctively pushed himself forwards not back, he knew he only had a few more seconds before he was going to explode but he couldn't pull out. He saw her raise her left hand high above her head and she slammed it into the glass in front of him. It was around chest level so clearly in his eye line. It took a second for him to focus on her hand. Her ring, my dad's ring, it was gone. She had opened her fingers wide on purpose so he couldn't have missed what she had done.
The woman in front of him had sacrificed herself fully to him, she had shed the memory of her former life for him, she was his now and she sent the biggest signal that she could to show him that she belonged to him now. He looked down just in time to see her eyes narrow for a second as she took his first heavy pump of cum.
The feel of him Cumming was not a surprise to her, she knew he was on the edge but the force and amount of cum was not what she was expecting. His balls had twitched but he was already in her throat before she could react, she didn't swallow that first load it rammed itself into her, she felt it push into her neck and down her insides, the barrage continued as the next load erupted in her quickly following the same route. She had two doses of cum making the way to her core and she hadn't swallowed either of them.
She pushed her face as hard as she could onto him as he groaned loudly and deeply, emptying the last of himself into her. A small tear ran down her cheek from the strain she was giving him. He finally finished with a couple of small pumps before she let him fall from her mouth. She was surprised her mouth was empty. This man had forcefully deposited his seed so far inside her she never had to swallow a drop. She wiped some saliva from her lips, took a few deep breaths then stood up.
Her screen blinked into life again --
Client request -- Room?
She looked at the shadow to her left, gently shook her head to say no, pressed decline on the screen, and turned off the lights. His softening dick still sat in the Gloryhole as he heard the faint sound of a door open then close. He pulled out, adjusted his jeans, and left the booth. As they each made their way home fully content with their evening's activities. A quick shower before climbing into bed he hadn't slept this sweetly in years.
He woke to a message on his phone --
Notification -- Text Message -- Mom -- Hey Honey, everything should be ready for about 7:30, is that ok?
He smiled and replied -- Yes, of course, I will be with you about 7 then
Minutes later --
Notification -- Text Message -- Mom -- That's perfect, can't wait to see you it has been far too long. See you soon Love Mom
He practically floated around work that day, got home showered, put on a shirt and nice pair of trousers. Shaved, he realized he was preparing for a big date, in his mind it almost was, if only for him as he was happy that his mother didn't know what was happening, she wouldn't be so calm and light in her messages otherwise. He took a look in the mirror as he left, even he had to admit he was looking really good this evening. He drove across to her house on the edge of town.
As he went up the small drive to his childhood home, he could see some of the lights on inside, he pulled up behind her car parked and made his way to the front door carrying some flowers he had picked up earlier. He still had his key so let himself into the ever so familiar family home. He hadn't even taken two steps when his mother's voice rang out from upstairs "Shoes." She was always particular about wearing shoes in the house and he had always forgotten to take his off.
He placed the flowers on the sideboard and slipped off his polished black shoes, he playfully shouted back "Happy now?" He heard a slight giggle before he heard her again "Much better, I am nearly ready just a few more minutes." He stood in the softly lit lounge when his pocket vibrated --
Notification -- Text Message -- Mom -- Model M57 has updated her availability would you like to book her for a dance this evening.
A wave of confusion washed over him, his mother was upstairs, how could she be available, he checked into the app, there was no availability, it must have been an error he locked his phone and put it back in his pocket. A couple of seconds later it buzzed again -
Notification -- Text Message -- Mom -- ROOM.
His heart almost stopped, firstly he noticed what he had missed the first time, these were messages from his mom's personal phone not club notifications, secondly, she had said room. He turned and looked up the stairs, step by step he walked up the stairs not knowing what he might find, as he turned the corner and stepped into the hall his questions were answered. The long hall led straight into his parents' room; it was dark apart from the light coming out of that doorway.
It was wide open, their large bed with clean white linen against the wall on the far side then right in the middle of the room on her knees facing straight out of the door was his mother, wearing a simple dark blue bra and panties set, her hair tied up in a high ponytail finished off by a dark blue strip of silk ribbon which she had wrapped around her eyes. He felt that familiar surge in his pants as he walked slowly down the hall and into her room, he closed the door behind him swearing he saw her smile a little as the handle clicked back into place.
He walked up to her but kept a little distance, there was no glass here and he could now see her properly, her chest heaving as she breathed heavily, clearly excited, there was a slight flush of red on her face and he could see the moisture sitting on top of her skin as he circled her, inspecting this woman from all angles, as he walked behind her he saw a large dressing table with a mirror facing them, he stood large above this stunning brunette who was sitting upright and to attention, it was so fucking hot to him he watched and lingered.
As he stood behind her, she felt the first trickle of pussy juice seep into her gusset, fuck she was horny, she had taken a huge risk in presenting herself like this to him but he had taken the invite and walked into her room without question. The silence was deafening and not being able to look at him was killing her but she didn't want him to leave if she saw her looking at him so blindfolded herself and now, he was here she dare not move or speak a word. She could feel and hear as he walked around her, she felt like a piece of meat hanging in a butcher's window, being inspected for her quality, making sure she was juicy and ready enough for him to devour. As he stood behind her, she smelt him, oh god that smell, it was him, it was the man she had swallowed so deeply, this thought made her gulp a little, soreness in her throat a perfect reminder of what this man could do to her when he wanted to.
Suddenly he moved again, she could tell he had walked over to the dressing table, she had laid out all of her toys neatly and in order on the table, nipple clamps, small and large dildo's, a whip, a paddle, handcuffs, and two butt plugs. The door to the left of the dresser was open and she heard him flicking through the hangings of her outfits and lingerie knowing he can't have missed the box of rope on the shelving above. All this while she knelt perfectly still in the middle of the room.
"Is all this yours?"
She wasn't expecting him to talk, she wasn't ready for his voice, she knew it was him but hearing his voice made everything complete. She was so distracted she took too long to answer.
"Well?"
She nodded, "Yes, yes it's all mine."
Silence again filled the room for a moment before he walked back to the middle of the room, he must have leaned over because she felt his breath on her neck and shoulder before he next spoke "You're wrong, it's all mine now, just like you are."
She squirmed as her pussy clenched at his words, pushing more juice into her now sodden panties. The next thing she knew his hands were around her neck, lifting her strongly from the floor, he lifted her right off the floor, just her toes were touching the deep carpet as she muffled her agreement "Yes master I'm yours." He walked her over to the bed and threw her face down on to it, she was bent over her bed as she heard him frantically pulling his trousers off. He didn't even bother with her panties. He pushed down on the base of her back, kicked her legs wide open, and hooked her panties away with his fingers.
If she hadn't been so wet at the thought of him pilling into her so quickly would have worried her, in one movement he tore fully into her cunt, she thought she was going to split in half like a piece of wood as she screamed out her pleasure, the room filled with sound as he joined her in moaning. He started to pound into her as though his life depended on it, his heavy balls were slapping at her clit with each stroke as her juices started to splash off them onto her inner thighs.
He pulled out from her pussy leaving it pulsing and gripping for his dick but getting nothing but air. As he moved closer, she expected his cock back inside her but he bent over and stuck his tongue into her, she gasped at this unexpected feeling and pushed back on his face, his nose was firmly pushing against her asshole as he reached under her and groped at her boobs. She couldn't hold it anymore, her knees braced against the bed to stop her buckling over, she had two full fists of the sheets and had bitten into the bed to try and muffle her screams.
Her pussy clenched as she started to orgasm, pussy juice flooded his mouth and he pulled away in just in time for her pussy to squirt again this time he caught it full in the face, the third hit him in the chest, he could see her legs trembling now as her juices flowed down them, he knew it was only the bed keeping her upright. With the taste of her juices in her mouth and his wet face and chest still dripping he stood up and turned her over onto her back as he started to lick and kiss her tits, her nipples were hard and felt amazing in his mouth as he swirled his tongue around them.
A few minutes later she had regained some composure, he grabbed her hips and flipped her on top of him, she straddled him, holding herself up by putting her hands on his wet chest as she teased his dick, rubbing it through her pussy lips. Reaching down she fed his length back into her hungry pussy. She rode his dick hard; she bucked her hips while playing with her tits in front of him, he had grabbed her hips and was dictating the pace now.
Moments later "Mommy, I'm going to cum in your pussy," she shouted "oh yes, fill me up with your cum," his voice hesitated "but mom."
She slammed down on his dick and held him inside her "It's ok honey mommy loves you, it's ok, I promise, mommy loves you."
He grabbed the back of her neck ripping off her makeshift blindfold, then as her eyes adjusted and her gorgeous boy came in to view, she looked deep into him and repeated "mommy loves you." His face went tight and his grip on her neck and waist were like a vice holding her tight onto him, he just about managed to say "I love you too," before his eyes closed and he emptied his balls inside her.
She felt the think sticky cum spray inside her, the sensitive pussy walls taking the force of his jets of cum, one after the other, her nails dug into his chest as it triggered another orgasm in her, they finished Cumming together before laying in a hot sweaty cum and pussy soaked mess, their bodies intertwined, falling asleep together.