It had been at least six months since my husband, Ken, and I, Val, had gone out. We had been married twenty years and our two kids, Jimmie and Jaime, fraternal twins, had set off to college a year ago. We had our first fight about six months after the children had left. He complained that I just wasn't intimate enough and of course I went down the road of "you never spend enough time at home with me".
Needless to say after we were done, we didn't speak for the next six months except about the simplest things. I was concerned that we had really screwed things up with that one little argument. I thought back, reminiscing about our twenty years together and saw all the good things that had happened but realized how many times I had blown off my husband for other things. Kids, work, brothers and sisters, parents, all who needed help and understood why he was upset. He had never complained but I could remember him being a little angry and frustrated, but it would soon pass. Now it was our time and I was still angry at him. Bad habits die hard I guess. I needed more time with him. I decided I could work on my side and see if he might work on his.
Then on Friday, when he got home and surprised me. "Valerie, lets go out tomorrow night."
"Sure," I said, "that would nice!" Wow! What had happened? The night rolled on as usual. We watched our shows together and went to bed. We hadn't messed around since our fight but I began to worry about our date. Was he still angry? Was he going to divorce me? I tossed and turned most of the night until I fell asleep.
I awoke Saturday about ten in the morning. Ken was already up doing the house hold chores we couldn't get done during the week. I hopped out of bed, threw on some old sweats and headed out to help. "Good morning sleepy head." He smiled.
I was in shock. "Good morning to you, too." I smiled back. My concerns grew as we worked on our backyard. Was he going let me down easy? Was he seeing someone else?
We worked hard till about four in the afternoon. We had finally finished the yards, when I felt his hands on my shoulders. He slowly massaged the muscles from between my shoulder blades to my neck. "Wow, honey you feel really tense." He had such nice hands, I noted, as his thumbs worked up and down the sides of my spine.
"I think I've been a little stressed lately."
"Well, why don't you head off to take a shower and I'll clean up out here?"
"Ok" I sighed. The hot water felt really good as it cascaded down my back. I stretched my neck from left to right and felt some of the tension slide away. "Well." I thought to myself "might as well dress nice and plan to have a fun evening." Whatever happened it had been a very good twenty years.
I showered and shaved. I knew Ken liked my legs, so I made sure they were nice and smooth. I trimmed my bush nice and tight. I had never really thought about doing that before but I thought if things went that far Ken would be nicely surprised. I had been endowed with a pretty good bod. Being 5'7" at 125lbs and size "B" boobs. I knew many women envied me for being 42 looking better than most women at 30. My hair was shoulder length and dark brown with very few strands of grey, not enough to be worried. I dried and put on a very short robe. I sat and did my make up and hair.
Ken came wandering in. "Well, don't you look nice!" He said as he started to get undressed for his turn in the shower.
"I sure look and smell alot better than you!" I smiled back.
He laughed, "I will just have to take care of that right away, won't I?" He grinned as he headed for the shower. At 44 he still looked good. 6' even, decent build, a little grey around the edges, a nice butt, and fairly well endowed. Ok, really well endowed from what my friends talked about. I couldn't wrap my fingers around him and with both hands the tip still stuck out. The lady friends always talked that seven inches was pretty big, so Ken was maybe a little longer than that and was also about as big around as a soda can. It had taken about 6 months for me to get used to him after we got married.
I began to realize just how aroused I was. I could feel the warmth spreading through my crotch and lower tummy. I hadn't felt this turned on in long time. A small amount of moisture escaped from my lower lips.
I better throw a pair of underwear on really quick before I had a flood. I went to my underwear drawer and pulled out the tiniest thong I had. It was white lace and darn near see through. I slid them on quickly. As it hit my crotch I had a shiver. Wow, was I sensitive! I hope Ken had plans to jump my bones because I just might not be able to wait. I found a dark green wrap dress and put it on. It looked great on my figure and the color high lighted the green in my eyes. I decided not to wear a bra, the dress looked better without it.
Just then Ken walked out of the bathroom. He was wearing just a pair jockey's and it held his package nice tight. I had a shiver just thinking about him. "Val, you look really good in that green dress. I guess I can't go out in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt now!"
"You could just go out in your underwear?" I said.
"Well, I think I'll pick out something just a tad bit more modest!" he grinned.
"Ok, fine! If that's what you want!" I feigned indignation. "I'll just wait for you in the living room." And walked out.
I just couldn't sit there with his huge bulge staring me in the face. I didn't want to jump him before I found out what was going on. More than likely nothing was going on and I was just overreacting but I still wanted to wait a little to make sure.
Ken came strolling out of the bedroom wearing his tan khaki pants with black polo shirt. He liked this combination because he felt comfortable and thought it looked good on him. I had to agree. I kept feeling this low level throbbing in my bottom as we headed to the car.
"We'd better hurry. I made our reservation for 7!"
"Where are we going?"
"We are going to "Bob's steakhouse". I figured you would like that!"
"You bet. I always like a nice piece of meat." I said and then realized what I said. Crap.
"Ok, then. We better hurry to Bob's. We don't want you to have to wait!" he laughed. Ken pulled on to the highway. "Val, I've wanted to talk to you about our disagreement. I understand were you're coming from. I've worked hard to get us were we are, so we can enjoy our time together. But what I hadn't considered is that I have to change how I spend my time as well. I will try to spend more time at home. I'll have to move some things around at work but I don't see a problem. Will that work for you?" He smiled at me and my heart just fluttered away.
So that is what he was planning. I had worried about nothing. "That would be great! I have some things I need to work out, too. I'll try to be a bit more open and have a lot more fun. We just have to get over our old bad habits and replace them with some new really fun habits instead!" I winked at him.
He was pleased to hear that perhaps we were moving in positive direction together. "Thanks Val! I love you more than you can imagine."
"I can imagine quite a lot, you know! I love you too, Ken. Always have, always will."
He took my hand and kissed it. "Lets have a nice evening shall we?" He said as we drove down the highway. We arrived at Bob's right on time. They led us to a cozy little booth in the corner.
The booth across from us was empty and the one diagonally from us had an older couple. I could not see any other people at the booths or tables near us. Ken ordered us a nice bottle of a basic red wine and we chit-chatted about the kids, work and the future. I was midway through my first glass when the waiter came for our orders. He was tall man in his late twenties. "Hi, I'm David and I will be your waiter tonight. Would you like an appetizer to start?"
"No thanks, we'd like to order." Ken said.
"Ok, what can I get you, Ma'am?"
"I would like a bowl of your red bean soup, and the filet medium rare with the twice baked potato, and bacon green beans."
"Good choice. What can I get you, Sir?"
"I would like to start with the Caesar salad, and the Sirloin medium with the garlic smashed and spinach."
"Thank you! I will return with your soup and salad in a moment." David smiled and went on his way.
"He seems like a nice fellow!" I said to Ken.
"Yes, he does. Mr. Tall Dark and Handsome. That's why you like him." Ken grinned.
"He is handsome, but not handsome as you." I fluttered my eyes at him.
"Oh, really, I thought all this time you married me for my kisses." He mused.
"That too." At which point, Ken leaned over and gently kissed me on my lips. Between the wine and his kiss, my earlier throbbing returned with a vengeance. I could feel my clit and surrounding lips straining against my thong as if they were trying rip through. He looked deep into my eyes and kissed me again, this time in a deep embrace. Our tongues intertwined and I was in heaven for what seemed forever. His left hand slowly slid up my thigh, rubbing firmly until he reached my thong and he squeezed my sweltering twat. I was in shock but it felt so good. We stopped just in time for the waiter to show up with our soup and salad.
"Here you go Ma'am, Sir! Is there anything else I can get you?"
"Not at the moment." Ken said.
The throbbing had spread through out my pelvis. My heart pounded in my temples. I was so aroused I could not believe it. My thong was drenched with my juices. My hole wanted to swallow Ken whole and I needed him now but we were in this damned restaurant. What could I do? Ken refilled my wine glass and asked. "How is your soup?" acting as if he was totally innocent. My lord I was so hot.
I tasted the soup. "It's really good." I took a big drink of wine and continued eating. I needed to ditch my thong. It was so drenched, and I was so hot that I could not even keep my legs together. "Ken, do you know were the bathroom is?" I asked.
"Sure. Go down the aisle and look left." He grinned.
You evil, evil man, I thought, to get me in to this predicament and act all sweet and innocent! I headed for bathroom. As soon as got in there I took off my thong. I couldn't put in my purse, it would get everything wet. I threw them in the trash. I looked in the mirror and straightened my hair and dress. My whole body just buzzed. I will just have to pay him back, that evil man. I headed back to the booth. David was there laughing with Ken as he picked up our dishes. He raised his eye brow as he walked past and I grinned in return. I slid into our booth. "Everything Ok, honey?" He looked at me with those deep blue eyes acting as if he was so innocent. He had to know what he was doing to me.
"Everything is great. Can you pour me some more wine?"
"Sure." He said.
"So, what were you and David laughing about?"
"Just talking about the Titans. Football stuff."
As he poured my wine, I slid my hand over to his package and started a nice slow caress. He jumped slightly and cleared his throat. His organ began grow. I slid it around in his pants so it wouldn't be to uncomfortable. It was soooo fat. "Honey, what are you doing?" Ken was slightly flushed.
"Nothing really, just a little payback." I smiled at him and he smiled right back.
"Here is your dinner. Ma'am you had the Filet, Sir you had the Sirloin?" David asked. The table cloth hid my hand and Ken's crotch as I continued to stroke his throbbing rod.
"Yes, that's right." I said. David placed the plates in front of us. I gave the head of Ken's fat dong a little squeeze and let go.
He groaned slightly and grinned. "Thanks, David"
"You welcome sir. If there won't be anything else I will let you eat."
"Thanks again, David." I said. He smiled at me and winked. He left to check on other tables.
"Now, that's kinda mean, Val!"
"Paybacks hell, isn't it honey?"
"I guess I'll just have to make it more worth my while in the future." He laughed.
The steak tasted great and I was now on my fourth glass of wine. My throbbing became slightly more bearable, though Ken still seemed a bit uncomfortable. As I took a bite of my potato his hand rested on my thigh. His hand was so warm as he slowly slid up and down the inside of my thigh. He would graze my clit and then slowly slide back down. He did this three or four times. My throbbing turned into a buzz and my lips became so swollen and I thought they would explode. He put down his fork and turned toward me and with his other hand went right up my thigh to my hot valley. "Well, well, no undies? How did that happen?" He grinned and slid two fingers right into my super hot hole. I gasped as he slid in another finger. He slowly slid them in and out twisting as he went. "You seem slightly warm." He commented as he slid in another finger. He slid it in all the way to the base of his thumb. I could not believe how good it felt. He had never done this before, especially in public, and my body gave very little resistance. He fingered my special spot that drove me wild. I could feel an orgasm beginning to build deep inside.
He then gave the front of my vagina a nice squeeze and slowly withdrew. I could not believe it, here I sat ready to explode and he stopped. Then I realized David was coming to check on us. I was still flushed and out of breath. "How is everything?"
"Excellent!" Ken said to David.
"How about you Ma'am?"
"V-v-very good." I stammered. I also realized that my dress was open from the waist down. But for some reason I didn't really care. I just hoped David didn't notice.
"Very well then. I'll be back in a little while." He turned and gave me a huge grin and wondered off.
I was going kick Ken's nice little ass when I got home. I looked at the couple diagonally across from us and they seemed oblivious to my predicament. How am going get even now? I didn't even get a chance to figure out what kind of punishment, because just then he again turned and started to nibble on the nape of my neck and his hand found my gaping hole. He slid all four fingers into me to base of his thumb. I groaned. My god it felt sooooo good. I laid back in the booth and brought my leg up. He kissed me fully on my lips as his hand worked my g-spot. I grabbed his arm and started pulling him in and out of me at very rapid pace. All of a sudden, I don't know what happened, but I felt some discomfort and my hole widen and then I was filled beyond belief. I looked down with out stopping and saw Ken's hand fully engulfed by my hungry hole. I pulled it out and slid it back in. It was reaching places that I could not believe. My body lost complete control as I shoved Ken's hand in and out as deep as it would go and then I exploded. It started as a tingle in my clit and spread around my clenched butt, up my back to my skull and then my whole body exploded. I tingled. I saw stars. It seemed to last forever. My dress had come totally undone but I didn't care. My nipples were very erect. Ken nibbled on one of them as I trembled.
As I calmed down, Ken carefully slid his hand out and was in shock. "Are you okay, Valerie?"
"All I can say, is that was the most awesome experience of my life." I said breathless as I grabbed my wine glass and drained it. I was so thirsty. Ken refilled my glass as I composed myself. I retied my dress just in time for David to show up.
"Are we all finished here?"
"Not by a long shot." I stated.
"I'll let you two finish up." He grinned. He had a tremendous bulge in his trousers like a giant circus tent and he appeared to have some difficulty walking.
"Val, I think we need to me more careful in the future." Ken's face was red.
"Why, honey? David seemed to enjoy it. I know I really, really enjoyed it."
Just then the older gentleman across from us groaned. I thought he was having a heart attack but his wife's smile gave it way. "And I think they really liked it too!"
"I think we all liked it!" Ken said.
We hurriedly finished dinner, left a huge tip and headed to the car. As soon as he opened the door for me I sat and grabbed his belt and undid his pants right in the parking lot. His fat rod was ready for me. It bobbed in my face so I licked it along it's bottom right up to the head. "I'm ready explode, Honey!!" He said.
"Then come on in!" I quickly laid across the front seat and spread my legs wide. He penetrated me almost instantly. He felt bigger then ever as he slid in and out. I could feel another orgasm beginning to build deep inside. After a good five minutes of thrusting I felt him explode inside of me and I exploded like a tidal wave. And kept exploding with each thrust. I don't know how long it lasted or how much he went, but by the time he was done his love juice was squeezing out the sides of my hole. Ken could barely move as he stood up and pulled up his pants and buckled them up. "I bet that looked funny." I sat up as Ken closed my door.
He slowly walked around the back of the car and got in. It took him a few seconds to catch his breath. "What do you mean, Val?"
"Two white buns bouncing up and down in the middle of the parking lot." I laughed.
"We should be glad that it wasn't a busy night." He looked out the front window. "If this is any indication of the our future together I'm all in." He smiled from ear to ear.
"This is only the beginning of our adventures. I love you, Honey."
"I love you too, Valerie."
He started the car and began the drive home. I thought to myself, "If I knew it could be this fun I wouldn't of waited. No more waiting for me. I'll have to think of some new things for us to do!!! This is going to be fun."
The End