The first bright rays of April sun shone through a large picture window that looked out across a green meadow which sloped down to a pond in the distance.
Two sophomore boys lay naked, legs entwined, under familiar bed covers. One of them stretched his body and lifted his arms, then leaned up to scratch his head and glance at the digital clock on his roommate's desk.
"Shit," the boy whispered.
The red glow from the clock showed it was just after 6:00 in the morning -- 6:03am to be precise -- and that was far too early on a nice Saturday morning for anyone to get up. However, it was just the right time for this kid to rise and shine as he had a work study job beginning at seven. If he got up now, he would have enough time to shower and grab a bite at the cafeteria before spending a few hours looking things up on inter-library loan or searching the internet for obscure material some over-achieving student desired.
Aidan Simmons leaned over and kissed his roommate Logan on the forehead, then hopped out of bed, grabbed his towel and headed out the door and down the hall to the showers.
When he returned, Logan was still asleep and stretched out in his bed. The covers had come down to expose Logan's bare chest, now beginning to sprout some hair -- the same sandy blond color that sat on his head.
Standing in his towel, Aidan looked down at his attractive roommate and started chubbing. "Shit," he said for the second time that morning, now for completely different reasons. He had always found Logan attractive, practically from the moment they started college together. Now, near the end of their sophomore year, Aidan still couldn't get enough of his friend's body. It was like an aphrodisiac to him.
Leaning over Logan's still body, Aidan pushed the covers further down to expose his friend's soft penis. It rested nicely between the legs surrounded by curly pubic hair. Bending down further, Aidan licked Logan's flaccid dick several times before picking it up and swallowing it.
As his roommate lay still, Aidan worked the penis over until it was good and hard -- just about the time Logan started squirming underneath.
Aidan stood up and shook off his towel, exposing his own very hard cock already beating away in rhythm to the blood that was rushing into it. He got back on the bed and spread Logan's legs so he could get in between them. Once positioned, Aidan began to blow his roommate for all he was worth.
Logan awoke and looked down to see his best friend blowing him, and he moaned out softly. There was no better way to wake up than with a blowjob, and Aidan knew just what to do to his body. "Ahhh...yeah..."
Crouching below, Aidan slurped on Logan's man meat while inserting two fingers into his friend's ass. Within seconds Logan grunted as he spilled his seed. He reached out to run his hands through Aidan's thick black hair as he arched his back while cumming.
When it was over, Logan went limp on his bed as Aidan rose to straddle his roommate's body while jacking off. It didn't take him long either as almost from the moment he started beating off, white cum flew out and landed on Logan's beautiful chest. After the last drop dribbled down, Aidan shook his cock and got up.
"Sorry we couldn't take longer this morning, but I gotta get to the library." Aidan got a towel, wiped his prick clean then tossed it to Logan before hurriedly searching for something to wear.
"Do you have time for breakfast?" Logan asked as he cleaned Aidan's goo off his chest.
"I'm afraid not. I just blew what little time I had." Aidan had found a pair of shorts and was rummaging in his dresser for socks.
"You sure did," Logan said, smiling widely at his friend who wasn't paying attention. "At least you won't be rushing out on an empty stomach."
Aidan faced his roommate and laughed. "You're a wicked pisser," he said while dressing, although with his nasal New England accent the last word sounded like "pissa."
When he was dressed, Aidan grabbed his backpack so he could get a little work done at the library as well. He walked back to Logan's bed and bent down to kiss him. "I love you."
"I love you too," Logan answered. Both boys smiled at each other. "I'll see you later," Logan told him.
Aidan reached down to squeeze his friend's soft package. "Keep this thing safe. Remember, we're going to the Diversity club tonight. Who knows? Maybe we'll get lucky again."
Logan giggled and slapped Aidan's ass. "Get going."
The rest of the day passed like usual for a Saturday. Logan considered himself lucky that his work study was with Admissions and they were never open on weekends. So, he started his day by going right back to bed, then spent the rest of the morning playing video games and going to lunch with some of his friends in the dorm.
The spring semester of their sophomore year passed quickly as both boys fell into an easy rhythm of attending classes, working, and spending lots of time messing around together. During the winter months, Logan and Aidan had gotten creative in finding various places around campus to jerk off and play. Most times they did this by themselves, but on a few occasions they included their good friend Derek.
One of those occasions happened a couple month earlier, when they broke into the auditorium late at night while celebrating Logan and Aidan's joint birthdays. The three boys gave strip tease performances before busting their nuts together. Then, as the trio really started to play around and have fun they were caught by a member of the campus security, who just happened to join them. It had been a night to remember.
After the weather had turned warmer, the roommates found places outside to experience some fun as well. Their favorite place was in the woods at the northwestern perimeter of campus. Several times already this spring, Aidan and Logan had wandered off to find a quiet and secluded spot to run around naked and suck each other off.
On top of all that, Aidan and Logan also spent quite a bit of time alone in their room just being naked and experimenting with each other. This was something they had started during the first semester of their freshman year, although now it wasn't just about spilling a load. It involved emotions and feeling the two boys only shared with each other. It was fun to have another playmate like Derek whenever physical urges struck them, but it was even better to have each other to satisfy their emotional needs as well.
Now, with the end of the year quickly approaching, the boys decided to pay a visit to the Diversity club. They had attended a meeting just once before, during their freshman year when they were interested in meeting people who were like-minded and open to exploring. They had heard that the Diversity club was just such a place and had a reputation for satisfying the curiosity of students.
In that regard, the boys hadn't been disappointed. They each hooked up with someone in the club, but neither had a positive experience. Logan got together with a fellow from one of his classes but it had ended abruptly and awkwardly. Aidan, on the other hand, bonded with someone who turned out to be a girl. While the encounter had been both shocking and erotic, Aidan hadn't been too eager to revisit the group any time soon.
Yet, despite being committed and in love with each other, both boys loved to experiment. They were each very curious to try new things and explore different ways of satisfying their constant horny itch. In a small college in Central Maine, there were only so many ways someone could do that. The Diversity club afforded them one such opportunity.
As it was the last gathering of the academic year, there was a much bigger crowd that evening than normal. It was also the end of April, when flowers were in bloom, green leaves covered the branches, clear blue skies had returned and hormones coursed through everyone's veins bringing a heightened sexual arousal to campus.
The meeting was held in an upstairs room at the Student Center. Before the proceedings started, which was never much of a formal affair, people milled around the room nodding heads at acquaintances and engaging in small talk.
As Aidan scanned the room his eyes connected with an attractive black girl who was in his American Studies course this semester. She smiled brightly and waved at him as he tried frantically to think of her name -- something that started with the letter T -- Tricia? Tina?
"Aidan! What a surprise to see you here." She had startled him but he reached out to shake her hand. It was clearly obvious he was trying to think of her name so she helped him out. "It's Tiffany."
Chuckling nervously, Aidan turned red from embarrassment, something Logan noticed immediately as his roommate was generally not one to get embarrassed easily.
"Yes, of course. Tiffany!" Aidan said, then turned toward his friend. "Logan? This is Tiffany, she is in my American Studies class."There, he thought.At least I know something! "And Tiffany, this is my roommate Logan."
"Ah, yes! The California dude!" She addressed Logan with a radiantly infectious smile.
Tiffany stood an inch or two taller than Logan, just about the same height as Aidan with beautiful moderate brown skin, glowing dark brown eyes, and straight, long hair running over her shoulders and down her chest the color of copper. Her tits were small, her legs were long, and her ass was just right. Every part of Tiffany's body seemed to compliment the other.
She was a strikingly attractive girl and Logan's natural, instinctive shyness took hold of his personality instantly. "Um...I didn't realize I was still such an anomaly." He spoke barely above a whisper and it was obvious he was nervous.
"Oh baby, you are. You are!" Tiffany answered quickly, winking at Logan and chuckling. She put both boys at ease automatically. "Let me introduce you to my roommate." She walked away assuming the boys would just follow her, which they did.
On the other side of the room, next to two windows that looked out across the perfectly manicured campus, Tiffany tapped on the shoulder of another girl. This one, named Katie, stood quite a few inches shorter than Tiffany, about feet feet-five inches, with medium length dirty blonde hair that grazed her bare shoulders. Her breasts were full, standing out perfectly underneath a deep purple, off the shoulder top, and she had hazel eyes that sparkled as she turned to face her friend.
Introductions were made all around and the quartet began the process of getting to know one another with Tiffany and Aidan leading the way since they were the connection that had brought them all together.
Just as the conversation really got going, the meeting was called to order and the group of four took adjacent seats in the second to last row from the back.
Most official business had already been taken care of, so this end of year meeting was more an opportunity to sum up the semester and discuss some preliminary plans for the fall. In all, it didn't last more than twenty minutes and ended with the president wishing everyone a restful and happy summer.
Logan and Aidan made their way to the refreshment table for a couple cookies and some punch, nicely provided for all in attendance, while Tiffany and Katie chatted in their seats.
"You know," Aidan said as he stuffed a cookie into his mouth, "If we play this right, we might have a very good night with these two."
"You think?" Logan inquired dubiously. He wasn't as convinced as his friend.
"Shit yeah!" Aidan swallowed and took a sip of his punch. "Would you be okay with a girl?"
Logan gave his roommate a look of profound irritation. "Fuck you."
"What?"
"Seriously? I was fucking girls before I met you, remember? Oh, and I fucked my former girlfriend in the back of her car over Thanksgiving break, ok? Like -- I know what I'm doing." Logan picked up a cookie he didn't want and shoved it into his mouth.
"Wow -- ok. Take it easy. No offense. It's just...well, we've been pretty exclusive with each other, aside from Derek." Aidan looked apologetically at his roommate. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to sound the way I did."
"It's okay." Logan finished his cookie and looked at his friend. "I think I'm just nervous."
"Yeah you are!" Aidan flashed his trademark awesome grin that caused his eyes to twinkle with mischief. "But, you'll be just fine. And -- we'll be together. It's either both of us, or neither of us. Deal?"
Logan nodded his head in agreement as both girls had risen and were walking in their direction.
Addressing them both, Tiffany asked, "Would you fellows be interested in joining us at our apartment for a few drinks?" Logan looked at Katie and she smiled at him, making his face turn scarlet.
"Your apartment?" Aidan asked curiously.
"Yeah, we're juniors. So, we aren't required to live on campus anymore and thank God for that!" Somehow that piece of critical information hadn't been mentioned during introductions and the boys had just assumed the girls were both underclassmen like them.
"Ah -- very nice," Aidan stated. "We'd love to, right Logan?"
Overcoming his shyness the moment Katie smiled at him, Logan piped up clearly and with confidence. "It would be a pleasure. Can we bring anything?"
Aidan looked at his friend in amused amazement. It appeared he was a different individual, and a grin spread across his face.That kid has come a long way since I first met him, he thought.This is going to be wicked fun!
"Nope -- we've got everything covered. Just bring your cute little selves and we'll have a party," answered Tiffany, reaching out to hug Aidan as Katie stepped up to hug Logan.
It was a fine evening for walking -- one of those clear nights with a slight chill in the air that smelled sweet and fragrant from all the foliage and greenery specifically created by spring. The little group walked through campus and towards a row of apartment buildings that line one of the main arteries into town.
They entered the fourth building and walked up a flight of stairs to the second apartment on the left. Once inside, Tiffany directed the boys. "Why don't you guys sit down and make yourselves comfortable. I'll grab some beer." She gave them a wide smile, exposing a cute dimple in her left cheek that only added to her natural beauty.
"Sounds great," answered Aidan, who had already marched into the living area and plopped himself down on the couch.
Logan walked over to the window and looked out. There was a nice view of both the campus to his right and the center of town to his left. "This is a pretty nice place. Conveniently located near everything."
Tiffany came into the living room carrying a case of beer and set it down on the carpeted floor. "Yes, it is. Katie and I love it here. You guys should consider applying for one of these apartments next year -- but you better jump on it quick because these places go pretty fast." She sat down and rested her back against the fall wall.
Aidan got up and plucked out a can of beer, flipping the tab open and taking a gulp. "That would be perfect, but next year Logan and I will be studying abroad. We're headed to the campus in Copenhagen, so maybe our senior year."
The boys had decided to take advantage of the international campus their college had in Denmark. It was one of the great features of their college and a growing trend throughout most four-year institutions nowadays. Logan could continue his studies in business while Aidan would pursue his interests in political affairs and history.
Katie returned from one of the back bedrooms holding a large, dark green bong and a lighter and sat on the floor next to Tiffany.
"Whoa," Aidan said. "That's some bong."
"Yes it is!" agreed Katie, who promptly lit up and inhaled deeply. When she exhaled, she handed the lighter to her roommate and passed the bong.
Logan and Aidan had smoked pot of course -- that was simply a rite of passage at college, but it wasn't something they did very often. Still, they were intrigued by the contraption and open to partaking, especially if the girls were.
The bong was passed around the room from person to person several times and it didn't take long for everyone to start feeling the immediate effects. Aidan reclined into the couch on one side while Logan slid lower on the opposite end. Small talk ensued about one thing and another until Tiffany decided it was time to get down to business.
"So...you guys gay?" She looked first at Logan and then Aidan. When neither boy spoke up, she continued. "I mean...I assumed you were gay...or bi...or something. Otherwise you wouldn't have been at the Diversity club meeting."
Truthfully, the boys didn't really know what to call themselves. They never thought of what they had and shared together in terms of labels. While they loved each other and certainly enjoying all the things they did together, they also especially had fun exploring their sexuality with others -- which is exactly what led them to where they were at that precise moment.
"Ummm...well..." Aidan began, trying hard to collect his thoughts as they had become clouded.
"I'm not sure we ever decided on that," Logan answered, looking over at his friend. Then he turned his head back towards the two girls seated on the living room floor. "We fool around together -- we've fooled around with others too. I guess you could say we're exploring our options."
Aidan had a delayed reaction to what Logan said but eventually nodded his head slightly and smiled. For the second time that evening, Logan had surprised him. Despite being a relatively quiet and shy introvert when they had first met, Logan was maturing into a rather confident and well-spoken man. It made him that much more attractive to Aidan.
"I see. I can understand that perfectly," Tiffany replied. "Katie and I have also been...exploring...since we arrived on campus our freshman year -- and we've had quite a bit of fun."
"We have too!" Logan reached down and grabbed the bong for another hit. When he finished, Katie scooted forward and took one for herself.
"Well, I'm going to get right to the point," Tiffany began. "To be honest, Katie and I are voyeurs. We love to watch others and be watched, you know what I mean?"
"Yeah," answered Logan while Aidan sat up straight for the first time since he had arrived.
"You mean...you fool around together while other people watch you?" spoke Aidan slowly, trying to process what he was saying as it came out of his mouth.
"Exactly," Katie said. "We put on a show for others. We do that shit all the time on Chaturbate and Omegle. It's fucking awesome and we love it. Have you guys ever done that?"
"As a matter of fact we have!" said Logan enthusiastically, sliding forward until his ass was halfway off the couch. "Just a few times but it's always a whole lotta fun!"
"That's good news," interjected Tiffany. "So, here's our idea. Katie and I will mess around together if you two will mess around and we can all watch at the same time."
"No sex?" asked Aidan. Then, sensing his timing was off or that his question was ill-suited, he tried to salvage the situation. "That's cool. I mean, I'd love to watch."
"Here's the thing -- stud," Tiffany began. "Katie and I are a couple. We are committed to each other. Whenever we play together, we play with girls. However, we love to watch guys beat themselves off and suck each other. Can you guys do that?"
"Yes," Logan stated quickly and with emphasis. "I'd fucking love to jerk my cock in front of you. That would be hot."
When everyone turned to look at Aidan, he took a couple seconds to respond but this time his answer was spot on! "Hell yeah. We can do that. We're great at that."
Tiffany and Katie looked at each other and smiled while nodding their heads. It appeared they had chosen wisely that night.
"Great fucking answer," Katie said. She stood up, grabbed the bong and placed it on an end table. "Go ahead then boys. Why don't you strip naked for us?"
"Yeah -- let us watch you take your clothes off. Everything. Nice and slow." Tiffany slid back to rest against the wall opposite their couch as Katie moved around to sit next to her.
Logan and Aidan exchanged looks and smiled. This was not the experience either of them had anticipated but...they were going to make the most of the situation.
Standing first, Logan took a couple paces forward and kicked off his Keds, a dark brown hue that perfectly matched the color of his Bahama shorts that evening. When he pulled off his navy blue polo shirt the girls whistled and gave a little cheer.
"Oh, look at that nice smooth chest. You're a little hotty Logan," came Katie's voice and it turned him on immeasurably.
"Let's see the rest of you," Tiffany chimed in, her long legs spread out in front of her as she smiled approvingly at him.
Smiling broadly, his mind a blur and feeling fine all over, Logan took another step and slid his shorts down to reveal a boner sprouting inside his boxers.
"Aw yeah! You're hard already. I fucking love it!" Tiffany sat up straighter against the wall and waited anxiously to see the rest.
"Come on baby," Katie encouraged. "Drop them and show us everything you got!"
Hooking his thumbs inside the boxers, Logan pulled down to let his stiff cock bounce straight up to greet the girls who cheered even louder this time.
"Oh baby!" Katie eyes flew open wide as she stared at Logan's package. "That's a great looking cock Logan. Look at the head on that thing." She turned toward Tiffany and poked her roommate in the arm with her elbow. "Man, I bet that feels good in your mouth, doesn't Aidan?"
"Play with yourself Logan," Tiffany added. "Show us how you do it. Give us a show."
Logan had fully immersed himself into the situation and was having a fabulous time. He took a couple more steps forward, squatted slightly and started beating himself off right in front of the two girls as they egged him on and cheered for more.
Not to be outdone, Aidan got up and started undressing as well.
"It's about fucking time," Tiffany called out. "Finally decided to join the show?"
Turning around to see his friend, Logan backed up and allowed Aidan center stage. "Your turn now buddy. Get naked for these fine young ladies," he said. Aidan chuckled and kept stripping. When he was naked the girls applauded loudly.
"Kiss each other -- come on!" Katie cheered. "Show us something. Feel each other up, start having fun together. Forget we're here."
"Yeah -- that's it. Do your thing," Tiffany teased. Leaning against the wall she spread her legs and began rubbing a hand in between.
The boys came together and started kissing passionately as their nude bodies pressed firmly against each other. Tongues darted inside their mouths while hands caressed their bodies -- and two hard dicks rested on one another as the girls offered up encouragement and soft moans of approval.
"That is so fucking hot!" Katie said. "Come on, it's our turn. Let's show these boys what we can do!" She stood up and pulled her top off, then reached behind her and unclipped her bra to let it fall to the ground. The boys stopped long enough to see her big set of tits jut out before them.
"Shit yeah!" Aidan said. "Nice tits!"
Katie rubbed her hands over her breasts and squeezed her nipples as the boys looked on, then she turned to help Tiffany up off the floor.
Bending her head, Tiffany sucked on Katie's tiny nipples while running a hand in between her roommate's legs. Katie moved her hands down and began unbuckling Tiffany's pants, then pulled them down to expose her roommate's nicely shaved black pussy.
Before anyone knew what was happening, both girls were completely naked with Tiffany's legs spread in the air and Katie in between licking her friend's snatch. Logan and Aidan stopped what they were doing to watch.
"Come over here and jerk that thing right in front of me." Tiffany was looking directly at Logan. "I want to see it up close." Logan walked right over and knelt on his knees next to Tiffany's face, tugging his dick as his balls bounced around underneath. "Mmm...that's nice," Tiffany said, lifting her face to kiss the large, rounded head of Logan's prick. "I bet that would feel nice inside."
"It does," Aidan chimed in while walking up on Tiffany's other side as Katie's face remained buried between her roommate's legs. He knelt down as well so that on either side of Tiffany there was a boy whacking off.
Katie stood up and started fingering herself. "Let's do a 69!"
"I will if they will," Tiffany answered.
"Done!" Logan stated emphatically. He rose and walked around to where Aidan was kneeling as the girls repositioned themselves on the carpeted floor.
Grabbing Aidan's hard cock, Logan gave a yank as his roommate toppled on top of him and the boys started wrestling and rolling around much to the amusement of the girls who laughed and cheered them on.
"That's it! Oh, my God -- you guys are fun!" Tiffany clapped as her smooth, silky black legs walked around them.
The girls lay on the floor with Katie on the bottom and Tiffany over her -- nice ass in the air -- as they started licking and sucking each other's pussies.
The boys settled down and turned on their sides, devouring each other's pricks immediately. They were both incredibly turned on and ready for release.
For the next several minutes all that could be heard was moaning and groaning as the girls ate one another out and the boys sucked cock.
Katie stuck a couple fingers in Tiffany's twat as she lapped at her friend's juices, while Tiffany dove her face deeper into Katie's muff and tickled her clit with a tongue.
When Tiffany came up for air she implored the boys, "Let me know when you're going to cum -- I wanna watch that."
Muffled assurances came from the boys as they played with each other's balls while sucking. It had never felt so great to be giving and receiving a blowjob while two beautiful naked girls fingered and slurped one another right next to them.
All at once Logan went rigid, took Aidan's dick out of his mouth and rolled over. "I'm gonna cum!" He had just enough time to get on his knees in front of Tiffany's face as spurts of white jizz flew out the tip of his prick onto her neck and chest. "UGH! OH FUCK! Ahhhh...mmmm...yeah, yeah, yeah...fuck yeah," he exclaimed as load after load dumped onto Tiffany.
Before he had finished, Aidan slid over. "My turn. Where do you want it?"
"Dump it on me," came Katie's voice as she moved her mouth away from her roommate's cunt long enough to speak.
Aidan positioned himself and jerked his stick for all it was worth. Within seconds, he also screamed out in pleasure as his seed spilled down onto Katie's voluptuous tits. "Oh Christ, man! Holy shit!"
"Aw...hell yeah," Katie said. "Look at that load!"
When both boys had drained their pipes, Tiffany offered up some instructions. "Rest up fellas -- I'm sure you can recharge quickly. In the meantime, watch us play for a while."
It was Logan and Aidan's turn to lean against the far wall as their newfound friends finger fucked and licked each other's pussy, pressing their bodies together and smearing the boys' load all over each other. Soon, they switched into the scissors position, legs entwined as their soft, wet vaginas brushed against one another.
Katie reached down and rubbed on her clit. "I wanna cum so bad baby," she said while looking into her friend's eyes. They smiled lustfully while grinding their hips together. "Make me cum Tiff -- make me cum!"
"Squirt your juice Katie baby. Squirt that shit right in my hole. I want you to cum on me." Tiffany started rubbing her clit vigorously. "Yeah -- that's it baby. Let's cum together. You and me -- come on."
Both girls arched their hips up and down as their pussy lips smacked and kissed one another, each massaging their clit in rhythm with their movements. Katie tipped her head back as her large breasts jutted outwards while Tiffany's long legs wound around her friend's body, squeezing tightly.
Katie looked over at the boys who sat mesmerized against the wall. "I'm gonna cum for you guys. Oh...yeah...I'm gonna cum so bad. OH -- here it comes!" Katie bucked her pussy hard against Tiffany's as the girls held onto each other's legs and screamed. "OH YEAH! YES!" Katie screamed.
Just then, Tiffany added her voice and the solo cries of passion became a duet. The boys had never heard anything as wonderful in their lives, turning their flaccid sticks back into rigid bean poles ready for more action.
As the girls screamed and writhed in each other's grip, black legs over white legs with their pussies grinding away as they climaxed, the boys started pulling on their dinks again. How could they not?
When the girls had finished they collapsed onto the floor breathing hard. Neither Logan nor Aidan knew what to do or what came next, so they just sat there playing with themselves.
Eventually Tiffany got up and walked to stand naked before the boys. What a body! She looked down as the boys jerked their meat. She squatted down in front of them and inserted two fingers into her hole. She was still so wet that her juices made squishing sounds as her fingers slammed in and out, and the boys grew increasingly excited.
Tiffany's little tits hardly moved, but her long black legs went up and down as she cupped a breast and kept ramming her muff. "I wanna watch you guys fuck."
The boys had done a lot together and with other people, but they had never fucked in front of anyone else. That was something they did in private, something just between the two of them. As Aidan stared silently at Tiffany, it was left to Logan to explain the situation.
"Um...just like you beautiful ladies...there are some things we only do with each other. Fucking is one of them," Logan stated.
Katie rolled over on her side to watch the boys sit there stroking their cocks as her roommate continue to finger herself. Unable to stop, Katie spread her legs wide and started rubbing on her clit.
"Ok. I can appreciate that," Tiffany answered. "There are some things that are meant to be private."
"What else do you want us to do?" Aidan asked, eager to keep the party going.
"Suck each other off," Katie answered. "I'm gonna sit on the couch and finger myself. Why don't you blow each other in front of me?"
"Great idea Katie baby," Tiffany agreed. "I'll join you. I'd like an up close and personal view of that myself."
And just like that the two girls positioned themselves on the couch and spread their legs wide. Tiffany's right leg resting on top of Katie's left leg as the boys stood up sporting nice boners. They walked forward to stand in front of the two girls.
Tiffany stretched out an arm. "Now, before you start...since we've all had that first orgasm...I want you boys to just stand there and play with yourselves a little bit while we play with ourselves."
Taking a step closer so that his knees hit the couch in between Tiffany's legs, Logan started slowly jerking his stick while cupping his balls. "Like this? Is this what you want to see?"
"That's exactly what I want to see Logan -- nice and slow. Let me see that beautiful big head on your cock turn shades of bright red." Tiffany reclined back into the couch. Her left hand squeezed one of her breasts as her right hand played with her pink snatch.
"And you," Katie said looking at Aidan, "You come right in front of me and do that. Let me look at your nice hard dick while you play with yourself."
Aidan followed her instructions and positioned himself between Katie's spread legs.
For quite some time, the quartet pleasured themselves. While Katie and Tiffany lay back on the couch with their legs spread and fingers sliding in and out of their wet holes, Logan and Aidan stood in front of them pulling on their pricks as they all watched each other. For the boys, this was perhaps the most erotic thing they had ever been a part of.
When Katie reached over and began playing with her roommate's pussy, Tiffany reciprocated as they both continued to watch the boys play with themselves. Without any instruction this time, Logan reached over and started jerking Aidan and, likewise, Aidan did the same for his friend.
The boys had always found it fantastic to jerk off with someone else but they had never suspected they would ever be masturbating together with some girls. This definitely heightened the moment, brought something new and different into the equation and they were having a great time.
"Suck his dick Logan," Katie implored. "I wanna see you blow him."
Needing no further instruction, Logan lowered himself in front of Aidan, grabbed his friend's dick and started sucking on it like the pro he had become.
"Oh, yeah -- that's it!" Tiffany stated. "Suck that dick Logan. Suck it good."
Aidan ran his hands through his roommate's hair to grab the back of his head. "Yeah man. That feels fucking great."
The girls had resumed playing with themselves. Katie's large tits bounced and swayed as three fingers pounded her muff, while Tiffany's moans grew louder as she did the same. These boys knew how to put on a show and were having fun, which was the biggest turn-on for the girls. This was exactly why they liked to watch boys play together. Unlike most, however, Aidan and Logan were not shy.
All too soon, Aidan squinted his eyes and thrust his pelvis upwards. "Oh shit. I'm gonna cum."
"Aw yeah. Fucking cum Aidan. Squirt your boy juice in his mouth," Katie called out.
Hearing her voice encouraging him was too much and Aidan erupted. He bent at the knees as his dick spurted goo inside his friend's mouth. It felt unbelievable.
Logan swallowed his roommate's load as he cupped Aidan's balls while the girls watched. When he was done, Logan kissed his friend's shrinking penis lovingly -- licking the tip one more time for good measure -- before letting it resume its normal position. Then he rose and turned toward the girls who were still aggressively rubbing their snatches and groaning in pleasure.
"Come over here," Katie told Logan. "Stand in front of me."
Logan took a step to his left as Aidan slid out of the way to go sit in the only chair in the living room and watch whatever was left of this show.
"Yeah baby," Katie encouraged Logan. "That's it. Watch me play with myself while you stroke it."
She grabbed one of her full breasts and spread her legs as wide as they would go, both feet up in the air with her toes pointing toward the ceiling. Katie's very wet pussy squished with every pump her fingers made, intoxicating Logan as he played with himself.
Tiffany got off the couch and stood next to Logan. Then she leaned down and stuck her tongue out to lick Katie's clit. Katie pulled Tiffany's face into her wet snatch. "Oh, yeah Tiff -- lick me. Yeahhhhh...that's it."
Logan remained there pulling lightly on his stick while enjoying the show. He didn't want to bust his nut too soon. He was rather having fun just playing with it anyway -- like maintaining a buzz after you start drinking.
Once Tiffany plunged two fingers inside her roommate's pussy it was all over. Katie bucked her hips, burying Tiffany's face in between as she screamed with ecstasy. "Whoa -- oh, Christ yes! YES! Fuck yeah, lick me. I'm cumming. I'm CUMMING! I'm CUMMING! Ahhhhhhh...oh, yeah...."
When Tiffany removed her mouth from Katie's spent twat the girls exchanged kisses as their tongues darted in and out of each other's mouths. As they parted, Katie melted back into the couch and squeezed her large breasts. She looked up at Logan, who was still standing there stroking his cock slowly back and forth. "Mmm...that was fucking great."
Standing back up next to him, Tiffany looked down at Logan's hard cock. She spread her legs and lifted her right foot onto the couch, then began to rub her clit vigorously. "My turn to cum, and I want to watch you jack off while I do it."
"Ok." Logan turned slightly to his right so he faced Tiffany and they watched each other masturbate.
Tiffany moved her hips back and forth as her fingers worked their magic on her pussy. Logan marveled at her gorgeous dark body -- small tits with nice, hard black nipples poking out before him; long, luxurious legs that seemed endless; a rounded ass that tightened in rhythm to her fingers sliding inside. He didn't know how long he could hold out but was having the time of his life and feeling better than he had ever felt before.
"That a boy!" called Aidan from behind him, seated in the chair and watching quite a show. "Give it all you got."
"You need to bring your ass over here and finish off your friend," Tiffany told Aidan. "Let me see you swallow his cum like he did for you."
"Oh! Hell, yes!" Katie chimed in.
Aidan practically hopped out of the chair and came over to kneel before his roommate. He grab hold of Logan's dick and promptly slid it into his mouth.
"Awww...fuck!" Logan said as he tilted his head back to feel the great sensation of his friend's warm mouth.
"Yeahhhhh...that's it!" Tiffany said. "Suck him off Aidan." By now, Tiffany had spread her legs wider and was pummeling her twat with three fingers, making the familiar juicy sounds as her breathing intensified. "Oh, God...you guys make me so wet. I'm gonna cum."
Stretching her left hand out, Tiffany braced herself against Logan's bare chest. She ran the hand over his nipple, then down his side and across his belly. "Mmm...that's nice Logan."
Watching this beautiful specimen masturbate while she caressed his body was too much. Logan stiffened. "HO! Oh, man...I'm cumming. Here it cums."
Aidan opened his mouth nice and wide as the girls watched Logan spurt his white goo. The first shot out and hit his roommate on the forehead.
"Hell yeah!" Tiffany squealed with delight, bending closer to Logan while her fingers sent chills throughout her own body.
The next two squirts of jizz flew inside Aidan's mouth and down his throat. Then, he wrapped his lips over Logan's dick and began sucking out what was left.
Logan took a deep breath after his final discharge just as Tiffany's eyes flew open. She looked right at him and smiled as she creamed, then leaned into him for support as her innards erupted. It sent spasms to every corner of her body. "UGH...OH, my...oh, Christ...I...I...Oh, my God!"
When it was all over, Katie and Tiffany slumped down into the couch as the boys sat on the carpeted floor below them. Nobody said a word -- each lost in their own thoughts and enjoying a little down times as their bodies returned to a state of normalcy.
At some point Katie got up to retrieve her bong and everyone took several hits. Aidan in particular seemed to have found a new fascination. It was after Tiffany finished her third turn that anyone spoke up.
"Well, boys," Katie said. "While this has been fucking unbelievable, it's getting late and I've got an early start tomorrow."
"Yes," added her roommate. "I have to say you boys have been quite a lot of fun. It's a shame you'll be going overseas next year because we could have had a lot of fun together." She rose from the couch and reached down to help pull Logan up from the floor.
Tiffany took Logan by the hand as they walked naked into one of the bedrooms in the back while Katie got off the couch to sit next to Aidan.
Aidan couldn't see straight from the effects of all the pot he had smoked, but he had never felt better. Still, if someone had told him that Katie was running her hands over his limp noodle he wouldn't have believed it. Then, without warning, Katie leaned her nude body into his and they kissed.
Once in Tiffany's bedroom, she turned to face Logan. "It really is too bad you won't be around next year because I would let you fuck me anytime and anyplace Logan." She wrapped her long arms around him, pressing her warm naked body into his as they, too, shared a long and tender kiss.
After what seemed like an eternity to Aidan, his lips separate from Katie's and she bent her head down low to kiss his penis one time. "Time to get you dressed, or I might have to just fuck you right where you sit."
Aidan stared at Katie, head weaving from side to side, trying to process what she just said. "Wha -- what? I thought...I mean...I don't understand. What?"
Katie giggled at him. "My God you're high!"
"I know. I feel great," Aidan answered slowly, his eyes bloodshot red with a groggy expression across his face.
Getting up from the floor and yanking Aidan with her, Katie proceeded to gather his clothes and helped him get dressed while searching the floor for her own heap of clothing.
In the other room, Tiffany's lips started nuzzling against and kissing on Logan's neck and that caused his dick to spring alive. "Oh...that's nice," she said. Then she bent down and started sucking on the large, rounded head of his dick as Logan gasped out loud.
Before things got out of hand, Tiffany took Logan's prick in her hands, gave it a nice kiss on the tip, and stood up to face him. "I really do want that thing inside me, but now is not the time."
Logan, too, was confused by all of this. While the drug had effected his mental acuity as well, he was still completely functioning. "I thought you and Katie were exclusive? Like -- you only played around with each other and other girls."
Tiffany looked at him and smiled wide. "Well, that's true. When we're together." Then, after a brief pause she offered up a further explanation. "On our own -- we like to fuck guys. It's only when we're alone together that we play with each other and other girls. Pretty much like what you and Aidan have from the sounds of it. I mean, you admitted you're exploring...so are we. And I'd like to explore you all over!"
"That would be nice." Logan didn't know what else to say.
"Yes, it would. But, unfortunately, that doesn't seem likely now." Tiffany reached down and took hold of his penis, which was slowly shrinking down to size. "Still, I got a little alone time with you and that'll have to do."
Logan chuckled softly at her. "Yeah -- it's better than nothing, and I had a great fucking time."
"Good. Me too!" Tiffany leaned in and they kissed again.
When everyone was dressed the boys headed for the door. Logan turned to face the girls. "Well, ladies. I really don't know what to say, except thanks for a great night."
"You're welcome," Katie answered as Tiffany simply winked at him and smiled knowingly.
As the boys walked slowly and unsteadily back to their dorm room they discussed their evening and the remarkable experience they had.
"Un -- fucking -- believable," came Logan's voice.
"Yeah. That Diversity club is wild. I kinda wish we had been going all the time," Aidan added as he stumbled around while Logan tried to keep him from falling over.
What a way to end their sophomore year together. It had been filled with ups and downs, but the boys had remained close and continued to experiment with each other while also having some opportunities to learn and experience some things with others.
Still, what had happened to them this night had been completely unexpected and surprising. What neither of them knew at that moment was that their entire summer was going to be full of surprises -- some good and some bad. For now, Aidan and Logan wandered arm and arm through campus as they slowly made their way back to the dorm while looking expectantly toward summer vacation.
To be continued...