Copyright © 2022 : Rae Finley, All Rights Reserved
This work may not be published under any circumstances without this copyright.
*****
Victor's eyes widened in surprise at my soft reply and one of the other three let out a breath of shock. I was a little surprised myself. He was a complete stranger I'd just met. Why did it matter so much to me that he knew I wasn't a virgin? It took a few seconds as his eyes searched mine, looking for something, before he finally responded.
"You're not huh?"
I nodded slowly and my eyes flicked quickly down to his lips before going back up to meet his gaze once more. I could see the small light of desire burning in his eyes and knew mine held the same flame. I knew nothing about this man other than the fact that I wanted him. Victor turned away and quickly closed the hood of the car, the loud bang echoing through the quiet space.
Before I could ask what he was doing he turned back around and picked me up without warning. I let out a yelp in surprise and grabbed onto him instinctively. He sat me down gently on the hood and leaned over me, his face only inches from mine.
"And why would you want me to know that?"
"I- I don't know. It just seemed important."
He chuckled lightly and I felt my face blush a deep red. It seemed important... God what was I thinking? I sounded like an idiot. I glanced over his shoulder and saw Tommy, Carl, and Marco all staring at us intently. Immediately my gaze dropped to my lap, suddenly very aware of the spectacle we had been putting on. We hadn't even been remotely subtle about it...
Victor tucked his finger under my chin and gently lifted my head so my eyes once again met his. For the first time he actually had a soft, gentle look in his eyes.
"Hey, don't worry about them. Focus on me."
I nodded slowly and he smiled before gently sliding his hand further back, to cup the side of my face in his huge hand. Then he was leaning in, slowly moving closer. I let my eyes flutter closed and then his lips met mine.
He kissed me slowly and gently as if he was worried he might break me or scare me away. But there was no chance of that happening. Our lips moved against each other and it felt like every nerve in my body was on fire. I lifted my arms and placed my hands against the front of his uniform, tightening them into fists as I gripped the fabric.
I pulled him slightly closer to me, not wanting to push my luck but also desperately wanting to close the distance between us. I felt him smile slightly against my lips and he moved one hand down to support himself against the hood of the car as his other hand dropped to the bare skin on my thigh.
I drew in a sharp breath at the contact of where his hand rested on my bare leg. He was barely touching me and it felt incredible. It was as if someone had injected an aphrodisiac directly into my bloodstream. He nipped at my bottom lip and my lips curled into a small smile. Victor slipped his tongue out licking my bottom lip and I opened my mouth more than willingly to him.
It slid into my mouth caressing and exploring as I did the same with mine. I tried to focus solely on the kiss but I was acutely aware of his hand inching up my leg towards the hem of my skirt. I wanted to beg him to just take it off, at this point I didn't really care I just needed to feel him on my body.
I let my legs part slightly, just enough to let him know to continue what he was doing and he was more than willing to comply. His fingertips were at the hem of my skirt toying with the fabric and softly stroking back and forth along the bare skin that was just beneath it. I groaned softly into his mouth and felt him smile once more in appreciation.
He released my mouth but didn't pull back, instead kissing along the corner of my lips and down to my jawline. And began working his way down my jaw to my neck. He was teasing me on purpose. I was sure of it. He knew exactly what I wanted and was going to take his sweet time getting there. Well maybe there was something I could do about that...
I let go of his shirt and moved my hands behind me, planting them flat against the metal. Then pushed against them sliding myself forward and closer to him. I spread my legs apart further so they wouldn't get in the way of me getting us as close as possible.
Fortunately for me the fabric of the dress didn't completely move with me, and as I slid forward it pushed the hem higher up my legs, exposing all but an inch or two at the very top of my thighs. I placed each of my legs on either side of him and moved my hands back to his chest. Now we were getting somewhere.
My core was only a few inches from him now and I was hoping he could feel the heat coming off of me. I tilted my head back giving him more access to my bare throat and I felt him grin before biting softly at the skin. I moaned loudly and felt him pause his movements. He moved back from me, I opened my eyes to see him turned around gesturing something to the others.
I had completely forgotten they were even here. I moved my hands down to my skirt trying to pull it down when Victor caught both of my wrists in his hands. Holding them still and preventing me from readjusting to cover myself. I looked up and saw him staring down at me with the same hard look in his eyes as before.
"Leave it."
I frowned and stared up at him.
"But everyone can see me. It just makes me feel kind of... exposed. You know? We're not alone after all."
He shook his head slowly and bent forward again to kiss and lick the spot just behind my ear, drawing out a low groan from the back of my throat. Then moved slightly to whisper in my ear, his hot breath adding a different type of pleasure to the experience.
"Leave it, just pretend they're not here."
I wanted to protest. I did, but as he said it he released my wrists and moved both his hands to the hemline of my skirt. Slowly drawing patterns on the bare skin with both of them. Instead, I nodded ever so slightly in acceptance and he went back to kissing my neck. His fingers stopped moving and he laid his hands flat against my legs, with his thumbs curling around on either side to the sensitive skin of my inner thigh.
The sound of the large garage closing made me turn my head slightly but Victor quickly turned me back and I drew in a sharp breath as he slowly began stroking his thumbs back and forth tickling the soft skin on my inner thighs. The anticipation was killing me. He was only a few small inches away from where I wanted him. And somehow he felt far away and also so close it was making me ache.
I lifted my hands to his arms and gripped the hard muscles in his biceps trying to gently push his hands further up my legs. But, yet again, he didn't budge an inch. I groaned in frustration and he chuckled against my neck.
"Patience princess. I know what I'm doing."
My heart jumped a little at his words. He already had a nickname for me? He'd called me it earlier but I didn't think he'd stick with it. I felt like I should be upset by it but it didn't upset me. Actually it was kind of sweet.
I smiled softly in response and decided to just let him take his time and enjoy the buildup. Then he kissed my soft spot and all of that went out the window. I moaned and arched my back pushing myself closer to his body, immediately back to wanting us both naked right that second.
He moved his hands up gripping my waist and moving me back to where I was making me sigh in my continued frustration. At least he kept kissing and licking at my soft spot, and man did it feel incredible. His lips combined with his facial hair gave an amazing mix of soft and scratching that kept me very much on edge.
This man hadn't even touched anywhere all that private and I already felt like I might cum. I swallowed and moved my hands back to his chest again trying to pull him closer. I couldn't take it anymore.
"Please Victor. I need you, you're driving me nuts."
He froze and I heard him swallow loudly before pulling back to meet my eyes with his. His brown eyes looked almost black and were overflowing with lust as he stared at me.
"Say that again."
I paused for a moment trying to remember what the hell I'd even said when it clicked and I realized what he'd liked.
"Victor, please. I can't wait anymore. I want you to touch me. No. I need you to. Please, I'm begging you."
He groaned and slammed his lips against mine, finally done with the slow and steady pace he'd kept up much longer than I thought he would. I grinned and met his hard kiss with one of my own, as he finally moved his hands pushing my dress up. I put my hands behind me again, lifting myself just enough for him to push it up and over my ass to bunch up around my waist.
Victor curled his hands around my hips gripping them tightly, digging his fingers into the skin and pulling me to the very edge so I was fully up against him. I felt his hard cock straining against the material and ground myself against him desperately.
He moaned and it may have been the sexiest sound I'd ever heard in my life. Then grabbed my hips and held me still as he pulled back for a second to catch his breath.
"Damn woman, you're a fucking vixen."