Mayhem in Miami
Shannons first encounter with Tad
South Beach, Miami, 11 am
The warm sand toasted Shannon's bronzed, glistening body as she relaxed in the bright sunshine. Her near naked body was barely covered in an impossibly small, sheer, teal green wicked weasel microminimus thong. She ordered the new bikini online just for this weekend trip to Miami. Joel lay next to her trying to read a book as he watched a sea of hardbodies prancing by in front of him. It was the couples first trip to sexy South Beach and so far it was living up to all their expectations. Joel's abs rippled and his package bulged in his small, black, form fitting boy shorts. The sight of his wife tanning topless next to him kept his cock in a permanent semi hard condition that his boy shorts displayed majestically. It had been three weeks since their last trip to Bull Riders and both of them were incredibly horny and excited to play again. After their last outing Shannon had proudly showed Joel the note Tad had left for her on the bar napkin. When Joel read the words written on the napkin. (I am going to fuck you hard, very soon, and you and your husband are going to love it.) He smiled and immediately told Shannon his thoughts about planning a weekend trip to Miami. Shannon immediately agreed and added some suggestions that she thought were major improvements.
"I just love going to the beach and tanning," Shannon sighed contentedly as she rolled over onto her back. The teal microminimus thong she was wearing slid between her pussy lips causing her to carefully adjust it before spreading her legs wide open on her beach towel.
"I love watching you tan in that non existent bikini," Joel chuckled as he admired his wife's topless body laying on her large beach towel. He loved how her massive tits arose from her chest like two small mountain peeks.
"Could you please apply some more tanning oil on my front honey."
"Would love to," Joel laughed as he slowly squirted puddles of oil onto his wife's porn star body. His hands roamed all over her tight curves. With a mischievous smile he made sure to spend extra time on her naked tits and creamy inner thighs. The sight of his wife exposed to all the admiring viewers on South Beach filled him with a sense of immense pride.
Shannon's body glistened in the bright sun after Joel massaged on the fresh application of oil. Sighing, she leaned back and arched her chest, soaking in the atmosphere of South Beach. Laying back down on her towel she smiled at how well Joel and her fit in with the hordes of nearly naked hard bodies publicly displaying themselves.
"What time do you think Tad will get here?" Shannon asked Joel as she took in the abs of a hot guy walking by on the waterline with the waves lapping against his ankles.
"He said around seven, but I think it will be closer to eight or nine. I don't think he planned on the construction outside of Tampa."
"Ugh, I just can't wait," Shannon said as she lightly squeezed her nipples.
"We've been waiting for this since the first night we met Tad. Thinking about him fucking me has me so damn horny."
She glanced over at Joel as she made the statement and saw the veins of his hard cock pulsing underneath his tiny boy shorts.
"Every hot guy I see on the beach is making me hornier than hell. All I'm imagining today is Tad and you having your way with me!" Shannon stated matter of factly to her husband.
"I love it when you talk like that. I've been having very nasty thoughts running around my head from the second we booked this weekend get away. It is pretty funny how Tad was able to open his schedule up so quickly to meet us here," Joel chucked as he winked at his wife.
"Your first time with another man will be so much easier with a guy you have already been fantasizing about," Joel said as a big breasted brunette sauntering by in a tiny black bikini.
"South Beach is the perfect sexy location to make it happen! You can just feel the sexual energy pulsing from this city," Shannon replied.
"I'm getting kind of hot. I'm gonna take a dip in the ocean, you want to walk with me?"
"Nothing would make me happier than walking with my beautiful, horny, slutty wife," Joel replied as he quickly adjusted his semi hard cock in his skimpy boy shorts.
The two of them walked hand in hand into the foaming surf as hundreds of lustful eyes watched them. The hours passed quickly as the loving couple frolicked in the warm Florida water. The multitude of eyes watching them bathing in the sun and flaunting their sexy bodies was an electric feeling. At 5:00 the couple left South Beach to grab a bite to eat. After eating they went back to their hotel to shower, dress, and got ready for Tads much anticipated arrival later that evening.
____________________________________________________________________________
The hotel 6:30 pm
Warm water ran down in steamy rivulets over Shannon's deeply tanned body while she showered. The visible tan lines from her day at the beach popped brilliantly against her bronzed skin. Nervous energy pulsed through her as she fantasized about her impending debauchery. Joel was in the room strategically placing four separate minicams that would record the nights adventures from every possible angle. Joel had already showered and was dressed in the outfit Shannon had picked for him to wear, black dress pants, paired with a black tailored dress shirt.
"I laid your outfit out on the bed honey," Joel called out from across the room as Shannon stepped out of the shower and dried herself off.
"It's perfect babe," Shannon said, smiling in satisfaction at the outfit Joel had picked out for her.
On the bed lay only two items, a paper thin, silky, pink swirl pattern open front draped mini dress that was also totally backless. Joel paired it with a pair of pink eight inch stilettos that matched perfectly. She was also pleasantly surprised that Joel had not set out one of her tiny thongs. The thought of being totally bare underneath her dress made her smile mischievously. "Ok, so this is the way he wants to play it tonight," Shannon snickered to herself, well we'll see who gets the last laugh.
"I thought you would approve baby! That outfit is gonna turn some heads tonight."
"This dress is perfect for Miami, but we only need it to turn one head tonight. I don't care about any other guys hitting on me. My focus is gonna be on Tad and you baby," Shannon whispered in Joel's ear as she hugged him tightly.
"I'm all in baby, let's make some memories tonight." Joel whispered back softly into his loving wife's ear.
The HOTEL BAR 9:00pm
Tad drove the last few miles to Miami with a raging hard on throbbing in his tight jeans. He had been fantasizing about fucking Shannon for almost two months now. Knowing he was about to have his way with her pumped his testosterone levels to heights he had never experienced before. His balls ached from not cumming or masturbating for almost two and a half weeks. He received the dream call from Joel on a Wednesday night and immediately after hanging up decided to save as much cum up as he could for this night. His blue balls had been excruciating over the last week, but he knew the payoff would be worth it tonight. Tad pulled into the hotel lot and tossed the keys to his convertible mustang at the valet and walked with a purpose into the hotel bar.
Tad smiled greedily to himself as he scanned the dimly lit hotel lounge. He immediately saw his blonde goddess sitting next to her husband at the bar. The lounge was relatively empty with only Shannon and Joel at the bar. Another couple was sitting at one of the eight small tables scattered throughout the middle of the small lounge area. The couple was lost in a deep conversation and oblivious to the world around them. Across the bar two single men were visibly ogling Shannon making no attempt to conceal their approval.
"Hmmm, the lack of people could make this very a interesting night," Tad muttered deviously under his breath.
Tad walked up behind Joel and lightly grabbed his shoulder.
"I'm here! The drive sucked, but I wouldn't have missed it for the world," Tad said happily as he shook Joel's hand. After greeting Joel he immediately moved to the open bar stool by Shannon.
"Awesome, glad to see you again," Joel replied with a beaming smile on his face.
Shannon pivoted on her bar stool with a pleased expression that clearly showed her excitement at Tad's arrival. But before she had a chance to utter a word to him he slipped one powerful arm around her waist while at the same time using his other hand to hold the back of her head. Tad ran his fingers through her luxurious platinum blonde hair and pulled her body close to his. He leaned in and kissed her deeply and passionately on her fire engine red lips. His tongue flicked in and out of Shannon's willing mouth as his powerful hands gripped her waist and head.
"Unnnngghh,". Shannon moaned as she reciprocated the kiss and began a passionate make out session right there in the bar while her husband watched.
"I've was thinking about that the whole way here," Tad whispered in Shannon's ear as he broke their passionate embrace.
"Well hello to you also," Shannon breathed heavily. "That was the best hello I've received...ever," she chucked as she glanced next to her, gauging her husbands reaction.
Joel was stunned at the bluntness of the greeting, but reassuringly massaged her shoulder as he leaned over and whispered in her ear.
"You looked so fucking hot kissing your boy toy, I approve one hundred percent".
She glanced back at Tads lips and noticed them covered in her red lipstick and chuckled to herself.
"Here honey, let me get that lipstick off you," Shannon winked at Tad while dipping a bar napkin in her water glass. She carefully leaned over, letting her massive breasts swing freely under her thin draped dress top. Tads lustful eyes did not fail to take in every magnificent curve of her sexy body.
"There we go, just let me wipe this for you...ok got it," Shannon swiveled back onto her barstool, and reapplied a fresh layer of lipstick with a deep sense of contentment. She thought dreamily about how the night couldn't have started out in a more amazing way.
Tad looked directly at Shannon, taking time to examine every inch of her deeply tanned body before shaking his head in approval.
"God damn you look hot! That dress is perfect, what there is of it, haha. Stand up and let me get a better look."
Shannon demurely eased off the bar stool and stood up. She smiled coyly as she slowly spun in a circle letting Tad and Joel take in every inch of her ultra short draped mini dress. She was surprised once again at the thrill she received from modeling her tiny little dress for the men. Maybe that would be something she would add to her bucket list she thought, grinning with a wolffish smile.
"Hot damn lady" the dark haired forty something man yelled from across the bar. Her make out session had obviously garnered the attention of the two men sitting at the other end of the bar. She grinned and blew a sexy kiss back at them before refocusing on Tad. Tonight was not the night to tease other men. She thought about how much she had loved Tads confident greeting. The forceful way he had just taken what he considered was his for the night sent shivers of excitement down her spine.
"You're looking very yummy tonight Tad," Shannon said as she admired Tad's toned 6'4 inch body. She carefully looked him up and down and nodded her head in approval. Tad was wearing a pair of tight designer jeans that prominently displayed his swollen package. He paired the jeans with a thin white shirt that he had unbuttoned down to the middle of his toned chest. He had left a slight stubble on his face that accentuated his rugged good looks.
"What you drinking Tad?" Joel asked his wife's new boyfriend.
"Get me a captain and coke, thanks," Tad replied as he slid his bar stool as close as he could to Shannon.
Joel waived the bartender over from her corner hideout were she was reading a book, totally unconcerned about the few customers and their activities in the lounge.
"What can I get you?" The bartender asked with an obvious look of annoyance about having to get up and actually do her job.
"Give this beautiful lady sitting next to me a margarita on the rocks. I'll have a corona, and a captain and coke for the guy next to her."
The bartender rolled her eyes as she began making the cocktails for the threesome sitting at her bar.
"How was the beach today? I wish I could have made it out earlier. I would have loved to get some rays with you guys," Tad asked as he slowly massaged Shannon's back with his right arm.
"It was great! South Beach is definitely an erotic place to visit. I've never seen so many hard bodies showing off in the same place before. We're going again tomorrow if you want to join us," Shannon said as she placed her left hand on Tads well muscled thigh.
"I wish I could, but I have to drive back tonight. I couldn't get a room anywhere near here so I figured I might as well make the drive after tonights activities. I'll catch up on sleep tomorrow," Tad said
"Fuck that, you're staying in our room tonight! We didn't invite you down here for a quickie. We have a king bed suite, so there is plenty of room for you. You ok with that honey?" Joel stated strongly, leaving no doubt about the situation.
"Am I ok with Tad in my bed all night?...ummm definitely! And he can wear one of your extra pairs of boy shorts on the beach tomorrow with us. I'm sure he will fill them out magnificently," Shannon purred as she slowly massaged Tads thigh.
"Perfect, thanks guys, I was really not looking forward to that early morning drive home and now I get the added bonus of seeing you in a bikini," Tad said gazing into Shannon's eyes.
"I'm sure you'll approve... just like all the men on the beach today," Joel snickered.
The lazy bartender slid the groups cocktails in front of them and said "enjoy," before returning to her dark corner and her book.
Joel grabbed his glass and raised it in the air.
"Cheers, here's to making memories tonight," Joel said as touched his beer to his wife's and her lovers cocktails.
The group each took a refreshing mouthful of their libations and began chatting about Bull Riders, what happened in the parking lot after, Tads note, and the events that led up to this weeks getaway to South Beach.
About a half hour later they once again had to prod the bartender for more drinks. Annoyed, they each ordered two drinks at a time along with two rounds of shots. The female bartender was not happy about making so many drinks and continually muttered under her breath. Annoyed, Tad reminded her with a sarcastic tone in his voice that she wouldn't have to get up again for awhile.
The group downed their first shot and quickly began on their second cocktail of the night. They continued to flirt and chat for the next hour. Joel could visibly see the sexual tension building between his wife and her new play toy. Joel glanced around the bar. The two men were still at the end of the bar, but were obviously intoxicated and no longer paying attention. The young couple was still at their table lost in their own world. A third older man had entered the lounge and was at a back table by himself watching a basketball game on tv. Liking what he saw in the bar, Joel got up, leaned over and whispered in his wife's ear.
"Follow my lead, and don't hold anything back," he then began kissing her neck lightly.
Joel stood up and moved between and behind Tad and Shannon's bar stools. In this position he was able to block the view of the couple who were sitting at the small cocktail table behind them. He then twisted Shannon's bar stool around so she was facing Tad with her back to the two drunks across the bar. The single guy at the side table could see what was happening if he looked , but he was totally engrossed in the ball game. Joel's next devious move was to spread Shannon's legs apart and slowly slide her dress up past her pussy mound.
Shannon gasped and Tad voiced his approval.
"Hell yes," Tad whispered quietly under his breath.
Shannon's fully shaved pussy was in full view to Tad and Joel. She spread her legs for the boys and luxuriated in the cool feeling the open air left on her exposed pussy. She thought back to Joel's choice of making her go commando. As she sat there with her legs spread eagle totally exposed she was thankful for his great foresight.
"OMG, look at your tan-lines! Your bikini must have been tiny! I love how your tan-lines barely cover your mound," Tad exclaimed.
Shannon's already wet box began visibly glistening the more Tad ogled her. She absolutely loved the attention she was receiving from this stud. Goosebumps broke out all over her body when she glanced at his crotch and saw his jeans straining to hold down his erection.
Tad reached his left hand over and began to slowly rub his hand up and down her inner thigh, massaging all the way up to her pussy lips. He only lightly and quickly touched the side of her pussy lips before returning to small talk with the couple.
"So when are you guys heading to Bull Riders again Tad commented as he continued to massage Shannon's inner thigh all the way up to her exposed pussy lips and all the way back down to her knee.
"I don't know, what do you think honey," Joel answered as he took his left hand and began to lightly trace and massage the curvature of her left breast. He deftly ran his fingers over the erroginous zone in the valley between the peeks of Shannon's 34dd breasts. As he touched her Shannon's nipples visibly hardened beneath the thin fabric of her minidress exclaiming to the whole lounge her sexual state of readiness.
"OMG guys you really know how to treat a lady!" Shannon breathed heavily. "Tad I plan on making Bull Riders my personal weekend destination every week from now on," Shannon panted as she was rubbed down by the roving hands of the horny men beside her.
She glanced around the room and was amazed no one was paying attention to the heavy petting happening at the bar.
"The couple at the table must be newlyweds," she thought to herself, paying particular attention to the way they were oblivious to any other person in the lounge.
"Ahhh, young love," she thought and smiled inwardly.
She looked behind her to see what the men at the bar behind her were doing. They looked up and smiled, but she quickly turned back around blocking their view. Ok, she thought, I'm safe with two out of three so far. Their was one other man who she'd seen enter the lounge earlier. He was sitting to her left at a small table watching a ball game on the tv as he drank his beer. She noticed that he could see that her legs were open if he looked, but she didn't think he could see much more than that. Plus, with as horny as she was right now, she didn't think she even cared if he saw. And last but not least was the bartender who obviously wanted nothing to do with any of her customers. Feeling extremely confident about the environment in the lounge she grabbed her second shot and quickly slammed it. Two shots and two drinks down she was beginning to feel the giddy intoxication of a perfect buzz.
Shannon set the empty shot glass on the bar and looked Tad right in his eyes.
"I want you so bad Tad! When I got home and read your note. I found my favorite dildo. I fucked it so hard while I thought of you! My pussy was drenched as I imagined you taking me," Shannon purred.
She spread her legs open wider and grabbed the hand that was rubbing and massaging her inner thigh. She pushed her crotch forward in her stool even closer to Tad and slowly guided two of his fingers into her drenched pussy.
"Finger fuck me right here in the lounge Tad."
"Oh God! Feel how wet I am, my pussy wants you so bad!"
Tad hooked his first two fingers and began to quickly flick her g-spot. Pussy juice ran down his
Fingers and into his palm. His cock bulged in his pants straining for release.
"So fucking hot," Tad muttered under his breath.
Joel reached across Shannon's chest for his second shot. As he brought his hand back he stealthily moved aside the thin bit of fabric that was covering her left breast. Her exposed tit swung in the open hair with her rock hard nipple pointing directly forward.
"Ohhh Joel, you're so naughty," Shannon breathed.
"How does it feel baby?" Joel asked as he downed his second shot.
"Amazing, I'm fucking dripping right now! Fuck, look at his bulge, his pants can barely hold his cock in," Shannon replied lustily to Joel.
Tad grabbed the last shot on the bar and downed it before looking directly at Shannon.
"You want this?" Tad asked as he grabbed and rubbed his swollen package.
"Fuck yes I do," Shannon whimpered back
"You can't have it quite yet," Tad teased before leaning over and kissing her deeply on the mouth.
Tad slowly fingered her exposed pussy with his right had while passionately kissing her. Shannon flicked her tongue in and out of his mouth and moaned quietly as she experienced sexual desires awakening that she'd not felt in years. It was becoming increasingly more difficult for her not to yell out loudly in pleasure. The fact that that were in a public hotel lounge made the experience even more exhilarating.
"You're so naughty! I love it," Shannon said pulling away from Tads embrace, slightly biting her bottom lip in approval.
Shannon grabbed her last margarita off the bar and took a long satisfying drink. She reached over and firmly gripped Tads crotch.
"This will do nicely," Shannon purred before leaning back on her barstool.
She pulled Tads fingers out of her, looked at her juices glistening on him and smiled.
"So wet!"
Biting her bottom lip and winking at Tad, she slowly eased his fingers into her mouth. She sucked them and licked them just as if she was performing a perfect blowjob.
Joel squeezed her exposed left nipple making it even harder. Shannon let out a surprised squeak as she performed felatio on Tads fingers.
Joel glanced at the single man next to them and noticed he was no longer watching the game. His full attention was on the antics of the three at the bar.
"I think we're getting an audience guys. What do you say about continuing this up in the room?" Joel said as he subtly motioned at the man next to him with his eyes.
"I agree, I've waited long enough for this ride!"
"Chug your drinks boys, I'm so ready to go," Shannon said as she covered her breast and pulled her skirt back down over her crotch.
The boys chugged their drinks and stood up. Shannon put an arm around the waist of both horny men and made sure to walk right past the two drunks at the end of the bar.
"I'm so excited to get fucked by both of you tonight," Shannon purred, making sure the drunks over heard her comment to her boy toys.
The drunks stared with open mouths as the threesome walked out the lounge and to the bank of elevators in the lobby.
Nervous energy was shooting lightning bolts of excitement through Shannon's nerves. Her legs were week and shaking with anticipation. She was about to fuck a different man for the first time since before her marriage. She leaned over and whispered in Joel's ear.
"You still want this?"
"Oh yes, we both want this," Joel whispered back.
The elevator door pinged and opened for the quick trip to the 5th floor. The doors closed and Tad immediately grabbed Shannon and picked her up. She wrapped her legs around him and he firmly grabbed her bare ass. Her dress rode up allowing her access to grind her dripping, bare pussy against his crotch. Joel eased up behind her and slid two fingers into her cunt from behind.
"Is this what you want baby," Tad said loudly.
"OMG, yes, hold me, finger me," Shannon moaned loudly as she gyrated on Tads crotch. His powerful arms easily held her in the air, while Joel flicked her G-spot from behind.
The elevator doors opened again revealing a young couple waiting at the fifth floor for a trip to the lobby. The couples mouths hung open when they saw Shannon being held up, legs wrapped around Tad, making out, while at the same time getting fingered from behind by Joel. Tad carried his trophy wife right past the couple without even an acknowledgment of their presence. Joel removed his fingers from his wife's dripping snatch as Tad carried her out.
"Have a great night guys, I know we will," Joel laughed as they breezed past the stunned couple.
The Hotel Room 11:38 pm
They reached the hotel door and Joel quickly swiped his key card letting the group in. Tad carried Shannon in and pinned her against the wall. The two were lip locked in a make out session as Joel turned on the lights and cameras he had set up in the room. Satisfied all the equipment was working properly he sat in the desk chair and pulled his throbbing cock out of his black dress pants. As he watched he slowly began stroking his six inches to his wife as she was held against the wall.
"Make me scream," Shannon panted.
"I'm gonna make you do more than scream," Tad replied as he thrust his hips up, slapping her back against the wall again.
Shannon grunted and ground her pussy into Tad even harder as they renewed their kissing. Her gyrating was leaving a massive wet spot on his crotch.
"Let me down, I want your cock in my mouth right now."
Tad eased her off him and she immediately dropped to her knees, reaching straight for his belt buckle.
"Mmmm," Shannon said as she glanced over and saw her husband pumping his cock furiously while she rubbed Tads package outside his pants.
"What do we have her here?" Shannon purred as she sized up Tads package.
"A present I know you're going to enjoy. You've teased me long enough! Take out my cock and put in your mouth." Tad forcefully demanded.
Shannon unbuckled And pulled down Tads pants. His eight inch, veiny cock was fully engorged and throbbing, waiting for Shannon's mouth.
"It's beautiful," Shannon grabbed his cock with both hands and immediately wrapped her bright red lips around it. She took it deep into her mouth before slowly pulling back. She licked and flicked the tip as she massaged his balls with her right hand.
Tad reached behind her neck as she worshipped his cock and lifted the draped top over her head. Her dress fell down around her waist exposing her beautiful 34dd tits.
"Their you go, I love seeing those big, beautiful tits out!" Joel commented from his chair.
"Unggghh," your mouth feels so good on my cock.
Precum was leaking out of Tads cock and Shannon lapped it up enthusiastically. She licked and sucked every magnificent inch of his cock.
"Deep throat it you horny slut," Tad demanded. He put his hands on the back of Shannon's head and slowly pushed it forward until she had all eight inches down her throat.
"Gah," Shannon coughed. It was hard, but she loved the way he moaned as she took him entirely in.
"Again," Tad demanded as she once again took him all the way past her tonsils.
Her mouth on his cock was intoxicating, but Tad needed his cock in this piece of ass. He pulled his cock out of her mouth and stripped the rest of his clothes off. She stood up and let her dress fall to the floor. Shannon's body was covered in wet sheen of sweat that reflected beautifully off every one of her magnificent curves.
"Lay on the bed." Tad whispered in her ear as he grabbed her ass.
Shannon laid down on the bed and spread her legs open. Slowly Tad began kissing Shannon's body, starting at her ankles. He licked and kissed her thighs while massaging her tits.
"Mmmmm," Shannon purred.
He licked and kissed from the top of her tan lined pussy mound to her pierced navel. He kissed every inch of her belly before moving to her tits and rock hard nipples.
"OMG, you are amazing," Shannon moaned as he hoisted his body up and slowly kissed her neck.
"Shit, if the foreplay is any indication of the fucking he is gonna give me, I'm in for a night," Shannon thought to herself. She touched her pussy and couldn't believe how wet she was. She was literally leaving a wet spot on the bed. Shannon reached under him and stroked his cock as he kissed her neck. Precum was leaking out of his cock head and she wanted it on her pussy.
"Rub your cock on my pussy lips NOW! I need it!"
Tad got on his knees between her legs and began slapping and rubbing his cock and precum on her soaked snatch. Shannon writhed on the bed in pleasure thrusting her hips forward in an attempt to get the cock to penetrate her.
"Tell him what you want baby, stop letting him tease you," Joel called out from his chair.
"Tad, I want you in me, I need you in me, fill my pussy up with your cock and fuck me hard," Shannon moaned as she looked at Joel with lustful eyes.
"Fuck, that's so hot," Tad said as slid all eight inches of his cock deep into her. Her warm throbbing pussy drenched his member as he began to rhythmically pound her like a jackhammer.
"Ahhh, I love it, you feel so fucking good in me!"
"Faster," Shannon yelled out as Tad took her right there in front of her husband.
Shannon's pussy pulsed and she screamed out loud as her first orgasm ripped through her pussy like an earthquake. Tad flipped her on all fours and eased his cock into her from behind. He once again began his slow rhythmic pounding. Unable to watch anymore Joel walked over and dangled his hard cock in front of his wife's face. She immediately took his cock in her mouth as Tad continued to pound her from behind. Shannon's massive tits slapped back and forth under her as Tad pumped her harder and faster.
"Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm," Shannon grunted as Tads balls slapped her from behind.
"Oh shit baby," Joel moaned as the king size bed rocked underneath them.
"Ahhh, yaaa, unahh, unahh!"
Slap, slap, slap, slap, slap.
Tads unrelenting assault on Shannon's pussy continued as she writhed in ecstasy from his veiny cock stabbing her from the back.
"Oooh ahhh, ooh aah, ooh aah", Shannon cried as she sucked and fucked the two men.
"Fuuck, your pussy is gushing," Tad moaned.
"Oh yaaa, it's wanted you for months!"
"I'm so glad I met you guys," Tad grunted while slapping Shannon's ass
Joel grabbed the back of his wife's head and pushed it forward onto his member, slamming it deep into her mouth.
"Gah, fuck baby, you've never been this forceful with me!"
"Mmmm, ahhhh, I love fucking two cocks!"
"Ahh it's so good, ahh ya!"
Slap, slap, slap, slap.
Tads balls were beginning to quiver and he knew he had to pull out or risk shooting his load right there.
"Switch, you need to get in this pussy Joel," Tad said as he pulled out and slapped his cock on Shannon's sopping pussy.
Joel laid down on his back and held his rigid cock straight up in the air.
"Ride me baby, let Tad watch your tits bounce!"
Shannon turned her back and mounted Joel reverse cowgirl style. Joel moaned as his cock slid in. "Fuck, I've never felt her this wet before," he thought to himself as she began to rhythmically bounce up and down on his manhood.
Tad watched Shannon's massive tits bounce up and down. She moaned loudly as she bounced and ground her pussy on her husbands cock. He kneeled down in front of her and slapped her bouncing tits as she fucked.
"You like cock Shannon?"
Slap
"OMG I love cock," Shannon screamed out loud.
"Tell us," Tad demanded as he squeezed her bouncing tit.
"Jesus, I love your cocks, they fill me up so good."
"OMG," Tad moaned as Shannon's magnificent tits bounced up and down.
"She needs more cock Tad, lay down, I want her to mount you," Joel demanded as he lifted his horny wife off him. Tad flipped over on his back and Shannon immediately straddled him and guided his throbbing prick into her.
"I love your cock in me Tad, kiss me," Shannon moaned as she bent down and started making out with her lover again.
"How much do you love cock baby," Joel demanded as he grabbed his wife's hips from behind while she rode tad.
"Unnnn, more than anything baby," Shannon cried.
"Then I think it's time for you to take two at the same time," her husband moaned.
Shannon's body convulsed as Joel eased his cock into her asshole from behind.
"Fuuucckk," Shannon screamed loud enough for everyone in the hotel lobby to hear.
She had never felt so filled and horny in her life. She wanted nothing more than her lovers and her husbands cock to pound her at the same time. Joel eased his cock deep into her ass and began to slowly pump her, driving his six inches in deeper with every thrust.
"Oh shit, fuck, fuck," Tad cried out as Shannon's pussy clamped down on his cock from the excitement of being double penetrated.
"Take me, fuck me, fuck both my holes," Shannon screamed out as both men thrust their cocks in and out of her.
"Oh god I need you to fucking cum all in my pussy Tad!"
"Joel I want his fucking cum in me so bad! Tell him it's alright to fill me," Shannon begged her husband.
"Fill her up Tad, you heard her, dump your load deep in her," Joel demanded of their Bull.
When Shannon heard her husband telling Tad to fill her her pussy. she immediately began to fuck with a renewed vigor. Her pussy began convulse and contract on Tads cock. Squeezing it, demanding its cum. She felt his cock began to pulse and swell. At that moment she knew she was going to get what she demanded.
"Ahhhhhh, here it comes baby," Tad yelled out as he shot two weeks worth of saved up cum into her.
Pulse squirt, pulse squirt, pulse squirt, pulse squirt.
"Jesuuuuus chriiiisssttt," Shannon screamed as she orgasmed for the second time that night on Tads cock. Her pussy convulsed and squeezed every drop out of her lovers cock.
Joel continued to fuck his wife's ass as she came with her lover. He could feel both of their massive orgasms as he pumped her. He loved how Shannon was holding nothing back and demanding what she needed. He felt Tad pull his cock out of his wife's filled pussy and immediately decided he needed to feel what they had done to each other.
"OMG he came so much in me," Shannon purred to Joel as Tad rolled off her. Tad flipped down, spent next to Shannon and immediately began passionately kissing her again.
Shannon returned the embrace, deeply kissing him as his massive load began dripping out of her satisfied pussy.
"I want to feel it," Joel demanded as he watched the two once again embracing in a passionate makeout session.
He lifted his wife's ass in the air and watched Tads massive, sticky load dripping out of her. Panting hard he quickly slid his rock hard cock into his wife's pussy. He had never felt it so wet before. Tad had shot a massive load into her. Her pussy was totally filled and He luxuriated in the wetness as he began to pound his wife's filled pussy from behind.
Slap, slap, slap, slap
"OMG, yes baby, fuck his cum into me," Shannon moaned as she made out with Tad.
"Your cum feels so good in me," Shannon whispered in Tads ear as Joel fucked her cum filled pussy.
Joel watched as cum dripped out of his wife's pussy and ran down the inside of her thighs. The sight tipped him over the edge and he erupted in his wife's already filled snatch.
"Aaahhh," Joel moaned as he shot another four, thick pulses of hot cum into her.
"Unnnnggghhhh," Shannon moaned as she made out with Tad and was filled once again with hot cum.
Joel collapsed on the other side of his wife in exhaustion. She turned towards him and kissed him passionately.
"Thanks so much baby, this was the best night of my life," Shannon whispered in her husbands ear before turning back to Tad and kissing him.
Joel got up and turned off the lights and cameras in the room before sliding back into the bed with his wife and her lover. Shannon lay on her back in the middle of the bed between her two men and signed in contentment.
"Thanks so much guys, that was amazing, I'll never forget it. But I'm totally exhausted. I'll see you in the morning."
4:00 A.M
Joel awoke to a slight vibration in the king size bed he was in with his wife and her lover.
"Unnghh, unghhh, unghhh," he heard his wife quietly moan next to him. He didn't open his eyes or move.
"Your cock feels so good in me," Shannon whispered quietly as Tad spooned shannon from behind.
"How much do you like my cock in you," Joel heard Tad whisper back to her.
"I love it so fucking much," Shannon whispered
He didn't move, open his eyes, or make a sound. He continued to pretend to sleep as his wife was impaled once again next to him. She groaned and moaned causing his cock to become rock hard again.
"Cum in me Tad, fill me, make me yours," Shannon quietly groaned trying not to wake her husband.
Joel smiled In contentment as his wife satisfied herself once again.