Hi readers! A bit of a change of direction from long character building affairs, just a quick and fun one-off story, hope you like it!
Samantha Sloan was nervous. This was unusual. She'd made her reputation on the back of her steely resolve, her unyielding strength of will, and her ferocious negotiating skills. In short, she was a formidable businesswoman.
These qualities had taken her right to the top of her company, only one tantalising step away from CEO, and few would bet against this being her next role.
Samantha was a natural choice for this trip to Japan. But she had never dealt with the Japanese in their own back yard and had heard a lot of strange stories about the cultural differences in how they went about business deals.
The deal she was there to broker was potentially huge for her company, so herself and Clive Anderton, the CFO, had been given joint responsibility. Clive was experienced in dealing with the Japanese and he'd be able to draw upon Samantha's expertise and product knowledge, covering any eventualities that might arise.
So, Clive's last-minute announcement that he was unable to make it due to illness had been a real blow. Samantha, not wanting to project weakness, had assured everyone that she had this, but as she touched down at Haneda she felt, for the first time she could remember, a little out of her depth.
Emerging from the customs check she was greeted by a teeming mass of people, some waving signs. Business class customers were, she thought, supposed to get out first, but she noticed the tarty woman in the red miniskirt from economy had somehow made it before her, tutting to herself at the temerity.
Samantha drew attention in a different way. Her female attributes were very deliberately concealed from the world beneath her expensive business suit. She'd bought this one especially, smart tailored jacket and skirt down to the knee, tan tights and black high heels rounding off the very generic businesslike look.
Her dark hair was tied up in a tight ponytail and she wore the glasses she didn't really need but which she knew made her look more intelligent.
Samantha was pleased to see the man waving a hand-written sign 'Sam S' and was soon following him to his car. She'd expected someone dressed a bit more formally, this guy wasn't wearing the suit she'd expect of a chauffeur. Indeed, his car wasn't quite what she'd become used to back home.
However, she reminded herself to respect the culture of this alien country. One night to prepare, a big meeting tomorrow and she'd be home, triumphant, within 36 hours.
Her first shock was that her destination wasn't as expected. It seemed she was going straight to the meeting, from what she could tell. This certainly wasn't a hotel. Samantha supressed a rising panic. If anything, she was over prepared, she told herself. She didn't need a night to overthink it.
Samantha was directed to sit and wait in the lobby of the high-rise building. She'd expected Tokyo ChemCorp headquarters to be a bit more prestigious looking than this, there were none of the clean lines, glass panels or marble floors which she'd come to expect when visiting business partners.
Clive had built up a relationship with the people at Tokyo ChemCorp over several visits, both in Japan and when their leadership team visited the UK. He warned that it had taken him until the fourth or fifth visit before things had become less formal. So, it was with well-rehearsed rigidity that she bowed as the mature gentleman approached her in the lobby and led her to the lift.
As she got out on the seventeenth floor, she was again surprised with the environment. Far from the plush surroundings she was used to, this was quite untidy and the people who buzzed around her weren't dressed formally as she expected.
She was ushered into an office and a slightly overweight man spoke to her in words she didn't understand.
"Sorry," she smiled, trying to project an air of calm to mask her growing uncertainty. "No Japanese!"
"No English," the man replied immediately, shrugging. He was looking at some papers. Despite this exchange, he continued to talk to her in Japanese for a little while, as Samantha shrugged at him blankly.
She was a little put out that there were several pictures of naked and semi-naked women adorning the walls. Clive had mentioned women could be objectified here, and she steeled herself. She wasn't there to judge or preach, she had a job to do, and she meant to do it.
Finally, Samantha was led into a large room. One side looked more like what she expected -- a large, boardroom style table. This must be the venue for the meeting. But there were several cameras set up facing it, which was confusing.
Japanese voices flew around her. She was beginning to feel intimidated by this whole situation. It wasn't at all what she expected. Just smile and look like you know what you are doing, she told herself, remembering the importance of this. She was not about to go home a failure.
Samantha was seated at the head of the table and was initially relieved to find herself flanked by four appropriately dressed businessmen, two on each side. This was more like it; she was used to being surrounded by men in suits.
But those cameras were manned, and it was clear the meeting was to be filmed. Clive hadn't mentioned that was common, but she told herself again to be prepared for this type of thing, anything out of the ordinary.
But when she was handed a sheaf of paper with what appeared to be some generic, non-relevant English words printed, she decided it was time to protest.
"Sorry, but what the..." even though they appeared not to understand, she stopped herself swearing. "What in the world are you asking me to do here? What has this got to do with anything?"
Samantha stood, but the overweight guy from the office, who appeared to be in charge, immediately protested, shouting quite loudly and gesturing for her to sit and read. At a loss as to what else to do, she complied.
"In the last quarter, we have seen profits drop, this was due to unseasonable weather in our southern region." She glanced up. Everyone seemed to be happy. Maybe this was some sort of test, who knows. But she continued.
Continuing to read the pointless words on the paper, Samantha felt a hint of movement either side of her. At the end of the paragraph, she turned her head and immediately froze in shock.
The two men on her left had dropped their trousers and stood, masturbating openly. Samantha screamed and lurched backwards, only to fall into the other two who were doing exactly the same on her other side.
She instinctively tried to run but was faced with a wall of men between her and the only exit. Mind racing, she turned back and began shouting at the overweight guy in panic.
"What the fucking hell do you think you are doing?"
The man looked a bit confused. He began talking to the room, and a young man beside him replied. They engaged in conversation, before the young man approached, and bowed.
Head absolutely spinning with what was happening, Samantha tried to compose herself and performed her bow. She'd assumed she'd have used it a lot more than this by now.
"Miss Sam, Osamu say..." he looked up at the ceiling, searching for the words. "You sign contract, you say yes."
"Yes! That's what I'm here for. To discuss a contract for our merger. I do understand some cultural differences, but this," she turned to the group of four men who were still, bizarrely, masturbating.
"I, Isamu. Very small English. You sign contract, you continue."
It wasn't a question. She was being ushered towards the chair, between the masturbating men. Samantha was faced with a situation she'd never had imagined possible. Clive had warned her that Japanese society was very misogynistic in comparison to the west, but this? He'd also said that women are not very well represented in business and had warned her to prepare for things she wasn't used to.
This certainly fitted that profile. She wasn't used to this at all. Back home, on familiar territory, she'd have called the police. But here, it seemed there were only two choices:
Samantha could storm out, as she very much thought she should, call back to the office and explain what happened. This was obviously the correct course of action. But that would certainly mean she'd be going back home with no contract. This was supposed to be her crowning moment and it was hard to let that go.
The other option was to sit back down, do what was being asked of her, and, according to Isamu, sign the contract. Robotically, she picked up the papers and returned to her seat.
*******
Courtney Dutton had taken the job after some discussion with her room-mate Ashleigh. Both girls worked as escorts, and both were on the books of an adult modelling agency. It hadn't been what she'd dreamed of, growing up, but she actually quite enjoyed the 'modelling' part.
The escorting, not so much. She loved sex, but the guys who booked her services were often unpleasant and boorish, and thought that, because they paid, they could treat her however they liked. This was essentially true, and her self-esteem diminished with each sordid appointment.
But she needed the money, and when Ashleigh told her of this opportunity, she couldn't afford not to take it. Ashleigh had a lot more experience than Courtney and had done this twice before. She'd told her all about it and she knew what to expect.
She'd be picked up from the Airport. Sure enough, there was the guy waiting to greet her. Wow! She wasn't expecting this! The man holding the sign with her stage name on was dressed in a smart suit and wore a hat, he was a real chauffeur.
He looked a little surprised at her, for some reason. What had he expected? She was dressed in her killer red miniskirt. This usually went down well in this sort of situation.
They hadn't got her name quite right, but it was close enough. 'Sami Suxx' had been Ashleigh's idea for Courtney's stage-name. But now that she'd seen the film company's interpretation of this, 'Samantha S' written down on the chauffeur's sign, Courtney had a mind to adopt it. 'Samantha Suxx'. Much classier, she mused.
She was expecting to be driven straight to the shoot, that's what Ashleigh had said would happen. So, to be instead ferried to the front door of a hotel she'd usually only ever have admired from a distance was a real surprise.
"I will be here to get you in the morning to go to work, Miss Samantha," the chauffeur said, passing her bag to the porter and holding the door open for her. "Nine-thirty. Enjoy your evening."
Work. Not many people referred to what she did in this way. Courtney was, so far, enjoying the little she'd seen of Japan. The people were very pleasant and respectful, things which she'd almost forgotten existed recently.
Ashleigh had not mentioned any of this. Courtney took in the plush surroundings of a suite which overlooked the centre of Tokyo. What a view! Obviously, she was going to have to earn it, but the bukkake and gangbang shoot she was doing tomorrow seemed like no problem, all of a sudden.
*******
Samantha continued to read the banal, irrelevant words. Occasionally she'd glance up and make sure this was what was required of her. Osamu nodded and gestured for her to keep going each time.
As she read, she braced herself for what was inevitably coming.
Samantha didn't consider herself a sexual person by any means. She'd very deliberately avoided relationships to focus on her career. To be where she was at the age of thirty-three was very clear evidence that she'd made the right choice.
After university, where she'd had some flings, her sexual encounters had been few and far between. She knew there was something in there, tucked away deep inside, and she had vague intentions to explore this alien world at some point. But sex just wasn't a consideration right now.
So, for Samantha to be sitting, surrounded by men, four guys masturbating with increasing ferocity and audible enjoyment either side of her, was not a situation she'd ever have predicted. She'd made her decision now. Bizarre as it was, she was hopeful that, once these men had finished what they were doing, she could bring the subject back to the deal she was there to broker.
Samantha hadn't got to where she was without learning to be pragmatic. Some might assume she was a feminist, but far from it. Samantha was a Samanthaist. As those four men continued to wank at the sight of her sitting there reading, she reasoned that, if all it required was these guys to do their thing, that wasn't an unreasonable price for the contract.
Men were, she'd found throughout her rapid rise, very easily malleable. She'd lost count of the times she'd led a man on, made empty promises or dressed slightly less businesslike, in something more revealing, when it meant pushing her agenda.
This, she reasoned, was probably payback for all of those mixed messages she'd deliberately been giving. The chickens coming home to roost, as it were.
And so, as the sperm began to fly, she braced herself and smiled into the cameras. This seemed the best and quickest way to get things done.
All four guys approached her in turn, unloading into her face and hair before bowing and retreating. The situation was unbelievable. Watching a man stepping in front of her, his hard penis inches from her face, working his dick so urgently, before spewing forth stream upon stream of warm, sticky fluid right at her. It wasn't something she'd even bothered to imagine how that might feel.
Samantha had never known anything like it. She remembered one guy in her dim and distant past would like to shoot in her face like this. She didn't have anything against it, but it all seemed a bit strange to her, really.
As the last one finished, squeezing a final drop out with determination and flicking it across her nose, she felt what might have been pride, or relief, that they'd all found her arousing enough to pay tribute in this way. Well done Samantha, she told herself.
"Right then. Are we ready to talk business?" she smiled around the room. Semen coated each shoulder of her expensive, black business suit. Osamu nodded in approval.
Samantha had tried to put this totally unacceptable behaviour down to cultural differences and had almost convinced herself. But she couldn't pretend there wasn't something badly wrong here. And, by making the choice she had, she'd made it very difficult to back out.
Osamu called out, and some more men approached. Standing Samantha up, they roughly tore her suit open, leaving her expensive Victoria's secret bra on display. Although nobody would usually see it, she always wore nice, expensive underwear for these types of occasions. It made her feel beautiful and secretly powerful.
Hands immediately began mauling her breasts, and she felt some more men feeling up the back of her legs, raising her skirt and tugging down her tights urgently.
This was her last chance to take a step back. But, as well as the carrot of the contract dangling in front of her, somewhere, deep inside, she felt a little tingle of excitement growing.
Samantha realised that the feeling which was becoming stronger with every strange hand on her body, with every inch of her flesh that was revealed, was arousal. She vaguely remembered feeling something loosely comparable, many years ago. But it was a distant memory, and she didn't remember anything even slightly as exciting as this.
As a hand found its way between her legs, morals, work, contracts, deals and her dignity became irrelevant. Samantha suddenly felt a huge surge of regret. This was what she'd been missing out on! It suddenly made much more sense the way people went on about it.
She felt warmth in her hand, and glanced down to note that an erect penis was being pushed against it. She instinctively gripped and found her other hand reaching out, seeking a similar companion. She felt her expensive underwear being torn away from her body, and leaned forward, face down on the table as someone began pushing a cock into her from behind.
Samantha might have passed out with the sensation. Perhaps it was the years of self-enforced abstinence, or the surprise intensity of the situation, but she could not have imagined pleasure so focussed and so overwhelming.
She was brought to her senses with the feeling of a cock nudging against her cheek. Opening her eyes, she was greeted with the sight of a man kneeling in front of her and presenting his hard penis for attention. She opened her mouth and invited it inside.
It was now very apparent that the four men to masturbate on Samantha's face had been a mere starter. The main event was only just beginning. She might have assumed a guest of her standing would only be for the top executives in the company to make use of, but it seemed she was to be made available to every man in the company.
Samantha was rolled onto her back, and a murmur of appreciation drifted around the room at the sight of her now naked body being fucked mercilessly. Osamu, who seemed to be in charge of everything that was going on, called out every thirty seconds or so and whoever was fucking her pulled out, to be replaced by another eager volunteer.
Although it had been a while, Samantha could remember being fucked hard like this. The distant memory had almost been forgotten, but she now recalled the feeling, and it was nice. More than nice, it was almost spiritual. She was being powerfully fucked into a new world, where meetings and mergers took a back seat to hard cocks and wet cunts.
Samantha recalled her limited previous sexual experiences, and remembered wanting more than her partner could provide. That definitely wasn't going to be a problem today! The way the guys switched meant she was being enthusiastically hammered into in a way no one man could ever hope to compete with. For the first time in her life, she discovered what it meant to climax.
Perhaps this was why she'd never quite 'got' the whole sex thing. Perhaps, rather than it just not really doing it for her, she had a latent desire which was only capable of being tapped by multiple men. Perhaps one man was just not enough to awaken it.
With this in mind, any fear was gone. She felt a growing gratitude. Samantha would never have imagined it was possible to feel this good. She would no longer express an ounce of reluctance. Her body was available for the guys of ChemCorp to use as they saw fit.
The incredible waves of pleasure washing over her were, she assumed, shared by the guys who frequently ejaculated in her face. She felt like they'd all transcended to a place where the only thing that mattered was this feeling of utter delight. She discovered the taste of sperm, and decided she liked it, which was just as well as she was subject to an almost constant stream of men ejaculating into her mouth and face.
*******
Courtney was confused. After the most wonderful evening making use of the hotel's pool and health club, and following up with another visit in the morning, she'd arrived on 'set' feeling amazing and very much ready to go.
She meant to reward this company for the luxury she'd been treated to with the best damn shoot they'd ever seen. She'd dressed as instructed, stockings and suspenders hidden by a smart business suit.
The location was unlike any studio she had visited before. It reminded her of the offices at the law firm on 'Suits', which her and Ashleigh were currently binge-watching on Netflix. Plants and what looked like little trees were dotted around, and the view from the windows onto the centre of Tokyo was breathtaking.
Courtney was prepared for an intense experience. Yes, she was about to be violated by an enormous number of men. But this was what she signed up for, and the reason for her amazing evening in one of Tokyo's finest hotels the previous night.
Added to the healthy fee she'd receive, which would guarantee at least three month's rent, it was very much worth it. She was determined to exceed their expectations just as they had exceeded hers. She was going to leave no man in any doubt what a whore she could be.
But Ashleigh's description had been much different to this. She'd told of an intensive shoot, where she'd be subjected to huge numbers of men non-stop from beginning to end. Courtney would be well paid, but she'd be expected to earn that money over many hours of intense, hardcore sex.
After bracing herself for the onslaught, she was almost disappointed to find there were only eight men around the table -- from what she'd been told she was expecting at least fifty. And the subject matter wasn't exactly exciting. Their English wasn't great, and they just kept going on about a merger or something.
But Courtney knew what she was there for. And she remembered Ash telling her about some of the weird stuff the Japanese liked to get up to. This was probably some strange work fantasy. But she needed to move it along. There were only five hours before her flight back and she needed to make sure she did her job so she was paid for her work.
Courtney pulled herself up out of the opulent, leather boardroom chair and perched on the edge of the table, swinging her legs playfully, and letting her skirt ride up to reveal her stocking tops.
"Listen, guys," she said alluringly. "This is fun and all, but I can think of some much better things to do with our time."
The men sat around the large oval table looking at each other in confusion as Courtney rolled over onto her front, got up on all fours and moved purposefully towards the head of the table. The man introduced as 'Chairman' didn't resist as she nuzzled into his neck, before kneeling and presenting a chest which was begging to be groped.
When he didn't respond, Courtney pulled his face into her cleavage with one hand, whilst reaching into the crotch of the man sat beside him with the other.
"Miss Samantha!" the chairman's voice emerged, muffled by her breasts. "You have a very unique way of doing business!"
"Oh, I do, I really do," she agreed. Soon she was leaning back on the table as hands, encouraged by her urging, began groping and undressing her. Her body was still feeling amazing after her swim and spa sessions, and she meant to share it with these men.
The board members nodded at each other in approval, Samantha was definitely someone they could do business with, it seemed. She was most accommodating and encouraged them to do anything they wanted to with her body.
They chatted amongst each other excitedly as she revealed her pussy, and all of them took turns in tasting it. Her mouth was also shared around all the men, and things eventually escalated, the guys taking turns to fuck her pussy and mouth and moving on to fucking her anally when she indicated that's what she wanted.
It had become something like the scene Courtney had pictured, but it was all much tamer than expected. She wasn't complaining. The money for this work was supposed to bring a price of leaving her feeling pretty degraded. But she'd been treated like a princess and was feeling incredible.
Given the relatively small number of men for her to deal with, Courtney took her time and made sure each guy got a second helping. The one thing that confused her was the lack of cameras. For a porn shoot, cameras are a necessity. But she couldn't see any.
Maybe she'd actually been brought out here for escorting work and something had been lost in translation? This seemed unlikely, she wasn't a world-renowned escort. She put that out of her head and focussed on the task in hand of milking a second load from each of these aging gentlemen.
*******
Samantha could almost have forgotten the reason she was there, such was the constant distraction since she arrived. Tokyo ChemCorp was a most unusual company. But she liked it.
Just like she'd wrongly assumed the four guys wanking over her was the end of it, she was astonished to discover that, despite an unknown number (it could have been anything between fifty and one hundred, she had no idea) of men fucking her, they still had more in store.
Samantha Sloan was, for the first time in her life, in a place of purely physical pleasure. Her intellect, IQ and famed quick thinking were of no use to her here.
The men graciously allowed her to shower. It took fifteen minutes at least before the semen she discovered in every crevice of her body was washed away. Once clean, they gave her an outfit to put on. Bizarrely, this appeared to be an air hostesses costume.
She had no idea why and didn't care. She also found that she didn't care in the slightest what they had in store for her -- or rather she had no concerns any more.
Samantha had already fucked an uncountable number of men. Whatever she did next, she'd already made sure her reputation would be thoroughly destroyed, if this ever got out. So, there was no point worrying now, it was too late for that.
It was too late to change anything, so she was just rolling with it. A big part of her liked that she'd been forced to address her sexuality so spectacularly. As someone so in control of all other aspects of her life, there was something just right about having control taken away so completely.
And the reward was greater than she'd ever have imagined. She was alive and she was discovering feelings she'd never have imagined could exist. Samantha was, without doubt, gaining a lot of new experience on this business trip.
She remembered reading that Tokyo is a very overpopulated area. This was perhaps one explanation for the huge number of men who had once again been sourced for her latest 'meeting', as she laughingly termed the group sex session.
She was past caring why, or interested in dissecting the cultural relevance of the reason it might be desirable to sit her, naked from the waist down, on a chair with a hole in it. She was then told to continue reading her huge essay of nothingness from earlier, but as she did so, an unending string of men would slide beneath her and fuck her through the hole in the chair.
Sometimes they'd surprise her with a really powerful machine which sent intense vibrations running through her whole body. The cameras recording her face would see her struggling to focus on the task in hand, whilst multiple cameras below the desk would record her being violated repeatedly.
Part way through, Osamu directed the guys to pull her breasts free, and the last section of the show featured Samantha being fucked incessantly from below whilst her top half, still dressed as a flight attendant, was again masturbated over.
When all was complete, the camera lingered on the sight, from the hole beneath the chair, of what must have been thirty or forty loads of cum dripping out of her into a bowl on the floor. Samantha was then given this bowl and, to her disbelief, directed to drink it.
She did so immediately. It took her three tries to swallow it all, and she couldn't describe the experience as enjoyable. But she wanted to do it, and she kept it down. Not because it was nice, not at all. But because she didn't want to look at herself in the mirror and see the girl who failed at anything, even something as disgusting and degrading as this.
In fact, Samantha was discovering that she very much liked being degraded in this way. It wouldn't have been something she could ever have discovered on her own, and there was definitely a time and a place, but Samantha was most definitely enjoying herself.
No doubt there was a deep psychological reason for this. Maybe a lack of attention from her parents when she was younger, or some chemical imbalance in her brain. She didn't care. All she knew was that it turned her on immensely. The cold businesswoman from only a few hours earlier was being rapidly fucked into history.
Incredibly, it seemed like the group of men still hadn't finished with her. But Samantha was utterly exhausted. The jet-lag Clive had warned her of engulfed her as her latest orgasm subsided, and she was struggling to keep her eyes open.
Their suggestion of setting up a makeshift bed in one of the offices was gratefully agreed to, and she simply collapsed, flat out as soon as she was shown it.
Samantha had a deep, dreamless sleep, and it was a full eleven hours before she woke. Her body clock was all over the place. It was eight in the morning. She pieced together the events of the previous day, and decided that she still wasn't ashamed of herself, and that she very definitely had enjoyed it.
She had no idea what this meant for the merger, but at least she hadn't just walked away -- that must count for something?
Her hair was still wet with cum. And her face. But wait. This was still warm! As this registered, a couple of guys came in, followed by a cameraman with a bright light. The fact that she'd woken up didn't change their plans at all, and each began masturbating over Samantha's confused face.
As they did, she realised that all of her body was liberally coated in fresh sperm. Men had continued to ejaculate all over her body throughout the night! Whilst she knew that this was legally questionable behaviour, it brought that feeling of intense arousal flooding back through her body, and she was glad.
Samantha showered, again taking her time to liberate the billions of sperm which she'd been donated over every inch of her body. She was offered breakfast but declined, her belly still full of the many loads of cum she was digesting after yesterday's events.
She was almost willing them to get on with it this morning, her desire renewed after a night of recovery and realisation. They didn't bother with any kind of outfit this time. Naked, she was strapped to some sort of 'X' shaped device. This rotated in all directions, allowing for her to be oriented exactly where most convenient.
Somehow, another batch of men were on hand. Perhaps they were the same as yesterday, or a combination of some new ones, she didn't know or care. This time she was rotated upside-down first, sending all the blood rushing to her head. Her mouth was then repeatedly and violently fucked by cock after cock.
At the same time, whatever super powerful vibrating machine had coaxed so many orgasms from her yesterday was again at work, and she found herself losing control beautifully again. It was even better today, maybe due to her position, with all the blood flooding to her brain.
She was rotated around at will, always allowing cocks access to her cunt and mouth. Whenever she felt them twitching she'd wait for the feel of warm liquid splashing onto her or inside her. She was going to miss this feeling.
Time became meaningless for a while as Samantha completely surrendered to what was happening to her. Her cries of delight as another and another hard cock was introduced to her were met with murmurs of appreciation, which for some reason fuelled her still further.
Samantha found herself recovering from what might have been a single orgasm which lasted for hours, or a string of orgasms back-to-back. She had no idea, and she didn't really care. She was upside down and sperm was in her eyes, so it took her a little while to work out what time it was on the big digital clock she could see on a desk. She felt a little surge of panic as she realised she only had three hours before her flight departed. What if she missed it? Maybe she could remain here, performing the same role she'd taken to so well over the last day.
No, she had to go home. But she was strapped, naked, to this device, and still the guys kept coming, in all senses of the word.
Finally, they were all spent. She was utterly used, completely bedraggled, sperm shining over every inch of her body. The device she was strapped to turned out to be on wheels. And now they were wheeling her along the corridor. What was next?
Samantha was pushed out of the lift on the ground floor of the building. A side door was opened, and she was now feeling the cool outside air on her wet, naked body.
Her vision was blurred, sperm continued to slide down her body and was stinging her eyes. She started to struggle against her restraints as voices began registering her presence in surprise and she heard them come closer.
She was oriented downwards, diagonally. Her legs, forcibly tied open, were facing the main group of voices she could hear. She knew her cunt, which had eagerly accepted hundreds of cocks inside it and was overflowing with sperm, was in their direct eyeline.
Despite everything, the main feeling Samantha was experiencing was still arousal. Completely and utterly exposed as a whore. Yesterday that might have been a nightmare. Now it was a dream -- but the dream was real.
After what seemed like an age, someone took pity on her, rotated her upright and freed her arms, leaving her to bend down and work on loosening the rope around her ankles, feeling sperm flowing out of her and down the inside of her thighs.
She was very aware of her nakedness, and the evidence of what she'd been doing for the past day was liberally splattered all over her, dripping into little pools on the concrete pavement.
Blinking and wiping cum from her eyes, she managed to focus, and was delighted to see her flight bag sitting on the kerb. Ignoring the chatter from all around she dived on it, but was dismayed to see most of the contents had gone. Truth be told, she only brought one other outfit, but that was missing. And the clothes she wore yesterday had been mostly destroyed, so they weren't packed either.
She had been left a little leaving present, though. A stretchy, blue micro-miniskirt and a bra-top were the only clothes inside. She urgently slipped them on, desperate for any modesty they may provide.
They were better than nothing, but the white top would have been slightly transparent at the best of times. The fact it was pulled onto a body saturated with semen rendered it totally see-through and it clung to her tightly. The skirt barely hid anything, even when she pulled it down as far as possible, the shapely curve of each buttock was totally visible.
Samantha managed to clean up her face a bit and realised with relief that her passport and tickets were still there, so rushed to find a taxi. She noticed a couple of guys were still filming her from the other side of the road, and found herself smiling and waving at them, determined to prove that they had not broken her.
Her arousal was declining and embarrassment was taking over strongly as she got out of the taxi and braved the walk into the terminal. People stopped dead in their tracks to observe her in her slut outfit, soaked in cum and almost as good as naked.
Samantha had to give the taxi driver a huge tip to placate him when he saw the pools of sperm she'd left on his leather seat. Now she wished for some way to disappear. But she only had five minutes to check in, so had to stand in the queue like that, all eyes on her.
"You look like you've had a good trip!" a girl said to her brightly, once she sat down at her boarding gate. Samantha didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She was attracting disapproving glances from all angles. No matter how she sat, some of her body was on display.
Her breasts were totally visible through the saturated white material. Despite her knees being locked together, she knew the hair of her vagina could be easily seen from various angles. But this girl, for some reason, wasn't ashamed to be talking to her.
"Believe it or not, I was expecting to look a bit like you do today. I'm still a bit surprised that I don't!" the girl said. Samantha had no idea what she was talking about, but she seemed friendly enough, so chanced her hand.
"Yeah, listen. I don't suppose you have anything spare that I can slip into, do you?"
The hotel bathroom actually had a shower, and a mostly clean (semen, she was finding, is quite stubborn), Samantha Sloan slipped into the red loaner skirt. Now that she wore it, she remembered the girl from the arrival little more than a day earlier, laughing to herself that she'd described her as 'tarty'.
"People in glass houses..." she smiled to herself. Only twenty-four hours previously, 'tarty' would have been a real insult. Now though, now tarty was nothing, compared to what Samantha had become. The top the girl had given her was slightly too small, and her larger breasts squeezed together and up. She was looking quite unlike the businesswoman who had arrived yesterday, but at least she wasn't completely naked.
"Courtney," the girl had offered, when Samantha had thanked her for her generosity. "You can keep them, don't worry."
"Oh no, I wouldn't hear of it. Here, this should cover it. I'm Samantha."
"Samantha? No way! Well, thank you, I'm doing quite well financially this week." Courtney tucked the notes Samantha had insistently pushed into her hand into her bra. "So, did you have a nice trip? Business or pleasure?"
"A bit of both," Samantha smiled. "And you?"
"Same!"
Back home, Courtney was very confused to receive a call from her agent thanking her for her work at the Japanese shoot. They'd passed on their gratitude, saying she was one of the most popular foreign girls they'd ever used. There was plenty more work like that whenever she wanted it.
She said that the studio often found that western girls struggled with the intensity of their productions. This confused Courtney greatly. Fucking eight old men was not even in the top ten of her 'most dirty' scenes. And it wasn't even a scene. They hadn't even filmed it!
Nevertheless, the money made it to her bank account as arranged, and that was all she cared about.
Ashleigh was confused and jealous when her friend retold of her experience.
"What the fuck? Seriously? A chauffeur? And a hotel?"
"Five star," Courtney confirmed smugly.
"Jesus! All I got was like a hundred Japanese guys fucking me all over the place for a full day, and they left me in the street covered in cum when they finished with me!"
Samantha had dreaded the Monday morning at work but was surprised to find herself being greeted like a hero.
"Here she is! Queen of negotiations!" Clive and the C.E.O. had welcomed her with a hug as she stepped out of the lift doors, before releasing her, fearing her wrath. Samantha Sloan wasn't known as someone you'd just hug out of the blue.
"I have no idea how you did it, and I have to say I'm impressed. It took me years to build up my relationship with them, but after one meeting, they are saying the merger is on, full steam ahead! The only proviso is that you handle all the negotiations. Looks like you are going to be taking regular visits to Tokyo!"