If you have followed my previous Jess stories you know that they are my recounting of the events in my relationship with Jess over a 17-year span. This story, as with the others already posted, happened about 2 years into our relationship. And like the early stories, this one contains real verbiage from our email exchanges while we are both at work. At the time, email was the easiest way for us to chat during work at the time, and we spent a great deal of time talking about our lives (specifically our sex lives) in these emails. So, the story has many of the actual words between Jess and me as well as supplemented with my recollection of the experience.
Jess and I shared a few strong fetishes that were the big drivers of our sexual adventures - large cocks, a cock size fetish, and exhibitionism. When Jess and I first started dating she was already an exhibitionist, well experienced in the teasing of gentlemen in an innocent not so innocent way. She had learned at an early age that wearing shirts that allowed her nipples to poke through got her lots of attention from men. Jess has nipples that are not real large but are always somewhat erect. They do get harder, of course, when she is cold or excited, but they are never actually soft either. She told me when she was young, she would intentionally go braless wearing a tight thin shirt when she knew her dad's friends would be around. She would usually be told to go put something on that was more appropriate, but she was always pushing the boundaries. She shared how she loved it when the men would try to steal looks at her nipples, and there were a few that would stare without even trying to hide it. She liked the men who tried to steal glances more than the ones that stared directly, which seemed creepier to her.
Jess is now 5'6" tall, has long blond hair, dark eyes, full firm C-Cup breasts, a nice long slim torso, flat tight stomach, long legs, perfect ass, a gorgeous tight small bald pussy with beautiful little lips. She also has a killer, almost innocent, smile to top it off. Although we had been seeing each other for a few months before our first Cancun trip, it wasn't until that trip that I truly realized just how beautiful she really is. At the resort, Jess was standing by herself, drinking a glass of wine while waiting for me. I was about 50 feet away talking to someone we had met earlier in the day when the guy paused, looked at Jess, then said to me, "She is the most beautiful woman here." I looked at Jess for a moment and it was then that it finally struck me just how beautiful she really is. I turned to the man and told him, "You know the best part of it is? She doesn't even realize how beautiful she really is, and she's as beautiful on the inside as she is the out." I meant it, too. Jess knew she was hot and sexy, but not in a conceited way, and she had no idea how intense her beauty really was. But she did understand the effect she had on men.
Jess also has a small hoop piercing in her clitoral hood. I have always had a thing for a girl with her pussy pierced. Preferably through the hood, and I like a small hoop instead of a bar. Don't get me wrong, it is all hot. But my preference is a thin hoop through the hood where the tension ball will hang down in front of or over the clit. Jess has what is called a tulip-style pussy (Google it). It's named for how the labia minora resemble a tulip about to bloom. With the tulip shape, her labia minora is slightly visible between the labia majora all the way down her slit, but her labia minora are small and do not hang as in a curtain-shaped pussy. The point is that I always thought if she had a hoop through her hood, it would be on display so nicely because of how her pussy is shaped. Her clitoris is small, but it is barely hidden by her hood, and when she gets excited her clit just barely peeks out from beneath her hood. It looks so hot, and I thought that with this type of piercing the ball on the hoop would stimulate her clit when she was excited.
When Jess and I started dating, I let her know how much I enjoyed her exhibitionist side. I enjoyed other men looking at her, and I loved her exposing herself in one way or another. It always turned me on to hear about something that happened when I was not around. I think I enjoyed her recapping events for me even more than being there and actually witnessing it myself. Jess was who she was, and she enjoyed wearing things that showed herself off. She was just going to be who she was around our house and did not care who was there and what they saw. That was the ultimate turn-on for me. She carried herself with this carefree attitude and had a way of laughing things off when in mixed company that made it almost acceptable. If she was in a teasing mood or with just men around, she had a way of dismissing it in a flirty way that was more like, "Oh well, you got a peek. I hope you enjoyed it." It's hard to explain but with few exceptions, most people just accepted this about her and never made too big of a deal of it. Our close friends would just call her out and roll their eyes. Some of them, especially the guys, just enjoyed the view, and you could always see them trying to steal glances at this gorgeous carefree girl.
This story is about Jess's exhibitionist side and me enjoying the role of a voyeur as she recounts her exploits with me almost on a nightly basis. There is some sex between her and me, but it's really about Jess teasing my buddy Mike and creating an atmosphere where being nude around him became the norm. If you are not into real exhibitionism - the teasing, the build-up, the fun of it - then you should probably move on from this story because it might be a little slow for you. Anyway, this is how it started.
This story happened while my buddy Mike was living with us for a few months. He had broken up with his fiancé Allie, and since they had been living at her place at the time, he found himself with nowhere to stay. We had an extra room, and I offered to let him stay with us for a few weeks until he could find something. I didn't anticipate it would take almost 2 months, but as luck would have it turned out to be quite an entertaining time for Jess and me.
Mike moved in and was staying in our guest room. Our house is laid out with the master bedroom on one side of the house and the other rooms on the other side. So having someone stay there was not really a big deal as we still had our privacy, and our guests had their own privacy as well. But the kitchen, the living room, great room, patio, pool, and hot tub were common areas that we all shared.
I had been dating Jess for almost 2 years at this point, so Mike had been around her several times and knew she was a bit on the wild side. He had stayed the night with us one time before after a late night of partying, and he had seen her in the morning wearing her short, quite revealing nightshirt. Everyone we hung around with was used to seeing her without a bra, as she rarely ever wore one. He had even seen her topless in the hot tub a year or so back on a drunken night where he and Allie and another couple had stayed late partying with us. The ladies were all topless. So he was familiar with Jess and her antics.
Jess never wears panties or bottoms when she sleeps, typically wearing just some form of a longer shirt. At various times it's a short nightgown, one of my t-shirts, or my favorite, a tank top or wifebeater. In the mornings, if she was in a tank top with no panties, she would slip on some shorts if anyone else was there or if she was going out on the patio, but if she was in a nightshirt or a long t-shirt, she wouldn't bother with bottoms regardless of who was at the house.
When Mike moved in, he kept saying he didn't want to intrude on us, that he would do his best to stay out of sight to give us our privacy. We told him it would be fine and for him to make himself home. Still, the first week it was a bit awkward getting used to the 3 of us being in the house together. I typically left for work earlier than Jess and Mike. Mike worked a mid-shift, and Jess didn't need to be in until 10 am. I typically left the house by 7:00 and Jess about 9:30. On weekends we were all home with no set morning schedules. The first week we were all getting used to our schedules and I immediately noticed that Jess was altering her behavior because of Mike. She would get up and put on a robe before going to get coffee, or she would get completely dressed before going out into the kitchen. By the end of the first week, I asked her about it.
"Why do you keep getting dressed before you go out to the kitchen in the morning?" I asked. "You haven't done that since you moved in."
"I don't know," Jess answered. "With Mike here, I don't want it to be awkward or uncomfortable, so I just got dressed. It's no big deal. I don't mind."
"If that's what you want to do, but I don't think it will really matter to Mike," I responded. "It's your house, so you do what you want. If it makes you feel more comfortable, I understand. I just don't want this to be something that starts to get on your nerves. It's only going to be for another week or two."
"I know. Honestly, I don't mind. It's no big deal. I'm happy that you're helping him out," she told me.
And that's how it was for the first couple of weeks. I was surprised that on the first weekend she even got dressed before coming out for coffee and breakfast. That's something she's never done, even when we had people stay the night after partying. She always just wore her nightshirt while making breakfast or having coffee. I prodded her about why she was doing it, and she again just repeated that she was just being polite and didn't want it to be weird for Mike while he was staying there. Then one day things changed.
When we got to work Jess emailed me. Here is the actual verbiage from our email messages condensed for this story:
JESS: So, you will never guess what happened this morning.
ME: Oh boy, what now?
JESS: I was getting ready for work and my scrubs were all wrinkled, so I went and put them in the dryer with a damp towel before I got in the shower. When I got out of the shower, I went to go get my scrubs out of the dryer and I ran into Mike in the hallway on the way to the laundry room. He looked like a dear in headlights because I only had my panties on, and a towel wrapped around my head. He scared the shit out of me, and I screamed so loud it scared him back. I was not expecting him to be there. He looked frightened when I screamed like he was in trouble or something. He kept apologizing over and over. I just started to laugh, mostly at myself. I reassured him it was alright that I just needed to grab my stuff from the dryer and that I kind of forgot he was staying there.
ME: Oh my god that is funny. You were topless too? How long were you talking to him?
JESS: Not long. I just told him I had to get in there and I scooted by him to get in the dryer. I asked him how he was doing and got my stuff out of the dryer. We didn't talk long I just took my stuff and went back to the room to get ready for work.
ME: Were you covering your tits, or did you just let him look?
JESS: When I screamed I did. It was very funny. I screamed and like pulled my right leg up and covered my tits kind of crouching down a little like. I guess curling up to protect myself! LOL Then when I realized it was just Mike, I just sat there laughing. It took me a good minute to stop laughing at myself and then I got up but I was still laughing.
ME: So, your tits were out the whole time? You didn't cover them back up?
JESS: No, I just kept laughing then I just told him I had to get in there.
ME: You are such a tease. Was he staring at them?
JESS: Maybe at first, he did. Then he looked away. When I was getting my stuff and asked how he was, he might have looked a few times. He definitely got an eye full if that is what you are asking.
ME: Well, I am sure that made his morning. Did it turn you on a little?
JESS: Not right then but afterwards while I was getting ready it did. As I was finished getting ready what turned me on was, I kept thinking about him checking out my ass when I walked away from him. I kept thinking about him looking at my ass. It made me feel really sexy and a little horny him looking at my ass in only my thong.
ME: You probably did the whole thing on purpose. You love showing your body off and that was a perfect setup. Tell me the truth did you plan it?
JESS: No honestly. I would tell you if I did. That is what made it so funny is that he literally scared the shit out of me. I had completely forgotten he was even there, and my mind was in another place.
ME: Well, that is super-hot! Too bad you were not completely naked!
JESS: I am glad I wasn't. I probably would have ran for the room embarrassed.
ME: Why? You have flashed your pussy many times to people. Hell, Mike probably had caught a glimpse once before.
JESS: That is different. If I am doing it on purpose, then that is just me teasing someone. Or if I am in something revealing and I know someone might get a peak then that is different too. For that I am mentally prepared, but when you walk out of your bedroom and you run into a man that you were not expecting to be there, it makes you feel very vulnerable like I was going to get killed or raped. Hard to explain.
ME: I kind of get it. I know you like it when you can do the teasing or make them think they are getting away with peak when actually you were the one doing the flashing. I love that about you, and I love it when we both know you are teasing someone. I have a bit of a boner though thinking of him seeing you topless like that.
JESS: I have no doubt. That is why I wanted to tell you. I tried to call you, but you didn't answer. I knew you would enjoy hearing about this.
ME: I know I was in a meeting sorry. Yes, that is hot! Now I want you to tease him again. That is hot!
JESS: You are such a pervert!
Late that night when we got home, I was dying to discuss this with her. I was horny all day thinking about what had happened that morning and my mind was so excited for her to find ways to tease Mike. Jess went to yoga after work, and when she got home she immediately took a shower. She came out for dinner wearing my favorite night shirt, which is made of a very clingy silk. It is not real tight, but because of the nature of the fabric it lays against her body like a second skin. It will form around her boobs in a way that it looks like she is almost body painted, and her hard nipples seem to almost poke right through the material. It is short, coming just to the bottom of her sexy little ass. Of course, being Jess, she never wears anything under it.
Jess came out into the kitchen still brushing her wet hair. Even though we had been living together for a while, I still get excited when she is wearing only a shirt like this. I am also still struck by her beauty - she had no idea how incredibly hot she was in everyday moments like this. Oblivious to my adoration, she started telling me about her day. I listened attentively for a few minutes but took the first opportunity to steer the conversation towards the activities of her morning.
"I love that shirt on you," I told her. "You should wear that around Mike tomorrow morning and brush your wet hair like you're doing now. It's almost like you're wearing nothing."
"I wondered how long it would take for you to bring that up. You are such a perv," she replied jokingly.
I laughed. "You know you like it just as much as I do," I said with a grin. "Just look at your tits in that shirt. It's like you're body painted. Every curve shows. You know he'll find it very hard not to stare."
"I don't usually see him in the morning. I think that was a fluke yesterday, and it probably won't happen again," she replied.
"Well, it could happen if you helped it along, spent some more time in the kitchen and made a little noise. After today he would be foolish not to come out to at least take a peek at you. I know I'd find an excuse to come out to see what you were wearing," I replied, trying to encourage her to be more aggressive.
"And then what?" she asked. "You just want me to flirt with him? Tease him a little?"
"Like I need to tell you what to do. I'm just suggesting that you go out there and be accessible. Then just be yourself. Do what you do. I'm sure I'll love hearing about whatever happens next."
"You mean like this," she said, turning around and putting both hands on the counter while bending forward slightly so her shirt pulled up, baring the bottom half of her amazing ass. She arched her back towards me, providing me with a perfect view of her ass and pussy from behind.
Jess has amazing thigh gap and one of those pussies that can easily be seen from behind. When she is laying naked on her stomach in bed you can clearly see her pussy from behind. When she bends and arches her back as she was for me at that moment, her entire little pussy and her asshole were on display. I could even see her piercing, hanging down from her hood. It was so fucking hot! She knows how much I love that.
"Oh, dear lord. I was thinking a bit more coy. If you do that for Mike he just might come up from behind and try to fuck you," I told her as I walked over to her getting harder with every step.
"Maybe I'll let him fuck me then," she said lewdly, looking at me over her shoulder as she widened her legs and bent over a little bit more, sexily wagging her ass at me as she did. It was obvious that the talk was getting to her the same as it was to me.
"You are such a slut. I talk about teasing, and you start talking about fucking." I finished my sentence as I got behind her and placed my hands on her hips. Kneeling down behind her and leaning forward, I ran my tongue through her hot already wet little pussy slit and right up to her tight little asshole. She bent over further and arched her back even more, giving me complete access to all of her. "I bet he won't lick your pussy and ass like this though," I said, moving my mouth back to her pussy and running my tongue deeply through her slit and sliding it into her pussy as far as I could.
"I bet he would love to lick my pussy, and he probably wants to fuck it too," she said with a bit of a moan and a wiggle of her hips. "Oh god that feels so good. Don't stop. You can do that to me for hours and I'll never get tired of it," she told me as her breath quickened. She was now bending her knees and sticking her ass out as much as she could, allowing me to get into her pussy deep from that angle.
My dick was rock hard, and I was so turned on I wanted to fuck her right then. I stood up, dropped my shorts and thrust the entire length of my rock hard dick as forcefully and as deeply into her soaking wet pussy as I could. She gave a sexy whimper as I slammed into her. I started fucking her from behind as hard as I could, with my only intent being to fill her freshly showered pussy with my load. This was not about satisfying her. This was about me, and I was so turned on from the day's activities that there was no way I was going to last long. Jess could tell, and she reached down between her legs to lightly grab my balls. This is something she knows I love and always puts me over the edge. It did this time too. As I began to cum, I pulled out and I shot my load across her ass and all over her back. I wanted to keep her pussy clean so I could get her in bed to I could go down on her while I worked our big dildo into her, which we both knew would give her an amazing orgasm. Which is exactly what we did next.
That night Jess and I talked more about possible scenarios and how she could tease Mike in the future. It was great sex talk, and it was very exciting going to work the next morning knowing Jess might be exposing herself to Mike. Each day I would wait impatiently for her to call or message me to let me know what happened, but for several days there was nothing. It was the same thing - he wasn't up, or she went out there and he wasn't out there, etc. But finally, about 4 days later, there was activity.
JESS: I saw Mike this morning...
ME: No fucking way really? What happened? Don't spare any details.
JESS: Nope, I am going to make you wait until tonight to hear the good stuff.
ME: Please don't. I won't be able to focus on anything all day long. It will drive me nuts. Common, what happened?
JESS: Ok, but just because I love you. I was getting ready for work, and I heard Mike in the kitchen. I was actually nude in the bathroom when I heard him, but I was a little horny and felt mischievous. So, I slipped my night shirt back on, the grey one you love so much, and I took my brush with me and walked out into the kitchen brushing my hair. Mike was making something to eat, and he looked up and said good morning. I immediately noticed his eyes flash to my tits and my nipples. You know how that shirt is and how it clings to me. I asked how his weekend was and talked to him while he was making his food and I was just brushing my hair.
ME: Where were you standing. What was his view like?
JESS: At first, I was just standing by the hallway but as he sat down to eat, I moved over by the fridge so I could look at him while talking.
ME: What else happened? Did he get to see your ass or pussy?
JESS: He kept stealing glances at my tits so when I finished brushing my hair, I folded my arms under my tits which made my shirt pull really tight against them and also squeezed them together a little. He kept stealing glances.
ME: Were you enjoying it? Were you trying to tease him more?
JESS: It was fun and yes, I was enjoying it. While I was talking to him, I looked down and saw how hard my nipples were poking through the thin shirt. That really turned me on seeing how hard they were and knowing he was looking at them. I was trying to think of something else to do but where he was sitting there was not much I could do. I did go over to the blinds and opened them. I had to reach up do it and I am pretty sure that made my ass cheeks peak out for him.
ME: That is so much fun. I wonder what he got to see. When we get home tonight you will have to put a little show on for me and I will tell you what he got to see.
JESS: Ok. To be honest, it was actually a lot of fun and it made me really horny. I wanted to buzz my pussy and cum before I came to work but I didn't have enough time. Going to be a long frustrating day.
ME: I will take care of you tonight. I am sure after you act out what you did this morning for him, I am going to be incredibly horny.
That night when we got home, I wanted Jess to show me immediately what had happened. She put me off until after dinner and we were winding down for the night. I had her put her night shirt on and come out like just as she did when Mike was there. I had already asked her where he had been sitting. We have a large island in the kitchen, and he had been sitting on a stool on the side of the island opposite the stove and fridge. I took the same seat he had used.
"Where were you standing when he was eating?" I asked her.
"Right here. I was leaning against the counter just like this," she told me. Jess had moved to directly in front of me across the island, leaning back so her butt was against the counter.
"I can't see your pussy from here, but your tits do look great. That shirt leaves nothing to the imagination," I told her.
"I didn't think he could see my pussy. I definitely wasn't trying to show it to him while we were talking. I thought that maybe when I folded my arms I might have accidentally pulled my shirt up for a second, but I didn't really think so. At least I didn't see him look down," she said, and then she folded her arms like she had described.
This did cause the shirt to pull tight across her tits, and her nipples were straining against it. If I were talking to my buddy's girlfriend and she was wearing that shirt I would be quite aroused. That shirt is like being body painted the way it clings and how thin it is. The bottom of her shirt did pull up some, but it was just long enough to cover the front of her pussy, so he probably didn't see anything.
"How long were you standing like that?" I asked.
"Not too long. A few minutes maybe."
"Then you went over to the blinds?"
"Yeah. I was trying to act natural, and I thought maybe it would give him a flash of my ass," she told me.
"Go over there and show me how you did it," I instructed.
The blinds she opened are on the large window off the nook area that faces the water. From where Mike was sitting this would be to his left. The ceilings are 9' high in most areas of the house but in the kitchen great room the ceilings are vaulted. The top of the blinds is about 10' high and there are more decorative windows above the main windows. The point is that the blinds she went to open are quite high and you do have to reach up to the wand that you turn to open them. Jess went to the blinds and reached up for the wand and started to close the blinds.
"Now that is hot!" I told her. As she reached her arms up the night shirt lifted, exposing the bottom half of her gorgeous ass. You could also see her thigh gap and the lovely view she presents from behind. Even with the sexy way Jess's body is the height of the stool didn't allow for the best for angle, and with the light that would have been coming in from the window behind her, I really doubt Mike could have made anything out. "He definitely got a great shot of your ass like that, but I don't think he could see your pussy though. Not from this angle. But the way you are standing is very fucking hot. I would have been very excited to have seen that." I told her.
"Really? That is fun. I wonder if he was looking or not?" she said.
"Of course he was. He realized you didn't have panties on. Just learning that fact had to have made him a little hard. I'm sure he never took his eyes off your ass. Arch your back a little toward me, not a ton just a little bit in a way that might look natural. I want to see if your pussy comes into view or not," I told her.
"Like this?" she asked as she arched her back pushing her ass out toward me. It was very sexy, and it did provide a very slight glimpse of her pussy.
"That's hot, babe. I can just make out your pussy like that. If I was sitting at the table in one of the chairs I'd have a great view. But even from here it is still very hot and alluring. What a little tease you are!"
"I don't think I'd really want to bend over and flash my pussy at him like that, but it's good to know what he'd be able to see. It was fun though. Now I'm all horny again talking about it, so you better be ready to fuck me."
"Oh, don't worry I am. Are you going to tease him some more tomorrow?"
"I don't know. Maybe. Probably."
"Let's go pick you out something to wear," I said.
We went into the room and Jess pulled out few things, but we settled on a really thin white wifebeater tank top. Her nipples and areoles clearly showed through the shirt because the fabric was so thin and worn. It was short though, coming down just to the top of her hips. I told her to not wear panties, but of course that wasn't going to fly. She put on a pair of thong panties that has some transparent lace in the front and were quite small. It was hard to make out any details, but you could tell her pussy was bald through them. If someone as hot as Jess stood in front of me wearing that outfit, I would have a boner and wouldn't be able to keep my eyes off her. My dick was hard watching her try this stuff on, and once we made the final decision, I stripped her down, put her on the bed and buried my face into that perfect pussy.
ME: Are you at work yet? I am going crazy waiting to hear about your morning.
1 Hour Later
JESS: Sorry, I was running late today and that put me behind. Let me get caught up and I can chat in a little bit.
ME: Ok, but hurry!
Another hour passed by.
JESS: Ok, sorry babe I can chat for a little bit now. How was your morning?
ME: My morning was stressful because all I could think about was what was happening at home.
JESS: LOL. It was a fun morning. I think he is starting to relax a little maybe even looking forward to our morning chats. Today he was out there a little earlier than usual. I had my outfit on already waiting for him. I almost chickened out because I was putting my makeup on in the bathroom and with the light in there you can clearly make out everything through that shirt. It's almost completely transparent and those panties are a little loose. They kept shifting and sliding down some almost to the top of my slit. It was making me nervous but at the same time I did feel really sexy, and I kept looking at myself and getting turned on waiting for him to make his way to the kitchen.
ME: That is so hot. I already have a full boner and I am squeezing it through my pants. TELL ME MORE!
JESS: I love that. I love that you get turned on by the same stuff that turns me on, and last night was so much fun picking this outfit out.
ME: I love this side of you. It makes me so excited thinking about it.
JESS: Me too! This morning I was more of a nervous excited for some reason. When I heard him in the kitchen, I immediately had that butterfly feeling in my stomach and I felt like my heart was racing. I was nervous for a moment and almost did not go through with it. But I was really excited. I felt my pussy and I was really wet already from the excitement, so I just picked up my brush and went for it. When I came around the corning he was already sitting down eating. His eyes lit up when he saw me, and I saw his eyes go straight to my tits and then down to my panties. He seemed very excited to see me and not as shy or I guess shocked as he had the last few days. I usually drive the conversation, but he started out by asking me about how I was feeling and what was going on today.
ME: I can totally picture this in my mind and it's so HOT. I can see you standing there in that shirt, and I know I would be staring at your nipples the whole time. I would also be glancing at your panties waiting for a chance to see a glimpse of your pussy. I really think that outfit was a great pick for this little game were playing! What else happened?
JESS: We talked while I bushed my hair like we usually do and then we started talking about his job situation. He just feels like he is in a rut with his breakup and job not going where he wants it to go. We got into a deep conversation, and I felt bad for him, so I poured some coffee and sat down in one of the kitchen chairs. I pulled out the chair and spun it around to face him. I hate sitting on those stools at the island, so I sat there instead.
[This put the kitchen table to her back, and she was facing him with nothing between them. They were sitting about 6-8 feet apart, and Mike had a full body close-up view of Jess with nothing between them.]
ME: Wow, you were sitting there in your skimpy thong and see-through shirt for almost an hour? He must have been in heaven. Did you get up at all or do anything else that was tease-worthy?
JESS: This is the part that you are going to like most because we weren't just sitting there the entire time. We talked about his job for a while then the conversation shifted, and it was more upbeat. That is when I kind of remembered that I was half naked. I had just been sitting there with my legs crossed most of the time. I really didn't give it much thought as I was really just paying attention to his situation. But as the tone shifted, I got up and got us both coffees.
[Her back would have been to him while she was making the coffee because of where the coffee is at, so he had a clear view of her thong covered ass].
JESS: When I came back to my seat, I sat down crisscross style so he could see my panties while I sat there. His eyes began darting down there when he thought I was not looking. I did check my panties position a few times and that caught his eye each time I did. I don't know if he saw anything more than just my panties but sitting like that pulls them tight to my pussy so maybe he did.
Then I realized what time it was and that I was already going to be late, but I was just starting to have fun and I was also enjoying his chit chat. I think he was enjoying our conversation as well. So, I asked if he wanted more coffee and he said yes. I don't think he wanted the moment to end. I had to finish getting ready and get out the door, so I told him I had to finish getting ready for work and he should come talk with me while I finished.
ME: He followed you back to our room? Into the bathroom?
JESS: He did, but he stood at our doorway and didn't come all the way in at first. I went into the bathroom to finish my hair and makeup. I poked my head out and told him I could not really hear him and suggested he sit on the bed. He came in and sat on the bed, and we talked while he watched me finish my makeup.
[Sitting on the side of the bed would give him a direct line of sight into the bathroom]
My makeup didn't take long but I was having fun and was getting really horny, so I decided to do something else. I started telling him about my plans for my upcoming girl's weekend, and while I was talking, I walked out of the bathroom and past him, heading for the dresser. As I walked past him I pulled my shirt off over my head and dropped it on the floor. When I got to the dresser, my back was to him. I pulled my panties off, I got a clean pair out to wear and put those on. I had my back to him the whole time I was changing my panties. I don't know if he could see anything more than just my naked ass from where he was sitting. I didn't bend over much putting my panties on because I didn't want it to be too crazy, but he may have gotten a little flash while I was doing that. The whole time my stomach was going nuts with excitement. I was so excited and turned on, but I just kept talking to make it feel casual and like it was no big deal. Then I turned around and I walked over to the closet to get a pair of scrubs out to wear.
[To walk to the closet, she had to walk past Mike to the other side of the room.]
I got my scrubs out of the closet came back out and sat them on the bed. I needed socks and a cammi so I went back to the dresser to grab those.
[She does not wear a bra under her scrubs, but she does wear a cotton camisole type top that protects her nipples from the rough material of the scrubs].
I sat down on the floor really quick to put my socks on then I got up and came back around to the side of the bed where my scrubs were. I pulled my bottoms on first then I put the cammi on and then my top. I was having so much fun and it felt so casual and naughty at the same time. I could have stayed and flirted like that all day long if I didn't have to get to work.
ME: Oh my god that is so fucking hot! Did that really happen or are you just fucking with me?
JESS: No, that is exactly what happened. I know it's probably not as much detail as you'd like to hear, but that is what happened. That is why I was so far behind this morning.
ME: Well, my mind is racing and I'm sure I'll have a million questions for you later tonight as I digest and fantasize about this all day. It's going to be very hard to work today. That is really hot, babe. I wonder what Mike thought about all of that. Did he have a boner? Could you tell?
JESS: Honestly, I didn't really look. I'd be insulted if he weren't at least a little hard.
ME: I bet he went and stroked his cock after, fantasizing about you the whole time. Wow that is really hot. It sounds like you had fun with it too.
JESS: Yeah, I did. I think because I was so horny at first that it really put me into the zone. I didn't plan the whole getting dressed but once I had my top off I was really getting turned on being almost completely nude like that in front of him.
ME: So, you want to be completely nude in front of him now?
JESS: I don't know. Maybe. Today just worked you know. I was in control and making it feel a bit natural or casual. I think if something like today happened again I would probably try.
ME: You love when guys see your pussy don't you?
JESS: Yes. Is that bad? I feel like that is something a bit more off the charts of normal then just a see-through shirt or being topless.
ME: Well, its naughty but I just think that is who you are. You've always enjoyed it. You love flashing Tom [our neighbor] and you love being without panties around people so they might get a peek. As far as I am concerned it is really hot and I love it. I love hearing about it. I am going to make you tell me all about it again tonight.
JESS: I am so glad I can talk to you like we do. It makes me feel so much better just being open about it. It makes it more fun for me knowing I am kind of doing it for you too. As I was driving to work, I literally thought to myself that you are going to love how I took my panties off like that. I knew you would like that I did.
ME: I did! I loved it. So, what is next?
JESS: I don't know. I think I just need to keep it casual like it has been, and then just slip stuff in as it feels right. I liked how the watching me getting ready wasn't planned. That just let me do what felt right in the moment. I did like the see-through top though, or something more revealing to start. That kind of opened the door for the rest. I don't want to just walk out there nude and ruin the game, but being at least partially exposed helps make it all work, I think. Let's talk about it later. I really have to get some work done.
That night we talked about it again, and she once again said that she just wants to go with whatever feels right in the moment. I gave her some ideas, but then we got distracted talking about what had happened that day. I wanted to know what Mike had seen so I had her go take her panties off and put them back on the way she did for him. Her back was to him, but if she did it the same way you could clearly make out her pussy from behind. It was brief, but he most likely got a very nice quick glimpse. I made her walk around the room exactly the way she did for him so I could enjoy it all the same way Mike did. Then I threw her on the bed and once again buried my face into her pretty pussy. We had a great night of sex talking and fantasizing about more ways she could tease Mike.
When I left the next morning, I was again drooling with anticipation. Jess had slept naked, so I had no idea what she may or may not wear that day. The anticipation and the excitement were killing me all morning, and she finally got to work and sent me an email.
JESS: So how was your morning?
ME: It was just dandy how was YOUR morning.
JESS: It was nice.
ME: Anything special happen today?
JESS: Like what?
ME: Oh, you are such a tease. What happened?
JESS: LOL. I am a tease, you know! I got up, and then tried to decide what to put on. I couldn't really find anything that I liked. I wanted something see through again, so I just got the same tank top from yesterday and put that back on. Then I put on a pair of panties and went to the kitchen. Mike wasn't out there yet, so I just made a little extra noise while I was making coffee. He heard me and came out to the kitchen. We talked a little while sipping our coffee. I told him I needed to get ready for work, but if he wasn't in a rush he could come keep me company while I did. He said sure and followed me into the bedroom. He stood by the door again at first and I went into the bathroom. I had to take a shower because last night someone came all over my tits and stomach and I had to get the cum stains off my body 😉. I went in and started the shower, then stripped off my tank top. I came back out and was putting my hair up with a clip. Mikes eyes lit up when I came out with my top off. As I finished putting my hair up, I told him to come in and sit down while I took a quick shower. He came over to the bed and sat down looking into the bathroom at me. I went back into the bathroom, stripped off my panties, and got into the shower.
While I washed, I got even more excited and really wanted him to see me completely naked. I finished quickly so he wouldn't leave before I got out. I rushed through the shower and turned it off. That's when I realized that in my rush, I had forgotten to grab a towel -- I was going to have to walk to the closet to get one. [The linen closet is just to the left of the door into the bathroom. When you walk into the bathroom it would be on your immediate left, behind the door. You had to close the door a bit in order to get to the closet. This means that Jess would have about a 12 foot walk from the shower to the closet]. I thought to myself, "Shit I forgot a towel." Then I casually stepped out of the shower and walked toward Mike to the closet. He watched me the entire time, and he wasn't trying to look away one bit. I saw him eyeing me from head to toe.
After I got the towel, I dried off in front of the sinks, and we continued to talk the whole time. I kept looking back at him and he never stopped watching me the entire time. I could see his eyes going from my tits to my pussy. I hung up my towel and spent a couple of minutes putting my face stuff on. I could see him looking at me in the reflection of the mirror. I grabbed my lotion and put it on my body like I always do after I shower. I was still facing the mirror and I did my arms first. I really enjoyed watching myself in the mirror as I put my lotion on. It's like I was watching what Mike was watching because I could see him in the reflection of the mirror, and he was watching very intently while trying to carry on with our conversation. Then Mike stopped talking mid-sentence as I put some in my hands and massage the lotion into my tits. I was so turned on, and my stomach was jumping with butterflies. It was quite and I don't know what we were talking about, but when it was time to do my legs, I needed to break the silence, so I paused and faced him to say something, and that is when I noticed he had a hard on. He was wearing a pair of workout shorts and I don't think he had underwear on because I could see his dick poking straight up. That gave me a tickle in my tummy too, knowing he had a hard on watching me.
I continued talking and put more lotion on my hands and smeared some on each leg, all the way up to my pussy. As I finished my second leg, I used both hands to rub the excess lotion from my knees up to my inner thighs, and then lightly and quickly over my pussy and my tummy. I did this like 2-3 times. All while facing him and talking about something. It was all very fast, but I know it was erotic, and I was purposefully pulling up on my pussy some each time, making it more visible and elongated my lips for him each time I did it.
After that I went back to the mirror and I took down my hair, put a little makeup on, and fixed my hair while talking to him. When I was done in the bathroom, I walked out to the dresser to get panties. This time I made sure I bent enough, and arched enough, to give him a good look at my pussy from behind. Then I just finished getting ready and headed out the door.
ME: OH MY FUCKING GOD!! You have got to be kidding me. That was like reading a Penthouse Letters story, which you probably don't even know what that is. I cannot believe you did all of that! Are you just fucking with me or did all of that really happen?
JESS: I know what Penthouse letters are. My stepdad had Penthouse and Playboy. I used to sneak in and steal them and look at the pictures and also read the letters. So yes, I know what those are. And yes, that is what happened. Do you think I would take all that time to write something that long that did not happen? That is exactly what happened. I have been so turned on today I want to go home now and just lay around and masturbate the rest of the day.
ME: I am just in awe. That is so amazing. What made you think to invite him in to watch you get ready?
JESS: I was lying in bed, and I really wanted him to see me nude. I was laying there lightly playing with my pussy and I was getting really horny thinking about him seeing me again that morning. I started thinking about him watching me shower. I almost just stayed in bed and made myself cum, but I really wanted him to see me. I was thinking I would do what I did the day before and let him see me nude again, but maybe for a little longer. When I got up, I thought that maybe he could watch me get undressed to get into the shower and that is what I was going to do, but the rest just happened. I think when I saw he was hard that it pushed me to go a little further and I just went with it.
ME: I still can't believe that he watched you put lotion on! That is the sexiest part. I get so turned on watching you put lotion on. It's so sexy to watch. I wonder if he could see your pussy lips when you ran your hands over your pussy like that.
JESS: Maybe a little. I didn't like spread it open or anything like that, but I did pull up on it some because I like the way that feels. It makes my hood pull up and my ring rubs against my clit. He wasn't even trying to look away at that point, which was hot too. He was just watching me, kind of staring.
ME: I am still in awe. My heart is pounding. I wonder what he thinks about all of this? Maybe I should say something to him, so he doesn't get the wrong idea.
JESS: Don't say anything! It will embarrass me if you do. He probably thinks you don't know, and that I'm just teasing him or maybe he just thinks I am a nudist. If you say something to him it will make it weird, or it might make it more perverse in a way that he thinks he can touch me or something. I like the little game we have going right now.
ME: Ok I won't say anything, but now that he has seen you completely naked what are you going to do?
JESS: I don't know really. I liked the last couple of days of just winging it. Tomorrow is Saturday so I highly doubt anything will happen this weekend. Come Monday it may have a completely different vibe.
We talked about it all weekend. We fucked that night and two times on Saturday and two times on Sunday. We were both completely horny over the situation, and neither of us could wait until Monday morning to see what would happen next. We did see Mike on Sunday morning. Nothing really happened, but it was interesting to watch him around Jess and I together. I thought he was acting a little sheepish.
Monday Morning
JESS: Good morning babe. How was your morning?
ME: So far it has been ok. Been waiting to get my morning update of your debauchery.
JESS: Well this morning was interesting and different. I hope this didn't go too far.
ME: Oh boy! What does that mean? You didn't fuck him, did you?
JESS: NO! Nothing like that, but our friendship has grown to be pretty close, and I think he feels it too. There are just not many boundaries now. Today he didn't wait for me to come out but actually brought me coffee to the room.
ME: Oh really. Were you still in bed?
JESS: Yes. I was awake but I was playing with my phone. The door was half open and he knocked and called my name. I just answered with a "Yes?" and he said he had coffee for me, so I told him to come on in. I sat up in bed and I took the coffee from him.
ME: Wow. That was bold of him. What did you have on?
JESS: I still had that blue tank top on that I slept in last night. [She often sleeps in a wife beater or a tank top with no panties on. She never sleeps with panties or shorts on. Always bare-bottomed at night. This tank top is not long at all. It does not come down past her hips really. It's not like a nightshirt or anything. it's just a tank top.]
ME: Did he come in and talk to you? Did you stay covered up? Could he see your pussy? Describe it to me! Give me a visual.
JESS: I sat up and took the coffee from him. You know the shirt. It's not transparent but it's thin and tight so my nipples poke through hard. I still had the covers on me so he could not see my waist. I took the coffee and took a sip and we made small talk for a few minutes. I was thinking in my mind that if I get out of bed in front of him, I'll be nude from the waist down, and wasn't sure how that would appear. It did give me a tingle and was distracting me while chatting with him. I did notice it was getting late and I said I had to get up and get going. He said he would let me get ready, and I told him that was ok hang out. I told him that I enjoyed our morning chats. I sat my coffee down on the nightstand, then pulled the covers back to get up. I told him I had to pee, to give me a minute, then I got up and walked into the bathroom. In case you're wondering, and I know you are, he did get to see my pussy for a few seconds when I put my coffee down and pulled the covers back to get out of bed.
ME: Oh, dear lord. That is so hot! He must feel like the luckiest guy in the world getting to see you nude every morning now. I wonder if he could see your pussy lips at all from where he was standing. That must have been so hot when you pulled the covers back and "surprise" you have no panties on.
JESS: What I like about it is that he is acting very casual. Even though I'm nude, and in my mind, I am all horny knowing I am teasing him and showing myself off, all the while our conversations are actually fun and I'm enjoying the chatting with him. He tells me all about his girl problems and I try to give him advice. He hooked up with a girl from the bar this weekend. That's why we didn't see him Saturday; he stayed the night at her place, then went out with her and her friends Saturday. I think that's what makes this more fun, that he doesn't say anything weird about me being nude in front of him. He just rolls with it. I know he likes it because I can see him getting hard sometimes, and he does stare at my body more openly now, but he does not say dumb shit about it.
ME: I think that is so hot! He knows he can't have you and nothing is going to happen, so he's probably just trying to do what he thinks he should to keep the good stuff going for as long as he can. I'm sure he also likes chatting with you too. You two have always been close that way. So, when you went to the bathroom did he leave?
JESS: No not at all. This is the craziest part. We've gone to a whole new level now. After I peed, I went back out to the bedroom and got my coffee. I still didn't have any panties on, just my tank top. I grabbed my coffee and then went back into the bathroom. I told him to come in and talk to me because I had to get ready. So, he came in and stood in the bathroom doorway while I brushed my teeth. That was actually a lot of fun for me because I was looking in the mirror seeing myself again exactly as he was seeing me because he was standing just a few feet away, also looking at my reflection in the mirror. We were both seeing me standing there in that thin top with no panties on.
ME: My dear lord that is so hot! I can envision it now. I'm going to have to get a hidden camera put in so I can witness all of this going on. I just want to be fly on the wall and enjoy seeing what he is seeing. There's something so erotic to me about you standing there with no panties on like that. It just seems a bit more alluring because you still have a top on. He had to be loving this. What happened next?
JESS: I walked back and started the shower, then peeled off my tank top. I figured what the heck, he's come this far he might as well stick around while I shower.
ME: You're such a naughty girl. You love his shit, don't you? Dear lord, it's a fantasy for me to be in his shoes, in that situation, seeing something I really shouldn't be seeing. Did he stay in the doorway the whole time you showered? [The shower is set back in the bathroom, away from the reflection of the mirrors. If he stayed in the doorway he would not be able to see her once she went into the shower.]
JESS: Actually, no. I had him come in the bathroom while I showered. I needed a towel so after I took my top off, I walked over to the closet to grab one. He was in the doorway, and I needed him to move so I could close the door to get to the closet. He was in the way, so I just said for him to come in and finish telling me the story while I showered. I kind of grabbed his arm to move him out of the way, and he stepped off to the side so I could open the closet door. After I got the towel, I walked back to the shower and told him to come back near the shower so I could hear him while the water was running.
ME: Ok, now I think you're just teasing me. You really told him to come in where he could watch you shower?
JESS: Yes. Why, is that bad? Should I not have done that?
ME: No, it's not like that at all! I'm just blown away, baby. I know you do some outlandish shit, but usually that's because I am always suggesting stuff or encouraging you. I didn't realize you would actually take it this far without me there to push you along. I don't know what to say because I am just completely blown away by this. I am not mad at all, but I am in a state of erotic shock, or something close to it. I feel like I'm going to crawl out of my skin this has me so horny thinking about the scene.
JESS: Oh, thank God. I got nervous for a minute there. I thought you were mad that I pushed it too far. It was just fun, and he was talking about his life. In a way we have become buddies now, and our chats just feel natural that way. I know having him watch me shower is not exactly buddy type stuff but there is an excitement about him just acting normal while I am nude in front of him. I mean, he does check me out. He doesn't try to hide it anymore. He stares at my tits a lot, and I see him trying to get close looks at my pussy too. Like when I got out of the bed, I saw his eyes dart down to my bare pussy as soon as he saw I had nothing on. When I got out of the bed, I had to spread my legs some to get up, and I could see him trying to look between them to get a better look.
ME: Of course he did. I would too if I were in his shoes. I would be doing everything I could to be around you and watch you. Heck, I get to fuck you all the time and I still get excited seeing you nude, especially in the shower. I am so pressed for time this morning and I want to hear everything, but I just can't do that right now because I have a meeting I need to get to. When you get home tonight plan on stripping down, getting in bed, and playing with my dick while you tell me every single detail.
When we got home that evening, we were both on pins and needles. I picked up sushi on the way, and when I got there Jess was already home. She had changed into a white tank top and her favorite lounging shorts, a loose-fitting burgundy pair of running shorts. Of course, I could basically see her nipples through the shirt. We opened a bottle of wine and took our food into the great room to eat on the couch. Our conversation went immediately to the morning's activities.
"I still am in awe about this morning. I wanted to wait until later tonight to hear about it, but now I want to be able to watch your devious and beautiful face while you tell me about it," I told her.
"Hmm. What exactly do you want to know?" she said teasingly.
"Like I need to tell you. You are such a tease."
"Where do you want me to start? Where did we leave off?"
"You had him come into the bathroom as you got into the shower."
"He was telling me about his weekend and how he hooked up with this girl when I grabbed my towel. He was in my way, so I told him to come into the bathroom, kind of moving him out of the way. I grabbed a towel, then went back to the shower and got in. To be honest, I really couldn't hear him so I poked my head out and told him to come closer so I could hear what he was saying."
The shower in our bathroom is situated to the back of the bathroom. You can't see into the shower from the doorway or when you're standing in the sink area. The shower is one of those larger tiled open concept showers without a door or curtain. It's deep, so you can walk into the shower and the water stays contained in the shower area. It has a waterfall head from the ceiling, as well as a wand type shower head in the wall. If Mike had stayed where he was the previous time, he wouldn't have been able to see Jess in the shower due to the nature of where it is located.
"Did he come all the way down to the end where he could see you?" I asked.
"Mmm Hmm. He came to the edge of the bathtub and leaned against the wall there for a minute, but then he sat on the edge of the bathtub."
Across from the shower is a whirlpool type bathtub that has a small step and a tile area around the top of the tub. It's about 3 ft high and you can sit comfortably on the tile around the tub.
"I guess he is pretty comfortable around you nude now. That is pretty bold to just come back there and sit down for the show," I said sarcastically.
She laughed a little and said, "Well I told him to. And yes, I think he is comfortable with things by now. I mean, he has been seeing me nude, or close to nude, for a couple of weeks now. I actually thought it was funny when he sat down. I had my back to him, and when I turned around, he was sitting there."
"So, what were you doing in the shower? Were you doing anything like bending over or anything like that?" I was trying to picture in my head the entire scene and every detail.
"No, nothing like that. I got in, adjusted the water and was getting my hair wet. When I opened my eyes, he was sitting there. That's why it was funny to me. I wasn't expecting him to be sitting right there."
"Oh my god what a sight that must have been! God babe, I can just imagine you with your head back and the water powering down on you. Your chest pointed out at him, with all of your sexiness on display. I don't know how he doesn't just pull it out and stroke it right there in front of you. Was he hard? Could you tell?" I asked.
"I know it just sounds strange, but there's more of a friendship vibe, or at least it feels casual like there is an unspoken boundary or something. It's hard to explain, and I feel like he must know I'm doing this on purpose, but maybe he just thinks I'm a naturist and don't really know what I am doing to him. You know what I mean? Maybe he just thinks I am that open. But it really does turn me on. I love seeing him look at my tits or pussy. It gives me a tingle every time."
"I know you said you saw that he was hard one time. Was he hard again?" I asked her.
"He wasn't yet, or at least I couldn't tell if he was because he was sitting. Later, as I was finishing getting ready, he did have a hard on for sure. He wears these workout shorts in the morning. I think he might sleep in them, and I don't think he wears underwear with them."
"Ok, so then what? Did you wash your hair? What did you do? Paint the picture for me and describe it like I was sitting there. What would I be seeing?"
"I did wash my hair today, so that is where I started. I turned to get the shampoo and then stepped out of the water a little closer to him. We were still talking, and I started to wash my hair. He was watching me the whole time, which I really liked. Then I backed into the water and rinsed the shampoo out of my hair. I stayed facing him and tilted my head back to rinse, then I turned and faced the other way, so my back was to him to finish rinsing. I didn't bend over at all, but I did intentionally arch my back a little at him in a sexy teasing way so he probably got to see my pussy a little from behind like you always say you can when I stand like that. That is at least what I was hoping for when I was doing it."
"God I am getting hard just thinking of it," I said as I pulled my shorts over to let my hard dick pop out at her. She reached over with her foot and lightly rubbed it as she continued talking.
"You call me the pervert, but you love it when other men see my body. Look how hard it makes you!" she said teasingly.
"It's just so hot to think about. Ok, what happened next?"
"I did my conditioner next. He probably started talking about Allie at this point [the ex he just broke up with, which is why he was staying with us]. He said he'd heard that she was out partying and hanging with some guys he knows. But I just listen and put conditioner in my hair. I grabbed the luffa and started to lather up. I was getting into running the luffa over my body while he watched. After I got all soapy, I dropped the luffa and used my hands to rub the soap around. Because he was there, I intentionally washed my tits again with my hands, which I don't usually do. I do use my hands on my pussy though, because the luffa is too rough and doesn't get into the folds. So, I used my hands first on my tits, then my stomach, and then I washed my pussy with my fingers. I even reached around behind me and washed my ass crack with my hands too. I did that a few times washing my pussy and my ass which is basically how I usually do it anyway. I like to make sure its squeaky clean."
She was still using her foot to play with my dick as she was talking. This was so erotic, and such a fantasy for me. I was picturing everything she said, and it was making me a little jealous, but it turned me on so much at the same time. She poured herself some more wine and then continued.
"Then I rinsed my hair and my body. Again, I took some time to make sure my pussy and my ass crack were fully rinsed. I just ran my fingers through my pussy a little to make sure I got all the soap. I don't spread my pussy or anything like that, so I'm not sure if he got a really good look at my lips or not. But he was watching closely the whole time. I turned around and gave him an ass view again, arching my back at him as I did a final rinse of my hair. Normally I shave next, and I actually paused and thought about it, but decided that it would just be too much. So, I just turned the water off, grabbed my towel, and started to dry off. I wrapped my hair in the towel when I was done, then walked over to the sink to finish getting ready.
"Did you put lotion on like you did last time?" I asked eagerly.
"I didn't do it right away because I like to make sure I'm fully dry first. I start with my face, then I take my towel off and dry my hair and brush it out. I went to the sink and did my face stuff. He actually said that he was getting more coffee and left to get another cup. When he got back, I'd already started putting on my lotion. I did that like I always do, but I spent a little extra time on my tits, ass, and pussy. You'll like this part: As I was putting lotion on my stomach, I slid my hands down between my legs and then back up to my stomach again. This stretches my pussy upwards a little and makes my ring stick out. It makes my lips pull up, and you can make out my inner lips some. I noticed it the first time I did it and it turned me on. The second time I could see my clit poking out from my hood. I really liked the way it looked and I kind of forgot he was watching too for a second. It really turned me on because I don't think I ever really paid attention to that before, and I loved how erotic and exposed it made me feel. If he comes and hangs out again tomorrow, I think I'll do that several times very slowly. It was very sexy. You would really like that, I'll have to show you later."
"I'm just entranced by all of this, Jess. I want you to go take a shower like you did for him, and let me see exactly what he saw. I'll probably get so horny I'll just jump you, but I really want to see what he saw."
"Seriously? Right now?" she asked.
"Yes, I'm serious. You shower while I watch, and then I'm going to fuck you good. I can't take this anymore."
"Okay, but I'll just rinse my hair and pretend to wash it. I don't want to wash my hair again. It's not good for it."
We went in the bathroom, and she enacted the whole thing again for me. I kept coming up behind her, and touching her and holding her. I was lightly stroking my cock the whole time. She arched her back when she was rinsing, and as suspected she had been giving him a perfect view of her perfect pussy from behind. Then when she started with the lotion and pulled up on her stomach, causing her pussy to pull up, and it was just so erotic. It made her slit look longer, and her hood would pull back to expose her clit. It also made her ring wiggle up and down, which was erotic in itself. I came up behind her and took over spreading the lotion on her tits and pussy, and repeated what she had been doing - making her pussy pull up, but I was doing it harder and spreading her lips when I ran my fingers between her legs. She stopped me a couple of times, saying she didn't want lotion inside her pussy, to just lightly put it on the lips.
When I'd had enough of watching her hot shower scene we got into the bed and had amazing sex, talking about everything as we did. We fantasy talked about all different scenarios, such as what if he started jacking off in front of her, or if when she was naked he was naked too. Then that escalated into him taking a shower with her, and then him fucking her. In our fantasies we made him have a big cock, of course, and he bent her over the sink and fucked her until her pussy was sore. It was an amazing fuck session, and it just fueled the fire.
As luck would have it, nothing happened the next 2 mornings. Mike had gone over to his ex-fiance's house, and they ended up hooking up. He spent the next 2 nights with her so he wasn't around in the mornings. Jess said that she was bummed he wasn't there. We chatted some that morning, and I confessed to her that I wanted her to shave her pussy in front of him if the chance happened again. I also told her that I wanted her to fully show her pussy to him somehow. She said if the mood felt right, she'd figure out a way to do that.
JESS: Mike was here this morning. He filled me in on his situation with Allie. He got jealous hearing about her going out with guys and reached out to her. They hooked up and spent the last 2 days talking about getting back together.
ME: That doesn't surprise me at all. But more importantly, what else happened?
JESS: Well, not as much as a shower. I did get up and went to get coffee, but he wasn't out there. After a couple of minutes I went to get ready. I took my shower and was getting ready when I heard Mike in the kitchen. I decided I needed to get more coffee and just went out nude. He was there getting coffee for himself. I think I surprised him a little bit. He said he overslept and had come to see if I was up, but he could hear that I was in the shower, so he went to get coffee. I told him he could've said hi, it's not like it isn't something he hasn't already seen before. I told him to come tell me what was going on with Allie while I was got ready. He came in and talked to me while I finished getting dressed. I was nearly done getting ready, and we only chatted for like 10 minutes or so. So, nothing that exciting.
ME: I still find it exciting that you walked out nude. I also am turned on that you said something to him about the fact that it was nothing he hasn't already seen. That's the first time you've said something to him acknowledging your nudity.
JESS: I don't know if it was the first time, but I wanted to make him comfortable. Sorry I don't have a better story for you today. I didn't really get excited myself. It was a different vibe today. Maybe because he was back with Allie and feeling guilty or something.
ME: I doubt that was it. Probably just needed you to let him know it was okay to start back up again. Maybe tomorrow he'll bring you coffee in bed again.
The next morning was very eventful. I was traveling that day, so I wasn't at work to hear the full recap via email. We chatted a tiny bit, but she said she had a lot to share and looked forward to telling me tonight. I got home late, around 9:00 PM. Jess had already eaten and so had I. I was very eager to hear what happened, and I wanted some wine, so I grabbed a bottle and couple of glasses and went into the bedroom where Jess was watching TV. She was in bed nude waiting for me to get home. She sat up and her beautiful breasts came into view.
"Damn, what a sexy sight to come home to!" I said immediately.
"I was so horny I thought I'd play around a little. I didn't cum, but I did tease myself a lot. I'm very wet already," she said.
"Sounds like I might not have time for this glass of wine," I joked.
"We can relax and talk for a while. I want to tell you about my morning. I think you're going to be just as horny as I am after you hear about it," she said excitedly.
I quickly got out of my clothes and joined her in bed with a kiss. I poured each of us a full glass of wine, and Jess started to tell me about her morning.
"He came to the room again today before I'd gotten out of bed. He brought me coffee. I heard him out there before he'd come to the door and took my shirt off, so I'd be completely nude in bed. I didn't know if he'd come to the door or if I would need to go out there, but I wanted to be completely nude either way."
"Were you under the covers, or were you just lying there on top of the covers nude?"
"I had the covers down by my waist, so from the waist up I was exposed. When he came in, I just got out of bed right away and took the coffee from him. I really wanted him to come watch me get ready for work again. I was so horny lying in bed thinking about it that I just jumped right up when he came in. As I got out of bed, I'm sure he got a good pussy flash though. Much more than anything before."
"Oh really? What did you do?" I was fired up now. My boner was rising fast.
"I pulled the covers back but had to turn to put the coffee on the nightstand, so I swung my left leg to the edge of the bed so I could reach the nightstand. As I did that I left my other leg where it was on the bed so my legs were essentially spread pretty wide for a few seconds."
"Where was he standing? Do you think he was looking?"
"He was standing by the end of the bed, looking right at me. He gave me my coffee, then went to the end of the bed and leaned against the wall. I didn't look at him while I was getting out of bed, but he isn't shy about looking so I'm sure he looked when he saw me spread my legs."
"Wow! That is so fucking hot! He must have been beside himself. So, then you went into the bathroom?" I asked.
"Yes. He followed me to the doorway of the bathroom, still talking about Allie. I grabbed me a towel, then went back and started the shower. As the water was warming up, I grabbed my coffee and took a sip, then went to get in the shower. He was still talking and didn't come back right away, but I poked my head out and said I couldn't hear him. He came and sat on the ledge of the bathtub again, and I started washing my hair."
"Did you do the same stuff, arch your back and stuff? Bend over, or do anything new?"
"Not yet. I just washed my hair, did my conditioner, and bathed. As I rinsed, I may have arched my ass a little more than before to give him a peak, but nothing too obvious. But I did need to shave, so I grabbed my razor and some shave cream, and I started to shave under my arms."
I interrupted her at this point, "Oh my! Did you really shave your pussy in front of him?"
She reached under the covers and grabbed my hard dick. "I knew you were already hard as a rock, but be patient and I'll tell you everything the way you like, with lots of detail," she said. She continued to lightly stroke my dick as she resumed talking.
"I started to shave under my arms, but that doesn't take long, and then I moved on to my legs. When shaving my legs, I turn the waterfall off and just put on the wand, because I can get out of the water that way, and it keeps the cream from being washed off. So, I did that, and it was much more quiet while we were talking, which actually made it feel a little weird at first. I think the noise of the shower is kind of a buffer between us or something. But I did start to shave my legs.
You've seen me shave my legs. I put my foot up on the little seat [there is a stone seat that is on one side of the shower. We never used it but it's there] and then I shave each leg that way. I did my right leg first which really didn't show him anything, but when my left leg is up on the seat he can clearly see my pussy while I'm shaving. When I finished my legs, I had to decide, so I just went for it. I grabbed the cream and put some on my hand, then started to lather up my pussy while Mike watched."
"Oh, my fucking god! I cannot believe it. Were you facing him?"
"Your dick just twitched in my hand. I felt it. Maybe we should take a break from the story, and you could just put that thing in me?" she teased.
"Fuck no! Not yet, I want to hear what happened. Keep going," I insisted.
"I started by covering my pussy with the cream. I always start with my pubic mound first. I guess I shave down first, then upwards next to make sure it is really smooth. When that was done, the cream had mostly washed off so I had to apply some more below my lips. I put my foot back up on the seat to spread my legs some and give me room to work. I guess I do spread my pussy lips some when shaving, but it's not like I spread them really wide open, it's more like I pull my right side over so I can shave the left, then I pull the left to do the right. Then I pull up on my mound to stretch my slit upwards so I can get around the top and along the inner edges of my lip on each side. I shave mostly by feel so I just rub my fingers over the skin to feel for where there is stubble and then I shave that spot."
"So, you rub your fingers all over your pussy, a lot, while you are shaving?" I asked with a lewd grin.
She laughed a little, "Yeah, I guess I do. I just feel for where it's not smooth. So yeah, I do rub my fingers over my pussy quite a bit while I'm shaving," she answered with a teasing smile.
"He must have been going crazy. It's just so hard to imagine, but that must have been so hot to watch. He totally must not have been expecting that. Did anything else happen after that?"
"Yes, I asked him to feel it to make sure I didn't miss anything. He couldn't control himself, and he started fingering me wildly instead," she said, obviously joking.
"If only! Maybe not Mike, but if it had been someone else it would've been hot. But really, what happened after that?"
"I finished showering, did my lotion, and got ready just as I did before. He stayed and talked with me the whole time. I didn't really do anything else that was different than I did before, but I did take my time putting the lotion on my tits, tummy, and a little on my pussy. I went really slow when I was pulling upwards on my pubic mound and tummy like I did the other day. I was watching my pussy in the mirror and so was he. I really like the way my pussy looks when I do that. I love exposing my clit like that. I think it looks so sexy! I probably did it like 4-5 times in a row. But other than that, I just got dressed and headed off to work."
"My god babe that is just so erotic and insane. He must just go to his room and jerk off as soon as you leave. How could he not?" I said. "Does that turn you on thinking of him stroking his dick while fantasizing about you?"
"Yes. I do think about that sometimes if he fantasizes about me or if he just thinks I am crazy."
"I am sure he fantasizes about you or at least fantasizes about the situation and thinks of your nude body while he is stroking his cock," I told her.
"I am really horny now, I want to fuck," Jess said as she stood up and pealed her tank top off and dropped her shorts leaving her standing nude in front of me with that amazing pussy at eye level. I reached out and pulled her to me. She climbed on top of me and straddled me on the couch and gave me a deep kiss.
"Tell me what he was thinking while he stroked his cock," she said to me.
"He was fantasizing about licking your tits and sucking your nipples. He wanted to hold them in his hands and feel how firm they are," I told her as she slid down and knelt in front of me. She reached and grabbed the sides of my shorts and pulled them down letting my hard dick spring free. She wrapped her hand around my dick and took it into her mouth as I continued talking to her.
"He then leans in and kisses your neck as he runs his hands around your waist and takes your ass into each of his hands. He kneads your ass as he kisses your neck and works his way back to your nipples," Jess let my dick free from her mouth and climbed on top of me straddling me. She reached down and aligned my dick to her wet pussy before she slid slowly down onto me taking my full length easily.
"Does he want to fuck me?"
"Yes. You reach down and feel his cock through his shorts. His cock is hard. He is really big too the way you like. Long and fat. You reach into his shorts and take his cock out wrapping your hand around his size," she started to grind on me pushing my dick into her G spot while grinding her clit against my pelvis bone.
"He is amazed by your body and his cock is so hard because he has wanted you for so long. He reaches for your pussy allowing his fingers to slide through your wet slit. He plays with your clit and then shoves a finger into your pussy making you gasp. He wants you now, so he lifts you up and puts you on the bathroom counter. You spread your legs putting one leg up on to the counter, so your pussy is spread wide for him to see. He drops to his knees, and he puts his mouth to your lips. You moan as he takes your clit into his lips and sucks on it," Jess moaned and picked up the pace as she listened to me describe Mike's fantasy for her.
"He stands up and his big hard dick is ready for you. You want to feel him inside you, and you reach forward pulling him to you. You feel the resistance as his thick cock as it forces its way into your tight pussy, stretching you more then you are used to. You grab him by his waist pulling him into you forcing his big cock deep into your pussy until you cannot take anymore. Deep into your pussy where you like to be fucked. You love the feel of his big cock and that full feeling it gives you. The angle is perfect, and his head is grinding deep in you to your spot. You open your eyes, and you see him looking down at your body as he fucks you. Mesmerized by your body, he is in disbelief that he finally gets to fuck you. He is getting close, you can tell, and you tell him to go faster, to fuck you harder as you are almost to your orgasm as well. He fucks you harder making it hurt, thrusting his big cock deep into your tight pussy. Then his balls tighten, and he tells you that he is going to cum. This is enough to put you over the edge and your orgasm comes over your body like a tidal wave. You pull him into you deep and right as you are about to cum you feel his big cock thrust one last time bottoming out deep into you and his hot cum shoots into your pussy."
Just as I said he came into her pussy, Jess orgasmed on my dick falling into my arms. As her orgasm subsided, she felt my still hard dick twitching in her pussy and she said, "Let's go to the bedroom. I want you to fuck me with the big dildo and then I want to you feel you inside me after until you cum." She knew exactly what I wanted in that exact moment, and we went and did just that.