(Thanks to Drewau for editing. Comments and feedback always welcome and appreciated. As with most of my stories, it is advised to read the previous chapters for context.)
***
He was about to call Nicci's cell phone to let her know he was coming down, when he heard three words that kept him from pushing call. "So, what's next?"
Tom pressed his body as close to the dryer he was hiding behind as he could. He knew he should pull up his shorts, as he was right by the front door of the laundry room. But he didn't want to miss a thing. Besides, what was the likelihood that someone else would come do their laundry in the middle of the night. He ignored the fact that him, his girlfriend Nicci, and this mystery woman she was with were all here.
"Well," said Mary Ann. "There are all kinds of fun things we could do. Sadly they are limited by our current lack of toys. Otherwise I would lace up a strapon and pound you doggy style until you filled my washer with your juices."
The wild and aggressive statement caused drastic changes in both Nicci's and Tom's private parts. Mary Ann laughed. "I love shocking innocence." Nicci sighed with a mix of relief that she wasn't going to be taken so roughly, but also a little disappointment.
Nicci took a deep breath and said, "OK, then what can we do with what we have available?"
"We've eaten each other out, you seemed grossed out by the prospect of a rim job. We could 69, but that's basically the same thing as what we just did. No, I think I know what we should do. Climb up on the washer."
Nicci dutifully obeyed. Except she stood on it. Nicci laughed again and corrected her. "Sit down. I guess I should have been more specific with my instructions. But that's ok, you seem like a very obedient pet that is willing to learn."
Nicci sat down and Mary Ann climbed onto the washer with her. "OK, this is called tribbing, or scissoring." Mary Ann laced her right leg over Nicci's left, and her left leg under Nicci's right.
Nicci was a little confused by the configuration, as was Tom who was still spying from his hiding spot. The position made sense to them if one of them was a male and had a penis to insert. But how would two female ends elicit an orgasm without penetration? Nicci actually asked this.
"You'll see." Was all Mary Ann would say as she inched her pussy closer Nicci's. When they touched, the soft flesh against soft flesh, Nicci began to understand. As their pussy's touched, their clits rubbed against each other like they were eskimo kissing. This sent electricity through Nicci's body which made her instantly moan.
Tom had to bite his lip to keep from moaning himself. This was hotter than he thought it would be. He started rubbing himself again. Tom tried not to blink because he didn't want to miss a second of this.
When Mary Ann began grinding her lips into Nicci's, Nicci gasped. A few seconds later she remembered to breathe. Then she reciprocated with her own movements. The friction between their lips pushed and pulled at the tender flesh, while their clits were like tiny swords clashing together. Every hit made her pleasure and the tension in her body double.
Nicci leaned in and kissed Mary Ann fiercely. Their hands began exploring each other's bodies. Hands went to breasts, butts, faces, backs. Nicci even got so bold as to pinch and pull her new friends nipples. To which Mary Ann reciprocated.
That made Nicci cum instantly and release a pleasured scream. Tom was on the edge as well. That was when Marry Ann looked straight into his eyes and she mouthed the words cum for me. Which he did. This time his load nearly bridged the large gap between them. It ended up falling on the girls clothes on the ground.
Mary Ann came next from seeing the huge load explode from his manhood. She screamed and bucked wildly. Her pussy squirting a geyser into the air between her and Nicci. The liquid rained down on their bellies and breasts. She was screaming so loud that it was amazing she didn't wake the neighbors.
That was the moment Tom realized one thing, and decided on two other things. He realised that there were a lot of different ways to have sex. All of them extremely fun and hot. He decided that he wanted to try as many of them as possible. But even more, he decided that he wanted to bring as many of those pleasures to Nicci as he possibly could.
Tom walked up and Mary Ann watched his bobbing shaft the entire journey. She wanted so badly to lick the remnant drop of cum that was hanging onto his tip. She licked her lips from the hunger. She was slightly disappointed when he slid his hand across Nicci's stomach and then up to her breast. He kissed her neck and rubbed her back with his other hand.
This startled Nicci as she had no clue he was there. When she realised it was him, she suddenly felt naked and ashamed. He had caught her having sex with another person. Not only that, but she was having sex with a woman. She was terrified that he would hate and dump her for this betrayal. Especially since it took so much to get him to violate their strict up bringing and simply have sex with her.
But then she realized something. He was butt naked, groping, and kissing her. Was he not mad? Tom saw the worry in her eyes, and to alleviate her stress, he took her face in his hands and kissed her. All of Nicci's fears suddenly melted away and she enjoyed the kiss.
After about a minute of this, they heard Mary Ann clearing her throat. They turned and looked at her. "Don't I get some love from this mysterious hot stranger?"
Nicci and Tom looked back at each other. Tom was silently asking permission. Nicci gave a subtle consenting nod. As Tom stepped over to this new woman, Nicci said, "Mary Ann, this is my boyfriend, Tom."
Mary Ann smiled and looked him up and down salaciously. "Hi Tom, that's a nice tool you have there. Are you going to use it to fix my plumbing?"
Nicci laughed at the cheesy line. But Tom just kissed Mary Ann. If Tom thought Nicci had become sexually aggressive, this woman was on a whole other level. As soon as their lips touched, her tongue was so deep in his mouth he worried she would tickle his uvula. She also took his shaft in her hand and started playing with it.
Then she pulled a new trick and slid her hand down to cup his balls. She started rolling them around in her hand like a pair of those Chinese Baoding balls. This caused his erection to rise quickly. His tip traced a line of cum up the side of Mary Ann's leg as it rose. He decided to return the favor and slid his hand down her chest, across her stomach, until finally resting on her clit.
Tom drew circles on her clit with his middle finger, which made Mary Ann twitch and squirm. Mary Ann's hand went back to his shaft and began pumping. Tom curled his middle finger into her and began performing a curling motion. As if he were fishing for something. While he did this, he also continued to thump her clit. It quickly became too hard to breathe, so Tom broke off the kiss and licked his way down her neck.
Tom drew a wide lazy circle around her breast before bringing his face up between her tits. The circle curved again and shortened this time, so that he was slowly spiraling around towards her nipple. When his tongue grazed across the areola, Tom's hand was suddenly wet with her juices. Finally, his lips enclosed around her rock hard nipple. His tongue continuing to bat at it playfully.
Mary Ann moaned and then said, "Alright, enough foreplay. I want that thing inside me. Lie down on the ground."
Tom obeyed, and Mary Ann took Nicci's hand and led her off the washers. She kissed her as she moved her into position. "It looks like you might get your wish after all. Sit on his face with your pussy in his mouth."
Nicci followed instruction just as well as Tom, she noticed. Mary Ann straddled Tom on her knees. She tapped her clit a couple times with his penis, before slamming it home as she dropped.
That sensation never got old for Tom. He moaned into Nicci's pussy, which drove her wild. She grabbed her nipples and pulled. Tom noticed that Mary Ann wasn't as tight as Nicci, but it was still nice all the same. He grabbed Nicci's butt to help support her weight, and because he simply wanted to grab it.
Mary Ann bounced up and down like she was on a pogo stick. She was moaning loudly until Nicci caught her mouth with a kiss. The two made out and played with each others nipples as Tom pleasured them both simultaneously. Despite being beneath two women, this made Tom feel like the most powerful man in the world. He felt like a superhero, or like he had some kind of mutant power to pleasure woman.
Suddenly, Marry Ann pulled off him briefly. When she slid back on, she felt twice as tight. He wasn't sure what had changed, but it felt good. He heard Nicci release a surprised noise. He was really curious now. But before he could do anything, Nicci laid down on top of him like they were in a 69 position. The feeling of her nipples teasing his stomach was pushing him to his breaking point.
What he couldn't see, was that Mary Ann had changed positions and he was now sodomizing her. Nicci saw an opening to provide even more pleasure and took it. She was now eating Mary Ann's pussy out. It was a little difficult to keep up with the bouncing, but Mary Ann seemed to enjoy it, so she kept it up. In return, she realized her pleasure increased because her clit was now pressing into Tom's chin.
Mary Ann, who was receiving double the attention, was the first to go. She screamed and released a torrent of juices all over Nicci's face. This dominoed into Nicci's body convulsing orgasm which filled Tom's mouth with her own squirt. Then the triangle was complete when Tom grabbed Mary Ann's hips and filled her hole with his gizz.
The second Mary Ann plopped off of Tom, Nicci swallowed him, attempting to catch whatever latent cum might spill out. She realized that she was now sucking on the thing that had just been in someone's butt, but she didn't care.
Their recovery was cut short though, as Mary Ann said, "Quick someone is coming." They all jumped up and ran to the back of the laundry room. They hid behind the line of tall washer dryer combos. Mary Ann was deeper in the corner, but Tom and Nicci were forced to double up right on the edge of visibility. Their bodies were tightly pressed against each other, their faces cheek to cheek.
Tom peeked around the corner as he saw a cute young woman about their age come bouncing in. She had long brown hair, was very slim, and had the perkiest of nipples. He couldn't see them directly, but the white midriff shirt she was wearing left little to the imagination with her pokies. She was also wearing cut off jean shorts that would have made Daisy Duke blush. Finally, she was wearing a pair of over ear headphones that were blasting music so loud that Tom could hear them from where he was.
The woman dropped her laundry basket on the ground and opened the lid of a nearby washer. She wiggled her butt to the music as she bent over and grabbed some clothes to throw in the washer. Every time she bent over, her butt made Tom grow a little more. It was almost like her body was the handle on a car jack, and Nicci was the car that was about to be lifted.
Nicci noticed his erection immediately. She turned and peeked around the corner. Then she whispered, "Oh, I get it. She is hot."
This admission from his girlfriend made Tom so hot that he needed relief. He attempted to slide himself in, but because of the width of their hiding spot, Nicci had to keep her legs close together. "Wait, I have an idea." She whispered.
When the girl wasn't looking, Nicci pushed Tom out of the hiding spot just enough so that she could raise her right leg and rest the calf on Tom's chest. Tom slid back into the hiding spot and into Nicci.
Both Tom and Mary Ann were stunned as Nicci was now doing the standing splits with Tom inside her. She saw the expressions. "Look, ten years of gymnastics paid off."
"I'll say." Tom agreed.
"We are definitely going to have fun with this later." Mary Ann joked.
"I would like to have fun with it right now." Nicci said, insinuating that Tom should start. Which he promptly did.
"Well, I'm not getting left out of this." Mary Ann said as she turned Nicci's face to the right and kissed her passionately while fingering herself.
That left Tom with little to do with his face, so he kept watching the cute coed wiggling her butt. Which she did with joyous splendor. After she loaded and started the washer, she began dancing around the laundry room. Her long toned and tan legs were perfect, her butt was nearly as sexy as Nicci's, and her small breasts still had a nice jiggle and bounce to them.
The girl began to sing along to some extremely vulgar and sexy lyrics. Hearing such language come out of such a beautiful girl, especially with a voice as nice as hers, made Tom pound into Nicci even harder.
It was a good thing the girl had her headphones on, because the metal that Nicci's back was up against was starting to bang and rattle with every hump. Nicci seemed to be enjoying the roughness because she was now screaming as loudly as Mary Ann had earlier. Tom was grunting like a frenzied animal in response and kissing her neck.
When he came he pushed so hard and deep with every pulse of his ejaculation, that Nicci's feet kept coming off the ground. That pushed Nicci over the edge so hard that her toes curled and her eyes rolled back into her head. When Mary Ann came, her knees finally gave out and she slid down the wall behind her.
"I've got to see who this hot chick is that inspired that." Mary Ann whispered as she scooted around them to peek at the girl. "Oh yeah. That's Jenny. She lives across the breezeway from me. I see her dancing in her underwear in front of her window all the time. I keep trying to nail her, but she keeps saying she isn't into women."
No one said anything, but all three made a silent promise to try and get her into their new sexy fold. A few minutes later, Jenny disappeared, dancing her way back to her apartment.
"Want to come back to my place and have some more fun?" Mary Ann offered.
"I would love to, but I have class early in the morning and I really need to get some more sleep." Nicci said.
"I would, but I just came about five times in the last hour. I don't think I have anything else in the chamber. But we're in Apt 101, if you ever wanted to come by."
"I'll absolutely take you up on that." Mary Ann said before giving first Tom, and then Nicci a passionate kiss goodbye.
Mary Ann walked out the door butt naked, which challenged Tom and Nicci to do the same. By the time they got back to their apartment Tom was rock solid again, and Nicci had juices streaming down her legs.
Tom looked down and said, "It looks like I have something left after all."
Tom pressed Nicci to the outside door of their apartment and began kissing her. He pinned her arms to the door above her head and screwed her for all the world to see. That is if it hadn't been nearly midnight and no one was around.
To be continued.