Pushing Gavin Reese beneath a stream of hot water Isabella Alcadore offers a beguiling smile. Entering the shower with him she faces and molds her body directly up to his. Reaching for soap she lathers a wash cloth and begins bathing him. He admired her goddess like features. Her long curly hair frosted blond over black with tones of red entering the fray. It certainly gave her an exotic character. Large breasts with tight little nipples taunted his gaze as he observed her scrubbing his chest and abdomen.
"Always invite your new neighbors in and shower with them?"
"I have never had a male neighbor." She smiles with a thick accent, "You would be my first Poppy."
"Poppy? Isn't that a little cliché these days?"
"I do not understand. You do not find me pleasing?"
"Ummmm!" He points at his masterful erection, "That should tell you just the opposite."
"You have a mucho big cock." She flirts with her eyes.
He nods at the truth, "You have mucho big titties." Her chest was at least a 40C. For a thin beauty they were almost too large. Not that her body was anything but perfection. Her ass heart shaped and fluffy in the cheeks for substance. Definitely a great twerking bottom.
"You like?" She uses her arms to crush her breasts together allowing water to build up between them as if a cup. He winks at her and burrows his face in to take a drink. She giggles at his beard stubble tickling her flesh. Lowering her arms she parts her tits then smothers his face with them. Her scent was incredible.
"That I do." He pulls away slowly and towers over her again. Glaring up at him she takes her wash clothe and soaps it up again before cleaning his cock and balls. The sensations of her attentiveness made his dick turn purple it was so hard. All while her eyes look up at him with a desire to be pleasing, "Clean that really good." He prompts. In response she kneels and faces his cock in all of its grandeur. Taking the rag out of the equation she soaps her hands up and begins stroking his cock in both directions utilizing both of her hands. The tenderness was incredible. One soapy hand moves lower to palm his balls as the other hand lifts his cock straight up toward Gavin's eye contact. Still her hands delicately cleansed his essentials. The cascading water taking her curls away led to him stroking her hair back lovingly.
"You are Senor Gavin?"
"No I'm his brother." He lies to see her reaction. She pauses her active hands.
"I hear through the walls you talk to Naomi." She speaks, "You are Gavin I know. See you through peep hole. Very handsome you are."
"Peeping Tom huh? You're pretty fucking sexy yourself. Colombian right?"
"Si. Very beautiful women in Colombia. I move here to be free. Not so good Muchachos in Colombia. Want me to be their slave. I run to America."
"Legally I hope."
"I have green card."
"Good to know. I'm a little confused. Naomi said you were a pornstar on webcam. Chaturbate I think it was. You're still a slave to guys watching you right?"
"It pays very well. I like teasing."
"I can see that. You haven't stopped stroking my cock since I got here."
"You wish me to stop?"
"Nope. I wish you to keep doing that until I cum on that beautiful face of yours."
She smiles vibrantly, "I hoping you would say that."
"Hoping I fuck that pussy too?"
"Oh yes. I want that very much."
"What makes you think I wouldn't want you to be my slave here in America?"
"There is difference. In Colombia they would use me for many, many men. To say no I would be severely punished."
"Don't like being gangbanged huh?"
"I did not say that." She shyly smiles still nurturing his beast with soft hands.
"So you're saying they would force you to be gangbanged by dozens of guys that would rough you up?"
"More than docena. Ceintos. Hundreds."
"Damn."
"Si. I like sex but do not like being hurt."
"Understandable. You don't have a man?"
"No. I choose to be alone. It is safer on camera. I give them what they want I no get hurt."
"How did you get out of Colombia?"
"Very rich man bring me here. Get me green card. Pay my rent. I his Mistress."
"Wow! So in a way you do have a man."
"He not visit often. Married."
"Ah. He must be important."
"I do not ask. He nice to me. You be nice to me?"
"Most days. Suck that dick while you're down there."
With a sudden thrill in her eyes she wraps her lips around his crown and swirls her tongue around his urethra. Seconds later she inches his ten inch beast down her throat. Back and forth she swallows him before popping away for breath long enough to lift his dick and suckle his balls. Tugging and licking them before molding her tongue along his foreskin and easing back toward his crown. Once again she devours his beast a good six inches. Her eyes were like a doe in heat. She definitely liked pleasing a man. She was fucking beautiful.
Five minutes of succulent torture he cums in her mouth. Without removing his cock she swallows every drop before delicately easing away, her tongue tickling his foreskin until she kissed his crown with a pucker. Once out she rolls both cheeks along his girth with an expressionless eye contact that refused to blink.
"That was by far the best blowjob I've ever had."
"I am glad you like."
"Get up here." He lifts her by her biceps and pins her back to the shower wall. Kissing her long and hard under the waters spray. The brownstone certainly had a good water heater. Her lips soft and full offered a pleasurable tenderness. Moving south his kisses swept her neckline forcing her to move her fingers up to his scalp and toy amid his hair. His hunger crept lower to her breasts suckling one nipple after the other. She moaned and whispered words in Spanish that not even he understood. He sensed they were all good. In a mad rush he lifts her up by her hips and pinpoints his dick for penetration. She reacts with an almost succulent frenzy as six inches rip past her G-spot time and time again. Their rhythm was totally in synch.
"Te quiero tanto. Cogeme, Papi." She whimpers loudly.
"English."
"I want you so bad. Fuck me Daddy."
"Not your Daddy. Call me Master."
"Un Maestro." She holds him tightly as he fucks her cunt harder. Every inch buries deep up inside her. She took him all the way.
"That's right. Maestro. God your pussy feels good around my cock."
"Dar me que grande duro el gallo."
"English dammit."
"Give me that big hard cock."
"Si how hard that was Bitch?"
She moans loudly just before cumming all over his cock. He didn't let up even as the water grew cold. Harder. Deeper. Isabella Alcadore screamed bloody murder as she came again. Finally, Gavin reaches over and shuts the water off. Dripping wet he carries her out of the shower stall and through the bathroom. Opening the door he barges them out into the apartment in search of her bedroom. Finding it he hurls them both on to her mattress and pounds her missionary. Legs wrapped around his waist. Not once in their travels did his cock vacate her pussy.
Sprawling her out he removes her legs and grips her ankles prying her wide so that he could rear up on his knees and watch his own penetration. His girth so thick each exit peeled her pink interior out with him. It was incredible. She thought so too. Her mind reeling she felt every single movement her body made. Isabella couldn't stop having orgasms. Slowing up Gavin looks around him. He spots her computer and grins.
"Let's put on a show for your fans."
"You would do this?"
"Yep. Fire up your computer and do what you need to."
She smiles brightly, "I will need my body back."
"Reckon so." He pulls out of her with a trail of sticky leftovers. Feeling her legs again she rolls from under him and goes about entering the website she performed in daily. From there she reaches for her vibrating insertion device and guides it into her ass. She wags her butt at Gavin still on his knees sporting his ten inch hammer. As viewers enter the chatroom she types the necessary greetings that lead into guys complimenting her stellar body. She introduces Gavin as Maestro and refers to him as magnifico waving her right hand as if excited by his offer to join in on a session. For awhile now her favorites had been coaxing her to get a partner. Here he was. As guys send her token after token vibrations circulate through her embedded device forcing her to moan and tremble. At first the tokens were slim. Gavin eying her and the function of the site knew what was needed.
"Get your ass back in this bed."
She swiftly rejoins him and he moves in to fuck her doggy style. At first from the side profile with him tugging at her wet hair yanking her head back, leading to him slapping her ass. She loved his every assertion. Maestro indeed. With each thrust into her soaked pussy the device buzzed. Tokens were escalating in numbers causing the rubbery device to rock her to her core. Volume up she becomes loud in her symphony of moans. He turns her to face the camera and pounds her from behind. Forcing her face into the mattress she cries out with mounting pleasure. Now with his aggressiveness guys were pinging her vibrator with all the tokens they could muster. Non stop between vibration and deep hard thrusts she squirts all over her bed. Roughly he pulls out of her and rolls her on to her back. Grabbing her ankles he lifts her legs over her shoulders. Her breasts crushing together as she cranes her neck. Head over the side of her mattress she offers her audience expressions of sheer ecstasy. Moving up over her he reaches the perfect angle to let her viewers see his cock stab straight down into her cunt. In and out they could see her pink membranes follow his girth. It was mesmerizing and effective. One of her hands pull at her hair, while the other hands nails tug at her lower lip. Her eyes roll back just as another gusher froths upward around his cock for a devastating shriek. Her ass was vibrating up a storm.
Pulling out of her before he could cum again he crawls over her waist and titty fucks her letting guys see his crown peeking out of her compressed mounds. All while he pinched her nipples. Isabella continued to lose her mind. In another bold repositioning he crawls off and tosses her on to her belly again like a ragdoll. Plucking her vibrator from her ass he encourages it up inside her gaping pussy. He then lines his beast up to her ass and spits on it. Lubricated by his spit and her cum he guides it down into her anal cavity. Prying her cheeks wide he lets her onlookers witness his penetration in and out slowly at first. Her face hidden she digs her nails into her covers ruffling them up. Her erratic moans proved one thing. Gavin Reese knew what he was doing. Echoing moans at a constant feed of vibrations she finally lifts her face to offer a look of utter disbelief at how he was destroying her holes. With each ping heard Gavin nodded and fed her harder. Reaching his peak he pulls out of her ass and jerks his cock until her asshole is filled with cream. Slapping her ass hard he crawls away from her and goes to get dressed.
"On your own Izzy. I'm going to bed. Job hunting in the morning."
She collapses masking her face by her pillow allowing only her eyes to be seen. She fans both hands beside her and mumbles, " Dios mío, creo que estoy enamorado." She was in love.
Reaching his apartment Gavin entered carrying his boots and shirt, tossing them on the floor beside the door. Locking up he heads to his recliner and kicks back. Out like a light.
With no current alarm clock present to wake him he hears a vacuum cleaner in the hallway. Groggy he lowers the foot rest on his recliner and hoists himself to his feet staggering to the door. Peering out his privacy hole on the door he notes a black woman with long curly hair extensions wearing tight white shorts that barely hid her ass cheeks and a silky parasol style shirt that thin spaghetti straps held up. Her chest large and jiggling as she pushed the vacuum.
"Must be that Regina." Opening the door he leans an elbow high on the door jam, palm on his head. Wincing at the daylight coming through a hallway window he stands there with his eyes closed until the vacuum cuts off. Remaining immobile until he hears a voice before he drops his arm to his chest scratching it.
"Did I wake you?"
"Something like that." He fidgets, "What time is it?"
"9:30. New neighbor I'm guessing." She unplugs the vacuum cord and bends forward winding it up. Her breasts dangling dangerously low in her loose fitting blouse she looks up at him, "Up late?"
"Yup."
"Unpacking?"
"Unloading more like." He grimaces thinking of all the times he had shot his load yesterday between Naomi and Isabella.
"Ah. You look like you could use some black coffee."
"Thanks for the offer but I'll pass. Not that you're hotness ain't appealing."
She stands up straight and cocks an eye brow high, "Not that kind of black coffee. I'm talking ground coffee in a cup."
"Plenty of Colombian already. Loaned her the creamer."
"Isabella? You move fast."
"Other way around. Regina right? Naomi filled me in on the other tenants."
"Token black tenant. That's me. I'm afraid I haven't been informed of you yet."
Saluting her he sighs, "Gavin. Call me Gnarly."
"Nice to meet you Gnarly. Sorry to wrap this up but I need to get moving. Fitness trainer and I have a client. Let's grab that coffee sometime. The brew not the screw."
"Sounds like two cups raised."
She grins sheepishly and palms her tits lifting them, "Yeah I forgot my bra."
"Hadn't noticed." He winces, "Yeah I noticed."
"You look pretty fit yourself Gnarly. Work out?"
"Some. Did a lot of construction and stuff back in Iowa."
"Bailing hay?"
"Naaa! Bailing friends out."
"Funny man. You take care Gnarly. Be seeing you."
"Maybe in the basement fitness area. Might hit the cardio before I go job hunting." Not really.
"What type of work are you looking for?"
"Ideally I'd be in a band but until then I'd settle for anything that pays the bills."
"I'll loan you the morning paper." She heads to her apartment beside Isabella's and returns with the Tribune. He accepts it and nods watching her push the vacuum back into her apartment. She definitely had one tight ass.
"Appreciate it."
Waving she shuts her door. Heading back into his own apartment he plops back into his recliner and snoozes another hour.
11:25 AM
Freshly showered Gavin Reese slaps some cologne on and dresses for success. He only had two dress shirts to his name to choose from. One needed washed the other a pale blue colored button down left few options. A black tie with a gold tie pin accented the shirt. Black dress pants and shiny black dress shoes finished off his attire. Hair slicked back with a ponytail made him look presentable. Dark shades atop his head he stepped out into the hall. Taking the stairs with zest he hits the ground level just as the beautiful Landlady Naomi Carpenter steps up from the basement staircase with a laundry basket in hand. She was wearing frosty blue jean shorts and a T-shirt promoting her love for the band In This Moment.
"My don't you look all professional. You clean up nicely Gavin Reese."
"Mornin' Easy."
"You left me last night."
"You fell asleep. I wasn't carrying you to bed."
"I noticed that. Afraid to share another couch with me?" She snickers.
"I just felt like being alone in my new place. Long day."
"You're telling me. Without going into detail I'm only going to bring our...moving day up once. You certainly gave me a bit of clarity as to what I've been missing in my life. Thank you Gavin."
"Plenty more clarity coming your way Easy. I'm gonna hit a few places looking for work. leave me a key and a list for what you need done on the third floor apartments. I'll do what I can later until it requires buying what's needed."
"I can do that. I cashed your rent check earlier so when you're ready we can shop for a bed and a new sofa."
"We'll see how the next few days go. I need a fulltime job before I worry about the small things. Thanks Easy. See you in a few hours."
"Looking forward to it."
"Oh! Before I forget can I borrow some detergent? I need to do a load of laundry. My last clean set of clothes." He waves a hand over his duds.
"Worry about those small things you said...go."
With a wink he was out the back door and into the parking area. Climbing into his Jeep he fires it up and starts to back out when another vehicle pulled in. A drop dead gorgeous blond with big blue eyes and a Chicago Cubs ballcap pulled her dark red Honda CR-V in the space beside his. He backed out the rest of the way reading her license plate. Her plate said UBERGRL. That easily tipped him off as to her identity.
"You must be Crystal." He leers out his window as she departs her SUV.
She wore a Cub jersey and white leggings. Stopping at his recognition she walks over to his idling Jeep, her large breasts bobbing about freely. In his mind he questioned the fact that not one of the ladies he'd met thus far wore bras. Not that he considered that bad. Not at all.
"I am. Do you live here?"
"As of yesterday. Name's Gavin Reese but call me Gnarly."
"Crystal Balou." She extends a hand with blue painted nails. "I know it sounds like Crystal Blue. Like my eyes." She grins, "Just call me Blue. Where are you off to Gnarly man?" She reminded him of Jennifer Lawrence which was a good thing.
"Job hunting." Then something dawned on him. "Naomi said you were a bartender at a place called Barbarians. They doing any hiring? Bouncers? Entertainment?"
"You a male stripper?" She flirts admiring his physique.
"If money gets tight that might be an option." He chuckles. "I play guitar. Metal mostly but I can cover the classics."
"I'll ask later when I go in. Miles might be looking for help. He did just fire a Bouncer for stalking a waitress. If you could see this girl you would understand why guys get stupid." She laughs.
"Appreciate the tip Miss Crys." He winks and lowers his shades over his eyes.
"Anytime. I'm upstairs in 2D. Not 3D."
He taps his sunglasses. "Too bad these are 3D glasses. Be seeing you up close soon."
Fanning herself she nods before sticking her chest toward him. "Those make you jump?"
"I wouldn't say jump. Twitch a bit." He nods grinning and pulls away. She exhaled loudly and waved goodbye.
"That man is getting into a batting cage with muah." The Cubs fan headed inside the brownstone.
Using his GPS Gavin drove across the city checking out the business district. He knew he really didn't want a job in construction these days. The wear and tear on his guitar fingers kept him from playing some days. That was not going to keep him away from his dream. He was going to be on stage rocking with the best of them. At age 28 he knew his time was limited as it was. Having been in a number of smaller scale bands back in Iowa doing the local bars and private parties he knew he had potential. Not too mention girls loved him. Hell he had fucked two women from his new apartment in less than 24 hours, his Landlady being the first. Meeting two more that sized him up for future flirtations he was on a roll. Lord knows how the other ladies in his Brownstone would react to him. So far Chicago was looking good.
His first target job was a vintage record store called Pinky Floyd's. Finding a parking spot was a nightmare. Even worse the lots were expensive as hell. Having no choice he succumbs to a $15 and hour parking lot ran by a Hindi male at a gatehouse. This was far from any high rise district so the lots were only ground level. Finding a spot he puts the canvas top and windows back on his Jeep to keep people from stealing what little there was that he owned. Namely a decent stereo and speakers. Locking up he makes his way down two blocks to the record store. Entering he finds a mixed crowd of elder men, younger women, and wannabe rockers. Interesting group he stopped at the door to observe. Behind the counter was a sixty something old man, bald on top with a ring of grey hair around the sides and back, along with a pure white goatee. Medium build he wore a Moody Blues t-shirt. While Gavin primarily was interested in alternative and metal music, his Dad and Grandfather instilled a love for the classic rock scene as well. He cut his teeth on guitar learning Smoke on the Water by Deep Purple. He knew his genre.
Browsing a bit first to define atmosphere he sifts through a bin of old records. 80's hair bands like Motley Crue, Dokken, Bon Jovi, etc. Toward the back of the store he spotted a girl he guessed to be in her early 20's wearing black leather rocker pants and ankle high boots with silver straps along the sides. Her shirt resembled a sheer white ensemble with a cut off black tank beneath it. A young male customer was looking up as she stood on a ladder stretching to tack up some posters of Judas Priest. Narrowing his eyes he wondered what her youthful stalker was studying. He had his suspicions. A casual stroll confirmed his intuition. As the lad took off the second Gavin got close he peered up at her to see a braless set of enormous tits bobbing as she arched to pin the posters to the wall. Pins held within her lips plucking them as needed. Glancing down at him the blond with blue streaks in her hair winks while removing the pins to speak.
"Hey Handsome. Looking for anything in particular?"
"Checking things out."
"So was that punk before you scared him off." She jiggles her tits offering him a lively undercarriage show. He merely smirks before sighing.
"Rock on."
"Always. You're a big boy."
"Just hit town. Looking to hook up with some potential band mates. In the meantime a job would be helpful."
"Ohhh! You saw our help wanted ad."
"Yup. You the manager?"
She points to the counter, "That would be Grampa."
"I'm surprised the job hasn't been filled."
"Grampa is really picky. He knows a thief when he sees one. A lot of job hunters don't know their music either. I bet you do." She grins sheepishly.
"Know a fair share. My name's Gavin but you can call me Gnarly."
"Cool nickname. I'm Floyd."
"Seriously?" He winces up at her shocked by the male name.
"Just kidding! Grampa's the Floyd, I'm the Pinky. My real name is Priscilla. Now you know why I go by Pinky."
"Pleasure's mine Pinky."
"Not yet. Let's see if you can tackle Grampa." She shifts on her ladder and poses a finger, "You ready?"
"For what?"
Feigning a loss of balance she falls backwards squealing after tossing her tacks. Gavin swiftly lunges forward and catches her in his arms. Landing with a beguiling smile she places an arm around his muscular shoulders while tugging her cut off tank back over her exposed right breast. She made sure he at least caught a glimpse of it. Sadly the boy who had been staring at her captured a nice nipple slip as well. She played it off as if it didn't matter.
"My hero."
"Guitar hero at that." He chuckles. Seeing her fall Floyd Ware bolts from the counter just as Gavin stands her up. She pats his chest and flutters his tie.
"Thanks for being there." She smiles as Floyd sizes up her savior.
"You okay Pinky?"
"Fine Grampa. Captain America here just saved me a trip to the ER."
"Much appreciated friend." Floyd nods.
"Glad I was right behind her." Gavin nods with a quirky expression, "Probably not the best time but I noticed your job posting in the paper. Still looking?"
"Maybe." Floyd stares at his expression. Luckily Gavin had a true poker face.
"Got any qualifications other than Knight in shining armor?" She questions joining Floyd by placing her arm around his.
"I know my music. Lead guitar in a few bands. Some vocals but I'll be honest All Three Dogs barked most of the Night at my voice." He chuckles.
"Three Dog Night fan?" Floyd grills him.
"One is the loneliest number." He smirks.
"That's one. Name more songs."
Gavin sighs recalling his Grandfather's records, "Joy to the World. Mama told me not to come."
"I'm glad you didn't listen to her." Pinky giggles.
"That's a song Pinky." Floyd rolls his eyes.
She pats his shoulder, "I know old man. I'm just being silly."
Floyd continued his interrogation. "Name original members of the band."
"Gonna be honest and say I don't know that one." Gavin fidgets.
"Hutton and Allsup." Pinky belts out, "All I know too Gramps."
"Long haired hippy type." Gramps scowls at Gavin, "So you play guitar. Any good?"
"I can bring you a demo of my old bands. 80's rock and more current metal."
"Metallica?" She wonders.
"Yes indeed. Megadeth. New bands like Godsmack, Disturbed. Rob Zombie. I can cover about 500 songs. 60 or so are classic rock."
"Impressive." Pinky puckers her lower lip, "I'm in an all girl rock band."
Gavin looks at her with a bit of doubt until she drags her cell from her back pocket to show him pictures. She looked the part certainly. Floyd grins from ear to ear with pride. Sensing Gavin's thoughts on her Floyd switches to a low grumble.
"The boy doesn't believe a girl can rock."
"Whoa! That's not true Floyd." Gavin grows defensive, "She just sprung that on me is all."
"Lead singer. My band's called Milkbone."
"Why Milkbone?" He snickers.
"Think about it Bad Boy."
"I don't need to, just wanted to hear it from your mouth."
"Hard to wrap your mouth around it is it Gnarly?" She winks.
"No comment Pinky. I'll respect your Grampa."
Floyd hisses loudly, "Fuck that Ponytail Boy. Milkbone means blowjob. I'm old not dead."
The three of them laugh in unison. Once the chuckles end Floyd scowls, "Keep your mitts off my Granddaughter and I'll give you a chance. Part time. 24 hours a week. Take it or leave it."
"Grampa be nice." Pinky frowns at his behavior.
"All good Pinky." Gnarly puts a palm up to relax her offense, "It's better than nothing and it gives me time to look for some venues to play in."
"I might be able to help you with that. I know quite a few local bands."
"I guess catching your fall was a good thing."
"Be sure to be in the audience next time I stage dive then." She grins devilishly.
"You been in trouble with the law?" Floyd feels Gavin out for character.
"Not since High School. Stupid kid stuff. Streaking at a party. Minor offenses really."
Pinky stares at his crotch, "Wish I'd been there to see that."
Floyd quickly scolds her. "Knock it off Priscilla. I don't need a sexual harassment charge in our store."
"No worries. I can hang with the Three Big Dogs, remember?" Gavin smirks.
"Uh huh! Keep your paws off my Priscilla." Floyd turns around to walk off. Immediately Pinky rushes toward Gavin and takes his hands raising them up under her shirt to squeeze both of her tits. The stalker nearly knocked over a spindle of records trying to get a peek. Gavin poised an eyebrow at her mischievous demeanor.
"I saw that." Floyd groans, "It's called mirrors."
Pinky backed off laughing, "Sorry I couldn't resist getting his blood pressure up. You've still got the job even though you fondled the ladies."
"Technically you made me fondle the ladies."
"That's ok. Here I'll get even." She reaches low and grabs his dick through his pants. Looking down at her hand he sighs.
"Throwing a Milkbone at the Three Dogs?"
"You Sir are no dog."
"When do I start?"
"Come back Monday morning. $12.00 an hour. No benefits." Floyd yells from behind the counter. "Dress like you work at a music store. Not at a bank."
"Unless it's a sperm bank." Pinky whispers wagging her tongue his direction. Shaking his head Gavin points at Pinky.
"Slow it down."
"Sorry." She puts her hands in her back pockets and stares at him without blinking. Bobbing breasts due to lifting up and down on her toes. She had some gorgeous hazel eyes.
"Don't be sorry Pinky."
"Girlfriend? No wedding band but that doesn't mean you don't have a girlfriend."
"Nope. Not looking for one either. I like the single life."
"Awesome. Plaything it is. See you on Monday Gnarly."
Shaking his head he abandons her. Looking over at her young stalker he makes a blown mind expression and acts like he's still holding Pinky's tits. The younger man grins and nods his affirmation. He couldn't agree more. Pinky Ware alias Pinky Sware was definitely smoking hot. Her middle name was Sue.
Passing the counter Gavin takes the time to stop and backtrack in order to face Floyd. Extending a hand he offers his gratitude. Floyd merely looks at his hand.
"After you had my granddaughter's bare breasts in those mitts? Buy some sanitizer before you come back on Monday."
Gavin puckers and turns away, "Thanks again Floyd." He hadn't even acknowledged the three other women in the store shopping that were checking him out. Nor the guys impressed with his swagger. Pinky had to brag to them about Gavin's hands. Pinky was a nympho. Floyd? He was all business.
Paying his parking Gnarly realized just how expensive it would be on a daily basis. Calculating in his head the weekly expense he concluded, "Working for nothing but parking and gas money." He knew Floyd was too cheap to pay for that aspect. He would just tell him Mass Transit. Disgruntled by the thought he nearly rejected the idea of showing up on Monday. There were two things keeping him from doing that. One being, Pinky knew the metal scene in Chicago. Potential connections could be made. The second, Pinky's breasts were damn nice. He could see titty fucking her some time. Knowing her vibe already that would probably be on Monday. The consideration made him grin. He was liking Chicago. No shortage of Honeys in the city that was for certain.
Surviving downtown traffic he headed for the burbs for his next job destination. He wanted options. Even if it meant working three jobs to keep the bills paid he would do so. There was no way that he would ever call his parents and ask them for a loan. Pride meant everything to the man. Gavin Reese was not a mooch.
GPS getting him slightly turned around he finally found his target. A liquor store needed a stock boy. He liked booze so it made sense. The liquor store rested directly between two other outlets. One a used Guitar store called Second String, the other a Tattoo Parlor known as Flesh Start. He had to chuckle at the parlor name.
Jamming to Bullet for my Valentine as he pulled in facing the sidewalk his arrival caught the eye of two of the Tattoo artists. Both were smoking cigarettes outside as per the law. One a bald man with full sleeves of artwork wearing a Slayer T-shirt. He had a goatee and gauged earlobes. Beside him a hot young raven haired beauty that could have been a teenaged Joan Jett. Blue feather tip extensions in her hair. Wearing a white wife beater to show off her own tattoos covering her upper chest, both shoulders and her entire spine. Every single tattoo was of a flock of bluebirds resting on thin tree branches. The left temple of her face had a tiny bluebird as well. Her pants were intentionally cut black leggings. Knees and upper thighs only. Bangles and a nose piercing blinged her out. Those visible that is. Sitting in his Jeep until the song My Betrayal ended he watched the man flick his cigarette out into the lot. Song over Gavin steps from his Jeep and locks it with a key remote.
"British rock fan?" The man struck up conversation.
"Pretty much all metal. British. Danish like Volbeat. You name it." Gavin halted to lean on the front of his vehicles grill to be sociable.
"Nice. You look like you could be a rocker. Except for one thing."
"Tattoos?" Gavin guessed knowing full well the guy was looking for business.
The woman decided to take a stroll in between them her eyes definitely checking Gavin out. Moving to the lot the men watch her bend over to pick up the man's discarded cigarette butt. That was not the butt that drew their attention though. Her extra tight behind tugged tight between her legs and exposed the upper formation of her butt crack. A tiny bluebird rested right at the tip top of her crack as if a calling card. Lingering for only a second she stands up and turns, flicking the cashed butt back at the man she gets feisty.
"Keep America beautiful asshole. Use your Coke can or get an ashtray."
"Fuck you Mavis."
"You've hit it already. Wasn't that great. Keep your ink in your gun Hawke." She shook her head. Gavin eyed her chest. Her nipples were poking out hard and it was easy to tell they were pierced with little bars. She notes his eyes and caresses her right nipple. "Perches for my birdy's."
"I reckon you like birds."
"I do. So, no tattoos?" She looks him over better.
"Nope. Made a promise to my Grandma not to ruin a perfectly good bod."
"Damn shame Bro." Hawke enters the conversation, "You'd look killer with some sleeves on those arms. Might make you look like a Rockstar."
"On my way there without a tat." Gavin chuckles.
"You play?" Mavis grew curious.
"Forward aren't you?"
"An instrument Dickhead." She smirks shaking her head.
"Just being charming." Gavin flirts, "Grandma has five tats. I was joshing you. Grew up a farm boy. I guess I was never in any hurry to needle up." He pauses to look toward the guitar store. It was calling out to him. Eying the Help Wanted sign in the liquor store window weighed him down. Priority he told himself.
"You get brave you look me up...?" Mavis was fishing for a name.
"Gnarly. Not the expression that's my nickname. Plenty of balls I'm just in no hurry. Besides..."He points out the job sign in the liquor store window, "Need a job to pay for a tat. I'll keep you in mind, Mavis was it?"
"Yep. Mavis Flye. Nice to meet you ballsy Gnarly."
"Anyone ever call you Mayfly?"
"Only my Gramps. You really are a farm boy. How can you be a Rocker? Shouldn't you be playing Travis Tritt or something?"
"I respect ole Travis just as much but I'm bleeding metal. Never needed a scarecrow on the farm. Just kicked my amp up and shook the corn fields. Crows went flying."
"So you do play."
"Guitar."
"Lead or bass?" She narrows her eyes.
"Lead. Own an Ibanez and a Fender Stratocaster. My Dad's old Gibson Les Paul."
"Any good?"
"Been in a few bands in my day."
"Doesn't mean you're good." She scowls moving over to put her cigarette butt out in her own Pepsi can.
Gavin gives another glance toward the guitar store. He couldn't resist. "Let's go find out."
Curiosity consumes Mavis, "Man the shop."
"Always do." Hawke lights another cigarette. He was in no hurry to go finish drawing a tattoo sketch for a client. Business was really slow today anyway.
Gavin opens the door to Second String and plays the gentleman for Mavis. She rejects his offer and motions him in, telling him, "So Lead." Nodding Gavin took the hint. In they went. Only one man worked there, a middle aged man with a deep bronze tan, dark hair with a short ponytail. He wore a shirt promoting Chicago Open Air Rock Festival 2018.
"Afternoon Mavis."
"Sup Franky? Hook my friend here up with a practice run. He thinks he's Eddie Van Halen."
"Never said that." Gavin shakes his head.
Franky Ferret, true name Franklin Ferretino moved from his seat behind a glass counter to follow them around. He lingered behind Mavis checking out her heart shaped bottom.
"Not here for your drum solo Franky. Eyes on the Vai's."
Gavin loved her sense of humor in such a droll manner.
"Good choice Mavis." Franky reaches out to procure a white guitar poising it for Gavin. "Ibanez JEM7V. Stevie's favorite."
Claiming it Gavin studies it for beauty. Mavis continued shaking her head, "You gonna hook it up or propose to it?"
"Amp's over here." Franky motions them to follow toward the back of the store. Plugging him in Gavin tunes it to his satisfaction. Picks were attached to the guitar for usage. A few awkward chords just to make it appear he was a novice Gavin cut loose with his rendition of Back In Black from AC/DC. Finally Mavis places a hand over the strings stopping his performance.
"Everyone learns to play that. Show me the shit Gnarly."
Grinning he brushes her hand aside and drives into the best solo of The Bleeding from Five Finger Death Punch. That impressed her more. Switching mid stream he covers Powerslave from Iron Maiden. Ending it with Slayer's Seasons in the Abyss."
Lost in his playing he hadn't noticed Franky set up a second amp for Mavis who armed her own Stratocaster to join in. Caught off guard Gavin opens his eyes and observes her leap into Pantera's Cemetery Gates before leaping into Painkiller by Judas Priest. Laughing together the jam session ended with clapping. Standing in the store doorway was Hawke and another edition, a tall blond wearing a white business suit. She offered a brilliant smile toward them. Moving closer in her high heels the blond leans down and kisses Mavis. Winking at Gavin after Mavis points at him.
"My bitch."
"Weren't looking to steal more than a glance Mayfly."
"Mayfly?" The blond sighs, "I prefer Bluebird."
Mavis casts a thumb toward her girl, "She's addicted to my Thrush."
"I'm Ginger." She shakes Gavin's hand as Franky takes their guitars unhooking them.
"Gnarly. Gavin's my real name." His attention wavers away from the buxom beauty Ginger, "That was some fancy jammin' Mavis. You in a band?"
"Yep. Band's called Milkbone."
Stunned Gavin flares his brows. "Ain't that interestin', I just met your lead singer Pinky. Got a part time job at her record store."
"No shit." Mavis puckers, "Small world. I'll call ole Pinky and tell her we met."
"I better get next door and apply before it gets any later."
Hawke rubs the back of his neck, "Hate to break it to you Dude, but the Manager just removed the wanted sign. I think he hired another guy."
"Story of my life." Gavin frowns.
Mavis felt bad stealing him away. Trying to console him she peps up, "You should come jam with us. We've got a gig next Saturday at a bar over in Naperville, place called Rock Steady."
Absorbing the offer he nods, "I might just do that."
"I brought you lunch Bluebird." Ginger interrupts, "I have to get back to work. Nice meeting you Gavin Gnarly."
"You to Ginger Bread."
"Ginger Bread?" The blond grins curiously, "Ah! He can tell I come from money."
"How come I never see any of it?" Mavis growls.
"She is such a liar. Drop by our house sometime. I'll prove her wrong."
"All these invites who needs a job?" He chuckles.
"I'm fairly sure we can offer you a job." Ginger flirts with Gavin eying his crotch. Confused Gavin leers at Mavis who shrugs.
"Bands not called Milkbone for no reason. We're Bi but we love each other."
"They never invite me over." Hawke chimes in grimacing.
"What part of Man the Shop did you not understand?" Mavis orders him out.
Ginger winks toward Gavin, "Give him our address. Dinner tomorrow night. We can eat and you can watch Mavis work on my tattoos."
"You have tats?" He looks her over. None on her arms or legs.
"I'm a professional. Some things need to be concealed." Ginger flutters her fingers then struts away. Behind them Franky nearly drops the guitars watching her leave. Such nice long legs.
"What's Ginger do for a living?"
"Lawyer by day. Stripper by night. Pays her student loans. Her parents cut her off. Anyways, it was good rockin' with you Gnarly."
"You too Mayfly."
"Sorry about the job."
"When it rains it pours."
Mavis now eyes his crotch, "Lookin' forward to the flood Noah." Going to the counter she jots an address and number down for him. Passing it off she adds, "Don't get lost."
Strutting away Mavis stops to glance at Franky.
"Yo Franky?" She peels her leggings over her bare ass and uses both hands to spank herself right in front of him like beating bongos, "There's your drum solo."
Franky grinned like the devil at Gavin, "She's got the beat."
That she did.
Gavin headed home.
All in all a damn good day.