I'm eighteen years old.
I'm alone in my room.
I'm naked and I'm bored.
School's out and I'm looking forward to a boring long summer.
So, of course I'm jacking off my six inch cut dick.
Again.
I've shot off two loads already.
Mom and Dad are both gone for the week, taking a well-earned camping trip. I declined. I'm just not into the rugged outdoor roughing it bit any more. Been there, done that!. So I have the house to myself.
I need to find something to do, other than masturbate all day long. My folks wanted to send me off to summer camp. No Way. So I have to find something else. They left me with the task of finding something, perhaps a summer job?
But I'm not really good at much, except jacking off. I laugh to myself as I decide to open the personal section of The List, rather than the job listing section.
I peruse it and see the all the ads for guys trying to hook up with girls, naughty girls looking for a wet quick one, and of course the gay and lesbians looking to meet up.
Then I see it.
A very unusual ad.
ARE YOU MULTI-OGASMIC? WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE PAID TO CUM?
Hell yes!
So despite the fact that it is a M4M ad I read on.
TWO GAY ENTREPRENUARS ARE LOOKING FOR A SPECIAL SUMMER INTERN. WE ARE LOOKING FOR 18-19 YEAR OLD VIRGIN WHO ENJOYS CUMMING AND WOULD ENJGOY HAVING SEX, AND CAN DO SO MULTIPLE TIMES A DAY.
MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENT IS SOMEONE WHO CAN CUM MORE THAN TWO TIMES IN A ROW.
ANYONE ABLE TO MEET THAT REQUIREMENT WE WILL PAY YOU FOR A JOB INTERVIEW, SUBMIT YOUR JOB APPLICATION AT OUR WEBSITE. WE WILL BE CONDUCTING INTERVIEWS DAILY FOR THE NEXT TWO WEEKS.
They have been conducting interviews since last week when the ad was first placed. They are holding interviews all this week as well, what luck!
VARYING JOBS ARE AVAILABLE BUT THE ULTIMATE SUMMER INTERN JOB WILL PAY FIVE DAYS REGULAR PAY AND THE SIXTH DAY TIME AND HALF, ONE DAY OFF. A WEEK. FREE ROOM AND ALL FOOD AND DRINK PROVIDED. YOU WILL BE LIVING AT OUR HOME/WORK SPACE.
YOUR MUST BE DRUG FREE AND A NON-SMOKER.
I could live with that. They pay me and I live rent free and all the food and drink I want.
Sweet.
ALL SELECTEES WILL GET AN EMAIL AT NINE PM GIVING THEM THE INTERVIEW LOCATION. GROUP INTERVIEW BEGINS PROMPTLY AT NINE AM. DOORS CLOSE AT NINE.
They list a general description of their location, which is in the City about a 30-minute drive or forty plus on public transportation.
JOB REQUIRES YOU TO BE NAKED. YOU WILL SURRENDER YOUR CLOTHES UPON ARRIVAL FOR THE INTERVEIW. THEY WILL BE RETURNED AFTER THE GROUP INTERVIEW.
What? Huh. Two queers are paying to have hot young guys strut their stuff naked for them. Oh what the hell. They have as much right to get off as anyone else. Could be fun.
JOB INTERVIEW WILL CONSIST OF MASTURBATING AND REPEATEDLY CUMMING TO DEMONSTRATE YOU ARE TRULY MULTI-ORGASMIC.
Wow! They were serious about getting off. They are going to have a room full of naked guys jacking off for them as they watch. Shit, they have a lot of nerve.
But wait, think about this. They are paying to have guys jack themselves off repeatedly. Well, I'm doing that now and not making a dime. So, what the fuck. Might as well get paid for it.
FAILURE TO CUM AT LEAST TWICE MEANS YOU WILL BE ASKED TO LEAVE AND WILL NOT BE PAID FOR ATTENDING THE INTERVIEW. EVERYONE ELSE WILL BE PAID FOR ATTENDING THE INTERVIEW PROCESS. EACH INTERVIEWEE WILL BE ASKED TO LEAVE IF HE FAILS TO SHOOT OFF A CUM LOAD AT LEAST ONCE EACH HOUR.
THE LAST ONE STANDING AND STILL JACKING MAY BE OFFERED THE SUMMER INTERNSHIP.
BREAKFAST AND LUNCH WILL BE PROVIDED. COME EARLY TO AVOID MISSING THE EVENT.
WE ARE IN SEARCH OF SOMEONE WHO CAN TRULY CUM MORE THAN FOUR TIMES DURING AN ONGOING MASTURBATION SESSION.
APPLICATION AT THE WEBSITE, CLICK HERE,
APPLICATION REQUIRES:
STATS, INCLUDING SHOE SIZE.
I find the bit about the shoe size as odd. Oh well... no big deal.
WE ACCEPT ANY RACE SIZE AND SHAPE.
FACE PICTURE AND FULL NUDE FRONT PICTURE. PLEASE NOTE WE WANT SHAVED COCKS AND BALL ONLY, AS WELL AS NO HAIR UNDER THE ARMPITS. YOU DO NOT HAVE TO SHOW YOUR FACE IN THE FULL FRONTAL PICTURE IF YOU WISH.
FULL NUDE BACK PICTURE.
SUBMIT WAIVER ALLOWING US TO FILM THE INTERVIEW FOR OUR USE HOW EVER WE SEE FIT.
Wow! They are serious about this.
So? Do I dare?
Hell yes.
I click the web link and find myself at Ace-in-the-hole Film studios.
The pictures on the site clearly tell me what kind of films they make! This is a recruitment for a job in the porn industry. Wow! That's what they were getting at about the signed waiver.
This will be made into some kind of porn video!
Fuck that sound's so hot!
As I read and check out the pictures on the website I realize that they do Lesbian, Gay, Bi and Tranny porn.
Well what about that?
Do I care? Fuck no. Everyone is entitled to getting their rocks off with whoever they want.
Well... never having any I guess sex is sex. I like it what I've experienced so far. Which is just having sex with myself. I real do love to jack off and do it almost whenever I can get the chance. I'm definitely a virgin. I've not even touched or been touched. But, what the fuck, pun acknowledged, as long as there willing to pay me, it all sounds like a fun gig.
I guess I am going to go shave my dick and balls!
I go to the bathroom and find a small scissor and begin to chop off all my curly brown pubic hairs.
I figure I should get rid of as much of the stuff this way before I use a razor to shave off the rest and get completely smoothed. I finish doing that and then chop off the long hairs around my balls as well. Okay that's stage one. I get in the shower and let the hot steamy water rain down on my bare skin. Take up the razor blade and start to carefully run it along my hanging balls.
This feels weird.
But kind of a mild turn on handling my balls this way. Would be really fun if they had professional barbers who did this for me. That would be real interesting having someone handle my dick and balls and using a razor on them. That would be a turn on.
Once I finish shaving I dry off and apply some lotion to my bare butt, and now bare and smooth cock and balls. Then I go get my phone to take the needed nude selfies.
I fill in the application describing myself. I'm white guy, wavy brown hair and brown eyes, 5' 5 inches, 130 lbs., now, their asking how big is my dick. Hmmmm... when it's all soft and relaxed it's a mere inch stub with my ball sack only the size of a scrunched up quarter. However, when I'm all excited and hard my cock is a slender six inches and about an half inch across, with each individual ball about the size of a quarter hanging down in my sack. I submit the pictures, fill out the form, and then wait. Just go about the rest of my day all excited and wondering.
That night around nine o'clock I get an email inviting me to attend an interview.
Hot damn!
I spend the rest of the night jacking myself off till I'm exhausted and fall to sleep with a mess of cum loads sprayed all over my tummy.
***
I dress in tight black jeans, no underwear, I figure why bother; no socks, my Chuck Taylor high tops, and a black zip hoodie, no tee shirt, again why bother.
I catch the local bus early and arrive at 8:30. Planned it well and caught all the connections.
I sign in, show my ID with proof of my age, that one was important, good thing I got my driver's permit. I sign the waiver about letting them take pictures and a video of me and sign away the rights to all of them as well.
They show me to the locker rooms to store my clothes. I and the few other early birds are in their stripping naked. I check out the competition and see young cute looking guys of all sizes and shapes. Varying cock and balls sizes as well. But one thing I do notice. All are good looking faces and all have round shapely butts. No flat asses here. I think they are sorting us so far by our faces and our butts.
They have a look that they want.
We are all naked and hanging out in the next room, there are about ten of us in all. As we mill about there are photographers using expensive digital cameras and video cameras recording this event. I should have expected this and I don't think I was the only one who is surprised that this whole thing will be recorded.
There is food spread out to eat and so we all take advantage of it as the photographers take advantage of our collective nudity.
Oh well.
Then again, it is kind of hot being naked amongst these clothed photographers and the other men running this event.
I can see that a few other kinds are getting turned on at all this by the fact that their dicks are getting aroused.
Many have been here even earlier then me. White, Black, Asian, Hispanic, tall, thin, round and everything in between. All guys. They must have separate interviews for the les ladies and the trannys. I was right about the butts, everyone is anything but flat, a few with real juicy bubble butts. Some guys are horse hung as well.
Damn! They have a great spread of coffee, tea, soda, juice, and water, with fruit, pastries, bagels, and stuff to munch on.
When there are a dozen of us in the room and most of us are getting hard ons, a white guy in a pin stripe navy suit and tie announces that doors have closed and the group interview will begin in fifteen minutes. He suggests we take a moment to relieve ourselves now. As we won't be able to once we begin.
He again explains "that the interview consists of us masturbating multiple times, with about a fifteen minute recovery time allowed between each climax. We want you to try and cum in your hands and lick up our own cum loads rather than just shoot it on the floor. You should get used to the taste of cum if you will be working as actors for Ace in the hole studios. Lubes, lotions and oils will be provided in abundance for you. You will have multiple screens to view a variety of our porn for your visual stimulation as you masturbate."
As he explains all of this, I and others start playing with our erections as we listen.
He notices this and smiles but doesn't miss a beat as he continues to gives his intro talk, "Everyone who can cum at least two times in a row will be offered a job as actors in videos, paid on a per gig basis. We are looking for that someone who can cum four or more times. Bonus pay will be offered for each load shoot off beyond the fourth. So, keep on pumping if you can. Shoot off as many loads as you are able. Oh and those of you playing with yourselves, please refrain from cumming at this point."
A few guys blush and let go of their cocks.
"Don't misunderstand me, go on playing with your lovely young penises, just refrain from cumming."
I just gently run my fingers along my hardness while I listen.
"Once you have spent your rounds you will be directed back to this room where lunch will be provided and those who make the minimum can sign off on the acting contracts. You will also be paid in cash for your successful interview as well. Those who can't cum even twice, won't be paid. That was the minimum job requirements."
We go off and head back to the locker rooms to shit and/or piss as needed and then we are all herded to the interview room. At this point we all are sporting erections. The camera guys are getting all of this for posterity and that makes us all even harder and more turned on.
It is a big room with even more guys dressed in jeans and slacks with fancy digital cameras and working expensive video cameras as well. They are all over the place. The walls are filled with a dozen or so big gigantic flat screens that are showing the beginnings of porn videos as we walk in. Their on marks on the floor each numbered where we all take our places. We are roughly standing in a row but staggered so that no one of us are in the other's way. We are each sort of alone and easily seen by the cameras. There are tables near and behind us, where we can put whatever lube or lotions we want.
I stand at my mark and I take a full bottle of oil as it will be the easiest to deal with while I jack. I pour out some oil along my now semi-hard shaft. We're told to let go of our dicks and give them a rest before we begin to seriously and officially start the masturbating.
It's all so weird and so fucking hot. Here I am standing bare ass naked with my erect cock amongst eleven other naked good looking young guys who are also naked and proudly displaying their erections as well. Then we are all surrounded by a half dozen clothed photographers. Then there is about a dozen large flat screens showing all this hot porn, guy on guy, guys with trannys, girl on girl, threesomes and foursomes, guys sucking cocks, getting their cock sucks, guys getting their asses fucked. Oh my I've never seen anything like this.
Amongst the TV screens is a big digital counter.
I think that's for us to check our own progress. We have to cum and then recover and cum again within the appointed time.
Then it hits me... all of us here will be offered to be the guys acting in those porn videos. We're all going to be paid to have sex and be recorded doing it.
Wow.
"Okay gentlemen, lube up and start your engines "
We all wrap one of our hands around our erect cock and stand ready to begin.
"Go!"
I start to slowly beat my hot oiled meat. The sounds of hands slapping their meat and moaning fill the room.
This is all fucking hot.
"Now understand, you are all being watched and timed during this time trials. We will be able to tell if any one of you fail to cum after an hour of masturbating."
Oh God... this is all too much... I'm in a room with a dozen naked guys and we are all jerking off for cameras, I look around at all these cute juicy bare asses and hot slick meat getting pounded and I can feel my balls boiling up and ready to spurt out a load already.
Shit.
But, wait, it don't matter. So long as I can keep on cumming. Which I know I can so it's okay if I shoot off one really quick.
Whew... I just remember to hold out my other hand to capture my cum as I begin to spurt out my first hot load into my hand.
Ohhhhh God... it feels good. My hand is covered in white cream. I bring it to my mouth and start to lick my hand clean. The idea of eating my own cum for the first time ever is kind of kinky and it helps me get hard again. I don't touch my cock till I finish licking it all off my hand. Then I oil up my erection and then I begin to start again.
I see that I'm not the only one who needed to shoot off a quick load as I look around and see about half of the guys licking up their loads or in the process of shooting off their first rounds.
This is so fucking hot! My hand just glides up and down my hot oiled six inches and I'm so fucking horny. I feel myself rocking my hips as I work my stiff prick. I notice that by now everyone has shot their first load and is working on their second.
The videos are fucking hot as well. I've never seen a guy fuck another guy and hell it looks so sexy. I can see why we were all chosen for this interview. Though we all have different sizes cocks, our asses are all nice and hot, just like the guys in these porn videos.
Ahhhh... this is so damn nice... ohhhhh... yessss.
As I look around everyone has a big grin on their faces as we are all enjoying this gig. We're all young horny guys getting paid for wanking off.
Ohhhhhh... God... mmmmmmm... my hand just glides up and down my slick shaft of man this is great. I start to just play with my cut cock head and massage it with just my two fingers and my thumb... mmmm oh yeah... the room is filled with moans, grunts and groans and a variety of music coming from the videos and all of participants.
"Oh God... I'm coming!"
"Me too!"
"Hell... yes!"
"Oh Hell," and call out as I can feel me reaching that boiling point. "I'm losing it tooooooo... "
There I go... I remember to shoot my load in my other hand and just feel my palm filling up with hot creamy ooze.
Ahhhhhh... so nice...
It seems that once one guy starts to cum, we all get triggered by it and soon we are all shooting our loads, one guy after another.
Then I notice that there are a few guys still working on their second loads, let's see I count three of them. The rest of us are cleaning up after ourselves. We all relax, re-lube, and enjoy our soft flaccid cocks hanging down as we all nod to each other encouragement knowing that we will start our third round soon.
Time is becoming fluid and slipping out of focus... getting lost in the movement of oil hands sliding on oil cocks... and the moaning of pleasure.
I notice that our master of ceremonies is starting to explain something to us.
"... do tell your friends about us. We are always looking for fresh new talent. We want you to consider and tell us in the interview about this masturbation session what kind of work you want to do for us. You can just star in jack off videos if that is all you want to do. Though we encourage you to be open to offering helping hands to your fellow actors as well. Then there is other sex acts. Would you be open to oral? Either getting a blow job and or giving one to another of your fellow actors? And lastly there is anal. Would you enjoy being a top or a bottom or perhaps willing to participate as either. All things to consider... "
Hmmmm... I think I would enjoy having another guys dick in my hand. Yeah and of course having some guy jack me off would be hot!
I start watching this video where a hot Asian guy is with this black football jock with his huge hanging balls and his thick pre-cum leaking black dick. The Asian guy is on his hands and knees in front of the Black guy. The Asian guy is playing with his own cock as he is just using his mouth to lick and suck that dangling juicy black manhood. I'm mesmerized watching this hot vid as I oil up my dick and begin to jack once more.
I notice that those three guys have been asked to leave and the rest of us are all enrapt in our work and enjoying it all. The porn, the being photographed, the being naked, and the room full of naked good-looking young men spending the day wanking off.
That Asian guy is getting a mouth full of creamy mess from the Black guy and he's struggling to swallow it all. Just as the first black guy is coming to the end of his ejaculation I spot two other naked horse hung black dudes approaching, they've have their hands on each other's meat and slowly wanking each other. The first guy is finish and the other two present their black dicks for the Asian to feast on. The Asian trying to lick up more of the first jizz load as he gets a thick black dick shoved into his mouth.
Wow... this porn is fucking amazing... ohhhhh... I can feel my balls boil... I pour some more oil along its hot length and play with my oiled balls causing my prick to bounce up and down. I hear a few more guys coming and the approach of some of the clothed handlers asking a few more guys to leave.
I think I would be gladly let somebody suck my cock... and... ohhhhh... yeah... I think I might even be up for giving some hottie a blow job as well... ohhhhh... Look at that Black guy pounding that Asian ass... man oh fucking man... they are really going at it. I wonder what it would be like having my cock in all those lovely soft and juicy butts?
Ohhhh God... yeah... imagine slipping my shaft into that tight softness... oh God... yes... I'm starting to spew forth. Ohhhhhhh fuck!
God... Damn... AHHHHHHHH I just hold my hand around my cock head and let myself leak into my fist... UHHHHHHHHHH... man... oh man... oh man... they are paying me to do this... this is my kind of job... whew... I start to come down off the high of cumming.
I take in the room and see that there are only about four of us left still wanking off.
Are they on their third loads or their fourth?
I'm not sure? I'm not even sure about how many loads I've spewed out as I start to lick up the jizz off my hand.
I wasn't sure I would like having to eat my own jizz but now I kind of like it. It's kind of tasty. I wonder what other guy's jizz would taste like?
I stretch and take a break for a moment. Enjoying just being naked and the afterglow of a satisfying ejaculation. The Asian on screen is working on one black cock while the other has decided to force his meat into the Asian's cute ass. I think the Asian had shot at least one load as there is a mess of cum pooled underneath him.
I hadn't noticed it, but my hand is gliding gently along my now hot hardness. I wonder with a happy grin when that happened?
I notice another vid scene, this one with a bunch of guys with erections all surrounding one white guy on his knees. It's a circle jerk and the guy is in the center of it all. Just enjoying seeing all those lovely dangling bouncing hot rods. Occasionally one of the guys takes his prick and slaps it across the kneeling white guys face. Precum is forming and leaking onto and into his open mouth. God... that's hot. Everyone seems to be really enjoying themselves.
I can feel the happy warmth of my own dick in my hand as I just enjoy the porn.
Eventually I pump out another load and feel light headed from the gushing waves of pleasure bursting through my cock and body. I just stand there with my eyes closed and enjoy the sensations.
When I finish cumming and I start to lick up this load, I notice that I'm the only one left standing in the room.
Should I stop?
They did say they would pay bonuses for any loads after what was it? After third or the forth one?
I forgot.
Then I'm brought back to the here and now.
"Young man, if you want the internship, you can have it?" The guy in the suit says.to me. I notice we are the only ones in the room. "By the way, my name is Richard; I'm one of the founders of Ace in the Hole Studios.'
"Really?"
"My partner who was watching the live feed, agrees with me. We are amazed at your performance. Why don't you come with me and you can relax now, and we can talk business."
"Oh. Good. I guess I am a bit tired."
He guides me out of here to some other room where there is now soft leather chair.
"Can I sit there?" I ask.
"Of course. What can I get you to eat? A sandwich, a Hamburger, hot dog, pizza, or Chinese? Whatever you like, just ask?"
I just lean back into the soft leather and feel how tired I am... my legs are all tense and I feel weary and bit exhausted... even light headed.
"Could I get some juice or something first?"
"Of course. Rest up. You've impressed us all and we want to offer you one of our prized intern positions."
I'm handing some apple juice and I'm beginning to feel better. I ask for some pizza and as I eat something solid he explains the pay and benefits of the position. Free complete medical is included.
He asks me what kind of sex acts would I be into and I reply I think oral and I hear myself say anal as a top. He says that is fantastic.
Wow, did I really say that?
I am being hired to provide sexual services for himself and his partner Jason, and the other full time employees at the house, they include the Chauffeur-cook, Ricardo, and the grounds and house keeper, Oso. And last but not least is Viv, their set designer, costume designer, massage therapist, and all-around personal servant. They are all gay, of course, though Viv is special, he is a Tranny, has these wonderful tits and an adorable little penis. Viv, he explains, likes to be addressed as a she. As well as any other part time employees and of course any of our guests and visitors.
He explains that at the house where I'll be interning it is a clothing optional environment for the guests and visitors. Over time they had decided as a way to designate the interns from the naked guests would be to have the interns wear high heels. White would be for just jackers, clear plastic for hand jobs, pale pink for guys who agree to get blow jobs, bright pink for guys who give and receive oral, purple for anal bottoms and red for anal tops. Black heels are for those willing to be either a bottom and a top. Would I be okay wearing high heels?
"You mean," I ask, "I would be naked and walking around in high heels? Is that it?"
"Yes. Is that okay with you?"
"Oh... what the fuck, why not, you will be paying me to do this, right?"
"Correct."
"Then I guess we have a deal."
"Good we will bring you a pair to try on."
As I finish eating someone to bring me a pair of red platform high heels.
"Damn those are big! How tall are those suckers?"
"The heel is six or so inches, why don't you try them on?"
"Okay."
I get take them and slip then on my feet and then really carefully stand up on them.
"Damn! I feel like a giant in these? Do I really need to wear these fucking things?"
"Yes. That way everyone knows without asking what kind of sexual acts you are offering to provide."
"Ahh... that's right. You're paying me to have sex."
"That's right. Everyone knows by the color of the shoes what to expect in the way of service from you. We are very happy that you are willing to be a top. Our other intern is into both being a bottom as well as topping."
"You have other interns?"
"This year, yes. It all depends on what talent shows up. There are few rules of your new employment, if you sign up. One, you will be naked at all times wearing some high heels, yours will always be red. You can help select them if you like. Next, you may masturbate as often as you like, wherever and whenever you like, the only requirement is that you cannot cum. Not unless you are asked or told by myself or my partner who you will meet later. If any of we, myself or my partner, or any of my employees or our guests asks or invites you to perform a sex act you will do so without hesitation. Everyone knows your limits by the color of your shoes. No one will ask beyond your limits. Often you will be photographed or filmed, even when you are performing a sex act, that is all part what you signed on for. Occasionally we will take you out in public and you will be given some kind of clothing items. You will wear them without question or hesitation. Understood?"
"Hmm... no cumming on my own. Anyone can ask me to have sex with them. You can take pictures or vids of me doing it at any time. About the clothes, what kind of clothing items?"
"They will vary. But it is funny that a girl can walk around half naked in public and no one complains, though heads will turn. But, a guy cannot. So often you will be dressed, or undressed as a girl in public. So as to get away with being half naked in your attire in public. Any problem with that?"
"Ahhh... " I hesitate, then what the fuck. I'm already agreeing to wear these fucking heels. "Nah. No problem. What about my own personal stuff? Can I take it with me?"
"Tomorrow we will go get your stuff. We will store most of it. You can bring into the house dvds, cds, and books. The rest you won't need and we will store. You will be given a new state of the art computer, probably a tablet. You will hand over your old computer to our IT guys and they will transfer all your old data to your new unlimited cloud storage."
"Cool."
"Now, would you like to get a massage?"
"Sure. That's sounds good."
"There is a private massage room set up down the hall, why don't we go there."
"Okay."
I carefully follow him as we head out the room and down the hall. He is a fairly good looking guy. Dark brown hair with a hint of gray, close to six feet tall and solidly built. Very professional in his dark navy pin stripe suit.
He, of course, has a solid and wide butt.
I'm getting use to walking in these things as he opens the door to the massage room. A large massage table is in the center of the room, there is dim mode lighting, a table with oils on it, some white towels, a chair and dresser as well.
He tells me to get onto the table and I do so, stepping out of the heels. It feels good to relax.
I hear him start to undress and I turn my head to watch him. He carefully removes his suit coat and hangs it up. Then off goes his shoes, socks, and then his pants. He's wearing a purple thong under those pants. He does have a hot and big shapely butt, just as I thought. He removes his red tie and hangs up his white shirt on the chair.
Finally he takes off his thong and reveals a solid piece of meat dangling between his legs with ping pong balls hanging in his ball sack.
His cut cock quickly springs into erection as he approaches me and begins to pour some warm oil on my bare skin as he works it into my legs. I just melt. He makes his way up and down my legs to then add some warm oil to my butt and he playfully massages my ass. As I lay on my stomach
I can feel my prick starting to wake up. He works on my other leg, feet, and then back up to my ass.
He then comes around to the side to work on my butt and lower back. His erection bumps into my hand and I just find myself touching his warm tool. He adds a bit of oil to his erection and I play with his hard on as he works on me. Wow.
I've never touched another guys dick before. It feels so good. So soft and hard. I could get to like this.
When he comes around to work on my upper back and shoulders he leans in and his cut cock lays on the table a few inches from my mouth. I don't know why but somehow I find myself scooting over and I just open my mouth up. What the hell? I wonder what has come over me. Then he just slides his cock head toward me. For some reason I just keep my mouth open as he leans in and it goes into my mouth as he continues to work on my back.
I've never tasted another man's dick and it is kind of nice. I like how it feels in my mouth. I begin to lick and suck on his head as he does his magic on my upper back and shoulders.
He then pulls away from me and walk around to my other side and again his erect cock is set down mere inches from my mouth when I turn to face the other way. I just do it again. I open up and he slides it in as he leans in to work on this side of my back.
I once again lick on his dick as he works on my shoulders. His cock feels so good in my mouth.
This is crazy. What am I doing?
But it feels so good. I just keep doing it.
"There is one more part to the interview process with regards to hiring an intern,' he says as I suck on his hard meat. "Oh, you can't talk with your mouth full, let me help you with that," and he pulls back away from me and his cock slips out of my mouth.
"Oh... so what is this last thing?" I ask.
"I need you to roll and sit up it."
"Oh? Okay." I do so and my reveal that my cock is almost fully hard and sticking out.
"The last thing that is required for your job interview is a taste test."
"What is that?'
"Let me demonstrate." He gets the nearby chair and sits his bare ass on its leather seat which brings his face level with my cock and balls. He then takes his hand and wraps it around my cock, opens up his mouth and brings my cock head into his mouth. He begins to give me a blow job.
My first ever!
Oh my God... I've died and gone to heaven!
He stops for a moment and my wet prick just throbs in the air in front of his face. "Young man, I want you to know you are as tasty as you are talented. I'm really going to enjoy this."
With that he goes back to swallowing my cock. He licks, sucks and masterfully works my cock and balls with his mouth and I just sit there and let him. Oh my God... my boss is definitely masterful.
I'm getting paid to get sucked off by him! This is overwhelming... hard to take it all in... Oh my Godddd... Ohhhhh...
He takes one of my balls into his mouth and ohhhhh... so warm... wet... so flooding with sensations... can't believe this... ohhhhhhhhhh... he has taken control of me and bringing up... feelings... that are... ohhhhhhhhhhhh... that I didn't know... didn't imagine... were possible... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
"Uhhhh... I'm sorry... but... I can't help... myself... I'm... going... to cum... again... oh God... oh God... oh God... oh God... OH GOD!!"
I start to burst out again and he just manages to swallow me whole... ohhhhhhhhh I'm filling his mouth and he is taking it all down...
!!
I find myself on my back, my penis is wet, dripping and limp. I'm flushed and drained.
I slowly sit up and see that Richard, my boss, is finishing getting dressed.
"Hello sleepy head, time to have you sign the papers and then take you to meet Jason, and our other intern, Jonathan."