The Bet—Day 5
Day 5 actually started late on Day 4. Shortly after I awoke from an afternoon nap, I received a text from Jared telling me that I was on my own for dinner because a family issue had come up that would keep him and Julia tied up for the rest of the day. I texted back that it wouldn't be a problem. I spent the rest of the day and early evening reading up on the new programing language that I had just started looking at when Sandra had distracted me.
Dinner was a slice of pizza and a couple of beers at the bar in a nearby pub. While I sat at the bar and as I walked back to Jared's my mind was focused on ideas I had for things that could be done with the new programing language I had been reading about. The problem of course was that I would have to go back to the rat race in Palo Alto I had just escaped. Pursuit of any of my ideas would require me to hire some heavy duty hacking talent, round up venture capital, and deal with the usual collection of lawyers, accountants, tax advisors, etc. The talent I would need to pursue the idea simply wasn't available in Boise. But, I wasn't at all sure I wanted to go back to Palo Alto, especially when I compared it to the alternative of staying in Boise, where my main focus was on dealing with a horny preacher's wife and a couple of other women who all wanted to fuck my brains out. Staying in Boise and letting these women screw me silly seemed a great deal more attractive, given that I didn't really need the money that the new project might generate. Still, the idea was an interesting one.
Between Kat and Sandra, the last 24 hours had pretty much worn me out and I was just about to call it an early evening, when Jared and Julia came in. Julia, who looked to be in a bad mood, disappeared, but Jared asked me to join him in the back yard for a beer. "There are a couple of things we need to discuss," he said. He sounded serious.
"What's up?" I asked, once we were seated in the back yard, beer in hand.
"Two things. First, I have to tell you, you've been driving my wife nuts."
"What? How?"
"She wants to fuck you so bad she can't stand it, and all you do is tease her. You know I don't object to your having sex with her. That's the kind of relationship Julia and I have. So what's going on Michael?"
I laughed. "Jared, there's something you need to know about your house. When I'm in my bedroom, I can hear everything you and Julia say and do in your bedroom. I know about the bet, and that's why I've been playing hard to get with her."
Jared laughed a long roaring belly laugh. "No shit? That's what this is all about? I couldn't figure out what you didn't like about Julia. I asked myself whether you were gay, but you sure as hell weren't gay when we roomed together in college. Plus, I watched you fuck Sandra silly the other night, and . . .
"And this afternoon," I interrupted.
"And there was Kat last night," "he continued. "So I couldn't believe you were even close to gay." He shook his head. "So this was all just about our silly ass bet?"
"Yes, and just so you know, it hasn't been easy. There have been a couple of occasions when I would have gladly dragged her off to bed and fucked her until she was begging for relief. Very tempting. Your wife has a great pair of tits that I . . ."
"I've noticed that myself," he said with a laugh. "And I've noticed you noticing. Another reason I didn't think you are gay."
"It was good that Sandra and Kat were around or I might have succumbed to her charms."
He leaned back in his chair and took a long pull on his beer obviously thinking about how best to play this opportunity. Leaning forward, he said, "Okay, here's how were going to handle this. I'm going to tell her that we talked, but not that you know about the bet. I'm going to tell her that I didn't tell you it was okay to fuck her because I'm not giving up on the bet, and I'm afraid you are weakening. Then I'll remind her that she has only one more day to seduce you or she'll lose the bet. Tomorrow, after morning church services, I'll come up with an excuse to leave for a few hours and this time I want you to succumb to her charms. Just fuck her until she begs for mercy Michael. She wants it." He laughed. "Hell, she needs it. She gets cranky when she fails to seduce someone she has set her sights on."
"But what about the bet?" I asked. "You'll lose, won't you?"
"I don't give a shit about the bet," he said. "We make these stupid bets all the time. What are the stakes again? I can't even remember."
"You'll have to eat her out on the altar of your church."
He laughed. "Well, that won't be a first for that event. The only thing is that we can't do it while the congregation is there. That would seriously impair cash flow. We can't have that, and she knows it as well as I do. After all she keeps the books for all of our little enterprises. Believe me, losing the bet and having to do her on the altar will be a lot easier than putting up with a frustrated wife."
He took another long pull on his beer. "Great. Now that's settled, but there is one other little problem we need to talk about. This one might be harder."
Harder than my fucking his wife, I wondered? What could be harder than that?
"My mother in law is back. I'm going to need your bedroom."
"No problem. I've got a rental that is available late next week. It's about four blocks away."
"Whew. That's great. I was afraid I was going to have to throw you out."
"What about from now until the end of next week?"
"That will work fine, she has an old boyfriend here in town that she is shacked up with, but that can't last beyond the end of next week."
"Okay. No problem. But how come?"
"His wife is coming home then."
Now it was my turn for a belly laugh. "You people," I said. "You're unbelievable."
"Just regular folks trying to get by," he responded. "Want another beer. I need one. Dinner with Shirley is always tough. She's unusual you know. She is a total slut, but she doesn't approve of drugs or alcohol."
"I can't wait to meet her," I said.
"Take care of my wife first, old buddy. First things first. Julia will go through the roof if you are fucking her mother and not her."
Jared went in to fetch a couple of additional beers.
When he returned I took a long pull on my beer and asked, "I have a question. Are you two married or not? You keep talking like you are, but the first night I was here you told me you weren't."
He laughed. "Well the ring was phony and when we left Walla Walla we were determined it was just going to be a partnership—kind of a carnal partnership I admit, but that was the plan. Recently our tax advisors explained the tax benefits of being actually married so we broke down and tied the knot. We don't usually admit that to our close friends. That is a little odd, given how much trouble we went to to appear to be married before we got married. But remember this, Michael. Monogamy is not part of the deal for either of us. So stop teasing my wife and screw her.
* * * * * *
The next day dawned bright and sunny with a forecast high of 89 and a light breeze. A perfect Boise late summer day. Jared and Julia had left for the church before I got up. Sunday was their big day with the congregation, so they were always there early to make sure everything was in order. I followed a bit later, arriving well in time for the 10:00 o'clock service. The church was in a run-down neighborhood between Boise's old train depot and it's airport. Not a particularly notable building. Built sometime early in the twentieth century, it was cool inside, but I suspected it would warm substantially as the sun went to work on it. The pews were old, scarred wood that may well have seen service in one or more other churches before coming to rest in Jared's church. They didn't look particularly comfortable, but Jared wasn't known for conducting the kind of drawn out service that would make them painful.
By 10:00 o'clock the church was very nearly full. I was wondering what Jared's message was that would fill this old church on a three day holiday (Monday would be Labor Day). It was a pretty straightforward church service. Jared preached from a pulpit on the left side of the altar. No fancy robes. Just his standard black slacks and shirt and ecclesiastical collar. Julia led the small choir from the other side. She had a remarkable voice. Apparently, she had skills beyond sex and juggling the books. Who knew?
Jared's service was what I considered typical non-denominational motivational preaching. No hellfire and brimstone. Just a batch of bible references and readings that supported his theme of "Love thy neighbor and thyself, and have no fear, God will look after you." He definitely didn't mention anything about going to hell for adultery nor did he mention his attitudes towards the care and feeding of a successful marriage with ample and mutual extramarital sex. His preaching on that subject was reserved for folks like Sandra and Andrew.
An offering basket was passed and I noticed that the contributions appeared generous. Later Julia would tell me that the real money came in through monthly tithing, which was not mentioned during the ceremony. I would also learn later that the whole ceremony would be taped and released as a podcast in conjunction with Jared's religious blog. That part of the operation was generating mid-six figure annual revenues with almost no operating costs. Non-threatening, non-demanding, comforting religion on your schedule, perhaps during your commute. Each podcast and the end of each blog entry was followed by a brief soft ask. No other advertising—just a soft request for funding of Jared's ministries. Apparently if people could go to church on their own schedule, hear a pleasant message, and not be threatened with eternal damnation, they were willing to pay-up for the service. It seems obvious when you think about it.
Later I stood, my back to the warm bricks of the church, and watched as Jared and Julia greeted their departing congregation. Jared was smooth and polished, but it was Julia who was stealing the show. Her hair was up and she had her "church lady" glasses on, but her clothing was more stylish than I had seen her in in the past. She wore a bright blue dress buttoned down the front that hung loosely across her ample breasts, not showing them off, but not really hiding them either. The dress fit her broad hips snugly and then stopped at her knees. It couldn't be said to fit tightly, but it really didn't disguise any aspect of her voluptuous figure Her three inch heels made her legs look stunning.
As each parishioner came out she greeted them with a hand shake (in classic Joe Biden two handed form), or a brief and decorous hug, or a more aggressive hug that mashed her magnificent boobs against the recipient's chest (men and women). Sometimes she even spoke softly and privately into the individual's ear. But, there were a few public words for each—a compliment for their dress or neck tie, a thank you for a recent contribution, an inquiry as to how children or aging relatives were faring or, in some cases, a simple thank you for attending and a request to come again. She knew her audience and played them to perfection. Everyone I saw walked away smiling. It was a virtuoso performance. The girl really did have talent.
Eventually everyone was gone, with only the three of us left standing on the church steps. Jared turned to Julia and asked, "What's the take?" meaning the cash in the baskets.
"I won't know until I do a detailed count and prepare the deposit, but it looks to be about $1,500, or so. Not bad for a holiday weekend."
Jared smiled and looked over at me, "She will be accurate in that estimate to within $25.00."
Julia laughed. "It's a skill I learned from Big Al. He could look down from the pulpit as the baskets were going around, guess the take, and ramp up his sermon if necessary to get what he needed to keep the church afloat."
Jared shook his head. "He would have done so much better if he had left out all that hellfire and brimstone stuff. It puts people off, and they stop showing up. Tell them what they want to hear and keep'em coming back."
Then he rubbed his hands together. "I'll go in and grab the tapes and then run home and get this week's blog post and pod cast out. There are folks out there who may want to get their weekly dose of religion as they drive home from their Labor Day getaway. Michael can you help Julia tidy up and then drive her home with you?"
"Sure thing." I guess he wants me to screw his wife in his church, I thought.
* * * * * *
As Julia and I walked into the church she turned to me and said, "Can you pick up all the bulletins and put the choir books back in their holders? I've got to take the donation baskets back to the church office and lock them in the safe."
With that she strode off down the aisle, her high heels making a clatter that echoed through the empty church. I stood watching her walk away, savoring the swing of her tasty looking hips as she walked. I was convinced that she was adding an extra swing to those hips. Yum!
She was gone for about ten minutes, during which I easily finished up my assigned chore and took a seat in a pew about halfway down the aisle. There wasn't much to pick up. Most people are pretty tidy at church. When she returned it was easy to see what had delayed her. Her dress was now unbuttoned nearly to her waist, from both the top and the bottom. A long sexy leg was revealed with each step as she walked towards me. Julia had also dispensed with her bra, so her tits were bouncing deliciously beneath the silky material of her dress. With the top three or four buttons of the dress released, the inside of her breasts, sometimes more, were readily visible as they swung from side to side.
"Miss me?" she asked as she walked up to me.
"Terribly."
"Just what parts of me were you missing?" she asked as he leaned forward over the back of the pew before me exposing virtually all of her tits as the dress billowed away from her chest.
"Well, these for sure," I said. I reached forward with a hand and began to massage one of her beautiful boobs.
She made no effort to resist, saying "Umm, that feels nice."
"Can we really do this in a church?" I asked.
"That and a lot more," she responded. "What? Do you think God is going to strike you dead with a lightning bolt? We don't have that kind of god in this church. Our God loves sex."
After letting me massage her boobs for a while she stood and walked around to my side of the pew. She stepped in front of me, dragging her broad ass past my face, and took a seat next to me. "Were there any other parts of me that you missed?" she asked. As she spoke she slid her hips forward and put one foot up on the back of the pew before us, exposing her sexy naked leg and, when she let the leg fall to the side, her sex.
"Well yes, there was one," I said.
She looked at me waiting for me to continue. Well this is it, I thought. "Am I really going to screw my good friend's wife?" I asked myself. "Am I really going to do it in a church?" My answers were yes and yes.
I said aloud to Julia. "Stand up and lean over the back of the pew in front of us."
When she did as I asked I slid over behind her so her butt was directly in front of me. Then I began to massage her nice broad ass through the fabric of her dress. I had been wanting to massage these broad fuckable hips like this ever since I'd arrived in Boise, and the way the soft silky fabric slid across her skin just made it all the more erotic. With my face up against her ass I could smell her arousal. It was delicious.
"Oh my, that feels good," she said. I kept massaging her with one hand but the other hand was slowly pulling her dress up until I could lay it up over her back. She assisted by releasing the remaining buttons on the front of the dress. Then she pulled it forward and over her shoulders and head so she was standing naked before me.
Now I had her naked ass, an ass I had been lusting after since I first arrived, right in front of me, with a hand on each naked butt check. "You know you've been a very naughty girl, Julia."
"Me?" She pushed her ass towards me and wiggled it in a seductive fashion.
"Yes. So, so naughty."
"What have I done that's naughty. I'm always a very nice girl." Another wiggle of her ass.
"Not true, Julia." As I spoke, l slapped her right butt cheek hard.
"Ow!"
"Didn't you just fuck another woman's husband, I think his name was Andrew." I slapped her other butt cheek just as hard as the first.
I slapped each of her cheeks again. "How many times did you fuck Andrew?" I asked. I had never spanked a woman before, but I was convinced she wanted it and to my surprise I was enjoying it.
"Only once." She wiggled her ass at me again.
I slapped her hard, twice, once on each buttock. "You lie, Julia. You fucked him three times, didn't you?"
"Ahhh, . . . No actually it was four. I fucked him again yesterday while you were fucking his wife."
"I laughed. Okay that one doesn't count." Now I was softly rubbing her ass where it was red from my slaps.
She kind of purred as I continued rubbing her cheeks. "Was he good Julia? Was he a good fuck?"
She made a smirking noise. "I think a good fuck, but not a great fuck," she said.
I laughed at her.
"He's got a great dick, but he needs some training on how to use it. I have hopes that you'll be better. Sandra says you are."
"Oh is that so?" I let my right hand slide down off her ass and between her legs. Soon I was rubbing her pussy. It was swollen and wet.
"Oh yes Michael, that feels so good. So good. Put your fingers in me, please. Please Michael."
She was so wet. Two fingers slid easily in to her and I began spinning them around as I pulled them back and forth.
She gasped, "Oh god that feels good."
"You've been thinking about this all morning haven't you."
"Yes. . . . Actually, I've been thinking about fucking you since you walked up the front walk when you got here on Tuesday." She pushed back against my fingers and wiggled her butt again. I smiled as I remembered listening through the bedroom wall the first night I was in town. She was screwing Jared, and kept calling him Michael.
She pushed the pew she was leaning on forward so she was just holding herself up on it with her hands. I was sitting beside her, finger fucking her while she twerked her butt at me. Now I could see her gorgeous tits hanging down and swinging as she moved. I reached forward with my free hand and began to fondle one of her tits.
"You like my tits don't you Michael," she said, between gasps as I finger fucked her
"God yes," I said.
"There's a bed in the old cottage behind the church. Let's go there. Fucking is so much better on a bed."
"I agree," I said. "But not quite yet. I've never had sex in a church. We need to do it just a little and then we can move."
"Oh you are a dirty boy, Michael," she said, as I stood and released my trousers so I was standing behind her, my pants and underpants in a pool around my feet and my rigid dick standing straight out.
"I think you like dirty boys, Julia. That's why you married Jared," I said as I lined myself up behind her ass and pushed her feet apart so she was at the right height. Then I probed until I found her hole and slid my cock into her. It was sublime. So warm and wet—snug, but not painfully tight.
"Oh I've been wanting this for almost a week," I said. I had a hand on each side of her ass and I began pumping my cock in and out. She groaned every time I pushed it back in.
"Oh god, that's good, Michael. So fucking good, and this is so nasty, just so nasty. Fucking in the church like this. Oh yes, yes, yes. I want to cum here Michael. I want to cum right here in the pews on that big hard prick of yours. Just think about it. Next Sunday there will be people in these pews and hey won't have a clue that we were fucking here."
"Okay," I said. "But I still want to go to the cottage. There's more I want to do to you than just fuck you from behind while you are leaning over a pew." I reached around with one hand and began diddling her clit. She gasped when I first touched her and then carried on with a series of cries and obscenities.
"Oh fuck. Good fucking god. Oh, oh, oh, yes. Oh shit. You're so fucking good."
"You like this Julia? Do you like fucking someone not your husband in his own church? You do, don't you Julia? This is wrong isn't it Julia? That's what makes it so good, doesn't it? Just so fucking wrong and you're loving it, you little slut. Aren't you? Answer me." I slapped her ass hard again.
"Fuck," she screamed. "Fuck yes." Then she deteriorated into a series of high pitched cries uttered in time to my cock's thrusts into her cunt. I had spread her legs to just the right height so I was bent just a bit at the knees. Now I could use my leg muscles to ram my cock home on each thrust.
"Oh God, oh God. I'm getting close. I'm going to cum. Fuck me Michael. Fuck me. Fuck me harder. Ohhhhhhhhh. Fuuuuuuuck. Here it comes," and she screamed as I felt her cunt clamp down on my dick. Her whole body stiffened and she pushed her ass back against my hips with everything her legs and core could muster.
When her climax ended her legs went wobbly. I held her up by the hips, my stiff dick still impaling her. She was gasping for air. I pulled her back as I sat down and she landed in my lap. My glistening cock had slipped out of her cunt and was standing up against her sex and her lower belly.
"Wow. Oh Wow," she said. "That was a big one." She paused to suck in more air. "Well are you satisfied now Michael? You've fucked your friend's wife in his church?"
I was holding her tits, one spilling from each hand. "No," I responded. "I'm not satisfied. You've been teasing me all week and I want more from you. Now let's go to that bed you were telling me about." I pulled off my clothes so I was naked like her and then pulled her up by the hand and said, "Let's go."
"Follow me," she said and stepped sideways between the pews. As she reached the aisle I slapped her hard on the butt, the sound echoing throughout the church. She looked back at me and laughed. Then she led me down the aisle and up and across the alter and through a side door. We were both naked, our clothing strewn about the pew we had been fucking in. We walked through an ante room, where choir robes hung on a long rack and then stepped through a door that led us into a parking lot behind the church. I realized we would have to walk about thirty yards through the parking lot to get to the cottage. We both looked around, like kids about to cross a busy street, and then scampered naked across the empty parking lot.
When we got to the cottage: Oh shit, the door was locked! I stood there feeling very naked and exposed while Julia dropped to her knees before me and rummaged under a matt for a key. He ass looked so good, I almost forgot about being naked in the parking lot. I wanted to drop to my knees and take her right as she was.
Once we were in the cottage she led me to the bedroom and flopped down on a bed her legs spread in invitation. "All right Michael. What was it you wanted to do to me."
I felt like a kid in a candy store. Where to start? Oh what a problem to have. Yum. I pulled a chair up next to the bed and sat on it, my knees more or less together. "Come here Julia and sit on me. I want to fuck you while I bury my face in your glorious tits."
"Oh yes!" she responded. We were soon sitting on the chair face to face, or rather face to tits, with her legs spread around mine and my face buried between her breasts. I wasn't fucking her hard, like I had been in the pews. We were just sitting there, my rigid cock happily buried in her warm, wet, gleeful cunt, while I used my hands to fondle her big luscious boobs and my lips and tongue to lick and suck on her nipples. We sat in silence for a long time, both of us grinning like kids. Without any conscious effort on either of our parts my prick would occasionally flex, causing her to gasp lightly. She would respond by causing her cunt to lightly squeeze my prick.
I leaned back so I could look at her beautiful tits. Her areolas were swollen and darkened from their normal pale hue to a seductive rose color and her nipples were swollen and hard, a dark brown color, aching for me to continue sucking on them.
"Oh Michael, this is so fucking good. Why did we wait so long? You kept turning me down."
"Well, it's not like I didn't have anyone else to fuck this week. The Reverend kept dragging one horny woman after another in front of me. How could I say no, especially after a six month drought?" She flexed her cunt and I gasped and returned the favor with my cock.
"Six months? You went six months without sex? How could you do that? I would have blown up." She squeezed my cock again. I could tell she was doing it on purpose now.
"It was tough." I flexed my cock and used my core muscles to push it in just a touch further into her cunt. Then I relaxed and let it slide back. It wasn't really a thrust. Just a directional flex.
"I can't believe you didn't just rip my clothes off me that morning when you were standing in the hall naked in front of me."
"I thought about doing just that and then I remembered the bet."
"The bet?"
Oops, I slipped, I thought. I wasn't supposed to tell her I knew about the bet. We were sitting right next to the bed. I ignored her question. Instead, I picked her up and leaned forward so that we fell onto the bed in the classic missionary position, with me cupping her ass in both hands and my chest smashed against her chest, and Julia with both legs extended out to the sides, spread as wide as she could get them. When we hit the bed my cock jammed hard into her and she gasped. "Oh yes. Fuck me Michael. Fuck me hard. I want to come again." She completely forgot about my admission about the bet.
So I did just that, pounding away at her for all I was worth She quickly came again with a loud violent climax, better even than the one in the church. We tipped to the side and lay, my still, my hard dick still deeply imbedded in her while she gasped for breath.
"Oh god, you're still not done are you," she said. "What kind of fucking machine are you? I don't know if I can do it again."
I kissed her and she responded. It was slow and soft at first, but as it went on we both became more aggressive. Soon I had moved my face down to that sensitive spot where a woman's throat meets her chest, and I was licking and sucking on the soft flesh there. I didn't start thrusting, but I was fondling her breasts. It wasn't long before I felt her pussy come to life and start trying to milk my cock.
"Oh so you do want some more. You're such a nasty little slut Julia. Just can't get enough of my hard cock, can you?" As I spoke, I flexed my hips and jammed my cock roughly into her cunt.
"Oh!" she gasped. "Yes, it's true. I am a nasty little slut and I really can't get enough cock, especially your cock. Oh that feels so good."
I was pumping it regularly in and out now. I paused and rolled the two of us to the side so she was on top. "Get up on you knees and ride me like a cowgirl," I said. "I want to play with your tits while you ride my cock."
We fucked like that until she had her third orgasm of the afternoon. Then we tried a variety of positions finally winding up with Julia on her knees, her face in the pillow with her broad butt in the air while I fucked her furiously from behind. That did it for me I came with a roar that could be heard back in the church, as I pumped stream after stream of cum deep into her cunt. My climax was so intense that I didn't notice whether she came then or not. We collapsed sideways and fell asleep spooning.
Sometime later I felt her stir and I awoke to find her sitting on the bed. "Michael," she said. "It's time to get going. We have to get back over to the church and get dressed. People will start arriving for the 4:00 o'clock service soon."
"The 4:00 o'clock service? I didn't know there was a 4:00 o'clock service."
"Every Sunday, rain or shine." She was suddenly all business.
We peeked out the door and were relieved to see the parking lot was still empty. Both of us ran as we crossed to the church, my dick, which by some miracle was partially revived, was swinging uncomfortably to and from and her big tits were doing the same thing. We made it to the church and into the robing room to find Jared standing there to greet us.
"Hello you two. I wondered when you were going to show up," he said, as he handed us our clothes. "You better get dressed. The choir will be in here wanting to put on their robes soon. And Julia, you better work on that make-up. You have the look of a woman who has just been well and thoroughly fucked."
She stuck her tongue out at Jared and handed me her clothes, saying, "Keep these in the car for me, Michael." Then she marched to the rack, pulled off the choirmaster's robe which reached to her feet and slid it over her body. "And you're right Jared, I have been thoroughly fucked by your old friend here. He's every bit as good as you said he would be." With that she walked out of the room to fix her hair and make-up, which was a mess.
Jared and I stared at each other and then begin to laugh. "Where did you find her Jared?" I asked. "She's perfect for you."
"I told you. I met her behind a church on a hot day in Walla Walla, where she gave me a blow job in the first five minutes after we met."