It was a hot summer night in the entertainment district of the city, and the outdoor patio of the most famous gourmet restaurant there was filled with people. A tall, handsome, and well-built man, Michael, exited the door to leave the restaurant, then held it open for his wife. He took his young twenty-six years old wife Susan by the hand and guided her over the doorstep, and as soon as the five-foot-eight blonde beauty stepped out, all eyes focused on her perfect, athletic legs, leading up to a loose black minidress that started mid-thigh but hid her slim, athletic torso and flat stomach. Susan preferred loose dresses as they didn't suffocate her or squeeze her breasts, and were much easier for her husband to pull off for a quick coitus session.
Susan and her husband Michael left the swanky restaurant and headed toward the parking lot. Even as they turned towards the back, cars with male drivers slowed down to admire her legs and her gorgeous face, accentuated by her long straight blonde hair. Susan was used to this attention as her whole life she was more often than not the most beautiful woman in the area. As she and her husband faced each other to kiss, they didn't notice a car pull up next to them in the lot and stop.
"Hi gorgeous!" the man in the passenger window shouted, but Susan ignored him and her husband led her to their car.
Then the two men got out of the car and began verbally harassing the couple. Susan tried to get into her car quickly but one man ran up before her husband Michael could react and grabbed her ass. That's the last straw, thought Susan, and she spun around quickly and punched him in the nose full force, flooring him. However, her husband wasn't so lucky because as he rushed across the car to assist her, he didn't see the remaining bully behind him; being a typical bully he gave Michael a quick kick between the legs from behind. Her husband dropped to the floor, angering Susan beyond thought. She started to round her car to confront the remaining bully, but he quickly hopped onto the hood and in typical cowardly rapist fashion, attacked Susan from behind by putting her into a bear hug. What he didn't realize was that Susan was at one time full contact mixed martial arts division champion during her college years; however, he was lucky in that he was taller and picked her off her feet before she could stomp his foot.
"Leave them alone!" shouted a voice. Susan turned to see a younger, probably still college-aged east Asian man grab her assailant and knee him hard in the kidney, causing him to drop her. He quickly punched at her rescuer, who ducked it and then hit him square in the chin and kneed him in the stomach. Probably realizing he now had a witness who would testify he was grabbing a woman against her will, he turned to walk away, facing Susan directly. He made an evil smile when he saw her beautiful face, with her long blonde hair messed around it, and that was all the distraction Susan needed. Since he was taller and focused now on her face and breasts, he didn't even notice the heel of Susan's foot suddenly swing up and out in a side kick; he walked straight into her trap like a deer in headlights. Unfortunately, Susan forgot she was wearing stilettos, and her sexy stiletto heel was the first part that made contact with the bully, poking in somewhere in his throat.
His eyes opened in pure shock and he fell hard on his back onto the pavement; he hit the hard ground head first, but had his hand on his throat and was struggling to breathe properly.
Meanwhile, the east Asian man had run over to her husband, who was gripping his groin in pain, and helped him lie on his back:
"Are you OK sir?" he asked.
"Yes, thanks," replied Michael. He looked up behind Susan, and she turned to see the assailant she had punched in the nose flee the parking lot.
Susan quickly dialed star nine on her iPhone: "Hello, my husband was attacked and injured.
Yes...one of the attackers is hurt pretty bad too...please hurry to the midtown Mr. Chow restaurant."
She then turned to the young east Asian man, who had helped her injured husband lie on his back and held his head off the pavement. He was pressing around Michael's pelvis area and must have noticed her staring at him, as he looked straight at her. Immediately he was like a deer in headlights, star-struck at the gorgeous blonde wife in front of him with the body of an athletic lingerie model. She decided to snap him out of the trance:
"Hi. I'm Susan," she said.
"Martin," he replied, "Sorry, I'm not fondling your husband, but he told me his pelvis was hurting, and it looks like one of your attackers might have damaged some nerves around his groin."
"Is he going to be, OK?" asked Susan, worried about what this would do to her marriage; her husband was a fantastic lover, and she didn't want to lose that.
"Don't know yet.
Sorry, I'm just starting medical school this year," Martin apologized unnecessarily. He was very nice, remarked Susan, caring, humble, and despite not being as strong or tall or as handsome as her husband, he had a decent, warm face and a lean, fit body. Susan took some time to admire Martin's physique; for some reason this average but reasonably fit east Asian man examining her husband's groin made her labia swell with interest.
Almost a week had passed, and Michael had returned home from the hospital with Susan, with minor injuries that would have limited impact on their sex life. Thank goodness, thought Susan, as she wanted to bear him plenty of children, and have a lot of fun during the conception aspects of it. While her husband had just woken up, Susan had quickly rushed to their giant walk-in closet and had selected a very sexy matching lace bra and g-string set to wear out to her husband. She confidently swayed her hips back and forth as she sashayed out of her closet and into the main bedroom, shaking her head and long blonde hair, then smiling and licking her lips at her husband. As typical, Michael could only stare with his jaw open at his unimaginably beautiful wife, offering herself to him in a sexy lace lingerie set, as she pulled the comforter off and climbed into bed with him.
She noticed his penis was not erect yet, so she swung her hair over his groin to tickle his member through his boxers, then quickly pulled his boxers off so he was completely naked with her.
Susan placed her hands on his nipples, and quickly straddled her husband, wrapping her legs around his and placing her crotch directly on top of his limp penis. Her husband reached up and began squeezing her breasts through her bra, causing her to moan and increase the rate of her breathing.
She began rotating her hips, purposefully rubbing her lace g-string crotch against his soft member, her inner labia lips massaging to the top of his penis. Her breathing increased and she unclasped her bra and threw it to the side of the bed to give Michael full access to her breasts and nipples. This caused her husband to sit up, flexing his rock-hard six-pack to pull his muscular upper body into her arms; he proceeded to thrust his tongue into her mouth. After some tongue action, Susan broke their kiss and with both hands guided his face into her breasts, where her husband began sucking on her nipples and kissing all around her chest. Her husband then wrapped his arms around her waist and clumsily began thrusting up against her g-string crotch, hoping his penis would get hard, but it didn't.
"Don't worry lover," Susan consoled, "Just relax. Remember...the doctor said you need to relax and focus as the nerves are a little damaged, but we should still be able to make love."
Her husband nodded sadly.
"Here, relax and let Doctor Susan do the work here," Susan said softly, kissing her husband on the lips.
She raised herself off his crotch briefly and used one hand to grab the glans of his penis and push it against his stomach, while with her other hand used her index finger to pull her g-string to the side, exposing her slit while deliberately letting her fingertip run over her inner labia lips. Susan growled in anticipation as she then placed her exposed labia lips on top of her husband's soft member, pinning it in position. Her husband lecherously slid his hands along the outside of her thighs and grasped both of her buttocks, causing her to giggle. Then Susan began grinding her labia lips against the base of his soft penis, hoping to awaken her husband's sleeping member. After a few minutes of this, she tapped her husband's back, and he responded by bucking his hips up so his soft member would slide a little up and down her labia lips, adding to the motion of the pussy job. They continued in this position for a few moments, their breathing quickening, yet out of pace; Susan managed to moan a little but her husband was just growling out of frustration. Susan brought their faces together and gently pressed her mouth against his, nibbling on his mouth and cheeks, and whispering into his ear:
"Don't worry lover...Doctor Susan has this covered."
With that, Susan lifted one of her legs up off the bed and into her husband's arms, which he started to feel up and down. She spent at least an hour every other day keeping her legs in perfect sexiness; not thick and muscular, but slim and muscular enough so that no man could take their eyes off them. Enjoying the attention her husband Michael was giving to all her hard work, she put her other leg in his other arm, so he could enjoy her other thigh. Her legs wrapped around each other, her labia lips and g string firmly situated on her husband's soft penis, they began to buck their hips towards one another again, but so soft was her husband's shaft that when Susan pushed her clitoral hood onto his glans, it just pushed his glans closer to the base of his penis.
"Here...Doctor Susan prescribes this lover."
Susan then decided to try being creative and took her legs out of her husband's arms and lifted both her thighs against his chest; Michael got the hint and wrapped both arms tight around her lower back, so her knees were pinned by his shoulders. She wrapped her lower legs around his upper back and held onto his shoulders with her hands. She then used her legs and arms to pull her labia lips against her husband's frustratingly soft member, attempting to feel it in her inner labia to derive pleasure from it. Again, her husband began thrusting his hips up into her, but he was unable to get aroused from the pussy job. They continued this for a while, breathing heavily and growling with exhaustion; unsatisfied with the minimal sensations they both derived from his soft glans against her aroused labia.
Susan then tapped her husband on the shoulder, and he released her back so she could fall back onto their bed. She rolled to the side and decided to try something very kinky:
"Oh, poor baby..." she whispered at his penis, "Maybe you need Dr. Martin to take a look?"
Susan reached across with her hand and touched his flaccid member: "Relax little pecker because Dr. Martin is going to make you big and hard again." Then she became more aggressive with her stroking of her husband's member.
"Dr. Martin knows exactly what you need," Susan said, mischievously role-playing while stroking her husband, Michael; she suddenly felt his penis harden in her hand. She continued rubbing her hands around her husband's loins, grabbing his penis and teasing it with corny lines:
"Dr. Martin wants you over here..." she said, grabbing hold of his now-growing hard shaft and pulling her husband on top of her. Michael rolled between her legs, his now fully erect penis still in her hands, with his angry purple glans pointed lustfully at her vulva. Susan lay back on the bed and wrapped both her legs around his waist, and her husband thrust his penis into her hand, attempting to reach her labia lips. As he thrust into her hand, Susan felt his penis become very hard, and placed the glans on her clit, allowing his thrusting to stimulate it.
"Oooh...lover...Dr. Martin likes that. He likes it when you give me a pussy job," Susan said dreamily.
With that, she dragged his glans slowly along the length of her inner labia lips, putting slight pressure so they parted a bit. She then rubbed it up, pushing his glans into her inner labia between her lips, and rubbing it against her inner labia. At this point, both she and her husband were breathing heavily, and they were bucking their hips toward each other frequently, but awkwardly.
"Lover...Dr. Martin wants to feel your wife's labia," she teased, and Michael began thrusting a little deeper, his glans gliding up and down her inner labia until it got caught at the entrance to her vagina. This excited Susan and she bucked her hips up, easily taking his glans into her vaginal orifice, now that her husband Michael had a rock-solid erection.
"Ooh, lover...Dr. Martin wants to thrust into your wife now..." teased Susan, and her husband involuntarily began driving his now erect penis deep into her vagina. Susan cried out in joy and lifted her hips up to allow her husband to thrust deeper, and he grabbed her hips and began thrusting into her wildly.
Their quick breathing soon became synchronized, and Susan managed to time her hip motions with her husband's thrusting so they moved in a rhythm. This continued for a while and they both began growling and grunting at the same time; Susan knew that soon her husband would ejaculate into her. At the penultimate moment of their lovemaking, her husband began grunting upon each thrust into her, and Susan found herself crying out in ecstasy upon each thrust. It was then she felt her husband Michael's penis twitch inside her, and with one large grunt, he thrust as hard and as deep into her love tunnel as he could. Susan enjoyed the feel of his glans and penis on that final thrust and slammed her loins against her husband, throwing her head back and crying out in orgasmic relief.
At that exact moment, she felt some hot fluid leave her husband's glans and land at the bottom of her love canal, some seeping through her cervix. Then Michael slowly withdrew his erection a little, so his glans slid halfway out of her vagina, and then involuntarily slammed it back in as hard as he could, causing Susan to buck her hips wildly while crying out again, this time losing control of her reflexes and allowing her body to shudder violently as if her spine had been a tight wire that snapped. Again, she felt a little more semen ejaculate from her husband's penis and land on the bottom of her vagina. They repeated this orgasmic, rapid, and hard coitus five more times before Michael released Susan. Panting from exhaustion, Susan and her husband collapsed alongside each other.
"Well...the Doctor Martin role-playing fantasy consistently gets you going," Susan observed matter-of-factly.
They both started to giggle.
"Maybe we should invite him here to join in so we can make babies?" suggested Susan as she elbowed her husband teasingly.
"Not a bad idea actually.
We owe him and he seems like a real gentleman. Plus, I might need it," Michael confessed softly, ashamed at his semi-impotence.
"It's OK lover...I would never cheat on you," Susan reassured her husband, turning to look him straight in the eyes, with her angelic face semi-covered by long flowing blonde hair.
She had the face of a supermodel; it stopped the bully and now it just shone hope into her husband, so much so that they pulled each other close and began kissing.
They were interrupted by some buzzing on Susan's iPhone, as someone had just sent her a text message.
"Well, what do you know," giggled Susan, "Doctor Martin just sent us a message."
"You gave him your number?" asked her husband incredulously.
"I gave him both our numbers," Susan responded, "because I wanted to keep in touch in case those bullies pressed charges."
"What? They were sexually assaulting you!" shouted out her husband, and he sat up on the bed, angry at first, then calmed by the sight of her beautiful naked perfection.
"Ends up the bully I gave the breathing problem to was an up-and-coming star linebacker who was just picked by our local NFL team even before he graduated college. The NFL team and his parents phoned the police after you were taken to the hospital and threatened to press charges against me.
So, I asked Martin to keep in touch in case we needed him as a witness. See...that's why he messaged me just now," Susan stated, handing her iPhone to her husband Michael to see for himself.
"Thank God. So, Martin submitted his written testimony today to the police," Michael responded, scrolling through the series of texts from Martin. Curiously, Michael checked his iPhone messages:
"He sent the exact same updates to me! Wow...we owe him a lot."
"That's what I was thinking," replied Susan.
"And I cannot believe he was so thorough to also notify me," her husband observed.
"Why not? He wants us to not worry," Susan responded.
"I know..." her husband Michael responded, "but typically most guys are only interested in getting your phone number."
They both began laughing uncontrollably for a moment.
"You know what?" Susan asked, the wheels in her head turning: "I think there is a way we can thank him, and help ourselves at the same time too."
Michael just looked at her with curiosity and interest, eyebrows raised.
Susan got up from bed, completely naked, and walked over and picked up her iPhone, texting quickly into it, then turning to her husband:
"Hurry up and get dressed.
We're meeting him in thirty minutes at his apartment and taking him out for lunch."
"Lunch is a nice way to thank him, but how does that help us?" her husband asked, confused.
"Just hurry. I'll explain on the way," responded Susan, smiling at her husband. She grabbed a brush and began getting her messed-up blonde locks back into perfect form.
After fixing her hair, she grabbed a matching pair of white bra and full cotton panties, put them on, and entered her walk-in closet to search for something to wear. She had a plan in mind, and it leaned heavily on her being dressed appropriately for the lunch, yet impressed. She turned around and found a nice beach party dress with Brazilian paintings on it; she held it against her and looked in the mirror, distracted for a moment by her long-toned legs, her flat stomach, lean fit athletic torso with full, firm breasts, and the face of a supermodel, wrapped in straight golden long blonde hair. If anything, her modest bra and panties ruined the sight. Susan then shifted her attention back to the dress, confirming the hem ended up two-thirds above her knee, leaving plenty of her toned thighs on display. Perfect, she thought, and she put it on and relished that it was tight enough for people to see how lean and fit she was.
She was awoken from her narcissistic trance by a firm hand feeling her firm, tight buttocks through her dress. She smiled to herself, knowing how predictable her husband's foreplay was that she even recognized him by how he grabbed her. Turning towards him, Susan opened her mouth and pressed against his, allowing their tongues to dance for a while. Backing off for air, she admired her husband in a short sleeve polo shirt and shorts.
This was going to be a fun lunch date.
Holding hands, they quickly walked to the garage door entrance to the house, where Susan selected a pair of heeled sandals to make her toned calves stand out, and got into their Mercedes Benz. Her husband Michael got into the driver's seat, opened the garage door, started the car, and drove them out, while she armed the home alarm from her iPhone. As they drove away, Susan crossed her right leg over her left, and her dress slid back revealing more thigh, which did not go unnoticed by her husband. As they drove towards the local university, Michael's right hand found its way to her right knee and felt down the top of her lower leg as far as he could reach, then slid down to her inner leg, and slowly began feeling up.
"So, what's your plan?" he asked Susan.
"Well...seems like we need Martin to help get your mojo back," replied Susan, "so we get what we need."
"You mean to bring him into our bedroom to role-play with us?" asked her husband as his hand slowly slid past her knee, fingertips now on her inner thigh.
"Yes," replied Susan, leaning to the left a little, her left hand stretched over to her husband's groin and exploring on top of his shorts:
"But not so fast," she continued. "We need to break him in. Seduce him."
"You are wicked!" responded Michael. Her hand felt some hardness growing in his shorts.
"I'm doing this for us!" laughed Susan, "But for now, I want to get him to date me, and get him used to checking me out...just the two of us first. But he should know you approve, don't you?"
"Hell yes! Anything to help get a boner to put in my wife, the most beautiful woman on this planet!" responded Michael happily. His wife felt his erection grow a little more in his pants, and his fingertips finally reach up her inner right thigh to make contact with her panties.
"Not anything...I wouldn't feel comfortable if we brought an alpha male super-hot stud into our marriage...I don't think the thought of him cuckolding you would turn either of us on.
Martin's the safe choice...the meek, considerate, reliable beta," Susan mused aloud, as her husband's finger motions along her panties stopped to consider as well. "Plus, Martin is east Asian, so he won't be overconfident or aggressive with me or you. Most women consider them the least attractive, so they will have low confidence and be very easy for us to control. Well, either of us could beat the shit out of him if we wanted to."
"You're right," responded Michael, his hand still on his wife Susan's thigh, but motionless due to deep thought. "Martin is definitely the right guy for us. He'll always be second in our marriage."
"Good, then let's try to release a bit because we're almost there," Susan responded, rubbing the hardness in his shorts, causing her husband to thrust up into her hand, while his fingertips found her clitoris and the top of her labia lips, rubbing them, which caused her to grind her crotch more into his fingertips. They continued this simple foreplay until they turned into the parkway leading to the student apartments, abruptly stopping their fondling to hide signs of their arousal from the general public. After some driving, they found Martin waiting for them, dressed respectably in a short-sleeved shirt and shorts, at a street corner. This was the first time they noticed he actually wore glasses, adding more nerdiness to his look.
"And he's definitely a virgin," remarked Susan, causing her and her husband to giggle for a moment, "so no STDs."
After parking, they walked over and greeted their friend with a hug; Susan being sure to hold a bit longer and closer than usual. It must have been quite a sight for the university students walking nearby: the tall super beautiful blonde hugging a shorter, less-than-average-looking east Asian nerdy medical student. Susan wanted to take her time so she wrapped her arm around her husband to slow his pacing. They walked in front of Martin, with Susan adding extra sway to her hips to hopefully keep him focused on her athletic butt and legs. Well, having gotten used to so many men constantly staring at her, she knew Martin was peeking at her assets from time to time, but not as aggressively or as blatantly as she would like.
Susan deliberately took her time walking down the avenue that led to the university campus, making sure Martin was appreciating her legs and buttocks as he obediently followed her and her husband like a loyal puppy dog, desperate for its master's attention. The problem being, as always, every male student along that street noticed her and they just stared and drooled at her; she noticed a few bulges forming in some of their shorts as well. She quickened her pace, realizing if she got into another fight, she would likely end up in jail, as their lawyer had informed them that the family of the harasser with the permanently damaged throat had obtained legal counsel and were pushing the District Attorney to press charges. Realizing the attention, she quickened her pace, dragging her husband with her, and forcing Martin to chase after them humorously.
Soon they reached their destination, the swanky and expensive gourmet restaurant halfway between the university and the city. Michael had picked it because of the great-tasting food and its staff of gorgeous waitresses; Susan agreed because the atmosphere was dark and she would be able to get away with showing off her legs to their guests without getting into trouble with the restaurant bouncers or the law. After checking in to claim their reservation, a tall leggy gorgeous black woman arrived at the front reception, eying Susan's alpha male hunk of a husband up and down lecherously, before slowly taking them to their table.
Michael had paid a large surcharge to secure a spot in the lounge hidden in the back that would provide much more privacy for some exhibitionism; Susan wanted Martin to have sole viewership rights over her this lunch date.
The sexy waitress finally took them up the circular staircase to the upper floor, and after multiple over-the-shoulder glances at Susan's husband, to the section which had a darker, soft rock ambiance than the rest of the restaurant. Each sitting area was a reasonably sized cylinder-shaped semi-private cubicle, with a circular leather couch, and in the center, several small bar tables; this allowed guests to see everything going on in their little lounge area, and the little entrance made it difficult for others to see what was going on inside. The waitress then placed their menus on a corner lounge spot and motioned with her hand for them to enter.
First Martin went in, expertly navigating the narrow entrance to sit on one side of the couch, a little bit from the center, exchanging nods with the waitress as he sat; Susan noted that likely Martin had been here before, which meant his family was likely paying his way through this private university's medical program.
Before her husband could take the lead in typical alpha male fashion, Susan cut in front and sat a little away from the center and Martin, so he could get a full view of her, followed by Michael, who slid in right next to her and put his left arm around her shoulders, allowing her to lean back into him. This was turning out better than expected, Susan thought, as she was now able to use her husband's body as support for the performance she was planning for Martin.
When the waitress returned and took their drink orders, Susan noted that Martin refused all alcoholic beverages, and did the same, opting for sparkling water over a cocktail.
Her husband Michael then told the waitress to tell the chef to decide their meal for them; this would be the most expensive choice, and they wanted at least to give their guest a good meal, plus not have Martin waste time staring at a menu. Martin very politely thanked them right away, so this confirmed to Susan he was definitely from a wealthy family similar to theirs.
Soon Michael began to make small talk with Martin, and despite them being total opposites, a tall Caucasian sexy alpha male and a tiny Asian beta male nerd, the conversation flowed naturally, and the two discovered some similarities with each other, despite some nervousness from their very shy guest, likely intimidated that the handsome specimen that was her husband was also a world-famous neurology surgeon and a former naval officer.
Martin was also a naval reservist, enlisted by his parents to learn discipline, but had yet to decide which medical specialty he should apply for. It was during this boring male shoptalk that Susan then decided to begin her show and casually crossed her left leg over her right, causing her dress hem to ride a little up, but giving Martin an unobstructed and perfect view of her right inner leg. Casually wiggling her right foot to make sure Martin was focused on her, she smiled at her husband and pretended to just be listening to their discussion. Martin was fascinated with Michael's experiences in providing battlefield surgery, but couldn't help but peek at Susan's perfectly toned long legs every few seconds.
When the first course arrived, Martin had already started talking more about his life; predictably, he didn't have many friends and no mention of women either. However, Susan felt this would be the perfect opportunity to feign interest in his life, plus enthrall Martin into her, and she turned to face him, smiling while sliding both her knees onto the lounge, keeping her legs crossed to not flash her panties at him. She was now kneeling on the couch facing their young guest. She smiled confidently as Martin's eyes went to the hem of her beach party dress, and followed her thighs up to her knees, then back down her lower legs; her eyes also checked the front of Martin's shorts and detected a small bulge forming.
She shifted her knees a little and saw Martin's eyes following them, which confirmed to her that she had cast a partial spell of control over him. She decided to ask a very personal, and possibly offensive question to Martin to test the effect of her spell:
"Martin, you told us your family immigrated here. So where exactly did you immigrate from?"
"Hong Kong. We are all Chinese, but I was born here, which is why I don't have an accent," Martin replied honestly, wide-eyed and trying to look her in the eyes, but constantly getting distracted by her legs.
Perfect, thought Susan, but Martin certainly had stronger discipline than her husband; Michael couldn't keep his eyes off her legs when they first met. Or her cleavage for that matter. Susan was impressed.
She then asked some more personal questions to ensure she had full control over Martin, once in a while touching her legs to distract his thoughts; Martin stumbled over his words on each touch. Noticing she didn't have time to eat, her husband used one hand to feed her, while the hand around her shoulder casually slid down her arm and over her dress to her knee, where he began to fondle her knee and lower leg. Susan admitted to herself that she was one hot trophy wife, as even her husband couldn't keep his hands off her for long, but that passion had slowed down substantially after his injury from the fight outside the other restaurant. Perhaps Martin's presence was helping? To be sure, she subtly reached behind her and felt the growing bulge in her husband's pants.
Susan wasn't sure if Michael knew it or not, but his subconscious fondling of his wife was really exciting Martin. Their young guest immediately had an erection in his shorts, and as Michael's hands slid up her thigh, raising her dress hem and exposing more thigh, Martin's erection also grew in size and fierceness. Good, thought Susan, as she knew that Martin's erection was a public declaration of his fealty towards her. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to Martin, her husband's member was also responding to the torrid exhibitionism occurring.
As they finished their meal, Michael's hand began slowly rising up her thigh, exposing more to their guest, so much so that Susan was afraid the men wouldn't be able to calm their angry erections before they had to leave the table. She quickly sat up and put both her feet on the ground, then adjusted her dress hem down, to reduce the distraction to her husband and target. Thankfully this caused her husband's hardness to quickly go away; this probably was also due to the injuries he sustained while defending her, Susan thought. She changed the subject to talk about her husband's side business of making educational films for medical students, hoping the subject was less interesting than her legs and thus would end Martin's hardness. After a while, both their erections had subsided enough so they could get up and walk away without embarrassment.
After lunch, Susan and Michael escorted Martin back to his apartment complex. Michael first shook hands with him, then grabbed him in for a quick long-distance hug. While this happened, Susan noticed a bulge in Martin's pants, likely from him observing her firm buttocks and legs while walking back. Susan then just forcefully grabbed Martin and pulled him close, and felt his hardness press at her inner labia lips through her panties and dress; it felt good to her, likely because of their connection formed from fighting off the harassers together and their recent lunch conversation. She purposely held him tight so he couldn't escape, and he involuntarily poked his erection up once, which helped relieve some tension in her labia, before she let him go. She didn't want to scare him off, but she wanted to give him a goodbye hug that would make him want to see her again.
Susan and Michael returned to their car and as they drove away, Susan turned in her seat and placed both her legs across her husband's lap, encountering a growing erection in his pants.
She reached over and felt for his glans, and started to play with it through his pants.
"I see someone had a lot of fun today," she mused seductively.
"Just knowing Martin couldn't keep his eyes off you was somehow a real turn-on," Michael replied.
"Is that why you felt my legs up in front of him?" she inquired.
"Yeah...I was hoping he was watching..." replied her husband.
"Oh, he was, stud. He couldn't keep his eyes off of me...and he got excited like this too," and with that, Susan expertly unbuckled her husband's belt, then unbuttoned and unzipped his shorts like an expert. Her hand dove quickly into the opening in his boxers and pulled out his growing member, stroking it roughly. She continued her teasing:
"It was so hot, seeing his cock push his shorts out while watching you feel up my legs," whispered Susan, as she started rubbing her husband's glans with her thumb. Meanwhile, her husband had put one hand on her lower leg across his lap, and felt up and managed to feel over her knee and up her thigh until his fingers reached just under her dress hemline. Susan continued her teasing:
"He was excited from watching me walk back to our car too, stud. He was still hard when he hugged me."
Susan felt her husband's hands slide over to her other leg and begin to caress her thigh, down to her knee, as she stroked his continually hardening erection. Michael's hand then began to slide down her outer thigh and knee, back to her lower legs on his lap. It was then she noticed that their breathing had increased in pace, and at the same pace too; more proof that the Martin fantasy was working.
"And when I pulled him in tight, he couldn't help but push his hard-on into me," she smiled.
Michael's hand slid between her legs and started traveling up to her inner knees.
"I felt his tip press against the top of my labia through my dress and panties. It felt so hot," she looked lovingly at her husband, who then reached deep between her thighs, but could not get to her panties. Susan giggled at his predicament.
Michael suddenly turned off the way home and took them into an empty parking lot, confirming to Susan that the Martin fantasy was successful in getting him right where she wanted him to be. Luckily, she was ovulating at this time, so her husband had a very good chance of impregnating her, which was what they both wanted. When the car stopped at the very end, nearby some trees and out of sight of the main road, he quickly put a sun blocker on the rear window just in case anyone drove by.
Susan then used her lever to recline the back of her seat all the way against the back seat, and her husband quickly opened the door; it was then they both noticed Michael was so excited that he forgot to zip up his shorts. After a brief giggle, her husband kicked off his shoes and tossed them on the floor of the driver's seat, then pulled down his shorts and boxers and climbed into the passenger side on top of his wife, and shut the door.
With one hand, Susan grabbed her husband's neck and pulled him in for tongue touching, and the other took hold of his erection and continued to stimulate his glans to keep him hard. Meanwhile, her husband had reached under her dress and pulled her panties up her thighs, but her legs were spread too apart by his body. He backed up so that she could close her legs, and he pulled her panties over her knees and off of her. Before he could get back to her Susan quickly closed her legs so her lower legs pressed his torso against the dashboard, and with her hands pulled off her husband's top; he was now completely naked with her.
She then spread her legs and Michael got in between them and started kissing her, and she, realizing time was short, she reached under and grabbed his erection. Her husband bucked his hips up involuntarily, bringing his loins closer to hers. She then pressed the glans of his hard penis against her clitoris, and rubbed it down against her inner labia lips, coating it with some of her excitement. Then back up again, pushing apart her labia lips and using his glans to rub her inner labia. They then realized they were grunting and groaning, and their hips were moving involuntarily in a rhythm with this motion.
After a few more cycles of this, she pushed his glans into her vaginal opening, and with precision and control, her husband carefully pushed his erection deep into her. At first, he started at a medium pace, but once Susan started bucking her hips to help him thrust deeper into her, Michael began thrusting into her at a frenzied pace. He thrust hard into her, trying to go deeper each time, and held her knees up to give him deeper penetration and more sensation, and continued thrusting into her in earnest. At this point, their breathing, grunting, and groaning were in rhythm, and they were completely oblivious to their surroundings.
Still not reaching orgasm, Susan felt Michael grab her legs and place the back of her knees against his shoulders, and she cried out in ecstasy at the extra depth his thrusting made.
She felt her husband's thrusting rhythm increase even more, and she cried out "Yes!"
At this point her husband was like a wild animal, pumping her so hard that he didn't even realize he had pushed her up the seat; he grabbed her shoulders and thrust into her as hard as he could, causing them to violently roll off the seat, then hit the back seat, then roll onto the floor, so that now Susan was on top. Regardless of the intense gymnastics, her husband kept thrusting up from the floor and pushing down hard on her shoulders, and her groaning and moaning grew louder. To keep her balance, she put one arm on the back seat, the other holding the driver's seat.
Suddenly Michael thrust hard up while she was pushing herself up, and the combined momentum literally had Michael thrust her back onto the back seat, knees pinned to his shoulders. Susan moaned in delight as her husband thrust hard, fast, and deep into her, his hands starting to roam her toned thighs to keep his arousal and erection up.
To assist him, Susan wrapped her lower legs around his shoulder blades and used her legs to enhance the up-and-down motion of her love tunnel around his erection. After a few cycles of this, she felt her husband's hardness twitch inside her.
Michael then cried out loud and slammed his penis deep and up into her vagina, and she felt some warm semen hit the top of her vagina and cervix. Then another involuntary deep thrust into her, and some more ejaculation.
As this continued, she felt as if something had been released in her and she cried out in ecstasy as her body began involuntarily shaking with orgasmic waves washing over her. For a moment, as they basked in their orgasmic bliss, their natural convulsions continued in rhythm, creating a beautiful harmony that allowed them to catch their breath a little.
As the post-coital bliss subsided, Michael rolled onto the back seat beside Susan, and she let her lifeless legs drop off his shoulders and onto the floor. They sat together for a minute, regaining their composure, and kissed lovingly. Susan looked her husband in the eyes and whispered between breaths:
"That was beautiful."
"It sure was," her husband Michael replied, still breathless, eyes hoping for more, but Susan noticed that any blood still in his member was consistently leaving, allowing it to soften.
"I'm too tired to dress.
Let me lie down so I don't lose any of your sperm," said Susan and she quickly lay down on the back seat, legs over Michael, who had reached behind her to remove the sunscreen.
"We're still alone...I'll drive us home. It isn't far and generally a secluded trip," her husband stated. He then got out of the car fully nude, sat in the driver's seat, and started slowly taking them home. Susan noticed that he took several peeks in the rearview mirror to admire the beautiful naked goddess lying in his back seat, long toned legs outstretched, firm flat and toned upper torso in clear view, and perfect face somewhat covered by long shoulder-length strands of golden blonde hair that reflected the sunlight. She used to do fitness and lingerie modeling and worked hard every time to stay in perfect model shape.
As they drove through the secluded side roads, Susan, still lying flat on her back on the rear seat bench. Put her left leg on a back seat headrest, to tilt her vagina downwards to ensure all her husband's sperm wouldn't have to fight gravity to reach her womb. This had the intended effect of causing Michael to check her fit, slim and toned thigh out in the rearview mirror, but she noticed that his penis didn't react.
Concerned, Susan put her other leg through the gap between the two front seats and rested her leg on his, stretching her foot and toes down until they touched the base of his now flaccid member.
She then began trying to play with her husband's soft shaft with her toes, and frustrated by the lack of response, called out to him:
"Don't get lazy mister.
Start feeling my leg up," she commanded, hoping that the sensations created by her firm, smooth flesh would get her husband erect again.
Susan saw her husband smile in the rearview mirror, and on cue, put his hand on the top of her leg and felt up over her knee to the base of her thigh, all while steering the car with one hand. He then slid his hand down the outside of her thigh and back to her lower leg, and Susan moaned to indicate she was enjoying the attention. Then again, he slowly slid his hand up, this time her inner leg, as she started rubbing his soft shaft furiously with her toes. Michael managed to make it to the bottom of her inner thigh, causing Susan to grunt primally, but he could not get his own penis hard.
After some more playing, the car reached the entrance to their gated community of mansions, and Susan realized that the way her legs were spread as she lay on the back seat would give the security guard a clear display of all her glory. Although she noticed that her husband deliberately took the entrance furthest away from the gate, using his remote opener to open it from afar and drive through quickly, she was sure the guard noticed her feet and leg across Michael's lap; the guard would have even noticed her husband without his top on.
They finally pulled into their garage, with Susan still trying desperately to get her husband hard without Martin, but her efforts were clearly futile. However, as the garage door closed behind them, she decided to give it one last attempt. As her husband got out of the car, he carefully moved her leg from his lap and placed it back on the rear seat. He then walked and opened the passenger door, and she became hopeful, seeing his eyes widen at the sight of her naked beauty spread out for his pleasure. However, a quick check of his loins showed no indication of an erection forming. Her husband offered his hand to pull her up.
Instead, Susan lifted both her feet and smiled. Michael must have figured out what she wanted as he put an arm around each leg, sliding them down slowly to enjoy the feel until he gripped her hips and carefully pulled her towards him. As she glided across the seat towards her husband, she wrapped her legs around his waist and held on as he grabbed her waist and pulled her out of the car, attempting to get her upright against his chest.
Luckily, they were a wealthy couple, with a large garage with plenty of space, which allowed Susan to leave her arms hanging behind her as her husband removed her from the car.
Realizing she wanted to remain parallel to the floor, he wrapped one arm around her lower back to protect it, and the other slid up the side of her body and held the upper back. Susan then tightened the grip her legs had on his waist and lower back, so her vulva was now in direct contact with his loins. As her husband pulled her into this awkward position, she let her arms hang back in case she had to use them to break a fall, and she used her legs and hips to rub her inner labia lips against his soft member.
"Isn't there an easier way to do this?" asked Michael, giggling.
"Don't you want to be adventurous?" responded Susan playfully, then she added, "And I want to give all your sperm enough time to leak from my cervix into my womb." That was the honest truth, but she also wanted to improvise on her predicament to create some fun for her husband. She bucked her hips harder and up and down his soft penis, using her legs to give added motion; despite the distraction in his loins, her husband was unable to harden, but able to bring her into the house and onto the nearest couch.
Exhausted and panting for breath, Susan released her leg lock of her husband and put her legs up on the couch armrest to ensure the downward flow of Michael's semen into her womb.
However, she felt very sorry for her husband and what the injury from the fight had done to their marriage.
Despite the lack of physical damage, the psychological damage to their intimacy was evident.
As this happened, her husband returned to the car to fetch their clothes, and when he returned, he was smiling like a kid in the toy store.
"I got great news from our lawyer," Michael said, "Ends up the family of that pervert whose pro ball career you ended decided to drop their lawsuits."
"That's great! What happened?" inquired Susan.
Michael continued, "What happened first, and this racist bullshit will really fire you up, but the family tried to pin the blame on Martin..."
"What the fuck?!?!" interrupted Susan. Her husband knew her well. She was really angry and fired up at this point, and could feel her fists clenching involuntarily.
Michael shook his head angrily, "so they dug up some news articles about how Asian men like Martin are deemed the least attractive on dating sights, and claimed he was stalking you and just tried to frame their good little boy as a pervert, and that you fell for this trick."
"Those assholes! What did our lawyer do?" she inquired.
"Well, at that point, Martin called his parents and they called the restaurant. Ends up his family knew the owners, and they found the security footage of the entire incident, along with audio," answered Michael, "so they hit that family with a lawsuit for false accusation. Facing the extra evidence, the pervert's family settled out of court with Martin's family, and their asshole son pleaded guilty to a lesser charge."
"Figures...takes asshole parents to bring asshole children into this world," Susan noted, still fuming by the twisted attack on their savior and friend. Likely they looked around and saw that most Asian men were not as appreciated by women, given the number of Asian women that got into interracial relationships and wanted to stick a knife into Martin's emotions to scare him into backing off.
"One last thing," her husband cautioned, "our lawyer said the police agreed not to press charges against you, so long as you don't get into another fight again."
A few days later, Susan took a pregnancy test, and to her disappointment, no happy face appeared.
However, she was actually elated, as that meant they still needed Martin, and she wanted to give him a proper thank you for standing by them through this difficult incident. She took out some paper and started brainstorming on how she was going to get him involved in their most intimate marital moments...