My husband and I had not been married long and touching and getting carried away on the couch had become a common evening activity. We had begun exploring the excitement of exhibitionism playing around in movies and engaging in petting sessions in parking lots. My husband knew that a few caresses of my 38DD breasts with his hands and tongue followed by hot, wet kisses on my lips and neck, and I was there. By "there" I mean the point where all I can think about is him touching me, sucking me, fucking me, and being completely lost in the moment. The concern about where we are or who is around completely escapes my mind in that moment; the only thing I can think of is sexual release.
This particular evening, we were sitting on the couch in our apartment watching television, so I was in my comfortable clothes which consisted of sweatpants, an old, oversized t-shirt, and typical bra and panties. As we watched, I leaned over on his shoulder and reached between my husband's legs to put my hand on his crotch. I began by slowly caressing him outside his shorts, but quickly progressed to stroking inside his shorts and found him getting rock hard. This began a heavy petting session alternating between the two of us. As things got hotter, my husband, wanting to push the envelope, decided to take me out of my comfort zone. He stood up from the couch, took me by the hand, and lead me towards the front door of the apartment. "What are you doing?" I asked nervously.
"Come on," he commanded in a soft, deep voice, "you'll see." As we passed the kitchen counter, he grabbed our camera off the bar with his other hand while still not letting go of my hand. We moved down the entrance hallway, briefly paused at the front door while he glanced back at me, and then proceeded to open the door. Astonished I simply followed as he led me out of the apartment and onto the exposed breezeway third-floor landing between our apartment and the three others on our floor. As we walked onto the public landing I began to nervously look at my clothes to determine their state of disarray from our petting session. My sweatpants were sitting a little low on my hips and my t-shirt was caught slightly on one of my large breasts, leaving it pulled up on one side and showing off my stomach. I shrugged so it would fall back into place and was thankful it was oversized realizing that it provided me with much cover over most of my body.
It was early evening around 9:00 PM on a Thursday night, so there was still plenty of activity at the apartment complex. In the parking lot below, there were people coming and going in their cars. Our neighbor living in the apartment directly across from us kept nonroutine hours, so we were never sure when he might come and go. I did not know if he was currently home or might arrive home at any time. Regardless, I was nervous which I had recently learned at the movie theaters was also a tremendous source of excitement. The potential of getting caught doing something we were not supposed to be doing was a turn on and I knew it definitely was for my husband.
Once we got outside to the landing, he told me to lean back against the rail with my back to the parking lot and to pose for a picture. I briefly protested given my laid-back appearance, but eventually relented and paused with a nervous smile. I knew where this was likely headed. After snapping a few pictures, he said, show me those gorgeous, big breasts. I again smiled and lifted my shirt and gently touched my nipples through my bra. Just as I expected they were already erect with excitement. CLICK, CLICK. He then demanded, "now, turn around and face the parking lot," as he moved to the side to be able to take pictures from this view.
"No," I unconvincingly exclaimed by shaking my head. My mind was racing as I was evaluating the risk. He came closer and put his warm mouth on my neck and began kissing it softly. At the same time, he slid his hand into my sweatpants and then into my silk panties and stroked my clit. "It is so wet," he informed me, and continued, "your body likes this. Do it just for a second."
Realizing that I still was covered and I could easily pull my shirt back down if I saw someone, I turned looking beyond the cars while I heard additional CLICKS from the camera. "That is so hot," he exclaimed breathlessly.
Before I could turn around, he again moved behind me and pressed his body against mine. He cupped his hands on both breasts covered in my bra and massaged them. To this day, that position turns me on quickly. Something about feeling his hard body pushing against me from behind while his hands caress up and down my breasts is almost overwhelming to me. As he leaned in closer, I could feel his hard cock press up against my ass. He kissed my neck and gently turned my face towards him to kiss my mouth. At this point I was "there" - no longer paying any attention to where I was or anything else. I was just in the moment and wanted more.
As we continued to kiss, I slid my hand down into the elastic band on his shorts and began to rub his hard cock. He was wearing athletic shorts that allowed access to my hand by reaching down through the waistband. He must have been lost in the moment as well because his cock was incredibly hard. I began to stroke his cock, determined to make him moan as well and shortly his shorts began sliding down his hips slightly leaving the head of hard cock exposed to the evening air. With the camera hanging from the strap around his neck, he had both hands available to work on me. As his right hand continued stroking from one breast then to the next through my bra, he reached down with his left hand and found my wet pussy again. We both could hear how wet it was as he began fucking me with two fingers faster and faster.
His right hand left my breasts, moved behind my back, and reached the clasp of my bra. Immediately he unclasped it allowing him more access to breasts. His right hand came back around to the front of my body and pulled both of the cups of my bra over my breasts until my tits were hanging free in my oversized t-shirt. He began alternatively caressing each breast and then began pinching my nipples. This whole time, as his hand moved from one breast to the other, my tits would become exposed momentarily to anyone that may be around before his movements would allow the t-shirt to fall back into place covering them once more. Additionally his left hand working on my pussy caused my sweatpants and panties to slip lower and lower on my hips until the top of my groomed bush was showing.
I was now beyond stopping. "Fuck me," I begged. His smile convinced me of his interest, so I pulled down his shorts and underwear and they fell around his feet. I began stroking his now nude, hard cock while he reached down and removed my sweatpants and panties simultaneously with one quick pull. We both stood there in only our shirts and he turned me back around facing the parking lot so he could gain access to my pussy from behind. With my oversized t-shirt that hung down long it still appeared that I might have some type of dress on to anyone that gave a quick glance our direction.
I scanned the parking lot below looking for anyone that might have noticed our play as he slid his hard, thick cock inside my wet pussy. He held me by the shoulders facing the parking lot to ensure that I would be seen by anyone passing by. I had bent over a bit to allow for better penetration but once he was securely in the right spot, he grabbed my shoulders and pulled me back upright. He reached around to stroke my nipples under my shirt which caused it to be pulled up so the lower half of my body was now exposed to anyone that passing by down below or coming up the stairs onto our third-floor landing. His pace quickened and I was completely lost in the moment.
I heard the rhythmic sound of his pelvis slapping up against my bare ass and could tell that he too was getting close to coming. Suddenly I felt his hands come off my shoulders, grab the bottom of my shirt, and begin to lift it up and off my body. "Honey, no," I said, but we both knew there was little resistance in my words. My heart rate rose steadily as I felt the shirt continue to rise up over my stomach and up my torso. As he continued up with my shirt, he gathered my unclasped bra in his hands lifting both my shirt and bra over my head and said, "raise your arms." I complied and he pulled my remaining clothes over my outstretched hands. I was now standing completely nude on the third-floor apartment landing facing the parking lot through the metal banister getting fucked from behind. I looked back at my husband and was surprised to see him toss the clothes he had just removed from me out of my reach by our apartment door.
The excitement of our exhibition, the cock in my pussy, and stroking of his fingers over my nipples, caused my orgasm to build until finally... "Oh my ... oh sh*t," I said more loudly than I intended. He too released and grunted as he pounded his cock into my soaking wet pussy a few more times.
Once we both came back down, I looked back at him and said, "you're crazy." We quickly gathered our stuff and headed into our apartment. That was one of our earliest public sex experiences, but it still turns me on thinking about it many years later.