Hello everyone, Tonya here to tell my part of this tale of debauchery.
Please allow me a few minutes to get everyone caught up....
This tale started when Lanie, my husband's sister dropped a cryptic hint at lunch one day about my husband possibly having a "thing" for my dirty panties. She wasn't able to go into any detail when she told me, as her mother and yes you guessed it, my mother in law was coming back from a bathroom break.
I was surprised, when she said it and I thought it was a little weird and gross, but I was more intrigued than angry about it. I defiantly wanted to know more about it.
Unfortunately, Lanie didn't give me any real answers after Sharon (her mom, my mother in law) left.
All she would tell me was that she'd caught Chris masturbating while sniffing a pair of her underwear one day. Lanie being Lanie said she didn't have a problem with it and that she'd even loaned him pairs from time to time.
While I was shocked by what Lanie told me, I wasn't at the freaking out, wanting to leave my husband stage. I was well aware that everybody has one or more kinks that get them off...I have/had a few myself, that you'll probably be hearing about later. The biggest problem I had about it was that he'd never told me about it.
How someone could get off on sniffing a pair of used panties did kind of boggle my mind. Growing up I was a soccer player. I was good enough for a scholarship to the college that Chris and I went to and played all four years. I had a roommate who was also on the team, so the scent of sweaty, grungy clothing lying around the bathroom is something I am very familiar with.
Someone wanting to sniff the same panties I'd just peeled away from my sweaty crotch as they whacked off just didn't compute in my brain.
Couple that with I am or I guess was, really straight. No interest in having sex with another girl what so ever.
Now as I said, everyone has their kinks, my two, absolute knee bucklers, are being naked and anything to do with masturbation.
The being naked part is pretty straight forward. Any chance I get, my clothes are coming off.
I know that, on the surface just makes me a nudist, but the difference for me is it's totally a sexual thing. Yes I feel more comfortable naked, but when I hear the old chant of "Nudism isn't sexual" I always want to retort; "Oh yeah, well tell that to my pussy!"
I also love being naked around people. If I'm near a pool or lake and someone mentions skinny dipping, I'm usually the first one naked. When I'm in the locker room, I'm the last one to get dressed.
Back in college it was always a thrill to be standing around a bunch of clothed girls, totally nude while they'd already gotten dressed and were ready to go.
An even bigger thrill was someone walking in on me or catching me naked.
The first time I got caught by someone who wasn't family, was right after high school graduation.
I had taken to sunbathing totally naked by the pool. At that point, I'd been caught, on separate occasions by both of my parents. Both times, I'd fallen asleep and they'd found me.
It happened with Mom first. She was cool about it. All she told me was to make sure Dad didn't catch me like that, before going back inside.
Even though it was just my mother, being caught gave my pussy that certain tingle that could only be quelled by putting my hand between my legs and rubbing my hard little clit until I came.
'Yeah that's what you need," my inner voice told me. 'Mom catching you naked, jilling by the pool.'
Soon it became nagging thoughts.
I could probably get away with it.
Of course if Mom came back outside, she'd see me rubbing away.
That would be kind of a turn on.
But it's your Mother, you dizzy twat.
I know, but it would be totally hot.
I don't care! I'm going to do it.
Before I could chicken out, I brought my feet up until my soles were touching, spread my knees wide and slid my middle finger deep inside my...how was it put earlier?...ginger fringed pussy.
Finger fucking myself, outside, legs spread, facing the back door to our house where if my mother came out, there would be no mistaking what I was doing, was the biggest turn on I'd ever experienced.
I closed my eyes and lost myself in that fantasy as my fingers found my swollen clit. I pictured her walking out, seeing my hand between my legs, rubbing myself. Me not noticing or hearing her approach, until I finally open my eyes and see her standing in front of me. Making eye contact with her, my pussy clenching and throbbing as my climax rippled through my body.
My real life orgasm timed itself perfectly with my fantasy one.
Risky masturbation felt really good, so good I continued to rub my tingling clit until I came a second time.
I'd been on my stomach when my father caught me.
"Tonya, are you asleep?" Dad's voice pulled me from dreamland.
From where his voice came from, I could tell he was right behind me, looking at my naked bum.
I wanted...No needed to show him more.
"Um yeah," I mumbled, raising my hips, downward dog style, in an awkward way of getting up. "Sorry I lost track of time, I'll put something on."
Once again I felt that tingle between my legs, knowing my father was staring directly at my pussy and, I guess we'll say, ginger fringed butt hole.
"No need, I'm going back inside," he told me. "I don't mind you sunning nude. Just make sure the neighbors don't catch you."
Still face down, my fingers were a blur between my legs, teasing and rubbing my clit to two more wonderful orgasms, as soon as I heard the back door closed.
Later that night, I jilled off another two times to the sounds of the bed creaking and my parents moaning as they went at it like teenagers.
I'm not sure if my parents enjoyed, were ambivalent about it or just tolerated my new found love for showing off, but after Dad caught me I found myself worrying less about making sure I was covered up.
My around the house evening wear had always been an oversize tee shirt and a pair of cotton, butt covering bikini panties. I still wore those, but some evenings I would mix it up and go with a thong or nothing under the shirt at all.
While I didn't brazenly sit around with the hem of the shirt up around my belly and legs spread, I'm sure, both Mom and Dad saw more of me than I probably should have been showing. Or they should have been seeing.
I also got a little lax about putting on a robe or wrapping myself in a towel as I went from the bathroom back to my bedroom after showering. Or pulling the 'Oh I didn't realize you were still home' trick going to the kitchen naked in the mornings.
Judging from the sounds coming from their bedroom almost nightly, I have a feeling they enjoyed it, but it would have been crass to ask them.
My first time getting caught by someone other than Mom or Dad happened not too long after Dad found me lounging by the pool naked.
One afternoon, I was...well lounging by the pool naked, I was zoning out, half asleep and heard.
"Oh shit! I'm sorry, I'll come back later."
"Jerry?" I asked as I came out of my napping fog.
I'd totally forgotten about our pool service. He must have had us scheduled while I was at soccer practice.
"Tonya?" he exclaimed.
I wasn't sure about this situation. I loved that I'd been caught by someone but Jerry was a former high school classmate.
He was the shy guy, I was the skinny redhead who only seemed to have time for school and soccer so we'd never hung out together, I guess you'd say we were friendly but not really friends.
The part of my brain that controlled common sense wanted me to cover up. But the part of my brain that LOVED being seen naked wanted me to stay that way.
Guess which part of my brain won.
"How have you been?" I asked as matter of factly as I could given my decision to stay naked.
"You're naked," he exclaimed.
"And you're staring," I told him.
"Sorry," he replied, looking away. "Do you want me to come back later?"
"It's okay if you look," I told him. "I like being naked and as long as it's look but don't touch, I don't mind if you stare."
Now I've told this story to people over the years, just the part about being caught naked by the pool guy, not the part about flashing my butt, pussy and tits to my parents. "Oh my God, you could have been raped! I the usual response I get at this point in that story.
My response to that has always been, he was a nice guy. Had he been a piece of shit rapey type of guy, it wouldn't have mattered if I was naked, wearing a bathing suit or a snow suit, he would have tried to anyway. I always emphasize "try". I was a wiry beast back in the day, I'm pretty sure if he tried anything, and if I couldn't take him down, I would have at least made him re-think his course of action.
He seemed fine with the rules and started checking the water, cleaning filters and sweeping the walls of the pool while we casually talked about high school, what we'd been doing since graduation and how we were getting ready for college.
Jerry was wearing a tank top and shorts as he worked around the pool, his erection under those shorts was very evident.
He was right by me when he finished sweeping the pool.
"You're really beautiful," he said as I caught him staring again.
"Oh I'm cute, but hardly beautiful," I replied. "That's just your boner talking."
His hand moved down to cover the bulge in his shorts.
"You've been hard this whole time and now you hide it?" I laughed. "Can I see it?"
"You mean?"
"If you don't want to show me it's fine," I said doing my best impression of sultry. "But I have to warn you, I'm not touching it, sucking on it or fucking you...yet. It would just really turn me on to see it."
I let my legs spread slightly as I said it.
Staring directly at the wet, slightly parted lips of my ginger fringed pussy, he unbuttoned, unzipped and pulled his shorts down to mid thigh.
There was an impressive bulge tenting the front of his tighty whities.
"Please let me see it," I whispered, running my hands over my small tits and rock hard nipples.
He looked around; making sure the coast was clear, hooked his thumbs in the waistband and pulled them down to his shorts.
It was a nice one.
It made my pussy tingle.
It was hard and thick jutting out from his crotch. It had a big mushroom head and a slight bend upwards.
All at once, I wanted it in my hand, my mouth and my pussy...then probably back in my mouth so I could feel his hot cum shooting down my throat.
But a lady has to follow her own rules.
"You're so hard," I told him as I eyed that fantastic hung of meat before me. "Take your shorts all the way off."
He pushed them down and stepped out of them.
"Sit with me," I told him, patting the chaise lounge I'd been sitting on.
It thrilled me even more knowing my pussy was spread and in view as I put a foot on either side of the lounge. He sat down the same way, facing me.
"I want to see you naked too," I said.
I reached for the bottom of his shirt.
He sighed as my hand brushed the thick head of his cock.
His torso was pale and his chest wasn't much to speak of...but hey neither was mine.
As soon as I pulled his shirt over his head, I leaned in and kissed him.
Not bad. Could use some work, but all in all, not too shabby.
"Your cock looks so good," I told him. "You're so hard."
"Thanks," he said.
"Would you stroke it for me?" I asked. "I want to see it cum."
"What?"
"I want to see you stroke your cock," I told him as I leaned back on the chaise cupping my tits and pulling on my hard nipples. "I want to see it shoot. I want you to cum on me and I want you to watch me cum."
I reached down and ran my hand over my wet pussy.
"You want to jack off together?" he asked.
"You jack, I'll jill," I answered, my fingers already rubbing my hard little clit.
"That's so hot," he breathed, taking his cock in his hand.
He was right, it was hot. I loved watching him handle his cock. He would slide his hand up and down. I loved how the head would disappear under his foreskin while he stroked. I loved seeing his precum would form at the tip before he smeared it over the head with his thumb.
It was the hottest thing I'd ever seen!
"I'm going to cum," I announced.
I moaned and arched and writhed as he watched me climax.
"Me too," he choked.
I focused on the head of his cock.
I wanted to see it shoot.
He let out a deep groan.
The first shot hit me right in the forehead. The second landed on the tip of my nose and the third, right in my open mouth. The rest of his load ended up between my tits working down to my belly button.
"Oh God," he cried out. "I'm so sorry."
"What are you sorry for?" I asked as I licked his cum off my fingers after wiping it from my forehead. "You taste good."
I wiped off my nose the same way.
The rest I decided to leave for the time being.
I could tell he was starting to get a case of the post masturbation guilts. He kept looking around, then back at me like he had something to say.
"That was fun," I broke the silence. "But don't you need to get back to work today?"
"Yeah I do," he said, obviously grateful I'd given him an out.
"Why don't you jump in the pool to clean off," I suggested.
I continued to tease my pussy as I watched him swim from one end of the pool to the other. I continued to rub as the water cascaded down his naked body when he got out and started getting dressed.
"Do you want help with that?" he asked as he pulled his shorts up.
"Don't mess this up by being pushy," I warned, my fingers still rubbing circles over my clit. "And the next time you come over, I might just suck your cock."
Three days later, he knocked on the front door.
I answered, gave him a kiss, pulled his shorts down, dropped to my knees and sucked that thick banana shaped rod of his until he shot down my throat. After he came, I kissed that big mushroom head, stood up and closed the door.
We hooked up a couple of days later. When I answered the door, he grabbed me, laid me down on floor, spread my legs and ate my ginger fringed pussy to an amazing orgasm. After I came, he blew a raspberry on my belly and left.
He and I were nothing more than fuck buddies for the rest of that summer. We never dated, we'd just hook up one way or another anytime our paths crossed. Sometimes we fucked, sometimes we sucked and licked each other, but most of the time we watched each other masturbate.
I loved that the best.
When I got to college, my roommate was also a soccer teammate.
We got along great, Rhonda had a wonderful sense of humor and like me was totally devoted to studies and soccer.
The first few weeks were rough on me. I had to curtail my exhibitionist desires and not wanting to freak out my new roommate, the quality of my masturbation sessions suffered. I was relegated to quick fingerings when she wasn't around or sneaking off to our bathroom.
But then it happened.
Strange noises woke me up in the middle of the night. It was a familiar rustling of the sheets and the faint whimpers of pleasure one makes when they're playing with themselves and don't want to get caught.
Rhonda was masturbating!
You guessed it, it made my pussy tingle.
My hand found its way between my legs and under my panties.
Yeah I kind of followed my rommies lead and had stopped sleeping naked.
I tried my best to get myself off quietly, but the tangle of sheets and panties was driving me nuts.
"Fuck!" I exclaimed, tossing off my blanket and sheet. "I can't take this anymore."
Rhonda jumped at my outburst.
"I'm so sorry," she apologized. "I...was...I thought I was being quiet."
"Huh?" I asked.
"I'm sorry for waking you up."
"That's not it," I told her as I took my panties off and pulled my sleep shirt over my head.. "You masturbate. I masturbate...a lot. I hate this under the covers shit so from now on...."
Her eyes got wide as I laid back down, put my hand back between my legs and started jilling.
"Wow," she said watching me go to town.
Knowing I was being watched was all I needed.
My clit throbbed, my pussy clenched and my back arched as I let out a proper moan and had the first proper orgasm in weeks.
"You're turn," I said as I rolled over facing her.
Rhonda didn't hesitate, reaching down into her panties and rubbing herself off in front of me.
Sorry but no, we didn't turn into roommate lesbians over it.
But for the rest of the school year, we were a lot more comfortable with each other.
I got to be naked a lot we both had no hesitation getting off in front of each other and more often than not, together.
That summer vacation was, if I'm to be honest, kind of a letdown.
Taking a cue from me, my parents had adopted a nudist lifestyle while I was at school. As much as I enjoyed the freedom of being able to be naked anytime I wanted, I missed the thrill of being naked when I really wasn't supposed to be.
My fuck buddy Jerry, was spending the summer abroad, so while I did get laid a few times, it was uneventful and I couldn't get even one of them to stroke their own cocks for me.
So come September, unpacking my stuff in my dorm room for the new school year, I was a little pent up.
"Do you want to meet someone?" she asked as we caught each other up on our summers while we unpacked. "There's a guy who I went to high school with, that I think you'd like."
"What do you know about him?"
"He's tall, brown hair and really...I don't know, kind eyes," she told me. "He's very good looking and from what I've heard, great in bed."
"Heard? You've never taken him out for a run?" I asked. "Because I love you and all, but I don't think I'm ready to be boner cousins with you."
"Boner cousins is when two guys have sex with the same girl," she laughed. "For two girls having sex with the same guy it's called Eskimo Sisters."
"Why are they called that?"
"How the fuck should I know? They just are." She replied. "Do you want to meet the guy or not?"
"Yeah," I answered. "Why not?"
And that boys and girls is how I met my husband.
Our first date was great.
We had dinner and coffee afterwards. He was charming, funny, he gave me his jacket so I wouldn't get cold and by the end of the date, I was ready to let him fuck me doggy style right in the doorway of my dorm room.
But noooo. Chris is too much of a gentleman for that.
He walked me to my room, told me he'd had a great time and left.
He didn't even try to kiss me.
But, as I learned later, he was crazy about me.
Can't say as I blame him, I'm pretty wonderful.
Things progressed a bit further on our second date.
We were going to see a movie.
As we walked hand in hand to the theater, I led him down an alley way, pressed him against the wall and kissed him.
That kiss was very good!
You know the drill by now...It made my pussy tingle.
We kissed some more.
I felt his hard cock pressing against me.
My pussy started getting wet.
Our mouths pressed together, tongues dancing in each other's mouths I started to reach down towards his cock.
"Okay kids, that's enough of that," the police officer interrupted us.
"Just five minutes more, Officer?" Chris asked. "Pretty please?"
It got a chuckle out of the cop.
"You're not funny, son," the cop smiled. "Both of you...Go."
We sulked out of the alley and headed to the theater.
Movie over, he walked me to my dorm room, gave me a kiss at the door and left?
'What the hell was wrong with this guy?' I asked myself as I played with my pussy in bed, after he left.
"Are you awake?" I asked Rhonda as I worked towards my second climax of the night.
"Yes, you're being kind of loud." Came a muffled answer from her bed.
"What is his deal?"
"What do you mean?" she asked.
"If I had my way, right now you'd have a front row seat to a live sex show, but all he did was kiss me goodnight."
"Well, I don't think I'm ready or interested in watching you take a trip to pound town," she laughed. "But I get your point. Maybe it's you....Are you washing properly?"
"You're not funny."
"It's kind of hard to have a serious conversation with you at two a.m.," she said. "Especially while you're buttering your muffin as we talk. Give him time. From what I hear, it will be totally worth it. Now I am going back to sleep. Please finish quietly."
Our third date was a picnic, by a lake, not too far from school.
We found a very secluded spot, which would have been equally perfect for skinny dipping and sex or dumping a dead body.
We kissed, we snacked, we groped and we talked.
"Do you masturbate?" I asked, deciding to test him a bit.
"Yeah," he answered, giving me a weird look. "Doesn't everyone?"
"I want to see you do it," I told him.
He shocked me when he got up on his knees, pulled down his shorts, wrapped his hand around that gorgeous erection of his and started stroking for me.
My pussy started to tingle...Well it was already tingling... It just started tingling more.
When I told him I wanted to see him do it, I stumbled saying it, I meant to end the request with "sometime".
God his cock looked good!
It was long, but not cartoonish long. It was thick, but not scary thick. All in all I gave it a nine out of ten.
For the record, it became a ten out of ten the first time he slid it into me.
Grabbing the small bottle of olive oil we'd brought to dip bread into, I poured some over the head of his cock and down his hand.
Both my clit and my nipples became impossibly hard and swollen as I watched his hand slide up and down his shaft.
It was so sexy, he would stroke it long and slow, then he would trap the head in his fist, squeezing it while he did short and quick strokes, sliding his hand back down his shaft, he would cup and squeeze his balls before stroking again.
The man was putting on a pretty good show.
I needed to be naked.
His pace quickened a little when I pulled off my tank top. It got even faster when I slipped out of my sports bra and he saw my tits.
Laying back, propped up on one arm I slipped my free hand under the waistband of my shorts, pinching and pulling at my hard little clit.
The look on his face told me he wasn't going to last much longer.
"Oh God," he panted, proving me right. "Where do you want me to cum?"
"My mouth," I told him, very close to my own climax.
He moved closer to my face. I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue.
The first splash of his cum, hitting my tongue set of my orgasm.
I found it surprisingly difficult to cum, swallow cum and breathe at the same time. But I'm a multitasking trooper...I persevered.
"Well that was fun," I said after swallowing the last of his load.
He surprised me by leaning forward and kissing me. That was a first for me, Every guy I'd ever been with was squeamish about kissing me after I'd sucked them off.
I remember thinking, as his tongue snaked its way into my mouth...I'm going to marry this guy.
Okay we're going to fast forward here so we can all get on with our lives.
We did have sex that day by the lake, three times.
We became a couple.
I met Chris's sister Lanie....It made my pussy tingle. Not on the level of "Oh my God I need to sit on your face!" But enough that it made me re-think just how straight I was.
At the seventy fourth minute of my last soccer game during my senior year my right knee decided my career was over and basically blew up.
I spent the next few months on crutches and wore a knee brace, which because I wasn't running around a soccer pitch all the time, made me gain some weight.
Two week after graduation, I had surgery on my knee.
Three weeks after my surgery, Chris and I got married. He looked dazzling in his tuxedo and I was looking super sexy in my wedding gown and knee brace.
Life and middle age happened. I gained some more weight, settling in around one hundred and fifty to sixty pounds. Which for the most part, I'm good with. I love that my boobs got bigger, going from an optimistic B cup to a no nonsense D. I'm not thrilled about the slight jelly belly, but Chris isn't complaining.
I told Chris all about my spa day with Lanie. No surprise, it made his dick hard. I made it about half way through before we took a break and he fucked me while I was bent over the kitchen counter. After we both came, I told him the other half of the story. As soon as I was done telling the tale, he had me bent over the same counter but used a different hole....Yes he put his cock in my butt...and I loved it.
I was a little evasive about Lanie being down for a hot, sweaty threesome, concentrating more on my "reluctance" to cross over the bisexual line.
On Wednesday, I sent Lanie a text:
"Angelo's for dinner Saturday. If you want to join us, wear my panties."
Angelo's was a nice casual restaurant that happened to be attached to a nice hotel downtown. I figured we'd get together for drinks and appetizers. If all three of us were feeling it, we'd get a room...that I'd just happened to have reserved for us.
"I ordered you an old fashion," Chris told Lanie as she entered the lounge a few minutes after we sat down.
"And that's why I love you, little brother." She said, giving him a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
Her braless boobs were in serious danger of falling out her low cut dress as she leaned down to give me a hug and a kiss on the lips.
I was a little surprised to feel the tip of her tongue dart out and brush against my lips.
"I love you too, little sister in law." She said, sitting down.
Letting her sandals slip from her feet, she let them rest of the front of Chris's chair, dangerously close to his crotch.
"I get the feeling this isn't just about dinner and drinks," Chris pondered.
"Well, little brother that depends on what you want to do," Lanie spoke before I had a chance. "Last week the Redhead Goddess over there was very interested in my sex life and the trysts we had when we were younger. I guess she liked what she heard, being she wouldn't stop playing with herself the whole time."
"Yeah she does that," Chris interjected.
"Now you know I love her," Lanie continued, still talking as if I weren't there. "And I would do anything for her. At one point, she alluded to the fact that she would find it exciting to see you and me together. It was even suggested that she would like to lose her 'girl cherry' by having sex with me. Her own sister in law...Can you imagine that?"
"Oh I have," Chris admitted.
"I can tell," Lanie said. "And knowing you, I'm not surprised."
I noticed Lanie's body subtly rocking. Looking down I saw her bare foot was no longer dangerously close to my husband's crotch. It was now resting on it, while she flexed her toes over his erection.
"Here are your drinks," the waitress interrupted.
She calmly placed our drinks in front of us. A glass of wine for me, Manhattan for Chris...
"And you must be the Old Fashion girl," she said setting down Lanie's glass.
She paused for a second as she noticed Lanie's foot resting on Chris's crotch. For a second she looked like she was going to say something, but instead grabbed one of the cloth napkins from the table, unfolded it with a snap and placed it over Lanie's foot.
"That'll work," she said with a nod. "Let me know if you need anything else."
"Make sure you tip her," I told Chris before she got out of earshot.
"So when I got Tonya's text," Lanie continued. "Telling me to meet you guys and to wear her panties, I figured it was game on."
"What?" Chris asked.
"Oh she didn't tell you?" Lanie chuckled. "When we were getting dressed at the spa, Tonya insisted that I wear her panties home. I thought it was a little weird, quite frankly. They were pretty damp when she gave them to me and knowing my girl stuff was going to be mixing with hers, seemed a little strange to me. But you know me, I'd do anything for my dear sister in law, so I wore them home."
"That's not exactly how it happened," I said. "It was you that took them from me."
"Say's you," she laughed. "It's my story and I'm sticking to it. So anyway, after we left the spa I had some shopping to do. Walking down the aisle at the grocery store, all I could think about was that I was wearing another girls' underwear. Every time I felt them move against my pussy, I couldn't help but wonder if they'd moved across Tonya's the same way. There were a couple of times, when I squatted down and they dug in, between my lips that I knew they had to have done the same to her. But...."
"You need to stop," Chris told her.
"You don't want to hear the rest?" she asked.
"I do," he said as he raised her foot up. "If you keep that up, you're going to make me cum in my pants."
"We can't have that. You need to save it for later," she smiled and wiggled her toes. "So give them a kiss and I'll finish."
My clit throbbed as Chris leaned forward and planted a kiss on Lanie's toes.
"As I was saying," Lanie continued. "Even though her panties were riding up on my pussy quite a bit...."
"Mmmmm ahhh," I interrupted.
"Are you ok?" Chris asked.
"You might want to loan her that napkin," Lanie answered.
"Are you?" he asked Lanie then me. "Is she?"
I nodded.
Lanie's other foot was now resting in my lap and her toes were teasing my already overheated pussy.
"I figured just because you don't want to cum in your pants, it doesn't mean no one does," she told him. "I'm sure the Redhead Goddess won't mind cumming in hers."
She was right about that!
"That is so hot," Chris muttered.
"So can I continue?"
Chris and I both nodded.
"Being the wonderful caring person I am, I...."
"I'm sorry to interrupt," our waitress said setting fresh drinks on the table. "I saw you guys were getting low so I...I hope you don't mind."
"No we don't mind at all," Lanie said. "I was just telling them about wearing her panties home from our recent spa day."
"Wow," the waitress said. "You guys are cool...strange but cool."
A look of disappointment came over her face when she glanced at Chris's lap and saw Lanie's foot was gone.
"I switched sides," Lanie told her, nodding towards me.
"He gave me his napkin," I told her as Lanie's toes massaged my clit through my pants.
"Very cool," she smiled.
"We're probably going to leave after this round," Chris told her, as if nothing weird was going on under the table. "So I'd like to cash out our bill."
He handed her two, one hundred dollar bills.
"Drinks aren't that expensive here," she said trying to hand back on of the bills. "I'll bring you your change."
"I was told to tip you, so what's left over is yours."
"Wow thanks," she smiled.
She leaned over, gave Chris a hug and left.
"She seems like she'd be fun," I said. "Maybe we should invite her to come up with us."
"Look at you," Lanie laughed, as she kept scrunching her toes against my pussy. "Little Miss Swinger here. As much fun as that sounds, I think we should keep it in the family tonight."
"You're right," I agreed.
"Can I finish now?" Lanie asked.
Chris and I both nodded.
"Even though Tonya's panties kept riding up on me," Lanie continued. "I kept them on when I got home. That's the love I have for her. She told me to do something so I was going to do it, even if it meant spending the evening, topless and just wearing her underwear...Oh that feels good."
I'd reached down and started massaging her toes as I ground my pussy against the arch of her foot.
"When it was time for bed, I felt a little bad, but I just can't sleep wearing underwear. Not mine or as I found out that night, anyone else's. Now imagine my surprise as slid Tonya's panties off...They were still wet. They were absolutely soaked! All those juices had to be hers. They couldn't have been mine...There was no way I could have become aroused by wearing my sexy sister in law's used panties."
"That is so hot," Chris sighed.
"You would think so, little brother," Lanie laughed. "I was pondering how I could tell if it was Tonya's pussy or mine that soaked the panties. W.W.C.D. popped into my head. What Would Chris Do? I thought about that for a minute or two and then I remembered how my little brother used to sort laundry. That would get me the answers I was looking for...I was sure of it. I held the crotch to my nose and forced myself to inhale. They did smell nice. Kind of familiar, but there were scents there that I'd never experienced before. I knew then I'd have to take more drastic measures. I stuck my tongue out and dragged those wet panties over it. They tasted amazing. Very familiar...Now I don't want you two to have a bad opinion of me or think I'm some sort of sex freak, but when I masturbate...Don't be shocked Chris, but your big sister will at times pleasure herself. Don't be alarmed, it's natural and everyone does it...Now, little brother, you might want to cover your ears for this next part. But as I started to say, a lot of times, when I am pleasuring myself, I will lick my juices off of my fingers and over the years I may have, in moments of weakness, let the gentleman I was having sex with, insert his penis into my mouth after it had been in my vagina...Chris, you do know what a vagina is, don't you?"
"Yes I do," Chris answered, playing along. "I've even seen a few."
"Good I just wanted to make sure you knew what I was talking about."
"What did you do next?" I asked.
Lanie's toes on my pussy and her little story in my ears, had me so close to cumming, I could scream. I just couldn't get over that edge.
"You know that pillow I keep on my bed?" she continued. "The one with the purple satin pillow case, that looks out of place."
I nodded.
"That's my humping pillow," she informed me.
"Wait, I've slept on that pillow," I said, grinding my crotch harder against her foot.
I admit, it turned me on to know I'd been resting my head on something Lanie used to masturbate with.
"Yeah I it cracks me up, every time you lay on my bed and grab that pillow," she said. "Anyway, I love that pillow. It's not as perfect as say, grinding on my brothers hard cock, but it does the job."
Picturing her wet pussy sliding back and forth over Chris's cock made my....well you guys know the rest.
"I couldn't get enough of our scents on those panties," Lanie continued. "The whole time I was wearing them, knowing they'd been up against your pussy and then against mine had me dripping the whole time. Straddling the pillow, grinding my pussy over that silky material, while I sniffed and licked our juices from those panties...I came four times that night. That brings me to your text telling me to wear those panties tonight...Well I haven't had a chance to do laundry so they weren't exactly clean when I put them on."
God, I wanted to cum!
"You're not wearing any, are you?"
I shook my head. I'd chosen to wear a pair of black leggings that night, because Chris loved my chubby ass in them and I don't like panty lines.
Lanie took a quick look around to see if the coast was clear.
She raised her butt off the chair, reached under her dress and pulled them off.
"Sorry I'm returning them dirty," she said dangling them off her finger. "Even so, I think it would be fun if you scampered off to the ladies room and put them on."
I couldn't grab them from her any faster than I did, before making a bee line for the bathroom.
Once I got inside and without bothering to check if I was alone, I pressed my/Lanie's panties against my nose and inhaled deeply.
The scent was overwhelming...In a good way.
I swear I could still smell traces of my pussy and my sweat under the over powering bouquet of Lanie's scent.
It was incredible.
Without thinking I jammed my hand down the front of my leggings and jilled my clit as I licked the sodden crotch.
It only took a few seconds before my knees tried to buckle as my pleasure peaked and I climaxed.
My legs didn't collapse on me, but they tried to.
My moans did echo off the tile walls nicely though.
Now that my mind boggling need for relief had passed, I turned towards the stalls so I could get my leggings off and return my panties to their rightful home.
Then I remembered, I was the girl who used to get her kicks flashing her pussy to her father and the woman who'd just gotten herself off while staring at herself in a public bathroom mirror.
In a flash, my shoes and leggings were off. I gave the panties one last sniff and a lick before putting them back on. I gave my pussy a quick rub, pressing the silky material against my still swollen clit and got dressed again.
Piece of cake!
But...Just as I opened the door to leave, a toilet flushed.
Someone had been in there with me!
As calmly as I could, I bolted towards our table.
"Guys we need to..." I started, leaning down and reaching for my purse while keeping an eye on the ladies room door.
I saw the woman walk out. She didn't have the look of arousal I'd hoped for after knowing and possibly seeing someone masturbate in a public bathroom. In fact she had a pissed off look on her face as scanned the crowd.
Yes knowing I was watched made my pussy tingle, but I didn't have time for that!
Suddenly Lanie pulled me towards her. She gave my face a quick sniff, then planted a soft, wet kiss on my mouth.
I was digging the whole kissing girls in public thing...but once again I didn't have time for that.
"She sniffed them," Lanie said to Chris.
He handed her a bill.
"Answer honestly," Lanie said to me. "Did you get yourself off?"
I nodded.
Lanie sighed and handed Chris back his money along with a bill of her own.
Those two were betting on me! We didn't have time for that!
"Guys, we need to go right now," I blurted out.
"Why? What's wrong?" Chris asked.
"When I changed and yes made myself cum," I told them quickly. "I didn't exactly use a stall...See that woman over there staring at us? I didn't know she was in the bathroom too."
"Yeah, we should probably leave," Chris agreed.
The three of us threw back the last of our drinks and quickly made our way to the exit.
"Should I get us a room?" Chris asked as we walked towards the hotel's front desk.
"I'm game, if you guys are," Lanie answered.
"As usual, I'm way ahead of you two," I said as I reached into my purse and retrieved the room key. "We're on the eleventh floor."
"A little sure of yourself there, weren't you?" Lanie said as we change course and headed to the elevators. "How did you know I'd say yes?"
"I was pretty sure you would," I answered. "And even if you declined, Chris would have been so turned on that I tried to arrange it, he would have taken me up stairs and fucked the hell out of me anyway."
"So now the poor guy has to fuck the hell out of both of us," Lanie said. "Nice!"
I was thankful it was just us in the elevator for the ride up.
Chris and Lanie stood side by side, their backs against the car.
Stepping up, I pressed my body against his and gave my husband a slow wet kiss.
I then turned towards his sister, pressed my body against hers and kissed her the same way.
"Are you okay?" Lanie asked as our kiss ended and I stepped back from her. "You have a weird look on your face."
I was nervous, aroused, excited and more than little scared.
"I'm great," I said in a low voice. "I'd be even better if I could watch you two kiss."
My husband turned towards his sister and pulled her close.
Her big boobs pressed against him.
His obvious erection pressed against her.
For the first time in twenty years, their lips pressed against each others.
His tongue eased its way into her mouth and hers moved to his.
As I watched, my hand slid down the front of my leggings again.
What can I say? Watching them made my pussy tingle!
My clothes were off, the moment we got into the room. Lanie stepped out of her dress and the two of us watched as Chris got undressed.
"There's my old friend," Lanie said when Chris's thick erection appeared. "If you don't mind, I'd like to go over and say hello."
"By all means," I told her.
Chris sat down on the bed as Lanie knelt between his legs.
"Oh I missed you," she purred before giving the head a wet kiss. "And I missed you guys too."
She began kissing and lapping at his balls.
I sat down next to Chris and watched as Lanie licked up and down his shaft, swirled her tongue over the head and eased her brothers' cock into her mouth.
She slowly began bobbing her head, taking him a little deeper each time until she was sliding her lips up and down his entire length.
"The floor is killing my knees," she told us, while she stroked his wet cock. "Can we move so all of us are on the bed?"
Chris moved so his back was leaning on the headboard, Lanie got on her elbows and knees, reclaiming her spot between his legs and I was left watching.
Not that I minded one bit.
I let my hands wander. I brushed my fingertips over Lanie's back and shoulders. Reaching around her body, I caressed her big, soft boobs and lightly pinched her hard nipples.
"Oh shit," I exclaimed.
"What?" Lanie and Chris asked.
"I have something for Chris, but I think it's too late to give it to him," I said, jumping up from the bed and going over to a bag I'd dropped off earlier that day.
Rummaging through the bag, I found it.
"A cock ring?" Lanie asked.
"Yeah, I figured he might get a little over excited being with the two of us," I explained. "I heard these can keep him from cumming too soon."
"Couldn't hurt, let's give it a shot," Lanie replied.
"We have to wait, he has to be soft to put it on," I told her. "I saw it in a video."
"Oh I can fix that," Lanie said with an evil grin.
"Lanie...No!" Chris exclaimed.
But alas, it was too late. As soon as the words left her mouth, she held Chris's erection in one hand and flicked the underside of the head with her middle finger.
"Ouch, I hate that!" Chris cried out.
"I used to do that to make him last longer," she told me. "I'll show you how, later."
"Please don't," Chris sulked.
Sure enough his cock went from a steel rod to a limp noodle in seconds.
"You put your balls in first, one at a time," I instructed as I handed Chris the aluminum ring. "Then you smoosh your penis..."
"I know how to do it," he told me.
In a couple of seconds, he had it on.
"I like it," I said.
"How does it feel?" Lanie asked.
"Tight," Chris answered. "And the head of my cock hurts."
"Want your big sister to kiss it and make it better?"
Chris nodded.
Chris's erection was up and proud in just a few seconds as Lanie licked the head while she stroked his shaft.
"That feels good," he moaned.
"That feels pretty good too," Lanie told me as I went back to caressing her breasts and stomach.
I let my boobs drag across her back as I worked my way down her body, to her beautiful, round butt.
I began kissing and rubbing her cheeks, slowly working up my nerve as I got closer and closer to her...
"Whoa! That felt good," she cried out as I ran my tongue from her clit to her butt.
'Holy shit! You just licked a girl's pussy,' my inner voice cried out.
I loved it. Her pussy was warm, slick, tangy and sweet...all at the same time.
I pressed my face between her legs and went back for another taste.
Up and down, I teased her wet lips, gently flicked her swollen clit and a few times I even let my tongue drift over her brunette fringed (yeah it doesn't quite have the same ring as Ginger Fringed) butt hole.
"She's good," I heard her say to Chris.
That made my pussy tingle.
She moaned as I continued to lick and suck on her clit.
"I can't...Sorry Chris," she apologized. "I can't do both here..."
Lanie rolled on to her back, Chris moved beside her, licking and sucking on her big boobs.
What was I doing? You ask.
I was right back between Lanie's legs, eating her pussy.
I wanted to make her cum.
Lanie's hands cradled my head, gently guiding my mouth to the places she wanted licked next.
My pussy gushed as Chris pulled away from Lanie's boobs and moved behind me.
When the subject of sexing with Lanie first came up, I reveled to him my ultimate Lanie threesome fantasy....What I wanted most, was to eat her pussy and make her cum all over my face while he fucked me hard from behind.
So far we'd had to make due pretending that Lanie was splayed out in front of me, while he slammed his hard cock in my pussy or sometimes...actually more often than not, we role played while his shaft was buried in my tight little asshole.
Either way, I would always cum at least twice while he fucked me, usually more.
I moaned into her pussy as the head of Chris's cock drove itself into my ginger fringed pussy.
Truth be told, I was a little disappointed he didn't choose my ass...it would have made it feel more wanton and a little dirtier...But as his cock filled my wet hole, I was kind of glad he didn't.
I don't know if it was my imagination, the cock ring or that's just what happens to guys when they watch their wives eating their sisters' pussies...His cock felt huge. Way harder and way thicker than I'd ever felt it.
Lanie holding my face against her wet pussy, Chris grasping my hips so hard it almost hurt as he plowed into my ginger fringed hole, I started feeling that build up.
They were going to make me cum and it was going to be a big one!
I wanted Lanie to cum at the same time.
My middle fingers slid deep inside her. My pinkie teased her ass. I held her clit between my lips, sucking and grinding against it.
"I'm going to cum," Lanie moaned.
I wanted to tell her I was about to cum too, but I didn't dare take my mouth off of her pussy.
I was so close.
I felt the ring of her butt clench my pinkie.
She was about to cum.
I was about to make a girl cum!
That pushed me over the edge. I cried out against her pussy as she bucked her hips against my mouth lost in her own climax.
"Stop, stop, stop," Lanie cried out as I continued lapping at her pussy. "Way to sensitive."
"Why don't we take a break," Chris suggested as he eased his thick cock out of my pussy.
"Did you cum too?" Lanie asked.
"No," Chris answered, pointing down to his swollen cock. "I couldn't with this thing on."
"Want help taking it off?"
"No...But yes," he answered her.
"Get us some drinks and I fix you up," Lanie demanded.
I wanted this threesome to go off without a hitch. So earlier that day I'd stocked the room with, fixings for a charcuterie board because I'm just fancy as fuck and alcohol.
Chris's erection led the way, as he went over to the makeshift bar I'd prepared.
Lanie and I sprawled out on the bed, occasionally kissing...Damn I love girl kisses. While we watched him.
I loved the way his penis bounced as he uncorked my wine bottle and swayed as he stirred his Manhattan...Oddly there were no sexy penis moves when he made Lanie's Old Fashion...weird.
Well, the cock ring did its job, his boner was still standing tall and proud as he brought the drinks back to us.
He handed me my glass of wine first, then gave Lanie hers.
"Mmmm," she moaned as she took a sip. "You ready?"
He nodded, already grimacing.
She slowly wrapped her hand around his cock, gave it a few strokes, wrapped her lips around the head and took half of his cock into her mouth.
"Damn Tonya," she said releasing his cock from her mouth. "His cock, your pussy and bourbon tastes good. See how it tastes with wine."
Together, we scooted off the bed and knelt in front of Chris.
I knew Lanie had done this before, so I let her take the lead.
She stroked his cock as she licked the head a few times before pulling back and pointing it towards me. I took it in my mouth and sucked him while she continued to stroke. I moved her hand away and pointed it towards her. She took him in her mouth while I stroked his shaft.
Our mouths got closer with each pass, soon I was just licking and sucking whatever my lips came into contact with, his cock, her lips or my favorite her tongue as it swirled around the head of her brothers penis.
That cock ring was really working.
Now I'm not a guy, so I can only guess at it, but I would think after ten minutes, getting a double blow job from his gorgeous sister and super sexy wife, most normal men would have blown their load and probably keeled over and died a happy man.
The cock ring was keeping Chris from experiencing that joy.
Something had to be done.
"We have to get him out of this," I told Lanie between sucks.
"I was thinking the same thing," Lanie told me. "I'll bet his balls are really hurting by now."
"Owww," Chris yelped as she grabbed and squeezed them. "You could have just asked."
"Sorry, I ain't that kind of sister. Besides, I thought it might work."
She gave the head of his cock an apology lick.
"Years ago," she told me, still stroking his cock, drawing out his pain/pleasure. "I was sitting in the den minding my own business watching television...I think it was Jeopardy, wasn't it Chris?"
"Does it really matter?" he asked. "Please get it over with."
She pointed his cock at me and I gave the head a lick.
"Ah he gets so whiney when he has blue balls," she laughed. "Well anyway...I don't know what made him think it was a good idea...Maybe he saw it in a porn movie? Maybe it was the bad crowd he was hanging out with? I personally put the blame on the school system. But suddenly Mr. Porn star comes up and whaps me in the face with his big old boner."
She paused again to take his cock in her mouth and give him a few sucks.
I leaned over and did the same.
What can I say? This torture was making my pussy tingle.
"Needless to say, I was a little miffed," she continued. "So I grabbed the offending organ and flicked it, right under the head...Direct hit, right on the super sensitive spot that makes him moan when you lick it."
She held up her hand to demonstrate, her middle finger trapped by her thumb, locked and loaded.
"It took this thing," she said, stroking his rod. "From thundering fuck stick to itty bitty pee-pee in a matter of seconds, for a moment or two, I thought I broke him. It's a handy technique for those days where you want him to fuck you for hours...But beware; when he finally does go off...it's like a fire hose. Want to give it a try?"
I nodded.
"Sorry honey," I said before giving the head of his penis a quick kiss.
A couple of tries and a few yelps from Chris later, I hit the right spot and his erection started to deflate. His balls were too sore to push them out of the ring, so he decided to try soaping them up in the shower to make things a little more slippery.
"So what do you want to do while we wait?" Lanie kissed me then asked.
"I want to 69," I blurted out.
"Look at you getting all into the girl sex thing," she said, leading me over to the bed. "Before you know it, you're going to want to scissor."
"That's next on the list."
Lanie got on her back and I straddled her face. My boobs felt fantastic pressed against her soft tummy and hers felt pretty great against mine.
"I've wanted to do this for years," Lanie said before running her tongue up my wet slit.
There's no subtle way for me to put it, I was so turned on by the thought of 69ing with Lanie I just lowered my face and just devoured her hairy snatch!
I started flicking my tongue over her clit, lapping at her wet lips, fucking her with my tongue, even letting it dance over her furry asshole.
It was incredible! I'd 69'd with Chris and other guys I'd had sex with but it always an "apples to oranges" thing...Or maybe it was more "banana to peach" thing, different equipment, different techniques...It was good, but I could take or leave it.
However, once we got in sync, going "peach to peach" with Lanie was earth shattering.
I'd lick her hard clit as she licked mine, she lap away at my lower lips, I'd do the same to hers, I'd rim her, she'd rim me.
I was totally getting the appeal of girl sex!
It made my pussy...No! It made my whole body tingle.
We were so in sync, eating each other that we almost came at the same time.
Rising up a little I saw Chris standing at the end of the bed watching us, stroking his now ring free erection.
"Fuck your sister for me," I told him.
I stayed on Lanie's face...because that's where I wanted to be, as Chris climbed on the bed, put his sister's legs over his shoulders and rubbed the head up and down her wet pussy. She moaned into mine as he drove his full length inside of her. He pulled back until he was almost completely out and plunged it back in.
I was going to cum again!
I mean really how was I not going to? It was the first time I'd ever seen two people fuck. Big turn on! One of the people I was watching fuck, was my husband...Surprisingly that made it a bigger turn on. Said husband was fucking his sister while she was sucking and biting at my clit. Biggest turn on ever!
Needless to say, I came...Boy did I cum! It was loud, it was wet and it left me spent.
I rolled off Lanie, laid beside her and we began kissing as Chris continued to pound his cock in her pussy.
"I'm so close," Lanie moaned. "I'm going to cum all over your cock."
She pulled my face against hers and drove her tongue past my lips as her body shook and writhed.
"Oh I missed this cock," Lanie panted as Chris continued to fuck her. "I want you to cum."
His thrusts became harder and more erratic as she moved her foot from his shoulder to his mouth.
Chris moaned as she traced his lips with her big toe.
Damn it! I thought I invented that to make Chris cum when I wanted him to.
I moaned as I watched his tongue lick up, down and between her toes...Just like he'd done to me hundreds of times.
"I'm gonna cum," he announced.
"Cum on me," Lanie demanded. "I want to feel it on my tits!"
Her toes back in his mouth, he pulled his cock out of her pussy and stroked until he came.
He did cum on her tits, eventually.
Lanie was right; it was like a fire hose! The first shot sailed over her and splashed on the head board. The second landed on her face. His aim was off on the third and it hit my chin...He finally settled down and the rest hit her boobs and stomach.
"Little Brother," Lanie said as I was busy licking Chris's cum off of her boobs. "Be a dear and make us some fresh drinks."