From the moment that slightly besotted, Isabel, got home the interrogations and confessions came flowing out. For an hour Dave kept repeating his mantra: "They're not friends, they dragged you into this!"
"They didn't do anything but give me an opportunity to see myself as a desirable woman again."
"And now you're a slut."
"I'd rather be a slut than asexual! You wonder what happened to our sex life and you completely forget how you left me out of the equation. It's just you and your dick."
"You fucked two guys behind my back tonight and now you're a cheating slut!"
"And you're a hypocrite! Why did you agree with me that we should look into this club?"
"To wake up our nothing of a sex life."
"Yes, but what was the biggest attraction for you and your dick?"
"Putting sex back in our marriage."
"Okay, puritan, yes, but the biggest draw for you was the chance to fuck Traci. In your head I would guess you've fucked her hundreds of times..."
"Noooo..."
"...And when she admitted to being a submissive it was music to your ears and the club became a good idea...Hypocrite."
"Okay, so what? At least I haven't acted on it."
"If we join the club you will. Looking back on it I don't have the slightest regret that I fucked those men. They desired me. You're checked out. We should join the club so you can see me through the eyes of other men. You should see what you're missing."
They stopped talking for a few minutes.
The argument began to calm and Dave said, "You do look hot in that outfit. I'm not surprised guys went for you."
"Thanks, Dave. That's the first time in a long while you've complemented me like that. I suppose it figures though since I borrowed the outfit from Traci."
"I'm sorry...Tell you what, tomorrow I'm taking you shopping and you can buy every sexy thing in the store. How's that?"
"I'd love to, honey."
"So.......how about I take that little white skirt off of you and...."
***
Morning was storytelling time and Pete volunteered his escapades with Monique and a new member, Kiara.
"A three way, Petey?" Traci asked.
"Not to begin with. I went off to one of the couches with Monique and she got naked and was giving me a monster blowjob...sloppy and gagging deep."
"Mmmmmmm," said Traci, reaching down to masturbate while he told the story.
"Then she was just licking my pole and smiling but, wait, then there was another girl and now they were both licking my dick and occasionally kissing each other. That girl turned out to be Kiara, the wife of who, I didn't know.
All I knew was she had the most delicious ass and I wanted to bang that ass. So, I stopped the blowjob and had them lean towards the sofa back on their knees, asses up, and I had the most exquisite time fucking both of them from behind while they kissed. God, it was hot."
Traci was really working her clit, "Mmmmhmmmm, tell me more...Uhnnnnn...."
"I pounded their pussies back and forth. It was so perfect I literally didn't want to cum and ruin the high I was on."
"Fuck, Petey! Oh shit, I'm cumming, baby! Uhnnnnn...fuck me and tell me the rest!"
Pete mounted her quivering form and whispered to her, "But I couldn't hold back anymore and Kiara said, 'Come in me!' When she said that, Monique spun around and licked my balls until I blasted my cum into Kiara..."
Pete let loose his load into Traci.
"And then Monique used her tongue to clean us up while I was still in Kiara!!"
At that moment Traci came hard, her body arched, taut and spasming. "Oh fuck me...Uhnnnnnnn...oh...my fuck!!!!!!!!!"
Lying on the bed, Traci's phone pinged a new text message from Isabel:
'Had a big fight last night but it seems resolved. We're joining the club. Heads up though, Dave's primary motivation is sex with you. Time for a lunch talk today?'
She handed it to Pete.
"Well, our instinct was right on that one," he said, handing the phone back to her, "How do you feel about that?"
"I don't mind fucking him, I just don't want our whole experience at Slut Club to be about Dave dogging me. I guess we'll just have to see how it goes when we get there."
"Ya, we've got Casey for that," he said sarcastically, "Just a thought, and feel free to shoot it down, but what if we relieved some of the tension by doing a couples swap?"
"Wow, Pete, there's a suggestion I wouldn't have heard from you a month ago."
"I'm figuring things out about us and I'm more secure in our marriage."
"That's a thought. Let me talk to Isabel first."
***
Over coffee and a cinnamon roll Isabel said, "Because I knew Dave was focusing on you as a reason to join the club it made me uncomfortable. Not him fantasizing having sex with you, who wouldn't? But that can't be the reason for us to join. I mean, aren't we working on having a better sex life?"
"Yes, a million times, yes. Petey and I are closer than ever...go figure. We decided to join the club based on our mutual interests and the fact that we'd be doing it together. Both of us are expanding sexually but it always comes back to us. I've fucked a lot of men there but I don't want to be married to anybody but Pete. He's my guy."
"I'm worried I'll find out Dave is not my guy and we'll divorce over this but I have to find out. He's ignored me most of the time we've been married."
"You know, Isabel, as your friend, that sounds like the right approach. Something I'll predict though...he's going to have an extreme reaction to seeing you being taken by another man."
"If he doesn't that will tell me something. He's been very sweet to me since the blowup but I'm not trusting that."
"One more thought, this direct from Pete's mind, but he thought that to ease the tension before going to Slut Club, the four of us might have a couples swap?"
"I understand the twisted logic and I'm sure he means well but, no, that just feeds into Dave's fantasy and says nothing about our marriage. Thanks, but no. I love Pete but, no."
***
Saturday's run up to Slut Club and both couples decided to drive separately so if Dave and Isabel needed to bail out it wouldn't effect Pete and Traci.
Dave, true to the spirit of his offer, gave the green light to Isabel's sexy clothes/lingerie romp through the downtown stores. Only difference was Dave swapped himself out for a more knowledgeable shopping companion so Traci and Isabel hit the trail.
A note about Dave. For the entire time the girls cruised for sexy wear, Dave stroked his cock in anticipation of converting fantasy to reality. He made sure he didn't spill a drop, saving it up for Traci's hot little snatch. He'd spent most of their friendship secretly wanting to fuck her. It completely missed the fact that his own wife, Isabel, was every bit the hot bod but Dave had tunnel vision and every naughty vision he'd ever imagined could now become reality. It was a bad case of 'the grass is always greener on the other side...'
Traci knew what was coming. She'd seen him surreptitiously scouting out her attributes for years. She didn't think it would be unpleasant in any sense. Instead, she thought it would be over the top and electric. She wasn't concerned about herself, she was concerned about Isabel.
In the stores, Traci dressed her up like a naughty tart, a man candy treat and...
***
When Dave pulled up to the hotel valet stand that night, the attendant well remembered Isabel and followed her swinging ass right through the door. They met a waiting Pete and Traci at the front desk and went up to the ballroom together.
Traci was met with the usual hyper-interest but this time Isabel got some shout outs as well. After finding a big couch to call their base, no more than 5 minutes passed before Austin came over to ask Traci for a drink and a dance. "Is that okay with you, Pete? I promise I'll show her a good time."
"Traci?" inquired Pete.
A quick nod and she was gone from sight.
Austin was the youngest of the members at 23. Even his wife, Tina, had him by a good 3 or 4 years, Traci met him at the gangbang, although how she conducted an introduction with his dick filling up her ass was a mystery. Traci remarked to Pete on "what a sexy thing he is."
Dave was getting an immediate taste of the oddball etiquette and the sharing and acquisition of another man's wife. Pete explained that once getting consent, from either spouse, Traci belonged to Austin until he was done with her. Dave would have to wait for an opening. In the meantime, he was amazed at the number of beautiful women there were in the ballroom.
After Pete left, spotting Rosita across the room, Dave and Isabel sat alone. For a long time their conversation was banal, like 'people watching' at the mall. "What do you think of that dress?" "Too green."
Dave had occasional glimpses of Traci on the dance floor, Austin sensually enjoying her curves with his hands. Dave wanted to see her up closer but felt tied to Isabel and out of his element. He kept a close enough view to keep stalking her from a distance.
His focus was so locked on Traci he didn't notice when Aaron came over, sat down and put his arm around Isabel.
"Pretty girl...would you like some company?"
Aaron had seduced Traci all the way into a private room and now he was on a quest to take her best friend. He gently swept back a wisp of hair from her forehead. His hands were huge but his touch was soft and sexy.
"I'm, Aaron," he said, looking only at Isabel.
"I'm Isabel and this is my husband, Dave."
Dave was intimidated by his sheer size and handsome qualities. Surely he seduced many women and now he was lining up Isabel.
Reaching to shake his hand, Aaron said, "Nice to meet you, Dave. Mind if I share a little time with Isabel?"
Time? What did that mean? Not sure of how he should respond, Dave said, "Yes, I guess. We're just watching."
"Perfect. I love it when the husband watches."
Realizing what he'd accidentally agreed to he watched as Aaron's hand traveled methodically up from her ankle to her thigh. Dave wanted to explain the misunderstanding but felt it was too far down the road. He stayed next to her, hypnotized as Aaron went under the hem of her tiny cocktail dress.
"Mmmmmmmmm," she softly moaned, as his finger tips touched her panties and lightly flicked his middle finger against her clitoris. He then stood her up and unzipped her out of the dress, letting it fall, revealing her new racy lingerie with crotchless panties.
"Holy fuck, Isabel, that bod is rockin', girl. Sit down and suck my dick."
Isabel did everything he asked, unbuttoning his shirt and running her hands over his washboard abs. "Oh my..." She undid his pants and went down on his thick member, licking the pre-cum from the tip of his excited rod. "C'mon, girl, suck it good. Oh ya, those luscious lips...Mmmmmm. Look up at me. Look at me, Isabel."
"I'm going to fuck your wet pussy with this big cock when I'm rock hard. Are you my bitch?" he asked.
Isabel nodded, still sucking his dick.
"Say it to me."
Extracting his cock from her mouth, "I'm your fucking bitch," she said.
"And I'm going to do what to you while your husband watches? Say it."
"I'm your bitch and you're going to fuck me while my husband watches."
"Good girl, now kneel on the couch and put that ass in the air." Looking directly into Dave's eyes he drove his cock deep into her honey hole.
As he relentlessly pounded her he kept talking to a shocked, Dave. "This is some sweet pussy, Dave. Mmmmmm. You're a lucky boy. I could fuck this beautiful bitch all night."
Isabel came loudly the first time.
Dave had a raging hard-on watching her take it and finally pulled out his cock and jerked it watching his wife get dominated by the stranger. Simultaneously he inadvertently looked across the room to see Traci on her back getting popped by Austin, his rapid thrusts jerking her head back.
For Dave it was almost stimulation overload.
Aaron switched positions to cowgirl and Isabel mounted up readily. She'd said little the entire episode. Bouncing her booty on his cock while he sucked her tits she said repeatedly, "Fuck me, Aaron, fuck me... I love you fucking me."
After these few years they'd been married, Dave felt like he was seeing Isabel for the first time. This was his wife fucking Aaron, dirty talking him, kissing him...and she looked like a porn goddess with his big dick stretching her pussy to it's limits.
Dave wanted to get to know this girl he'd never met.
Then Brandon came by with the pretense of taking drink orders but only wanted to watch the humping couple. He stared like a zombie, one hand mechanically reaching for his boner.
"Can I get anyone a drink?" he asked disinterested in anything but Isabel's rear.
Aaron flipped her on her back and drilled her pretty little pink. She came again with a scream that filled the room. "Ahhhhhhuuuunnnnnn!!!"
"I'll have two martinis please," requested Dave. "Anything for you, baby?" he inexplicably asked the frenzied, Isabel.
Without looking at him, "Just more of this fucking monster cock...oh, fuck me harder, Aaron, baby!!!"
Aaron answered her with a flurry of shots until, "I'm gonna cum, pretty girl." He withdrew from Isabel and kept jerking. "Stick out your tongue," he told her and with a roar he let loose a stream of milky cum on her tongue and the side of her cheek.
With that act, Aaron took her hand like she was a princess and kissed it. To Dave, he said, "Thank you for sharing your very hot wife. I hope to see her again."
It was over.
Finally, they were alone again...awkwardly, but alone. "Did you enjoy that? I couldn't tell," she asked, Aaron's cum still on her cheek.
"I want to fuck you so much right now," he said, wiping the ejaculate from her face, "I just want to take you home and bang that rockin' ass right now."
She smiled and said, "Let's go. We can say goodbye tomorrow."
"Yes, baby, but there's just one more thing I have to get out of my system before we leave. Is it okay with you?"
She hesitated but, "Yes. You let me play, so now you can play.
She quickly dressed.
***
They found Pete and Traci at the bar comparing notes on their adventures. Putting his hand on each of their shoulders, Dave, imitated Aaron:
"Pete, would you mind if I borrowed your wife in private for a half hour or so?"
"Sure. What are friends for? Is that alright, Traci?"
"Yes."
"Added, Dave, "And I'll leave my drop dead gorgeous wife as collateral. Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
Dave escorted Traci to the sign-in desk and negotiated a private room and off they went.
Back at the bar, Pete said, "He's right you know?"
"Right about what?" she asked.
"That you're drop dead gorgeous."
"Pete! Are you hitting on me?"
"I do believe I am."
"You're a naughty boy, Pete...and the answer is, yes."
As he unbuttoned her blouse he said, "I've always thought you were a stunning girl and, truth be told, I've secretly wanted to fuck you as long as Dave has wanted Traci."
He slipped off her blouse and undid and removed her bra. "Stunning," said Pete as he applied his lips and tongue to her erect buds. She leaned back against the bar and let him go to work on her.
"Oh, Pete..." she sighed, "If you're interested, my panties are crotchless and open for business."
"Nice to know..." he said kissing her and two finger fucking her, vibrating the palm of his hand over her clit. She was getting intensely wet and she reached for his belt.
He just kept jamming the base of his hand until, "I'm cumming, Pete...oh shit...I'm close...I want your cock.
He stopped, lowered his pants and underwear and pushed his cock in her slippery slide and pumped her while she wrapped her arms around his neck and moaned. "Faster, Pete, I'm cummmming...Uhnnn, Uhnnn, Uhnnn, oh god, Pete...fuck...."
"Me too, baby!"
"I'm on the pill, cum in me."
"Are you sure?"
"Cum in me, goddamit!!!!...pump it faster..."
"I'm gonna cum in your pussy, Isabel! Fuck girl, I'm cummmming!"
"Yeeessssss, Uhnnnnnnnnnnn...fuck!!!"
They climaxed together, falling into each other's arms, the bar patrons and voyeurs spontaneously bursting into applause.
It wasn't for another half hour had passed before Dave and Traci, all sex satisfied smiles, returned to the bar.
"Did we miss anything?" asked Traci....