Preface:
This story is a continuation of my earlier work, "Seduced Into a Bisexual Encounter"
https://literotica.com/s/seduced-into-a-bisexual-encounter
When I originally wrote the first part, I did not intend to make this a serial, but I like the characters and believe there is more to their story to tell.
If, like me, you enjoy a plot line and gradual character development, then I suggest you read Part 1 before proceeding. It will give you background and an understanding of who the characters are. If you just want to get to the sex, then I guess you can start anywhere you choose.
Hopefully, you enjoy the series.
--------------------------------------------------
Seduced Into a Bisexual Encounter - Part 2
Yesterday's encounter with Jenny and Bob was life changing for me. With Jenny's loving encouragement, I sucked my first cock and swallowed a man's seed while his gorgeous, sexy wife gave me the best blowjob I could imagine. There was no going back. All I could think about now was being with Jenny and sucking Bob's cock again. I longed to touch her softness, feel his hardness, and taste his cream again.
After years of suppressing my feelings, I finally accepted the fact that I was truly bisexual and incredibly horney. I suppose that all those hours of watching shemale porn were driven by my hidden fascination and lust for cock. It just took the experience of yesterday to make me admit my condition to myself, or to anyone else. I wasn't gay. My incredible attraction to Jenny proved that, but I was also obsessed with cock and really wanted another chance to fully explore this attraction.
Unfortunately, Bob and Jenny's week was almost over and tomorrow night would be their last night at the resort. Ann and I would be flying home to Boston next week while Jenny and Bob would be catching a flight back to L.A. in about 48 hours.
During the past several days, the four of us would take a long beach walk together each morning. The sand was soft, the water crystal clear, and the breeze was sufficient to keep one from overheating. Today, however, my wife Ann just wanted to laze around the pool perfecting her tan and Bob made some excuse about having to do something on his computer for work.
So Jenny and I started off down the beach as Ann watched from her chaise lounge and Bob responded to emails on his phone.
"How are you feeling today, stud?" she asked, smiling wryly at me. "Any regrets about what we did yesterday?"
"Not one. Yesterday was the most exciting sex I ever had. And you and Bob were both fantastic. I don't know how to thank you enough."
"No thanks necessary. We both had a wonderful time too. Did you tell Ann anything about what we did?" Jen asked, already knowing the answer.
"No, absolutely nothing. She would divorce me if she knew that I had sex with you and she would humiliate me if she knew I willingly took Bob's cock in my mouth and ate his cum."
I was able to say this to Jenny without hesitation or shame. I had a man's cock in my mouth, sucked it passionately, and let him ejaculate his heavy cream while I swallowed like a whore. I was actually proud of what I had done and Jenny was so totally supportive. She was proud of me too, for overcoming my inhibitions and taboos, and her approval gave me a sense of elation. "Ann would look at me like a piece of shit if she found out anything about yesterday."
"That's so sad. I wish you could share such a remarkable experience with your intimate partner, the one you love." Jenny frowned as she said, "I wish we didn't live so far apart so we could see you again after we all head home."
"Ann and I have not been in love for a long time, and there is no intimacy in my life. Not with Ann. Not with anyone. That's what I miss more than anything. Intimacy is so precious. I see the level of intimacy between you and Bob, and I envy you guys so much. Complete, non judgemental acceptance of each other. That's just so amazing. I hope you never lose that."
When I looked over at Jenny, she was frowning and her eyes looked teary. She took my hand and kissed it, and we walked in silence for a while. She was such an empathetic person, and we had really bonded over this past week. I was going to miss her so badly, and she knew it. She would return to L.A. with the man she loved, and I would return to Boston, empty and lonely. But that's life and I was grateful for what we shared on this vacation.
I wasn't going to waste the little time we had left being sad, so after a few minutes, I changed the subject and we continued walking and making small-talk. The sun was hot and the breeze had died down. We were both beginning to sweat. I could see beads of perspiration running down between Jenny's breasts. I fantasized about licking them off and then moving from one erect nipple to the other while everyone on the beach watched us.
"You're kind of quiet now. What are you thinking about?" Jenny asked. Knowingly, she glanced down at my crotch and then flashed that wonderful smile at me. In that Shirley Temple voice she sometimes used, she said, "You have a big lump in your pants, Mister. Is that your cock? Are you thinking about sex again?" and then, returning to her normal voice, "I'm getting too hot. Let's go into the ocean for a bit to cool off."
"Last one in," I said and ran out into the waves.
Squealing, "No fair!" Jenny followed me in but moved away from me, out to deeper water so that she was standing with the water just above her breasts. There were people all around enjoying the clear cool ocean and the light, wonderful breeze.
"Come here Pete, I found something."
I waded over to Jenny. "What did you find?"
"I found a water snake, but I need to take a closer look." With that, Jenny pulled the waistband of my trunks forward with her left hand and thrust her right hand down the front of my bathing suit. "I got it!" she proclaimed as she firmly grasped my semi-rigid prick and gave it a tight squeeze.
"I think it was sleeping but it seems to be awake now. Hold my shoulders." She spun around me so that she was facing the ocean. With her back to the shore and me supporting her weight, she raised her legs and pulled her bikini bottom off, exposing her neatly trimmed pussy. Then she pulled the cups of her bikini top to the sides, freeing her firm, shapely tits. "How's the snake now?" she asked with a big grin on her face.
"There are lots of people around, Jenny," I said nervously. It was exciting to be so risque, but I was torn between horney and apprehensive.
"Stay in the deeper water babe and no one will see anything. Just a man and a woman embracing. Completely innocent," and with that, she ducked under the water, grabbed the sides of my bathing suit, and pulled them down enough to release the snake. She pulled my ball sack out over the waistband so she could fondle my chestnuts as we made out.
When she came back up, she laughed, "That's better, now I can really get a good look at that snake. She moved in close and took my now rigid pole in her hand. She put her other arm around my neck and pulled me in for a passionate kiss.
I put my hands on her bare ass and pulled her to me. Jenny guided my engorged cock between her legs so it pressed firmly against her pussy lips. I could feel the warmth and softness of her femininity wrapping its lips around my aching member.
"I wish we were in the bedroom. I want to fuck you so bad!" I gasped between passionate French kisses and thought about entering her right there in the ocean. I moved one hand to her full, firm breast, trying to stay low in the water so we were not completely obvious. Her nipple was like a small hard rock and I would have pulled her upward and sucked it into my mouth, but there were too many people just too close to us.
After a few minutes of kissing, fondling, and just being totally raunchy with each other, Jenny said, "Let's feed the fish." I pulled back and looked at her quizzically. I got her meaning when she grabbed my cock and started masturbating me in earnest.
"Hoy es un día hermoso. Mi nombre es Enzo. Son ustedes americanos?" a voice came from behind us.
I turned my head to see a man, maybe around 40, handsome, clean shaven, and well proportioned, standing no more than four feet behind us. His broad smile suggested that he was well aware of what we were doing. Embarrassed, my hand reflexively went to cover my hard cock, but Jenny just turned to face him, pretty much naked at this point.
"Sí, es un hermoso día. Sí, vivimos en Estados Unidos. Soy Jenny y el nombre de mi amigo es Pete. Encantado de conocerlo," Jenny replied, struggling with some of the words.
I looked at Jenny, surprise written all over my face and asked, "Are you Spanish?"
"Does this pale skin scream Spanish ancestry to you?" she laughed. "You can't live in L.A. without speaking a rudimentary amount of Spanish."
"Jenny, your tits are showing," I whispered, as though our guest couldn't clearly see that.
"Yes, nice, aren't they," Jen replied as she cupped both breasts and presented them. "Pete, I would walk around this place stark naked if it was allowed. I have no shame about my body."
"Vi que estabas siendo romántico y me pregunté si necesitabas ayuda," the stranger said.
"What's he saying?" I asked.
"His name is Enzo and he asked if we are Americans. And I am pretty sure he asked if he could join us," she said with raised eyebrows, looking for my reaction.
"Is he crazy? Who does that?"
"Relax Pete. I hear it's pretty common in Europe when two people are being sexually active in public to have strangers approach and ask to join. Don't be so traditional. You have to take a few chances to get the most out of life."
To Enzo, Jenny smiled and said, "Gracias por la oferta. No necesito nada ahora, pero a mi amigo le vendría bien tu mano." I don't know what she told him, but at the end of the sentence, she made the universally accepted gesture for handjob.
"What did you say to him?" I asked with some panic in my voice.
"I told him that I didn't need anything but my friend here could use a hand."
"What!"
"Relax Pete, you're forgetting what you're really here for." With that, Jenny reached down, pushed my hand away, took my quite flaccid dick in her soft, delicate hand, and started to massage it. Enzo looked on approvingly.
"Tengo algo bastante grande que podrías poner en la otra mano," Enzo said and Jenny broke into a laugh.
To Enzo she replied, "Todos los hombres piensan que su," and then to me, "Oh shit, what's the Spanish word for cock?"
"How would I know?"
"Polla. Todos los hombres piensan que su polla es muy grande", Jen said and tipped her head to the side in a defiant gesture. Enzo started to laugh.
"He said that he has something big for us to see and I told him that all men think their cocks are big."
"Jen, what are you doing, we don't know this guy."
"Well, from the hardness of your prick, it looks like at least one part of you is interested," she retorted.
"Si tienes algo muy grande, quiero verlo por mí mismo. Acércate!" Jen said slyly.
Enzo started moving towards us. "I told him we want to check out this big thing he wants to show us."
I was speechless as Enzo moved right into our fold and put one arm on the small of my back and one on Jenny's. He smiled and I felt his right leg press firmly against my left. Jenny closed the circle pressing each of her legs against one of ours. We now formed a tight intimate group with full body contact. Jen was still stroking me and keeping me very hard.
Looking at Jen, Enzo said, "Por favor, compruébelo usted mismo." I didn't need that translated because upon hearing those words, just beaming, Jenny moved her hand from my cock and reached down into Enzo's bathing suit..
"Oh my God. Pete, holy fuck. Pete, Pete, Pete, this is your lucky day. This guy's cock is huge!"
Enzo stood proudly while this beautiful woman fondled his manhood and just gushed about how big and hard it was.
"Quiero verlo", Jen said. Enzo nodded and Jen pulled his bathing suit down exposing a massive cock.
"Holy fuck! Look at that monster Pete. It's twice as big as yours. I don't know if I could even take that in me, but I'd sure be willing to try." She was running her hand, the one that was previously on my cock, all over his hard dick and then started feeling his balls.
"His balls are the size of plums. Imagine how much cum he shoots when he ejaculates. He might drown you Pete if you tried to swallow it all."
She was so excited about Enzo's cock, so absorbed in exploring it, and completely focussed on Enzo. The asshole just stood there, the center of attention, and grinned at me. Yes, grinned at me, the guy with the little cock who couldn't keep his girlfriend's attention. This seemed to go on forever and both my spirits and my prick started to take a dive.
"I'd love to wrap this one up and take it home. I don't think that you and Bob together could match this gift from the Gods. Jesus, I'd like to try fucking this," she exclaimed.
I was suddenly overcome by an old but familiar wave of emotion. My dick is somewhat less than average size and this has always embarrassed me. I've been ridiculed by several ex girlfriends in the past and Ann uses it as a psychological weapon sometimes when she is pissed at me. At that moment, I felt vastly inferior, unattractive, and discarded as though Jen had found a new boyfriend and no longer had any interest in me. Her hands, her eyes, and all of her attention was now being lavished on someone way more masculine than I was. I'd experienced this rejection before. It felt like highschool all over again.
My erection was totally gone, my stomach felt queasy, and I started to back away from our circle.
Jenny felt me break contact and start to withdraw. "What? Where are you going?" Jen asked incredulously as she looked up from her new fascination. She glanced up at me all smiles and her expression turned to puzzlement. Then she looked down to my shriveled cock and back up to witness the humiliated expression on my face. Like she had just gotten hit with a bucket of ice water, her countenance immediately transformed to one of concern and regret.
"Oh shit, no Peter! No! It's not like that. Come back. Come back baby. I love you! Don't be jealous. I'm sorry. I'm so stupid sometimes. I didn't mean to make you feel bad. Please, come back to me," she pleaded.
"Un minuto por favor Enzo," she said quickly and then kissed me again. She reached for my cock and started to gently squeeze it, trying to coax it back to life.
"I don't care if his dick is bigger than yours. You know that. I was excited because I wanted you to have a chance to play with a really big cock. I was excited for you. Now come back and play.
"Come on baby. You know I'm super hot for you. I just want you to have a really good time. I want you nice and hard again. I want to see you cum." Then she dropped back to the Shirley Temple voice because she knew I found that so hot. "We have work to do, Mister. We have cocks to take care of and I need your help!"
I couldn't help but smile, and under her skillful stroking, I couldn't help but get hard again either. She pulled me back into our tight circle and Enzo, who seemed to understand my concerns, put his arm around my shoulder and said, "No te preocupes, a ella le gusta mi polla pero te ama a ti."
"She likes my cock but she loves you. That's what he said, and he's right." OK, all my fears banished, I was starting to feel quite horney again and had my hand all over Jenny's ass.
Holding mine in her left hand, Jen ran the fingers of her right hand over Enzo's horse cock and then grasped it firmly. She gave it a squeeze and in her most sultry voice, whispered in my ear, "Touch it Pete. Take it in your hand. Don't be shy. I know you want to. You'll love how it feels. I know you're dying to touch it."
As I continued to hesitate, Jenny took Enzo's hand, pulled it toward my own erection, and purred, "Come on Enzo, show him how it's done."
Enzo lowered his left hand onto Jenny's bare ass and reached with his right hand to firmly grip my boner. When he touched me, I felt a shock wave ripple through my body. It feels different when a man takes your member in his hand. It's more forceful. Less gentle but very lustful. He started a slow but steady back and forth motion on my shaft. He squeezed firmly using long measured strokes.
"Looks like he's done this before," Jenny teased while watching Enzo masturbate my prick.
"Take his cock in your hand Pete. He has a beautiful cock. You won't find many that big," and then into my ear she cood, "He wants you to stroke it like he's stroking yours. Take his cock. He's offering it to you. Take it, and make him cum. I want to watch you jerk off this total stranger. Go on, you know you want to do it." Jenny's voice trembled as she spoke and her excitement was obvious. She rubbed her tits back and forth across my arm and her nipples were as hard as my dick.
"I don't think I can do," but before I could get the words out, Jenny grabbed the back of my head and pulled me into a deep kiss. She thrust her tongue into my mouth and probed while pressing hard against my lips. With her other hand, she took mine and deliberately moved it towards Enzo's throbbing cock.
First I felt my fingers touch his stomach, but Jen pushed my hand lower until it came into contact with his fat swollen head. She held my hand there while kissing me and slowly my inhibitions faded. I allowed my fingers to wrap around the bulbous head and I started exploring the length and thickness of his dick with my hand.
"That's it baby. I know you like cock. Feel the soft smooth skin wrapped around that rigid pole. Imagine taking it in your mouth, like you did with Bob. Feel it move in your hand each time his heart beats. Jerk him off baby. Make him spray his milk into the ocean," Jenny coaxed.
To Enzo, Jenny smiled and gave a thumbs up sign. Enzo tried to move his free hand from Jen's ass to her mound, but she pushed it back to her ass saying, "No, not me. It's about getting Pete off today. Jerk his cock. Masturbate my baby til he explodes and shoots his seed!" Enzo didn't speak much English, but he seemed to get the message.
By this time, I had my hand firmly wrapped around Enzo's huge dick. It must have been nine inches long and really thick. I couldn't stop staring at it while I jerked him off and I had a good rhythm going. I could feel the butterflies in my stomach again. Jenny had one finger between my ass cheeks and was massaging my rosebud. My climax was fast approaching.
"Good job baby. Work that cock. He's close, he's so close."
"Ahhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhh!" I heard Enzo moan and then I felt his cock start to pump. His eyes rolled back and his entire body stiffened. I saw his toes curl under and large jets of white fluid shoot from the tip of his cock into the water. Long stringy ropes of his cream hung in the space between us and stuck to my hand and my leg.
"He's cuming!" I said, more to myself than anyone else.
"Jerk him baby. He's coming for you, my big strong stud. Finish him. Don't stop until he's empty. Get every last drop out of him." Jenny was like my handjob coach, encouraging me all the way to the goal line. At last, he was done. Touchdown!
But when Enzo started to cum, he broke his rhythm on my cock and let go of it completely after his orgasm was finished. Seeing this, Jenny stepped between us, wrapped her left arm around my neck and pulled me back in to continue our deep passionate kiss. At the same time, she wrapped her long, slender fingers around my cock and started jerking in short fast strokes.
"Cum for me baby! Cum now!" she whispered into my ear between kisses.
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm!" I moaned into her open mouth as my climax came. I pulled her tightly against me, as though I was deep inside her and started to ejaculate string after string of thick hot semen into the ocean.
"Yes baby, give me your cum. Give it all to me," she said as she rubbed her index finger hard against my frenulum. Eventually, there was nothing left to ejaculate and no more energy to pump. My dick was spent.
"Oh God, Jenny. I love you! That was so good," I panted.
Jenny just kissed me again, several times.
"Do you want me to?" I asked as I reached for her pussy intending to masturbate her to an orgasm, but she pushed my hand away.
"Not now. Not here." She looked around, which made me remember where we were. Enzo had moved off immediately after his orgasm, but there were quite a few people looking in our direction. I guess we were a bit louder and less subtle than we should have been.
"I think it's time to head back," Jenny said, still short of breath, while she put her bikini back into place.
"OK, let's go," I agreed, feeling a bit self conscious now.
"Pete, don't you think you should put your cock away before you get out of the water. I mean, unless you want to show it to everyone on the beach," Jenny laughed.
"Jesus, where is my head?" I said as I pulled up my bathing suit to cover my softening dick.
"I guess the blood hasn't returned to the big head yet," Jenny chuckled and elbowed me playfully in the ribs. We returned to the beach, held hands like highschool sweethearts, and started walking back to the resort.
"Did you enjoy that? Now you've had two cocks." In that Shirley Temple voice, "I am really proud of you, Mister. You've made two men cum, and your ass is still a virgin."
Before I could reply, she started to run ahead of me and I ran to catch up. By the time we got back to the resort, we were both panting, laughing, and just high on life. This was the afterglow of great sex that was missing from my life for many years.
"What are all those white stains on your bathing suit?" Ann asked suspiciously as Jenny and I approached. I looked down and saw that my black bathing suit showed strands of sticky white cum that were ejaculated into the water by either Enzo or by me, who could tell.
Jenny stepped in, "My bottle of suntan lotion exploded and it got over everything. Sorry. It should come out in the wash. Pete, go change before the suntan lotion sets and ruins the suit."
To me, she whispered, "Use soap and wash that out completely. It's going to smell like cum, not suntan lotion and if Ann looks at the stains closely, she's going to know that white stuff didn't come from a bottle."
"Right." I smiled conspiratorially at Jen. I saw Bob give me a knowing grin as I hurried back to the room to clean up the mess we'd made.
"I'm going to get a drink at the bar and go for a pee," I heard Jenny say to Ann and then followed quickly after me.
Between the beach and the pool area is a semi-inclosed shower stall for washing off the sand before entering the pool. Jenny pulled me into the stall saying, " Pete, you look like you just came off of a gay porn shoot. Let's get some of that cum off your bathing suit."
She turned on the lower tap, the one used for washing feet, cupped water into her hands, and then splashed it all over my groin.
"That's cold," I complained.
"These stains are stubborn," she mused and then started vigorously rubbing the stains with her finger tips and scratching at them with her nails. Some of the stains were directly over my cock and she paid special attention to those stains.
"God Peter, you just came 20 minutes ago. How can you be getting hard again already?" she teased. She was such a flirt.
"Jenny, I can't walk all the way back to the room with a boner. I don't even have a towel to wrap around my waste."
"Then you shouldn't have gotten cum all over your bathing suit," she replied with raised eyebrows and a scolding expression on her face. "Better get that puppy under control though before you draw a crowd," Jenny quipped.
Now fully erect, she planted a big noisy kiss on the head of my cock and said, "That will have to do for now, but make sure you use soap on those remaining stains. Cum can be hard to wash out of dark clothing."
Jenny stood, took my hand and led me out of the stall where we found, to my shock, a mother and two young girls waiting for their turn to use the shower.
I blushed beet red, but Jenny smiled warmly at the three voyeurs. She pointed at my erection, shook her head, and frowned. Then she casually said, "Sorry, he gets excited so easily. Just like a teenage boy."
The youngest girl, maybe twelve, was also beet red and just looked at her feet. The middle aged girl had a huge grin on her face like, I know what you were doing. The mother's look was harder to decipher. Maybe disapproval or maybe longing for a time when she felt such passion and sexual excitement. We didn't stick around to find out.
Jenny kissed me on the cheek, smiled at me, and then hurried off towards the bar, abandoning me with the onlookers. I was not sure I always liked her sense of humor.
The mother was now definitely frowning at me and the middle aged girl was unapologetically staring at the outline of my erection. All I could do was stammer out, "Excuse me," and make a bee-line for my room. On the long walk back to the suite, I was hoping no one else would notice my throbbing, aching dick. But strangely enough, another part of me was hoping that someone would notice.
Despite the embarrassment and my very mixed emotions about what had transpired over the last 90 minutes, when I got to the room, I immediately stripped off my bathing suit and rushed to the bathroom. I squeezed a generous dollop of Ann's hand cream into my palm and vigorously masturbated myself to another incredibly strong orgasm. I shot several blasts of thin clear cum into the bathroom sink and even got some on the mirror above the counter.
Allowing myself several minutes to recover, I quickly showered off and washed the cum out of my stained suit. I dried off, put on a new bathing suit, cleaned my spunk from the sink area, and headed back to the beach to rejoin my companions.
On the way there, I was thinking that I needed to have a word with Jenny about her practical jokes.