(Thanks to Drewau for editing. Comments and feedback are always welcome and appreciated. This story is NOT incest, despite involving several members of the same family. That might not make sense now, but it will.)
*
"Are you nervous?" Angie asked her new fiance Cameron.
"No. Should I be?" He glanced over at the beautiful blue eyed blonde that he would be calling his wife in a few short months. If he didn't have to keep his eyes on the road, he would just keep staring at her.
"Typically, when you meet your fiance's parents for the first time it can be a bit nerve racking."
"If they are anything like you, I'm sure we'll be fine."
"That's the thing."
"They aren't like you?"
"No, they are. It's just... You know how I struggle with physical boundaries with people."
Cameron pictured the first night they met in the bar. To say "Hello", she gave him a big hug. To let him know that she was interested in going home with him that night she practically dry humped him on the dance floor. And then finally, to signify that she was interested in more than just a one night stand, she woke him up the next morning by swallowing his load.
At first he thought she was just a very sexual creature. She is, but she also just doesn't understand personal boundaries. Three weeks into their relationship, she was running late for work after spending the night. So, she climbed into the shower with his female roommate to save time. Nothing sexual happened, at least not on Angie's end. But Leah was so turned on that she masturbated several times after Angie got out.
Leah had told him everything. Having a lesbian for a roommate had eventually led to them feeling comfortable talking about such things together. Leah even teased that she would be up for a threesome with Angie. "As long as there is pussy, I don't mind a little prick in the bed." She joked.
Angie's body had that effect on people. Her pale skin, thin waist, large breasts, and beautifully round butt made even Cameron's straightest female friends question their sexuality. To the disappointment of women everywhere though, Angie wasn't interested. She couldn't cum without something big, hard, and living inside her. She couldn't even use dildos.
Angie saw the grin and spaced-out look on Cameron's face and playfully punched his arm. "Hey, are you picturing me with your roommate again?"
"Don't worry, I'm there too." He joked. "And I'm bigger than ever."
Angie uncrossed and then recrossed her legs in the opposite direction. The short sundress she wore teased him as it rode up a little. He had gotten to her with that last statement. She had a vivid imagination, and someone just mentioning Cameron's shaft got her mind working. "Eyes on the road Mister." She teased.
Cameron quickly looked back at the road, realizing how long he had been distracted. "What were we talking about again?"
"My family. I was wanting to warn you that I'm actually the shy introvert in the family."
Cameron let out a loud guffaw of a laugh. "This coming from the woman who started stripping on a bar top without an ounce of liquor in her." Angie giggled. "What?"
"Nothing. It's just "liquor in her" put a funny image in my mind." He was still confused. "It sounds like 'Lick Her, In Her'." Angie wiggled her tongue between her lips.
Cameron sniffed a laugh. "And you say I have a dirty mind."
"Hey, I never complained about your dirty mind. Actually, your dirty mind has served me quite well so far." Cameron had introduced her to some new positions and fetishes that she had never heard of before, but were now some of her favorites.
"Are you thinking about tentacle porn again?"
"I wasn't." Then she grinned at him. "But I am now." She slowly slid her hemline up her legs. Exhibitionism was not one of the things he taught her. It was actually the other way around. She loved teasing him out in public, and he loved to be teased.
With his quick glances over, he could see her blue panties. She was rubbing herself through her panties. She moaned and closed her eyes as she felt her arousal rising. The showing off was what was getting her excited more than anything. And this was all for his benefit. She probably wouldn't even actually cum, as per her aforementioned need for insertion.
"Shoot!" Cameron exclaimed. "We're here."
"Well, just drive around the block a few times." Angie said breathlessly, never opening her eyes.
"I can't, your parents are outside and they see my car."
Angie's eyes shot open and she put her skirt back in place. "OK, with what I was saying earlier. My family is awkwardly affectionate. Just go with it. Whatever they do, just play along. They will love you if you do. Don't worry if you think it might feel like you're cheating on me, just go with it. I know who has your heart."
"What?!" Was all that Cameron could get out in response before Angie was opening her door. Cheating? Why would that come up? Was he about to walk into a den of swingers or something.
Now that he got a closer look at Angie's mom, he almost thought that might not be a bad thing. For a woman in her fifties she was in great shape. She honestly gave Jenifer Aniston a run for her money, for mature hot women. Her breasts were actually larger than Angie's, nearly the size of volley balls. Her body tapered off into an athletic figure after that though.
She knew how to flaunt it too. She was wearing a tight pair of jeans and a very low cut shirt that showed plenty of cleavage. By the time Cameron stepped out of the car, Angie had already gotten her hugs out of the way, and they turned to greet him. Angie did a quick introduction as her Mom scurried over to him to give him a big hug.
She was a tall woman, and then she wore heels, making her just a little taller than Cameron himself. Instead of a friend hug though, she wrapped her arms around the back of his neck and pulled his face into her chest. "Oh, you can call me Judy. I'm just excited to meet you. Angie has told us so much."
Cameron was still a little hard from Angie's show in the car, motor boating these beautiful tits was too much for him. Judy noticed instantly. "Oh, and there's that world famous erection Angie has told me so much about."
Cameron's eyes shot wide and instantly tried to cover himself as Judy stepped away. He was stammering awkwardly at all the attention suddenly drawn to his privates.
"Don't be ashamed of that beautiful thing. Angie tells me you're quite girthy and a solid eight inches."
Cameron glanced back and forth between all three people, shocked that Angie told them about their sex life. Her Dad stepped forward and said, "Can you blame him for being so hard? You just shoved his face into these beauties." He gently bongo drummed his wife's cleavage before reaching out a hand to shake. "I'm Frank. And if you couldn't tell, we are a very sex positive family. I'm probably the most reserved one you will meet here."
Cameron shook his hand, still stunned by all that happened in the last thirty seconds. Frank stepped back and Angie slid an arm around her fiance and snuggled underneath his arm. "To be honest, at least half of that is from me. I was putting on a little show for him in the car."
Everyone was shocked by that statement. Cameron because she just admitted that to her parents. And her parents were shocked because that was way more adventurous than she had ever been known to be. They congratulated her on stepping out of her comfort zone. Cameron was shocked by what he was hearing.
"So, you two aren't mad about that?" To Frank: "You're not going to threaten to break every bone in my body if I touch your daughter?"
The three laughed and Frank spoke up. "No. Like I said, this is a very sex positive family. It's not bad or dirty. On the contrary, you are making my daughter happy. That should be celebrated, not condemned. Look at it this way. How crazy would it be if I were to get mad at someone for giving her a Porsche, or a million dollars? Why should pleasing her sexually be any kind of a different gift?"
The logic made sense to Cameron, but it was so strange to hear. He couldn't believe Angie warned him about their issues with physical boundaries, and not about this whole ethos.
Frank showed them up to the guest bedroom. Along the way, Judy smacked Cameron's butt. She then cackled and looked at Angie. "You're right, it is firm."
Angie's parents left them to get unpacked and went back downstairs.
"How is the whole sex positive thing not what you warned me about?"
Angie looked at him puzzled. "I didn't think it would be an issue. You are the most sex positive person I've met outside my family."
Cameron was speechless for a second. "Yeah, but your parents are so far out there, that they make me look like I took a vow of celibacy."
Angie moved in close and rested her palms and forearms on Cameron's chest. In turn he hugged her in close. "I'm sorry, I guess I'm just so used to it by now that I don't think about it. I'll tell you what. How about I make it up to you in a very sex positive way?"
Cameron loved the tease in her voice. "What did you have in mind?"
"Well, you see, I was kind of hungry. So I was hoping for a quick snack." Her beautiful blue eyes turned up to meet his. "Maybe something with a lot of protein?"
Then she began sliding down his body. Once on her knees she undid his pants and fished his member out. She planted kisses up and down the shaft until it was full enough to consume. Which she did. She sucked on it as if it were the sweetest candy. Cameron wasn't going to last long.
That was when the door swung open and a fit attractive black woman with curly brown hair down past her shoulders came bounding in. Angie quickly jumped up and the girls embraced and screamed like a couple of high school friends that hadn't seen each other in years. Angie turned to introduce Cameron. "Cameron, this is my sister in law Kelly, she's married to Jim who's stationed overseas right now."
Cameron was too stunned to speak, or even pull his pants up. That was when she noticed the eight inch monster that was throbbing in anticipation. "Oh, honey." She looked at Angie. "He doesn't have a single brain cell firing right now. "I'm sorry, I interrupted you, and that thing looks all angry and purple. We'll talk later."
"No way, you have to tell me about your trip to Europe. I can finish him off while you talk."
Kelly looked at Cameron and then at Angie. She was apparently quite new to this family's values as well. "I don't think Cameron wants me here while he's blowing his load."
"Nonsense. We've been experimenting with exhibitionism. You'll probably make him cum harder."
Kelly could see that Angie was not taking no for an answer, and Cameron was in no mind to say anything, let alone object. Angie went back to work on him. Her eyes glanced back and forth between Kelly and Cameron as if they were simply having a normal conversation. Kelly began talking about her vacation to Europe, but she was distracted by what she was seeing.
Cameron couldn't help but notice Kelly's nipples starting to poke through her white blouse. She was getting aroused by this. He guessed that was why her mind strayed to a story about a hot sexual encounter she and Jim had on the trip. Her breathing was getting a little shallow as she talked.
Angie was right when she said that being watched would probably make Cameron cum harder. He had to plant one hand on the bed and the other on Angie's shoulder as his legs went rubbery. He shot three powerful loads into Angie's mouth before a little spilt out of her lips. Cameron fell back onto the floor, he was exhausted after such a powerful orgasm.
Angie stood and swallowed what was left in her mouth. She licked her lips to clean up any mess there, but managed to miss a drop on her chin. Kelly was so horny now, that she lost all concepts of impropriety. "You missed a spot." Kelly wiped the drop off with her finger and sucked it into her mouth.
She hadn't meant to show how much she enjoyed the taste, but her face gave her away. "Good isn't it?"
"Oh, honey. I haven't had good cum since your brother was sent to South Korea two months ago."
"Aww, I'm sorry." Said Angie as if she were just told that Kelly was lonely. "Let's go downstairs and talk some more."
They left with Cameron still laying on the floor with his pants around his ankles.
When Cameron came down from his orgasmic high, he realised that they had left the door open and his pants were still around his ankles. He shuffled over to the door on his hands and knees and closed it. He was about to pull his underwear up, when he noticed that his penis was still covered in his cum from when Angie swallowed his load.
If he pulled his pants up now, he would get cum all over his underwear and smell of sex the rest of the night. He needed to find a bathroom and clean up first. Which meant leaving himself hanging out as he searched the second floor for a bathroom. He stuck his head out the door and listened. It sounded like everyone was down stairs. If he hurried no one would have to know.
So Cameron scurried down the hall with his creamy pecker dangling around. He wasn't sure which door was the bathroom, so he checked along the way. To his embarrassment, the first door he came to was a bedroom with a cute looking 18 year old girl getting dressed. She had long flat blonde hair, a slender frame, and the families trademark bright blue eyes.
She was also wearing nothing but a pink bra and panties. She startled when she saw him enter, but the big smile quickly returned to her face. "You must be Cameron. Angie has told me so much about you."
The girl seemed oblivious of either of their states of undress. She bounded over and gave him a big hug. She didn't notice his nudity until she felt his large slimy member press against her thigh. She stepped back and looked at it. Cameron was terrified to see how she was going to react.
To his surprise though she just looked at it, smiled, and laughed. "I'm guessing that is Angie's fault." She has always been a bit of a slob. We shared a room when we were younger and I could never get her to help clean it. I'm Becky by the way. Angie's younger sister."
"I...I...I was just looking for the bathroom." Was all Cameron could squeeze out.
"That's understandable. That thing would probably take an entire tub to clean all by itself anyways." Becky joked. "Follow me." Without putting on an ounce of extra clothes, Becky led him down the hall. He couldn't help but stare at her cute little butt as she bounced down the hall. He was ashamed to admit that it was making him chub up a little more.
Cameron followed her into the bathroom. "Thanks. And sorry for walking in on you when you were changing. And for exposing myself to you."
Becky tilted her head like a confused puppy. "You're not seeing anything more than if I was in a bikini at the beach. Actually, this covers up quite a bit more than my bikini. I typically wear a thong so I get less tan lines."
Cameron tried desperately not to picture that, but it was no use. His stiffening was becoming apparent again. As he willed the thoughts away, he didn't notice Becky running warm water over a washcloth. It was only brought to his attention when she began cleaning his penis with it.
"I can do that!" He exclaimed, trying to avoid getting any bigger.
"Nonsense. You are a guest in our house. My mom would be horrified if I didn't treat you like a prince. She's always been obsessed with being the absolute best hostess. And she also tried to instill those values into us."
The warm moist towel sliding up and down his shaft and the occasional grip of her dainty delicate hands was too much for Cameron to take. He planted a hand on the vanity to keep himself from falling and he blasted cum all over his fiance's younger sister's hair, face, and chest.
Again, it startled her for a second. But her smile quickly returned. She giggled and said, "I guess I should have seen that coming." And without saying another word, she stood and stripped off her bra.
Cameron's eyes went wide as he saw her small breasts topped by thick hard nipples. They weren't as big as Angie's or Judy's, but they were just as hot in their own way. "What are you doing?"
Becky looked at him like he had asked her a stupid obvious question. "I'm covered in cum, so I'm going to shower off." Then she dropped her panties and he saw her tiny bald slit. He quickly put his penis away before it got wild again.
"Um, right. Well, I'll leave you to that then." He started to back out of the room as she turned the water on and tested the temperature with her hand.
"Nonsense." Cameron kept hearing that word. It must have been a common phrase in the family. The irony was that he felt like he was the only one actually making any sense. "You're about to be my brother in law and I only know what Angie has told me."
"But won't it be awkward for me to be in here while you are taking a shower?"
Becky looked at him and for the first time had a slightly dull hurt look in her eyes. Then he remembered what Angie had told him. "No matter what, roll with it." Him putting up so much protestation was basically calling their behavior weird. Cameron could imagine this family might have been called weird a lot over the years because of their uniqueness. "Do you have a problem with me?" Becky asked with a slight tremble in her chin. Her big round eyes looked sad and on the verge of tears. He couldn't handle that.
"Not at all. I'll absolutely stay and talk to you while you shower."
A huge grin spread across her face and she leapt towards him. Becky wrapped her arms around his neck in a big hug. Cameron hugged her back as he didn't want to offend her again. His hands accidently grabbed her butt first, but he quickly moved them to the small of her back. Then she turned away and climbed behind the shower curtain.
At least the curtain was opaque, Cameron thought. He heard the water splashing off her supple skin and hit the shower floor. He tried very hard not to imagine what was going on behind the curtain.
"So, what do you do for a living?" Becky called from behind the curtain. "I thought I remember Angie saying something about you being a doctor or something?"
"Kinda. I'm a Physical Therapist." Cameron was surprised by how instantly the situation felt normal.
"Tell me about that. What drew you to the field?"
So, Cameron began telling her about his injury in high school that introduced him to physical therapy, and about all the amazing stories of recovery he had seen over the years. At first Becky seemed to be following along. She was giving the "yeah's" and "uh uh's" at all the right times. But gradually her responses became a little nasally and more frequent than normal conversation would dictate. Then he noticed the sounds of the water splashing had become steady and rhythmic. Finally he realized her breathing had become quite ragged, not to mention he could hear it over the roar of the shower.
'What was she doing back there?' Cameron wondered. He had so quickly become accustomed to the situation that he didn't think anything about peeking behind the curtain until it was too late for him to turn back.
Becky had the detachable shower head inches from her pussy. She was also pulling on her nipple with her free hand, and who knew what she was imagining behind her closed eyes. The image was so erotic he could not turn away. If he hadn't already cum twice in the last 30 minutes then he would probably have been cuming in his pants upon seeing this.
Her moans were no longer disguised by the active listening responses that had been hiding them earlier. She was full on moaning and groaning in pleasure. Cameron watched the water stream from her crotch down her smooth long legs. He noticed her cute butt pulsing up and down as her legs threatened to give out under the immense weight of her impending orgasm.
And then the dam burst. Becky's moaning became pleasurable screaming and her left knee began shaking uncontrollably. Her head fell backwards as her entire body seemed to spasm and shake. Cameron's keen eye to muscle control was the only thing that keyed him into the fact that her legs were about to give out and she was going to fall.
In a flash, Cameron reached out and caught her. Becky's smooth skin was supple and slippery under the moisture of water and sweat. He carefully lowered her to the tub floor as she continued convulsing in a massive orgasm. Cameron had never seen such a mind blowing and aggressive orgasm in all his life.
He realised that his hands were still on her bare skin. He knew he should pull them away now that she was out of danger, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. Then he realised that she had fainted. He never even knew it was possible for someone to faint from cumming so hard.
With one hand supporting her back, Cameron reached and turned the water off. As if under some kind of a spell, he couldn't resist what he did next. The hand that reached to turn the water off dropped to her foot. He slid it slowly up the side of her calf. He felt his heart racing as he moved it past her knee to her inner thigh. Cameron looked at her beautifully contented sleeping face, even unconscious, she was smiling.
His hand then took the plunge and slid up to her bald slit. He gently ran his fingers over the warm wet lips, before continuing the journey up across her flat toned belly. His hand traced her ribs until he was finally cupping her humble, yet beautiful breast. His thumb toyed with her nipple briefly before he finally regained his senses and slid his hand up her chest and neck until he was cradling her cheek in his palm.
Cameron gently cajoled her into waking up. As she slowly came to, she had this dreamy look in her eyes. As if she was awakening to an even better dream. "What happened?" She whispered.
"You fell, but I caught you." He was very deliberate in leaving off the part where he was watching her masturbate, and then feeling her up afterward. He felt immense guilt about that. He was not the kind of guy to take advantage of a woman. He had actually turned down sex before because he wasn't sure the woman was sober enough to make an informed consent.
Becky moaned pleasantly. "My hero." She said playfully, still in her semi dreamlike state. She kissed him on the cheek. "I was having this dream that you were running your hand up my naked body. I really didn't want it to stop."
Cameron cleared his throat to flush out all the dirty thoughts. "Let's get you up and out of here." He attempted to help her stand, but her legs were still jello.
"OK. Just wait right here." Cameron unfolded a towel on the floor of the bathroom before returning to the sleepy beauty. He laced one arm under her knees and the other under her back. He picked her up and laid her on the towel. He took another towel and dried off the front side of her body. He was trying to be as respectful and pure as possible, which was incredibly hard under the circumstances.
Cameron threw the top towel into a nearby laundry bin, and tucked his hands under the towel beneath her body so that there was some kind of a barrier between his hands and her incredibly sexy naked body. He lifted her as if she weighed nothing. Cameron tried not to think about how much it turned him on to be able to pick her up so effortlessly. He guessed it was some kind of primal hold over from caveman days. Some kind of a signifier that if he was strong enough to easily carry her like this, then he was strong enough to protect her from whatever dangers were out in the world.
In return, Becky cooed sweetly as she rested her head against Cameron's chest. She felt so safe and secure in his strong arms. She would have let him do whatever he wanted to her at that moment. He wouldn't even have to ask. But, the gentleman that he was, he simply laid her on her bed and left the room, closing the door behind him to provide her with her privacy.
Cameron splashed some cold water on his face to clear out all the erotic thoughts and feelings. He went back to his room and changed his shirt. The previous one had gotten soaked. As he headed downstairs, he couldn't help but wonder, if the first hour of being in this house was this wild, what might lie ahead.
When Cameron came downstairs he followed the sound of voices to the kitchen. Angie, Kelly, and Judy were huddled around the island in a large kitchen whispering about something into coffee mugs. As soon as he walked in they hushed and grinned. Kelly's eyes darted briefly to his groin.
Judy moved to get a mug from a cabinet. "Cameron, would you like to cum...I mean some coffee?"
Cameron eyed the two younger women. "You told her didn't you?"
Ther three women laughed uproariously. Then Judy said, "Yes, but you shouldn't be ashamed. I mean, I can't count how many people have seen me blow Frank. Watching someone orgasm is a beautiful sight."
"So you told them about what happened upstairs?" Becky said as she came bouncing into the room. She was now wearing yoga pants that were so tight that they hid very little, and a small tight midriff with a blue camo pattern on it. Cameron tried not to stare at her bouncing cheeks as she pranced past him into the room.
Then it hit him what she said, "I, um..."
"What happened upstairs?"
"Nothing." Cameron said.
"Well, that nothing sure rocked me hard." Becky joked as she picked up Angie's coffee to take a sip.
Cameron saw Angie's surprised expression and jumped in. "It's not what you think."
"Yea, We didn't have sex. I just accidently gave him a hand job while trying to clean him up. After he came on my face, I took a quick shower while he told me about his work. I couldn't stop thinking about his shaft, so I started masturbating, and he caught me just as I started to fall."
"You gave another one of my boyfriends a handjob?" Angie scolded playfully.
"Wait. This has happened before?"
"Yes. With nearly every single guy I bring home."
Becky shrugged. "Someone's got to make sure you aren't dating any runts."
Angie laughed. "Yea, that someone is me."
Cameron could not believe the conversation he was hearing.
"Alright, I'm sorry. I just couldn't help myself. His cum soaked sausage just looked so tasty."
Angie's demeanor changed instantly. "It does taste good, doesn't it?"
"Oh Yea!"
"Yea, I just got a small drop off of Angie's chin earlier and I nearly wet myself." Kelly said.
"Wow! Now I'm jealous. It looks like I'm the only one that hasn't gotten to taste him yet." Judy said.
Cameron didn't know how to respond to that statement. Thankfully, the topic of conversation turned and everyone seemed to forget about his cum. The night stretched on, they had dinner, watched a movie, and Judy and Frank turned in for the night.
That left Cameron, Angie, Kelly, and Becky lounging around in the living room. They had all had a little too much to drink. Including Becky who was technically not old enough. Her thin frame couldn't hold it either. She was giggling like a schoolgirl and dancing around the living room to a song in her own head. Angie was leaning back against Cameron on the couch, and Becky was leaning back on the other side of the couch.
Then Becky asked a question that would have been shocking in any other family. It might have even been shocking in this family if everyone hadn't been quite drunk at the moment. "Ang...How do you fit all that?"
"How do I fit all that?" Angie asked, genuinely confused.
"I've seen your sex toys." Then she whispered in Cameron's direction. "Borrowed a few too."
"Becky." Angie playfully scolded her sister.
Becky ignored her and asked again. "How do you fit all eight inches inside your hoo hoo." Everyone laughed at her childish term for Angie's vagina. "I mean, he's at least two inches bigger than your biggest toy."
Angie grinned salaciously and looked up at Cameron. "Let's just say they were never big enough."
Everyone laughed, but then Cameron remembered something. He grimaced and looked at his fiancee. "I thought you couldn't get off with toys."
She smiled up at him and said, "I couldn't after I had you." She gave him a peck on the lips.
Kelly randomly laughed, and everyone looked at her waiting for the woman to explain her outburst. When she realized she was the center of attention, she explained. "Angie, do you remember my bachelorette party?"
"Yea, I do." Angie thought back with a dreamy expression on her face.
"What? What happened?" Becky asked excitedly. She had been too young at the time to attend. She plopped down on her knees in front of Kelly like it was story time. What only Cameron seemed to notice was her shirt rode up in the front when she leaned against the couch. He could just barely see her erect nipple peeking out from under her shirt.
Angie didn't notice that, but she did feel him starting to tent up under the blanket they were sharing. Under the blanket she subtly began to rub his balls through his pants. Cameron gritted his teeth and kissed the crown of her head.
"OK, so we had a Dancing Bear at the party. And one of my friends mentioned an old game that she had heard of once. It was called Rainbow. Basically, each girl put on a different shade of lipstick and tried to see how much of the strippers pole they could choke down. The lipstick was the marker for distance."
"Who won?" Becky asked
Under the cover of the blanket, Angie slid Cameron's zipper down and slipped his hard on out. Then she began to jerk it slowly enough that it wouldn't be noticed under the blanket.
"I did." Kelly said proudly. "Those other girls didn't stand a chance."
A few seconds later Becky's face brightened. "We should play that." Then she looked at Cameron. "With him."
Angie stopped her jerking at the sudden attention. They both froze in shock. Then Becky jumped up and pulled the blanket off. Neither she nor Kelly had anticipated his member being out again. "Wow!" Exclaimed Kelly. "Does that thing ever get tired?"
"No it doesn't." Angie said proudly, before taking him almost completely into her mouth.
Becky surprised everyone again. By dropping down and measuring how much was left exposed of his shaft with her finger. "I'd say about half an inch left."
Kelly clapped. "Very respectable."
As soon as Angie pulled off, Becky jumped on and nearly impaled her through on his pole. What she had in enthusiasm though, she lost in depth. She could only get about three quarters of him into her mouth. She tried to force herself down more, but she couldn't make it.
Then a surprising voice entered the room. "Becky, how many times do I have to tell you. Relax your throat and take it slow." It was Judy, and she was naked as the day she was born.
Becky pulled off and said, "I know, I just get too excited."
The whole situation had Cameron frozen. He had just been caught in her living room recieveing a blow job from two of this woman's daughter's. But that was one of the last things on his mind as he looked at the woman's phenomenal body. Her huge tits seemed to defy gravity, and the nipples were the size of gumballs. Her pussy was clean shaven and as tight and wrinkle free as a woman half her age.
Cameron moved to cover up with the blanket but Judy said, "Don't do that. It's my turn."
Cameron was stunned as the woman walked over to him, gracefully lowered herself to her knees, and then bent over and took him into her mouth. Cameron felt nothing but warm moist air until his tip felt the back of her throat constricting around it gently. Then the rest of her mouth closed like a venus fly trap around him. Her nose was firmly buried in his pubic hair and his shaft was completely invisible.
"Way to go mom!" Becky cheered. "I guess you win this round."
As Judy slowly dragged her lips across Cameron's shaft he nearly came. Especially when he heard Kelly speak up. "Excuse me? I haven't had my turn yet." Then she stood, walked over, and took Judy's place.
"But the best you could do is match her." Becky said.
"Child, you have a lot to learn." Then Kelly bent over Cameron's throbbing soaking wet rod. She had a different method than Judy. She pursed her lips together as if she were going to kiss the tip. As soon as her lips touched him, they parted just enough for his shaft to enter her mouth.
Kelly dragged her lips across the surface of his sensitive member, all the way down until she had matched Judy. Becky took a breath to give her I told you so, but she had to hold it as Kelly parted her lips. She stretched out her tongue and somehow managed to draw his balls, one at a time into her mouth.
Amazingly, she had not only his entire member down her throat, but her bottom jaw had encompassed his acorns as well. That was more than Cameron could handle at this point. He instantly began shooting a massive load down her throat. Kelly never even flinched as she swallowed every drop. She sucked him until he started to go limp.
As soon as Kelly pulled off everyone started cheering. Except Cameron, he had just realised what happened. He looked at Angie and said, "I'm so sorry, I don't know what came over me..." He continued begging her permission until he realised that she was jerking him off again. "What? What are you doing?"
Angie smiled sweetly at him. "Getting you ready for round two." Then she stood, unbuttoned her jeans and slid them down her body, taking her panties with them. That one act, in this insane situation, got him back in the game faster than her hand could have ever. Then she straddled him and lowered herself onto him until she was almost completely impaled on his shaft.
After a few pulses, she was satisfied with her impressive score of the entire pole. Then she pulled off and Kelly went next. As he watched her strip off her bottoms, he grew more excited as he had never been with a black woman before. He had seen plenty naked in porn, but never in person. As she slid her smooth slit down around him, he couldn't help but admire the beauty in the contrast of their skin coming together.
Kelly couldn't help but moan as she had never had someone as big as this inside of her. She was removing her shirt and pulling on her beautiful nipples before she remembered that they weren't really having sex, just a contest. Disappointed, she pulled off of him just narrowly losing to Angie by a half inch. She stepped off of him and sat in a chair across from him. Everyone was so focused on him, that only Cameron noticed that she was still toying with her clit.
Becky jumped up super excited for her turn. "Me next! I've wanted to get that thing in me from the moment I wrapped my hands around it." Everyone laughed, Kelly's laugh sounded more like a moan though. Cameron glanced over and saw that her whole body was beginning to tense and shake from an impending orgasm.
Becky peeled off her yoga pants to reveal her tiny tight pussy. She knew she didn't stand a chance, but winning was no longer really her primary goal. She stretched her lips as wide as she could with her right middle and pointer finger before shoving him inside. Becky was only able to get down about half way before she bottomed out. But she was tight as a clam. She was also screaming in pleasure with just the first thrust.
In that moment she decided that she was not getting off, until she got off. She began bouncing up and down wildly screaming in pleasure the entire way. She tore her t-shirt off like she was the Hulk and threw the tattered remains to the side. She pinched and twisted her nipples. For the youngest one here, she sure seemed to be the wildest.
Cameron felt his balls rumbling right as Becky came and collapsed onto his chest. She stopped pumping which made his impending eruption die down a little. He was disappointed that he couldn't finish, but he was also relieved because he wasn't sure how Angie would feel about him cumming in her sister.
Angie seemed to read his mind, because she leaned in and whispered in his ear. "You wouldn't be the first." As she sat back he saw a big reassuring grin on her face.
"Alright, you had your fun, now it's my turn." Judy said as she helped her daughter's tiny frame off of him.
Judy wasted no time in sliding onto him next. The only problem was he was still high as a kite from Becky's tight pussy. He came instantly. Some primal part of his subconscious made him lunge forward and latch onto Judy's nipple as he pumped his seed into her. That apparently sent her libido into overdrive. With one hand she held Cameron's face tightly to her breast, where he suckled like a baby. With her other hand she played with her clit, while she wiggled her hips around in circles on his cumming shaft. Cameron reached up and played with her other breast and nipple.
Before Cameron could get soft, Judy was shooting like a rocket to an orgasm. And just like a rocket, when she did fire off, she launched off of his member trailing squirt behind her. Judy collapsed onto the floor behind her, but continued to rub her clit. She screamed and bucked her hips into the air, her juices squirting out like champagne, drenching Cameron in the process. After a few more pelvic thrusts into the air, she collapsed to the ground breathing heavy.
"That was intense." Angie joked. Cameron noticed that she was now fingering herself. As hot as he found that, he was spent. But then she started jerking him again with her free hand.
"Wha... What are you doing?" He asked breathlessly.
"What do you think? Getting you ready for round three?"
Cameron was too tired to be shocked. "As much fun as that sounds, I've got nothing left in me."
Seeing that he wasn't responding to the encouragement from her hand, she said, "I think you just need a little more stimuli." She looked at the other three women in the room. "Becky, balls. Kelly, blow job. Mom..." Angie paused to pull off her shirt, exposing her amazing huge tits. "Cameron's a boob guy. That's our department."
Everyone sprung into action. Becky began licking, sucking and fondling his balls. Kelly's expert mouth felt amazing on his flaccid spent member. Angie and Judy began to nearly smother Cameron between their tits. He never in a million years thought he would be in such a position. He felt like a king in an orgy of concubines. But, as hot as all of this was, he couldn't get going again. Even when he sucked two different nipples into his mouth at once.
Yet again though, Angie knew exactly what to say. She took his left hand and placed it on her lower back. Then she guided it down to grope her butt cheek. "Did I forget to mention that round three is anal?" Angie shoved his middle finger into her tight puckered hole. His eyes shot open, and his shaft immediately began to fill again.
They had never done anal before. Not with each other, or anyone. He was curious to try it, but too afraid to ask. Cameron felt her hole tighten and clinch around his finger and couldn't help but imagine how that would feel around his prick. He was instantly at full mast. Kelly announced the readiness of their new toy.
"OK. We need to keep him highly motivated. That means both heads need to be simultaneously stimulated at once. I'm going first as we will be losing our anal virginity together." Angie ordered.
Becky jumped up. "I'll take his face."
On three, everyone moved. Becky climbed up and lowered her pussy to Cameron's lips. He stuck his tongue into her tight lips and frenched her like he hadn't kissed another woman in years. Becky, who had never had an experienced man go down on her before, was having her mind blown. She was experiencing new levels of pleasure that she didn't know existed. She could barely breathe and felt herself getting light headed.
Angie climbed down, spread her cheeks, and slowly guided his massive shaft into her virgin hole. It was tight, and it took her several shallow pumps to relax, but she finally got most of him into her. As she bounced on him, she fingered herself with one hand while fondling her breasts with the other. She rode him for about 10 minutes before she came hard and squirted for the first time in her life.
During this time, Becky came about once a minute for the entire ten. The final one though was so intense that she started convulsing and collapsed onto the couch next to him. Her final orgasm was so intense that she passed out once the convulsions finished.
Then it was Kelly's turn for anal while Judy was eaten out. Judy was a little harder to impress as she was much more experienced. But Cameron found her button and he accidentally slid a thumb into her butt as he was groping her cheeks.
Kelly followed suit with what Angie did on her turn. Again this round went for about ten minutes when both women came at the same time. Then they hoped off and Judy easily impaled herself on his drenched erection.
This time though, Angie climbed on top of Cameron. He felt her pussy rubbing against his belly. She took his head in her hands and pressed his face deeply into her breasts. Angie rubbed her pussy up and down his belly like she was tribbing with another woman. After roughly another ten minutes, Angie and Judy came hard and soaked Cameron from head to toe.
Cameron would have never lasted this long if he hadn't been so spent. But by this point he was fully revived with his second wind. It wouldn't take much longer to send him over the edge one last time. Which worked out as Becky was the last one to go. Thankfully she had finally woken up and was ready for anything.
But instead of climbing on top of him like everyone else. She grabbed his hand and helped him into a standing position. "If we're going to do this let's do this right." Then she bent over the couch. Becky looked back at Cameron as he stepped up into position. "I want you to take me rough, like your life depended on you cumming inside me."
That made Cameron nervous. "I don't want to hurt you."
Becky rolled her eyes and growled. "Everyone's always worried about hurting me. I may be small, but I'm tough. Now get in there, and pound me like there's no tomorrow."
Becky sounded so uncharacteristically aggressive, that he didn't even think of disobeying her. He lined up, grabbed her hips and shoved himself inside her as hard as possible. Her scream was a mix of pain and pleasure, but between gasps she screamed to keep going. So he did.
Cameron humped as hard as he could with his hips, while he pulled her hips back into him as forcefully as he could. The tension, noise, and pleasure built so fast, that Cameron was surprised when he felt Becky squirting all over his feet. She was also going into another one of her seizures like orgasms.
That was all he needed to finish off. He blew his biggest load of the night inside of her. He came so much that sperm started spewing out of her butt around his shaft. This actually triggered one final squirting orgasm for Becky before they both collapsed in exhaustion.
The next morning everyone slept till noon and was walking like they had run a marathon the day before. Kelly was especially appreciative as she hadn't had a proper sexual release since her husband had been shipped out overseas. Cameron couldn't believe what had happened the night before until Angie confessed something to him. They had actually planned this as a conjoined bachelor/bachelorette party.
Angie knew that a wild orgy like that would be much more appealing to him than a strip club with a bunch of guys. And on the reverse, no guy, not even a stripper, could satisfy her the way Cameron did. She simply wanted her last wild night before marriage to be with the people she loved the most.
That is to say if that was the last wild night they had...
The End.