Hello readers, this is my first attempt to write erotica so please feel free to comment on the story.
*****
A few years ago I and my wife decided to have an open marriage. I have always fantasized about being something between a cuckold and regular consensual sex between my wife and others. As long as we keep within the rules anything goes. More details about the rules later.
Introductions
My name is Andy and I am 35 years old. I am about 6ft tall and medium built. I used to hit the gym in my early 20's but my body has softened up a since then. I am medium built and have a 7'' cock. I have two profound problems, First, I cum very fast. Less than five minutes in an intimate session if my wife even holds my cock in her hand let alone rub it, I will cum instantly. Second, my cock is very thin; way thinner than an average dick.
We got married in UK and moved to Toronto in Canada in 2006. The only family we have in Canada is my cousin who is married with two kids. Even before marriage we had a very active sex life between ourselves. Sally was not like your typical conservative wife. We had sex several times a day and spent several weekends on the bed fucking each other out and trying different things. My wife is 34 years. She is 5'6'' and has smooth white skin. She has fantastic milky white 34D boobs that seem to fall out of whatever dress she wears. She weighs about 155 and a has fat in all the right parts of her body. Her ass is so squeezable. A lot of friends tell her that she looks like Katy Perry. She is sexually insatiable and never gets tired of sex. She can have lots and lots of orgasms before she gets tired.
Because my cock is so thin and I cannot hold my cum for long time I don't think my wife has ever cum while I was fucking her with my pencil dick. She orgasms with my fingers rubbing her clit or my tongue inside her pussy and her cumming all over my face. We had decided that we are not going to have any kids so she got surgery done. This sets her up nicely to cheat of me, fuck others and take loads of cum in her pussy without getting pregnant.
Over the years I have slowly introduced porn to her and we would watch erotic videos of couples having sex and have mind blowing sessions. I used to pre select DVD/Online videos that we watched during our sessions. While browsing I started coming across videos where the theme was the wife is getting fucked by other men while the husband watched. I was really turned on by these videos. Slowly I started playing these videos during our sessions and my wife didn't seem to mind. In fact she seemed to enjoy these videos. I could see in her eyes she wanted a big fat dick in her pussy that could fuck her all night and make her orgasm multiple times. One time I had a video showing a MILF riding a guy with a huge cock In the video the MILF had her eyes covered and was moaning like crazy and enjoying the massive dick in her pussy. The scene made my wife so hot that she starting rubbing her pussy.
"Are you imagining this huge cock pounding your pussy and making you cum?" I asked.
"Yesss, she said while still rubbing her clit."
"Then who don't you go ahead and find a man with a cock like that who can fuck your brains out." I told her.
"I will soon, Now please lick me, I need to cum."
I went down on her, she pressed her pussy against my face and I licked her till she came all over my face. I knew my wife was wanted more than my pencil dick that cums in less than 5 minutes to satisfy her. She didn't say anything to me as she loved me and didn't want to hurt me.
How it started:
It was a typical Saturday, we went out shopping and had to stop by the home of our friends Adam and Kyla to pick up a couple of wall paintings before returning home. Adam is 37 years, is 5'6''ft tall, weighs 200lbs and is more on the heavier side. From what I have seen in change rooms his cock is something that should be banging my wife's sweet pussy. Even when not excited his cock is way thicker than mine and as long as mine. I can only imagine how huge it will be when erect. The thought of my wife naked riding Adam's cock really gets me hard and I know my wife knows that.
It was a hot summer day and my wife had worn a short summer dress that was very loose fitting. The dress ended probably between her knees and her pussy showing off her sexy legs and accentuating her yummy ass. All she had underneath the dress were some sexy panties with a tiny triangle in the front. Adam and Kayla were expecting us so as soon as we rang the doorbell, they opened the door and invited us inside to their living room. The room had two low couches facing each other. I sat on one of the couches and my wife sat on the opposite end with Kayla.
Adam got all of us some drinks and sat next to me. Adam was sitting bang opposite my wife and I was sitting in front of Kayla. We started some casual conversation. While we were chatting I noticed that the way my wife was sitting her legs opened and I could see a lot of her white creamy thighs. I am sure Adam could see her sexy legs and probably more as he was right in front of her. My mind started racing and I started wondering how much could Adam see. Could he see her panties? Maybe pussy hair? As we kept chatting my wife's legs would open up and close casually giving Adam a sexy view. Soon, I saw a bulge in Adam's pants which got me really excited. I started fantasizing about Adam fucking my wife again.
To get a better look at what Adam could see I excused myself to use the washroom. On my way back I walked right behind Adam and stood there for a few minutes making casual conversation before waking my way back to the couch. And what a sight it was. My wife was sitting on the edge of the couch with her legs spread and Adam could see her creamy thighs in her full glory. Whenever she spread her legs a little he got a good view of her panty covered pussy before she closed her legs. I looked at my wife and she smiled at me.
I gave her a thumbs up and texted her "Adam is really enjoying looking at your legs. I think he can even see your panties."
My wife read the text and smiled.
After a few minutes Kayla got up to grab the paintings from the basement and my wife excused herself to go to the washroom. I went with Kayla to help her get the painting. It took us a good 10-15 minutes to get the paintings as we had move stuff in the basement to get to it. When we came back, my wife was sitting down where we had left her. Seeing the paintings in my hand my wife got up to leave and Adam and Kayla walked us to the door. I saw a huge bulge in Adam's pants which he tried very hard to hide from his wife. My wife saw it too and smiled at me.
That night while having sex I mentioned to my wife "Did you notice that Adam had a hard on while we were leaving."
"Yes I did, I guess I did not sit like a very good girl and he got an eyeful. I am sure you noticed that while we were sitting on the couch and I gave him a little show, I hope you didn't mind. Looking at these videos I am sure you have fantasized a lot more."
I was surprised and excited by her comments and I started imagining Adam fucking my wife again which gave me a huge hard on. She noticed it, held my cock in her hand and started stroking it.
"It looked like he has a much thicker cock than yours so while you and Kayla were gone to the basement I went to the washroom, lifted my dress, removed my panties, put it in my bag and came back quickly. My panties were soaked. When I sat down, I started making small talk with Adam again and this time I sat on the very edge of the couch and spread my legs wide. I am sure he could see my wet pussy lips as well as the trimmed hair on the top. I was so horny. I could have fucked him right there. Adam was just staring at my pussy without even looking at me and I am sure he remembers exactly what your wife's pussy looks like."
I came the second time that evening all over her hands. We went to the washroom to clean up and started taking again.
"Now that you have shown him your pussy maybe you should fuck him to see how thick his cock really is. Maybe I will get to fuck Kayla. She is not as sexy as you are but still good looking."
"That would not be easy as Kayla is a very conservative lady and would never allow Adam to even go to a strip club. You can forget about having sex with her."
"Hmm" I said thinking about this, "maybe you can just fuck him and forget about Kayla, watching you fuck him is so much better."
"That is a possibility but how do we plan this out, you know we have other friends and I am not sure how they will react if they find out. They may stop talking to us."
I thought about this and said, "Well I was not in the room when Adam saw your pussy so it was like you did it without me knowing. Let's keep it that way for Adam. Why don't you fuck him behind my back like you are cheating on me? This way it will be like a secret between you and Adam. Kayla and our other friends will not know and I will pretend that I don't know. You can tell me the details of how it went later and if I really want to watch I can hide in the closet or setup a hidden camera in a room or something."
All this talking got me excited again and I touched my wife pussy. She was more excited than me and was soaking wet. As I started to stroke her pussy she put one of her legs over the bathroom counter and pushed my head down towards her pussy. I was on my knees and was now licking her pussy. I was sucking on her clit and licking all around her pussy. I spread her pussy lips and started licking deep inside and put two fingers in her wet snatch. She was now moaning.
"Òh yes, that's it, lick my pussy, lick it more, that feels so good, keep sucking my clit."
With that she pushed my head more and came with a big gush. I had her cum all over my face.
With a satisfied look on her face she hugged me and said "I hope you don't think I don't love you because I want to fuck other men."
"Other men", I thought to myself, we were only talking about one guy for now. I guess the videos had an effect on her and I was not complaining as I could see my deepest fantasies being fulfilled.
"Not at all, I always wanted to see you being fucked by other guys and I love you even more for doing this."
"OK, let's plan this later." By this time we were in bed, exhausted and fell asleep quickly.
Well the "plan later" happened within a week of wife's pussy show. More to come.