MONDAY
They woke still spooning and continued where they left off before Caleb was forced to halt the fun so that they could get to work on time.
Cora's bathroom routine was a little rushed but her whole pussy was nice and smooth as she stepped into one of her summer microdresses. It was when Caleb slapped her butt that she remembered the previous morning's spanking. She pulled up the back of the dress in front of a mirror, looked at her butt and said,
"If I'm not careful someone is going to ask me how my butt got as red as it is."
"Thanks for reminding me Cora." Caleb said.
"Reminding you of what?"
"Nothing dear, I hope that you have a good day at work. Tomorrow will be a nice day for you to wear something as well as a dress, something that will let me make sure that you have a great day."
Cora was a bit puzzled but didn't say anything and soon they were both driving in different directions to their respective work places.
Halfway through the morning Cora went to do her regular teasing of Mr. Hope and just as she was about to end the display of her bare butt and pussy to him he said,
"Cora, a minute please."
Stood in front of Mr. Hope's desk she heard him say,
"Cora, I have received a video on my phone from a number that I don't recognise which might just explain why your buttocks are so red this morning."
Cora's face started to turn red, She knew exactly which video he was talking about and she knew who had sent it to him.
"Is there anything that you want to tell me Cora?"
There was a few seconds silence before Cora replied,
"Well Mr. Hope, I'm guessing that it was my boyfriend that sent you the video, he joked that he might. I'm sorry that he sent it and sorry that you have to see it. I'd be very happy if you were to just delete it."
"Not so fast Cora, are you admitting that it is you in this video because the video is of a girl's backside getting spanked. The whole video is only 2 minutes long and doesn't show the girl's face. There is audio but the voice isn't very clear so it was only when you bent over at the filing cabinet that I thought that it might be you."
Cora was kicking herself. Caleb must have edited the video and only sent Mr. Hope part of the original video. She could have denied that it was her in the video and Mr. Hope couldn't have proved otherwise.
"So that IS you, totally naked and getting spanked?"
It was too late to deny it, too much of a coincidence, so she meekly said,
"Yes sir."
"Well Cora, You have changed quite a lot in the last few months. When you started here you were a demure young lady who dressed like she was going to Sunday school, but look at you now, clearly not wearing a bra and clearly not wearing any knickers, and a skirt that barely covers you genitals. I bet that if you were to lean back just the slightest little bit I would be to see your genitals."
Cora guessed that that was partially because Mr. Hope was sat down but she decided to test the theory and leant back a little.
"There, I told you Cora, I can see your vulva and clitoris."
Cora got a burst of confidence.
"Well Mr. Hope, what happens now? You can't go to HR because of what you said previously, and you have promised to oppose any change to the company dress code just so long as I don't talk to Mrs Hope so what next? Your actions in staring at me every time that I get something out of that filing cabinet, and today's questioning me about my private life, even if you have been anonymously sent a video of me, in my private life, in an act of sexual foreplay, leads me to think that you have some sort of personal, romantic interest in me."
"No, no."
"And as you know Mr. Hope, any such interest would be against company policy, so would talking about my accidental exposure at that filing cabinet and staring at my accidental exposure right now. You do like what you're looking at Mr. Hope don't you?"
"Well of course Cora, what man wouldn't like to see what I'm looking at right now."
"Oh Mr. Hope, you've screwed-up again, you're letting your penis rule your brain, you can't deny that you like looking at my pussy. Tell you what Mr. Hope, I'll let you look at my pussy whenever you want if you look favourably on me when it comes to salary review time."
"Cora, you're forgetting that I have a video of you getting spanked and you weren't making much of an attempt to keep your legs together. The amount of vaginal secretions on show tells anyone who sees it that you were highly aroused which makes it a video that many, many men would like to possess."
"Maybe so Mr. Hope, but there's nothing like the real thing is there?
"That's true Cora. Tell you what, I'll say nothing and think favourably about you at Christmas and you keep letting me look at your butt and pussy, and the occasional look at your tits would be nice as well."
Cora smiled and went to the top of the zip of her dress. It went from between her breasts to the hem where it could easily detach. Cora pulled the zip down from top to bottom, freed the sides of her dress and held them wide open for Mr. Hope to see her totally uncovered front.
After a few seconds Mr. Hope said,
"Thank you Cora, you make an old man happy and I hope that you continue to do so."
"Anytime that you want Mr. Hope."
Cora zipped up and went about her day feeling very proud of herself and she just knew that Caleb would be proud of her when she told him.
Back at her desk Cora was happy and the rest of her day went quite quickly.
That evening Cora asked Caleb about the video and he confirmed that he had indeed sent an edited version to Mr. Hope. When Cora told Caleb about what had happened Caleb told Cora that he wished that he'd sent him the full version.
* * * * *
TUESDAY
The following day Caleb got Cora to wear her remote control vibrator to her workplace and he told her to take her phone with her wherever she went. She was a little apprehensive but Caleb promised to not turn the vibrations up to full intensity at anytime during the day.
Cora was still apprehensive because she'd be walking around in a microdress with the pink antenna of the vibrator sticking out below the hem. She knew that Mr. Hope would notice but she was no longer worried about him, it was the other men there. She'd had comments about her short skirts but this was different, she had no idea how they would react.
Mr. Hope did notice, and Cora put on a little show for him as she bent over at the filing cabinet. She waggled her butt a little and repeatedly contracted then released her vaginal muscles so that the pink antenna was doing a little dance for him.
"Cora, a word please."
Cora shut the drawer, stood up, turned and walked over to him.
"Cora, you appear to have something sticking out of your vagina, what is it?"
"It's a vibrator sir."
Just by pure chance Caleb gave Cora a quick blast of full intensity vibrations and Cora gasped, lifted her right knee and crossed her thighs.
"Sorry sir, my boyfriend just turned up the vibrations to full intensity for a few seconds."
"I beg your pardon, how is that even possible?"
Cora smiled at Mr. Hope's lack of technology know-how and explained how it worked.
"That's amazing Cora, so if I had the app on my phone, I could control the vibrator in your vagina?"
"Yes sir."
"So how do I get this app?"
"You want to control MY vibrator, shouldn't you be getting one for Mrs Hope?"
"On thing at a time young lady, let's get me able to control yours first."
Cora was almost dumbstruck. She couldn't believe what she was hearing but at the same time liked the idea and was almost certain that Caleb would agree but she didn't want to set it up without his permission. Her pussy was his pussy and he decided what happened to it.
"I'll need to check that with my boyfriend sir."
"Fair enough, we'll talk about it in the morning."
Cora left, Caleb had left the vibrator running on a low level of vibrations and Cora was enjoying the experience.
Cora noticed the other 2 guys in the office were looking at her when she walked around but neither of them said anything to her about her skirt, nor what was hanging below it.
Just before her lunch break Cora realised that she needed to go down on the shop-floor to get some documents. She'd already been down there once that morning but everyone was too busy to really notice her but when she went down the stairs she realised that there was hardly anyone on the shop-floor.
Cursing herself for the bad timing she turned and started to go back up the stairs when a male voice said,
"Well look at you Cora, that's one hell of a dress that you've nearly got on, what can I do you for?"
Cora realised he'd deliberately reversed the last 2 words but decided to ignore it.
"I was just looking for Andy, he's got a document that I need."
"He'll be in the break room, go on in, I'm sure that he won't mind."
* * * * *
Now before It tell you the next bit of the story I have to tell you that there is a girl apprentice working on the shop-floor, Sally, the only female who works on the shop-floor.
* * * * *
When Cora went into the break room she was shocked to see Sally with her overalls down around her ankles and bent at the waist, Sally wasn't wearing anything under her overalls and her bare butt was being fucked by Andy, the man that Cora wanted to see. At the other end of Sally's torso, her head was bobbing up and down on the cock of one of the other guys from the shop-floor, her head doing its best to look up to the man's face.
Cora just stood there in silence, not believing what she was seeing. After what seemed like hours but was probably only a few seconds, another man said,
"Hi Cora, did you want something or have you just come to show us the rest of that cute body of yours?"
"What?"
"Well we've all seen your butt and pussy as you go up those stairs so I thought that you must be here to show us your tits and let us have a good look at that pussy of yours with half of that vibrator sticking out of it."
"No, I just wanted something from Andy."
"Well as you can see he's a bit busy at the moment. You'll have to wait for your turn."
"No," Cora replied, "I didn't come here to get fucked and you're not going to fuck me."
As Cora said that she crossed her arms under her breasts but all that did was raise the front of her dress a bit revealing the front of her slit and clit to the guys in the room.
"Go on Cora, get that dress off." Another man said, then the others started chanting,
"Off, off, off, off."
Cora's bad look, or was it good luck, struck again as Cora's phone did 2 things, firstly she got a text message from Caleb saying that he thought that she might be bored as it was lunchtime, and secondly, he ramped-up the vibrations so much that Cora gasped and crossed her legs trying to put pressure on her pussy to alleviate the vibrations that were sending her pussy crazy.
One of the men in the room realised what had happened, told the other to shut up then he said,
"That vibrator has just burst into life hasn't it? Either you've set it to give you random bursts or someone is controlling you. Which is it Cora?"
Well Cora wasn't exactly thinking straight and replied,
"My boyfriend."
"Well, the man said, if your boyfriend is doing that to you I'm sure that he won't mind if you strip for us."
Cora looked at him, then at Sally who was still getting fucked, her much bigger than Cora's breasts swinging about, then at the man who had just spoken to her.
"Come on Cora, you know that you want to." The man said followed by the others again chanting,
"Off, off, off."
The vibrations weren't decreasing and Cora's arousal was rapidly increasing so she reached for the hem of her dress and pulled it up. Two seconds later she was more naked than Sally was.
"Lay on the table and let us watch you cum Cora." One man said.
Well Cora's legs weren't at their strongest at the moment so she did lay on the table, what's more, she spread her legs wide apart and gripped the sides of the table with her hands.
The vibrator, along with her knowing that a good half a dozen men were seeing her naked, pussy spread and approaching an orgasm made it arrive much quicker and she verbally let them all know that it was about to crash all over her.
She was totally unaware of her surroundings for a good minute or so as her body jerked and shook until the waves passed when the vibrator finally stopped.
Cora got up onto her elbows and looked around. Two different men were using both ends of Sally's body and her tits were still swing around. All the men in the room were either watching Sally or watching her as she decided whether to be embarrassed, ashamed, mortified or happy. She chose the latter knowing that Caleb would be happy with her.
Cora got to her feet and picked up her dress. As she started to pull it down over her head Andy said,
"Same time tomorrow Cora? Now what was it you wanted from me?"
Cora told him and he told her that it was on his desk. As they walked there Andy said,
"Cora, on a lunch break we often have photographic sessions in the break room with Sally as our model, I'm sure that a few of us are wondering if you would care to join us, be another model for us?"
"I'm assuming that you mean nude model Andy?"
"Is there any other kind?" Andy replied.
"I'll think about it but don't get your hopes up."
"Oh by the way Cora, great video, I liked the way you willingly bent over that chair. Was it the same vibrator that you've got in you right now, and was it switched on?"
"What!?"
"The spanking video. I have no idea who sent it to me and it took ages to download, but it was great. If you fancy making another we can do it here one lunchtime, the lads would be only too happy to help you."
"I'll let you know." Cora replied as she picked up what she had gone to the shop-floor for and headed back up to the office where she opened the text app on her phone and sent a message to Caleb telling him what had just happened.
Cora quickly got a message back telling her that she was a good girl and that she should do as requested the next day's lunch break.
Cora happily got on with her work knowing that she had pleased Caleb and had some fun in doing so. She couldn't wait for the next day's lunch break and she hoped that Caleb would start up her vibrator again before she got home.
He didn't but she got home first and seconds after she saw Caleb's car pull into the drive her vibrator burst into life at full blast and she was squirming and dancing about as he came through the door. With the vibrator still on full blast Caleb hugged and kissed Cora and he told her that he loved her.
As he broke the kiss he reached down and flicked her clit causing the building orgasm to explode out of her, nearly causing her to collapse to the floor.
It was a long, intense orgasm helped along by the vibrator and Caleb continually flicking her clit, and when it finally started to subside Cora hugged Caleb and told him that she loved him too. Then she asked him to turn the vibrator off so that she could get the tea ready.
Over the meal Cora went into more detail of what happened to her at work, both with Mr. Hope and in the shop-floor break room. Caleb told her that he was happy for her to do whatever she wanted to do but if she was going to let them fuck her she was to tell them that they had to wear a condom. The 2 reasons that Caleb gave for that were firstly that he didn't know if all the guys would be infection free, and secondly, he didn't really want Cora to have to sit in puddle of their cum all afternoon.
After Cora had cleared away Caleb told Cora that they were going to the gym. As Cora gathered her gym things together she was a bit nervous. Caleb was going to have her wear just the white microdress and trainers. She knew that it would mean that she would be exposing her pussy to goodness knows who, that wasn't the real problem, she was worried that some miserable sod might complain to the management and get her, and Caleb thrown out and Caleb not able to go there again.
That didn't happen although Cora did have men looking at her just about all the time that they were there. There were about 8 or 9 men there all doing their own thing but their routines were disturbed as they kept stopping to look at Cora as Caleb took her through his routine which included a number of floor exercises and some time on most of the different machines.
Cora did exactly what Caleb told her to do even when it meant that she had to open her legs wide or stick them up in the air, occasionally meaning that she was exposed from ankle to waist.
Every time that Cora's legs were spread wide Caleb so wanted to rub a finger along her slit but he resisted, trying to keep his instruction on a professional basis and not give anyone the reason to say that they were taking part in some sort of sexual adventure.
Cora also wanted Caleb to touch her pussy but she understood what Caleb was trying to do. However, that didn't stop Cora's pussy from getting VERY wet, and whenever she had to spread her legs that fact became very obvious to all the men who saw her pussy.
Cora had seen the exercise bikes in the gym and she was sure that some time sitting on one of those saddles would give her some relief but Caleb bypassed the bikes as they went round the room. The net result was that when Caleb said that they were done Cora was one very sexually frustrated young woman and as soon as she was in the showers she relieved some of that frustration with the fingers of her right hand.
The rest of that frustration was relived in the car park when they got back to the car. Caleb took Cora round the back of the car, told her to take her dress off and fucked her over the back of the car until they both orgasmed. During the drive home Cora told Caleb about her session in the shower and he told her that he was happy for her.
They fucked again when they went to bed, then going to sleep in the spoon position with Caleb's soft cock resting just inside Cora's vagina.
* * * * **
WEDNESDAY
Cora woke in the same position that she went to sleep in, the only difference being that Caleb had a morning woody so she slowly moved her butt backwards and forwards until he woke up.
At Caleb's request Cora again wore her remote controlled vibrator to work and again she let Mr. Hope have a good look at it as she bent at the filing cabinet. Cora had already decided that she was going to do that every day even if it meant that he would see the string of her tampon when she was having her period.
"Cora, a minute of your time please." Mr. Hope said as Cora was starting to stand up straight.
In his office Mr. Hope continued,
"Did you ask your boyfriend about the phone program for that thing between your legs?"
"Oh yes Mr. Hope, if you let me have your phone I'll install it for you."
He did, and Cora stood tapping away at his phone as she stood in front of him holding her dress close to the bottom of her tits so that the front hem rose enough for Mr. Hope to be able to see her slit and clit.
"There Mr. Hope," Cora said, "you can just slide your finger up and down on the screen and the vibrations will increase."
Cora gave Mr. Hope his phone back, and even though she was expecting him to practice using the app she gasped as the vibrations suddenly went up to the max.
When Mr. Hope slid his finger down the screen Cora said,
"Yes, you did that to me, but please remember Mr. Hope, when the vibrations are any more than on the minimum I won't be able to concentrate on my work and I'm sure that you don't want me to become unproductive, especially as you have told me that you are going to give me a big pay rise at Christmas."
"Point taken Cora, I'll just give you the odd, sudden surprise if you look like you are daydreaming."
"Anything else sir?"
"No Cora, you can get on with your work now."
About an hour later Caleb startled Cora with a quick burst of vibrations half way through the morning but it only lasted a few seconds then at lunch time Cora headed down to the shop-floor.
As she entered the break room she again saw Sally taking cocks at both ends but this time she was totally naked, her overalls and shoes in a pile on the floor in a corner.
"Come on Cora, get 'em off." One of the workmen said.
"Where's the cameras and lights?" Cora asked.
The response was that nearly all the men there got out their smart phones, turned on the flash light app, and pointed them at Cora.
"So you want me to take my dress off? Then what?"
"Get up on that table and spread your legs for us."
An expressionless Cora started unbuttoning her dress but inside she was excited and her pussy was tingling something rotten.
"No undies again Cora?" One man asked as her naked body came into view.
"She hasn't been wearing any for weeks." Another man said.
Cora climbed up onto the table and the men directed Cora into different poses both on her back and on her hands and knees. Needless to say that in every pose her knees were wide apart and Cora heard lots of camera shutter sounds and saw lots of flashes.
"How do we switch that thing on?" One man asked as he pointed to the pink antenna sticking out of Cora's vagina.
"My boyfriend controls it from his phone." Cora replied as she tensed then relaxed her vaginal muscles causing the antenna to jump up then fall back down.
"Shit, you need to tell him to switch it on every lunchtime Cora." Another man said.
By that time Cora was again on her back with her legs spread wide and her head turned to one side. She was watching Sally get another load of sperm in her mouth and all over her face. When the man finished painting her face Sally looked over to Cora and smiled. Cora smiled back and decided that she'd have to have a chat with Sally.
"So would your boyfriend get upset if we were to touch you Cora?" Andy asked.
"No. I told him what happened yesterday and he said that touching me was okay."
Well that was like taking a sheet of glass from between a joint of meat and a starving lion, all of a sudden Cora was closely surrounded by men and hands were going everywhere.
Poor Cora had never had so many men's hands on her body and the feeling was just too much for her. The excitement of the situation boiled over into a very pleasurable orgasm involving shaking and jerking, none of which stopped the men from groping her which only extended the time of Cora's orgasm.
When she finally started to come down from her high most of the men had gone but Andy and Sally were still there, Sally pulling on her overalls over her naked body. Cora got off the table and just stood there watching Sally.
"So Cora," Andy said, "Is this going to be a regular thing Cora, you coming down here on a lunchtime and getting your kit off?"
"Do you want it to be? What about Sally here, I'd hate to spoil any of her fun."
"Believe me Cora," Sally said, "having another girl here will take some of the pressure off me, these guys all want me every day and it's wearing me out."
"So all the guys want to fuck me as well as Sally?"
"Are you joking Cora, like Sally you have one hell of a hot body and every one of those guys, and me, would love to fuck both of you every day."
"Err Andy, lunch break is only 60 minutes long so you're going to have to come up with some sort of rota because I sure a hell aren't staying back after 5 o'clock, I've got a boyfriend to keep happy."
"So have I." Cora added.
"And you'd better get a whole load more condoms because that box is nearly empty and I'm not doing it bareback with any of you." Sally said.
"And I'm guessing that you'd want the guys to always use condoms Cora?" Andy asked.
"Of course, fingers and mouths won't make me pregnant but cocks could give us something nasty and if one of you gave us something then you'd all get it."
"One pallet load of condoms coming up girls. How many guys can you cope with each day?"
"I've been taking 3 in each end each day," Sally said, "but that's too many, I'm getting knackered. What do you think Cora, a maximum of 2 in our pussies and 2 in our mouths each day?"
"That's okay with me but can we make it just Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays, have a day off from the fucking on Wednesdays, give us a chance to recover?"
"I like that idea Cora." Sally said.
"Okay girls, this girls making the rules could go too far if were not careful, Cora, maybe you should get dressed and go back upstairs, and Sally, you have work to do."
"Okay boss. I'll be there in a minute." Sally said then she turned to Cora and continued,
"Cora, next Wednesday when we get the lunch break off, do you fancy going for a quick drink and a chat?"
"Good idea." Cora replied.
"Sally, work, now." Andy said.
Sally and Andy left and Cora started to get dressed.
Cora had just started working again when her vibrator burst into life and she got a text message from Caleb.
"Sorry it's late, big job on, hope you had fun."
Cora had to sit at her desk trying to keep still and quiet for the next 10 minutes until Caleb witched the vibrator off.
Back at home Cora was eager to tell Caleb about her day and Caleb was eager to tell Cora about what Harry and George had found. Caleb was a gentleman and let Cora tell him all about her day first, and in particular what she had agreed to do each lunch time, and it wasn't until they were driving to the swimming pool that Caleb had the chance to tell Cora that they were going to Jack and Willow's house on the Saturday to talk about a holiday.
Rose was on duty in the reception of the leisure centre and she smiled at them when they walked in.
"There's only a handful of people here so you should get some privacy." Rose said as she gave Caleb the change.
"Thanks," Caleb replied, "maybe see you later then."
This time Cora was more confident about wearing the bikini that Caleb bought her and it clung to her tits and pubes as soon as she pressed the button on the shower.
David the lifeguard paid them no attention as he looked down from his high up chair and Caleb was a little disappointed that neither of the 2 old men who were swimming lengths pains any attention to Cora's near nudity.
After their swim Caleb decided to take a chance with Cora's bikini and he led her into the changing rooms then pulled on the strings releasing the bikini.
"Not going to the sauna this week?" Cora asked.
"Yes we are but I thought that you could leave the bikini here tonight."
"But what if there are other people there, more than just Ben?"
"Then they'll get a very pleasant surprise."
"Well if you're sure?"
"I am." Replied Caleb as he took her hand and led the totally naked Cora out of the changing room and along the deserted corridor to the sauna room.
As they walked Cora decided that she didn't feel any more naked than when she had the bikini on.
Caleb let Cora go into the sauna first and they were both a little disappointed when they saw that there was no one else in there, not even Ben. Cora lay on the bottom bench seat with one leg on the bench, bent at the knee, and the other leg dangling down to the floor. Caleb sat at her foot and reached over and idly toyed with her clit as he started to tell her what he knew of what Harry and George had managed to find for a holiday and to remind her that they were going round to Jack and Willow's house to find out more and maybe book it.
Cora was well on her way to an orgasm when the door opened and Ben walked in. Caleb didn't stop what he was doing and Cora didn't try to close her legs.
"Hi guy's, Ben said, "got held up by an accident but at least I'll get 15 minutes of remarkable scenery."
The rest of their sauna session went much the same as the previous week, including Rose joining them and both girls making themselves cum for the guys.
* * * * *
THURSDAY
Caleb didn't need to ask Cora to wear her vibrator to work, he didn't need to, it was already in place when Cora came out of the bathroom.
When Cora went to THE filing cabinet and bent over she deliberately clenched then released her vaginal muscles over and over causing the pink antenna to dance around for Mr. Hope to see. Cora was rewarded with the vibrator bursting into life at max vibrations, causing Cora to jump a little and bang her head on the cabinet.
Fortunately it wasn't a hard bang and Cora soon forgot about it. Mr. Hope hadn't forgotten about the power that he had over Cora and for the next 30 minutes Cora squirmed and wriggled about on her chair not managing to get any work done.
When Mr. Hope shutdown the app Cora took a long, deep breath and wondered if she should start bringing a towel to work to sit on.
When lunchtime arrived Cora rushed downstairs to the shop-floor's break room. She was just arriving at the same time as a couple of the guys and they urged her on saying,
"Come on Cora, get 'em off."
She did, half the buttons on her dress were open before she got through the door where she saw Sally unbuttoning her overalls revealing that she was again not wearing anything underneath.
Andy had sorted out a rota but it didn't include the voyeurs so both Sally and Cora were watched as they got fucked twice and gave 2 blowjobs. For the blowjobs they were on their knees but the fucking was however the guys wanted it and Cora's first fuck was doggy style and her second had her on her back on one of the tables with her legs up high and spread wide. In that position Cora noticed more camera flashes than when she was getting it doggy style.
Two happy girls left the break room nearly an hour later.
That evening Caleb decided that they were going for a run and he led Cora out onto the country roads and then along a public footpath that goes alongside a stream to a village a couple of miles from where they live. Once they got off the road Caleb asked Cora to take her dress off and run naked. Once the dress was off, Caleb volunteered to carry the dress for Cora then as they started jogging again he told her that the next time that they went on that route he would hide her dress in some bushes so that she would end up miles from any sort of clothing.
That both terrified and excited Cora and when she told that to Caleb he said that he would also take her jogging when it was dark and that she could leave her clothes at home. That again both terrified and excited Cora and as they jogged along she visualised being stopped by the police and being taken to a police station, naked and with her hands cuffed behind her back. She imagined herself being led through multiple offices with everyone stopping what they were doing and staring at her.
Then she saw herself being tied, spread eagled to a wall and man after man coming up to her, ramming his hand up her pussy and demanding to know why she was running outside naked.
Then reality came back to Cora as she heard Caleb say,
"Just act as if you have shorts and a T-shirt on Cora."
That made her look ahead and she had a little panic attack when she saw 2 young men walking towards them. Doing as Caleb had instructed, Cora kept running and even smiled and said, "good evening" to the 2 young men.
As they got out of earshot Caleb said,
"Did that give you a little thrill dear?"
"Is the pope a catholic?" Cora replied as they kept running.
A minute later Caleb said,
"You do realise that we are going to have to go back the same way and that those 2 men will see you again?"
"And that they'll get a great view of my cute little butt Caleb? Yes, I had worked that one out. How far before we turn back?"
"You see that house up ahead?"
"Yes."
"Well we'll touch their fence then turn back. If anyone looks out of those windows they'll get a good look at you."
"Lucky them." Cora replied.
Minutes later they were approaching the 2 young men again, but this time from their rear. Both joggers kept quiet and it wasn't until they were actually passing the young men that they realised that they were there. One man swore at the shock of their presence but the other man hadn't been shocked and he shouted,
"Nice butt."
Cora felt good and almost forgot about her nudity until they got near to the road when Caleb asked her if she wanted her dress back.
"Not yet Caleb, can we see how close we can get to home before we see a car or someone out walking, then put it on?"
"Good girl, let's go.
With eyes scanning all around and ears perked up listening for any sounds that other road users were making, they kept running. Just as they got to a corner a cyclist appeared coming towards them. He was one of those lycra covered people and was flying along towards them. There was no time for either to react and because Cora was out in front so that Caleb could watch her butt, the cyclist got a couple of seconds full frontal view of Cora's naked body.
As the cyclist disappeared Caleb laughed and told Cora that she'd probably made his day.
They got close to some houses before Cora stopped and asked for her dress back. As Cora was putting it on Caleb said,
"I'm going to look online to see what body paints I can get then I can paint some clothes on you then take you just about anywhere wearing just paint Cora, do you fancy that?"
"I suppose that that depends on where you plan to take me?"
"True, but I'm sure that we can find a few public and busy places."
"Sounds fun." Cora replied, and she wasn't just saying that for Caleb's benefit. She could just see herself walking down the high street on a Saturday afternoon wearing just painted shorts and top.
It was a shower, bed and love making session before they went to sleep.
* * * * *
FRIDAY
The Friday was a relatively quiet day for Cora. Firstly Mr. Hope played with the app on his phone causing Cora to orgasm at her desk, then she teased him with her usual bending over at the filing cabinet, then at lunchtime she went down to the shop-floor for her 2 fucks and 2 blowjobs.
Apart from that her day at work was boring.
The evening out with the girls was fun, apart from Wendy going on and on about Cora needing to go and see a psychiatrist. Carol, Liz and Mary spent a lot of time enthusiastically telling the other girls all about Cora's naked afternoon and her red backside, to which Cora added that she's had a fantastic time and that she really does think that all girls should experience a day like that. Carol and Liz both said that they'd think about it.
When Caleb got home he was in a very romantic mood and he woke Cora for an hour long love making session before they both went to sleep.
* * * * *
SATURDAY
They weren't due at Jack and Willow's house until 11 o'clock so Cora and Caleb had another long, slow lovemaking session before they got up. They also talked a bit, Cora saying that she was a bit worried that they were having too many 'adventures' too soon and that things would get stale if they kept on at the same rate.
"Can't keep up the pace lover?" Caleb said.
"Yes, of course I can, it's just that I don't want us to run out of things to spice up our relationship."
"That will never happen Cora, we'll keep changing the adventures to suit our current mood, maybe you can do some nude modelling or streaking through town or we can find a way of getting you naked on national television, or even better, fucking on national television. How about becoming a cam girl or making some porno videos, with your body they'd sell like hot cakes. Then there's that body painting idea, I really do like the idea of you walking around town wearing just a thin layer of paint. There's lots of things that we haven't even touched on yet."
"Wow, I hadn't even thought about some of those things, it looks like I'm not going to have any spare time for years."
"Nope, if I ever see you doing nothing I'm going to fuck your brains out."
* * * * *
When they got to Jack and Willow's house Willow, Lucy and Emily were all naked so Cora took her dress off. They were all sat out the back enjoying the sunshine and as soon as George saw Cora and Caleb he said,
"Right, let's get straight into it, then when we've sorted out the holiday I've got another surprise for you."
George opened his laptop and when the screen lit up it was displaying a photograph of a villa in a very warm climate. George scrolled through the photographs whilst Cora was sat on Caleb's lap and Emily was sat on Harry's lap. Both guys were playing with nipples.
The villa has 5 double bedrooms, all with en-suite bathrooms, a huge swimming pool with lots of loungers around it and views out to a lovely blue sea. One thing that someone noticed in some of the photos was the villas on either side of that one. Harry said that it looked as though the pool area would probably be over-looked.
"Well I don't care if it is," Emily said, "I'm going to sunbathe there naked and if anyone doesn't like that the can just lump it."
The other 3 girls agreed then Caleb said,
"You girls do realise that you will be totally naked all the time that you are at the villa don't you?"
"Of course we do silly boy." Willow replied.
George started reading out aloud the rest of the features of the villa and everyone was happy when he read that the villa has it's own path down to a little beach where it has a boat shed complete with a boat that is available for guests to use.
"Excellent, Caleb said, we will be able to sail to other beaches and there's no need for the girls to take any clothes, not even bikinis, with you. By the way girls, do you want me to get you some bikinis like Cora's got?"
Cora described the bottoms and Lucy said that they'd be great for when they have to wear something.
Caleb made a mental note to order some.
George continued reading and told everyone that the villa was about half a mile from a small town and that just up the coast was a water park.
"Five bedrooms." Jack said, "We know what 4 of them will be used for but what about the fifth? Do we invite another couple to come with us or just split the cost 4 ways?"
Harry suggested another 2 girls and promptly got thumped by Emily.
After a quick vote they decided that the cost would be split 4 ways.
Everyone was happy so far so George went online to check availability then booked the middle 2 weeks in August after no one said that they'd have a problem getting those 2 weeks off work.
"So what's this other surprise that you mentioned George?" Harry asked.
"Oh yes, I've managed to get 8 tickets to the Wet Cat festival next Saturday, I thought that we might just go for the day and see what this Pink Vibe band is like. The weather forecast for next weekend is good."
"I've heard Pink Vibe," Emily said, "they're good, got a couple of cute looking guys in it as well."
"It's my lucky night playing games with the guys on Friday." Willow said.
"Well you can sleep in the back of one of the cars on the way there then Willow." George said.
"I'm not all that keen on that type of music." Jack said, then added, "but for the team I'll happily come along. I can always drag Willow round the back of some tents and fuck her brains out."
"Hey buster," Willow said, "a little less of the dragging, you should have said 'being pulled round the back by Willow.'
It was agreed that 2 cars would leave at dawn on the Saturday,
Jack and Willow had put on some snacks and drinks that everyone had been dipping into and the group continued talking whilst George did some more research into what was around the villa and also booked a couple of hire cars for us to get from the airport to the villa and out and about when we were there. Cora was happy that the guys booked open top jeeps because she'd always fancied going around in one of those.
Cora had been watching George surf the net looking at all sorts of things and after a while she asked him what he was looking for.
"Places where we can take you 4 ladies dressed like you are now and let thousands of people see you."
"I hope you find lots of those." Cora replied.
Shortly after that the group had achieved their objectives for the day 6 of them left to get on with their other weekend tasks.
On their way home Cora and Caleb stopped at the supermarket where Caleb had more fun getting Cora to reach up to the top shelves, bend down to the lower shelves and bend over the back of the trolley. As he watched her he tried to think of some sort of dress that he could get Cora to wear that was strapless and would expose her nipples every time that she reached up. When he finally mentioned it to Cora she replied,
"Oh that's easy, one with and elasticated top that's not too tight should do the trick. I've had one of those for years but it's a bit of a tight fit these days, and it's a bit long."
"Right, we're going shopping tomorrow." Caleb replied, "You can wear then for work as well and wear them so that your nipples are only just covered and the slightest movement will get the dress to go down a little."
"I like it, but we'll have to get the right ones, not too loose and not too tight."
"So you'll have to try on a few different sizes and come out of the changing room and show me what happens when you move about."
"Caleb, are you really wanting my nipples to become exposed to any other men who happen to be waiting for their partners."
"Yes Cora, I am."
"You naughty man Caleb, I like your style."
Caleb took Cora to a country pub for something to eat that evening. The place was quite busy and Caleb was disappointed that he didn't get much of a chance to show off Cora's body to any strangers but he did get the chance to play with her pussy with lots of people close by.
* * * * *
SUNDAY
When Caleb and Cora finally stopped making love on the bed the next morning, they got ready and went into town shopping for the type of dresses that they had talked about the day before. It took visits to a few shops before they found a selection of them and yes, Cora did try on quite a few and go out to Caleb and jiggle and stretch her body to see if her nipples escaped from behind the material without the whole dress sliding down to the floor.
Once they'd found the right style and size they selected 4 with different patterns and Cora tried them all on and went and showed Caleb how easy it was for her to make certain, discreet movements that caused her nipples to escape.
All the dresses are made of thin cotton and designed as summer dresses for girls younger and smaller than Cora so they were quite short on Cora. When Caleb was watching her try them on he asked Cora if she'd be able to shorten the hem so that when the top just covered her nipples the hem just covered her butt and pussy.
"Easy peasy." Cora replied, "how about I shorten then a bit too much just at the front so that when my nipps and butt are covered it's so short at the front that when I press it flat against my stomach I can just see the front of my slit."
"That sounds perfect Cora, you've changed so much since I first met you that I sometimes wonder who you are and what have you done with the girl that I first met. Don't get me wrong, I love you just way you are right now, I wouldn't swap you for all the money in the world."
"Aww thanks Caleb, when we first met you must have been able to see the real me trying to come out and now that you've enticed the real me out from behind that indoctrination that most mothers give their daughters I'm a much happier girl so it's me that has to thank you Caleb, I'll do absolutely anything that you ask me, my body is yours to do whatever you want with."
Cora hugged Caleb and when they broke the hug not only were Cora's nipples on display but her whole tits were. Cora giggled and Caleb said that she'd have to hug him a lot when she was wearing one of those dresses.
Shopping done, they went to a fast food place and when they'd got their food they sat at one of the tables outside the front of the shop. Caleb got Cora to sit facing down the street with her knees open. Cora realised what Caleb was getting her to do and sat lazily knowing that if anyone walking along the street looked over to her they would be able to see her bare slit and maybe even her clit. She sat like that talking and eating while Caleb watched the people walking along the street to see how many looked Cora's way and then gave some indication that they had seen what was on display.
Caleb wasn't really expecting many people to even look Cora's way and therefore he wasn't really disappointed except for a group of 3 teenage boys who appeared to slow their walking pace all 3 times that they passed them.
Caleb was happy that Cora had made their day and given them a mental image to wank to when they got home.
That evening, just as they decided that it was time for bed Caleb started putting on his jogging clothes. He passed Cora her trainers and told her that they were going for a run. Cora remembered what Caleb had said the last time that they went for a run and was suddenly both nervous and excited. She was also grateful that it was dark outside and a bit cloudy.
With Cora wearing just her trainers they set off jogging down the street. Caleb had once told her that there was a saying, 'Never shit on your own doorstep', and here she was, naked on the street that she lived in. Okay it was dark but there were also street lights and it wasn't really that late. A lot of people wouldn't have gone to bed yet and people could also be returning home from a night out.
Needless to say that Cora's sight and hearing senses were working to their maximum but only once did they have to duck into a darkened house's garden and hide behind a bush while a car drove passed.
Soon they were out on a country road and Cora started to relax a bit and realise just how wet her pussy was. Part of her brain may not have been enjoying the experience but her pussy certainly was.
They ran for about a mile before turning back and when they got to the outskirts of their suburb Caleb led her a different way back to their house. They went down more streets and alleyways than was necessary and down one alleyway they passed a young couple having sex against a fence. The girl was naked below her waist and they saw a ripped thong on the ground near them.
The couple didn't see Cora and Caleb until they were close to them and as they stared at Cora the young man said,
"Nice out isn't it?"
Caleb replied,
"You should know."
The young man's jeans were round his ankles and his underwear was round his knees. Both Cora and Caleb guessed that his cock was deep inside the girl's pussy.
Apart from the odd car that beeped its horn at them, they made it home without incident and they fucked in the shower before going to bed and fucking again. Cora saying that she wanted to got jogging at night again and Caleb saying that the next time they'd just run around the houses at the other side of the estate.
* * * * *
MONDAY
The working week went much as the previous week but with Cora, and Sally, having 4 days of lunchtime fucking and sucking and the Wednesday lunchtime having a quick drink and a chat in a pub close to the factory.
Cora saw that Sally had changed from just her overalls to a skirt and top. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra and Cora wondered if, like she was, Sally was knickerless as well. When they sat opposite each other in the pub both girls could see the other's bald pubes.
Cora discovered that Sally had been getting fucked on a lunchtime for nearly a year and was grateful that Cora had joined in the fun to give her a bit of a rest. Sally has a boyfriend who knows nothing of her lunchtime activities although he had discovered that Sally often went underwearless and was happy with that.
Andy had shown Sally the spanking video and tried to persuade her to let the shop-floor guys spank her but so far she'd refused but she took the opportunity to ask Cora what she thought, to which Cora replied that it was a great aphrodisiac adding that as Sally was stood up all day she wouldn't suffer having to sit on her painful butt.
Sally told Cora that she was envious of her being able to wear so little at work and asked if she deliberately flashed any of the men in the office.
"Only Mr. Hope, but we've come to an agreement whereby he won't try to change the company dress code in return for him having the app on his phone so that he can control the vibrator I now wear most days at work."
"I'd noticed that, so those things are good are they?"
"Oh yes, I wouldn't wear it so often if it wasn't."
Sally said that she'd have to see about getting one."
They didn't have the chance to talk much more before having to get back to work but they decided that they would make the Wednesday trip to the pub a regular thing.
Their evenings were much the same as the previous week as well, gym, swim and jogg, and they took every opportunity to expose Cora's tits and pussy to everyone and nobody. The nobody being 1 of the 2 jogging sessions that was after dark when they ran round the streets and saw absolutely no one. Caleb said that the next time the went jogging after dark they'd head towards town and see how far they could get before there being too many people about for them to go any further.
The Friday evening was much the same with Wendy going on at Cora again and Cora ignoring her. Caleb and Cora's love making afterwards was more like a quickie because they knew that they had to be up early the next morning.
* * * * *
SATURDAY
Caleb and Cora were up early for the drive down to the Wet Cat festival. Jack and Willow joined them in Caleb's car, Willow and Cora in the back. It was only when they met the other car at a motorway service area that Cora discovered that she was the only one wearing a dress, one of her new elasticated top ones that she'd shortened more at the front than the back. All the other 3 girls were wearing skirts and tops. There wasn't a bra or pair of knickers between them and the 3 skirts were nearly as short as Cora's dress.
After a comfort break they were back on the road but this time Willow was wide awake and her and Cora talked for a while then started making out in the back, much to the delight and frustration of Jack and Caleb in the front.
When they got to about a mile from the venue the traffic started to crawl and went into 2 crawling lanes. To much giggling, both Cora and Willow took it in turns to flash their tits to the occupants of the cars crawling alongside them. And they weren't the only ones flashing people going to the concert, after a guy in the back of one car mooned them Cora immediately did the same back.
Caleb phoned the other car and soon all 8 were talking to each other and all 4 girls were all mooning other car occupants.
When they finally got into the car park the girls were all eager to get where the main stage was which was in the bottom of a shallow valley and the audience up one side of the valley making it ideal for people to sit on the grass and watch the performers. All 4 girls had straightened their clothes although Cora's slit and clit were just about visible to anyone more than a couple of metres in front of her.
As they walked in with the crowds Caleb noticed that lots of other girls were scantily dressed in clothes like ultra short shorts or denim miniskirts and bikini tops, just bikinis and even a few in thong bikinis. Caleb was more and more confident that the guys would be able to get the girls naked especially when he saw a couple of topless girls, one wearing a flowery pattern of body paint on her chest and back, and nothing else.
They walked passed many concession stands and saw where the girl wearing paint had got painted and George said that they should get the girls painted so that they could spend the day naked, to which Jack replied saying that it looked like they wouldn't need paint to get naked there. Then Caleb added that they should get a load of body paint to take on holiday instead of clothes for the girls.
They found an area of grass where they could see the main stage and sat to absorb the atmosphere and get used to the difference in the speed of sound and the speed of light as they could see what one of the support bands was doing on the stage before they could hear it.
As they sat there none of the girls were at all concerned about the revealing way that they were sitting mainly because the other people there had more scantily dressed girls to look at. After a few minutes Willow said,
"Girls, I think that it's about time that we got topless."
With that, Willow, Emily and Lucy all pealed off their tops, Cora had a little dilemma because she was wearing a dress. She could have just pulled the elasticated top down to her waist but instead she stood up, pulled the dress off completely then sat down again.
Caleb smiled at the sight of his girlfriend, naked apart from her sandals, with hundreds of people quite close to her.
"Well," Lucy said, "If you're getting naked Cora then so am I."
Within seconds there were 4 naked girls sat on the grass and the 4 guys were stuffing the girl's clothes, shoes and bags into their backpacks.
Apart from a few people looking for a few seconds no one appeared to be at all concerned about their nudity.
After about 10 minutes the girls were totally relaxed about their nudity in such a public place and Lucy suggested that they go and look around the concession stands.
As they wandered around with the guys following just behind them and not looking as if they were with them, they didn't get much attention, but there again, events like this that any of them had been to before always had scantily clad and even naked girls wandering around.
They looked at all the memorabilia that was on sale but none of them had any inclination to buy anything. It was only when they got to a hot dog stall that they wanted to buy something but, having no pockets or purses with them the girls turned to look for the guys to get some money.
The guys happily handed over some money but said that the girls had to buy whatever it was that they wanted. The guys wanted the girls to interact with strangers whilst naked. And they did, much to the delight of the middle-aged man selling the hot dogs. Cora, possibly some of the other 3 girls, wanted the man to make some comment about their nudity so that she could come back with something that would imply that she was naked all the time but the man said nothing, he just smiled.
They walked on, eating their hot dogs as they went and dripping mustard and tomato sauce onto the grass, Cora realising that her feet would need a lot of scrubbing when she got home.
The girls soon got to the main dancing area and realised that there was a different support band playing and that they weren't bad.
Still no one had really taken much notice of them, just the odd quick glance that they'd seen, and food eaten the girls joined in the dancing, Lucy and Emily literally letting their hair down so that they felt as free as possible.
They danced and danced, occasionally going over to the guys to get a drink of water and a quick grope from their boyfriends. One time Cora went to Caleb and after a drink she leaned back on him, his hand going round her, his left hand fondling a tit whilst his right hand went down to her pussy and played there for a couple of minutes, his intention to raise her arousal level a notch or two and maybe give someone a free show, not that either of them looked to see if anyone was looking at them.
After about an hour the girls wanted a rest so all 8 of them went looking for an area of grass where all 8 could sit and relax for a while. Cora sat between Caleb's legs leaning back on him and spreading her legs as much as she could. It wasn't enough for the people around them to see all of her pussy but it was enough for them to see her slit from end to end with her clit sticking out ready to play.
Around mid afternoon the Pink Vibe came onto the stage and everyone got to their feet and moved closer to the stage. Before long the girls were separated from the guys but no one cared. Everyone was dancing on the spot and thrusting their fists into the air in time with the beat of the music.
All of a sudden Cora was aware of a girl going over the top of her crowd surfing. The girl had shorts and a T-shirt on but that gave Cora an idea. She turned to Willow, Emily and Lucy nowhere to be seen, and shouted that she was going to ask some guys to lift her up. Willow smiled and both girls turned to the nearest big guys and shouted that they wanted to go up. At first the guy didn't understand but when it twigged, he started to lift Willow up. The other guys around realised what was happening and soon Willow and Cora were parallel to the ground and supported by a sea of hands.
And the hands weren't just keeping them up in the air, both girls were getting their tits mauled and their butts and pussies groped. Fingers went into all the holes that Caleb often puts his cock into.
All that physical contact was turning both girls on and as they went from side to side of the audience and then back to the front, Cora actually had an orgasm. Her brain absorbing the strange feeling of climaxing whilst being man-handled by lots of unknown men around 2 metres from the ground.
Cora found herself floating on her back very near the stage and she saw one of the band waving at the security guys to tell them to pass the naked girl over to the stage. Seconds later Cora found herself getting to her feet actually on the stage with the band still playing.
As she started to look around Cora saw Willow being passed to the front then onto the stage as well, then another naked girl. The band obviously wanted naked girls on the stage with them. The 3 naked girls got together and danced in front of hundreds, if not thousands of people.
Cora looked out over the audience to see if she could see Emily and Lucy. She could see 3 girls who looked to be naked, crowd surfing at the back of the audience but they were too far away to recognise.
When the band stopped playing for a few minutes one of them came over to the girls and his hands went straight for Cora's tits and tweaked her nipples. To cheering from the audience he then went to Willow and then the third girl doing the same. Then he put his hand on her pussy and everyone at the festival got the impression that he was finger fucking her.
He didn't do it for long before he moved back to Willow and doing the same to her. This time Cora was watching Willow's face and saw that she was smiling as he leaned over and said something to her. One more deep finger fuck and he moved back to Cora who by then had spread her legs a bit and the guy did the same to her.
Cora got to hear what he had probably also said to Willow,
"Come round the back when we leave the stage."
Cora was still smiling as he left the girls and got ready to start a new number.
The 3 naked girls danced on the stage until the band finished their act then the band member who had finger fucked them and tweaked their nipples looked over to them and nodded his head sideways indicating to the naked girls that they should follow him. The third, unknown, girl started walking towards him but Cora and Willow looked at each other and both said "no" at the same time.
Then Cora and Willow went to the front edge of the stage and pretended to dive forwards to let the people at the front know what they were going to do. Fortunately the message was understood and when Cora them Willow launched themselves forward a dozen or so hands caught them and started passing them back into the middle of the crowd and both girls got groped and poked all over again.
Unfortunately, the crowd was thinning a little and after a few minutes Cora found herself sat on the ground. Getting to her feet Cora tried to look around and get her bearings but being shorter than most of the people there it wasn't that easy. It was then that she realised that their group had not talked about a meeting point if they got separated, Cora guessed that that was because everyone had their phone with them and they could sort something out if one person did get separated from the rest of them.
But, Cora, like the other 3 girls were totally naked, their phones being in their boyfriend's backpacks, and even if she could borrow a phone she couldn't remember anyone's number because they were all in her Contacts and she never needed to remember a number. She was snookered, but was consoled a little by the fact that Willow and probably Emily and Lucy were in the same boat.
Resisting a panic attack Cora stood there thinking what to do next. She had a quick look at the people around her and saw that they'd moved on from having a naked girl next to them. She worked out which way was up the hill to the back of the crowds and she set off making her way through the crowd and quickly discovered that quite a few men there were happy to have a quick feel or make some comment about her nudity. Cora found the groping to to be nearly as nice as when she was surfing and as for the comments, none of them were derogatory, in fact they were all complimentary.
Unfortunately for Cora, the further away from the stage she went the less groping and comments she got but she wanted to find Caleb and the others.
When she finally got out of the main part of the crowd she stopped and looked around. Seeing no one familiar she started walking again hoping that she'd see one of the group soon.
Cora saw the back of a naked girl in the distance and she had the same hair style as Lucy so she set off in that direction. When she got to where the girl had been she had gone so Cora was no better off. As she stood there wondering which way to go next Cora realised that she was enjoying walking around on her own with most people ignoring her and the rest looking at her for a few seconds. She also realised that her pussy was wet and she wanted to touch her clit and make herself cum but she didn't have the courage.
She wished that Caleb had been there to give her the courage to make herself cum and she wished that she'd done it when she'd been on the stage with thousand of people watching her.
Cora started walking towards where there appeared to be the most people, and not really looking for the rest of the group. In and out of small groups of people she walked. It was like she was daring people to say something about her lack of clothes. Unfortunately, very few people said anything, but at least she was being seen by them.
After what seemed like only 30 seconds but was probably much, much longer, Cora heard her name being shouted. She stopped, turned and saw the still naked Emily.
"Cora, where have you been, we've been searching everywhere?"
"I've been looking for you guys, where have you been? Where are the others?"
"Out looking for you?"
"So we're all lost then?"
"Not quite, we agreed to meet up where we got the hot dogs."
"Which way is that?"
"That way." Emily replied pointing in one direction."
As they walked they linked arms and Emily said,
"It's so cool this walking around in amongst all these people with no clothes on isn't it?"
"Yeah, I've nearly cum a few times. Did you see Willow and me up on the stage?"
"That WAS you 2 was it? Caleb said one of the girls was you but the rest of us weren't sure, we were too far back?"
"Did you have a go at crowd surfing?"
"Oh yes, that was amazing, all those hands going everywhere."
"Yeah, I had 2 goes, the first time was best, more people, more hands."
Emily and Cora got to close to the hot dog stand and saw Harry, standing and looking all around with his phone in his hand.
"Phew Cora, we were starting to get a bit worried." Harry said.
"I've been having great fun. Where are the others?"
"Out looking for you."
"Oh, sorry, maybe you should spank me for getting lost."
"Don't tempt me Cora."
Harry started making phone calls whilst Emily and Cora sat on the grass, legs out straight in front of them and leaning back on their hands. Cora sat with her legs slightly apart thinking about how much her pussy was tingling.
After a few minutes George and Lucy returned, then Jack and Willow. Last was Caleb who went straight to Cora and knelt between her legs, Cora spreading them wider to accommodate Caleb's width. As Cora sat up Caleb put his hands around her neck and asked her if she was okay.
"Hell yes, I'm having a fantastic time, it's soo cool being able to walk around without any clothes on and all these people looking at me. Hey, I got finger fucked on the stage by one of the band in front of thousands of people."
"I know, I saw you, pity it wasn't a full blown fuck, maybe doggy style."
"You'd like that wouldn't you Caleb?"
"Hell yes, all those people watching my girlfriend getting fucked on stage, I'd cum just watching you."
"On of the band wanted Willow and me to go round the back with them but we didn't."
"Yes, Willow said, you know what would have happened if you had don't you?"
"Gang-banged." Cora replied. The other girl went with them."
"I saw, I wonder if she knew what she was letting herself in for and if she can still walk?"
"Probably, Caleb, can we come to another of these festivals, and next time can we stay for the full 2 days?"
Caleb kissed Cora and whilst he was doing so his right hand went to her pussy and he ran a finger along her slit and flicked her clit.
"Caleb, a lot of hands have done that to me today, does it bother you?"
"Did you enjoy it Cora?"
"I did."
"Then it doesn't bother me, in fact I'm happy for you."
"I love you soo much Caleb."
"And I love you too Cora."
"Will you 2 get a room." Emily said.
"No Em," Caleb replied, "we're going to fuck each other's brains out right here."
"Nice idea mate, and I'd like to fuck Harry's brains out right here as well but."
"I know." Caleb said as he got to his feet.
"And we can all see that Cora is ready for a good fucking but." Emily replied looking down at Cora's spread and very wet pussy.
Caleb put his hand out and pulled Cora to her feet.
"They should put up privacy screens, at events like this, for people to go behind and have a good fuck before going back to the concert." George said.
"Yeah," Jack said, "with camera's streaming to huge screens all over the field. Hey, do you think that we could start a business doing that?"
"Can Caleb and me be your first customers, and the second and the third?" Cora asked.
"Bloody hell Caleb," Lucy said, "you really did pick a good one there, the rest of us girls are going to have to up our game."
"No you're not Lucy," George said, "you're doing just great, all of you girls are, us guys are really proud and happy with all of you, our perfect exhibitionist sluts, well not sluts in the true definition of the word but you know what I mean."
"Yes George." Lucy replied, "and I think it's fair to say that all us girls are really happy with things the way we are."
"Especially right now." Cora added causing the other 3 girls to giggle a bit.
"Okay guys." Jack said, "enough of the sloppy stuff, are we going to stand here for hours or what?"
"Well," George said, "I'm sure that the girls would love to stay and flaunt their gorgeous bodies to everyone here but it will be getting dark soon, how about one last walk around the place then back to the cars and home?"
"This time can we all stick together please?" Caleb asked.
Four couples, each one holding hands, started slowly walking down passed the concession stands towards the bottom of the valley, the lead couple deliberately steering them towards the busiest areas.
The girls didn't get any more comments about their naked bodies but they weren't bothered, they were making their boyfriends proud and that was very important to them.
As they approached the exit George asked Lucy if she wanted her clothes, but after Lucy looked at the other 3 girls she said not and they all walked out, across a road with slow moving traffic and into the field that was being used as a car park.
At the cars no one said anything as each guy started fucking his girl up against the cars.
"Been wanting to do that ever since we left home." Caleb said once he had deposited his semen deep inside Cora.
After that they got in the cars and headed home, the girls only putting their clothes on when they got out of the cars at a service area where they stopped for a coffee and something to eat. As they sat eating and drinking Cora said,
"It's strange how there were girls walking around naked and no one really cared but there were no men.
"That's because our strange society has decided that the sight of men's sex organs is offensive to people. Men's sex organs are on the outside and would be seen by everyone if they got naked and aroused, and we all know that cocks get erect often against the wish of the owner. But women's sex organs are on the inside and cannot be seen if the girl is just waking around, even is she is aroused." Caleb replied.
"But our tits were on display all day."
"Ah, breasts are not sex organs, their primary function is for feeding babies. Unfortunately, too many authorities think that because men like seeing breasts then women should keep them covered. Crazy I know, but that's just the way it is."
"Well I think that it''s stupid. Hundreds, if not thousands, saw our tits all day and we didn't get raped." Cora replied
"You just want to be naked all the time don't you Cora? You are soo different from the girl that I met at the party, not that I'm complaining, I love the way you have come out."
"I'm not gay, maybe a bit bi, I love men and I love their cocks."
"I'm pleased to hear that Cora but can you finish your food please, I want to get home and to fuck your brains out in our bed."
* * * * *
SUNDAY
It was a later start for Cora and Caleb, both of them having been shattered but for a different reason. They still had a few routine chores to take care of but Caleb spent quite a bit of time researching body paint then he ordered some and some brushes.
Caleb knew that George was a bit of an artist but Caleb wanted his and Cora's first adventure into body painting to be his own work. He had great plans for painting skimpy clothes on Cora and then getting her to run and walk around busy streets and parks with her wearing just the paint and shoes.
After another revealing trip to the supermarket the pair enjoyed a lazy and sexual rest of the day.
* * * * *
The following working week went much the same as the previous one and the only new, interesting event was Caleb's attempt at painting a sports bra and shorts on Cora and then taking her out jogging on the following Saturday afternoon. Although the paint job wasn't brilliant it was good enough to fool the vast majority of the people who saw her, the rest of the people being confused and not really knowing what they had seen.
Both Caleb and Cora were pleased with that outing and couldn't wait for George to do a proper job on her, and maybe some of the other 3 girls. Caleb was so pleased that he went online and ordered a lot more paint and more brushes. Cora was going to be out in public, wearing just paint, a lot more.
Going around in Caleb's brain was another idea that her had, the 8 of them going camping for a few days and them going hiking on the hills with the 4 girls naked apart from hiking boots. He was going to have to give that idea some more thought.
* * * * *