Next day was Thursday. I didn't expect an escalation until Monday. So I was surprised to find a pair of white knee high socks, a pair of pink panties and a yellow crop top on my bed.
The crop top was relatively new, and therefore fit me properly. It had been a birthday present from my cousin. It hung to just below my rib cage. It was far too revealing for the shy me, so I'd never worn it. I forgot it even existed. But Kevin had obviously come across it and decided it was time I gave it an airing.
I opened my wardrobe to find it completely empty, as was my underwear draw. The message was clear; these were my clothes for the day. Kevin had chosen what I would wear. He had removed all choice. And if I acquiesced, I knew it would become the new status quo. He would always be choosing my clothes. I also knew that that's what I wanted.
Exposing my midriff was something new and exciting. In the last few days, I'd worn shirts that showed the lower curve of my stomach. But never my belly button. And definitely not my whole abdomen. Despite all the outfits I'd worn up to this point, nothing had left anything like as much of my smooth, soft, pale skin exposed as this new outfit. Could I really parade around in this? Kevin clearly expected me to! I couldn't tear my eyes away from my reflection.
I was still looking at the mirror when the sound of the front door pulled me back to reality.
"Emma," Kevin called. "Come down stairs."
Despite my nerves, I didn't hesitate. I knew I was going to show off in front of Kevin and his friends. I lived for it now, and was eager to begin.
When Kevin saw I'd dressed in the clothes he'd laid out for me his face broke out into a wolfish grin.
The Xbox was on. The now ubiquitous Night Junky queued up. I had danced to it so many times now, it should have seemed mundane, but it was still exciting. Dressed as I was, showing off my belly for the first time, it still had my heart racing.
I took up my position in front of the screen; in front of the sofas where all 5 boys were sitting. I was ready to perform.
They didn't waste any time. Paul hit play as soon as I took up my position in front of them.
I went through the now too familiar routine. The same erotic moves still had the same effect, my braless tits bouncing under the small shirt. But some of the more mundane moves took on a new significance; sliding my hand across my stomach, rolling and shaking my hips seemed to accentuate my increased exposure.
We were a minute into the evening's second performance of Night Junky, when the music suddenly stopped.
"Dude!?" Paul protested to my brother who had paused the game.
"Just a minute," Paul responded before raising his phone to his ear. "Hi mum."
I felt a sudden pang of fear knowing my brother was on the phone to my mother. What if she could see me now? Dressed in a crop top and panties, dancing for my brother and his friends?
"Yes," Kevin said into the phone. "Yup... No problem... Sure... Not seen her, she's probably in her room... Love you too." Then he hung up.
"What did mum want?" I asked nervously.
"She's put her Duvet in the wash before she went to work," Kevin replied. "You need to go hang it on the washing line in the garden."
"Me? why should I do it?" I asked. I was confused. I was dressed to show off my body. Kevin and his friends should be appreciating what I was wearing for them. But instead Kevin was being a dick about the job mum just asked him to do. "I'm not exactly dressed to go outside." I added to highlight that point.
"Coz I said you have to do it. And mum put me in charge when she's not here."
That was ridiculous. Kevin is nearly 7 years older than me. So when I was 8, 9, 10, he had been 15, 16, 17. Back then mum and made him babysit me, and had often said 'Kevin is in charge.' But that was years ago. I don't know why he thought it still applied.
I was going to tell him to 'fuck off', go back to my room and put some proper clothes on; I still had my school uniform. But I didn't want to ruin the evening for the sake of a 5 minute job.
"Fine," I said, in a way that made it clear that it wasn't fine at all, and stomped off to the laundry room.
I was done in just a few minutes, and was back Infront of the boys dancing again. They had just sat there waiting while I did it.
When I was back, they started Night Junky again, for the third time that evening. After it finished Kevin said.
"Emma, go put the rubbish out."
We both had chores our mother expected us to do. Putting the rubbish out was one of Kevin's. The bin men came tomorrow morning, so he had to do it tonight.
"That's your job!" I replied. I tried not to sound petulant, but I could hear it in my voice.
"And now I'm telling you to do it."
I just stood there looking at him.
"Who did mum put in charge?" he asked.
Again I thought of telling him to 'fuck off'. But after agreeing to hang up the duvet, it somehow seemed petty. But more than that, I really wanted to show off my body, and I knew a silly argument with my brother would get in the way of that.
"You," I finally replied.
"Off you go then."
In hindsight, I don't think it was about the rubbish at all. Rather, it was about control. Kevin liked telling me what to do, and the rubbish was just the first thing he could think of.
After I'd put the rubbish out, I danced again. This time to a different song.
"Go and get us all a beer." Kevin said when the song finished.
This time I didn't argue. Just went to the kitchen to get the beer.
I came back with five bottles of beer on a tray.
"Put the tray down over there," Kevin said. Pointing to the floor in the middle of the room. "Then bring us each a beer, one at a time."
I turned away from them and put the tray on the floor where Kevin had indicated, and picked up the first bottle of beer.
"Stop," Kevin said.
I froze in place, stood with my back to the boys, holding the bottle of beer in both hands.
"Put the bottle back on the tray. When you pick it up, bend at the waist. Keep your legs straight. Then serve the beer to each of us in turn."
I bent down, as instructed. Touching the bottle to the tray and holding the pose for a few moments. I was very aware of the sweep of naked flesh the position presented, up my legs to the tight fabric of my panties stretched across my bum.
I picked up the first beer again, and turned and walked towards Paul.
I bent at the waist to offer the bottle. My large breasts pulling at the tight crop top. I presented the beer to Paul, looking him in the eyes. But his eyes were staring at the deep cleavage, just a foot from his face, scarcely contained by my straining shirt.
Paul sat for a few moments, gazing into my chest, before he took the bottle.
I straightened and went back to the tray. I collected the next bottle. Bent at the waist, legs straight. I held the pose. I was starting to enjoy this new game, the new display. Then I returned to deliver the next boy's beer.