It was nearly a year since our holiday to Italy. A lot had changed since we returned. I'd had more than one promotion at work, and our money situation was completely different. Although we were pretty comfortable before, there was now no need for Katie to work at all. She'd continued her friendship with Emilia, exchanging emails regularly. She'd also, in her new found spare time, started learning Italian, such was the impact our short visit there had on her.
Sexually, it was understood that I was never going to be enough for Katie. We had sex a lot, as much as I could manage. But it felt like every session was a warm-up to her. We constantly watched back the footage of her incredible sessions from our holiday, and it still really got us going, as did talking about it, which we did a lot. But we needed to find her other outlets for her new-found sexual drive. She had no desire for this to regress back to what it was before our holiday, and neither did I.
I often laughed to myself as I explored the opportunity of swingers clubs within travelling distance. Here I was, Jealous Dan, constantly looking into ways that Katie might get to fuck some more strangers.
We tried joining a swinger's website and met on a couple of occasions. It was rare, but possible to arrange to meet more than one man, which was an absolute must. For Katie because she needed so much cock, and for me, due to the advice I'd received from Franco on our holiday - that whilst a woman could become attached if meeting just one man, more meant it was guaranteed to be a purely physical experience. Plus it was just so fucking dirty, setting my wife up to fuck groups of men.
This advice, I realised, was what had really allowed me to relax about Katie's activities. Franco and Emilia's marriage, after year upon year of her fucking so many strangers, was one of the closest and happiest I had ever come across.
The build up to these meetings was fun, but the reality fell short. It was an extremely labour intensive exercise, organising a venue and participants for a meet. And inevitably there were disappointments, no shows being the main one. Having been let down a few times already, the final straw was when I'd had eleven confirmations for a meet at a hotel, only for just three to turn up.
At this time, Katie had been surviving on just my cock for over two months, so these poor three guys were finished with in under half an hour, including one guy managing a second session.
"I mean it was nice, feeling one in each hand again, feeling two inside me. But I feel like they've just got me warmed up."
Such were the tribulations of a nymphomaniac. We'd had some more fun that night, Katie trying to work the bar to drum up some interest, with a few lone businessmen and even one couple receiving an 'accidental' flash of her bare pussy as she sat down or crossed her legs. And Katie had enjoyed it when I'd called for room service without her knowledge, and made sure she was spread open facing the door as she bounced on my cock.
"Would you like to join us?" she'd smiled at the porter. But she was disappointed to find that he had to do his job, and the embarrassed guy retreated out of the door. Katie did enjoy the looks she got from the staff when checking out the next morning though.
The other thing we'd tried, with slightly more success, was swingers clubs. We never went too local, so it was always a weekend event. Some places had pre-arranged 'greedy girls' nights, which sounded right up Katie's street.
However, the reality wasn't quite what we'd hoped. Although on one occasion Katie managed to get ten guys all together, the quality didn't quite match the quantity. Many were aging and struggled to give her the solid fucking she needed. Some seemed more happy just watching. So again, not the experience she needed.
One evening she had a long conversation with Emilia, testing her Italian which had become almost fluent surprisingly quickly. She was already fluent in Spanish and German, so had taken to Italian quite quickly, and recently her accent had really improved, she sounded like a native to me.
"Emilia has an idea, you know, about our little problem," she started, sitting down beside me. I knew immediately what she meant. Katie rarely talked about anything else. She continued.
"She was really sympathetic - she's the only person I've met who can possibly understand how I feel, I think. She said it was easy for her because Franco was there, and he arranged everything, he had all the contacts in the industry."
"Well, I do have a job to do, too, unfortunately. I'm trying my best!"
"No! No, bear with me - I'm so grateful to you for everything, I can't believe the lengths you go to sometimes. It's not your fault, we've just been looking in the wrong place."
"Go on..."
"Porn!" Katie said, triumphantly. "Emilia was a porn star. There's no way she'd have had anything like the amount of sex she managed if she wasn't. I want to be one too."
I had thought of this but had dismissed it immediately. There was no way my career would continue on the path it was, were my wife to enter the porn industry. And what about our friends and family?
I explained this, but Katie was not discouraged.
"I know, but I really think I can do it, without any issues like that. Emilia, obviously she was pretty blatant about what she was doing, didn't try to make it a secret at all. But even then, she says people very rarely approached her about it, she didn't really experience any negative stuff."
"Well, it's a bit different over there," I started, remembering Emilia dutifully cleaning Katie up with her tongue after several young men had deposited their semen inside my wife, as Giuseppe, a boy she used to babysit, watched on. I still hadn't really got my head around that. "Us Brits aren't used to this sort of thing."
"And that's exactly why it can work!" she continued, excitedly. "How about this? There are, according to Emilia, only a handful of big studios that do the sort of stuff I'm interested in. There's one in Germany, one in Spain, and one in Italy that she mentioned I should approach. These places churn out loads of new videos every month. I'd just be another girl. There is just so, so much porn around these days, accidentally stumbling across something I did would be pretty unlikely."
"Well, yeah, but..."
"Hang on! Not finished," she insisted. "And no porn stars use their own name, right? So, I do my hair a bit different, maybe use a really good wig. Emilia says she worked with a girl in a similar position once and she got a really memorable tattoo in a really visible place - but it was a fake. So if she was ever challenged, she could 'prove' it wasn't her as she didn't have the tattoo."
"That does actually sound like a good idea," I pondered. "But..."
"Still going!" Katie beamed, really warming to this. "And I am pretty fluent in German, French and Italian now. I give myself a foreign sounding name, and make sure I don't speak any English. So, anyone who comes across anything with me in it, will check who it is, see an Italian name or whatever, and see them talking in Italian, so it's just a lookalike."
"You've really thought this through." The 'bounce' had returned to her voice, which I'd hardly witnessed since our holiday, and only when recalling the events of those times. "You must be really keen to get fucked by a bunch of strangers again?" it was said with admiration.
"I am!" she beamed. "I do get where you are coming from. But let's say someone at your work happens across some filthy work I've done, like, I don't know, a gangbang with ten men..." She said it a little wistfully.
"Firstly, who actually admits that they like watching porn? I mean like in the workplace. Not many. But in the event that someone does see me, is happy to admit they were looking, and challenges you, you just act totally ignorant, make a joke of it.
"If they push further, you challenge them, ask them who exactly they are talking about. Then you go away, and come back the next day and make them realise just how stupid this is - this is some Italian slut. Yeah, she does look a bit like me, but look at her hair, where's the tattoo, she's fucking Italian for god's sake - do you think my wife has a secret life in Europe where she's actually Italian?"
When she put it this way, it did seem like it could work.
"Then next time you talk, you make a joke of it, what a stupid idea that was, but that you've told me I have a doppelganger in the porn business and we've all had a good laugh about it. I'm telling you, that would be the end of it."
I tended to agree.
"OK, but what about my friends? I can guarantee one of those perverts will find your stuff without any delay. Same story for them?"
"Yep. We can have a bit more of a joke about it. But it's the same - no tattoo, different hair, different nationality. Just pure coincidence."
I didn't actually have an argument that would dissuade her. And now that the blood was flowing, just like it had when we'd pushed things further and further on our holiday, I didn't want to. She could sense my thoughts.
"And it's pretty hot, right? Like hiding in plain sight. I can do the dirtiest stuff, and everyone we know can watch, if they like. But it's fine, because it's not really me!"
Despite the nagging knowledge that it was really not a great idea, I knew Katie needed it. And I was hard like I'd not been since Italy.
And so it was agreed. Katie was to become a porn star.
The first question was how to make contact. Having friends in the business was very useful. Emilia recommended an agent based in Palermo in Italy. And so Rosa Ricci, from the Ricci model agency, took on her new client - Francesca Bella.
Rosa 'met' Katie (Francesca) via a zoom meeting. Katie had spent over an hour getting ready for it, and tried various outfits, asking for my opinion.
"It's not really a normal job interview," I'd laughed, as she'd toyed with the idea of a formal blouse and jacket. "You are employing her, really, to find you work as a porn star.
Katie had agreed and tried various outfits before settling on a semi-see-through white crop t-shirt. As she was on webcam, the bottom half was unimportant, but she still slid into a tight miniskirt, as she said it made her feel the part.
As Katie was now fluent in Italian, I waited patiently for the conversation to finish, not understanding a word. It went on for nearly an hour. At one stage, Katie turned the camera to me, and told me to wave, which I did, as instructed. And, towards the end, Katie raised her top, baring her breasts and jiggling them for her agent.
When it was over, she was beaming.
"It's happening!" she giggled. I noticed she was shaking slightly with excitement.
"Tell me all about it," I prompted.
"Well she thinks I can get a lot of work, as much as I want," she started. "Emilia had already told her all about me, and she said a few times that I'm just like Emilia. And that she was like gold dust in her prime, everyone wanted to work with her."
"So that's it? You just go and do the work, no auditions, no screen tests?"
"No. Franco and Emilia have already sent her some pictures - bless them, they posted copies of the actual pictures, we could have just emailed some over. I'm going to send Rosa through some of the videos we did, as a bit of an audition to show the studios, she thinks that will be enough."
"Did you say the type of work you are interested in?"
"I sure did," she grinned. "And that's a big reason why she thinks it will all be good. She says a lot of girls just starting out are really just balancing how much money they can make with how little they can actually do - they aren't interested in it at all. I had to run through what I will and won't do, for my contact sheet."
The thought of all of this had her flushed, and her hand inevitably found its way down between her legs.
"It's like tick boxes against me. Solo, masturbation, Girl-girl, Boy-girl, girl-girl-boy, boy-boy-girl, group, facial, swallow, creampie, gangbang, bukkake."
"What did you say you were up for?" I'd started masturbating too, watching her fingers flitting lightly across her clit as she explained her conversation.
"The only thing I said I wasn't up for was being pissed on - I'm not sure about that. What do you think?"
"I can't say I've ever thought about it," I said, a little shock running through me at the thought. It wasn't even a sexual act, to my mind, but it intrigued me that Katie hadn't dismissed it out of hand. She really was up for anything.
"But I did say that I wasn't really interested in the vanilla stuff - masturbation, girl-girl. I made it clear I need a lot of cocks! And I made sure she knows that just one guy is a big no-no."
"That's hot," I groaned. "Pretty much the only limit to what you'll do is fuck one man. Five, ten, no problem." Katie nodded, seriously, our eyes locked. We were both increasing the speed of our masturbation.
"And I guess that rules out other girls?" I asked.
"I have thought about that," I knew she would have considered every possibility. "It was really hot, you know, when Emilia was cleaning me up. So, if there was another girl sharing with me, as long as there were some cocks around too, I think that would be pretty hot."
"It fucking would!" This was enough for me, and I stood and started shooting my load onto Katie's hand, still flicking over her clit, even more urgently now. Long stream after long stream hit her right on her smooth little hole, and she rubbed the extra lubrication in eagerly, starting her own orgasm.
"I told Rosa that I'm not even that bothered about the money," she was breathing very deeply. "I just need the cock." Her fingers plunged inside now, her hand a blur as she came powerfully, using my sperm as lube, not that it was needed.
Once she'd recovered, she continued circling her clit with her index finger, absent-mindedly.
"I did really say that - I'd work for free. She told me to never, never say that to anyone else."
"If you don't get paid, neither does she!" I laughed.
Only a week later, Katie was packing to leave for her first job. I'd not initially registered the fact, but her work was going to involve trips abroad, and my work meant it was very unlikely I'd be able to join her on her adventures.
She was going to work for a large spanish studio which specialised in 'Bukkake', which I knew was a japanese term for multiple men ejaculating on a single lady. Katie had accepted as soon as I explained the premise, and Rosa had forwarded through some material from them, so she knew what to expect.
The videos we watched were eye-opening, to say the least. Even Katie almost looked like she might have bitten off more than she could chew, albeit very briefly.
The work was extremely well paid, more than two month's salary for me. All expenses were paid, business class flights and a five-star hotel on arrival.
The studio proposed Katie would attend for a full day, from 10am until 6pm. There would be plenty of breaks, but during that time they wanted her to do a gloryhole set, where she sucked anonymous cocks through holes in a wall to orgasm, and swallow the sperm. Next would be a gangbang, followed by the main event, where a huge number of men would be invited to masturbate into her mouth. She'd be expected to swallow as much sperm as she could. It was usual for a girl to have more than a hundred loads to deal with.
Additionally, for the entire time she was there, she could be summoned to drop to her knees and receive another mouthful on request - this was a contractual obligation.
The video clips accompanying the emailed proposal confirmed that the event was exactly as described. Katie's eyes widened as the realisation of what she was expected to do was made clear.
"It does look really professional," she noted. The camera work and the lighting, as well as the large, spacious studio clearly wasn't the work of a tin-pot operation. The girl in the clips we had received was pretty, blonde and impeccably made-up. She wore an elegant red dress. After a nice photoshoot, fairly mild as far as the content goes, with only a small bit of masturbation at the end, she was then subjected to an onslaught of penises, thrust in her face anonymously through some professionally cut holes in the wall of the booth she sat in. Using her hands as best she could, she sucked expertly on cock after cock.
As each man reached orgasm, her cheeks indented as she sucked powerfully, doing an excellent job of taking all of it into her pretty mouth. By my count she'd already managed the contents of between ten to fifteen sets of balls in her mouth, and the video was only half-way through.
"Wow" Katie commented. "I like swallowing cum, but this is pretty extreme!" Despite this, I did note that she masturbated throughout all of the clips we watched, presumably imagining herself in the place of the star.
Part-way through the video a caption appeared at the top-right of the screen. 'Loads: 13. Swallowed: 13'
"Oh that's useful, they are keeping score," Katie laughed. By the end of the gloryhole scene the tally read 'Loads: 31. Swallowed, 30.'
"Missed one!" my wife giggled. "I thought she was going for a perfect score!"
The gloryhole scene over, we cut to the next scene, which was to be a gangbang. The girl had got herself cleaned up, had received another professional make-up job and was now wearing a black underwear set - stockings, suspenders and matching bra and panties.
Again, things got started with a photoshoot, this time ending with the girl working a realistic dildo in and out of her pussy, which Katie noted sported some hair in a neatly trimmed design. She'd been back and forward on this subject over the past week, before opting to get the whole thing completely waxed, which I'd loved as she was so fantastically smooth.
"It looks like they give out wristbands - look!" she noted, as the male performers appeared. Although the girl was a perfect example of the female form, the same could not be said for many of the men.
"I guess this is how they make money. Charge the men a fee, give them a wristband, make sure they pass their tests, then off they go. It looks like there are hundreds of them."
"What a great idea!" enthused Katie.
"They aren't exactly models," I said, tentatively, as one of the men sporting a larger belly took his place between the model's legs and began to fuck her.
"No, some look pretty good though. And they are all rock hard, look!" The queue of men awaiting their turn with this beauty all brandished erections which pointed to the sky. As the camera panned, there was occasionally a glimpse of a 'fluffer' in the background, responsible for all this arousal.
Katie found the gangbang a little underwhelming - the girl didn't move much, just lay there and waited as each man brought themselves to orgasm, before finishing in her mouth, as again the counter kept track. By the end it read: 'Loads: 23. Swallowed: 23,'
"She's only missed one," Katie mused. "But it doesn't look like she really wants to be there, right?"
"Yeah. Only in it for the money," I agreed.
"I can't imagine literally having a roomful of guys all so hard for me, and just wanting it to be over..."
The Bukkake event was similar to the gloryhole. The model had another wardrobe change, this time another beautiful gown, black and knee-length. The main difference from the gloryhole was that there was no booth or anonymity. The girl simply knelt and accepted sperm from every angle as masturbating men arrived with alarming frequency.
Due to the more urgent nature of the ejaculations, her mouth was frequently missed, but a girl in a mask knelt behind the target holding a large glass bowl. It was her job to catch any stray sperm, as well as to push any which landed on the forehead, cheeks, neck or breasts back into the mouth.
By the end of proceedings, the tally read 'Loads: 85. Swallowed: 85'. The girl's once impeccable make-up was smeared all over her face. One of her fake eyelashes had detached and was stuck to her cheek. She looked very much like a girl who'd just had eighty-five men ejaculate on her.
"Only one missed. I wonder if she'd have got a bonus for a perfect score?" Katie joked.
"What do you think?" I'd asked, now what she'd be doing was so real, there was no doubt what would be expected of her.
"I think I'm going to eat a lot of cum!" There was no doubt, no worry in her voice. She'd seen exactly what was coming, and couldn't wait to get started.
And so, I'd waved her off, just a small overnight bag for company as she was flying back late the following night. I'd got a video call from her after she'd arrived, she was very keen to show me around her five-star hotel. She'd been picked up from the airport and brought here, and treated very much like a VIP.
The video call inevitably turned into a mutual masturbation session. Katie was extremely nervous and excited for the following day's shoot.
"I'm going to have so many cocks all to myself tomorrow," were her final words to me, and the next I heard from her, other than a quick text to confirm she'd arrived OK the next day, and to say her flight was leaving on schedule, was when I picked her up from the airport that evening.
For that that twenty-four hours I got very little work done. There was an hour difference, so at the time I started, nine a.m, I knew Katie would also be commencing her 'job'. As I ate my lunch I wondered if my wife had eaten anything yet.
I occasionally got distracted with a phone call, or a spreadsheet I had to pay attention to, but, as soon as possible, my mind wandered to where my wife was probably being shared around a whole load of lucky men, each waiting their turn for the privilege of ejaculating in her mouth.
I tortured myself by not masturbating at all, getting some twisted pleasure in the filthy thoughts flying around my intensely aroused brain. I didn't want that to stop.
I was relieved to see Katie was smiling as the moving floor brought her back to me after she cleared customs.
"They went through my bag!" she laughed. "I've got a fucking eight-inch dildo in there!"
I was going to wait until we got into the car, for fear of eavesdroppers, but Katie started recounting her day immediately.
"It was so, so nice. The hotel, I had the most amazing breakfast, in bed. Then a proper limousine journey to the studio, everyone holding open the doors for me. But they definitely make sure they get their money's worth out of you."
"How do you mean?"
"Well, you know how it said I was contractually obliged to take a load whenever required, as soon as the day started at ten?" I nodded. "Well, by five past ten, I'd already swallowed three loads. They didn't even have the cameras on. Said they just needed to check my technique."
"Oh Christ." I moaned. I'd already come to terms with Katie being a sperm bank for anyone who'd bought a ticket. Filthy thoughts had been flying around my head for twenty-four hours, so getting confirmation like this simply reminded my cock of just what a whore my wife was.
"But what a lovely day!" she enthused. "Maria, she was the make-up artist, and they have this massive wardrobe section, so many beautiful dresses and sexy outfits!"
We'd reached the car. I held open the door for her. As she got in the small of her back was visible, and I saw a tattoo.
"Is that your fake?" I asked, intrigued.
"Oh yeah!" She pulled up her top and tried to return to see it. "I got a load of identical ones in Barcelona. They are semi-permanent, bit of a bugger to get off. Do you like it?"
"I do! But we do need to make sure nobody else sees, nobody we know," I said, cautiously. The tattoo was simply an Italian word across the base of her back: 'Puttana'. 'Whore'.
During the ride home Katie regaled me with the tale of her first pornographic photo shoot. Nobody there could believe that she'd chosen this to be her first work in the business.
"After the gloryhole, everyone said I was a natural," she smiled, proudly.
"Tell me about it," I said, trying to sound cool. I was rock hard.
"Well, it was just like in the video. Cocks just kept appearing, so I'd suck them and wank them, and swallow when they came," she explained. "They were all surprised that I was playing with myself all the way through it - I mean, who wouldn't!"
"Oh, fuck. Did you cum?"
"I never stopped! It was just so, so filthy. All these guys, you probably won't see them on the camera, but they were all queuing up, getting sucked off, there were three or four girls there to get everyone hard. Knowing this was all for me, that they were getting hard just so they could stick their cocks through those holes and I could suck them off and swallow their cum - wow! So hot!"
"Wow, yeah," I shifted in my seat, my wood-like penis trying to break free.
"Oh sorry, here." Katie reached over and freed it from its restraints, wanking me slowly as I drove and we talked.
"How many did you swallow?" I wondered.
"At the gloryhole? I don't know. I guess we'll have to wait for the video. But I'm pretty sure I didn't miss any."
"Ballpark figure? More than ten?"
"You fucking love it as much as me, don't you? I'd say more like thirty - Maria said we had a big turnout today."
We were approaching our turnoff, and there was a McDonalds there, open twenty four hours.
"You must be starving, shall we stop?"
"Are you kidding? I don't know exactly how many loads I've eaten, but it's over a hundred," she giggled. "Maria says there are one hundred million sperm in each guy's cum. I think that means I've eaten ten billion sperm today!" She was delighted.
My cock twitched at the pleasure my wife had taken from this shoot, which the other girl we'd watched had appeared to find quite arduous.
"So, what was next?"
"Well I went and got cleaned up, then as soon as I'm out of the shower there's two guys waiting for me, cocks out. That's a bit annoying, really - I wasn't even dressed. I'm guessing they might pay extra for a VIP pass and be allowed to come backstage and do that sort of thing. But it's in my contract, and I am a slut, so I take care of those guys, then get ready for the gangbang."
"Your favourite part?"
"I think it was, yeah. I mean the whole day was just so dirty, in such a pre-mediated and organised way. It was all pretty hot. But you know I love getting fucked, so yeah.
"How many?"
"It's all about the numbers for you, isn't it!" she teased, still gripping my cock as I drove.
"I don't think it's unreasonable for a man to ask his wife how many strangers she's fucked today," I countered.
"Fair," she grinned. "I think we're going to have to wait for the video though, I'm not sure. But I know that they all thought I did a good job though - Maria said I was a natural, everyone was watching on, really impressed."
"Nice work," I complimented her.
"Thanks!" she flashed her dirty smile. "But yeah, it was pretty hot. Like you said, some of the guys aren't much to write home about, looks-wise. But they were all rock hard, and there were a lot of them.
"Ballpark?" I pushed.
"Let's say twenty-five, at a guess. Nobody was inside me for more than a few minutes, they just fucked me so, so hard, then on to the next. I know I did better than that girl, because I was cumming the whole way through," she winked.
"Oh Jesus, really? You were cumming from them all fucking you?"
"Pretty much, I was rubbing my clit, just to keep it going. But they were hammering into me so hard, and I continually had one in my mouth. I was supposed to hold it all in there, you know like they do, until I had a massive mouthful of cum, but I just swallowed each one as soon as it arrived. And each time that was like a reminder of where I was, and what I was doing, what a whore I am. Which set me off again! Really, really hot."
"And the last part, the bukkake?"
"Well I managed it fine. I was worried it would be too much - I don't think spewing a bellyfull of sperm would be what they were looking for. It helped that they got me this really powerful vibrator - I was cumming all the way through it. At one point I lost most of the mouthful I was holding onto - I just let it all drool down my chin as I was cumming so much. I must have looked ridiculous!"
"I can guarantee you didn't," I argued. "Involuntarily drooling out the loads of several men because your orgasm is so powerful? I think that woud have gone down a storm."
"Maybe, Sounds pretty hot, when you put it like that," she smiled. "Anyway, the girl was there with the bowl, so she caught it all. I had quite a lot to down at the end! And before you ask, I have no idea how many! Not even a ballpark, it was just flying in from all angles the whole time, and this vibrator was sooo intense! But I do know the number will be bigger than they knew, because I fucked four guys in my dressing room, just before I left."
"Not on the camera then?" I wondered.
"No, well not on the big studio cameras. These guys, I'm not sure exactly what happened, but they didn't get a wristband, so just had to watch everyone wanking over me. I think they were late arrivals or something. It was after six when I bumped into them, but my flight wasn't until ten, so it seemed a bit mean to let them miss out. They had all the paperwork, all their tests. So why not? It was really nice actually, we had a great fuck, without all the crowds and the cameras - but they did snap a few pictures on their phones!"
Why not indeed. I'd ceased feeling any surprise at the things Katie got up to, I was just enjoying the ride.
It would take some time before the film would be edited and released. In the meantime, Rosa was in touch almost daily with offers. Over the coming months, Katie was at the airport at least twice a month.
One studio in particular, a specialist gangbang filmmaker in Germany, couldn't get enough of Katie, and likewise she found their work to be exactly what she needed. So, she had three visits in one month, her fee, negotiated by Rosa, increasing a little more each time. Whilst the money wasn't anywhere near as much as the bukkake studio offered, out of all the shoots she did, these were Katie's favourites.
"I really love working with these guys," she'd enthused, eyes shining, as I'd picked her up at the airport after the third day long session. "There's usually ten or so, and wow! They are real pro's, they can keep going for so long! And they throw me around all over the place, any position you can think of. Just constantly getting pumped full of cock, again, again again!"
"Your best so far?" I wondered. She nodded immediately. "Only that day in Italy, it will never get better than that. But these guys just know how to fuck me so well!"
Eventually the videos began to be released. This was an amazing time, both for me, but especially for Katie. I doubted whether any performer had looked forward to their work being released as much as my wife did. She was in regular contact with Rosa and the studios directly, trying to make sure she had a copy as soon as any of her material was available.
The Spanish Bukkake film was the first to be available. Their website had some tantalising clips and pictures, which would have been enough for me on their own, but access to the full videos required a subscription. Katie had purchased a subscription before I'd even thought of suggesting speaking to her agent, but she made sure that any future work included a subscription to the site she was working for, so this would not be a problem in future.
After paying the fee to access, we logged in. Katie's face was the cover photo on the homepage, as the very latest release.
"Wow!" was all I could say. The screen was split into two, the larger part featured Katie naked, on her front, raised up on both elbows, knees bent so her red heels were showing. And, quite clearly, her 'Puttana' tattoo half showing. I was pleased about this, as it was our best counter to anyone who said this whore was actually my wife.
She looked incredible, her hair in the blonde wig which was superbly fitted, with no hint that it wasn't her real hair. In the second photo, her eyes smiled as two cocks simultaneously unloaded thick white streams of sperm into her mouth, adding to the impressive amount that she already held in there.
There was some blurb at the top of the page:
"Francesca Bella contacted us to say she needed more cock. Who were we to argue? In her first ever shoot, she swallows the loads of over a hundred men, and doesn't even break sweat! She's also gangbanged by some of our lucky guys, and we've never seen a girl enjoy being fucked quite this much - or have as many orgasms during a shoot!
"Quite an introduction," I smiled. Katie looked like she'd just won an Olympic medal. We put the videos up on the big screen and watched all three of them through. Katie, unsurprisingly, masturbated throughout. I sat her on my lap, she sank down on my cock, and continued playing with herself, eyes glued to the screen.
"Thirty-five!" she congratulated herself at the end of the gloryhole."
"That's so fucking beautiful," I murmured. Katie was still cumming on screen as she played with herself, having consumed all thirty-five loads.
We sat and fucked slowly all the way through the gangbang and the bukkake shoot. I came not long into the gangbang scene, but remained inside her as she was enjoying the penetration. She kept herself either at the beginning or end of one long orgasm all the way through all of the films.
"What did you think?" she asked, as the Bukkake eventually finished, with the on-screen Katie oblivious to anything other than the vibrator she clutched in between her legs, convulsing with another climax washing over her.
I simply kissed her, long and hard, thrusting my still-hard length into her. Even though it was numb for me, Katie still got pleasure from it.
"I'm so lucky, so amazingly lucky that you married me, and you stayed married to me, and that we discovered this side of you."
"And I'm so lucky to be able to do this stuff. I used to think you were holding me back. But I don't think I'd ever find another man who made me comfortable doing all the things I'm doing now. So I reckon we're even!"
Her final tally was thirty-five from the gloryhole, eighteen from the gangbang and seventy-one from the Bukkake. Giving her a total of one hundred and twenty-four.
Over the coming months Katie continued working. She was incredibly well paid and was able to buy herself a nice car and, despite my insistence that it wasn't necessary, pay her half of our bills. I managed to persuade her to split everything, my male pride not wanting me to become a 'kept' man. But suddenly I had a lot more money in my pocket too - although not quite as much as my pornstar wife.
Over time, Katie's work began to pop up on the popular porn video sites, and we loved to read the comments. What we both really loved, though, was reading reviews of her films. I'd never really thought such a thing would exist, but there were several popular websites where newly released pornography was reviewed. Additionally, there were viewer comments sections on several of the sites.
"Newcomer Francesca Bella is taking the industry by storm!" was the headline from the first review site we found. I read out loud as Katie drank a glass of wine.
"Eurobabe Francesca Bella appeared from nowhere only three months ago. Since then she has gone on to work for some of the big European studios. It's very obvious what her speciality is - I've yet to see her in a scene with fewer than nine male performers.
"So, it's clear that this girl is very much a fan of cocks and sperm - so much so that she ate over a hundred loads on her debut video! But the biggest takeaway from that appearance was just how invested in her job this little slut is. I'm going to hazard a guess that she won't mind being called that, considering she has the word 'Puttana' literally tattooed across her back! For those who don't know, this means 'Whore' in Italian. This truly shows her dedication to her trade.
"And in this latest video from the German Weber studio, the title of which translates to 'Francesca the unquenchable fuck toy', this dedication is right there for us all to see.
"As with all Weber movies, there's no attempt at a plot, or any niceties, introductions, anything other than sex from minute one. Francesca is roughly undressed, and by five minutes, all of her holes are being mercilessly fucked by the usual extremely dedicated german studs.
"She has four big loads of german jizz in her face after ten minutes, and this is continually added to until, by the end of the movie which runs at just over two hours, she's got sperm all over her hair, face, shoulders, tits (did I mention this girl has the most perfect breasts?) - pretty much everywhere. It's hard to keep up with just how many of these very well endowed, muscular young men Francesca deals with, but they keep coming - it's at least twelve.
"At the end of the show, and this is something I don't think I've ever seen before in this business, Francesca is visibly and, apparently, genuinely disappointed that the scene is over. Either that, or she should be a mainstream actress - she'd be up for an oscar.
"There are plenty of stunningly beautiful young women in this business. And there are some from that rare breed who are as interested in their trade as those who buy their work - or review them, as I do.
Francesca Bella uniquely combines both. She is as exquisite as any woman I've had the pleasure of seeing on my screen -- and not just in the porn business. She's just plain drop-dead gorgeous. And with it, she is as dirty a lady as you'll ever have seen on film. Not necessarily just the acts she performs, but the sheer, obvious enjoyment with which she does so.
"If you haven't already seen this slut in action, you need to. The word is she's been working hard and there's plenty more to come from her.
"I'm giving 'Francesca the unquenchable fuck toy' nine out of ten, only missing out on a ten because there's no footage of her on screen when the credits roll. Francesca gets eleven out of ten - the most clear example of a sex superstar you'll ever see!"
Katie was blown away by this review. Her pseudonym was appearing more and more regularly with each web search, and we enjoyed trawling through the results, finding other reviews and comments about her. She even had a very active fan page on reddit.
The review for her first video, the Spanish Bukkake, was similarly appreciative:
"Every so often, a girl comes along who is just made for this business. This incredibly beautiful Italian newcomer, Francesca Bella, isn't one of these girls. No, this business was made for Francesca Bella.
"Spanish Bukkake isn't for the faint hearted. Some girls, you can just tell, they are a rabbit in the headlights, wondering what they've let themselves in for. Just waiting for it all to be over so they can get their paycheck.
"Francesca is a different breed. I could tell you that she devoured the semen of anyone who crossed her path (over one hundred and twenty men, across three films). I could tell you that the studio immediately booked her in for two further visits and were on the phone to her agent even whilst she was swallowing loads on set.
"I could tell you that the orgasms she has, one after the other, throughout her performances, are very real and completely unscripted - have you ever seen a girl masturbate in one of these films?
"But the best way to illustrate just what kind of girl we are dealing with here, is this.
"I am reliably informed that, off the clock, when the cameras weren't rolling and everyone was on their way home, Francesca Bella spent her own time fucking four guys, before leaving to catch her plane home. She was not obliged to do this. She had finished work for the day.
"She had, during the time she was paid to be on set, had sex with thirty men, and swallowed more sperm in a day than many women would in ten lifetimes. And yet she chose to have sex with four more guys and, get this, opened up and swallowed another load or two for good measure. After already dealing with a hundred plus cocks shooting their sperm down her throat 'on the clock', as it were.
"You occasionally hear rumours of this type of thing, but usually it's just that - rumour. If it's true, then we have something almost unique here. A one hundred percent, verified, supremely horny, up for anything, cock hungry slut. There are any number of girls pretending to be this, some more or less genuine than others. Francesca Bella is the real deal.
"My scores can only go up to five, so five it is. But know that this is, without exception, the finest bukkake girl you'll ever see. And I suspect you'll be hearing similar things as she goes on to work for other studios. The perfect pornstar!"
Katie made me read this one back to her, and she fingered herself all the way through. As much as, even more than, the physical acts she loved to perform, she enjoyed the attention it brought. Reading comments, hearing what people had to say about her, the reaction reminded me of how she loved showing off her sexy pictures to Giuseppe and Tino, how aroused she'd been after flashing to those mechanics on that same day on our holiday.
Simply put, the mind gave her as much pleasure as the body. And knowing that so many people were now watching her, appreciating her, commenting on her, eagerly awaiting her next appearance, this made her supremely horny.
With this as the backdrop, we were out at the weekend for some drinks, and met up with some of my friends, which we tended to do on a Saturday. It was an interesting group, I'd only moved to the area at thirty, and most of the guys I met from playing football with the local Sunday league team. A few had married, then divorced.
Some had never married, and some came out and left their wives at home. But Katie was the only female. She'd always been able to give as good as she got in a male environment, and was really 'one of the boys', when it came to banter, games of pool or downing a pint.
Tonight, we were getting ready to go out again. Katie was wearing thigh-high socks and a miniskirt, with a tight top that showed off her midriff.
"I've got to make sure my back is visible, haven't I? So everyone knows I'm not Francesca the Puttana," was her reasoning. But really, she just liked showing off. She'd always dressed like this, always in something revealing, and I used to hate it. But now, now I recognised this as just a part of who she was, and I loved who she was totally and unconditionally.
Katie rarely wore the same thing twice. Luckily her new career had given her more than adequate funds to pursue this approach, and I loved seeing what she'd be wearing from one day to the next. Nights out were even better, even just down the local pub with my friends.
I'd spent a few minutes washing the temporary 'Puttana' tattoo off, as Katie couldn't see it without a mirror, and there was always some left over after her shower. She was all clear and looked amazing.
Tonight, we were greeted by a roar as we entered the pub. Katie still had her long coat on, so it wasn't prompted by her outfit.
"Alright?" I half queried as we approached the group. There were eleven tonight, out of the potential fourteen who sometimes made it out.
"Dan, Katie. When were you going to tell us?"
"Tell you what?" I was immediately nervous. Was the cat out of the bag?
"Mate, if my wife was half the woman yours is... let's just put it this way, we wouldn't leave the house much!"
"I beg your pardon!" Katie's amused indignation had just the right amount of bite to it.
"Don't give me that," Neil had continued. We all know what you've been up to!"
"And what is that, pray tell," she laughed, confidently taking off her coat and revealing her killer outfit. There was a slight pause, the sight perhaps knocking Neil's train of thought - she looked stunning.
"Don't act the innocent, Francesca!"
Oh fuck! They knew. Must keep calm, Katie knows what to do. Don't do anything stupid, don't admit anything.
Luckily nobody was looking at me, I must look as guilty as sin. Just try to keep calm.
Luckily Katie was a lot better at this than me.
"The name's Katie, Neil. Who the fuck is Francesca?"
Neil immediately held up his phone, whereupon the photo on his phone (he'd somehow found a fully clothed one where Katie wasn't being speared by multiple cocks) was displayed to all. Everyone had obviously been investigating this phenomenon before our arrival, as others had similar photographs, many of which were, no doubt, not as innocent as the one Neil handed to Katie.
"Oh, isn't she lovely!" Katie laughed. "Who is she then?"
Neil's phone was replaced with someone else's, who had open a very explicit picture of Francesca on all fours being spitroasted by two men.
"Oh Jesus!" Katie squealed, slapping her hand over her eyes and handing the phone blindly back in the direction it came from."That is disgusting!"
"Can you not see a resemblance?" Neil continued. "Because we all can."
I should do something. I can't just stand here in silence, that would be totally out of character.
"Give me a look," I stepped in, grabbing Neil's phone and taking a look for myself. I recognized it as one of the pictures from the Katie's first work at the Spanish Bukkake.
"Oh, I see what you mean. Katie, they are saying it looks like you, I guess it does, a bit." I rotated the phone, appearing to examine it carefully.
"Does it fuck!" Katie said, with impressive annoyance. I recalled the review we'd read the other day 'She'd be up for an oscar if she were a mainstream actress'.
"Give me that back!" She reached out for the phone with the picture of her fucking on it.
"Just swipe across. There's loads of pictures on here." Neil demonstrated, swiping the safe for work picture away and replacing it with Katie on her knees with many loads of sperm in her mouth.
"Oh, fucking hell!" she feigned a vomiting motion. "Where the fuck do you find this stuff! Give me that!"
The room watched on with interest as Katie swiped through quite a few pictures of herself performing a whole range of sexual acts. She occasionally turned away with a look of disgust, but seemingly forced herself to proceed. Eventually she handed the phone back to Neil. I noticed she'd left a picture on screen of herself with two cocks in her vagina, and several loads of sperm in her face.
It was one I instantly recognised as it had been on the screen last night when I'd not been able to hold back and had added my own load to her face as Katie described just how it had felt at the Weber studio where the picture was taken.
"Right, Neil," she stood over him with a look of well-worn patience. "I'll admit that, yeah, she looks a bit like me.
"A bit! It's fucking you, Katie!"
"Sure it is Neil. Please don't tell me you actually believe that?"
I felt like I should probably be contributing to the pretence somehow. But Katie was way better at this stuff than me. I still worried I'd trip over my words and give the game away under cross examination.
I settled on mimicking Katie's disparaging look, and going to the bar. Pretending to be solely focussed on which wines were available tonight, I listened intently to Katie's defence.
"Let's examine the facts, shall we? Firstly, if I'm not mistaken, stuff like this isn't generally made in this country, it's against the law here, right?"
This wasn't true and Katie knew it, there were no longer any laws preventing hardcore pornography - in fact she was considering an offer from a UK studio to 'fly Francesca in' from Italy. But it did continue the facade of ignorance on the subject.
Nobody actually bothered to correct her.
"Secondly, she has completely fucking different hair, Neil." Judging by the roar when we'd entered, Neil had not been the only one who'd proliferated these 'theories' about my wife. But everyone was happy for Neil to bear the brunt of her withering monologue now. "She's fucking blonde, Neil?" she pointed at her head, before tapping her forehead condescendingly.
"You can dye it," he countered.
"Yeah OK Neil. So I'm dying my hair, and flying to France to make porn films, right? Then dying it back exactly the same colour when I'm home?"
Neil shrugged obstinately. A few giggles started to ripple around the room.
"Well how about this one, numbnuts," she turned around, pointing at her slim, bare back, before holding Neil up a picture of herself getting fucked from behind, with the 'Puttana' tattoo clearly visible. "I suppose I got the tattoo removed, did I?"
"Oh fuck off!" Neil conceded, joining in with the laughing which had now increased in volume. "Whatever. You have to admit it does look just like you.
"Yeah OK. Just like me if I was French, had blonde hair and had tattoos?"
"Italian." The voice was Callum's. Callum was one of the group who had never married, and he was well known as a keen consumer of pornography. I suspected that out of everyone, he'd be the one who had brought this matter to the attention of the group.
"Just saying," he continued. "I know I'm a perv, alright. But she's from Italy. That tattoo, it's Italian for 'whore'.
"Classy." Katie rolled her eyes. Callum, you need to get a girlfriend."
I was impressed by Katie's handling of the situation. It had gone almost exactly as she'd predicted and planned, back when she was convincing me that she really could get away with being a porn star.
The way she'd done it, by dissecting Neil's flawed argument to increasing amusement from the audience, meant nobody now even contemplated that the Katie standing in front of them, identical as she looked to Francesca the porn star, could possibly be the slut they'd all been searching on their phones.
Katie, as I'd suspected and she'd confirmed when nobody was within earshot, had found the whole thing hugely exciting. Scrolling through so many filthy pictures of herself, with my friends watching on, really was hiding in plain sight, just like she'd said. And it made her horny.
As ever for a Saturday night, once the football had finished, we played pool. The group began to thin as the more adventurous headed into town, and the less adventurous headed home. The pub was still open for another hour or so, so we got some more drinks in. There was only Me, Katie, Neil, Callum, Dave and Paul left. All of us were a little worse for wear.
"I still can't get over that girl, that slut. She is the absolute double of you, Katie."
"Are you saying I look like a slut, Neil?" Katie eyed him carefully over the top of her wine glass.
I'm saying there's a slut who looks just like you," he grinned.
"Careful Neil," I grinned, trying to seem like this was just banter. It was for Neil, no doubt. But Katie could be dangerous when she'd had a few drinks and the subject turned as it looked like it might do now.
"It's fine Dan," Katie winked. "I can give as good as I get."
"So can Francesca," said Paul, holding up a picture of Katie. It reminded me of the one we'd both loved of Emilia, standing in a beautiful dress, but flanked by naked men, four of them, all with very large and very erect cocks.
"Jesus. You know what though, she actually looks pretty stunning there, doesn't she? It's just a shame what else she does," Katie pretended to concede. There was not an ounce of doubt that everyone believed her now. Even Neil had conceded that the lack of a tattoo meant Francesca was not Katie. Which gave Katie free reign to engage in her favourite activity, perusing footage of herself performing a range of sexual acts, with an audience of appreciative men to hand.
"What's this girl called again?" she asked innocently. Once she was told, she spent some time searching and finding some more pictures she wanted to show the boys.
"I guess she does look like me," she conceded, faux begrudgingly. "She looks much more trampy though, with that hair and the tattoo, doesn't she?"
"I think it's the hundreds of cocks she's taking care of that does that, Katie," Dave sniggered. Katie laughed too.
"I had no idea girls like this even existed," she marvelled. "Do you think she's, you know, OK? Not sex trafficked or something?"
"Well I've read," Callum interjected, the subject moving to one he was very well versed in, "that she's earned a fortune this year. All the major studios want her, and some of the stuff she does, it pays very well."
"How well?" asked Paul with interest.
"Well, that Spanish company, they are the biggest payers. They work the girls hard, but they get paid like what I get a year just for one shoot."
"Seriously?" Katie said with interest. "Don't say that too loud, maybe I am in the wrong business. Dan, you'd never have to work again!"
"Oh yeah," I laughed, playing along. "Maybe we shouldn't be so negative. I could be your pimp!"
"Yeah," continued Callum, continuing on his theme. "Well, I mean I'm on minimum wage, but still. She's done like three shoots for them, and a load for Weber, and a few others too. I reckon she's probably made a fortune, and she's only been doing films for a few months."
"It sounds like you approve?" Katie queried. Callum blushed.
"Yeah, well, I mean..."
"Callum's a member," Dave grinned at Callum.
"Fuck off, Dave."
"You fucking are, and you know it. This guy loves that shit - you know you do!"
"Yeah well, maybe. OK, I'll admit I'm a member of Weber's site."
I glanced at Katie, knowing she'd love this. Weber was where she had done all of the shoots she'd enjoyed the most. They were a German studio and regarded as the specialist in one type of film, which was very popular and happened to be exactly what Katie loved the most. One beautiful, willing girl, and multiple very well-endowed, muscular and extremely horny young men.
From the first to the last minute, a girl in a Weber film would be surrounded by cock, and there was very little foreplay. Katie had said that within two minutes of her first film, after a very brief introduction, she was being fucked anally by a well-lubricated, iron hard german.
Rather than ask her to swallow, the theme of Weber productions was to ejaculate over the girl externally, usually over her exquisitely made-up face. I'd found it hugely arousing seeing some of the pictures of Katie modelling the semen of so many men, and she'd described the satisfaction she'd felt as her co-stars waited patiently before engaging with a hole as soon as it was available, then using her superbly accommodating orifices to bring themselves to orgasm before depositing load after load indiscriminately over her face, hair, neck and breasts.
Callum had logged into the Weber site and opened up the most recent of Katie's shoots. It had only gone live earlier today and neither of us had watched any of it back yet. He hadn't resisted as Katie snatched his phone and started scrolling through the pictures.
There was no longer any indignance or attempt to prove it wasn't her - that job had been done. Katie was a little tipsy now, and she was simply enjoying the chance to gauge opinion on her work.
"Oh Jesus!" she giggled. "Callum, this is just so filthy!" Katie's nipples were clearly visible through her tight top, and I could see the little hairs on her arm were standing up. I knew that she was getting aroused. Her pussy would already be lovely and wet and ready, and I'd be fucking her hard as soon as we got home -- if we even made it that far. She was holding up a picture to each of my friends, giving each of them a few more seconds than you'd expect to take in the image on Callum's phone.
Katie was perched on top of one cock, which was about halfway up her anus. Her legs were wide apart and her pussy was gaping open a touch, clearly another penis had only recently withdrawn. She was steadying herself by gripping a large cock in each hand. A stream of sperm was splashing against her cheek courtesy of another man who was bringing himself off over my wife.
Her face told the story. From forehead to chin, sperm adorned her face, thick and white, sliding down slowly, hanging in long stalactites and dropping into the nape of her neck, before winding down between her breasts. Her expression could only be described as one of sheer joy, genuine delight as she was subjected to what most women would consider a violation of all that was moral.
The Katie holding up the picture occasionally remembered that she was supposed to be disgusted by this, but her distaste was becoming less obvious, and, knowing her as I do, her enjoyment in the situation was increasing. I thought it a good idea to try to change the subject.
"What a whore," I'd said, trying to sound conclusive. "Give Callum his phone back, we'll have to get going soon."
Katie realised what I was doing and flashed me a smile, before handing the phone back to Callum. He looked at the picture appreciatively for a minute before putting it on the table,
"Yeah, this Francesca, she's a real filthy one. Normally you can tell these girls, they are like shipped in from Kazakhstan or wherever and will do anything for the cash. But this one's different. She's seriously the only one I've seen doing this shit who really seems to love it. There's a few who don't mind, and a few that are just good at it, but this one just seems to live for it. On that Spanish site, she's gulping down spunk from the one hundredth guy just as happily as the first, then you can just see her looking around for the next, even before she's finished.
Katie was glowing with pride. But she remembered the act she had to keep up.
"One hundred? She swallows spunk from one hundred men? You are fucking kidding me, right?"
Callum went silent for a minute, before pulling up a page on his phone and presenting it to Katie. Her eyes widened, and she tugged my shoulder, showing me what Callum had handed to her.
I hadn't actually realised this area even existed on the Bukkake site. Each girl who had ever appeared on the site had her own page, and on it was the running tally of loads of semen she had swallowed during her different performances on the site. By now, she'd been for three separate full-day shoots. Rosa, her agent, was busy negotiating another visit, and it looked likely she'd be paid more than double her original fee, which was more than reasonable already.
Francesca Bella - Loads: 472. Swallowed, 472.
"Oh. what? This can't be real?"
"I can guarantee you it is, because I've watched every one," he confessed. "And, get this, apparently, she spent the whole day there - this was her very first ever porn shoot, right? Imagine that? Some girls, they might start out doing solo work, lesbian stuff, all very safe. After a while they might progress to fucking a guy, maybe two at once. The odd one might eventually do a gangbang, but it's just for the cash, you can tell.
"This one, for her very first time. She picks a job where she gets fucked all over the place, blokes spunking up in her mouth left, right and centre. She's swallowing everything, takes I tall in her stride. So then it's job done, she's ready to go. She's been fucked by anyone who felt like it, been at it all day. But there's a few lads missed out. So, she's just, come on then, let's fuck. She fucks these guys, no money, no cameras, just because she wants to."
Callum was seriously in awe of my wife and her nymphomaniac streak
Katie shook her head. If you'd been looking, like I was, you'd have seen goose-pimples rising on each arm, as Callum expressed his disbelief at just how perverted, depraved and promiscuous she was.
"She just sounds like a slut." She tried to sound disapproving, but her nipples looked like they might burst through her t-shirt..
"I know, right! A complete slut!" Callum was triumphant.
"You say that like it's a good thing," Katie said, trying to get back on her high horse, but failing a little. "So, tell me, Callum. You pay for this stuff, right you watch it all on the website?"
Callum shrugged.
"I hope you can answer this honestly. Have you ever wanked over this little slut, doing all of this filthy stuff." She did a pretty good impression of a disgusted look at the picture of herself happily eating up stranger's semen which was currently on Callum's phone.
"Oh, no, not her, of course not," Callum lied. The only question was just how many times he'd done it, no doubt all the while dreaming it was my wife (which it actually was). Katie knew it, I knew it, but we didn't argue. We went home and fucked whilst watching the latest Weber video, Katie even wetter than I'd thought she'd be.
A further six months down the line and things had degenerated even further. Katie's notoriety had spread over the Atlantic, and Rosa was constantly calling with offers from the big studios in the US. There were some great looking offers, and Katie really wanted to do some of them, but it posed some issues. In all of her performances up to now, she'd not spoken a lot, but when she had, it had been in her 'native' Italian. Filming in a native English speaking country would complicate things.
"It's actually easier in some ways, Dan. When you think about it. I just have to not speak much, but when I do, it needs to be with an Italian accent.
"I guess," I wasn't at all sure though. "The problem I have is everyone watching will be listening a whole lot more. When it's all in German or Spanish, nobody is really paying any attention. But these American films, they will be asking you stuff, and you'll be answering them, and it will all be in English.
"Can you imagine Neil, and Callum, they will be listening like hawks. All it takes is one slip of the tongue, you saying something in your own voice, and all of a sudden they are back on the case again.
Katie promised to be careful. She really wanted to try the American experience, which was meant to be quite different to the European one - not that she had anything against that. Rosa arranged for several shoots, grouped together over a two week period. I was able to arrange for some holidays at the same time and took the opportunity to join her, which she was really pleased about.
"Are you going to come along and watch?" she wanted to know. "It will be pretty fucking hot if you do. My husband coming along and watching me getting all filthy!"
And that's pretty much how it went. Katie had a two week visit to the U.S. There was little time for sightseeing as Rosa booked her some work every day, bar one Tuesday when we had time to have a little look around.
Katie's reputation had preceded her, and the work she had booked in was just what you'd expect. Gangbangs and sperm play films in the main. She did have an intriguing session filming an episode of 'Robot Whores' during which various crazy contraptions with pistons, vibrators and even robotic tongues were wheeled out and all of which gave her orgasm after orgasm.
This was fascinating, watching my wife being reduced to a shaking, soaking mess by machines which had no issues with tiredness, nor any need for breaks, or any other physical reason to stop them from simply pumping endless, unstopping, realistic cocks in and out of her pussy and arsehole.
Having never sat in on any of her previous shoots, I had nothing to compare against. But it was quite an experience seeing Katie dressed up and made up so beautifully and elegantly, before being shared around and violated so thoroughly by the male performers for the camera.
Katie's identity was very quickly outed, as she had to present her British passport, so any pretence of her being Italian was blown away immediately. But the porn industry, it seems, is full of people with secret identities, and nobody thought twice about presenting Katie as Francescan Bella, the famous Italian whore. It made not an ounce of difference to them where she was from.
The highlight for me was a shoot with an American girl who I vaguely recognised, Harley Knight. She was very sexy and it was extraordinarily arousing to watch her tonguing my wife, and Katie replying in kind. The main theme of the film was 'creampie' and the multiple men all took turns to ejaculate inside Harley, with the finale being Katie emulating Emilia and extracting as much semen as she could with her mouth, before sharing it in a sloppy kiss with Harley.
Within two months Katie had re-visited the U.S, this time on her own as I had to work. And she'd again filmed some amazing scenes. I knew they were amazing because, at the end of the year Katie received some news from her agent. Her two visits to the U.S had resulted in Francesca Bella being nominated for no fewer than six awards at the annual adult movie awards. This was the porn equivalent to the Oscars, and would be broadcast live around the world in January.
Katie was up for:
Best Actress
Best Foreign Actress
Best Female Newcomer
Best Group Scene
Best Anal Scene
Best Gangbang Scene
"Oh my god! How crazy is this?" she'd laughed. Katie had been a porn actress for less than a year.
"You are clearly very good at your job," I smiled. "Remember all those reviews, all the comments?"
"Yeah, I know, but still. Oh, fucking hell! People have watched me being a total whore, and decided I'm so good at it, I should get an award?"
"Nomination," I grinned. "But six of them, I'd say that's pretty good going."
Katie's recent good news hadn't gone unnoticed at the pub on Saturday either.
"See you're up for some awards," Neil had teased. After feigning ignorance for a while, Katie began to milk it a bit.
"Well, you know, when you are as amazing as I am, it's only natural I'm going to get nominated!"
When Neil had pointed out that the nominations included best anal scene and best gangbang, she had to pretend to be disgusted, but the glow in her cheeks gave her away to me.
There was no way Katie would consider missing the ceremony. I didn't even attempt to suggest that. But she wanted me to join her. I pointed out that Katie's doppelganger walking down the red carpet with my doppelganger wouldn't be something we could explain away in the pub.
"Can you imagine Neil," I'd reminded her. "Or Callum?"
"Yeah, I suppose," She'd reluctantly agreed. "Get me, though, finally recognised for my art!"
"Joke all you want," I said, seriously. "There's thousands of girls doing porn. How many ever get a single nomination?" Katie shrugged. "You've been nominated for six!"
And so, we flew to Las Vegas for the ceremony. Despite my not joining her on the red carpet, I travelled with her to give her moral support. On the night, I helped her apply her 'Puttana' tattoo, as she was wearing a skimpy outfit which barely covered her most familiar parts, and ensured the tattoo was visible.
I'd watched the whole thing on TV in my hotel room. Until about halfway through the show I hadn't seen Katie at all, but then came the nominations for 'Best Gangbang Scene'. My heart leapt as she waved excitedly, the camera panning to her as they read out her name. She seemed really surprised that she won.
"For her work in the Steel Studios production 'Cock worshippers 8', it's Francesa Bella!" Katie jumped to her feet and ran up to the stage, doing a little jump/dance when she got there. She took her award with delight and held it above her head to rapturous applause. She was handed a microphone. I panicked for a moment - she was still in character, Francesca the Puttana.
"Thank you," she smiled out at the crowd, eyes slightly squinting from the lights. "My English is not good, but I just say thank you, I loved doing this movie!"
Perfect, I thought to myself, breathing a sigh of relief. Her accent, that of an Italian who didn't know much English, was very convincing.
Katie continued to visit the stage, picking up four awards in total. Best Group Scene had been for her 'work' with Harley Knight, and the Best Female Newcomer award was picked up with delight, each visit to the stage being accompanied by a couple of pidgin English sentences, and a triumphant punch of the air with her shiny trophy.
The last and most prestigious award of the night was Best Actress. The men in this industry were, in the main, an afterthought, all the money and attention went to the girls. Before we came over here, Rosa was wishing Katie all the best, telling her how good it would be for her career - she'd immediately be able to increase her appearance fee on the back of even the best newcomer award. Best female would be all the better.
Katie took all of this with a pinch of salt, The money meant very little to her - she still couldn't really believe she got paid to do this work at all. In fact, and Rosa begged her not to tell anyone this, she'd have paid her own money in return for the experiences she'd had, if things had been different.
Nevertheless, when her name was read from the card as this year's 'Best Actress', and the music went up, and all lights, cameras and eyes were on her, she looked like she might have burst into tears of happiness. This time she held the stage for a little longer, as the winner of last year's award, Jenna Jones, best known for her lesbian orgies, presented her award, and held her hand to prevent a quick escape.
"So, Francesca, well done! How do you feel?"
Katie replied with a dazed expression, waving her hands in front of her face, wafting air onto herself.
"I cannot believe this!" She still doggedly stuck to the plan, thick Italian accent covering everything she said. "It's so, how do you say? I'm overwhelmed!"
Jenna gave her a big hug, making a big deal of squeezing Katie's behind very obviously, which brought a roar from the crowd.
"Sorry, I couldn't help it. Just as perky as it looks!" she explained. Another Cheer. "I'm told no actress has ever won four awards on her first appearance here, and nobody has ever won both 'Best Newcomer' and 'Best Actress'. That's some achievement - what do you attribute this overnight success to?"
Katie shrugged, beaming with delight, before saying something in Italian. A few cheers went up around the room before she translated.
"Oh, sorry. I just say I love fucking. I really do, it's not a lie, I love it. So, I hope this is because everyone can see how much I love it, no?"
The room erupted, and Katie left the stage in triumph for the last time.
I came down from the hotel room and met her as soon as the show finished on TV. She was surrounded by people, women in flamboyant outfits, men in tuxedos, all wanting to shake or kiss her hand, all wanting a picture with her. As soon as she saw me, she threw her arms up in the air, two awards in each hand.
"Dan!" she screamed, running and jumping into my body, straddling me and trusting that I would catch her (I did.) "I won!" She brandished her four awards, pulling a face of astoundment, mouth wide open.
"I know, I saw!" I assured her. "I told you, didn't I? I'm only surprised you didn't win all of them, sure you will next time." Katie gave me the most passionate kiss in front of everyone, and a cheer went around the room.
The attendees of a porn industry award show are an unusual bunch. The women, almost by definition, love attention. Some of the men also fitted that character trait, but in the main, most men I met were there with the women. I saw at least four or five that I recognised from Katie's award winning gangbang scene, and, having spent the duration of the show upstairs taking advantage of the minibar, contemplated them with interest.
Despite each of these men having very vigorous and public sex with my wife, despite her sucking their cocks, receiving their semen on or inside her body, I felt not one iota of awkwardness. No jealousy, nor even any competitive edge, an urge to show them that I was Katie's man. If anything, I felt grateful to them for making her fantasies a reality, and even a little sorry for them, as it was clear that many of these stars attended alone.
I got talking to more than one of them and this confirmed my suspicions. There were ordinary guys who happened to be good at fucking, and able to do it in public. They had all fucked a lot of girls, and Katie had fucked a lot of men. I shook many hands and thanked them for giving Katie so much fun. In each case, there seemed to be a genuine appreciation that they had been noticed. I guessed it would be easy to feel invisible as a male at an event like this.
Having spoken to more than one of these guys, I felt for them even more - whilst the girls got all the money and all the attention, with a few exceptions the guys had to work twice as much to get half the money. But, I reasoned with myself as another perfect bodied and liberal minded young lady passed by, there were some perks.
I again marvelled at the change in myself from not much more than a year ago, when the sight of any man's eyes lingering on Katie for more than a few seconds was enough to have steam coming out of my ears.
The other thing that struck me about the attendees of the awards party, which appeared to be going on around us, was that nobody had the slightest interest in Katie's past. No-one showed any surprise or even appeared to notice that she had an English husband. Even the fact she had a husband at all, which I guessed must be a rarity for a girl of this age in this industry, went without comment. Everything was about now, no regrets, no past, not even a future. Just now. Which made for a pretty good night.
And now we were back home. Just the day after I'd had my cock sucked by three of the industry's most well-known performers, at Katie's request ('it's about time you got the chance Dan, these girls are amazing!') and watched Katie have lesbian sex for the first time, and resulting in her most public orgasms yet as she sampled these same girls' talents, we were preparing for a night at the pub, the same as any other Saturday night.
It had been a bit of a rush, we'd got home by lunchtime, had a quick shower and tried to get to sleep. But neither of us managed to drop off, such was the buzz which continued from the award show, so we decided to go out, have some drinks, and no doubt stumble into bed for a good, long, alcohol induced sleep later.
Katie was dressed, by her standards, quite conservatively, some very short denim shorts, and a Miam Vice T-shirt, with a leather jacket. She'd not even bothered wearing heels.
"All glammed out, after the show?" I wondered.
"A bit. Do you think I look awful?" she worried. I laughed and shook my head.
"Impossible! I was just impressed that it only took you ten minutes to get ready, that's definitely a record."
"Yeah, well, it's not like we're going anywhere special, just a few drinks at the pub," she reasoned.
Unsurprisingly, the group had all heard all about Francesca's successful night at the awards, which had been screened the previous day.
"Here she is!" Neil shouted as we approached the bar. "Winner of 'Best Gangbang', Miss Francesca Bella!"
"Oh, fuck off Neil," Katie had said, doing her best to remember the angry tone she generally used in this situation. It was, all of a sudden, difficult to remember who and where we were, jet lag and the rapid change in circumstances from the last time we were out in public together meaning I felt like I had to concentrate before saying anything, for fear of letting something slip.
The evening went as it usually did, lots of drinks, and lots of Katie feigning surprise at the latest news from Francesca's career. It was a running joke now that Katie had 'accepted' that she was Francesca, and she humoured my friends as they congratulated her on her big award wins.
"Yes, Paul, I'm delighted to have won the best group scene. Of course, it was amazing, licking up some slut's pussy with a bunch of guys' spunk inside. Yes, I was gutted that I didn't win 'best anal scene. Oh yes, I loved doing 'Cock Worshippers 8'."
"Of course, Neil, we have just flown in from Vegas, after celebrating all of my big wins." The sarcasm was thick, and she rolled her eyes convincingly, but each of these statements was actually factually true. I knew she'd be dripping wet, talking about this stuff out loud.
It was nearly closing time when the bombshell hit. I was standing at the bar, getting a last round in before the shutters came down. There was only Neil, Callum and Paul left. Neil was at the bar with me and helped by grabbing two of the pints. As we turned back to the pool table, I almost dropped the two drinks I was carrying.
On our return from Las Vegas, we'd had a brief shower, and then collapsed into bed. Katie had got ready almost as quickly as me, and all we had on our mind was getting to the pub and sitting down to some drinks.
Katie had a difficult shot to play, the white was right down at the far end of the seven foot table. In order to play the shot she had to use the rest, and also had to lean right over the table. This had the effect of lifting up her white t-shirt.
From this angle I could just make out flashes of her braless breasts as she aimed the cue. This might have been an issue, as Neil had the same view. But it wasn't the main problem.
Neil, Paul and Callum were all looking at Katie, each sporting the same astonished expression. As clear as day, emblazoned across my wife's back, and untouched from the brief shower she'd taken earlier, was Francesca Bella's trademark tattoo:
'Puttana'.