The night of the Benefactor's Dinner had arrived and Jennifer was busy preparing for it. After bathing and meticulously shaving her long legs, she inserted the lubricating suppositories in her anus. The Headmaster had given her them with instructions on their use. He had fingered her asshole and brought her to orgasm, much the same way Mr. Lewis had done.
The Headmaster had instructed her on methods necessary to relax her anal muscles to allow the insertion of Mr. Lewis' large cock. Jennifer was anxious, but excited by her thoughts. Finally she would feel the pleasure of a man's cock penetrating her, even if it was up her ass. What caused the most anxiety was the fact that she would have to perform before twenty or thirty strangers, completely exposing her body to them.
The Headmaster, various faculty and the twenty-four benefactors of St. Ciels had gathered in the dining room. The benefactors were all very wealthy individuals who had contributed mightily to St. Ciels. Of the twenty-four, six were alumnae of the all girls institution. They were women who had used their considerable academic and sexual prowess to become highly successful. Two of them were former stars of this very night when they were seniors.
Many of the men were the husbands of alumnae, contributing large sums of money to St. Ciels in appreciation of the skills their wives had learned during their senior year. All were eagerly awaiting the beginning of the festivities. The men were all dressed in suits and the women were all elegantly slutty in attire. After imbibing and partaking in the rich food, a call was made by the Headmaster for all to enter the next room. All the guests quickly heeded the call.
In the middle of the large room was a desk with a large leather chair behind it and two smaller leather chairs in front of it. To the left of the desk was a device which resembled the mechanical horses one used to see in country-western bars of the eighties. It sloped downward so that if someone were mounted on it and placed her feet in the stirrups, her rear end would be elevated and exposed. The device was mounted on an elevated circular platform. As the guests were milling about the room the Headmaster went to the center and stood by the desk.
"Ladies and gentlemen," he began, "I would now like to introduce Ms. Jennifer Van Wiggen." With that Jennifer was led into the room by her mentor, Prof. Gilbert. When she walked in a hush descended on the room as all eyes focused on her nakedness.
Jennifer wore a very short pink nylon robe that, because it was diaphanous, hid none of her charms. The only other piece of clothing was a pair of open toe sandals with three inch heels that served to accentuate her considerable legs. Her pink nipples were hard and clearly visible through the robe as her firm pear shaped breasts bobbled slightly as she walked. The dark blonde curls of her full bush were also visible, and as she walked her labia would occasionally make their appearance through the curls. Her long blonde hair was perfectly straight as it hung down to her shoulders. The loose folds of the robe ended about an inch past her mound and made her firm thighs seem ever so sexy. From the rear the folds hung loosely on her round shapely buttocks. If there were any men in the audience who were not hard before Jennifer entered the room, her appearance remedied that.
Jennifer felt a strange mixture of sexual arousal and schoolgirl shyness. She had never been exposed before so many people before. In fact her prior experiences had usually been with only one or two men and that also with most of her clothing on. She had never before been completely nude. She looked around the room at the assembled guests and noticed how all eyes were on her. Prof. Gilbert led her over to a group of the guests and made some introductions. Jennifer was too nervous to remember any names, but the comments registered on her. "What incredible tits you have young lady. May I feel them?"
Jennifer knew what was expected of her during this phase of the evenings festivities. "Why of course you may sir. " And with that she felt the man's hand caressing her breasts and then pinching her nipples through the robe. Jennifer held her breath as she became aware of the longing between her thighs.
"John, don't hog this lovely young lady, we all want to meet her before the show begins. " With that she was led to another group of patrons. "You have such a lovely hairy mound, I just love hairy pussies on beautiful young ladies such as yourself. "
And without asking the man put the palm of his hand on Jennifer's mound, cupping it. Jennifer allowed her thighs to part slightly to accommodate his hand. The man turned to his female companion and remarked on how he could feel the heat emanating from Jennifer's pussy. Jennifer began to slowly move her hips back and forth on the man's hand. She was truly beginning to appreciate what an exhibitionist she had become. Then the man asked her a question, "Tell me Jennifer how old were you when you first realized you had such a luxurious mound of pubic curls?"
Jennifer smiled, "About fifteen sir. "
"And do you like the feel of it when you play with yourself?" This caught her off guard as she blushed. Actually she did like the way her hairy mound felt when she touched herself and the way her labia hung loosely in her curls. Without waiting for an answer the man let his index finger glide through her lips and come to rest on her hard clit. Jennifer gasped as her excitement threatened to overwhelm her. She heard a female voice exclaim, "Look how hot she is, look how she's moving her hips back and forth on John's hand. " Another voice, "She's a hot young lady, God I wish I were the one to fuck that ass. "
It was with that remark that Jennifer felt a hand on her ass for the first time. She turned to see a very handsome man of about thirty smiling back at her as he let his hand roam over the curves of her backside. The woman with him spoke, "Stick your finger up her ass, feel how tight her virgin anus is. She's never had a cock in it. Do you remember how tight mine was before you took me in the ass?"
As she rocked back and forth on the finger over her clit, she impaled her self on the finger of the handsome man behind her. The lubricating suppositories had made the insertion of a finger in her asshole an easy thing to accomplish. It slid in as if it were her wet open pussy. "You're right dear she is very tight back here. How will she ever take that enormous penis of Mr. Lewis in this tight little asshole?"
"Don't worry dear, it will fit when the time comes. You never had any trouble getting into my tight asshole, did you?" They both smiled at each other as Jennifer continued to rock back and forth getting her clit rubbed and her ass fingered at the same time. Prof. Gilbert recognized the early warning signs of Jennifer's impending orgasm,however it was too early in the evening to allow that to happen. He gently led her over to another group of guests, Jennifer sucking in her breath loudly as the two fingers disengaged.
She was introduced to an Asian man and woman. Mr. and Mrs. Yamamoto. Both appeared to be in their sixties, although the lady was still very beautiful. With out saying a word Mr. Yamamoto knelt down in front of Jennifer and began to caress her firm thighs just below the hem of her short robe. His eyes stared into her pubic mound as he gently rubbed her thighs. He stared as he spoke, "Such legs, so long and shapely. Your legs excite me young lady. They must look beautiful in stockings.
" Then he leaned forward and began to sniff at her pussy mound. "Oh god, so wet, I can smell your excitement. " Then he looked up at her and asked, "You can't wait for Mr. Lewis to fuck you, can you?" Jennifer groaned out her answer from somewhere deep in her throat, "Yes, sir. " More than anything Jennifer wanted to cum. She was so hot, so turned on from the physical stimulation and most of all from the mental stimulation of exhibiting her body in such an open and slutty way. Seeing all these people admiring her charms so lustily had turned her on in way she had never experienced. Mr. Yamamoto turned to Prof. Gilbert and asked, "May I taste her?"
Prof. Gilbert gave his assent and the asian gentleman slowly raised the hem of her robe as his hands slid up her thighs. He leaned into her crotch, allowing his nose to enter the thicket of her pubic hair. He paused at this point and inhaled deeply of her womanly musk. Jennifer spread her legs as much as she could without losing her balance. A crowd had gathered to watch this moment which served to intensify Jennifer's lust even more. Mr. Yamamoto then stuck his tongue into her crotch letting it land on Jennifer's engorged clitoris. She let out a rather loud moan, much to the delight of the crowd.
Then he licked her pussy, slowly letting his tongue descend through her lips until he could get the tip into her pussy hole. Repeating the process in reverse, scooping up her wetness with his tongue and swallowing it. He did this a few more times as Jennifer lewdly bucked her open crotch against his face in an attempt to cum. Prof. Gilbert pulled her away from the man licking her pussy and she looked at him with disappointment in her eyes.
"She tastes delicious, a very womanly cunt in such a young girl. And her musky scent will harden any cock. " Mr. Yamamoto received a small round of applause from the crowd after his pronouncement. His wife began to lick Jennifer's juices from her husband's mouth.
Then Prof. Gilbert spoke, "Jennifer I think these good people would appreciate an intimate look at your pussy. Why don't you lie down here and spread those luscious legs for everyone. " With that he led her over to the desk in the center of the room and helped her lie on her back. Jennifer looked around the room at the crowd that was jostling for position to view her most intimate treasures. She made herself comfortable on the desk and slowly spread her legs while lifting them up at he same time, until she was completely open. The ooos and ahs from the crowd reverberated through the room. Jennifer held her legs open with her hands as she exhibited her wet pussy to the guests.
"Look at that cunt. "
"Those lips are so suckable. "
"She's beautiful. "
"Can you have her spread her lips?" That request was honored as Jennifer reached down to her crotch and parted her long lips displaying her wet pink center. She saw the lust in the eyes of those around her as they stared at her pussy. It then became apparent that many of the crowd were satisfying their excitement as they stared at this beautiful young girl spread before them. One couple was actually fucking, the woman bent over, her long dress up at her waist as her man took her from behind. All the while he stared at Jennifer's open cunt as he fucked in and out of his wife's pussy. The Headmaster then approached Jennifer's open pussy.
"I will now allow you to witness how this beautiful young lady cums. She has never been eaten before this evening and so all of you are in for a treat. Feel free to satisfy your own urges and for the gentlemen present, Ms. Van Wiggen would be more than pleased were you to discharge some of your loads upon her fine young body. " The Headmaster took one of the smaller chairs from the front of the desk and sat directly in front of Jennifer's open charms. One of the women came over and knelt in front of him, taking his erect cock out of his pants. As she began to lick his penis he leaned over and spread Jennifer's ass cheeks, then he stuck his tongue into her ass.
Jennifer had taken off her nylon robe, only her high heels remained. She held her legs open at the knees and she looked around at all the cocks now being stroked and sucked. She noticed how just about all the men near her were staring at her nakedness while they were being stroked or sucked. Then she closed her eyes as for the first time she felt a man's tongue rasp through her nether lips and stroke her erect clitoris. It was more intense than she could have imagined. The Headmaster was attacking her pussy with his tongue, licking and tasting her. Sometimes he would stop and let his tongue vibrate over her clit or inside her hole. Then he would descend to her anus licking and sucking on it, inserting his tongue in as far as he could. Jennifer was writhing on the desk, moaning and groaning, sucking in air and humping her pelvis up to meet the thrusts of the headmaster's tongue. She was without inhibition, in fact the audience emboldened her, stoking her arousal.
The first guest to come shot his load on her left leg, his cum dripping down her thigh as she continued to reach for her own release. Then another man came, this time shooting his stuff on to her tits. Soon men were shooting off by the twos and threes, many hitting Jennifer, some shooting to the floor, some in the mouths of the women blowing them. Jennifer watched as one man was led over to her by the women who was stoking his cock. She positioned her man by Jennifer's face and gasped as he shot stream after stream of hot semen on her face.
The Headmaster was now fingering Jennifer's anus as he let the thick part of his tongue slather her pussy with his saliva. Then he centered his tongue on her clit and Jennifer began to explode. Her body tensed and then began to convulse on the desk, the muscles in her stomach were visibly contracting as she raised herself at the waist and let out a deep grunting low-pitched scream. Her tight asshole gripped the Headmaster's finger as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her body. Many in the crowd experienced their own pleasure from watching this beautiful eighteen year old cum with such intensity. Many more volleys of sperm were shot in the direction of Jennifer, some landing on the target and many missing their mark.
Jennifer's orgasm seemed to last forever as she kept coming and coming. She had never experienced anything so intense in her young life. The combination of exposing herself to so many strangers and her first experience with cunnilingus had left her completely drained. She lay back on the desk slowly recovering from the intensity of her orgasm. She began to become aware of where she was again. "Look at how swollen her clit is. "
"Her asshole is open, it's ready to be fucked. " The voices from the crowd began to register again as she returned to normal.
The Headmaster stood up, looked at the crowd and made an announcement. "Ladies and gentleman, please step back and allow Ms. Van Wiggin to leave so that she may clean herself up and dress for the show with Mr. Lewis. As you all know Ms. Van Wiggin will be playing the part of a young college coed who has been caught cheating by her rather perverse professor. She will, of course, do anything to keep from being expelled from the prestigious university she has worked so hard to get into. That will include violating her most closely held religious beliefs as well as her virginal asshole. "
The crowd stared longingly at Jennifer's swollen, wet pussy as she put her legs down and climbed off the desk. She picked up her nylon robe and without putting it on was led by Prof. Gilbert toward the door. Her nipples were still hard and distended and semen slid down her legs and chest. She walked proudly to the door, her round ass shifting sexily as she made her exit. She hurried to dress as she now felt renewed arousal at the thought of finally being fucked.