Once again, many thanks to my editor-in-chief, Gary, for his corrections and suggestions.
*
Gloria lay on top of me, breathing hard, another sob held back. I just held her, stroking her hair, stroking her back. Gradually her breathing returned to normal; she sat up and rolled off, saying she needed to clean up. She left a lake of cum and semen on my pelvis; I got up and followed her into the bathroom. She turned on the faucet in the bath and squatted, I used the sink to clean myself, returning to the bed to wait.
She looked at me with a touch of hesitation, obviously not knowing what I was thinking. Lying down beside me, she snuggled into my arm which I wrapped around her, hopefully in a welcoming move. She didn't say anything, nor did I. I could feel her start to speak then stop, then again; finally she spoke.
"You must think I'm a pervert or something."
I stroked her back, cuddling her for a moment. "No, you're not a pervert."
"I can't stop it. I've told myself it's wrong, she's my daughter for God's sake. Just so you know, I've never doneanythingsexual with her or with any other woman for that matter. I like you; I like sex. You've shown me there's so much more than I ever knew. It's just that I feel so -- perverted, doing all these things that have always been, you know, forbidden?"
"You know when I told you my fantasy? About being sucked on everywhere?" I nodded. "I've had that fantasy for years. But what I didn't tell you before, ever since I saw them through the window... somehow, no matter how I try to think about something else it always comes back to...." She lay quietly for a while, leaving the sentence unfinished. I understood; it always came back to Melissa going down on her.
"Are you disgusted with me or something?"
"Why would you say that?" I answered. "It turned me on too."
"But, Melissa? My daughter? You don't think that's perverted?"
"Tell me," I answered, "why do you think that's perverted? Is it that you're fantasizing about your daughter or that you're fantasizing about a woman?"
"You don't think incest is wrong?" she asked, puzzled. I lay there silently for a minute, thinking about how to answer.
"Look, I'm not one to say it is right or it is wrong. That's a moral judgment, which means someone else is tellingyouhow to think. Someone else is putting their right, or their wrong, on you. Physically, human beings are sexual in nature -- every other animal is capable of having sex with a relative, and commonly do. Man has decided that sex with close relatives is wrong, and we teach it and preach it. But the reality is, it's always been there. Hell -- the European monarchies were famous for having incestuous marriages -- it's how they kept their claim to being God's chosen ones. And the price they paid was with birth defects; continuous inbreeding does that. Doesn't matter whether it's dogs or parakeets or humans, if we don't mix up the gene pool we reinforce the bad things.
But family members being attracted to each other? How many times have you heard about brothers or sisters experimenting together, finding out what it's like to have a penis, or not have a penis? What do we mean when we say that word, 'Experimenting'? How about brothers peeping on sisters? Sisters peeping on their brothers? Sons peeping on their mothers or daughters peeping on their fathers? Masturbating in front of brothers or sisters, or masturbating together? My first "experimenting" was with my cousin; she taught me where the female body parts are and gave me my first hand job. Is that so much different than if it was a sister?
Look, you can't get Melissa pregnant, she's an adult female, she's doesn't seem averse to at least touching you intimately - and shaving your pubic hair is damn near as intimate as you can get. Seems to me you're indicating you're more than just a little curious about what it would be like to be with a woman and what woman would you be more familiar with than yourself or a close facsimile of yourself? Her voice certainly sounds like yours." I stopped but she didn't say anything.
"Do you think she knows?"
"I don't know, I... I think she might."
"Why?"
"When she shaved my heart for me... I kept trying to think of other things... but she was touching me, and I kept thinking "what am I going to do if she goes down on me like Barb?" And she touched me, making sure I was smooth... and I was thinking "I want her to go down on me," and then she said she thought it looked good; and after she left, I looked in the mirror, my nipples were hard, and my pussy was wet, she'd been touching me and I knew she had to have seen. I barely touched myself and I came. If she'd touched me, I'd have cum... She didn't say anything, but I think she knew."
"Umm," I acknowledged. She suddenly rolled off the bed, retrieved her purse and pulled out her wallet. She opened it up, thumbed through it and pulled out some pictures. She handed me one.
"This was me, my Senior Prom." I looked and handed it back.
"Very cute."
"This was the Christmas Dance my senior year." She handed me the second photo.
"Very nice. Your hair was a little different. You were quite pretty, even then." I handed it back to her; she put the two side by side and handed them back to me.
"The one in the blue dress is really Melissa; the other really is me at my senior prom." I took the two pictures again, really studied them, and could barely tell them apart. The two girls in the picture, if not the same girl, could almost be twins. The biggest difference, I realized after a bit, was that one picture was physically much older than the other.
"You really are a lot alike. I knew you sounded alike, but I had no clue." She put the pics and purse back, returning to the bed and climbing back on top of me.
"You really don't think I'm perverted, that there's something wrong with me?"
"I think..." I paused, really thinking about what I was going to say, "I think you are a beautiful woman... that has been ... shall we say, "sexually repressed?" You're only now experimenting with things that your college age daughter has probably already done, has been doing, for quite some time. No, I don't think you're perverted."
She rolled her head a bit, looking at me, thinking. Suddenly leaning forward she kissed me, her hand reaching for my flaccid cock. "God you make me so horny. What is it about you? I just want you to do me and then when we're done I want you to do me again."
"Is it me?" I questioned, "Or is it that you've found there's more to sex than having your partner roll off and start snoring?" I sat up, reached for her hand. "Come on, let's go swimming."
We spent the next several hours back and forth; swimming, a little sun, back to the room, swimming again. We didn't see Mary again until about the time afternoon snacks were set out when she walked up, this time accompanied by a ruggedly good looking man. Physically fit, he obviously worked out often. His muscles rippled, his stomach showed no signs of a beer belly, but the most obvious feature of Steve was that he was bald from head to toe. I realized he hadn't shaved his arm pits, but his head as well as his pubic region and chest were completely hairless. His cock was distended, not engorged, but looked surprisingly thick compared to myself. Mary looked awesome, her breasts standing proudly on her chest. We all took another dip to cool off, Mary telling us the dinner plans were for a dinner theatre where there was supposedly a good old-fashioned western melodrama.
Gloria surprised me when we started getting dressed for dinner when she helped pick out my clothes. I laughed, telling her that Debs had always done the same. Having worked out in the field most of my life, dressed up to me has always been a clean pair of Levi's. Gloria was in agreement with Debs on that respect -- that wasn't dressy enough for her. Luckily I did have a few nicer things along, which I put on while Gloria retreated to the bathroom.
When she came back out, I realized why she'd insisted on some dressier clothes.
Gloria lookedhot!She had on a little black dress with bare shoulders and spaghetti straps. It was a form fitting silky number cut low across her breasts, leaving most of them exposed. A circular cut out was between her breasts, with a bit of elastic to keep it from gaping open too much. Two little buds were visible that were her nipples, the low cut top barely covering her areolas. The length was well above the knee, so much so that any bending or sitting would have to be done very carefully or she'd be exposing herself.
My "Wow" elicited a grin from her.
"Well? Do you like?"
"Absolutely." I responded, I'm sure with my tongue hanging out. "Turn around?" She did.
The back side was just as nice as the front, the form fitting silky material clinging to the sweet curve of her delectable ass, not a single panty line visible.
"Wow." I said again, shaking my head in awe. I pulled her to me, she melted into my arms, and we kissed. My hands roamed her body, finding a bare behind beneath the satin - although I also felt the straps from her thong which just hadn't been visible. The dress rose up easily to my pull, her smooth naked bottom filling my hands as I held her against me, my cock expanding between us. I pulled my hand out from under the dress; running it up her side and cupping her breast, feeling her nipple harden even more to my touch. She forced herself away from the kiss.
"Stop it or I'm going to have to change panties."
I held her out at arm's length, my eyes running up and down her body. "My god, where did you get a dress like that?"
"Melissa of course." She released my hands, reaching up to tug the top a bit higher on her breasts. It barely moved, but smoothed the material over her extremely prominent nipples. Reaching again for my hand, she said "Come on, before we decide to stay."
As we headed out to the lobby where we were to meet Steve and Mary, I asked her if we were appropriately dressed. She told me Mary had clued her in at the pool earlier to make sure she had something sexy as she and Steve had the evening all planned out.
Mary came into the lobby and again my mouth dropped open. She was dressed to the nines in a shimmery blue dress that seemed to be barely there. Whereas Gloria's little number had a cut out between the breasts, Mary's was totally open with a dip extending well below her breasts. Slightly longer than Gloria's black number, it clung to her bottom, accentuating that secondary asset. Her nipples were barely covered and erect, protruding tightly against the fabric. I'd admired her naked breasts earlier in the day, but her nipples had not been erect; I presumed now she must be equally as aroused as Gloria was. A small gold chain crossed the chasm between them, apparently attached to the inside of her dress and obviously designed to attract attention if the bare skin of the insides of her breasts themselves wasn't enough.
Steve pulled up out front with the car, I escorted the girls out and we joined him. I helped Gloria in, she tried to demurely slide in, but wasn't able to keep the dress low enough to prevent me or anyone else that would be in position from getting a flash of her black lacy thong or a touch of a bare bottom. She wiggled her dress down as far as she could and then glanced back guiltily at me. I smiled and raised my eyebrows in response. Her blush told me she knew what I'd seen.
From the time we entered the front door, we were part of the evening show. Everyone working the theatre was involved. The "Sheriff" greeted everyone, checking out with his banter how the audience would play along. "Howdy Pardners. Welcome to Hooterville! Step right up and see the little lady at the counter. She's one of Miss Nellie's girls from upstairs at the saloon, so if you like what you see, next time yer in town alone...."
His innuendos were totally in character, but like any full blooded male he did a little leering at Mary and Gloria, Mary in particular as it looked to me like she was practically falling out of her top. "Ya'll got any weapons to check? Pistols? Knives? Anything sharp that might poke an eye out?" With that he obviously looked at Mary, and not at her face. "Y'all know you're required to inform the sheriff when ya come into town with any weapons, and if we suspect you might be carrying we'd have to do a whole body search." With that he slid right in between Steve and Mary, putting his arm around her waist. "Yer not carrying nothing dangerous now are you?"
Mary laughed in response. "What makes me think you'd like to do a search whether I'm carrying anything or not?" He grinned and we were taken to our seats by another girl who also took our drink orders. She, like the girl at the front desk, was well endowed and dressed in an old fashioned, form flattering, barmaid outfit. The drinks came, along with appetizers, which kept us occupied until the theatre was full and the show began.
"Ladies and Gentlemen," the Sheriff/MC began, "Welcome to Hooterville and our annual fundraiser to protect and display those magnificent specimens that our fair town has been named after. Those all natural attractions that have received worldwide attention and acclaim by all MAN-kind and are of such natural size and beauty that all over the world people have been replacing natural ones with artificially large ones to imitate those natural beauties found right here in Hooterville. So much so that naturally large Hooters like we have in these parts are becoming an endangered species, requiring us to put every effort into preserving them for all the world to see."
While he was running on with the double entendre shtick, one of the barmaids was wandering towards the stage from the far side of the room with a man from the audience. The room was essentially divided by the stage and an entrance hallway. About the time they reached the stage, another barmaid approached us, stooped and whispered something to Mary, who stood and began following her to the stage.
"And of course, everyone knows that our Hooters are being endangered primarily because of the destruction of their natural habitat by the encroachment of the big city way of life, which has been demolishing the barns where our Hooterville Hoot Owls naturally live, and replacing them with city slicker houses where natural Hooters just don't stand a chance of surviving." Despite the second rate humor, we all found ourselves laughing at his spiel.
"Now in keeping with the spirit of fun that we've got in our show for y'all here tonight, we've got a little contest going for ya. We're going to split the town into two halves right down the middle here, and you all over on this side (he indicated the side away from us, turning toward the man that had been led up to the stage by the barmaid) will be represented by this cowpoke."
The sheriff turned to the young man who was now standing on the stage beside him, while he was standing on the floor, about a foot below. "Now Y'all" he waved his hand toward that side of the room, "are going to be the cows, and whenever you hear this signal throughout the evening, y'all are going to respond with a loud "MOOO"." He had them give it a try, giving the signal, saying it wasn't good enough, then trying it again.
In the meantime Mary had followed the barmaid, and was standing in approximately the same location as the young man, only on the near side of the stage. When the Sheriff decided the far side of the room had their "Moo" down, he began to turn toward our side of the room. "Now y'all over here..." was all he got before he came face to face with Mary's bosom. With her standing on the stage, him on the floor, her boobs were at exactly his eye level and only 6 inches away. His spiel immediately came to an end, his next words being "Oh, My."
The entire place erupted in laughter, he turned around to compose himself, looking sheepishly at the audience, shaking his head then turning back to her. "And this young lady..." He looked up at her face, but as he put his hand out to indicate Mary, his eyes dropped once again to her nicely displayed chest and he once again came to a loss for words.
Looking back at her face he said, "I'm really trying. Really I am, but for some reason it's awful hard." He looked toward our side of the room, got a big silly grin on his face, looked back at Mary and pulled her to him, his face buried directly between her tits. He pulled his face away from her breasts, looked back at our side of the room and said "Oh. My. God!" then put his face back between them one more time. The laughter was uproarious; Mary had a big grin on her face.
He pulled away, turned away from Mary and waited for the laughter to die down again. When it had he turned back to her and said, "You were supposed to check yer weapons at the counter, you really could put an eye out with those things."
The laughter died down eventually, we found that our side was the "pigs" to which we had to let out an "Oink" whenever the signal was given. We tried it a couple of times, spurred on by him when we didn't "oink" loud enough, and then he announced a contest to see which side was more into the spirit of the evening. On signal, we all "oinked" and "mooed" after which he decided that our side of the room had won the contest. As a reward, he presented Mary with a bottle of wine for our table -- after which he asked for a hug in appreciation. She gave him a hug, and he took it just that one step further and buried his face once again between Mary's tits, glancing up at the audience afterward with a big leering grin on his face. The audience howled in another round of laughter as the other man headed off stage back to his seat.
Pulling back slightly from Mary he looked up and said "You know you remind me of a car's windshield wipers?" and with that he swung his face from one breast to the other making smacking sounds, actually kissing them at least once although it was mostly pantomime. The laughter and applause again rolled through the room, but as it died down, a lone voice hollered out from the other side of the room "Hey! It was a rigged contest. We were playing against a "stacked" deck."
The laughter this time was the loudest of all, causing the Sheriff and the rest of the cast to break out in laughter with all the audience. When the laughter had calmed down once again, the Sheriff, who had climbed up onto the stage, shielded his eyes from the spotlights and peered into the other side of the room. "Who said that? That's not fair when your lines are better than ours, we're supposed to have the funny lines!"
Of course, the good guys won, the bad guys got booed, and the all-natural Hooters of Hooterville were saved for all "man-kind" to enjoy. The dinner theatre turned out to be just good entertainment. The food was outstanding - the entire dinner actually quite excellent. The barmaids that served it were well endowed, scantily clad, and unafraid to play the role of the bawdy ladies they portrayed. Although the acting certainly was not academy award material, we all had a great time. The bottle of wine we "won" ended up being just one of several that came our way before the evening ended.
Back in the car, Mary said "Well, where to now? You guys up for more?"
"Absolutely!" Gloria responded instantly, and then laughing said "You know any other place where the Sheriff can stick his face in your boobs?" I caught a glance from Mary to Steve, wondered what they had in mind as she answered that they knew just the place.
I wasn't paying too much attention to where we were going, but when we pulled into the parking lot and I spotted the sign that said "Showgirls -- Exotic Dancing," I suddenly understood the knowing look between them. As Steve pulled into a parking place, Mary turned to Gloria and me. "You guys ok with a littlesexyfun?"
I raised my eyebrows at her with a grin in response, then looked over at Gloria. She hadn't been paying attention to where we were, seemed a little confused about what she meant, so I leaned over and whispered to her that it was "a topless bar - a titty bar." Her eyes got wide in response, a slight flush appearing to her face, before she hesitantly answered affirmatively, that is -- she would if everyone else wanted to. We got out of the car, Gloria immediately grabbed my arm, holding me back as Steve and Mary walked just a bit ahead.
"Oh my god -- I've never done anything - been anywhere like this."
"Don't worry," I whispered back, "Just go with the flow -- all you have to do is sit and have a drink."
Inside, eyes from all over the room shifted to us as elbow after elbow was poked into adjacent ribs and heads nodded, pointing out the two good looking women that had just entered the showroom. We were escorted to a table just off the stage by a long legged high heeled brunette beauty whose legs went clear up to her stretch briefs. Steve and I were apparently just "men," she barely gave us another look, but obviously appraised both Mary and Gloria before taking our drink orders. Another nearly naked showgirl was doing her thing on the stage entertaining anyone that wanted to put out a dollar. Gloria still had a grip on my arm; she hadn't relinquished it since the parking lot. Our drinks came, and finally she eased the grip on my arm to take her drink.
Up front the dancer was now walking around naked, picking up the money lying in front of the guys seated around the stage, obviously done with her part, but letting them leer for a few seconds more. She stooped down and said something to everyone that had money on the stage, sort of holding her clothes in front of her as she did so as if she was being modest, then headed back stage after she'd circuited the entire stage. She reappeared at floor level from the dressing room door, with her clothes back on, a few moments later. Working the crowd around the stage, apparently asking if anyone would like a private dance, she eventually found a taker. She took him by the hand, wandering over to the darker side of the room where booths and chairs were set up.
It didn't take long and we found the routine was this: a girl came on stage, danced one dance with her clothes on using the pole, showing off her athleticism, and sometimes even some actual dancing ability. Once the first song was done, she'd work in a short strip routine in her second dance that eliminated her top, leaving her clothed in just some lacy panties, boy shorts, or sometimes just a thong. She'd perform yet a third dance, although this time she paid lots of attention to the men offering bills for a close up dance and pretty much abandoning the pole. During her last dance, off would come the thong or panties and up came the more explicit display of her body; doing the splits, bending over backwards, her legs splayed open in front of whoever happened to be sitting in front of her, displaying her pussy for all to see. And of course, the more money that came out, the more she danced directly in front of a position, the closer was the view they got.
After her trifecta, she'd step backstage, get dressed, then come back and work the crowd to see if anyone had the desire to pay more for a personal dance. As the dancer left the stage, the MC would be on the loudspeaker telling us to give a big hand to some obvious stage name who would turn out to be one of the numerous waitresses, and the next dancer, each waitress eventually taking a turn.
Steve had leaned over a time or two and spoken to Mary. I could see them checking out the different girls. I saw him following a little Filipina waitress with his eyes, and after several dancers had come and gone, when she appeared on stage as the next dancer, he pulled out his wallet, pulled some bills out and headed for the stage himself.
He waited until the second dance when the gal was topless, then folded a bill in half and stuck it between his teeth. He just stood beside the stage while she made her rounds, but as soon as she got in front of him he leaned forward to have her take the bill from his mouth. Leaning down, she put her hands up, pushed her small boobs together to pinch the bill between them, momentarily rubbing her tits on his face as she did. She took the bill, tucked it into the string of her thong, then turned around gyrating her naked bottom in his face. His hands were folded behind his back while all this went on, which elicited a question about "Why?" from Gloria.
"You're not allowed to touch the girls with your hands while they're dancing," I told Gloria in answer to her question. "Put your hands behind your back and there's no way you can be accused of touching which will get you a rapid invitation to leave."
"So she can rub her boobs in your face," which the girl had obviously done while taking the offered bill from Steve's mouth, "but you can't touch her?"
"Not supposed to touch, or lick, or kiss the girls. It's the law." She looked at me, then shook her head. "Stupid laws, huh?" She nodded in response.
Steve stayed up front through the second dance, pulling another bill out and putting it on the stage at the beginning of the third dance. This time totally naked, she displayed not just her naked ass but naked pussy to Steve; doing the splits in front of him, leaning backward into a four legged hand walk that opened her pussy slightly and then flipped over again and wiggled her bare butt backwards in his face. Each time after she moved on, taking the bill with her, Steve pulled out another to put in its place. Afterward, Steve returned to his seat with a grin on his face, bending down and kissing Mary just before taking his seat and picking up his beer.
The next girl on stage turned out to be the long legged one that had seated us. About the end of the first dance, I saw Mary turn to Steve and say something. Steve pulled out his wallet again, fishing some more bills out and handing them to Mary who headed up to the stage herself. She did the same as Steve had, holding a bill between her teeth.
When the dancer got to Mary, the same routine happened, except that after she'd pulled the bill from Mary's mouth with her boobs, she bent down and said something to Mary, then moved on around the stage. I saw Mary take another bill, and this time instead of putting it in her teeth, she began fiddling with it between her breasts. After she got it affixed, she turned back toward us, showing that it was hooked over her gold chain.
The entire room was paying as much attention to Mary as to the dancer on stage. It took a short time, but when she got back to Mary she again bent down and said something, but Mary shook her head with a puzzled look, not hearing exactly what she'd said. The girl on stage indicated with her hands for Mary to separate her top, exposing her own breasts. Unsurprisingly, Mary didn't even hesitate.
The hoots and whistles from the crowd were instantaneous. From where I was sitting, it was obvious that as I'd earlier suspected, there was very little keeping Mary's breasts from popping right out of her top. She hooked her fingers, and instantly her beauties were out for all the world to see.
I couldn't tell why, but her nipples were totally erect. Somehow the chain was attached in some indiscernible fashion. When she leaned forward this time, the dancer leaned down and took the bill from the chain with her teeth, but not before she'd brushed her lips across Mary's nipples. The crowd was now almost continuously hooting and hollering and applauding, but eventually the song came to an end, as did the dancer's time on stage. Mary stood up, waved to all the guys around the stage, which elicited another round of hooting and applause, then she calmly popped her girls back into her dress and returned to our table.
"That was fun," she pronounced as she slid back into her seat and reached for her beer. "You going for it, Gloria?" Gloria's hand was back resting on my arm; I could feel the slight increase in tension that said she wasn't quite ready for something so brazen.
"I don't know if I'm ready for that," she answered.
"Sure you are. You've got gorgeous girls, go show 'em off."
Gloria looked at me, I put my hand on hers and squeezed it in reassurance. Leaning in to her ear I whispered, "Don't do anything you don't want to do."
As I was whispering, I caught a motion in the corner of my eye, and looked up just in time to see the girl from on stage approaching. A nearly see through camisole top constrained two natural breasts, but did nothing to hide the shadow of her nipples. Her midriff was bare, a single, tasteful diamond, or more likely cubic zirconium fake diamond, decorated her belly. Dressed in business attire and heels she'd have been a sexual harassment lawsuit waiting to happen. Dressed in nothing but a smile and heels she'd been a showstopper. She'd bypassed the men around the stage, coming directly to where Mary was seated. She smiled, "That was fun. I don't get too many girls in here to play."
"It was!" Mary answered, "and my girls love to play. Can we play some more?"
"I was hoping you'd ask. Let me do my rounds, I'll be right back." She headed back to the stage, her tight but nicely rounded bottom encased in boy shorts on top of two long athletic legs keeping my attention as she moved away. She stopped numerous times, personally thanking all the horny guys that had dropped money for her to display her gorgeous body, before returning to our table a couple of minutes later.
Mary stood and started after her, but when we didn't move she turned and just said "Coming?"
I took Gloria's hand and stood along with Steve. I stepped around Mary's chair, right next to Steve who put his hand on my arm and said "She likes to be watched. If you guys are uncomfortable...."
"No worries," I leaned into his ear to be heard over the noise and music. "Gloria's got fantasies, she just hasn't turned 'em loose yet."
We followed Mary to the side of the room where there were loose chairs and our dancer was arranging them in a little nook. With the high backs facing out she effectively made a barrier to on-looking eyes -- at least to anyone that wasn't on the raised platform with us. Gloria was just ahead of me and sank into the chair furthest from Mary. Steve went just beyond and I took the chair between Mary and Gloria.
"I'm Brittany," our dancer introduced herself, sticking out her hand to Steve who gave his name and she continued around the circle to each of us in turn. "Mary's my playmate for now but I'll play with the rest of you a little too, unless you want someone else to join us?"
"Give us some time," I answered, "we might want someone to join us in a little bit." I glanced at Gloria as I said this, her eyes got bigger and her hand gripped mine a bit tighter. I could feel the clamminess of her grip but also noticed her nipples were really hard.
"Ok, so here's the rules. Officially you can't touch me, but as long as no one out there can see and we've got a pretty good box here with all the chairs, well -- I like to play too. I can touch you outside your clothes, or anywhere that's exposed, but I can't take your clothes off. If I see someone coming that will disturb us I'll just say 'Boss' and it would be best if nothing below the waist is showing.'
She began to dance in front of Mary, leaning onto the arms of her chair and said, "I want to see those babies again." Mary smiled, reached up to her top, slid her fingers down both sides of the cleft, popping them free once more.
Sitting beside her as I was, I was able to see for the first time that the gold chain was attached to her nipples. An elastic loop was around them, simultaneously keeping her nipples erect and giving an attachment point for the chain that spanned between her breasts. Brittany almost immediately straddled Mary's legs and peeled her own top, exposing the female flesh and nipples that had only been slightly hidden by her camisole. Her medium sized breasts were obviously all natural; her erect nipples rested on the upper side of her breasts giving them a distinctly perky look. Her skin was flawless, the perfect tan unmarred by bikini marks. She leaned in, dragging her own rock hard nipples back and forth across Mary's chest, making an effort to have her nipples rub on Mary's nipples. Mary slid her hands forward, at first putting them on the back of Brittany's thighs before gradually sliding them upward to cup her ass. Brittany pulled back a little, slid her hands up to her own breasts, cupping them, flicking her nipples with her thumbs, before suddenly sliding off Mary's lap and spinning sideways to dance in front of Steve.
She started out facing backwards, bending over, showing her tightly covered bottom to Steve. She ran her hand backward between her legs, splaying her fingers over her bottom and then slowly ran her hand back between her legs as she backed up closer and closer to Steve's face. She blatantly caressed herself once before turning and straddling Steve just as she had Mary. I saw her take a quick glance over the back of the chair at the rest of the bar, then she leaned forward until Steve's face was directly between her tits. Taking her hands she put them on the sides of her breasts pushing them together against his face. Steve turned his head just slightly; she didn't draw back as his lips brushed her nipple. Instead she turned sideways the other way until his lips found her opposite nipple, after which she slipped off him and changed positions in front of me.
I grinned up at her as she repeated the same act with me. When she brushed her nipple across my lips, I slid my hands onto her ass, my fingers sliding up under her briefs, holding her against me. "Naughty, Naughty," she said with a grin, then slid backwards, off my legs and moved sideways again to Gloria.
Gloria was sitting still, almost looking petrified. There was a slight flush to her face, yet her eyes never left Brittany.
Brittany danced in front of Gloria for a few moments, then reached down to Gloria's bare legs with both hands, leaning forward so her own bare breasts were dangling in front of her. Gloria's little black dress had ridden up a bit, but she wasn't exposed until Brittany's hands slid up her legs and caught the hem, forcing it just enough higher that the matching black thong became visible. It was just a bit, but I'm fairly sure the way it happened Brittany was checking whether Gloria was naked underneath or not.
Brittany's hands continued up and over Gloria's dress to her waist, under her arms, beside her breasts, before stroking up and over her breasts on their way to her shoulders. Her fingers trailed directly across where Gloria's erect nipples projected against her dress, then up her naked chest to her neck before sliding back down across her shoulders. Her hands caught the spaghetti straps on Gloria's shoulders, gently slipping both of them off as her hands continued down again along Gloria's arms to her wrists and hands. I noticed her glance over the chairs again, then she leaned even further forward and down where she was totally out of sight of the main room before she reached down and took Gloria's hands and placed them on her breasts. She didn't let go, moving Gloria's hands with her own slowly over her tits until she released them, slowly backed away, and raised up. I didn't get a read on how, but somehow she knew Gloria was interested - and simultaneously - shy.
She danced in front of all of us, each for a few moments, bending over, gyrating, teasing. Her hands roamed all over her body, and then facing away from us, bent over once again displaying her ass. This time her hand snaked between her legs, slid up over the two moons of her ass and hooked the top of the brief. She slowly pulled it down revealing the tantalizing smooth and flawlessly tanned globes of her naked bottom; stepping out of the shorts, a thin strip of material all that was visible of the thong she wore.
She was now paying very little attention to Steve and me, although I don't think either of us cared. It was pretty obvious she liked teasing the girls far more. When she again slid onto Mary's lap, Mary's hands were on her naked bottom almost instantly. Brittany leaned forward, sliding her breasts against Mary's face, moving back and forth further and further until her nipple found Mary's lips. Mary didn't hesitate; her lips opened, a pink tongue slipped out and teased a pink nipple before she sucked it into her mouth. Brittany stayed in place for long moments, allowing Mary's mouth to work on her breast. When she pulled away, turning her body so her other breast could be teased by Mary's tongue and lips, her nipple was much longer and harder than it had been moments before.
Brittany's hands had been on Mary's shoulders, but as soon as Mary began sucking her nipple she slid them down to Mary's breasts, kneading, fondling, playing with them at the same time. She glanced once more over the chair back, then quietly pulled back saying "Boss." She slid back off Mary's knees, turned and bending over wiggled her naked ass in Mary's face. I don't think Mary had picked up on what she'd said, so I motioned with my hands for her to cover her breasts. She did just moments before another woman appeared on the platform wandering slowly, apparently just checking things out. She meandered by, trying hard not to be obvious about checking us out, then satisfied that she'd made an effort at stopping any impropriety, left again.
No sooner was she out of sight than Mary again bared her breasts, this time keeping her hands on them, pushing them together. Brittany turned back around, and leaned forward, bared her teeth and bit on the chain, pulling back with her teeth. It stretched taut, pulling against Mary's nipples, her breasts moving together, her nipples pulling inward to follow the tug on the chain. Relaxing the pull on the chain, she took it into her mouth as if she was eating it, gradually moving her mouth closer and closer to Mary's right breast. The visible chain on the right side shrank bit by bit, until it completely disappeared into her mouth. As it did, so did Mary's nipple. Brittany's mouth was against Mary's breast for several long moments, Mary's nipple hidden in her mouth, then she opened her lips showing her teeth around Mary's nipple, just behind the elastic loop. She slowly pulled back again, her teeth behind the loop pulling and stretching Mary's breast and nipple until suddenly the elastic and Mary's nipple separated, her breasts and nipple popping free.
The gold chain was now a tether from Brittany's mouth to Mary's still attached left breast. Pulling the rest of the chain into her mouth with her lips, she gradually drew herself to Mary's other nipple which she first sucked, then removed the loop with her teeth just as she had the other.
Sitting up again she took another glance over the chairs to see if we were to be interrupted. Satisfied that trouble wasn't approaching, she reached forward with both her hands and began tweaking Mary's nipples.
I caught a movement out of the corner of my eye, turning to see the Filipina girl that Steve had been interested in earlier stepping up to the chairs with a tray in hand, checking our drinks. We were all almost empty, I ordered another round for everyone. She collected our empties, a glance at Brittany who made no effort to hide that she was now sucking on Mary's breasts. Something about her knowing smile, I knew there would be no trouble from her.
Mary's hands had been all over Brittany's body while Brittany's mouth had been all over her. Now she slid her hands around to where they were both simultaneously squeezing and fondling each other's tits. Brittany, ever vigilant, glanced over the top of the chairs and simultaneously over Gloria, who truthfully hadn't been getting much of my attention. Gloria's hand was once again on my arm, the grip telling me she couldn't believe this was happening. I looked over at her and smiled, taking in the faint blush, the look of want, and two very hard nipples, all in a glance.
At the same instant behind me I heard Brittany say, "Doesn't your girlfriend like to play?"
"I'm not sure just yet." Mary answered quietly.
"I think she wants to, but I can't undress her."
Gloria was seated closest to the speaker, I was pretty sure that with the music in the background, she hadn't heard any of this - I barely had. I turned to her, covered her hand on my arm with mine. I slid my hand up her arm until I reached her dress where I began to insinuate my fingers under the edge and draw it down. Gloria's eyes got wide, her other hand coming up to stop me. "What are you doing?" She asked, although I knew she knew exactly what I was doing.
My hand rested on her arm, the side of my hand pressed against her breast. I wiggled my pinky finger across her nipple as it was in the perfect place. "She'll play with you too, but you have to show her." Her eyes said it all, she wanted to -- but yet she had reservations. Her hand was holding mine in place, I did nothing until she relaxed the hold. This time as I again began to put pressure drawing her dress down, she made no effort to stop me. Her left areola appeared, her hard nipple stopping the dress from moving further until I ran my finger inside the edge, her nipple popping free. I moved to her right side, insinuating my fingers under the edge until that nipple also broke free, then slid the dress down on both sides so her breasts were resting entirely on top of her dress. Her nipples were extremely hard; I once again flicked the near one with my pinky finger, squeezed it, then reached across her body and squeezed the other. When I tweaked her other nipple, she shivered once with a sharp intake of breath. I felt a hand on my arm and looked up; Brittany was telling me to get out of the way.
I pulled my arm back and Brittany slid into place straddling Gloria's legs. Her thong was pulled tightly against her pussy, covering her naked lips, yet displaying it more plainly than if she'd been completely nude. She reached forward to Gloria's hips, slowly sliding her hands up her sides until Gloria's breasts were engulfed by them. "I knew you wanted to play, but you were afraid." I could barely hear what Brittany was saying to Gloria over the music.
Gloria didn't say anything; her eyes closed, her head rolled back, her neck stretched upward. Brittany released her breasts, then took Gloria's hands in hers, moving them to her own breasts. "First time?" she asked, releasing her hands which then stayed in place and moved her own back to Gloria's chest. She didn't answer, I nodded for her.
Gloria was hesitant at first, but made no effort to remove her hands from Brittany's breasts. Brittany's hands had moved back to Gloria's breasts, lifting and fondling, her fingers finally tweaking Gloria's nipples. Gloria had little tremors going through her as Brittany played with her nipples; little shakes of pleasure telling me she was extremely aroused.
I'd been twisted around in my chair, not paying attention to anything except Brittany and Gloria. I leaned back and reached for my beer, and at the same time glanced over at Steve and Mary, who were also watching Gloria and Brittany. Mary smiled and winked, I smiled in return. Turning back, I was just in time to see Brittany lean down and suck one of Gloria's nipples into her mouth which changed her little tremors of pleasure into a full-fledged orgasm. She shifted over, first suckling her other nipple which elicited more tiny convulsions from Gloria, then ran her tongue from the bottom of her breast, across her nipple to the top, in one long lap.
Brittany turned in Gloria's lap facing outward, her nearly naked body leaning back molding into Gloria's, her head laid back beside Gloria's. Brittany turned her face to Gloria's ear, and although I couldn't tell for sure, she must have been tonguing or sucking it. Brittany's hands grasped Gloria's, pulling them around her and upward until they again reluctantly came to rest on her breasts. She just held them there at first and then released them, her own hands slowly moving away, Gloria's hands remaining on her naked breasts.
She gently lifted Brittany's breasts; her hands fully cupping them, squeezing, her fingers separating, then gradually coming together until she was tweaking her nipples. Brittany twisted her arm behind herself, between them, her hand fondling Gloria at the same time. Brittany's hands returned to their spot, on top of Gloria's hands, which were still on her breasts. She directed them further down her body, across her stomach, across the small diamond stud in her belly button and onto her abdomen. Sliding down, onto her thighs, she forced Gloria to rub her hands over her body. She moved them as far down her legs as they would reach, then slowly drew them back up the inside of her thighs, almost -- but not quite, moving them to her thong covered pussy. I didn't doubt that if Gloria had slid her fingers just a little more to the center -- Brittany wouldn't have stopped her.
Standing, her naked bottom in Gloria's face, she moved Gloria's hands to her backside, where she again released them, moving her own hands to her hips. She teasingly slid them around to her front, one hand cupping her sex, the other slowly sliding lower, between her legs, snaking out as she bent further and further, until she grabbed Gloria's arm near her elbow. She began sliding her hand back out between her legs, her fingers slithering down Gloria's arm, to her wrist, gripping her hand again and drawing it forward between her own legs until her two hands and Gloria's one all converged on her crotch.
Brittany was facing away from me so I couldn't see, but I could see where their hands were and she was holding Gloria's directly on her pussy. Brittany had been nude on stage, but during our private dance she had maintained her thong in place, her shaven pussy covered. Now she drew away from Gloria, Gloria's hand sliding away from her crotch and back between her legs. Turning I could see Brittany's naked pussy, her thong pushed aside, two pussy lips exposed and puffier than when she'd been on stage; she'd had Gloria's hand on her naked pussy, if only for an instant.
Through the chairs I caught a glimpse of the Filipina girl returning with drinks, and although I saw Brittany's head turn, also catching sight of the approaching bar girl, she made no effort to hide what was going on. She delivered the drinks, setting one in front of each of us and collecting the remaining empties, ending with Steve, who had her bend down and said something to her. She nodded and headed off with the tray and empties.
When I looked back it was to see Brittany once again spinning by me, bending in front of Mary to wiggle her naked bottom in her face. She'd made no effort to replace her thong, or to stop Mary's hands from caressing her again, except for another head bob as she checked to see the whereabouts of the local constable. Mary's hands were all over her bottom, her hips, but as she started to insinuate her hand between her legs, Brittany turned, straddled her legs and sat, her now wide open and naked crotch facing her. Brittany's hands came up to again fondle Mary's breasts, Mary's hands went down between Brittany's legs, blatantly sliding a finger along the crease of her pussy, not quite disappearing from view as she fondled her sex. It was just that instant, one caress of her naked pussy, then Brittany pulled back, her finger catching the edge of the thong and moving it back into place. She again glanced toward the rest of the room; Mary understood -- a onetime taboo act that she'd allowed.
A motion caused me to look back the other way, and the Filipina woman was bending toward me, having moved unseen by me into our circle of chairs.
"Your friend says he thinks you like chocolate?" I didn't immediately respond, knowing the puzzlement had to be showing on my face. My friend thinks I like chocolate? What kind of question was that?
"Sure, occasionally." I finally answered.
"Milk Chocolate or Dark Chocolate?"
"Uh, Milk Chocolate I guess." With that she grinned at me, her hands sliding down her sides, catching her tight shorts. She wiggled a little, then turned around, bending over as she slithered her shorts down, exposing her pure milk chocolate ass cheeks to my eyes. I glanced at Steve who was watching with a grin, but although Mary glanced over at us, she was preoccupied with Brittany.
The naked bottom in front of me twisted and churned, backing up closer and closer until she was straddling my legs. I reached up and slid my hands onto her bottom which she allowed, then ran them up and down over her muscular thighs. There was no doubt this beauty worked out often. She moved forward again, out of reach, obviously not going to allow the blatant fondling that Brittany had been doing with the girls. When she turned around, I could see that all she had on was a tiny sliver of a see-through thong, a triangle of cloth that barely covered meaty lips, a camel toe if there ever was a camel toe. The only other clothing she was wearing was the tight fitting top which plunged between her breasts, which didn't appear to be of much size at all, but were sporting two very obviously erect nipples pushing out against the cloth.
She danced for me, raising her hands to her head which accentuated her smallish breasts forcing the cloth tighter against them, making them appear bigger. Forward, backwards, she occasionally moved closer, allowing me to stroke her smooth backside again. I glanced at Gloria who was watching raptly, a slight flush on her chest. She'd pulled the dress back up, her breasts again covered.
The dancer faced me and bent over, leaning onto my knees with her hands. "Are you sure you don't like dark chocolate some?"
"I didn't say that, I like dark chocolate too."
"Oh goody. Ever have chocolate drops?" Her hands crossed and gripped her shirt at the bottom, drawing it up and off, tossing it to one side. She bent back down, her hands to my knees which accentuated the form of her breasts, which as I'd seen were moderately small. But what she lacked in breast size, was more than made up for in her large, luscious, nipples. Two huge, dark chocolate drops, accents on milk chocolate ice cream scoops; cone shape breasts that rounded off into puffy areola and dark chocolate nipples twice as large as a standard pencil eraser. My hands involuntarily reached for the delicacies in front of me, but she stood and pulled back. "Uh, uh, be good."
She danced in front of me for several minutes, turning, displaying her body, but except for that first fondle of her bottom didn't allow me to touch her at all. She said something to Brittany, who agreed. She started to change places, Brittany coming back over to Gloria while the Filipina gal (who I never did get a name for) moved over to Steve. As they slid by each other in the small space, Brittany's hand drug across her body, grabbing a quick fondle of her chocolate breasts and tweaking her chocolate drop nipples. Their hands briefly gripped in passing, I wondered if these two were more than just co-workers that were often naked together.
Mary and I watched the two of them dancing with Steve and Gloria. The excitement of the forbidden was beginning to disappear for me, and as I saw Mary's hand slide up her dress, putting 'the girls" back in place I realized it was for her also; time to move on. Our round of drinks had all but disappeared, and as the music changed again, Gloria finally called a halt to our entertainment, saying she was ready to go. Steve and Mary said they were too -- all it took was closing out the bill, which although steep wasn't as bad as it could have been - thanks to Brittany, I'm sure. The others started toward the car, I returned momentarily and found Brittany. I leaned into her ear, simply said "Thank You" and slipped a cash tip into her hand that was every bit as much an extra as theextrasshe'd allowed us.
She took the tip without looking, simply hiding it in her hand. "Thank you," she responded. "Bring the girls and stay later next time. If they want we can play a little more freely away from here when I'm off...."
I smiled, "I'll let them know," and walked out. She hadn't mentioned Steve and me, there was no doubt in my mind that she didn't mind showing off, but she wasn't particularly interested in men.
The others had ended up waiting. As we were walking toward the car, Gloria took my arm for support. "Oh my god I'm drunk."
"Yeah, but did you have a good time?" Steve asked.
"I did," she answered, "did you?" directing the same question at me. She stumbled a bit, I caught her from falling.
"Absolutely. Great time."
"You guys were a lot of fun." Steve said as he started the car.
"Yeah." Mary added, "We like to play, but it's not always easy to find other people that like to play too."
"Brittany said to come next time when we can stay later, that she can have a lot more fun playing with you two away from here."
"Us two?" Gloria asked, not quite following what I'd said.
I laughed. "Methinks Brittany prefers women."
Gloria looked sheepish, she may have even blushed but it was hard to see in the parking lot light, a simple "Oh" explaining that she finally understood.
It was pretty obvious Mary's statement about finding playmates was both intended to explain the evening that had happened, and leave an opening for further "play" when we got back. There was little doubt that Brittany would play if invited, which meant that finding 'other people' to play had to mean Gloria and me. I wondered if Gloria had picked up on what she was intimating.
Unlike earlier on the way to the club, where Gloria had remained on her side of the car, this time she just slid halfway across and remained cuddled next to me. Her hand at first rested on my leg, but it wasn't long before it slid up across my lap. My semi hard cock rapidly hardened to her caress.
I was sitting slightly sideways, back against the car door, my hand stroking the side of her breast under her arm. She moved her arm slightly, the dress gaped just a little, the spaghetti strap slid off her shoulder, my fingers found the crease under her arm. I wiggled my fingers in her armpit, finding the soft skin on the side of her breast like a teenager copping a feel of his girlfriend for the first time. She shrugged, her dress loosened a bit more, just enough for my fingers to slide inside, my fingertips finding a willing nipple. I looked down at her upturned face, her eyes closed. I kissed her forehead; she raised her face to meet mine. I lowered my kiss to her mouth, her tongue penetrated my lips, her mouth sucking hungrily on my tongue as it followed hers back to her mouth. Her hand, which had been gripping and squeezing my now much harder cock, rose until she could slip her forefinger into my pants, twirling it around the purple knob she found there. She pulled away from the kiss, her eyes came open, her face turned slightly toward the front seat.
"Oh my," Gloria moaned sounding a bit sick, "I think I've had too much to drink." She definitely had had a lot to drink; but from the mixed signals she was giving, I wasn't sure whether it was really too much - or something else was going on. Her hand certainly hadn't let go of my cock, my hand was caressing a very hard nipple, and although she'd just claimed otherwise, her smile previously hadn't led me to believe she was about to lose her cookies.
"Are you going to be OK?" I asked, as fearful that she really might be about to deposit some well used wine and beer in my lap as anything. She nodded.
"I'll be OK." She looked up at me and smiled. "Thanks."
In just a few minutes we were back at the Terra Cotta Inn. Steve pulled into the parking lot this time; we walked in together. Once inside we stopped in the courtyard; despite the post-midnight hour, a couple was lounging in the pool.
"We've got a bottle of wine left," Steve said, "care to join us for a nightcap?"
Without hesitation Gloria groaned. "Oh, I don't think so. I don't think I'd better do anything but go to bed."
"I understand," Mary answered, the disappointment in her voice barely hidden. "We'll catch you tomorrow." We issued our goodbyes, I steered my drunken lady toward our door.
Once behind a closed door, Gloria attacked me. Her arms around my neck, her tongue driving into my mouth as her hands barely managed to unbutton my shirt without popping the buttons off. I needed no urging to join her, pulling her dress up and off was easy, leaving her dressed only in her black thong. She pushed me backward onto the bed, unbuckling my pants and pulling them off. She dropped to her knees, her mouth engulfing my member, sucking me to full hardness.
She climbed onto the bed with me, the thong she was still wearing slid easily aside as she steered my cock to her dripping wetness. She rapidly impaled herself on me, moving her body in search for the right stimulus. Not finding it, she gripped my arm and rolled us over together. I slid to the end of the bed, standing, her legs wrapping around me to force me deeper into her. We fucked like that, hard and fast; me partially standing, her on the edge of the bed, her hands reaching first for my nipples - then her own; tweaking, twisting, even yanking back and forth on them. She came once, then as I continued pounding, a second time before I could hold back no more and spurted my load deep inside her.
Sated for the moment, dripping with sweat from the exertion, I crawled beside her on the bed and collapsed. "My god, where did that come from? I thought you were drunk and needed to go to bed?"
She giggled, "Pretty good huh? I needed to go to bed but not because I was drunk. Oh my god, that was hot. Did you see she was playing with me? When she sucked my nipple?"
"It was kind of hard to miss."
"I touched her pussy."
"Uh huh, I saw. Mary too."
"Did you see she made me cum?"
"I saw." She rolled toward me, pulling my arm down and resting her head on it. Her hand began to twiddle the hair on my chest. "You didn't want to play with Mary and Steve?"
She didn't answer immediately, but eventually she let out a simple "no."
"Mary was disappointed, it's pretty obvious she likes women."
"I know... but it isn't her, it's Steve. I know this might sound strange, but I don't want to fuck him. I was afraid that if we went with them he'd want to have sex with me and I'm not ready for that. I don't know if I'll ever be ready for that."
I assured her I understood, there was a distinct possibility that was what they had in mind, but told her I wouldn't have let anything happen that she wasn't a willing participant in. We talked some more until somewhere in mid conversation we must have fallen asleep. We really had had a lot to drink.