Bobby and Geri had been married for less than a year and they were blissfully in love with each other. They both attended college in Madison, Wisconsin, however they did not meet there. Rather, during her junior year, Geri had gone with some of her girlfriends to a bar near campus that featured several pool tables and attracted a regular crowd of casual players as well as a few very accomplished ones on any given night.
Geri had closely watched one particular player that night, Bobby, and was impressed by his confidence and skill. He was better by far than any of the others at the tables and had pocketed several hundred dollars in winnings by the evening's end. He too had watched one particular person that night, Geri, as she was the most attractive girl in the place. Replacing his pool cue in the rack, he walked up to her and asked, "I've been watching you watching me all night. May I buy you a drink?"
"I've been impressed by your skills, and yes, you may buy a drink for me if you like," Geri replied matter of factly.
That evening lead to several other dates over the next few weeks. Most of them were to bars with pool tables or pool halls with bars. Geri learned that playing pool for money was very different from the friendly games she had seen in the past. Skill was important, of course, but a lot of it was about attitude and confidence. The player with the best skills did not always win, rather the player with a mental edge had the best chance of coming away with the spoils. Subtle tactics were frequently used to disrupt an opponent's game.
On one particular night, Bobby asked Geri if she wanted to be a part of the action. "What do I have to do?" She asked.
"Not much," Bobby explained. "Just wear the shortest skirt you own and a tight tank top minus a bra. During the games, be unladylike and careless with your posture. Watch what happens to the other guy's attention to the game."
Geri thought about his request for only a moment or so before agreeing. She found it exciting to watch Bobby play and got off on watching him win, even more. When they left for the bar, she was wearing a very short denim skirt, thin white tank top - sans bra, and sneakers. Under the skirt she wore a pair of pale green lacy panties. She pulled her brown shoulder-length hair into a ponytail and applied pink lipstick to her luscious lips. A touch of mascara to accent her light brown eyes completed the look. At 5-feet, 7-inches tall and 130 pounds, she would stand out under any circumstances. Now, however, she was impossible to disregard.
"Damn, baby. You are going to distract me as much as the other guy. You look fucking hot, Geri," Bobby assessed.
"Thanks, honey. I must admit that I am very excited by this. Watching you play always turns me on and being a part of your game is a thrill for me," Geri told him as she grabbed a light, waist-length jacket. "No need to look slutty until we get to the bar," she thought.
The ride from her apartment in the suburbs near Madison Wisconsin to the bar took 20 minutes, during which Bobby explained what she was to do during the game, "be a little subtle about it at first — then escalate what you do as the games progress. Don't be obvious about it unless I signal you to up the pressure."
"Up the pressure? How would I do that, exactly?" She asked.
"Well, you could look him directly in the eye and open your legs for him. Maybe even pull your panties aside and show him your pussy, if need be," Bobby suggested.
"Show him my pussy?! Are you fucking serious?"
"Only if I signal you that I need you to. Are you OK with that?" Bobby asked.
Geri considered what Bobby was saying for a few moments. Other than him, only two other men had seen her private parts. Her high school boyfriend and a guy she dated during her sophomore year of college. The thought of showing it exposing herself to a stranger was having a odd effect on her — she liked it.
When they arrived at the pool hall, Bobby led the way to a back corner of a large room that contained a dozen pool tables. There were several high bar stools against the wall for spectators and he directed Geri to sit on one. She kept her jacket on and sat modestly while the game began.
Bobby and the other player, Lance, lagged cue balls to see who would break first. Bobby won the break and began sink ball after ball. They were playing nine ball, the rules of which required that, on each shot, the first ball the cue ball contacts must be the lowest-numbered ball on the table, but the balls need not be pocketed in order. If a player pockets any ball on a legal shot, he remains at the table for another shot, and continues until he misses, fouls, or wins the game by pocketing the 9-ball.
Bobby ran the table — never missing once and won the first game. Geri remained as she was, thinking that her boyfriend did not need her help at this point. The games went back and forth for the next half and hour, with each player winning three. When Lance broke the next rack, she decided it was time for her to help — beginning by removing her jacket, which revealed her tight tank top, 34D breasts, and rigid, pink nipples straining against the thin material.
The move had its desired effect. Lance took immediate notice of her newly exposed top and promptly missed his next shot. Her breath was coming rapidly as her excitement grew while she watched her boyfriend return to the table and clear it once again. Her nipples were remaining erect, but she rubbed the cold glass containing her drink against them from time to time for effect. Over the next forty-five minutes, Lance won only one game and Geri was beginning to feel sorry for him. He was down about $300 and desperation was beginning to show on his face.
He rarely took his eyes off of her, so thinking she would give him a little thrill, she reached to her left and stretched to put her drink on a table next to her. As she did this, her legs spread widely and provided Lance with a nice, prolonged view of her little panties. She looked him in the eyes and then followed his gaze to her crotch as she sat back up on her stool. Smiling, she closed her legs again.
Lance was toast after that. He seemed to be focused on waiting for her to open her legs again and was simply going through the motions at the pool table. To his chagrin, Geri never let him get another look at her panties and the game finally ended when Bobby won all of the $500 that Lance had on him.
They were laughing as they got back into their car for the return drive home. "What did you do to him?" Bobby asked Geri as they drove away.
"Not much, actually. My nipples stayed hard the entire evening and he seemed to enjoy that. He fell apart, though when I gave him a nice peek up my skirt and looked at him when I did it," Geri related.
"Well, I could have beaten him anyway, but it is very cool that you did that. Did it turn you on at all?" Bobby inquired.
"Hell yes, it did! Which is why you need to pull this car over somewhere and fuck me, right now!" Geri exclaimed.
Bobby desperately searched for a place to stop while Geri rubbed her pussy through the fabric of her panties. A small road off of the county highway that they had been traveling on provided an adequate location for them to stop. As soon as he brought the car to a halt, Bobby reached over and replaced her hand with his on her crotch.
"Shit, baby. You are soaking wet. This really did get to you, didn't it?" He asked as he stroked his girlfriend's pussy.
Pumping her hips up to meet his digital manipulations of her sex she answered, "I wanted to pull my panties aside and show him my pussy, but I chickened out, because I wasn't sure you would have really been OK with it, despite what you told me before we got there."
Bobby slipped his fingers under the crotch of her panties and inserted two of them inside of her, "I would have been fine with it, baby. I think it is so sexy that you liked showing off for the guy and I love the effect it has had on you."
"So do I, honey. Now fuck me!" Geri ordered as she reclined her seat back all the way.
That was two years ago...
Since then, the couple were married and had moved into their first house together in Mount Pleasant, Wisconsin. Bobby had leveraged his engineering degree into a position with one of the top firms in the area, while Geri applied her degree to a job with an occupational therapy clinic in town. Being only 15 minutes from the shores of Lake Michigan, they spent a lot of their time there when the weather was favorable.
Bobby continued to enjoy his passion for playing pool and Geri would accompany him to his games on many occasions — sometimes dressing sexy to again serve as a distraction for his competitors. However, Mount Pleasant is not a very large city and the couple quickly became known in most of the bars and pool halls where Bobby went to play. This served to put a damper on Geri's teasing and made it harder and harder for Bobby to get a money game with any of the locals, as his reputation as a highly skilled pool hustler was legend.
One evening, as they were cruising on a rental sail boat on Lake Michigan while sipping a nice Napa Valley Cabernet, Bobby made a suggestion, "Why don't we drive down to Chicago this weekend? There are tons of places where I can get a game and no one knows either of us there. You can be a little more naughty, like you used to be, and I can make some money off of those big city players."
"I love that idea," Geri said without hesitation. "Let's do it!"
So, the next Friday night, the couple packed their bags and hopped into their car and began the one-hour, fifteen-minute drive to Chicago. After checking into their room, Bobby laid down for a nap before they headed out.
Geri used that time to shower and get herself ready for the evening. Bobby had picked her outfit, which included a short, pleated navy blue skirt topped by a thin cotton button-up cropped blouse with long sleeves. A lacy white bra and matching panties completed her clothing ensemble, and navy blue five-inch heels completed the look. The skirt fit low on her hips, which showed off her belly button diamond stud, and she left the blouse completely unbuttoned, tying the two halves together just under her bra. The result was a variation on a school girl uniform with a definite slutty touch, showing lots of chest, lacy bra, and long legs.
She was applying the finishing touches to her makeup when Bobby woke up, "Pink or red lipstick?" She asked him.
"Pink. Makes you look younger," Bobby suggested.
"Younger? I'm only 24!" she countered indignantly.
"And a hot 24-year old you are, my darlin. But with a look like that, you can look like you are barely legal, which will add to the distraction we want," Bobby explained with a wicked grin. "While you are at it, pull your hair up into a ponytail. Maybe you won't even look legal then."
"Yeah, right. What is it with guys that they always want younger girls? I am much better at sex now than I was in high school," Geri lamented.
"I am sure you are, baby, but we are not concerned with them knowing how good you are at sex, we just want them to be distracted by your astonishing good looks and rampant sexiness —which they absolutely will be," Bobby clarified.
Bobby drove them to a bar that several players back home had mentioned to him. It was owned by a man named Roy, who was a very good pool player as well. The bar was appropriately named "Roy's."
The building was on the outskirts of downtown Chicago and was situated below street level, necessitating patrons to descend a flight of stairs to get inside. Inside, it was darker than most bars and had a hint of stale beer and liquor in the air. There were ten stools at the bar and five booths across from them. Toward the back of the room, was a much more brightly lit area that contained eight pool tables. The sound of plastic balls colliding could be heard from the bar over the rock music playing on the jukebox.
Bobby ordered double tall gin&tonics for both of them and then moved to the tables in back. As was usual in most places, there were tall stools against the wall so that spectators could watch without interfering with the players. Bobby and Geri sat on two nearest the first table and sipped their drinks while they watched the game progress.
Two men were playing 9-ball at the table and it quickly became obvious that one was far more talented than the other. After a couple of quick games and an exchange of winnings, the lesser player retired. Looking at Bobby, the winner inquired, "Are you here to watch or do you want to play?"
"I can play a little if its my turn," Bobby answered.
"Great! My name is Roy," the man said. "What's yours?"
"Bobby. So, Roy, is this your place?"
"Yep. I used to play here in my younger days and I bought the place about 15 years ago, after I retired from the CPD," Roy answered.
"Oh, a retired Chicago cop? That's cool," Bobby offered.
"Homicide detective. Got myself shot when I went to arrest a perp that had killed his wife and her boyfriend. It ended my career earlier than planned, but ten 9mm slugs center mass ended that asshole altogether — so it all worked out OK," Roy explained.
"Remind me not to piss you off," Bobby kidded.
"Good plan, kid. You can break," Roy said.
Before he struck the cue ball, Bobby asked, "what are we playing for?
"Can you handle $50 a game?" Roy asked.
Bobby had brought $1,000 cash for the trip, so the stakes were no problem for him, "Sure, lets play." With that, he smashed the cue ball into the nine balls that were in a diamond formation on the far side of the table — sinking two of them on the break.
"Nice break," Roy observed.
Bobby went on to win the game and collected $50 from Roy at its conclusion. The next ten games went back and forth — both players seeming to be fairly evenly matched. As the balls were being racked for their twelfth game Roy spoke up, "neither of us is gaining any ground. Want to change the stakes?"
"What do you have in mind?" Bobby asked.
"Best out of ten games. Winner takes all at $100 per game," Roy suggested. "If we are tied after ten games, then the first to play to a two game advantage wins."
Bobby had been holding back just a bit until this point, employing the hustler's go-to tactic of suckering a mark by making the mark think he was as good or better than the hustler. The escalated bet was more than he had expected to suggest, but it meant a quick $1,000 for the evening when he won, so he quickly agreed to the terms.
He saw Geri looking at him with an incredulous look on her face, so he walked over to her to talk before play began again.
"Hey babe, what's up?" He asked innocently.
"Honey, that's a $1,000 bet. That is all the cash we have with us. Do you really think this is a good idea?" She asked.
"I've got this guy, Geri. I haven't been playing my 'A' game yet, so he has misjudged the competition," Bobby said confidently. "I've got this."
"Another drink, pretty girl?" Roy called to Geri. "This may take a while."
Roy had been providing gin & tonics to Geri on the house since he and Bobby started playing. Bobby had wisely declined anymore alcohol since his first drink, but Geri had consumed four doubles to this point.
"Sure, why not?" She replied with a shrug. "It's not like I'm busy."
Moments later, the bartender arrived, this time with a 5-ounce gin martini, which Geri studied for a moment and then accepted. Roy smiled and returned his attention to the table.
After six games they were all even 3-3. After seven, Bobby was up 4-3 and his confidence was brimming, but then he missed a tough shot during game eight and left Roy with three easy shots to win that game. To Bobby's horror, at the start of the ninth game, Roy sank the nine ball on the break — blind luck to go up 5-4. Now, Bobby had to win the tenth game to force a tie. Fortunately, Roy missed after sinking four of the nine balls. Moving to the table, Bobby began to methodically sink the last five in order until only the nine ball remained. The ball was nestled along the rail near the far corner pocket with the cue ball all the way on the other side of the table against the rail — a tough shot to be sure, but one Bobby knew he could make.
Geri was on her third martini and was feeling no pain. During the last nine games, she had flashed her panties toward Roy, although not with the subtlety she intended due to her level of intoxication. Roy, however, had shown no interest in what she was doing, much to her chagrin.
Employing all of his experience and skills, Bobby lined his shot up and smoothly stroked his cue stick, striking the cue ball exactly where he wanted to and watched as it rolled steadily toward its intended target. He exhaled as the white ball impacted the nine ball, but sucked his breath back in as he watched it hit a hair off target, resulting in the nine ball moving away from the rail and missing the corner pocket by and inch.
"Tough break, buddy," Roy said as he quickly sank the easy shot Bobby's miss had left him.
Bobby was dumbfounded. How could this have happened? He could make that shot 99 times out of 100. His mind was in a fog as he reached in his jeans pocket to retrieve all of his cash to pay Roy.
"You are a hell of a player, kid. That could have gone either way," Roy offered. "We will have to play again sometime."
"How about now?" Bobby asked. "Best of five for $500."
"Are you sure, kid?" Roy challenged. "It's late and your little lady is feeling those martinis."
"I'm sure," Bobby shot back. "I can beat you."
Bobby walked over to Geri again and noticed that she was definitely feeling the effects of the martinis, plus she had a worried look on her face. "Baby, we don't have anymore money," she pleaded. "You need to stop now."
"I don't need any money. I'm better than this guy and I can beat him. Have you been doing your part to distract him?" Bobby said with a slightly accusatory tone.
"Yes, of course I have," Geri answered. "Maybe he is gay, because he hasn't shown much interest in anything I have been trying."
"Try harder," was all Bobby said as he turned and went back to the table.
Roy had walked to the bar to talk with his bartender and so Geri took advantage of the break to go to the ladies room where she reapplied her makeup and reached under her skirt to remove her panties. "Ok, you want me to try harder? Let's see how this works," she thought as she returned to her stool. There was another martini waiting for her when she got there and she took a sip before she positioned herself on the seat. This time, her skirt was pulled higher than it had been all night — most of the way up her thighs. She positioned her heels on the metal crossmember that held the stool legs in place. This put her knees level with the seat and she left them about 12-inches apart — providing a clear view of her pussy and neatly trimmed brown bush.
This time, when Roy returned to the table, he made a point of looking at what she was showing him. Looking her in the eyes, he smiled and moved his index fingers apart — indicating he would like to see more. Pleased that she had gotten his attention at last, Geri complied, moving her knees several more inches apart which caused the lips of her pussy to open a bit and provided a tantalizing view of her pink inner folds and clit.
The two men resumed their game while Geri kept her knees where they were and was pleased to see that Roy was checking her out between every shot now. She was so focused on him that she took no notice of the several other men that had moved from the bar and the other tables to watch the game as well as the slutty brunette showing off her cunt. At one point, she pulled the hem of her skirt as high as it would go, spread her knees even wider and used her thumb and index finger to spread the lips of her vagina even more, much to the delight of not only Roy but the considerable audience that had gathered to watch.
However, despite her best efforts and Bobby's, it was over after just three games. Roy had won all three — easily. Bobby was pale with disbelief as he turned to look at his wife who was still putting on a show for all present. He quickly walked over to her and ordered, "OK, that's enough. It's over now — I lost."
Snapping her knees shut, Geri looked at him incredulously, "You lost? How can that be? What do we do now?"
"Don't worry, I'll take care of this. It will be fine. Just pull your skirt down and we will be leaving in a few minutes," he assured her.
Turning to Roy, Bobby said, "I can't believe I lost. I truly did not think I would. We have a little problem, however, I don't have the $500 in cash on me right now, so I will have to get it to you tomorrow."
Roy's eyes narrowed into a sinister glare, "You made a bet you couldn't cover? Who the fuck do you think you are dealing with, kid? You will pay me everything you owe alright, but first we are going to teach you how punks like you are dealt with in Chicago."
Motioning to the men gathered around he told them, "take this asshole out back and demonstrate how unhappy I am with him. Don't kill him, but fuck him up bad."
"Wait...wait just a minute. This isn't necessary — there has got to be someway we can work this out that doesn't involve violence. Please, Roy, there has to be something," Bobby begged.
"I don't think so, scooter. You need a lesson and this is the only was to teach it to you," Roy countered. "That is, unless the little lady wants to help you out. Maybe I could be convinced to back off on your beating a bit."
"Help out how?" Bobby asked, ignoring the obvious implications.
"Well, I don't know. Maybe she could bring what she has been showing to all of us over here and give me a lap dance, for starters. That would be a good start toward getting me in a better mood and it would help you avoid a world of pain," Roy offered with a wicked grin. "What do you say, little darlin. Do you want to help your husband out like you were trying to before?"
Bobby turned and looked at Geri. "I don't know. I don't think I should. It would be wrong," she said.
"Take him!!" Roy shouted. "Enough of this bullshit. Honey, you can wait here until it is over. You don't want to see this."
"Wait a minute...just wait one minute. This is all happening too fast. Are you saying that you will let us go, if I give you a lap dance?" Geri interjected.
"I'm saying that if you don't, his beating starts now and it will be very, very bad," Roy said.
"But what if we call the police and tell them what you have done? You don't want that do you?" Geri threatened lightly.
"Honey, we are the police. Most of the men in here are active duty with CPD, so feel free to call anyone you like. It won't get you anywhere. So, yes or no? Either get your ass over here or don't. No more talk," Roy snarled.
Geri looked at Bobby, but he was staring at the floor and said nothing to protest, so she slid off her stool and walked toward Roy. "Get me a chair and get your cameras out," he said to no one in particular and a chair was quickly placed behind him. Turning to Geri, he said, "Tell me you want to give me a lap dance."
"Tell you I want to do this? Really?" She shot back.
"Yes — Tell me that you want to do this and make me believe it," Roy insisted with a threatening glance toward Bobby.
"I want to give you a lap dance, Roy. Let me do this for you," Geri said while looking at the several mobile phone cameras pointed in her direction.
When Geri reached the spot where Roy was sitting he ordered, "Straddle my legs facing me and sit on my lap. That's good baby, now move. You know what to do. Move that money maker on uncle Roy's lap."
Doing as she was told, Geri began to slide her hips back and forth over the 55-year-old's lap. As she did, she began to feel his cock swell inside his pants, which caused her to feel ashamed of what she was doing, but she persisted because she knew her husband needed her to do so.
Roy reached up and untied the knot in her blouse and opened the garment to reveal her white lace bra underneath. "Nice, baby. Take the shirt off now," he told her.
Geri complied without resistance and did not react when he place both of his hands on her breasts and began to massage them. His hands were rough and he squeezed her mounds hard, but she still did not resist. Next he moved one of his hands from her breast and slid it under her skirt where he quickly found the warmth of her spread vagina and inserted two fingers inside her. This caused her to jerk back and stop her hip motion.
"Keep moving, girl. This isn't over by a long shot. Fuck my fingers with your cunt," Roy told her. "Next, it will be my cock inside there, slut."
Bobby had been in somewhat of a daze until this moment, but Roy's declaration had made its way through the fog and it registered that his wife was being molested right in front of him. He started to make a move to stop what was happening, but one of the men standing beside him punched him hard in the gut, which doubled him over in pain.
Geri stopped again as she saw her husband writhing in pain on the floor. "This is it, bitch. Either you keep going on me or they keep working on your husband. Fuck my fingers or get off of me - now," Roy snarled.
With a tear in her eye, Geri turned back to Roy and began pumping her hips against the invading digits. Against her will, the motion and penetration were causing her to become very wet — a fact that Roy was quick to point out to the others in the room. "This bitch is getting very fucking wet. She loves this. Take your bra off, slut. Show me your tits."
Geri did as he told her, bringing her light pink nipples into view. To her embarrassment, they were rock hard even though she had tried to will them not to be. Roy leaned forward and sucked on one of them while his hands were still busy with the other nipple and inside her pussy. The combined effect of his actions were causing Geri's body to respond in ways she did not want. Her nipples ached for his touch and were stretched to limit. Her pussy was sopping wet and had heated up to become hot to the touch inside. Worse, she could feel and orgasm building and she could do nothing to stop it.
Bobby had recovered somewhat from the punch to his gut and he began to stand up, whereupon he was immediately grabbed by two guys and pushed back onto the stool that his wife had occupied all night. They forced his hands behind his back and through the slats of the chair where they handcuffed him. Locating Geri's discarded panties in her purse, they shoved them into his mouth and secured them by tying her blouse around his head.
When he started to struggle, one of them leaned in and whispered into his ear, "at this point, if you interfere, not only do you get hurt, but she does too."
That immediately calmed Bobby down and he sat quietly as he watched his beautiful wife being forced to service the bar owner. As he watched, Geri stood up off of Roy's lap and moved to the side where she unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Roy took the opportunity to stand up and remove his pants and underwear, revealing a very large, very hard cock.
Sitting back down, he motioned Geri back over, "get on your knees and suck it."
Doing as she was told, Geri nestled between Roy's spread legs and began to suck his cock. She was taking most of it down her throat, because he was pulling on her ponytail so hard that she had no choice but to do so. "Lick my balls — put them in your mouth."
Geri alternated between his cock and balls for the next few minutes until Roy pulled her mouth off of his cock.
"Damn, she is a good cock sucker. Almost made me cum before I got to fuck her. Get up here baby, put my cock inside of you."
Geri, once again, straddled Roy's legs and slowly lowered herself down onto his even more engorged cock. Her pussy was still very wet and his 10-inch cock slid in easily. Ten inches was three inches more than she had ever experienced before. She had cock touching her in places that she had never felt previously and, as she begin to move up and down on the invading phallus, the orgasm that had been building before returned with a vengeance.
She fucked the man hard. Seeking to drive as much of his cock up inside of her as she could, creating wet, slapping sounds as their flesh moved against each other. Her breathing was coming very quickly and Roy was hungrily sucking on her nipple — no longer talking to her, but now going along for the ride she was giving him. A few more strokes and Geri's orgasm unleashed itself inside of her. Her kegel muscles tugged and pulled at Roy's cock while her fluids coated the walls of her pussy and Roy's cock then flowed out of her and onto his crotch.
Quietly, she whispered, "Fuck me. Fuck me, please."
In response, Roy grabbed her hips and began to drive his cock in and out of her tiny hole, touching her even deeper than before.
Quietly, again, "Yes, that's it. You feel so good inside of me. Fuck me deeper."
Her dirty talk put Roy over the edge and his cock exploded with cum which reached even deeper recesses of her cunt. She pumped her hips rapidly, milking the invader to get every drop she could inside of her.
As his cock began to deflate and his breathing returned to normal, Roy patted Geri's ass and said, "Fuck, that was great! I put a huge load inside of you. I hope you are on birth control, babe."
She wasn't.
Geri lifted herself off of Roy and turned to retrieve her clothing. "Hold on, honey. You aren't finished yet. Your husband tried to screw me out of $500 tonight, plus there is now a penalty equal to that amount. So, you are now our $1,000 whore and you are done when that debt is paid in trade," he said matter of factly.
To the other men in the bar he said, "Take her to the back table and put something on it to protect the felt. She is all yours."
As she was being led away, Geri looked back at her husband. He wouldn't look at her. He stared at the floor as his wife was led to a pool table to be fucked by everyone there. At first, they simply laid her on her back on top of the table covered by a sheet of vinyl and fucked her missionary style — pumping load after load of cum inside her sweet pussy.
The walls of her vagina began to swell in response to all of the friction inside of her, which served to make her even tighter the more they fucked her. Geri offered no resistance. Resigned to her fate, she decided to make the most of the situation, by enjoying what parts of the gang bang that she could, which was most of it. She spoke very quietly to her sex mates, however, because she didn't want her husband to hear her moans and words of encouragement to them as they did whatever they wanted to her body.
Ten guys in succession dumped their loads inside the young wife who loved the feeling as their cocks spasmed inside of her. While this was going on, the bartender went into Geri's purse and retrieved her mobile phone. He walked over to the prone beauty and held the phone near her head.
"Smile, cunt." he said —which caused her to look up at the phone in his hand. The security software recognized her face and unlocked the phone's apps. Switching it to video mode, he began capturing some of what was being done to her.
Next, she was flipped over onto her stomach with her feet barely touching the floor. A couple of guys fucked her from behind this way, but the third declared that he wanted her ass and, after shoving his cock into her slick pussy, he scooped up some of the slick cum that was flowing out of her and shoved it inside her rectum. He pulled his cock out of her cunt and began pressing against her heretofore virginal asshole.
Geri, despite the pain, encouraged him to continue, "That's it. Fuck my ass. I'm a $1,000 whore tonight, so fuck me like one. Oh, fuck that hurts! Push harder — get your cock deep in my ass." Geri's encouragement helped and by showing her no mercy, he finally succeeded in slipping past her anal ring and, with her pushing back against him, all the way inside of her ass.
Another guy was inspired by her enthusiasm for what was being done to her. So, after sliding partway underneath her and presenting his cock to her face for her to suck to a hard erection, he slid the rest of the way down and pushed it into her dripping pussy. This was Geri's first time being double penetrated, and the sensations were driving her wild.
All too soon, Geri was on her back again when one of the men took the opportunity to insert the back of a pool cue into her cunt. Geri pumped her hips up against the invading piece of wood and was eventually able to get over a foot of it inside her hole. Another man took a cue and began working it into her ass, which was now well-lubricated after previously absorbing several loads of cum. After both sticks were well inside of her, the two men began to slide them in and out of her holes. "Now, this is the way to play pool," the first one said. "This slut likes being used."
As if in answer to his comment, Geri increased the pace of her hip pumping, helping to drive the pool cues deeper inside her body. "Come on boys. Fuck me with those things. This $1,000 whore will let you put anything you want inside of her."
The man with her phone took a break from shooting the action and explored her address book. There were three contacts that had addresses within thirty minutes of the bar. Deciding it would be interesting to see what might happen, he created a 60-second video clip that included her anal penetration, double penetration, and pool cue penetration complete with her comments at the time.
He attached the video file to three separate text messages and typed the following into each:
"Hi, I'm down at Roy's bar in Villa Park having fun with the guys here. Since you are close by, I thought you might like to hurry on over and join the fun. Hope to see you soon! Geri"
It was less than 5 minutes before the first response came in:
"Damn, Geri. That video was hot as hell. Is this really you?"
"Of course its me! Get your ass over here and fuck me."
A couple of minutes later, another response:
"Are you serious? This is totally out of the blue. I had no idea you were into this kind of thing."
And, within 20 minutes, the last response:
"I'll have to see if I can get away. My wife is still awake, so I may be a little while."
All three of them made it. One even brought a friend. The first was a friend of her brother. The second, a former physical therapy client, and the third a current client. All four of them took a couple of turns each with Geri — all of them in her cunt at least once, two in her ass for their second round and two in her mouth. She recognized and acknowledged the three who received the texts from her phone, but did not have the opportunity to try and explain exactly what was going on. The guys didn't care. Just having an opportunity to fuck one of the girls of their dreams was sufficient.
As the night wore on, several of the men continued taking pictures and videos of the action from multiple angles, while also capturing everything Geri was saying. Roy approached Bobby and played one of the mobile phone videos that showed Geri taking her first cock in the ass. He could also hear her begging the man to push harder even though it hurt.
"I guess we don't need to gag you anymore, Bobby. It seems your pretty wife is really quite the slut, and our little party has brought the whore in her to the surface," Roy said as he removed the blouse and panties from Bobby's mouth.
Now no longer handcuffed, Bobby sat silently and watched his wife being fucked repeatedly. Originally, there had been about 20 employees and customers in the bar when the gang bang started, however, some of the guys had been on their mobile phones inviting their buddies to come over and fuck the chick that was taking on all comers. By the time the evening was over, Well over twenty-five guys had fucked Geri — some of them several times. Roy had also returned for 'seconds' - this time taking her ass and then putting his cock in her mouth for her to clean.
The sun was coming up as everything was wrapping up inside. Bobby was released and Geri was given her clothes to put back on. Holding Bobby's drivers license in his hand, Roy spoke to the couple, "I want my money delivered to me by 8:00PM tonight. I know who you both are and where you live, so don't even think about skipping out on me. Geri, I want you to bring it. Bobby you can come along or not, I don't care. Any questions?"
"Yes. I thought what Geri did tonight was to cover the debt," Bobby almost whined.
"What Geri did tonight was of her own free will and it was to teach you a lesson, Bobby. She saved you a beating and I have decided to forego the penalty money, so you only have to come up with the $500. Now, if money is a problem right now, Geri can work off the $500 tonight instead of cash — your choice."
"Don't worry, Roy. We will be here. You'll get your money," Geri assured him.
When the couple reached their car, Geri gingerly slid into the passenger seat and turned to her husband, "Well, last night did not turn out the way either of us expected, I guess."
"You are damn right, Geri! I can't believe you did what you did with those men. I..."
"Shut the fuck up, Bobby! I don't want to hear any righteous indignation from you. I did what I did at first to save your ass from a well-deserved beating. Then I kept doing it because I was pissed off at you. And, after a few of them had fucked me really well, I started enjoying it —a lot. I'll have cum from dozens of men running out of my pussy and my ass for hours and I like that. I liked them calling me a slut and a whore and treating me like one too. I've cum so many times tonight that I'm surprised I have the strength to walk. You caused this and now, you get to deal with the consequences, which, apparently are not over yet."
Backing his anger down several notches, Bobby couldn't help but steal a look at his wife's inner thighs. There he could see two shiny trails where the fluids had been leaking out of her and flowing down her leg. "I'm sorry, babe. I thought I would lose my mind watching what those men were doing to you. I have never felt so helpless."
Turning in her seat to face him, Geri lifted her left knee up on the console which afforded him a clear view of her vagina. It was coated with the remnants of the semen that had been ejaculated into her. Some of the older deposits had left a white crusty residue, while the more recent were still in the form of a viscous liquid that was seeping out of her. "I can understand why you felt useless," she purposely substituted a more demeaning word for the one he had used. "But tell me, dear husband. Did it turn you on to watch those men having sex with your wife? Putting their cocks in my mouth, my pussy, even my ass? Did it? Just a little bit?"
"No, of course not. I was in agony the entire time. How could you even ask that?" Bobby protested.
"Well, maybe because, even now, I can clearly see that you have an erection and you have probably had one most of the night, haven't you? Don't lie to me, Bobby."
"Babe, I can't help getting a hard on. It's an involuntary reaction and beyond my control." He explained.
"Really? OK, let's test that theory then. Put your seat back and I will mount you right now. You can feel the heat and wetness that the other men felt while they were fucking me. You can have my ass, if you want, but I would recommend my pussy, based upon the comments from the other men that sampled both holes." As she said this, she slid two fingers inside her pussy and then put them in her mouth. "Or maybe you would rather go down on me and suck some of this delicious cum out of me?"
After a few seconds, Bobby replied matter of factly, "I'll pass on the cream pie offer babe. Not my thing, but I am curious about what all the fuss was about regarding your pussy. I heard some of them talking about how tight you were getting the more you were fucked." As he said this, he lowered his seat back all the way and pulled his pants and underwear off — allowing his raging hard on to spring free.
Geri lifted her skirt to her waist and moved across the console to mount her husband. As she lowered herself onto his raging cock, she smiled at him and said, "You know I am going back to the bar tonight and I am going to whore myself out to pay the $500 you owe Roy." She slid herself up and down on his cock several times as she said this. "You can come along, if you like and watch what they do to me. The bartender wants to use the baseball bat he keeps behind the bar in my pussy instead of just a skinny little pool cue... gives me chills just thinking about it."
The pent up sexual tension that had been building all night within Bobby as he had watched and enjoyed his wife being used by countless men finally found its release and he, at last, added his considerable load of cum to the mix inside of his wife.
"I wouldn't miss it for anything..."