It was date night, and Dave and I went to a bar. A couple of his friends were already there, and they all started watching the football. Boring. I looked around the bar, but it was full of people watching the game.
I decided to text Dan and see I could get him to flirt with me, and maybe send me some sexy pictures.
"Bored"
"Where are you?"
"In a bar"
"Who with?"
"Dave and a couple of his mates"
"Watching the football"
"So leave"
I couldn't leave, as Dave drove, and it seemed rude to just ditch him and get an Uber or something.
"Can't, entertain me"
"Go to the men's room"
This wasn't what I'd had in mind. I was hoping to stay at the table and just text back and forth.
"Really?"
"Yes, you can send me pictures from there"
"I was hoping for a dick pic"
"No, we'll play there"
Fuck! This wasn't what I'd wanted, but the ideas in my head were starting to turn me on. Maybe we could have video phone sex or something? I excused myself to the ladies room, and Dave didn't even turn his head from the TV. I walked over towards the rest rooms, and listened at the door to the men's room. It was quiet, so I hoped there was nobody in there. In I went.
There was nobody there, thankfully, so I went and claimed a stall, locking the door behind me.
"In a stall"
"Send me a picture out the door, so I can see you're really in the men's room"
Really? I unlocked and opened the door, then took a picture that showed the urinals, and me in the mirror. I sent it, then closed the door, locking it again. I really didn't want to get caught in there.
"Back in stall"
"Send me a picture of you"
It was a little awkward, but I took a selfie and sent it to him.
"Is there a larger disabled stall?"
I unlocked the door, opened it and looked out. There was. I closed and locked the door just as somebody came in.
"Yes"
"Go there"
"Just a sec, somebody's come in"
"What's he look like?"
I opened the door a crack and looked at him in the mirror, standing by the urinal. I closed the door before he turned around and came to wash his hands.
"Older guy, maybe 50?"
"Ask him to help you"
"Kidding?"
"Really - tell him friend wants pictures"
"You'll make it worth his time"
Goddamnit! I opened the door.
"Excuse me, sir?"
He was almost at the door, and turned when he heard my voice.
"What's wrong? You know this is the men's room, don't you?"
"Yes, it's just I'm on a dare from a friend, and he sent me in here."
I jiggled my cellphone at him.
"He wants me to get somebody to help me with whatever he wants me to do next, and," my nerve almost left me, "he says it'll be worth your time."
"What's that mean?" he asked, suspiciously.
"I honestly don't know."
He seemed to accept that.
"Here, let's go into the disabled stall, it's bigger, and I don't want anybody walking in and getting the wrong idea."
I led the way, and luckily he followed me. I shut and locked the door behind him.
"I just want to take a picture of us so I can show him you're helping me," I said, standing next to him and snapping a selfie of us both.
I sent it over to Dan.
After a few seconds, the phone bleeped.
"Take off dress"
I wasn't shocked, as I should have known this was where we were going to start. I just didn't know where we were going to end up. I showed him the message on the phone, then turned around and took off my dress and hung it on the hook on the door. The old guy was suddenly a lot less suspicious. By now I was blushing all the way down my front, as I stood there in just my bra and panties.
"Take a picture," I said, "and I'll send it to him."
He took a picture and handed me the phone back. I sent the picture, then we stood there silently, waiting for a response.
"Have him take off bra"
I was embarrassed, but I showed him the message. He had me turn around, and unhooked my bra.
"Can you take a picture from back there, so he can see you've done it?"
He took a picture of my back with my bra undone. I took my bra off and hung it up with my dress, and covered my tits with my arms.
I sent the picture to Dan.
"Front"
I knew he wouldn't want to see my arms over my chest, so I handed the old guy the phone, and put my arms down by my sides. He stared at me for a short while, then took a picture of me topless, and I sent it to Dan. I held on to the phone, dreading whatever was going to happen next, but incredibly turned on all the same.
"Have him take off panties, want pictures"
The old guy read the message and grinned at me. I didn't want this old guy touching me like that! I texted Dan back.
"Don't want to"
He quickly replied.
"Yes you do"
I sighed and steeled myself. I told the guy to take my panties down so I could take a picture, and he knelt down in front of me. He put his thumbs in the waist band, and pulled them down my legs, slowly. I took a couple of pictures as he did this, then stepped out of them. I bent down quickly and picked them up and hung them with the rest of my clothes, standing there naked.
I selected a picture of this complete stranger pulling my panties down, and sent it to Dan.
"Pic from him now"
I gave him the phone again, and said "he wants you to take a picture."
He took the picture, and I sent it to Dan. A picture of me standing there, in the men's room stall, naked.
"Pic of him sucking nipples"
I told the guy to suck my nipples. He reached out and pulled on my nipples and hefted my tits before sucking each nipple in to his mouth, and I took pictures while he did. After a minute or so, I had him stop and found a picture to send to Dan.
"Pic of you sucking his dick"
My hands shook when I read this. I guess it's all fun and games until you end up naked with a stranger's cock in your mouth. This was going to end with him cumming, I knew.
I showed the guy the message, feeling like a slut. I gave him the phone, then knelt down in front of him. I couldn't look him in the eyes as I undid his pants and pulled them down. I picked his already hard cock up, stroked it a few times, and put the tip in my mouth. I looked up at him, and he took the picture. I'm used to feeling in control when I'm sucking a cock, and I like it. I couldn't have felt less in control, naked, kneeling on the floor in a men's bathroom, sucking a stranger's cock.
I got up and we sent the picture to Dan, then we stood there and waited for his reply.
"You can do better than that"
Goddamnit. I handed him the phone back, knelt down again and put his cock back in my mouth. I slid my mouth most of the way down his shaft, and he took another picture.
I heard the main door open, and I put my finger to my lips to tell him to keep quiet. I got up again, and sent the picture to Dan, scared to read what I was to do next. I could taste his pre-cum on my tongue. The phone beeped with a new message, and I just hoped the guy using the urinal didn't care about it. Lots of people use their phones on the toilet, right? I've read that.
"Cum on tits"
The guy was happy about this. I was happy about this, as I'd been half expecting to have to suck him off. The guy outside had finished, and was washing his hands while whistling a stupid tune that Dave often whistles. I had a feeling that maybe it was him outside, but it's not like I wanted to open the stall door and take a look.
As quietly as I could, I knelt down and sucked on the old guy's cock for a little while again to get it all wet. I heard the main door bang closed - the guy washing his hands (Dave?) had left. I bobbed my head up and down on the stranger's cock for a few minutes to get this over with as quickly as possible, then took it in my hand and proceeded to jack him off over my tits. There was an awful lot of cum, so I'm guessing it had been a long time. He told me to smile and took a picture of me, covered in his cum, and I sent it to Dan. Surely there wasn't anything else he could humiliate me with?
"Give him a kiss, tell him to be quiet about this and go back to Dave"
I showed the guy the message, then gave him a kiss while taking a picture of the two of us.
I grabbed some toilet paper and wiped my chest clean, then the tip of his cock, and put it away. I threw the paper in the toilet and flushed it.
"Please don't tell anybody," I said.
I sent Dan the picture of me kissing the guy, and then he stood there and watched me get dressed. He asked me to send him the pictures, but I said no. I was so turned on, I was tempted to stay in there and get myself off, but I didn't want him to stand there and watch me. I thought about going to the ladies room, but I'd been away from Dave long enough.
I walked back to Dave and sat down, taking a gulp from my drink. He didn't even notice I'd been gone for like 20 minutes!
I was still really turned on, and it was obvious Dave was going to be watching the football for a while yet. Also, the old guy kept leering at me across the bar. I texted Dan.
"Fucker"
"What now?"
"I'm all horny now, and the old guy keeps smiling at me"
"Cheer up, home with Dave later, and he can fuck you then"
That was a point, but I didn't want to wait that long.
"I want to see you"
"OK, come over"
"I'm here with Dave"
"Ditch him"
Could I? Probably, he wasn't interested in me this evening anyway.
"I'm going to get an Uber and go home," I told Dave, "I'm bored, but you stay and enjoy your game."
He smiled at me, and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "OK, have a good evening, and I'll see you later in the week, OK?"
He'd gone back to his game before I had a chance to say anything, so I texted Dan back.
"Come get me?"
"Where?"
I told him where we were, and he said he'd be there in about 20 minutes.
"Uber says about 20 minutes," I told Dan, who wasn't really listening.
After about 15 minutes, I left and went and stood in the car park to wait for Dan.
As he pulled up, I stuck my thumb out like a hitch hiker and tried to look sexy.
"Hey there little lady, do you need a ride?"
"Oh god, yes," I said, and got in.
As he drove away, I took off my panties, unhooked my bra and pulled the straps over my arms, so I could take it off through my sleeve.
"What do you want to do, and when do you have to go back?" Dan asked.
"I want to fuck you, and I told him I was going home, so I have all night. Getting that old guy off was gross, but it really turned me on."
He drove us to a make out spot. As it was dark, there were several cars there already.
Dan got up and opened the sliding door and got out. I followed him. He pulled me to him, and had his hands under my dress almost immediately, then took it off and threw it into the van.
He walked to the front of the van, and sat on the bumper.
"Here?" I said, and he nodded.
I unbuttoned his jeans and pulled them down, getting his already hard cock out. I spread my legs and reached behind and put his cock on my pussy. I slid backwards and forwards a couple of times to get it wet, then pushed it inside me. God, I needed this after the evening I'd had.
I started grinding on him, but he said he wanted this to last, so I slowed down. A little.
I heard a car door close, and there were a couple coming over towards us. They'd seen us by now, and it's not like I could have stopped even if I wanted to.
The guy asked if they could watch, and I just nodded.
I kept grinding on Dan's cock until I started cumming. When I opened my eyes, I cleaned Dan's cock, then stood up to watch the guy and the girl, who'd taken her dress off while I'd had my eyes closed.
"May we?" asked the guy, and Dan got up. The guy undid his jeans and sat down where Dan had been sitting. The girl pulled her panties off and sat on him, just like I had. She started grinding away on the guy, and it looked really, really hot.
I was stood off to the side, and Dan stood behind me with his jeans down. I put his cock between my legs, and he held on to my tits as I sawed my pussy back and forth across his cock, getting it all wet again.
Dan was playing with my nipples, so I turned around and squat down in front of him, sucking his cock to get him off.
The guy on the van started to cum in his girlfriend, and then Dan started to cum in my mouth. I swallowed and got up. The girl was off her boyfriend, and he was playing with her pussy, trying to make her cum.
Dan was holding me, and we just stood and watched this guy rubbing on his girlfriend, trying to get her to cum. After a while of watching this, I think she gave up and collected her clothes from the front of the van. They walked off back to their car.
We got back in the van and headed to Dan's place. I walked up the stairs naked, and we went inside.