Our children had been in school for a few years when my wife decided to go back to work. She had been in the work force before we started our family. Mindy worked as as Bar Maid in a club down town for two years and was working there when we met.
My wife has a beautiful set of full 36c cup breasts that stand up and out perfectly. They were fully on display the first night I went into the Bar she worked in. I was very turned on she was doing so on the job. She was perfectly comfortable with them on display. She had done so for nearly a year at the time.
There were 3 girls who worked topless in the club and two more who danced nude a couple nights a week. At the time Mindy was dating the club owner and had been for several months. I knew she liked me and on slow nights we talked lots. I slowly got used to her breasts being out bare and it began to seem natural.
The guy she was dating who owned the place was married. And his wife came in to dance naked once in a while. She knew he always had a friend on the side and he'd told her his wife kept a boyfriend too. About a month after I began going there a very sexy beautiful girl came in. She was up dancing when Mindy came by and told me she was Rae, the owners wife. Her tits weren't as good as Mindy's but she was very well put together. And was very sexy.
She danced three times. I saw her give three guys blow jobs and I know she went back to the private room with three different guys. Mindy told me she could have had sex with those guys. Roger the owner took his wife home and Mindy went with me. We had a sand witch and I took her home. I did get a kiss at her door.
A few night after Mindy told me Roger was after her to dance once in a while. One of his girls who danced was very lax about coming in. He was looking for another dancer. Rae came and filled in a few times. The dancers seemed to be sexual after dancing. I ask Mindy if having sex with customers was part of the deal if she danced?
"It isn't required but is expected to keep them coming back."
"So even Rae, does it?"
"No, she does it to piss Roger off. She gives 3 blow jobs and fucks 3 guys every time. Never the same guys."
"So if you dance you have to do it too?"
"He will want me to. One blow job and one fuck."
"You want to be my blow job?"
"No, if we ever do that I would like it in private. But you could take me back to the back room?"
"No, when we do that I want to be able to enjoy that with you."
I was tickled silly she had said when we do that not if. But I was afraid Roger was pushing her toward the dancing thing. As the next week went by it became more likely he was short a dancer. Rae danced several times to fill in. I kept hoping he would get another girl hired. I came in on Friday night and Mindy came over to where I sat
"You may not want to come in tomorrow night?"
"You are dancing?"
My cock stiffened which surprised me.
"I am. I've given in to Roger. He wants me to do it. He says Rae does it so?"
"And a blow job and a fuck?"
"Three and three. I am to double my number of men I have had."
"You have only been with three guys?"
"Yes, and I am to be with twelve guys next week."
"Can you do that?"
"I am not sure? But I guess we will see? How many options do I have?"
"Let's run away and get married?"
"Sure and I can ride the red pony too. Be serious."
I was being serious.
I went in later the next night and Mindy was up on stage. She was naked her pussy on display for all to view. I sat down beside a regular I knew named Brad. He turned to me
"I've had my bare cock up in that sweet little pussy. Wow that is every bit as good as it looks. I got hands and mouth on them sweet tits too while I fucked her."
I never imagined I would be sitting talking to a guy who had just fucked her. Again my cock was very hard. I really didn't think she would do it. She finished her second set and came over to our table to set. She hadn't been there long when a guy I had seen a few times in the club same and took Mindy's hand and lead her toward the back.
"Lucky guy number two will be getting his cock wet soon."
I realized Brad was right Mindy, was being led back to fuck her second guy of the night. We didn't see Mindy until she came out for her third set and danced. And soon after she had finished the set a guy I knew was a good friend of her boyfriend Roger led her off to the back room to be the third guy of the night to fuck her.
Roger came out while they were in back buying drinks and slapping backs.
"How was our new little dancer guys? You'll be seeing her regularly next week boys. And many more of you will get you cocks wet in her soon. Ask Brad, Steve, and Marty about her tonight."
I left before she came back out from her third fuck of the night. I knew she would be going home with Buthead Roger tonight. I was back on Monday night though. She was only a waitress that night. And we chatted. I missed Tuesday night but was back the next. She seemed disappointed I had missed the night before.
"So did you dance last night?"
"Yes, I did."
"And you let the three guys fuck you again?"
"Three more of the regulars yes."
"Do you enjoy it?"
"I have never thought about being a whore, but yes I have kind of enjoyed it. Roger was only my third lover, and now I have been with 6 more guys. Plus Roger has invited Marty home with us the past two nights and had me fuck him with us. I have enjoyed being with the two of them."
"So you are going to dance again tomorrow night?"
"Yes I am."
"And fuck three more guys?"
"Yes I am. But Friday night he wants me to do a special."
"And what is a special?"
"He tells me it is a commitment to the club. He wants me to gang bang on a table for the club. To let the crowd have me completely. Only two girls have ever done it before. And Rae is one of them."
"And you plan to do it for him?"
"I am thinking about it."
"You must really love him?"
"Well, I did or thought I did. But I am not so sure now. I actually have given your offer much thought. But I would guess you were kidding?"
"About running off and getting married?"
"You were kidding weren't you?"
"NO Mindy I love you."
"We ran off Saturday morning and got married. And have been married every since."
Mindy and I have been married for just over ten years and our girls are seven and nine. My wife found a job at a very large grocery store on the edge of town. She interviewed as a cashier and a stock person. A week later they hired her.
Mindy had been working for two weeks when I ask how she liked her new job? She grinned and told me it was not quite as exciting as her last job. I had no response to that. She was right. I had to smile because I felt her body is every bit as good now as it was them.
A few days later she did make an odd comment about her new boss reminding her somewhat of her old one. I found it unusual but ask nothing back. Several more weeks went by and she seemed fine with how things were going. But I ask again.
"The manager reminds me of Roger."
"Oh really, in what way?"
"He acts like I belong to him just like Roger did. I might as well be working for him down there."
"Do you miss working at the club?"
"Yes, I do. I enjoyed it lots. Even the special I did just before we left was exciting. I never expected to feel so special as I did when they took me that way."
"So the manager is fucking you at the store?"
"Yes he began the third day and now he displays me for the stock boys."
"Has he let any of them fuck you yet?"
"Oh yes he started that three weeks ago."
"How many stock boys are there now?"
"Most of them are just 18 year old high school boys but seven are older than that. The seven older boys are all fucking me and ten of the high school have so far. He is moving them around so the rest will be on my shift so the can have me too."
"Are you having fun doing this?"
"Yes, I am enjoying all the attention, but I make less than half what I made at the club. And I loved working topless."
"But you enjoyed dancing even more?"
"Yes I did."
"Have you talked to Roger since going back to work?"
I really did not need to ask her. I knew she and Roger had kept in contact every since she had left the club. He had never stopped fucking my wife. Roger has a huge cock that Mindy loves and the fact it is black is a thing for her. She finally answered me.
"Yes he wants me to come back to work for him. Rae is his main dancer now."
"As a dancer or a waitress?"
"He would like me as a dancer but he needs a waitress too. But I didn't figure you would want me to?"
"He wants you sexually like before?"
"Yes, but he says you can have Rae when you want her."
"And you are ok with that?"
"If I can go back and dance I can live with it."
"How soon can you go back to work?"
"I want to give Norman two months notice."
"And you need to fuck the rest of the stock boys."
"There is that too."