A few weeks passed without another encounter, even though my mind continuously fantasized about Jen's obvious obsession with masturbating while being watched. I couldn't help but wish that I could be there watching as others enjoyed her show.
Several months earlier, we had received an invitation to attend a wedding in downtown Houston. The date had arrived, and we made plans to stay at one of the nicer high-rise hotels near the convention center. We attended the wedding, but the reception was very short and alcohol-free. As we returned to the hotel we decided to go to the roof top lounge and have a few drinks.
We took a table along the railing by the windows looking out over the city. As I looked down, I realized the balcony to our room was only three floors below us in the opposing wing of the building. I could tell because Jen had left her orange running shorts hanging on the railing to dry after we had worked out earlier. I pointed this out to Jen, who seemed puzzled, "I don't remember seeing this bar from our balcony." She said.
"That's because the outside windows are mirrored. You can see out, but no one can see in." I responded. "Ooooh." She said as a smile crossed her lips. She continued looking out the window, deep in thought. She then excused herself to go to the bathroom.
Just as she left, a good-looking couple sat down at the next table over along the windows. The guy had his back to me, but the girl was facing me. I could see she had a very nice figure and her skin-tight top clung to her well-shaped breasts. I could even see a slight outline of her nipples. 'Nice!' I thought to myself as the waiter brought our drinks.
As I took a sip I looked back out the window. To my surprise, the light went on in our room. I found this very strange since we were not in it. I was about to get up and hurry down there when I saw the glass door to the porch slide open and out stepped Jen! She placed a couple items on the coffee table next to the chase lounger and proceeded to walk up to the railing, placing her hands far apart so that her nice breasts were in full view beneath her spaghetti strap top. She stood there for a while, then to my amazement, she reached down and peeled her top straight over her head and replaced her hands on the railing. Now her tits were prominently displayed for the world to see.
"Oh my god!" I heard the girl at the next table whisper to her boyfriend. She was looking down on Jen with her mouth open in shock. I looked back down at the balcony just as Jen raised her right hand to her throat and slowly traced her way down to her right tit. She cupped it as she did the same thing with her left hand. She then moved both her thumbs and forefingers up to grasp her nipples. Slowly tweaking them as she lifted and pressed her tits together. I heard a muffled gasp escape the girl's mouth as she seemed mesmerized by my beautiful wife's show.
Jen released her tits and put her thumbs in the waistband of her skirt and slowly slid it down her hips and stepped out of it. She then walked over to the chase lounge chair and reclined, wearing only a tiny neon yellow G-string that practically glowed in the dim light of the balcony. She reached over and picked up a bottle. Holding it high, she began dribbling out a clear liquid onto her chest and started slowly rubbing it into her gorgeous tits. 'Holy shit!' I thought as I struggled to believe my eyes. Another gasp escaped the girl at the next table, her eyes riveted to the action below.
After a minute or so of rubbing up her tits, she picked up the bottle again and squirted some lubricant directly onto the tiny patch of yellow neon material covering her pussy. Her left hand started rubbing the lube over the material as her right hand reached over to the coffee table. As her hand came back into view, I could see what she picked up. This time I gasped as Jen held up her big purple vibrator, which she quickly moved down between her legs. As her left hand lifted the tiny piece of fabric to the side, she slowly slid the head of the massive dildo between her pussy lips. Her head immediately tilted back as she inched more of the cock inside.
"I don't believe this!" the girl whispered through a distinct shortness of breath. I looked at her. The small nipples I had noticed before were now fully engorged and rock hard, sticking straight out through her shirt as her own excitement was clearly building. I also noticed as she ground her legs together and her body twitched.
Jen continued working the cock in and out, building up a steady and ever-increasing tempo. Her left hand, which had been working her tits, suddenly dropped and began stroking her clit as she rammed the cock in and out of her twat. She was clearly close to cumming as she placed both feet on either side of the lounger and raised her ass off the chair, working the cock and her clit furiously. The tiny patch of neon yellow that had been pushed to the side, reflected light giving the whole scene a strobe effect. The sight was incredible!
"Mmmm!" I heard the girl softly moan, but didn't take my eyes off Jen, who was now thrashing around in the middle of a wild orgasm that seemed to go on forever. She continued to buck up and down for several seconds before settling back in the chair fully impaled on the vibrator. Finally, she slowly began withdrawing the giant dildo. After a brief rest, she staggered to her feet and disappeared back into the room.
I looked up and the couple had left. Just then my phone pinged. 'Order me a vodka martini. Make it a double!' the text read. With a smile, I called over the waiter and placed the order.
A few minutes later, Jen came into the bar and sat back down in her seat just as the drinks arrived.
"That was incredible! There was a couple sitting right behind you that watched the whole thing!" I said excitedly. "I can't believe how easy it is to look down and..." I stopped in mid-sentence as I saw movement on the balcony two floors below ours. It was the couple that had been seated at the next table! "Jen! It's them!" She quickly looked down. The girl had taken up the exact same position that Jen had taken when she first walked out on the deck. Hands spread wide on the rail as her nice tits were on display. The guy then stepped up behind her and lifted her skirt over her back, clearly guiding his cock into her slit, which must have been dripping as he easily slid right in.
I looked over at Jen, who had shifted her body toward the window for a better view. To my amazement, I could see her left hand reflected in the glass. It was under her skirt and in her pussy!
Looking back to the scene below, the girl was holding tightly to the railing as her man grabbed her hips and began pumping in and out. Then, her right hand dropped to her top, which she pulled down under her tits, letting them pop out and up. They immediately began swaying back and forth as the guy increased his assault on her pussy. Still holding the railing with her left hand, she moved her right hand to her clit and began rubbing it. The guy was really going at her and had amazing staying power. I would have cum a long time ago, but he just kept banging her!
I glanced over at Jen. She was rapidly rubbing her pussy, but no longer watching the balcony. Instead, she was looking into the room. I followed her gaze to three guys sitting at the high top a few feet away. They were staring intently at her as she gave them a show. She had swiveled her hips, so they had a direct line of sight up her skirt as her fingers stroked her pantyless clit.
I looked back down just as the guy unloaded in his girlfriend's twat. Both shaking from intense orgasms.
Looking back at Jen, she started cumming on her fingers as the guys' jaws dropped in unison. She clamped her legs together on her hand as her orgasm shook her entire body and she practically fell out of her chair, slowly swiveling back and away from the audience. She panted silently for several seconds as she recovered. "Let's get out of here." She whispered. I signed the check and we got up to leave. The three guys all applauded as we made our way to the elevator.
My cock was rock hard and needed immediate attention. Jen stroked me through my pants on the elevator even though there were several people on with us. Once we reached our floor, I practically dragged her into our room. We began ripping each others' clothes off before the door was even shut. We fell onto the couch and she mounted me, guiding my prick to her sopping pussy lips. Then she simply sank down, engulfing my cock with her warm cunt. She started riding me fast and furious while she held onto the back of the couch and I sucked and squeezed her tits.
It took only seconds before we both came as she plunged down on my cock and ground her clit against my shaft. I emptied my load deep into her hole still thinking of the unbelievable series of events I had just witnessed. Our bodies quaked together for several seconds before she rolled off. We laid entwined on the couch catching our breath. Then we both burst into laughter and spent the rest of the night reliving the entire evening.