In case you haven't read Chapter 1, I would recommend that you read it first though this can be read independently as well.
------------------------------------
Few months after the shooting of the song and the scenes, on a Friday, Anamika got a call from the director and she went in to meet him the next day. The director informed her that the main actress of the movie who had a couple of sex scenes had backed out of it and hence they were going to release this movie under the 'General' rating and not the 'Adult' rating as planned.
Anamika was surprised and shocked and asked him what would happen to the scenes that she had shot. The director looked at her despondently and the answer was pretty clear. He told her that he felt quite bad and it genuinely showed on his face.
He then took a bigger breath and told her that that was not all and he had more bad news and since the main actress wasn't adding the heat to the movie via the sex scenes, she had agreed to shot for the song sequence. The director told her that without her shooting for the song sequence the story did not add up and hence he had to completely remove Anamika's part from the movie.
Anamika couldn't handle this and a tear rolled down her cheek. She asked the director if he could get her another role or started blabbering that maybe she could do the lead role with the sex scenes. The director looked at her apologetically and told her that he will definitely look for a role for her in one of her future movies but that she couldn't pull off an entire movie yet. He apologised once again and told her not to worry and to hold on to his card and reach out back to him if she needs anything and he will definitely reach out to her when he starts his next movie.
Anamika called me up as soon as she left the director's office from her taxi and started crying on the phone. I asked her to come straight to my home and she did and relayed the story to me. I felt very sorry for her and hugged her tight. She cried herself out in my arms for 5 minutes and then she told me that as she had stated earlier she is quitting bollywood. I just hugged her back and supported her and told her that she can do whatever she wants.
Later that night in bed, she asked me if I remembered how they had decided that Anamika was right for bollywood and I told her of-course and showed her the pictures of her from the filmfare awards. Anamika pushed those away and said that not this but how we had decided that she could do all of this and I got what she was talking about and said if she meant the 'Goa Trip'. She nodded her head and snuggled into me more while I started to recall that fateful 'Goa Trip'.
------------------------------------
My two closest friends from college and I planned to visit Goa after our college ended for a few days to celebrate our graduation. Anamika insisted on accompanying me and I had no problems and neither did my friends as all of us used to get along great. Also, which single guys would mind a model accompanying them to Goa. Anamika had by then acted in TVCs as well as walked the ramp for a fashion designer. So, the plan was set, we booked a 2 Bed-room cottage, 1 for my friends and 1 for us for 3 nights. We got there on a Thursday morning and planned to leave by Sunday afternoon.
The cottage that we had booked was right on the beach and was pretty basic in all aspects except the location. There was just 1 bath-room and so the guys gladly gave us that room so that Anamika could get her privacy.
Dhruv, Madhav and I had been friends since our second year in college. Dhruv was a guy's guy and like me a natural talker. Madhav was much more reserved. All three of us boys were fit and handsome. Anamika as you already know was extremely fit with toned abs and was top heavy with her 34C breasts and was about average height for an Indian girl. Her face was round and her cheeks were plump. Her bubbly personality shone through her eyes and in her captivating smile and she styled her hair in the popular fashion made famous by Rachel Green; bangs.
As soon as we reached our cottage, we planned to take a bath, get ready and head onto the beach to start feeling the Goa vibe. Dhruv first went in for a bath and came out in his towel and was a little embarrassed while doing so as Anamika had never seen him like this.
Anamika & I told him that there was nothing to be embarrassed about as we were all friends, all adults and probably going to see a lot of each other this week. (Wow, did we underestimate this statement) He told us that that was true but still could not help himself and went to his room.
Madhav went in next and came out fully dressed as he was the shyest of all of us. Anamika told them that they were all handsome boys and to not worry which further reddened both of them. I took a quick shower and while Anamika went in for her shower, I joined the guys in their room to plan the agenda and to give her some privacy.
The three of us were planning the agenda for the next three days when Anamika got done with her shower and came up to the door of the boy's room in her towel which covered her very well but there's just something extremely sexy about a girl in a towel with her freshly washed hair. She opened the door with one hand while holding onto her towel with the other and asked me to come into our room. The boys checked her out, blushed, and looked away.
I entered our room and closed the door behind me. She told me that she had planned to wear her sexiest dresses, tops, shorts, skirts and swimsuits on the trip but given the level of discomfort of the boys, she wasn't sure and she didn't have any normal clothes other than the one she had worn on the flight in.
I told her not to worry and that this was our trip as well and we should not worry about the boy's reactions and that they will be fine. While saying this, I could not resist her cute face and gave her a wet sloppy kiss and pulled her towel down. She shouted at me and told me that I am a dog while re-tying her towel.
She pushed me out of the room and after pushing me out of the room, she stood in the door-way with her hands raised on the doors, ready to close it and told us to find a good shack to hang out this afternoon. In this position, we could see her lovely toned arms and her smooth armpits and it was hard not to wish for her towel to come undone as her hands were on the door and probably would not be able to get back in time to save her modesty. The boys just got a little more uncomfortable, adjusted their shorts and looked away. I told them that it was ok and not to be worried, we are all adults here as she closed the door.
Anamika came out wearing a white light cotton off-shoulder crop-top with just 2 inch sleeves that was held over her bust by an elastic band and reached just till her navel. The lower part of the top also had an elastic so if she stretched a lot more of her midriff would be exposed. She had paired this with a pair of very short blue cotton shorts. She looked amazing and all three of us were stunned seeing her in this dress. She gave a wry smile and jokingly thanked the three of us for appreciating her, gave us a naughty wink while putting on her sunglasses and walked out
As we entered a nearby shack, we realised that Anamika was definitely one of the hotter girls in there as she got a glance up-and-down from everyone. We sat down on a table out front next to a loud group.. We ordered a couple of shisha, 4 'kings' beer, and some food. We sat down from Right to Left, me, Anamika, Madhav & then Dhruv and next to Dhruv was the loud group which had five hot girls who were sitting in their bikini tops and skirts and a couple of guys. The vacation was off to a good start!
Anamika was sitting on the lazy chair with her feet on the chair's edge and she had sunk into the chair. I couldn't help staring at her legs and she noticed that and hit me hard on my arm and asked me to stop being a Dog. I laughed, said ok and ordered more beers as we had polished off the first round of beers even before the shisha arrived.
The waiter came back with our beers and our sheesha and eyed up Anamika. We were having a nice relaxing afternoon, the sun was good, the beer was chilled, and the scenery was beautiful outside and sexy inside the shack. I noticed both Dhruv & Madhav staring occasionally at Anamika's legs but I couldn't blame them for that.
Anamika had noticed as well and had texted me the same and I messaged her what else do you expect them to do. She said not to stare at my legs and try to talk with the girls on the next table. I told her that everyone is always interested in #1 and that was Anamika. She blushed and gave me a naughty smile. I knew I was hitting the right notes and would get rewarded later that night.
After a couple of beers, Anamika was feeling it and told the guys that let me show you something. She asked me to take a big drag of the shisha and to let the smoke out in her mouth. I did as told and she twisted herself towards me and sucked in the smoke with our lips locked wide. Boy, what a sight we would have been and I saw Madhav's eyes about to pop out of their socket.
As she uncoiled herself away from me back into her chair, she blew out the smoke. During her twist towards me, the lower part of her top had risen and was almost all the way below her breasts leaving her entire tummy bare. I could only wonder what a lovely view it would have been for Madhav and Dhruv.
She didn't adjust her top back and I could see both the boys eyeing her up more than the bikini clad girls on the next table. As we finished up our third beer, Anamika got up to go to the wash-room and when she came back she had adjusted her top back. But, before sitting down in her chair again, she gave me a kiss on my cheek while bending down which gave all of us a short but hot view of her cleavage. While giving me a kiss, she thanked me for this trip but I turned to look into her eyes and thanked her for being my girl-friend.
It was 5 pm now and we were discussing what to do whether to go and relax in our cottage or go for a swim. Anamika was silent and the boys were of the opinion that let's go and relax before we head out to one of the famous Goan clubs. I wanted to go swim and so I asked Anamika what she wanted to do. She said she had brought 4 swimsuits and she definitely wanted to try them all, so she wanted to go swim. Hearing her wanting to swim, both the boys agreed to go for a swim.
We got to our cottage and after we boys changed, we headed outside and sat in the small garden with our beers while Anamika got ready. She came out just as we were about to get done with our beer. She was wearing a long floral cover-up. It was tied around her bust with a small clip. It left her shoulders and arms bare and reached all the way to the ground. We walked down to the beach with our towels, and bags in tow and settled just a bit ahead of our earlier shack.
We took off our tees and Anamika removed the top clip and the cover-up fell down revealing her swim-suit. As she knelt down to get out of the cover-up, all three of us were presented with the lovely view of her luscious breasts. Oh, what a sight it was, we could see the inner curves of her breasts plunging into darkness. While she was bent down, she took a quick glance up and noticed all three of us staring before she stepped out of the cover-up.
Her swim-suit was a white one-piece with black cross-linings across the front. It had 1-inch straps and a slightly plunging neckline which just exposed the swell of her breasts. The back was well-covered but left no doubts as to the shape of her ass.
The ocean was a bit rough and so it was not easy walking into the ocean for a swim. Anamika was stumbling a bit and as I was helping her wade through the water with Dhruv ahead of us and Madhav behind us. Along came a strong wave which almost swept her away but Madhav got her just in time and helped her up by supporting her from behind with his body and helping her steady herself with his hands around her waist. His strong hold on her love handles was innocent enough but the look on his face gave away the fact that he was enjoying helping her.
Anamika steadied herself and we waded till she was about chest deep into the ocean and enjoyed the push-pull of the waves. She got pushed into me multiple times and I could feel the soft firmness of her breasts on my arms and back which I enjoyed very much. She got pushed into Dhruv & Madhav as well a couple of times in the rough sea and I am sure they enjoyed it just as much.
As the sea started getting rougher, Anamika wrapped her legs around my waist and hung onto me like a koala bear on a tree. The four of us were enjoying the lovely setting sun and discussing the beauty that is Goa. I turned to appreciate the beauty that was holding onto me and she looked deep into my eyes. I was enraptured and tilted my head gently to kiss her lips which were waiting for me. We kissed for a few seconds, caught in the romantic setting, blissfully unaware of everything around us. Dhruv, the loudmouth, coughed loudly saying 'Get a Room' bringing us back to the real world. I abused him for ruining our moment but Anamika got a little embarrassed after our PDA and climbed off of me and we headed back to the beach.
I knew that both the boys would want to check Anamika out while she was drying up, I turned away so that they needn't be cautious of me. I saw through the corner of my eyes as Dhruv looked down her front again when she knelt to dry her legs and Madhav stared at the lovely shape of her ass and her legs from behind. After drying up, we headed back to the cottage to get ready for the evening. All of us went in for the second bath of the day and changed into our evening clothes.
The boys were in shorts and a nice beachy shirt (all of us). Anamika was back in her morning clothes. We walked out to the beach to figure out which of the shacks we should head into and turned back to the one in the morning as it looked like it had a party going on with lots of people inside and music blaring. We walked in and really felt the bass of the music so we sat down at one of the last few available tables out by the corner.
We placed our standard order of beer, shisha and some finger food and reflected on the amazing day that we had. After about a half hour of having some food and consuming a couple of beers, Anamika being a fantastic dancer was really feeling the tempo so we headed onto the dance floor. We danced real close with her arms around my neck and my hands on the lower part of her exposed back while we grooved to the music.
We got a couple of soft lovely kisses in and were really getting into the music. I took her hand and twirled her a couple of times which exposed a lot of her belly before turning her away from me so that her amazing butt was nestled against my groin. We were grinding on the busy dance floor, my hands were alternating from the side of her waist to her soft belly and she was alternating between caressing my head and beating her hands to the sound of the music.
Anamika noticed that Dhruv & Madhav were staring at us very intently so she twisted around and gave me a kiss on my cheek and asked me if she should dance with my friends as well? I saw them and noticed their horny looks and answered her in the affirmative but to not be very naughty. She replied that she is what she is and I smiled. I loved her exactly because of these fast comebacks. She again twisted towards my ear and I thought that she wanted to speak something knelt further when she seductively rolled her tongue in my ears and bit on my earlobe knowing that I couldn't resist that. I got a shiver and the naughtiness wasn't lost on my friends who averted their eyes but only for a second.
Her twists and my twirls of her and caused her top to roll up further and now her entire belly was exposed which I was having a fun time playing with. She then told me that as it is I should be worried about the boys not behaving. She told me she had seen them checking her out when she was drying herself up and even right now they seemed to have eyes only for her.
She then waved at them and called them onto the floor. They refused initially and she told me to go and send them back. I went off the dance floor and told them to go and dance with her but one after the other as I didn't want to be bored alone. Dhruv seized the opportunity and went ahead and Madhav & I continued on with our beers and shisha while keeping an eye on them. They danced close and seemed to be having fun and laughing often. Soon, they came back arm in arm with Anamika's arm around Dhruv's back and his hand around her back and his palm resting on Anamika's belly. Her other hand was on top of his which meant that she was fine with this intimate touch.
The touch was not lost on Madhav as well as I saw him looking straight at that. I didn't think too much knowing how free and affectionate both of them are. The way they were walking back to us, I was sure Dhruv was getting a good feel of her bosom as well.
Madhav & I were facing the dance floor and sitting on the front two chairs of the table and on reaching our table, Dhruv took Anamika's hand above the two of us without letting it go. This gave both Madhav & me wonderful views of her belly and escorted her around our chairs to the two back chairs and both of them collapsed in their respective chairs. Anamika took her beer and chugged the entire beer down and said that she was tired and needed a break.
We ordered another round of beers as they were sweating because of the dance. The dance definitely seemed to have broken the ice between them and they were engaging in a conversation just as comfortably as what Anamika and I have. I was happy to know that my friends were getting along with my girlfriend. As it got to closing time, we headed back to our cottage quite drunk and very happy.
Anamika went to our room and collapsed on our bed while I was talking with the boys figuring out plans for the next day. She shouted from the other room and asked us to make plans in our room so that she can partake in the conversation.
We walked in to our room and the only place to sit was on the bed so Anamika turned to her side on her elbow, Madhav sat near the head of the bed with his back to the bedrest and Dhruv sat near the foot of the bed on his knees so that he was kneeling onto the bed on his elbows. I sat in the middle of the bed and used Anamika for support by leaning onto her.
Dhruv had without a doubt a wonderful view of Anamika's legs and since she had curled one of her legs to be on top of the other, he had a wonderful view up her shorts as well though he couldn't see much since the shorts were tight. The boys just wanted to hang around on this beach and do some water sports while Anamika & I wanted to go to South Goa as the beaches there were supposed to be even prettier. So, it was decided that the next day we would hang around this beach and the day after go to South Goa. None of us were interested in casinos, so we decided to skip that but planned to go to some of the famous clubs the next two nights as they were sure to be thumping with it being the weekend.
They changed and went to their room after calling it a day. I changed to my boxers and my t-shirt. Anamika went to change and came out in one of my t-shirts which reached her mid thigh and just her panties. She snuggled up to me and I hugged her tight and felt her amazing body pressed up against me. She spoke in my ear that my friends were wonderful but they were checking her out real hard.
I told her that I had noticed as well and asked her if it made her uncomfortable. She said that she was fine but wasn't sure how I felt. I told her that I was absolutely fine as well and was happy that she was fine as this would be the state of affairs if she was to reach her aim of being an actress. She told me she would have to do a whole lot more if she wanted to be an actress and said that she will show it to me.
She put on a devilish smile and sucked in my earlobe and swished around with her tongue. I put my hand on top of her boobs and gently squeezed her young soft boobs. She turned around and got on top of me and kissed me hard on my lips while straddling me. We kissed deep and long and I reached around her and removed her t-shirt to free her lovely breasts. I was playing with her breasts while she was kissing me deeply and she was grinding her panty clad ass on my cock. Her grinding and her tongue sucking got me on edge and I flipped her onto her back, removed her panties and my shorts.
I slowly penetrated her soft wetness while sucking on her nipples. Her hands pulled my head in tighter and we got into a nice and slow rhythm. Her eyes were closed enjoying my complete hardness in her. After a good 5 minutes of fucking, she pulled me into herself more urgently and wrapped her legs tightly around my butt. I increased my speed and she pulled my head off her breasts and kissed me deep. Her tongue was deep in my throat and I sucked on it hard while pushing into her with even more urgency.
Her body stiffened as a complete wave of orgasm passed through her. She relaxed the hold of her legs and I let go of the kiss. She opened her eyes and looked deep into mine with a lot of affection. I asked her to turn around and got her into the doggy position as I re-entered her from the back. I started fucking her long and hard and the sounds of our thighs slapping together were reverberating in the room. She told me to be a little quiet but I was too elevated to care. I was pulling her into me by holding her lovely soft ass and she was also pushing into me with each stroke. After another five minutes, we both orgasmed together and I flooded completely into her. We both crashed into the bed with me on top of her and my cock still in her wet and sloppy pussy.
After catching our breath, we got up and cleaned up in the bath-room and then got back to bed. We slept naked with her ass grinding in my groin and one of my arms below her and stretched out with our fingers intertwined and the other arm above her cupping her breast and her hand on top of it. Given that we slept off in this position, it was no wonder that I woke up with a morning boner. However, since we were woken up by the boys wanting to go to the wash-room, Anamika put on the t-shirt and her panties and covered herself up with the blanket and I put on my t-shirt and boxer and opened the door.
We lazed around the entire morning and ordered breakfast from the neighborhood restaurant. Same as the previous day, the boys got ready first and then Anamika went in for her bath. We were chilling in the boy's room when she came out. She was wearing a one-piece black swim-suit paired with blue jeans short shorts which were just as short as the previous day and showed her beautiful long legs. The black swim-suit was a high neck one which didn't show any cleavage. She had left her long hair open so while we couldn't really see her back, from the looks of it, her swim-suit was backless as parts of her fair skin were visible through her hair.
Anamika headed out and we followed her and all three of us had to put on our sunglasses as we were staring at her pretty hard trying to figure out if it indeed was backless. She knew this and did a half turn towards us, smiled and continued on. This turn caused her hair to move to one side and it confirmed our suspicion. However, that was not all, the swimsuit was daringly cut at the side as well and if she wasn't careful her side boobs would be on display too.
It was mid-day by now, so we planned to go to a nearby shack and chill before going onto the beach for water sports in the evening. We had some beers and smoked some shisha.. Dhruv insisted that Anamika & I do the smoke swap thing again. She and I both realised the real reason for Dhruv's insistence - to get a clearer view of her lovely back. She said sure and while doing so she extracted a hair pin from her pocket and tied her hair up so that it just fell till her shoulder line. She then turned towards me, and I am pretty sure both of them got a pretty good view of her side boobs and her back from the way they stared.
When Anamika uncoiled herself, I was turned on as this time she had not just locked lips but also licked my mouth with her tongue. The boys also looked away and adjusted themselves from the wonderful view of her smooth and creamy back. Anamika looked straight ahead, giving us all time to cool down.
The shack had a pool table and a dart-board in the back that were free to use, so we headed that way to play a few games of pool. The game room was separated from the main shack by a door. Dhruv was a pro at it, Madhav & I were amateurs and Anamika was playing it for the first time so we paired up: Dhruv & Anamika and Madhav & I.
Dhruv was explaining the rules of the game to Anamika, so Madhav & I went back to our table to get a couple of drags of the shisha and to get our beers here. As we were getting back, our waiter asked us if we wanted to move the shisha near the pool table. We told him that that would be great so he grabbed the shisha and followed us. As we entered the door, we were greeted by a view that gave us all an instant hard-on.
Dhruv was teaching Anamika how to shoot and so she was bent down from the waist on the table with her back parallel to the table and her soft boobs were very gently squished which led to some extra side boob to be visible from her suit. He was in a similar position on top of her and teaching her how to aim. From our viewpoint, it looked like his groin was settled in her ass and his entire upper body and arms were on top of her bare back and her arms. Even after seeing us, they didn't stop what they were doing so I guessed that there wasn't anything naughty going on as neither of them had even a shade of guilt on their faces.
However, seeing them in position, Madhav uncharacteristically spoke out that he wanted to teach her as well and Anamika realised the position that they were in and got up and started laughing. Madhav got embarrassed at how loudly and perversely that came out. After a little bit more of her training, we started the game.
We won the first game and they won the next and it went down to the wire in the last game with all of the balls pocketed and only the black ball remaining. By this time, there was quite a bit of sledging going on and Anamika was giving me a very hard time.
The order of play was Dhruv followed by me followed by Anamika and then Madhav. He tried to pocket the black ball but failed.
The black ball was now right near the corner pocket and the white ball near the other corner on the same side. It was a pretty simple shot for me.
Just as I cued up to hit the shot, out of the corner of my eye, I saw Dhruv & Anamika talking about something and just as I turned to see what they were doing, she kissed him on the cheek open-mouthed with her tongue and I accidentally took the shot which got the white ball to within a centimetre of the black ball but the black ball did not get into the corner pocket.
Seeing this, she jumped with joy and started making fun of me only for me to realise that this was a tactic on her part. I was angry, she was happy, Dhruv was absentmindedly running his hand on his cheek and Madhav was just confused. She said All's fair in Love and War and walked up to take her shot and won the tie-breaker game.
Pretty soon, it was evening and so we headed onto the beach. The shop on the beach had water scooters available for hire. The three of us removed our tees and Anamika bent down and removed her jeans shorts. The lower part of the swim-suit was cut high around the waist and was very revealing. Indian women typically wear swim-suits that have an extra layer around the bottom as most women aren't comfortable with the potential of a camel toe or a butt show. However, her swimsuit showed the lovely shape of her butt and left a little bit bare at the bottom.
Anamika & I got onto one water scooter and the boys on the other one. Dhruv and I were driving the water scooter and just as we started, having no experience of a water-scooter, we accelerated real hard. This led to both Anamika & Madhav to almost fall off the respective scooters. We had the water scooters for about 30 minutes and it was fun criss-crossing and riding the waves. She held tightly onto me from the back.
After about 15 minutes, she asked me to stop. Seeing us stop, they came next to us and Anamika told them that Madhav & I should get a chance to drive as well. They were quite cagey initially but after 15 minutes both of them had seemingly bolded up. I told her that we would need to head to the shore to change positions but she insisted that Dhruv & I could just jump in the water and get on the back of each other's scooters while Madhav and she scooted ahead in the seats.
Before, I could say that we could just get back on our own scooters, Dhruv had jumped in and was swimming towards our scooter, so I went ahead and did the same. So, now it was Anamika riding our scooter and Dhruv behind her and Madhav riding the other scooter with me behind him. She asked Dhruv to hold on tight, winked at me and started the scooter. He held onto her love handles and they took off. Madhav was having a challenging time riding the scooter but Anamika was in a zone of her own.
Pretty soon, they were far from us and since Madhav was driving the scooter like a 60 year old, I was able to focus on what the other two were up to. It seemed that Dhruv was snuggling up to Anamika on the pretext of not falling off. From our viewpoint, it looked like he was really enjoying her smooth and supple back. She later told me she could feel him getting hard and that he had "accidentally" felt her up.
We came back to the beach after the ride and laid down to get some sun. Anamika smeared some suntan cream on her back and asked me to spread it so that she doesn't get a burn. I spread the cream on her back and as she was laying on her stomach, her side-boobs were visible so I took the liberty of applying there as well. She looked at me half angrily and half naughtily from the side of her eye but did not stop me and laid back down. Both the boys were staring and looked away once I finished oiling her up. We chilled at the beach with a few drinks and spent a couple of hours there with the wonderful natural beauty of both Goa and Anamika.
As the sun set, we headed to the cottage to get ready and head to a night-club which Goa is quite famous for. Dhruv took a bath and got ready and then Anamika insisted that she go before me and Madhav so that she gets time to apply make-up before everyone is ready.
She took a bath and again came out in a towel. However, this time neither the boys nor she were perturbed.
She was again standing in the door-way and Madhav walked up to her and casually asked her if he could go for a bath. She turned sideways and told him to be her guest and he moved past her through the narrow passageway, careful to not rub into her.
Anamika called me to our room and she had 2 dresses laid out: a white backless short dress and a gray woven floor-length dress which had slits on both of her legs all the way till her waist. It left her shoulders bare as it was a halter dress but even though her breasts were completely covered given the stretchy fit of the material nobody was left guessing as to the shape and size of her breasts. There was about a 2 inch wide rectangle cut-slit on the back till her waist and a similar slit in the front till the swell of her breasts. I asked her to go for the gray one as the white one looked more like a morning dress.
She agreed and changed into it and after all of us got ready we headed to the club. The club was thumping and as we got inside after paying the 2 stag charges and 1 couple charge, we headed to the bar to get our drinks. Soon afterwards, we were drinking and dancing and Dhruv started talking to one of the girls sitting next to us. They went on the floor for a dance and got hot and heavy there. Dhruv came back to us and asked if we could leave as the girl we were with was ready to put out now. Madhav and I glared at him but Anamika was all for it and encouraged him to leave and have fun and we will come back in about an hour or so so that they can get their space.
The three of us were partying in the club and roaming around the various zones that they had and reached a zone which was making a lot of noise. It looked like a game show where the participants would be given dares and on completion they got prizes ranging from free shots, to goodies to 10K in cash.
The dares seemed to be fun enough and so Anamika and I enrolled for the competition. There were a total of 5 couples participating in this round and in turn all of us had to take a chit out from the bag, the couple taking the chit out had to do double the dare and the others had to do what was written. If someone baulked out they were out of the game. We picked numbers and Anamika and I were number 2.
The first couple pulled a chit out which said that the girl had to kiss a guy for 30 seconds. It was very curiously worded but we didn't read too much into it. It meant that the first couple had to kiss for 60 seconds while the rest of us for 30 seconds. There were 5 of us couples surrounded by some 50 people and all of them had their mobile phones out to record which embarrassed quite a lot of us.
As, we started to kiss the couple #4 dropped off 5 seconds into it as the girl got nervous with all the people shooting the scene. However, Anamika got really turned on with the audience and pulled me in deeper into her mouth as she almost ripped out my tongue. Time was called and we thought that 4 couples remained.
However, the presenter approached the first couple and asked them if they were ready for the second kiss. Both of them looked back at him confused and told them that all numbers became double so the girl had to kiss another guy for 60 seconds. All of us now realised the reason behind the original statement and ooh-ed as couple #1 walked off. This led to just 3 of us couples remaining and it got serious fast.
The six of us won a shot each which all of us took then to help with our nerves. We were to draw a chit next and Anamika drew and it read "You have to convince some one person from the crowd to take one body shot off of you". Anamika and I discussed and this meant that either I had to convince two people from the crowd or she had to and if I was unsuccessful we would lose.
I was a little apprehensive but she had a very naughty twinkle in her eyes and said that she would do it. 100s of hands from the crowd went up and she decided that an easy out would be for Madhav to take a body shot and another from a stranger.
The first couple up for the body-shot wasn't us but couple #3 and they chose Madhav. The girl was wearing a LBD with a glorious view of her cleavage. She laid on the table and the MC stepped up with Madhav and gave her a lemon slice to hold between her lips and applied salt on her neck. He called Madhav up and poured a generous shot of tequila over her exposed boobs.
He then pushed Madhav's head in her cleavage and he started lapping up the drink with his tongue and biting and kissing her exposed boobs. It was an extremely sexy sight and the girl was giggling like a mad woman. Seeing the woman enjoying the moment, the MC pulled up Madhav and poured some more tequila over her boobs. Madhav jumped back into her cleavage and sucked the soft flesh of her boobs deeply. Seeing this, couple #5 walked off the stage.
Madhav then moved up from her cleavage to the girl's neck and sucked salt like he was giving her a hickey and just as he was moving in for a kiss, the girl's significant other pulled him back from the back of his t-shirt and said that that was enough.
Anamika was a little apprehensive looking at how far it went and I pointed out that don't worry, your dress makes it impossible to get this hot and if she finishes the body shots we get the full reward. She agreed and called up Madhav for the first shot, the crowd started booing as did the MC. The MC joked that there are 100 hungry people and you'll feed the 1 person who is already full!
Anamika asked for a shot which the MC handed to her and then she went and laid on the table and told the MC that he can choose the 2 people. The MC went into the crowd and picked two nerdy looking boys. Given her dress, the MC told her that the boys will be taking shots of her legs and they'll do it simultaneously. She was relieved that it would be over soon since both would take it together and she laid back. The MC rearranged her dress so that her full legs were exposed by the slits in her dress.
He called up the two boys, gave Anamika a lemon slice in her mouth and applied salt on both sides of her neck. He used whipped cream to create a well of sorts on her legs and then poured in tequila in the wells. Both the boys sucked in the tequila and then took 30-45 seconds to slowly lap the whipped cream with their tongues.
The MC had applied the whipped cream on her upper thigh so their heads were rubbing against her lower tummy as they enjoyed kissing her sexy legs. One of the boys as he finished the shot, licked her entire inner thigh almost till the edge of her dress. It almost looked like he was pleasuring her orally. They moved up in sync and kissed her neck and sucked salt off her neck like they were giving her a hickey just like Madhav.
They then took turns in taking the lemon from between her lips and both of them kissed her for about 10 seconds in the process. While earlier the girl was laughing like a mad woman which kept the proceedings hot but light. This time, the scene got extremely hot and there was a visible tension in the air with about a 100 people observing the proceedings.
Anamika tried to get up but the MC reminded her that all numbers were double so they still had another shot each. She looked at me and I could figure out that she was turned on as well and I gave her a comforting smile. I guess it helped her because she laid back down.
This time the MC asked her to spread her legs a little which she did and he created a well slightly towards the centre. She looked extremely wanton with her legs spread and a stranger decorating her. He additionally drew two short 1-inch lines of whipped cream on her exposed skin on her belly.
The boys went in for the shot, they were sucking on her inner thigh because of the placement of the shot. The bold boy this time used his hands on her legs to keep them separated and in the process was groping her lovely thighs as well as feeling the heat of her mound over her panties. Anamika did not protest but as soon as he moved his head towards her panties, she pushed him away.
The other boy was already licking the whipped cream off her belly and as soon as he was done the bold boy jumped in. He sucked her navel button before cleaning her belly of the whipped cream. He stood up to give everyone a clear view that there was no whipped cream and then again knelt down to kiss her belly with his tongue and kissed her till the edge of her dress just below her lovely boobs just because he could.
This was getting way further and hotter than what we had imagined.
In-sync they again started kissing her neck to get the salt in their mouths and both of them had their hands on her shoulder for support as they sucked her neck loudly. They then took turns kissing her and this time there was no pretense that they were doing it to get the lemon slice since she had already spit it out.
Each of them kissed her for about 30 seconds and she also pulled them into her with her hand. It was a supremely sexy sight. As they stood up, it was pretty clear that she had hickeys on both sides of her neck and the MC made it a point to tell everyone about that. He also used this opportunity to tell everyone to come back to the club every time they were in Goa and they might get lucky the next time!
All four of us won the tee-shirts with the club branding because of completing this dare. She came up to me and hugged me and I could see she was quite high and had a glazed look in her eyes. I told her surely this was all that she had to do to fulfill her dream of becoming an actress. She smiled and said probably.
Madhav came up to us and high-fived Anamika for her guts and boldness. She in turn high-fived him and congratulated him on going to town with the other girl. As the atmosphere calmed down, the MC came back on the stage and handed us the reward of Rs.10,000 and a tequila bottle for winning the competition. He introduced himself as Anmol and handed Anamika a card and told her that if she ever has any need in Goa or in the entertainment industry to reach out to him. She passed the card to me.
The three of us walked back hand in hand to our shack. Anamika walked between Madhav and me and all of us took turns sharing the tequila. On reaching our shack, we noticed that it was locked and made an entry through the window in our bed-room so as not to disturb Dhruv's lucky night.
As Anamika went in for a change, Madhav asked me what just happened and I told him that she wanted to be an actress and she needed to be comfortable with her sexuality and this was just it. He couldn't believe me but I told him the same thing that as long as she doesn't cheat, I am the lucky one to get someone as hot as her. Madhav agreed that I definitely was lucky and tonight so was he but he could have been luckier if the MC allowed him to have the body shot of Anamika as well.
While he was saying this, Anamika was in the bathroom doorway and overheard him and snuggled into Madhav from behind and told him that he could still be, kissed him lightly on the cheek and laughed before getting on the bed. She was apparently just wearing my t-shirt again which left a lot of her legs exposed. Madhav and I changed and I got into bed with Anamika while Madhav slept on a mattress on the floor next to our bed.
I turned off the lights.
We could hear Dhruv and the girl going at it and hearing those sounds, we realised that it meant the boys would have heard us the previous night. For some reason, I couldn't resist the thought of the boys listening in and started groping and kissing Anamika under the blanket. She got aroused and said that she needed me in her.
I told her that Madhav was right there and she said that you should have thought of that before turning me on.
She got on top of me, removed her top and threw it to Madhav just in case he wasn't facing our way. She gently sat down on my hardness and bobbed a couple of times till I was completely in her and started riding me. We were still covered by the blanket but with each movement the blanket was slipping off of her.
After a couple of minutes the blanket was completely off her. Since the only light in the room was coming in from outside, I was sure he couldn't see much but would definitely be able to see her silhouette and in the silhouette her lovely boobs.
I started sucking her boobs while she rode me which caused her to start moaning.
She was on a high and she twisted such that she could look right at Madhav. He started touching himself and looking at that she turned to inform me. I told her what else can be expected and she agreed.
She again turned towards him while I had her breast that was away from him in my mouth and called him close with her finger and started kissing him by holding his head in her hands.
She was giving him open mouthed kisses with her tongue snaking out to run over his lips which was quite nasty. Madhav got his tongue out and they both tongue lashed open mouthed and then she started sucking his tongue like she was giving him a blowjob.
Madhav had kept his hands to himself so far but he couldn't anymore and he brought one hand up to her other boob and started playing with it and the other hand was groping her ass.
She then pushed his head with her hands down to the other boob and he started sucking on it as well. She in the mean-time got her hands around the tequila and took a shot and then poured some over her body for both of us to drink. She was still riding me and the two of us were drinking tequila mixed with the saltiness of her body as we continued to suck her nipples. She was enjoying the feeling and moaning quite loudly.
Madhav moved his fingers to her mouth and she started devouring them. I couldn't believe that we were doing this. He moved his other hand to his pants and removed them and then he started pleasuring himself again.
Anamika opened her eyes and saw his thick hard cock and then she came as hard as I had ever seen her orgasm. She completely latched onto me and dug her nails into my back to a point that it was painful. Her lower lips tightened around my cock and she began convulsing as her orgasm started..
Madhav was pushed aside and he was just observing the sight of her orgasm while he continued to pleasure himself.
I was not yet done so I was still inside her and pumping slowly into her as waves of pleasure washed over her for about a minute.
She regained her senses as soon as she stopped orgasming and looked towards Madhav who was fisting himself and then towards me. I smiled but she just started sobbing into me loudly. I stopped pumping into her and just gently stroked her head.
Madhav stopped pleasuring himself and in-stead covered himself up. He then stood up and covered us with the blanket and put Anamika's t-shirt on our bed before going into the bathroom to give us privacy. He was a true friend and a gentle-man.
I soothed her and told her that it was fine and tried my best to calm her down. She calmed down and got off me and we put on our clothes. She told me that she wasn't sure what happened and I convinced her not to worry as it was a spur of the moment and all of us were equally to blame.
She was still worried about the impact it would have on our relationship and on Madhav and my friendship. I tried my best to console her.
She then worried about what impression would Madhav have of her after today, surely he would think that she is a slut. Madhav must have been listening in from the bathroom because he walked in then and told her to not worry, that that's not what he thinks. It is just something that happened in the heat of the moment building up on what I was already telling her.
We were able to convince her after a few minutes and she then went to the bathroom to freshen up. Madhav spoke before I could and told me that there was nothing to worry about and he won't tell another person. Given the silence in our room, we could again hear Dhruv and the girl going at it and we just looked at each other and laughed when Anamika entered.
She now had paired my t-shirt with a boxer and looked very cute. I went into the bathroom to clean up and Anamika thanked Madhav and gave him a hug for being a good guy. He thanked her for being a good friend.
All of us got back to bed and Anamika cuddled into me and I asked her if now she could see herself as an actress. She looked me in the eye and told me maybe if she had not freaked out and then went to sleep with her head on my chest. Madhav and I slept off as well with blue balls and it seemed like Dhruv and the girl had slept off as well.
------------------------------------
Back to the current moment, Anamika was in a similar pose with her head on my chest. She seemed to have fallen asleep while thinking about Goa. I saw her body gently expand and contract with each breath and slept off with a boner from the recollection of our Goa Trip. I couldn't continue thinking about the Goa Trip as I was sure if I continued I would need some relief but would get none since Anamika had already slept off.