It all started at the beginning of the spring, when my girlfriend Leigh and I moved into a new neighborhood in our southern town. Both the house and the neighborhood were definitely a step up for us. We were just out of college and moved from a small town home next to campus on the other side of town to a pretty affluent neighborhood with larger lots. We were both on starter salaries but my parents had funded the new purchase. We were definitely the youngest people in the neighborhood by a good 10 years.
I had designs on proposing soon, but I wasn't necessarily in a rush.
I'm Ted, I'm pretty tall and lanky at around 6'3". Good friends describe me as "goofy". I was a decent athlete in high school, but I'm definitely not in the shape I was in back then. Leigh, on the other hand works out relentlessly. She ran track in college and could still easily be a fitness model. Some people drink 4-5 beers to unwind, she runs 4-5 miles. It doesn't matter if she's sick, if she's on vacation, or if she's completely slammed at work. She always makes time to work out. It's almost annoying.
Leigh has a great body. As you'd imagine from all the working out, her ass is damn near perfect. She's got a flat, toned stomach, but not really a six-pack. Her boobs are small C's and are as perky and flawless as the day we met when she was 19. Her looks are stunning, green eyes, auburn hair, and tan skin. She's incredible.
She's smart too, book smart at least. She's not exactly what I would call "street smart." It's not that she doesn't have common sense, but she can be gullible at times, and her desire to always see the best in people make her very trusting of almost everyone. She tends to take what people say at face value. As you'll see, that leads to some of the misadventures described in this story.
We'd met in college, and Leigh was always a "free spirit", but never a slut.
A few days after we moved in, we were outside doing some yard work. The new neighborhood seemed to have some pretty high standards for landscaping, and the previous owner had neglected this aspect a bit. While we were working, 2 cyclists rode by that looked like a couple. They stopped to talk to us, and we found out their names were Jim and Steph, and they lived on our street at the top of the hill. It was great to meet new folks, and they were "young" for this neighborhood, I estimated mid 30s. Before riding on, they invited us to a bbq at their house the next evening, an invitation we gladly accepted as we were eager to make friends.
When we arrived the next night, there were three couples there including us, plus Nick, a single guy who lived across from Jim and Steph, and looked to be about their age. The third couple was older, maybe late 40s. I'm terrible with names and don't even remember their names- they were nice but didn't say a lot. We got drinks and then went outside on the patio where Jim was grilling.
Leigh, being so into fitness, was curious about how Jim and Steph had gotten into road cycling, and much of the conversation centered around that. It turns out that both Jim and Nick competed in triathlons. This if course fascinated Leigh, and she was asking all kinds of questions about it. I could see she was interested in the idea.
"It's the ultimate test of will," Nick said. "Your only opponent is yourself, and you have to stack 3 intense disciplines, swimming, cycling and running. It's all about stretching your body to the limit and seeing how much you can take." My first impression of Nick is that he was a good enough guy but a little full of himself.
"That's right, and this is the year I catch up to you, buddy," said Jim.
"Yeah right, Jim has never beat me in a tri in about 10 attempts." I could see that these two were good friends but very competitive with each other.
"How long are your races?" Leigh asked.
"Well, we've built up over the past 3 years. We started with shorter races, but we are going to do a full Iron man for the first time this year. It's a 2.4 mile swim, 112 miles on the bike, and then you run a marathon- 26.2 miles."
"Wow," said Leigh, "do you train with them?" she asked addressing Steph.
"Hell no, I'll go cycling with them sometimes, but I hate running."
Jim smirked, "Steph's 'assets' are a little much to run around with." Steph blushed, and I found myself blushing too as my eyes involuntarily went to her chest, which I'd already noticed was quite impressive in the skimpy tank top she was wearing. Steph was very pretty in fact, dark brown hair with a cute button nose and breasts that were definitely larger than Leigh's. She slapped Jim's arm somewhat playfully but I could tell he'd gone a little over the line because she looked genuinely embarrassed. It made her look cute.
"Well you've convinced me, I want in. I want to train and compete with you guys," said Leigh.
"Not sure that'll work," said Nick. "We're pretty experienced and when we go at it on a workout, we go a long way, and we go fast. We can't afford to have a newbie slowing us down."
I braced myself, knowing what was coming. The best way to ensure Leigh would do something was to tell her she was incapable or afraid to.
"I'd never expect you to wait on me. Just let me train with you, I'm a former D1 athlete and probably in better shape than you think. It will make me better to train with people who are better than me."
Nick gave her an appraising look, seeming to somehow notice her killer body for the first time. "Well we could give it a try. We're doing a swim at the gym tomorrow, if you want to come."
"I'll be there!" she said.
"Great, you can ride with us," said Jim. "Pick you up at 7:30."
The next morning was a rainy Sunday, and I certainly wasn't envious of Leigh when her alarm went off. I sleepily admired her as she stripped naked and slipped into a one piece bathing suit. She put on some workout clothes over it- a white top and black shorts. Quickly tying her ponytail, she bent over to kiss me. "Enjoy sleeping in, lazy-ass."
I slapped her ass as she walked away. "Try not to drown," I joked. I went back to sleep with the rain beating on the roof.
I woke up a couple hours later when the front door opened and shut. Hearing squeaky footsteps, I realized Leigh was home. I sat up in bed, rubbing my eyes. When Leigh appeared at the door, I rubbed them again, not believing what I was seeing.
Her white tank top was soaked, and she wore nothing beneath it. The thin material clung tightly to her breasts and stomach, and she looked like she'd just won a wet T-shirt contest.
Her nipples were completely visible as the top was now completely sheer. She was breathing hard, which caused her tits to jiggle a little. She was virtually topless.
"Leigh, it must be pouring. How did your clothes get that wet walking inside from Jim's car?"
"Ha, funny story," she said, still panting. "Nick and Jim forgot to tell me that they like to run home from the gym after their swim. Part of the training. I didn't come prepared with a sports bra but I didn't want to look like I was too tired or scared to do it. I just left my swimsuit in a locker at the gym. I'm gonna give Jim a ride to his car in a few. Babe, it was awesome, I really felt pretty exhausted after swimming for an hour, and I didn't know if I could keep up with them, but I did! It was so exhilarating running in the rain like that. My boobs are a little sore from all the bouncing though."
I groaned. "Leigh, I doubt they had much incentive to run ahead of you with your T-shirt completely transparent. You might as well be topless. What were you thinking?"
If she had realized how see through her shirt was before now, she hid it well. She looked totally surprised as she looked down at herself, but she recovered quickly and her eyes became defiant, and she put her hands on her hips.
"I resent you suggesting that the only way a woman could possibly keep up with the boys was by distracting them with her tits."
As I started stammering in my own defense, a knock came at the door.
"That's Jim, I gotta take him to his truck," she said, peeling her wet shirt off. "Wouldn't want him staring at my tits while I'm driving." She put on a dry shirt but I noticed she didn't bother with a bra. "I'll be back in 10."
And just like that I was alone, wondering to myself what the hell had just happened. My girlfriend had just been essentially topless and sweaty with 2 guys she just met yesterday. And worse, half the town had probably seen her running around like that. I was suddenly a little insecure with this new training arrangement that included Leigh doing frequent physical activity with these guys who were in better shape than me and had already pretty much seen her tits.
I was worked up, but when she arrived at home 15 minutes later, I had calmed down. Her demeanor was more conciliatory as well when she walked in. She immediately walked to me and we embraced. "Ted, I'm sorry for what happened. When you pointed out my shirt I was embarrassed but I shouldn't have taken it out on you."
I didnt know what to say. I was still uncomfortable with what had happened and uncertain about her training with these guys. But I didn't know what to say without looking like an asshole. In the end I just caved and told her I was sorry too and that I didn't mean my comment the way she took it.
For the next few weeks, Leigh continued to train. She bought an expensive new tri bike. Her already crazy workout schedule was at least doubled. She was working out 2-3 hours a day, sometimes with Nick and Jim and sometimes alone.
We had Jim and Steph over one Friday night as I'd grilled some steaks and Leigh was allowing herself a rare "cheat" day. In addition to her training she'd become almost fanatical about her diet, eating super healthy and rarely drinking at all. But tonight I'd cooked the steaks perfectly and the wine was flowing, and we were all having a legitimately good time.
Somehow it came up that Steph was something of an Instagram influencer, she earned money as a brand ambassador on social media for a couple nutritional companies as well as an athletic apparel company. I was somewhat surprised that Steph, who was beautiful but came across so low key and understated, was routinely featured in Instagram ads where she sometimes appeared in skimpy clothing including bikinis and even lingerie. We found this out when a buzzed Jim showed a picture of Steph from her Insta- it was in black and white and featured her in a sports bra and panties. Naturally, I noted the Instagram handle for future searching purposes.
"You know, Leigh, you could make money doing this too," said Steph. "I've seen the underwear pics and your body is better than mine."
Leigh laughed nervously and avoided eye contact with me. I had no idea what the hell Steph was talking about and I think she and Jim were just now picking up on my carelessness based on Leigh's discomfort.
"Oh... I don't know," Leigh managed weakly. "I don't think I could put my body out there for people I don't even know to judge."
Jim quickly changed the subject and the conversation moved past it, but I couldn't shake the sick feeling in my stomach that I was the only one at the table who hadn't seen these "underwear pics" of my girlfriend. However, I resolved to address it with Leigh later and try to resume enjoying the evening, which I did.
When we got home, I didn't even have to ask. "Babe I know you probably have questions about the comment Steph made," Leigh said. I said nothing but just gave her a look that made it clear she should keep talking.
"Jim and Nick and I have a text thread where, well, once a week we send pics to each other in our underwear. It's not what it sounds like. It's to hold each other accountable for our diets and our training. The idea is that we can talk ourselves out of a bad eating decision or skipping a workout so that we won't look bad in our underwear. We do it every Sunday night. It's not flirty or sexual in any way, it's purely for motivation."
I was dumbfounded. "Yeah I bet they are motivated, Leigh. Let me ask you a question. Do you think Jim and Nick were sending underwear pics of themselves to each other before you started training with them?"
"No, they never claimed they did," she retorted with a defensive tone in her voice. "Nick told me that this would help all three of us because having a person of the opposite sex seeing these would raise the stakes on our training. He even made some sexist comment about it being 'the only helpful part' of me training with them. I was so afraid that if I didn't they wouldn't train with me anymore. It also made me mad when he said that, and I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of backing down. Besides, my underwear covers the same as a bathing suit basically. It's not like I'm sending them pics in sexy lingerie. It's sports bras and stuff like that. Here, I'll show you the pictures." She scrambled for her phone and held it out to me. "Scroll through if you want."
There were 3 weeks worth of these pics, all of them pretty much the same. Leigh standing in a sports bra and panties, taking the photo in the mirror. She wasn't doing any provocative poses or sexy faces, just standing there. But of course she looked sexy as hell anyway. Aside from Nick saying "Damn" after the first pic she had sent, none of their comments were remotely sexual or disrespectful. It really did appear to be just the 3 of them encouraging each other.
Still, I was obviously not happy with this. These guys may have legitimate cover, but they'd obviously tricked my girlfriend into sending these pictures. And I didn't like the pictures the guys sent either. I had to admit they were in much better shape than me. "I gotta get a six pack like that. Goals!" Leigh had commented under one of Nick's pictures.
"Leigh, why wouldn't you tell me about this?" I asked. I was extremely upset but trying not to show it. Part of it was that I genuinely wanted to be supportive of her new goals, but I also feared pushing too hard against her and making her defiant. I had enough experience with her feisty personality to know I had to be careful there.
"I just didn't want to get into it with you. You know how competitive I am and this training I'm doing is so important to me, and I want to be as good as I possibly can at this. These guys look at me as a stupid girl who could never compete with them, I know they do. I just don't want to ever be perceived as weak around them. Honestly, when we start racing them I want to crush them," she said. "Can you support me in this?"
Honestly I just didn't know what to say to that. I was obviously still pissed that she was sending other guys underwear pics, but I just couldn't bring myself to stay on her case about it. Maybe it was just fear of coming across too heavy-handed. Maybe it was a turn on to think about her crushing these guys in a race and then coming home to me. Maybe it was just how good she looked at that moment.
"Of course I support you Leigh, do whatever it takes to reach your goals." I didn't regret making this statement that night, as we had the best sex we'd ever had. But I sure would regret it eventually.
As summer started, Leigh, and they guy did their first race. It was shorter "sprint" triathlon that would only take about 90 min to 2 hours. Leigh was so excited and nervous before the race. Steph and I walked around and cheered them on a bit, but mostly triathlon's not a great spectator sport. So we ended up talking quite a bit. Mostly just small talk, bit it wasn't awkward or forced. Finally, she broached the elephant in the room.
"I felt dumb about the comment I made at dinner the other night. I didn't realize you didn't know. I hope it didn't cause problems for you and Leigh," she said.
"It's fine," I said. "I'd rather know about it than not, but I can't say it doesn't worry me at all. Does it not bother you any?"
"Not really. I trust Jim to stay within boundaries. He's a good guy, and we've been married for 8 years."
It made sense to me that there'd be more trust in a marriage compared to Leigh and I who weren't even engaged yet. It didn't make me feel any better though.
Nick finished the race about 2 minutes ahead of Jim, which wasn't a surprise but Jim looked disappointed. The surprise was Leigh, who ended up just 3 minutes behind Jim. Not bad at all for her first race. "You guys better train harder," Steph said. "Leigh is coming for you."
Leigh had finished 2nd among women in her age group and was ecstatic. I was extremely proud of her, and we had incredible sex that night. Her body was better than ever and I remember thinking that this triathlon stuff had its benefits after all.
The next weekend Leigh asked for my help with the training. She'd learned in her first race that swimming an open water swim in a lake was much different than lap swimming in a pool. With no lane ropes to guide you, it was easy to swim off course, zigzagging and wasting precious time and effort. She and the guys planned an open water swim across the lake just north of town. They'd swim directly at a cell phone tower that could be seen from across the lake, whose base was next to a picnic area. They'd be able to use their GPS watches to see how straight of a line they kept. Since they weren't returning to the start of their swim, they asked me to drop them off and then pick them up around the other side of the lake.
Steph, Jim, and Nick rode with us, and we tied Steph's kayak to the top of my SUV. The plan was for Steph to paddle her kayak with them across the lake in case anyone got a cramp. When we arrived, Jim and Nick immediately stripped to their briefs and put on wet suits. Steph took her shirt and shorts off, it looked like she'd be making the trip across in a bikini. They tossed their discarded clothes in the back of my SUV. Leigh had stripped down to a 1-piece swimsuit with ruffles on the side but did not have a wet suit. "Do you need one of those?" I asked.
"No I don't think so, I'll be fine. The water's not that cold, the guys just like to practice in their suits. I'll see you on the other side." She gave me a peck on the cheek and jogged toward the boat ramp where the others were now stretching. The swim was about a mile and a half, so I'd easily make the 20-minute drive across the dam to the other side of the lake before they got there. I'd brought a book to read to pass the time and some towels for them when they got done.
I waved to Nick and Jim and drove away. I'd been gone about 5 minutes when my phone rang. It was Leigh. I answered, confused.
"Hey babe, I'm so sorry but I got out of the car with my phone. Could you come grab it? I'll leave it on the picnic table closest to the boat ramp."
"Sure," I said. Truthfully I didn't mind. The drive around this area was scenic and I had plenty of time to kill.
"Thanks!" she said. "Wish me luck!"
After wishing her luck, it took me a couple more minutes to find a spot to turn around. When I got back to the boat ramp, I parked and started walking over, looking for her phone. There was no mistaking which picnic table was the closest to the ramp, but I didn't see a phone. I only saw what looked like a shirt laying there. As I got closer, my heart dropped. It wasn't a shirt, but Leigh's swimsuit with the ruffles on the side. As I approached it and picked it up, hoping desperately for any sign that it wasn't hers, I noticed her phone was under it. This was my girlfriend's swimsuit,and she was presumably naked with our neighbors in the middle of the lake.
I was fuming as I drove around the lake. When I approached the dam, I saw police lights and realized the bridge was closed due to an accident. I now had a 60-minute drive around the other side of the lake as my only option. During this drive, I convinced myself that surely Leigh wasn't really swimming across the lake naked. I reasoned that Steph probably had an extra wet suit that she'd borrowed or something. I still felt uneasy as I drove. I ran into terrible traffic and as everyone had been forced to take this alternate road with the dam closed. By the time I was turning off the main road to pull into the picnic area, it had been 2 and a half hours since I'd dropped them off, and I was a nervous wreck. Surely Leigh wasn't really nude, but if she was she had been that way for quite a while.
As I pulled into a parking space at the agreed upon spot, I looked out toward the lake and my worst fears were slowly confirmed as I absorbed the scene in front of me. The first thing I saw was Steph playing a game of tether ball against a guy I didn't recognize. She was topless and her tits were flying in every direction as she played. As hard as it was to peel my eyes from that sight, I looked over toward the picnic tables where I saw Leigh sitting and drinking a beer. She was sitting with her back to me with her right leg straightened out down the side of the picnic table seat as if she'd been stretching, and her left foot on the ground beneath the table. She was laughing and joking with Nick, who sat to her left, as well as Jim and another guy I didn't recognize across the table from her. She was stark naked.
I felt dazed as if I'd been punched in the face. She looked so casual sitting there having a great time as if nothing were out of the ordinary. The 2 strangers were in swimsuits and Jim and Nick were in their briefs. Leigh laughed at something Nick had said and moved her right leg down off the table. I realized she was drunk. She scooted her butt further back on the seat for balance, then I saw her lean forward toward the table. I realized I was out of the car now walking toward them. I was 30 feet away now but I couldn't tell what Leigh was doing. She sat more upright now, with her arms tucked by her sides as if holding something heavy in front of her. As she turned slightly to the left to face Nick, I realized that she'd picked up her bottle of beer by holding it between her breasts. "See Nick, I told you my boobs were big enough to pick up my beer with them without touching it with my hands! You lost the bet- finish your beer!" With that she stood and turned toward the tether ball courts which were now to my right, beer still between her tits. "Look Steph!" she exclaimed. Steph started laughing, her amazing boobs jiggling, until she saw me standing there and reflexively covered her boobs with a worried look of her face. Leigh followed her gaze and made eye contact with me, looking embarrassed at first and also mimicking Steph's hand bra. What the fuck was that about? My girlfriend was fine being naked with our neighbors and some random strangers, but felt the need to cover up as soon as I showed up? She seemed to recover quickly, however. "Hey Babe! Want a beer?"
"I think we need to talk, Leigh," was all I could manage to say.
They all quickly gathered their clothes from my car, and little was said on the way home aside from some small talk about their swim. I just sat there and fumed, saying nothing.
As soon as we dropped off our neighbors, Leigh asked, "Ted, are you mad at me?"
It was all I could do not to explode. After calming myself with a deep breath, I managed, "Yeah Leigh I'm a little mad. You want to tell me what the fuck happened?"
She looked genuinely surprised that I would be angry.
"Ted, I didn't have a choice. It took you almost 3 hours to get to us. I know there was traffic, I'm not blaming you, but what was I supposed to do, stay in the water for 3 hours?"
My head almost exploded. "How about not get naked in the first place, Leigh?! What possible justification do you have for that?"
"After I called you to come get my phone, the guys noticed how my swimsuit wasn't really made for long swims. They said the ruffles on the side would create too much drag and it would slow me down too much. It was actually a safety issue, if we were all going different paces, Steph wouldn't be able to stay close to all of us if it was an emergency. I was going to just sit it out, but they agreed to turn around and not peek while I took my suit off and ran for the water. I figured you'd be waiting with a towel when I arrived, but you weren't. I stayed in the water for like 15 minutes when we arrived, but I couldn't just do it forever. Steph finally agreed to take her top off if I would get put of the water, so I wouldn't be as uncomfortable."
"So you saw no issue with getting totally naked in a public lake with our neighbors all because the guys said it would screw up their training? And you never thought they might have an ulterior motive?" I was getting even madder.
"Ted you said yourself to do whatever it takes to reach my goals. I'm not a quitter. And besides, like I said, I never planned to actually get out of the water naked."
"But you did it pretty easily when Steph took her top off. Even with a couple strangers there on top of everything else."
"They weren't there when I first got out. They showed up and Steph and I were actually hiding because were afraid we'd be in trouble, but they just laughed said they'd already seen us. They said they always fish in that spot and no one ever comes down there. They were nice, they said they felt bad for "intruding" and offered us some beers. I accepted just because I was still a little nervous. I only had like 3-4 beers but I guess since I've mostly cut out alcohol with all the training, I got a little buzzed. Everyone was so nice that I really forgot I was naked for the majority of the time."
"Yeah, can't imagine why everyone was so nice." My voice was dripping with sarcasm.
"Why are you so upset?" she asked.
"Because my girlfriend who I'm supposedly in a committed relationship with spent the afternoon in the nude getting drunk with a bunch of guys likes a whore." I blurted it out without thinking and immediately wished I could take it back.
Leigh briefly looked ashamed by this for the first time today, but then I saw the anger and defiance return. We'd been sitting in our driveway for a few minutes while we talked, and she now wordlessly slipped out of the car and walked inside.
The fight that followed was the worst of our relationship. She packed a bag and several times got up as if to leave with it, but each time I talked her off the ledge. Long story shirt, I swallowed my pride and apologized profusely.
As I struggled to sleep that night long after Leigh fell asleep next to me, I couldn't help but think about how her sound slumber probably had a lot to with the hours she spent naked drinking and having fun with neighbors and strangers. I couldn't help but wonder how I'd handled the fallout so badly that I'd gone from being the aggrieved party to apologizing and begging her to stay. And most concerning of all, I couldn't shake the feeling that I hadn't seen the worst of it yet.
For a while after that, things returned to normal. Leigh turned the intensity of her training up even more, she was really working hard, and I was proud of her.
In early July, they had their next race. It was an Olympic distance triathlon about 90 miles away- I wouldn't be able to attend as I had a previously planned golf trip with some college buddies. I was pretty worried about Leigh traveling with Nick and Jim without me. It made me feel better that Steph was joining them and riding with them, but I was still nervous and made certain several times that she agreed that she'd be sleeping in her own hotel room.
As worried as I was, the weekend went by fast hanging out, golfing, and drinking with my friends and soon it was over. I didn't arrive back until late Sunday afternoon. When I walked in the door, I immediately saw Leigh standing in front of the door waiting in sexy lingerie. I could clearly see she was in a good mood, and she looked amazing.
"Guess what babe?!" she exclaimed.
I had no guesses.
"I won my age group, and I was the 4th female to finish overall! And not only that, I BEAT NICK AND JIM!"
I knew it was a distinct possibility that she'd catch up to these guys eventually, but I was legitimately surprised that she'd accomplished this so soon. I was proud of her, even if I admit I had to feign interest in the minute by minute details of her race as we enjoyed celebratory beers together. I was much more interested in when I might get to explore the fantastic and scantily clad body in front of me.
After we'd discussed the race ad nauseam, she scooted closer to me and got a conspiratorial look in her eyes. "Ted, as fun as the race was, it wasn't even the craziest thing that happened this weekend." My mind reeled as I searched for what this could mean, and it made me nervous. She seemed to sense this, and quickly added, "Don't worry, I didn't do anything wrong. But the car ride home got a little interesting." She started undoing my belt. "You know how Jim and Nick are super competitive always? Well Jim's never beat Nick, but he's really been closing on him this year. Apparently they bet $2,000 on the outcome between the 2 of them this weekend. I didn't know this until the ride home and apparently neither did Steph. And Jim lost, by a few seconds."
While this was interesting, I didn't understand why she was telling this story while pulling my cock out of my pants.
"Well Nick brought up the bet on the way home, and Steph was furious. But apparently there was a kicker to the bet. Jim's half could also be paid if Steph would agree to give Nick a hand job. You should have seen how red Jim turned as Nick made him tell Steph this."
Leigh was now stroking the length of my hardening shaft. Despite this, I didn't love where this was going.
"Jim told Steph don't worry, and that he'd just pay Nick. Steph said 'the hell you will, that's our money.' I was sitting in the back with Nick and Steph made me switch seats with her, so I moved to shotgun, and she got in the back. She told me to film what was about to happen. You should have seen how mad she was. Jim was panicking."
"And did you film it?" I asked.
Leigh let go of my dick and put her phone down next to me. She then stripped naked, and laid next to me with her head on my shoulder. She propped her phone on the couch pillow in front of us. It looked like the video about to play was 7 minutes long. She grabbed my hand and placed it on her pussy, and sighed as my fingers slowly found her clit. "I did film it. I haven't watched it yet, I decided it would be naughty and fun for us to watch it together." Her hand started stroking my dick again.
It did sound naughty and fun, but I was also a little concerned about my wife filming a sex act between 2 of our neighbors. I didn't have much time to worry as she hit play with her hand that wasn't occupied.
"Why would you want it filmed?" Jim was saying off camera.
"In case your dumb ass ever gets the fucking stupid idea to bet me again," Steph retorted. Leigh wasn't kidding, she looked super pissed. She was untying her shoes.
"Steph don't do this, I love you."
"I love you too but you have to learn a lesson here." She had her socks off and was sliding out of her jeans.
"Steph at least turn off the camera. You dont know where this video might end up," Jim pleaded.
"I trust Leigh. She won't send it to anyone except me." She took her shirt off.
Jim must have realized for the first time that she was stripping. "Steph what the fuck? No part of the bet said you had to be naked."
"Fuck you, Jim. You dont get to wager me and then tell me how to get the job done. I want to do this quick, and he'll get done quicker if I'm naked."
The camera had stayed on Steph the whole time, and her naked body was glorious. Her normally easy going attitude was in stark contrast to her angry features and body language now, and it was sexy as hell. I was hard as a rock as Leigh continued to pump.
As Steph knelt on the floor of the car in front of Nick's seat, the camera got a great view of her ass. I heard Nick say, "Hey Leigh, hand me the camera, wouldn't want to miss anything." Leigh complied and soon the camera was looking from his point of view down toward Steph. She grabbed the waistband of his sweatpants and pulled down. A huge erect dick sprang out and smacked her in the face. I heard a gasp and realized it wasn't Steph. The camera panned upwards and I saw my girlfriend, peeking around the front seat. She was covering her mouth with her hand and in apparent awe of Nick's boner.
Leigh moaned as I slid a finger inside her. I was definitely not pleased with what I was seeing regarding her behavior in the shotgun seat, but my desire to see the rest of the video and the pleasure of what was physically happening now kept me from saying anything. We could talk about that later.
Steph got to work jerking Nick off, every once in a while Nick would say something to Jim about how hot Steph was or how good it felt and then tell him to keep his eyes on the road when Jim looked back to protest. In response, Steph turned around and lifted herself onto the seat in the rear center, next to Nick. She told Jim "now you can see me in the rear view if you want babe. Safety first." She continued pumping as she grabbed the phone out of Nick's hand and handed it to Leigh. Then she started kissing Nick.
My cock was about to explode watching the petite wife sit next to Nick on the back seat, totally naked and seemingly getting into what she was doing as she made out with Nick and jerked him off. Briefly the camera zoomed in on Nick's cock and I heard Leigh moan again.
My thought was interrupted by Jim yelling in the background of the video. "What the fuck? You don't need to kiss him Steph!" She never broke off the kiss and responded by flipping him off with her left hand, her wedding ring could clearly be seen glinting in the sunlight as she stroked Nick even more vigorously with her right hand.
"I am gonna cum," I heard Nick say. I knew the feeling. Steph immediately got back on her knees on the floor. Nick grabbed the phone back from Leigh. "Don't worry, honey, I'll try to make sure none gets all over your car," Steph said.
"Steph don't you dare--," Jim started, but Nick let out a primal yell and started covering Steph's face, stomach and tits with rope after rope of cum. This time both girls gasped audibly, followed by silence. The silence was finally broken by incredulous laughter, which I realized was coming from Leigh off camera. "Holy shit," she said. "I've never seen that much cum at once." Steph grabbed the phone from Nick, and sat back on the seat, turning the phone to selfie mode. The cum really was all over her. She slapped Nick, hard, right on the dick. "Don't ever fucking bet me again. I'm not a prize you can win, this was just to teach Jim a lesson. Switch back with me Leigh", she commanded.
Leigh obeyed and Steph now sat naked next to her husband, covered in their neighbor's cum. The phone was still in selfie mode. I briefly saw Leigh in the background looking sympathetically in the direction of Nick's lap as he groaned in pain.
"Steph, what the hell? You proved your point, now get dressed. We're even now."
"No," she said defiantly. "We'll be even when you drive the rest of the way home with me sitting next to you covered in Nick's cum. I won't ever bring it up again. I'll take a shower when we get home and it's over after that. Do you understand?"
"Steph you just cheated on me."
"Oh don't be a baby. You don't get to act hurt. Hand jobs aren't cheating, especially when it was your idea. Now are we agreed to bury this and move on?"
There was a moment of silence then a quiet "yes" from Jim. Steph winked at the camera and the video ended there.
I don't know what it was about the ending freeze-frame of her naked, cum covered upper body as she winked at the camera but it sent me over the edge. I spurted straight up into the air and showered both myself and Leigh with it. It was a lot but I noticed Leigh didn't make any superlative comments about it. Instead, she said, "Ew looks like somebody liked a little naughty behavior. I was about to let you put it in doggy." With that she sprang up toward the bathroom. I heard her replaying the video. Immediately after I heard Nick yelling through his orgasm I heard, "Oh, shit," from Leigh followed by a squealing orgasm that she attempted and failed to suppress.
I sighed. As hot as the video had been and as good as my own orgasm had felt, I was definitely going to have to find a way to express my disapproval of how my girlfriend had behaved.
To be continued...