by Don Gordon
The story so far: I'm a 23-year old American who's just finishing up a one-year work stint in Japan as an English professor in a small college on the coast south of Tokyo. I was all set to go home, when suddenly one of my students, a cute 19-year-old named Ai, gave me a peek up her skirt. I was shocked to find she had no panties on. I ended staying up the whole night thinking about it. The next day at school, she did it again, and asked me to stay in Japan for another year. As much as I would have liked to, my girlfriend Elise was waiting for me back in the States. Ai seemed to sense my answer, but she asked me to think about it. After she'd run off to class, I broke out in a fever, and ended up going home.
The next morning, I woke up to hear a knock on my door. I still felt weak, but my fever had gone down somewhat. I kept quiet, hoping that whoever was knocking would go away.
"Gohden-san! Are you OK? I bring you some food." It was Ai. I dragged myself out of bed, and opened the door.
"Shouldn't you be in school?" I asked, not really feeling up to dealing with her.
"I call Midori at school, but she say you are not there. Probably Saito-sensei teach your class."
Mr. Saito was a Japanese prof. who didn't seem to know much English.
"Oh."
"I worry it's my fault you get sick."
I looked at her. She had this caring look in her eyes. I stumbled back to bed.
"No, it's not your fault. I don't think it's serious. I'm just tired. That's all."
She came in, and took off her shoes.
"It look pretty serious. It is first time you miss class all year."
I blinked, realizing that she was right. I began wondering when she had first started liking me. We first met a little less than a year ago. Maybe she wasn't as much of a complete stranger as I had thought.
"You eat breakfast? Mou tabemashita ka? (Have you eaten?)."
"No, I just woke up."
"OK, I make something for you. What you like? Okayu?" (Okayu is this rice gruel mixture, sort of like pablum).
"Ugh! Anything but that. There's some cereal in the cupboard."
She found the cereal, a bowl and a spoon. As she bent over to open my small fridge, the hem of her mini-skirt rose, and her cute ass slid into view. Sure enough she was still going commando. Not that I was complaining, mind you. She has the most exquisite buns, but for heavens' sake, doesn't she own any underwear? As I sat here staring at her, she turned to me, her backside still in the air, and told me solemnly,
"You out of milk."
It took a moment for this to register, for I had begun wondering how Ai herself would taste rather than the cereal.
"OK, I go buy you some." She straightened up, but I could still see her soft round buttocks cheeks peeking out from under the skirt. How could she walk around outside like that? Surely people would notice. Or does she always slip out of her panties just before she sees me? Either way she's driving me crazy. "But I can't go dressed like this."
"Huh?" I sputtered, imagining her walking to the store naked.
"Class already start. Can you borrow me some of your clothes?"
Oh I see. Some overzealous truancy officer might haul her in for skipping class if she gets recognized.
"Oh. Oh yeah, sure. Reminds me, I'd better phone the office. My clothes are in the closet. Help yourself." I picked up the phone, and started dialing while she rummaged around in my closet looking for something to wear. I'm a lot taller than she is. It was hard to imagine what I might have that would fit her.
"Hello."
"Oh hi, Don Gordon here. I'm still a bit under the weather, so..."
Ai picked out a navy blue t-shirt and a pair of purple tie-dye shorts. She set them down on the foot of my bed, and then unzipped the side of her skirt, a big grin on her face. I was trying to focus on talking to the secretary, but I was finding the sight of Ai giggling as she wiggled out of her tight mini-skirt mighty distracting. I started wondering what the secretary would say if she knew I had one of our students here stripping right in front of me. Ai finally got the skirt past her wide hips, and her tousled little triangle of black pubic hair popped into view. I had to adjust the front of my p.j. bottoms, as I felt my wang stiffen. Lord, she's such a babe. Suddenly, I realized my curtains were wide open.
"Mr. Gordon, are you there?," came the voice of the secretary on the phone.
"Oh sorry. Yeah, I'm here."
Ai held her skirt in front of her to cover up her pussy, and walked over to the window to look for signs of life. She must have judged it safe, because she set down the skirt, and standing there bottomless in full view of the large picture window, proceeded to undo her scarf. I covered the mouth piece, and called out,
"Jeezit, Ai! Cut that out."
She just looked at me with this amused look on her face as she pulled her sailor collar over her head, followed by her white blouse. Now that she was stark naked, her self-consciousness returned. She held the blouse in front of her, head down blushing under my gaze, but after hesitating for a moment, set it down too to let me have a better look at her naked body. She raised her arms to pull her long black hair back out of her eyes, her perky tits rising as she did. The pinkness of her skin, lit up by the sunlight streaming in through my window, formed a sharp contrast with the grayness of my room. It was like the whole place had suddenly brightened up just by her being here.
"Are you all right, Mr. Gordon?," came the secretary's voice. There was something about the whole situation that I found intensely arousing. Talking with the secretary was just such a normal thing to do, but at the same time, I had Ai here showing off her nubile body. Ai seemed to be enjoying herself as she peered over at me from under her bangs smiling shyly.
"Yes, I'm fine. Anyway, that's mainly what I wanted to say, so..." I hung up the phone, and walked over to where Ai was standing, framed naked in the window. She backed away from the window, and I shut the curtain.
"What are you doing? What if someone sees you?" I yelled, finding it hard to seem angry with my cock sticking straight up in the air.
She tilted her head towards the window, and demurely smiled.
"Nobody there."
I peeked out, and luckily, she seemed to be right. Admittedly I didn't see my neighbors much, but still to stand in the window naked like that... This girl was too much.
Ai shook her head to straighten her hair, causing her breasts to jiggle back and forth as she did. Christ, they were gorgeous. I could almost understand why she wanted to show them off. They looked much bigger than when she had her blouse on, and her pert nipples were just the right shade of pinkish red. Hopelessly aroused now, I slumped back to bed.
"At least, we're on the second floor this time," I sighed.
She stood there quietly for a moment, but then came over, and kneeled down on the edge of the bed. She leaned over me to open the window, her breasts bouncing in my face. Unable to control myself, I reached up to touch them, but she just playfully slapped my hand.
"We should better wait until you get well." She stuck her head out the window so far I was sure that whoever was out there would be able to see her gorgeous tits. She pulled herself back in, and then turned her body to face me to give me a better look.
"It is such a nice day out. Maybe I should just go like this." The way she tilted her hips emphasized her hourglass figure. She was perfect.
However, all the excitement had set my fever raging again. I shivered, and pulled the covers up closer, still not taking my eyes off of her. If only I felt better... Ai, on the other hand, was enjoying herself too much to stop there. She stood up, and fetched her red scarf tying it around her bare neck. She picked up her backpack, and slid it on, her luscious breasts bobbing up and down. Still naked, she walked over to the entrance, and slipped her stocking feet into her shoes. She stood there for a moment, hand on the door handle, perhaps trying to gather the courage to open it. She looked back.
"Tonari no hito (neighbors). Are they home?"
"I don't know," I said calmly. I was pretty sure she was just teasing me again, although going out naked was very clearly a fantasy of hers. I was too weak to argue. Seeing that I was not to be teased, she took off her shoes, and came back. Setting the backpack down, she picked up my t-shirt from the bed, and pulled it over her head. It was huge on her, going part way down her thighs. She laughed.
"You are so big."
I relaxed a bit, and laughed too. Next, she put on my shorts. She tied them as tight as she could, but they still looked like they were about to fall down. After she left, I closed my eyes, and soon drifted off to sleep.
When I awoke, she had breakfast waiting for me on the low table in the center of my room. She'd bought some fresh fruit and bread as well. I slid out of bed onto the floor next to the table. I looked at the clock.
"Hey, it's ten o'clock. Shouldn't you be getting to school?"
"I phone my mom, and tell her I take care of grandfather."
"I'm not that old."
"I know. You are 23."
"How do you know that?"
"I know many things."
"Oh really. Such as?"
"Your girlfriend in America is name Elise, and she is reason you want to go home."
I looked at her amazed. I didn't think I'd told anyone.
"But I also know she not take such good care of you as me."
"How do you know that?"
"She let you leave, but I am not let you leave."
I looked at her, but she just smiled calmly back. I was beginning to wonder if I had perhaps underestimated her. She was always so quiet in class. I had no idea that she was this serious about me, this determined. For the first time, my feelings started to waver.
"Well, I'm afraid my dear Miss Isobe that you have me at something of a disadvantage. I know almost nothing about you."
"That not true. You know many things about me. What is my favorite color?"
I looked at her suspiciously.
"Pink?"
"That's right. I write about it in my journal for your class. You give me good marks, so I know you read it. What sport I do?"
"Cheer-leading, but that's not fair. I've seen you in your uniform."
"Sure, that fair. You just pretend you don't know me. Who is my favorite professor?"
"Me?"
"Pinpon! (That's right). Three out of three. Perfect score."
I finished off the juice she'd poured for me. Ai immediately turned to the fridge to get me some more. As she opened the fridge, she went forward onto all fours showing me her bare bottom again.
"Hey, where'd my shorts go?"
"Over there. They fall off many times, so I take them off."
"Outside?"
"Nooo, silly! After I come back." She thought for a moment, and then tilted her bottom towards me, pulling the t-shirt up to give me a better look. "If you want, I can go out like this," she said with this mischievous gleam in her eye.
I just sort of her stared at her for a while, torn between the professor in me who would tell her not to and the man in me who wanted to see if she would.
"Is this Gohden-san's laundry?" she said pointing at my laundry basket.
"Yes."
"Where is your laundry machine?"
"Outside in the backyard." I pointed out the window at it. "But you're not thinking of..."
She started nosing around my kitchen, and soon found my detergent under the sink.
"Ai, wait! My neighbors...," but she was already out the door. I crawled back up onto the bed, and out the window I could see her walking along the steel gangway that leads to the stairs at the back of the yard. Her t-shirt rippled in the wind as she clunked down the stairs. I wanted to call her back, but was worried the neighbors would hear. She's one of my students, for heaven's sake. What would they think if they saw her?
When she got to the machine, she looked back up at me. She was shivering quite noticeably. She couldn't really have been wandering around outside these last few days with no underwear on. It was still pretty cool out. She quickly put my laundry in piece by piece. She dropped one of my socks on the ground.
"Ototo! (Oops!)," she said trying to be funny. She checked all around to make sure no one else was watching, and then leaned forward to pick it up. She put one hand on her t-shirt at the back to hold it down, but it didn't make any difference. The further down she bent, the higher the hem rose till her cute ass popped into view. By the time she'd straightened up, her cheeks were red. Even she was embarrassed this time. She reached between her legs, caught hold of the hem at the back, and pulled it down, blushing even more as her fingers brushed against her pussy. She turned on the machine, but there was no water.
"You have to turn on the tap," I called out.
She found it, turned it on, and started to come back up.
"You have to turn the water off once it's full," I added. She tiptoed back to the machine looking more nervous about staying out there with so little on. She kept pulling the hem down to make sure she was covered, looking up at me for reassurance. Suddenly, we heard the sound of a door unlocking, and my downstairs neighbor came out of his apartment. She spun around to face him, discreetly spreading her fingers across the hem of the t-shirt to hold it down. She bowed to him nervously.
"Who are you?" he barked. I called out,
"She's helping me out."
"Oh hi Mr. Gordon. I didn't know she was with you." He eyed her once more, obviously interested by her outfit, but soon went on his way. She waited till he was gone, and then ran back to the stairs, but I yelled out,
"The water! Turn off the water!"
She quickly turned, ran back, and hid under the stairs. She was bouncing up and down from one foot to the other, perhaps from the cold or nervousness. The tank filled up, so she turned off the tap, and came bounding back up.
"Dangerous! Suddenly he appear right behind me. 'Who are you?' My heart beating so fast." She took my hand, and placed it on her chest. "See?" I could feel her heartbeat alright, but more than that, I couldn't help noticing the supple softness of her breasts. I grinned, but she blushed, and broke away. "Etchi! (You naughty boy!)." She picked up her bag, and rushed into the washroom.
"What? What's wrong?" I asked wondering if I'd made her angry.
"I have to go now."
"Where are you going?"
"To see my grandfather. He is OK, but I buy some food to give him." She came out of washroom wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt.
"I thought you said you didn't have any street clothes."
"I want to try your clothes. Anyway, I be back later. What you want for lunch?"
"There's probably some stuff in the fridge."
She opened it, but apart from the things she'd bought, there wasn't much.
"You like soba? (buckwheat noodles)."
I wasn't sure what to do. I felt guilty having her help me like this, especially while I was still planning on going back to the U.S. At the same time, I felt too weak to go shopping myself. Finally, I told her,
"OK, but at least let me give you some money."
"That's OK. I have some. You rest. Get well soon," she smiled at me, and then left.
I lay there thinking for a while. I'd been absolutely crazy for her the day before till I found out she wanted me to stay. She is damn sexy! Now I didn't know what to think. I guess deep down inside, I'd always thought it wouldn't work out between the two of us. I mean her English was pretty good compared to the other students, but even so... Eventually, I gave up worrying about it, and fell back asleep.
A few hours later, I woke to hear her knocking again. She'd brought some soba, and immediately started making it. I still felt groggy, but perhaps a bit better. She brought the soba over with some mountain vegetables and dipping sauce, and set it on the table. She sat down on the floor, and just watched while I ate.
"How you think?"
"It's good."
"My mom show me how. She good cook."
I looked down at her legs. She was still in her blue jeans.
"What?"
"Oh... uh, I'm just not used to seeing you in pants; that's all."
"Oh, I know. You don't like I wear g-pan (=jeans). You like me nopan."
"Nopan?"
"No pants, uh, panties. No panties."
I broke into a coughing fit, almost choking on my noodles.
"Are you OK?" she asked, coming over, and patting me on the back.
"Sorry. I'm OK."
"See, I told you." She leaned over, elbows on the table, and peered up at me with her big black eyes. I avoided her gaze.
"In Japanese, we call you muttsuri sukebei."
I raised an eyebrow.
"You like sex, but don't show. Muttsuri sukebei."
I broke out coughing again. I'd been doing such a good job of keeping my hormones in check since I arrived in Japan. I hadn't hit on any of the female professors and certainly not on my students. It might seem a bit old-fashioned, but I figured Miura was a small town, and I didn't want word getting around. Also, in the back of mind, there was always Elise.
Ai was watching me carefully, almost as if she knew what I was thinking. Suddenly, she stood up.
"Oh, I go get your clothes. Where you hang wet clothes?"
"I usually just use the dryer in the courtyard."
"No, no good. Clothes get damage. You no have place to hang clothes?"
"On the roof I guess."
I explained how to get there, and she was off. I started thinking how responsible she seemed, not like some of my other students. She came back, and then left to visit her grandfather again.
"I'll be back," she said cheerfully.
To be continued in Year Away in Japan 3
Don Gordon