"You look a little-lost darling; I'm guessing you're not here for a little action babe?" The woman laughed as she leant on the edge of the open car window.
Emily's blush was unseen in the dark dimly lit street. She had been driving up and down the long road for the last thirty minutes. Firstly, trying to decide which girl might be the best to stop and secondly to pluck up the much-needed courage.
"I give directions for free, but anything else will cost ya," the woman said with a toothy smile. "We don't get many women down here, especially not rich looking babes driving expensive cars like you," she added with a little laugh.
"How much do you charge?" The words stammered out in a whisper as if trying not to let anyone hear. Not that there was anyone within two hundred yards.
"Fifty for a hand job, seventy for oral and both together I'll do a hundred. Special discount as you're a pretty one."
Emily gulped and felt herself judder at the thought of another woman touching her.
"Okay, both." Emily blurted out quickly before she lost her nerve.
It was a ridiculous amount of money to pay, but the women seemed to have what she needed - the right mix of age, clothes and just a hint of dirty.
The prostitute jumped into the car, and it moved off quickly as she directed to an old hotel. It had seen better days, the sign flickered randomly, the dirt covered a once cream paint, and the windows half boarded. They pulled into the car park and stopped in the dark corner under the branches of an overgrown oak tree.
The prostitute introduced herself as Gail as she offered her hand. Emily went to shake it. "That'll be a hundred babe," she said laughing at the futile polite gesture to shake hands.
Emily gave a faint smile, too nervous for anything else, as she grabbed her purse from the pocket in the door.
"Why don't you pop your panties off, if you're wearing any that is, and drop the seat?" Gail said pushing the money down the inside of her ankle boot.
"No, I just want to talk."
"Look, babe, you've got thirty minutes and how we spend that time is up to you. Personally, a hundred for a chat is a might bit much."
"No honestly, I just want some information."
"Suit yourself, but if you change your mind, I can assure you it will much better than any boyfriend or husband will ever give you."
Emily blushed the whole time she explained that she was researching a character for a new stage play currently in production. She wanted some help with clothes, language, mannerisms. "I want my character to be as real as possible."
Gail stared at the women sat in the driver's seat a moment without reply. She had been on the game for five years now, and this was a first even for her. Not that there were any firsts left when it came to sex though.
"I guess I could teach you one or two things them posh schools and drama classes couldn't."
Emily felt a significant relief at her words. It had been a long day since she came up with the mad idea and an even longer ten minutes in the car explaining it.
"Does the thought of being a hooker turn you on? Gail asked. "Are you excited now?"
The blush said everything. The conversation quickly deflected elsewhere.
"I want to look authentic, a real trashy pro who would take a punter down any alley for a quickie," Emily explained looking down nervously away from the almost lustful stare of Gail.
"So, Miss high and bloody mighty actress picked me because you think I look a cheap tart, good for nothing except a quick fuck or suck in the alley."
"Gosh, look I'm sorry, the words came out wrong. I didn't mean you looked that way. I chose you because I could see you weren't too young and had experience."
Gail gave a big laugh. "Yeah, I got experience alright. Ok, Miss la-de-dah I guess I can help. You come back tomorrow night, say eight, and I'll show you a few tricks, might even let you watch me with a trick."
Emily felt yet another shudder in her shoulders at the words, yet also rising excitement, realising that her wild idea might actually happen.
"Ok, a few things to remember. No posh clothes or jewellery," Gail said grabbing her wrist and looking at the gold bracelet. "No handbags or purse or money."
"Ok, I get it. Best be safe."
The prostitute laughed once more. "No, you don't get it, babe. Safe would be staying in your nice apartment across town. And no car, leave it at home and get a taxi or bus."
With those words, she was out the car and across the car park.
*****
Emily was on edge all afternoon, the constant reminder about what had happened and what tonight might bring popped into her head at random moments. Little things would trigger those naughty thoughts that would make butterflies in her tummy, and further down. Luckily her morning had been busy with her agent and a meeting at the bank. Now she was trying, somewhat in a tizzy, to pick out plain clothes. It was worse than trying to decide a dress for a formal engagement.
One empty wardrobe later and a pair of plain navy trousers and a plain black blouse are hanging on the back of the bathroom door as she took a shower. The washing of her naked body triggered it all over again. Nipples aching, her senses alive as she soaped all over. She left between her legs until last, knowing the first rub of her hands would determine whether it was a five-minute shower or a ten minute one.
The avoidance of touching between her legs in case she went off pop. Her friend in college had always used the words 'going off pop' when describing their overactive sex lives, Emily had just listened, cringing at the vulgarity, yet secretly inside her heart would flutter sending sensation southwards.
The drizzle of the water on her thighs, the soap bubbles slathered across her hot sex were bringing her ever closer, despite the voices inside chit chattering this was not supposed to happen. It was close, but thankfully she managed to keep her senses under control.
A little after seven the taxi picked Emily up from her apartment. Her tummy felt squishy with nerves, and her breathing was a little ragged. In the shower earlier, the touches on her thighs had made her acutely feel very sexy, it mixed with nerves to give a most unusual and unknown sensation. She had entirely no idea what would happen tonight, but that uncertainty was what made it so amazingly thrilling.
The taxi stopped a few streets away. Emily's destiny with a whole new experience. Hoping the look would not attract too much attention, in fact, wishing for no attention. No make-up except a little neutral lipstick, no jewellery and the only money was in the black everyday flat shoes. It had felt a little weird when first put there, but now it was overtaken by other thoughts.
Emily went to look at her watch, which wasn't there. With no idea of what time it was, she stopped on the corner of the street. The street where she was about to get her first taste of an adventure that would lead god knows where in the next few hours. The crazy idea to help her in preparing for her newest, and possibly most prominent role to date sprung out of nowhere one night in bed. The character had been keeping her awake for a few hours, always nagging at her, was it the right part for her, was she taking on too much. Everyone, from the Director who had picked her, her Agent, and her friends had said it was right, but as usual, Emily had self-doubts aplenty. That was until, well her wandering mind, came up with the mad idea to see first hand what it was like with a real prostitute.
She could see a couple of girls further down on the opposite side, but neither looked even vaguely like Gail. A car pulled up, Emily suddenly panicked, maybe he thought she was 'open for business'. Turning her back she hoped it would go away. It didn't, and she wondered what it was doing. A furtive look over her right shoulder told her that he was talking on his mobile. A deep breath and a sense of relief came rapidly over her.
Gail slowly sauntered out of the darkness and towards the figure stood lost on the corner. Emily was so relieved when she saw her new friend.
*****
The inside of the hotel was interesting, to say the least. It was a cross between early Victorian and late decay. The wallpaper was brown, probably not its original colour, the carpet threadbare and the smell made your eyes water. Emily trod very carefully up each of the wooden steps for fear of treading in something she couldn't see as the lights were none almost existent.
A door opened along the corridor, and a young woman in a dirty white dressing gown stood with a cigarette hanging out of her red smeared lipstick lips as a short, rotund man scurried out buttoning up his jeans. Gail and the girl nodded and smiled only to each other as they passed, the need for words was superfluous.
The room was like the rest of the hotel, dark and dirty. It had a king size bed with a big box of condoms on it, a stand-up shower and a once white toilet in the corner. The room wreaked of stale sweat, piss and sex. It looked like it had not seen a vacuum in a good few years and a duster would have gotten lost in the dust. Emily adjusted her eyes and nose to room as the door closed behind her. Another surge of shock and excitement made her judder.
Gail dropped a dirty screwed up bag on the bed. Emily wondered where it came from and what it was.
"I got you some clothes to try on. Not sure if they fit, but we can have a look and see."
After being tipped from the black bin liner and Gail sifted through them as Emily watched with her mouth agape at the short skirts, boob tubes and a pair of at least six-inch heel white boots.
"Babe if you wanna look the part I suggest you start stripping."
Emily hadn't thought about this part. Now suddenly she felt a whole lot shy and the thought of undressing in this hell hole and in front of a woman, a woman who would not hesitate in taking advantage of her given a chance.
Gail chuckled as Emily stood wondering if and where to start.
"Hey, did you think you would be following me around in those clothes?" Another laugh as she held up the boots. "No babe, tonight you're gonna look and act like a dirty whore."
Each item of clothing removed made her blush deeper and deeper. Emily, not used to undressing in front of people, let alone another woman, and a prostitute at that. The feel of her bare feet on the 'carpet' made her feel dirty, she wanted to shower, but that looked just as disgusting. She stood in just her knickers, the most unattractive pair she could find amongst the thongs she usually wore.
"Time to drop those drawers, your ladyship. We need to see the little kitty that's gonna earn us some money." Gail snickered as Emily stood trying, unsuccessfully, to cover her modesty.
Emily whisked them and put them on the bed. She cringed as she saw Gail smile and nod at her.
"Kinda like what I see. Turn around and let me feast on that ass."
Turning around slowly she felt the carpet, at least she thought it was carpet, stick to her bare feet. "I bet you work out to keep it that tight." The comment was followed by a sultry "Oh yeah."
"First thing babe we need you to lie on the bed and open your legs so that we can get rid of the curlies."
Emily shot back around. "No way am I doing that. I keep my bikini line neatly trimmed, and I get a wax now and again."
"You will keep it as bare as the day you were born. Time is money around here, and you don't want to have to comb jizz outta it every time."
A shocked Emily, mouth open in a shocked gape, had a sudden vision flash of white sticky stuff on her pubic hair.
"Look, Gail, may I remind you that I am just supposed to be just observing here. It's not like I am going to have sex with anyone."
Gail smiled her best toothy grin. "Babe, you said you wanted to be authentic, so I am showing you exactly what it would be like. If you wanna change your mind say now and I can go find me some business out there."
Torn between yes and a walk out of the door Emily contemplated it a moment as she wondered why Gail always called her 'babe' and never her actual name, perhaps she didn't remember it or indeed want to remember it. After all her 'punters' were usually just nameless men, who passed through her lips or legs probably only once.
The exfoliating of her hairs was degrading as she lay back. Gail with the aid of a cheap razor, a new one luckily, and a can of cream stripped her bare leaving Emily with a frustrating burning sensation between her legs. The towel she used to wipe up vigorously rubbed gave her a new thrill to contend with. Emily saw Gail run the tip of her tongue along her top lip a few times and knew that she was imagining licking her vagina. It added to the ever-growing sensation down below.
The 'uniform' as Gail told Emily had to make you stand out. Emily would undoubtedly stand out in any crowd and for a long distance.
The green, almost fluorescent tube top certainly left nothing to the imagination. While not the most endowed up top even she could see her nipples pressing through the fabric. The skirt was a little more conservative in colour if nothing else, it was purple with a slit up either side. The footwear, which she put hurriedly on to get her feet off the filthy and possibly dangerous carpet, were the white very high heel boots.
Emily squealed when handed a pair of white lace panties. "No way am I wearing those."
Gail laughed. "It's all part of the outfit babe. They will make you feel like a real scrubber down there. Now get them on so I can do your makeup."
Post office red lipstick, thick foundation and makeup were all topped with purple glitter eyeshadow and black eyeliner. The final item to complete the transformation was a blonde wig, a little tight over her new recently dyed brunette bob hairstyle but they made it work.
Gail clapped as Emily stood and looked in the mirror at the new person she had become. Everything that she saw said dirty, tramp whore, even down to her panties showing when she moved even slightly.
"They are going to love you out there."
Gail smiled, and Emily smiled back at her. She certainly looked the part now. Here in the room, no identity, no possessions except a small amount of money to get a taxi home later. She was not an actress on the stage; she was a hooker who only had one thing to offer, sex. The thought gave her a chill or was it a thrill, as she stood staring back at what had become of her.
She had gone from nervous and excited, to total excitement. Her sex juiced up some more. At least she wouldn't wreck the already disgusting knickers.
Finally, Emily, when she wasn't looking, got a squirt of perfume. It smelt disgusting, the sort of thing you get at cheap market stalls in holiday destinations. Gail laughed as she sprayed yet more, making an already frantically waving Emily choke for a moment.
"Turn them wild with desire this will babe."
It all came to an abrupt halt as the door swung open and there stood a tall man in a long leather coat. He was sort of ugly with long greasy, dirty blonde hair. Emily guessed he was in his forties, but maybe he was younger.
"Hi Tony," Gail said. "This is Emily, the posh bitch I told you about."
Tony nodded at Gail and then spent a few moments looking up and down at the 'posh bitch' stood almost quivering back at him. He smiled a toothless grin.
"This will be your room tonight. Gail will show you what to do and more importantly what not to do. Any money you make will be handed over to Gail. Not to worry about cops and weird fuckers because we'll keep you safe and sound. As long as you do what Gail says that is."
It was said without him seeming to move his lips and in a deep throaty tone.
Emily finally found her voice having digested the words 'any money you make' and realised that he assumed she was here to start being a prostitute for real.
"Look I think you may have this wrong. I only wanted to observe Gail for a night. I'm not a whore."
"You sure look like one," Gail said, the big smirk still sat on her bright red lips.
"Look, if it's money you want then I can pay," Emily said grabbing at her shoe and taking out a handful of notes.
Tony was suddenly interested at the sight of money. He grabbed it from the shaking hand and stuffed it in his coat pocket.
"Still not enough though. I am a fair man though, and I will let you off with just giving blow jobs for tonight."
"No, no I can't."
Tony lost patience and grabbed her over his knee, and he gave her four rapid spanks on her bare arse, it wasn't genuinely naked, just that the skirt and panties didn't cover much in that position. Emily screamed to be let go, but she just got another volley of four with his massive right hand.
Gail stood close by and laughed as Emily's bum turned pink and then quickly red.
"Fuck, please stop. Please, I'll do it."
"You'll do what," Tony demanded.
"Ouch, shit, I'll work for you."
"Why?"
"Because you helped me," Emily cried out unable to say what he wanted her to.
"Prove it by telling me what you are," he said
"I'm a whore," Emily finally said, sobbing.
"And whose whore are you?"
"Yours, I'm your whore."
Emily cried out some more as yet another four hard whacks landed on her already hot bum.
"That's a good girl. Now let's see what you can do for me."
He pushed Emily off his lap and onto the filthy carpet while undoing his trousers.
Emily composed herself as she knelt on the putrid floor and rubbed her stinging warm cheeks, glad in a strange sort of way it was only her arse cheeks that had gotten slapped. She could see the semi-rigid cock twitching against his trousers as she reached out to put the cock in her mouth.
"Come on now, you gotta show your punter a good time even if you don't mean it. Lick it as well as sucking it. All the way down and make sure you tickle the balls. Oh yeah, some men like that. You'll soon get the hang of it. Just keep'em dangling on edge for a while and then bang. Yeah and make sure they wear a rubber."
Emily hardly had time to nod when she felt him stiffen.
The force of the shot of sperm took her by surprise, but she managed to keep most of it in her mouth. A little trickled down her throat which made her gag for a brief moment. Tony stood, zipped himself up and watched as Emily with puffed cheeks swirled it round like a mouth gargle remembering to lick those painted lips a couple of times.
"Don't you fucking dare swallow or spit it out. Just roll around your mouth a minute and then lick your lips. You work until midnight," Tony said. "That will make you worth the time and trouble."
*****
Semi-naked, with the taste and smell of cheap perfume complimented with jizz constantly up the nose, Gail dragged Emily, who was now feeling humiliated, up and down outside the hotel. The firm tits and tight ass on show to everyone that passed. Compared to most of the other girls out tonight she looked hot despite enough makeup to get a job at a clown show.
Minutes later and a big black car stopped. Gail leaned in the window. A minute later and the two are striding quickly behind the hotel.
"You can play lookout while I fuck him in the back of the motor," Gail said as they approached the far corner of the car park. "And don't forget to watch me in action as well, you might learn something," Gail added with her usual grunt of a laugh.
Emily saw the tall skinny man jump in the back seat. He was kind of ugly as well, but she guessed that did not matter when he was paying the bill. A rubber was rolled on the long thin cock as Gail hitched up her skirt, slipped her panties to one side and straddled it.
There was no introduction, no foreplay, push it in and off she went. Up and down she rode the cock as Emily tried not to look. It was almost impossible not to though. Her thighs squeezed involuntary together as she glanced briefly across the car park and then back in the rear window of the rocking car.
Emily was starting to feel horny. She had told herself early that it would not happen, she was observing for a role and nothing more. That was until she met Tony and now she was going to have to perform a sex act for money. That thought made her juice some more.
Ten minutes later and Gail stumbles out of the car while adjusting her knickers and pulling down her skirt.
"He wasn't a bad fuck for a skinny guy. He made me wet at least," she said with a smirk.
Emily watched Gail once more, this time in a hotel room. She stood by the door while a short man paid his money, rubbered himself up and laid between the splayed thighs. He must have been a regular because he kept calling out Gail's name as he pounded, yes pounded hard and fast like a piston in and out of her. Emily could see the cock come all the way out before slipping back in. The previous fuck had made her feel sexy, but this one had her wetting her knickers as she could not keep her eyes on what was happening less than five feet away.
Blushing at the overwhelming urge to touch herself she crossed her arms to combat it, though her thighs rubbed slowly together instead. Suddenly the sight of the thick cock popping in and out was all too much, and she pushed her fingers under the damp white panties and touched herself vigorously.
Again the urge to finish herself was strong, but she cursed her weakness for doing it while watching a prostitute getting fucked by a short bald guy. She was glad he abruptly finished with a loud grunt before she did, finish that is, not grunt, although at the moment anything was possible.
"Your turn next babe," Gail smiled as she lay on the bed wiping herself clean with a wet wipe. It was discarded just like the condom onto the bedside table, well you could barely call those few bits of wood nailed together a table.
Emily took a deep breath mainly to clear her thoughts. "Hmmm, ok, what are we going to do, you know, hmmm, well how do I pick him up, so to speak." She stuttered the sentence as Gail pulled on her knickers while smirking back at the words.
"Well babe, we are going to go outside and walk up and down the street until we find a guy who wants his dick sucking. Then you can bring him here or the car park. Here is probably best though, it's a bit comfier."
*****
With the words still ringing in her ear, they are strolling casually up and down the street. It was now dark, and that is when the dirty little fuckers come out to play. Well according to Gail anyway.
Two times they went up and down the street. Two times a vehicle stopped, and Emily's stomach turned to jelly each time with her head spinning the thought 'Was this to be her first job?' Gail stuck her head in the car, but no both wanted a girl for anal, so she moved them along.
It was a scruffy white van that pulled up next. Well, it would have been if not covered in muck, which pulled up next with a squeal of its brakes. Gail leant against the passenger door as she talked to the so far invisible man through the partly wound down window. She turned and smiled at Emily. Sheer excitement momentarily overtook the fear, her vagina tingled for the umpteenth time that night, and then back again as Gail stood back to let Emily take her place.
The man had a fuzzy unkempt beard and wore a dirty lumberjack work shirt.
"Hi, what can I do for you tonight hon?" Emily cringed at the words flowing out of her mouth.
"Yeah, you can suck my dick."
"Fine by me darling. It'll be twenty."
"How much for bareback?"
"Don't go there. Rubber overcoats only. Hotel or car park?"
"That's a pity. Kinda hoped to feel your tongue against the skin," the guy replied with a sad face grimace. "Ok car park," he said when realising we were not going to get anything further.
With that, the van pulled off leaving Emily shaking at the words that flowed from her mouth, her mouth that was about to be used for something else.
"You're a natural babe."
Gail dragged the still shocked Emily down the road and into the car park.
"Ok. Don't be frightened as I'll be watching your back. Just do what comes natural girl, and it'll soon be over. Just remember what Tony said, tickle his balls."
The back doors of the van were open as she clip-clopped in the unaccustomed high heels past the driver's door. Inside he was waiting, his jeans around his ankles, as he sat on a makeshift seat leaning back against a box crate. Inside her head, she was going over and over what she must do and to make sure he shoots quickly.
The rough wooden board of the van floor made her knees ache as she adjusted her position in front of him. She could see his semi-hard cock twitching through his grey shorts.
"Money?"
"Yeah, it's in my pocket."
Emily handed him a rubber while she fished in both pockets before bringing out a screwed-up note. She was about to pocket it when she remembered to check it. It would have been stupid to give to someone pleasure and then realise it wasn't the right amount or even a dodgy twenty. It seemed genuine in the dim light as she stuffed it in her boot.
There it was standing proud right in front of her. A six, maybe seven-inch long cock, tight in a rubber jacket. It was ready for action, but Emily hesitated a moment wondering if she could now do it. She had so wanted to experience what it would be like to be the dirty whore for her new role, but now when she had the chance, she wasn't sure she could do it. Yeah, she had done it earlier, although reluctantly, with Tony but now she was one on one with a punter who had paid his money for a blow job.
"Are you waiting for a whistle to start the game or what?"
The words made her smirk but then he grabbed her head, and she found the bulb of his cock shoved in between her lips. The taste of the slimy rubber made her cringe a moment.
"Now we can begin."
Emily not only cringed at the rubber, but she realised she could also smell piss and something possibly worse. Her eyes suddenly realised the shorts weren't grey but a dirty off-white. Christ his clothes were worse than his van she thought before giving the hard-on two long sucks to bring her mind back to the action.
She tried the tickling and tip of her tongue and even made herself gag trying to deep throat him. All those tips by Gail and Tony about technic were suddenly useless as she wanted to make him shoot. The guy seemed to be loving it with all the noise he was making, the slow deep breaths and low grunts seemed genuine as she looked at him with his eyes closed, a cross between pain and ecstasy on his face.
Just as she thought her lips would go numb and was about to resort to wanking him instead, she felt his hands grab her head, and he exploded into the sheath. She felt the warmth of the jizz on her lips as he spluttered four or five times.
Wow, she had done it. She was now officially a prostitute and time was money, so it was back out on the street. Emily eased herself backwards suddenly realised her legs had gone stiff as she gingerly stood up. Gail was waiting with a big grin on her face before she was distracted by something whistling past her ear. It was the condom, and it left a deposit on her cheek. She wiped it with her hand and walked away.
"So how was it?"
"Scary," Emily replied not knowing how to describe the experience.
"My first was the same, to be honest. I'd have been worried if you said anything else."
Emily wanted a break and something to remove the taste out of her mouth. No chance though as soon as they walked back on the street, another car stopped, this time a grey BMW. It always made her smile when she saw this type of car, and it was definitely black man's wheels this time. It seems he wanted someone fresh and Gail gladly introduced her little protégé to Leroy.
She felt embarrassed as she took him to her designated room, not that he took much notice of the decor as he couldn't make his eyes leave the view up her skirt. He had a big wide grin all the way up the two flights.
It was big and fat as she rolled a rubber on it. A special request and she duly obliged, but just this once. She never gagged as much at the taste of the rubber this time, mind she was too busy having her lips stretched to care. Emily wondered after a few minutes what these guys did to their dicks before coming here, all the men she had blown before seemed to shoot in less than a minute.
Not that there was much in the way of experience in oral matters. Emily had done a few as a student, and on first dates as well, but then when she started dating men seriously Emily had shied away from it imagining they would think she was a tart for doing it. It had been over two years since she had done it last, and now it was three times in less than an hour.
Leroy finally gave up and shot into the rubber. It was a whole load more, even felt warmer than the last lot on her lips. He was at least a bit of a gentleman by tying the condom and leaving it on the bed, saying thank you as well before he went.
Gail was not smiling this time as she stood by the hotel entrance with her hand out for the cash.
"Well stuck up bitch, that bastard Leroy just said you were better than me. I am not having that, so you can get your ass out there and get your own tricks. If I ain't got eight of these by eleven thirty you will be making it up on your back babe," she said waving the two twenties in Emily's face."
"Are you being serious?"
"Do I look like I'm having a laugh babe?"
"Ok, I guess I had better get out there and make some money for you."
"Fucking right you had."
With that Gail went one way down the street and Emily the other.
*****
It was a close call, but Emily did manage the eight sucks by eleven thirty, well the last one shot it out a little after. Gail didn't mention it when she handed over the last cash.
"Can I get changed and go home now?" She asked hoping that Gail had gotten over her strop from earlier.
"Sure babe."
Where were her clothes? She searched high and low in the room for them, but they were nowhere. Gail was busy down the hall as she went in search of her, she was literally in the corridor with her hands against the wall as a tall skinny guy pounded away from behind.
"Hey babe what's up?" She asked breathlessly seeing Emily waiting.
"Have you moved my clothes?"
"Noooo," she moaned loudly as the guy banged her hard.
"Shit, then some bastard has nicked them."
Cursing once more at the no reply she saw the expression of joy, it seemed like that anyway, on Gail's face. Emily stomped off down the stairs not sure what to do or where to go. The need to finally bring herself off, the need to shove her fingers hard up her cunt, as Gail called it, over and over was all she could think about after seeing Gail getting banged once more.
Eventually, she persuaded the sixth cab to take her home. The first five wouldn't even let her get in so she could explain the lack of cash until she got to her apartment. Emily guessed the look and smell put them off when they put the window down. The sixth one was a dirty red cab driven by a short Asian man. He probably couldn't smell anything as his cab smelt worse than Emily did.
The taxi ride, the thought of no money, the possibility of having to pay with her mouth or pussy, had all been too much on top of the events of earlier. The eight blow jobs, well nine if you count Tony, each cock different, each climax different, but each ended with her having gotten paid for pleasuring them.
The urgency to relieve herself was on hold as she thought about asking if oral would be okay for his trouble but given that it would be probably outside where she lived there was still a chance, even well after midnight, that someone she knew could spot her. Then she realised what she was wearing. Her mother would not recognise her in this get up let alone a neighbour in the darkly lit street.
They stopped outside her house. It was now or never. She just assumed he spoke only a little English and gestured with her hand and mouth the international sign for a blow job. He just smiled then pushed his seat back. Emily, looking around to see if anyone was watching or walking past, bobbed down and unzipped the stained grey trousers.
Out popped a thin but surprisingly long uncut cock, already hard and waiting for Emily to give him his fare. Panic suddenly crossed her mind as she heard a car coming up the street and slowing, she kept her head down as she heard a door slam before the vehicle pulled away again.
Then another panic as realising she had no rubber, no chance he had one or changing her mind now, she slipped it into her sloppy mouth. He grunted pleasure, then another as she licked her tongue along the length of the hard muscle. Her mind lost as she sucked and licked frantically.
All the things she had been told and learnt during the evening went out the window. Here, outside her apartment, blowing a dirty, smelly foreigner felt so disgustingly right. The heat between her legs was almost unbearable, but she knew soon it would get its reward, her reward, for being a cock sucking whore. Grabbing his balls and squeezing made him squeal with delight, at least she thought it was a delight. The tip of her tongue rimming the eye, tasting the salty liquid dribbling out as her lips slid up and down the skin.
Time was of no consequence, Emily absorbed that she did not realise or care that three cars had gone past, has had a couple of neighbours who looked at the rocking car in disgust. Finally, and with a cry of utter joy in some faraway language he shot his load in the back of Emily's throat. She gagged momentarily, before she felt the hot sticky liquid trickle down, leaving her yet again with a rancid taste in her mouth. All these times now tonight and yet still she shuddered at the sensations.
*****
It was close, but Emily did get through the door before sticking her hand between her legs. She rubbed her sopping wet snatch, fingers almost pinching the swollen lips, her palm pushing down on her throbbing clit and thighs buckling as she hurtled towards her climax. It was not pretty and not one of those moments for savouring the thoughts. It was just a means to an end. An end that left her sprawled on the hall floor, her knickers, her thighs, and the laminate floor covered in her creamy cum juices.
It was after two o'clock when finally dropping on to the bed.
After fumigating the clothes into a sealed plastic bag, Emily needed a deep soak in the bath, but it would have to wait as she needed to relieve the itch between her legs once more. This time the dirty, disgusting and filthy events played over in her mind, her now dirty filthy whore mind.
Despite her sore red swollen lips, she stroked herself slowly for a while, thinking about the evening events once more. Emily tried hard to keep the orgasmic buildup under control, but it soon became impossible. Emily's fucked up mind soon craved another release, and she began thrashing about on the bed, frantically finger fucking her the soaking wet pussy to another much-needed orgasm.
Even as she lay on the bed feeling utterly exhausted, hardly able to move, she had a beaming smile. Despite the fact she felt degraded, had her bottom smacked, watched another woman have sex, three times, and given men oral sex for money, it had been the best night ever as finally she dragged herself off to the bathroom.