Hubby drove the car into the city centre, heading for the car park we always used, quite near to my favourite dance club. The drive had been quite eventful as hubby sat in silence all the way as I regaled what I was going to do and how much I was looking forward to it.
I'd teased him incessantly on the journey that my hot lingerie and slutty dress were sure to grab the attention of the lounge lizards in our favourite club. I continued how most of the guys had now come to recognise me and felt comfortable enough to ask me to dance right in front of my hubby. I told him I liked that as it showed confidence as was quite the alpha male kind of thing to do. I stated it was obvious that the wolf pack looked forward to me arriving as each week my clothes became sluttier and my dancing becoming even more outrageous. My antics from last week were fresh in his mind as I reminded him of the way the guy rubbed himself against me. I even told him that one guy I danced with said I should become a stripper or porn star as my body and the way I moved was pure sex. Hubby grunted at this and I continued with my tease telling him that maybe I should become a stripper as I'm sure my dance partners would love to see me naked, gyrating my shaved pussy in their face! Again he just mumbled, so I continued with my onslaught.
As we pulled into the underground car park next door to the club, I pulled down the sun visor in the car and straightened my make up in the mirror. Tousling my blonde hair to give me that just fucked look, I stepped out of the car and walked the short flight of stairs up to the Club entrance. The usual doormen were smiling as I approached the entrance, giving all four doormen a light peck on the cheek as a means of greeting. Each doormen placed his hand on my waist as they all returned my peck. The door was opened for me and I walked into the foyer where hubby paid our entrance fee. We both walked through the huge double doors of the Dance area and headed toward the main bar. The club was always packed, but tonight even more so than usual. I nodded hellos to some of the lounge lizards as Hubby ordered the drinks. Stand behind him at the bar I felt a strange hand slither around my waist. Turning to see who was stroking my waist I was delighted to see it was the guy who I danced with last week. Kissing me on the cheek he whispered into my ear.
"Fancy a dance?" he gently blew into my ear, sending a sexual shiver down my neck and spine.
"I'd love to!" I smiled walking with him to the packed dance floor. Hubby turned from the bar to see me heading toward the dance floor, holding my partners hand as we manoeuvred ourselves into the centre of the crowded dance floor. My partner ushered me into the densely filled dance floor with one hand now wrapped around my waist and the other planted firmly on my pink Lycra clad ass. Both hands were moving slowly and deliberately, measuring my body with their grasp. His hand around my waist was delighting in finding the tight PVC Waspie cinching my small waist. His other hand was firmly manipulating my buttock, gently pawing my firm flesh as he felt the straps of the garters from my Waspie. When we reached the centre of the dance he turned me toward him with both hands on my waist, he pulled me closer to him. Our heads were touching as our faces were now at cheek to cheek. The music was a sexy slow dance, which we both began to rhythmically appreciate. Whispering in his ear I said.
"Did you like what you felt?" in a soft sexy tone.
"I fucking loved it! Plus I notice the distinct lack of panties and the very sexy stockings!" he smiled as he placed both hands on my buttocks and began to knead my firm flesh.
"I'm glad you liked it. The stockings and no panties was a little treat for you, so we can have some fun when we dance tonight! Plus I'm hoping to get a few dances in with some of the other guys!" I teased.
Repeating the previous week, he turned me around so as my back was to him. My ass nestled into his crotch as I began to slowly gyrate my hips, pushing my buttocks toward his cock. His hands smoothed up my front and shamelessly played with my tits, right in the middle of the packed dance floor. My buttocks were applying pressure to his growing cock, which was now pushing the hem of dress upwards, slowly exposing my buttocks. His cock was now fully erect as I felt the pressure hit my shaved slit. Not wearing panties was a dangerous choice as I felt his trouser covered cock slide effortlessly into wet and willing pussy. I shook with pleasure as his cock slid in and out of my unfaithful hole. I was being dry humped on the dance floor, but I could feel the cock inside me. The bastard wasn't wearing any underwear either, which made it easier for him to push his cock into me. Leaning back toward him with his covered cock still inside me, I placed one hand around his neck as I turned my head toward his. He continued sliding his cock in and out of pussy. The friction from his trouser covered cock was both erotic and a little bit stinging. The best sex always has a bit of pain with the pleasure and his cock was delivering a lot of pleasure right now. I could feel the beginnings of an orgasmic flush through my pussy as he whispered into my ear.
"Why don't I take you somewhere quiet and slip my cock back inside you and fuck you properly?" he snarled with a touch of menace.
I came as his breath breezed on my neck, with his words echoing in my mind. Still undergoing the sensations of orgasm I whispered.
"I'm with my husband and he would go fucking mental if I were doing this never sneaking away somewhere for a quick fuck!" I panted.
"Tell him you're away to the ladies and I'll meet you in the disabled toilet at the far end of the club!" he explained "Then I can get a good look at my cock sliding out of that tight wet shaved pussy!"
"OK then, but you'll have to come in my mouth as I'm not on the pill!" I informed in my best slut tone. We left the dance floor separately. He headed off to secure the disabled toilets whilst I returned to hubby to get my drink then inform of my need for the ladies. When I located hubby it seemed the sexual gods were on my side. He was standing talking to an old friend as he handed me my drink. I said hello to the friend who's name escaped me and informed them both of my need for the ladies. Hubby just smiled and continued talking to his friend, who couldn't take his eyes off me. I rushed urgently toward the disabled toilet to find my dance partner holding the door open for me. I walked inside the brightly lit toilet as we smiled at each other with lust driven eyes at what we were about to do. The butterflies in my stomach were fluttering with sexual anticipation as I was about to be unfaithful for the first time in my life. My dance partner held me close as kissed passionately, slithering our tongues in each other's mouths. He pushed me against the door as he locked us inside the cubicle. His cock was still hard as he pushed it forcefully against the material covering my pussy. The dress slid upwards as my shaved pussy was revealed to my illicit lover. I moaned softly as I felt his hard trouser covered cock nestle between my puffed pussylips. He began to unzip is fly as his rather large hard cock pinged out of his trousers and planted itself at my shaved opening.
"I can't believe how much of a sexy slut you are!" he panted.
"Sluttier than you realise!" I moaned as I positioned my hole over his cock head, feeling his entire slide up my hot pussy "Oh fuck that feels good!"
I raised my legs off the floor as held my stocking clad thighs and began to bang me with strong lunges. I came instantly on his invading cock as my sexual unfaithfulness increased my lustful desire. Holding me tightly, he positioned himself above the disabled toilet and sat on the seat with his cock still inside me. I placed my high heeled feet on the floor and rode his cock like the cheating slut I'd just become. My second orgasm was on its way as I whispered in his ear.
"Fuck me!"
He smiled a lustful smile as I rode his cock, feeling his length slide in and out of my wet pussy. The slurping sounds of our sexual antics were echoing around the tiled chamber as my second orgasm surged through me. I realised that we didn't know each other's names yet here we were fucking each other to a frenzy. This added to my state of arousal, that I had become a cheating hot wife and I didn't even know the name of the cock fucking me deliriously. I'd never felt so aroused in my entire life and felt that I would do anything to please to this cock. I slowly unzipped my dress from the cleavage down revealing my bare pierced nipples to my new lover. His lips clamped onto my hard nipples as he licked and chewed the fleshy tips. I opened the zip fully revealing my PVC Waspie and stockings as my lover saw my shaved mound for the first time. I leant back slightly so he could see his cock sliding in and out of shaved pussy. He grinned like a Cheshire cat, watching his cock plough my hole. Removing my dress completely, he indicated to me to get down on my knees. I willingly obeyed, getting on all fours, opening my stocking clad legs wide as I arched my back, pushing my bare ass into the air.
He knelt behind me, sliding his weapon deep inside my pussy and began to fuck me vigorously. My asshole was puckering with each forceful thrust of his hard cock, my pussylips stretched around the shaft of his blood engorged cock. He slapped my ass in a playful manner and said.
"Are you enjoying my cock slut?"
"I'll enjoy it even more if you fuck my ass!" I shocked him with my outrageous slut behaviour.
He spat on my puckered ring and wormed his finger inside my ass, lubricating my ring with his warm saliva. Withdrawing his huge cock from my cunt, he placed the purple tip at my puckered ring and gently pushed his bell end into my ass. My ass snapped over his large helmet as inch by inch his cock slid into my asshole. Pushing myself back onto his cock, the entire length filled my ass delightfully. The searing heat and stinging sensation his cock was giving to my ass, made me volunteer my next sentence.
"Fuck my ass with your huge cock, then cum in my mouth!" I panted.
"You dirty married slut!" he growled "You love cheating on your husband and fucking other cocks don't you?"
"I didn't realise just how much until now!" I whispered as his cock drilled my ass.
"You'll have to give me your number as I need to fuck this pussy and ass again!" he pleaded.
"You give me your number and I'll call you when I want you to fuck me!" I smiled "But it would have to be at your place!"
"No problems, just as long as you wear this or something like it!" he stammered as he continued sliding his cock in and out of my ass.
"I'll wear whatever you want and do whatever you want!" I exclaimed "I'll even let you take photos!"
The words had just tumbled out of my mouth when the flash of an iPhone camera bounced off the tiled walls. He was taking pics of his cock fucking my ass. This sent me over the edge as a huge gushing orgasm burst out of me. He continued taking photos as he snarled through gritted teeth that he was going to cum.
"Cum in mouth and use me like a slut!" I whispered.
He pulled his cock from my ass and positioned himself in front of my face, holding his hard cock by the shaft as the first splash of spunk landed on my tongue. In rapid succession, three violent splurges of thick creamy spunk burst into my open mouth. Placing my red lips over his helmet I gently sucked the last remaining drops from his cock.
"Take my spunk bitch!" he snarled as his cock twitched in mouth, emptying all of his virile young spunk into my willing throat. Swallowing every single drop, I continued gently sucking and chewing his deflating sensitive cock. Removing his cock from my mouth, I lay across the tiled floor, opening my legs, revealing my shaved mound and plundered asshole.
"Take some souvenir pics if you want and I'll finger my pussy for you!" I said acting like the obedient cock slut.
He clicked about a dozen pics off, looking very pleased with himself as I slid two fingers inside my pussy and one long taloned finger, circling my asshole then sliding inside.
"Come on I'll need to get back to my husband and you'll need to give me your number as I definitely want that cock again!" I handed him my phone as he punched the digits of his mobile into the keypad. His phone rang with the uptown funk ringtone.
"You are sensational. You love cock don't you?" he smiled placing his cock back inside his trousers.
"I do love cock and I love what it does to me!" I smiled "Come on then let's get out of here and I'll call you tomorrow, plus I want another dance later!" I exclaimed
Helping me into my dress, he zipped the full length, smoothing the tight material over my curves and lingerie, ensuring everything was smooth. Handing me a stick of mint chewing gum, he gave me a soft sensual kiss and said.
"I can't wait till I'm inside you again!" Opened the disabled toilet and went out into the darkness of the night club.
Gathering my bag I straightened my make up then left the cubicle to go re-join my husband, but this time as an unfaithful hot slut wife.