I ran into an old friend named Greg that I hadn't seen in a couple of years. As we were catching up over drinks he started telling me this story about his wife.
Greg found about her activities first from a guy who worked in a business near where Greg's wife worked. Greg talked to several people until he had enough of the story to confront his wife. After he promised not to get angry, she told him everything. This is what she told him. Her name is Linda.
Linda and Greg had been married about eight years and had two kids in elementary school. They were pretty normal, middle class suburbanites. Since Linda worked full time she wasn't really a soccer mom, but she did spend most of her non-working time taking care of the house and kids. She was a respectable woman who dressed modestly and didn't drink, dance, or party.
Greg had an office job on the other side of town that added a one-hour commute each way to his time at work. Linda worked for a financial representative in a small office about five miles from her house.
The office was just three rooms on the side of a strip shopping center in an older neighborhood. It was just the two of them in the office. Linda's desk was a reception area in front. The front of the office was all windows facing the parking lot. The rep had a small office in the middle and a short hallway led to the back room. The back room was a combination meeting room/break room/storage room. The door to the back room was usually open and the room was visible from the front door.
Greg said that Linda hadn't given him blowjobs much and wasn't very good at it. She tried occasionally, just to please Greg, but it really didn't do much for him. He jokingly told her once that she just needed to do lots of practicing to get better at it.
At work, Linda's boss was frequently gone from the office. He was mostly gone on sales calls or meetings or trying to make contacts. He also traveled quite a bit. This left Linda alone in the office most times. Customers came in from time to time. She also got a daily visit from the mail carrier and frequent deliveries of packages from several delivery services. She was friendly with all of them. She got to know the mailman and all of the delivery guys since it was a regular route for them.
Linda would chat with the guys and talk about families and they would all joke around. The mailman was an older guy who would just drop off the mail, wink at her, and leave. The UPS guy was always in such a hurry. He would give her a smile and a friendly greeting, but then get on his way as quickly as possible. There were three other services that made fairly regular deliveries. These guys moved a little more leisurely and would spend a few minutes chatting before they left.
The men naturally flirted with the pretty girl behind the desk. She flirted back knowing it was harmless fun. However, as her life was getting to be dull and routine, she started looking forward more and more to the visits from the delivery men. It was something different and fun and a little naughty.
To liven things up a bit, Linda started dressing just a little less conservatively. She couldn't go too far because of her customers and because Greg would notice. She started wearing blouses that she could button or unbutton to show more or less chest (her tits weren't quite big enough to have much cleavage). When she saw a customer arrive or the boss come back, she could button up her blouse before they came in the office. When she saw a delivery truck arrive she could open up a button or two to tease the driver. She also would often wear wrap skirts. She could open the wrap to show more leg or close it to be more proper. She was just having some guilty, but harmless, fun.
As time went by she began to open more and more buttons. Soon she had to start wearing a sexier bra because so much of it would show. She then started sliding her wrap skirt open more or sliding it up her legs if it wasn't a wrap. When she pushed back from her desk the men could see almost to her panties. She also started wearing sexier panties. To keep Greg in the dark, she'd change her bra and panties after she got to work. Naturally she'd have to stand up and lean over her desk to sign for the delivery. With her shirt unbuttoned the men got a great view of her tits in her sexy, often see-through, bra.
As she became more comfortable with the drivers their conversations became more personal. During one of the flirting deliveries, Linda mentioned that her husband had told her she needed to practice her blowjobs more. Since the drivers didn't know each other she would often use the same jokes with each of them. Of course, each driver told her she could practice on him. After that, each delivery included asking how her practice was coming. Since she was usually sitting at her desk in the reception area in front of the windows, all they did was talk.
One day she was working in the back room when her favorite driver arrived with a delivery. She saw his truck pull up from the back room. The bell dinged when he came in and she called back to him to bring the package back there. He took care of the delivery and asked Linda for a soda. She gave him one out of the fridge and they chatted a bit. Of course, he asked her about her blowjob practice. He reminded her that he was a volunteer assistant. Feeling a bit naughty, she began walking toward him talking about getting some practice now. She expected him to back down since he was married and since he needed to get on with his deliveries.
They were both talking trash expecting the other one to stop. When she grabbed his belt and started to undo it she was sure he would stop her then. Instead, he just helped her a bit. The next thing she knew his pants were open and his dick was in her hand. Unlike her husband, this guy was circumcised. It was different and a little odd to her. She looked at it and felt it like a little tentatively. She pulled on it a time or two and he breathed a little heavier. She noticed that it was starting to get hard. Then she knelt down and took a close look at it.
She had gone this far now and couldn't stop. Her heart was beating hard. She flicked her tongue against it and heard him take a breath. Then she started running her tongue around the head. It was fun to tease him like this. It was also fun to watch and feel his dick growing and getting harder. Finally, she put her mouth around it and started moving it in and out of her mouth. She cupped his balls with her other hand and felt of them, but soon had to grab his ass to steady herself.
He began thrusting into her mouth as she ran her tongue around and sucked. They kept this up for a few minutes until he finally shot his cum into mouth. Greg said that Linda didn't like getting cum in her mouth. It took many years before she'd let him cum in her mouth and then she'd run to the bathroom and spit it out. Linda told Greg that she had intended to do that this time, too. But the driver grabbed the back of her head and wouldn't let go. He gave a deep thrust into her mouth and shot his load into the back of her throat. She had to swallow or choke. He held her head and kept his dick in her mouth until he had emptied his balls. Then he pulled out. By then Linda had swallowed just about all of his cum.
She went to the sink and rinsed out her mouth. By the time she turned back around the driver had pulled his pants back up and picked up his clipboard. He told her that it was a good start and to keep practicing. He then told her he'd see her next time. He winked and left.
Linda said that when she went back to her desk she thought about what had just happened. She had just given a blowjob to a casual friend. It had that naughty excitement that comes with sex as a teenager or sex you're not supposed to have. She enjoyed the thrill and decided that it wasn't going to hurt Greg any. If anything, he'd benefit from it since she now knew she could swallow cum without throwing up.
That was on a Monday. On Wednesday one of the other drivers came for a delivery. She had been wondering if the same thing might happen with any of the other drivers. She didn't want to make things weird with them if they didn't want to do it. Besides, both of the other drivers were married also. They might just be all talk. She had decided not to pursue it with the other two drivers. But when this one pulled up she found herself going to the back room.
When he came in the door she called out from the back room again, just like with the other driver. He brought the package back and they chatted as usual. She had her blouse unbuttoned almost to her waist and was wearing a sheer bra that easily showed her nipples. In the past there was always a desk between her and the driver. This time there was nothing between them.
As was their habit, the driver asked about her blowjob practice. She made a comment about still needing it and went to him and started on his belt. He began to help right away. She got his pants down and began to handle his dick. It was different from the other driver's. Neither dick was anything special, just different from each other. She began like last time and soon had it in her mouth. This driver coached her as she sucked telling her what to do. He lasted about as long as the last guy and then shot his cum into her mouth. She noticed that his cum tasted different from the other driver's. It seemed maybe a little sweeter. She thought that was odd. She swallowed as much as she could, then pulled away from him. She went to the sink and rinsed out her mouth. When she turned back around the driver gave her a little kiss on the cheek and left.
There were no more deliveries that week. That weekend Linda decided to try out her new skills on Greg. He seemed pleased but he didn't comment. Greg said that he didn't remember the specific time but that he did notice Linda getting better at giving blowjobs. He remembered wondering where she was learning it.
On the next Tuesday the first guy came back. He didn't have a delivery he said he just wanted to check if she had any packages for him to pick up. They wound up in the backroom again with his pants around his ankles. This time he slumped down in a chair. When Linda bent over to take his dick in her hand the driver reached in her shirt and grabbed her tits. She stopped for a minute just holding his dick while the driver massaged her tits. She hadn't planned on this and wasn't sure what to think about it. But it did feel good so she didn't stop him. However, when she kneeled down between his knees he couldn't reach them anymore. She slowly put his dick in her mouth and worked on him until he came with a grunt, again he held her head on his dick until he had drained it all.
This time, while she was rinsing her mouth at the sink, the driver came over and started rubbing her ass through her dress. When she turned around he kissed her on the mouth, smiled, and left.
The third delivery driver showed up that Friday. She was at her desk when he came in. She was wearing a pullover blouse that wasn't going to show much, so she slid her skirt up until it was bunched at her waist. When he came in she moved her chair back enough so he could see her legs. He could also see her see-through panties and the pubic hairs peaking around them just a bit.
The driver seemed a bit nervous as he delivered the package. Linda offered him a soda and went into the back room to get it out of the refrigerator. He followed her back and began drinking it back there. Like the other two drivers, it ended with him getting a blowjob from Greg's wife. She swallowed his cum thinking about how he tasted compared to the other two drivers.
On the next Monday the second driver showed up to deliver a package and get his second blowjob. Linda didn't disappoint him. This time when she got down between his knees she pulled her skirt up to her waist. Her tiny panties were all lace and sheer fabric. The driver got hard right away, speeding up the process.
After Linda had rinsed the unswallowed portion of his cum out of her mouth and turned back around, the driver got on his knees in front of her and lifted up her dress. He rubbed her thighs, kissed her tummy, and kissed her pussy over her panties. Then he got up and left.
That really got Linda hot. Another man was touching her and feeling her and putting his mouth on her. It was such a nasty thrill.
The next day, Tuesday, the first driver showed up. Linda was at her desk when he came in. He just carried the package to the back room and waited. Linda walked back there and he grabbed her ass. She had to take a few steps to get out from in front of the door where anybody walking by could have seen her.
He pulled her to him and lifted up her skirt so he could cup her ass cheeks. She undid his belt and pulled out his dick. He sat in the chair as she started to work on him. After a few minutes he stopped her and said that it was her turn. She wasn't sure what he meant until he stood up and put her in the chair. He pushed her skirt up and slid her panties down off of her feet. Then he got between her legs and started licking her pussy.
She had not expected this and was unprepared for it. It took her quite by surprise. She gasped and tried to think of what to do about it. It felt so good, though, that she didn't stop him. He was pretty good with his tongue. He put his fingers in her pussy and licked and sucked her clit. She finally started moaning and panting and came with a series of jerks.
Giving blowjobs was one thing, but now another man was licking her married pussy and sticking his fingers in her, and a married man at that. She didn't know quite what to think. It made her heart beat a little harder whenever she thought about it.
Over the next couple of weeks the other drivers both got blowjobs and she got another tongue job from the first driver. She was now averaging two or three blowjobs a week. She began to really look forward to it. Sucking on several men's dicks was a great way for her to get some relief from the mundane, suburban mom rut that she had gotten into.
Then the first driver decided to take it a little farther. On that day he let her start to suck his dick, then he pulled her skirt and panties off and started licking her pussy. After he got her really hot and wet he stopped. He just looked her in the eye, then straitened up and put his dick up to her pussy. Her eyes got a little bigger when she saw what he was doing. But she was really horny and really wanted to cum.
He pushed his dick into her slowly. She took a deep, sharp breath as he slid it in. He eased it almost out and then pushed it in again. As he began to pick up the pace he pushed her shirt and bra up over her head and threw them on the floor. Now Greg's wife was naked in her office in the middle of the afternoon getting fucked by a delivery driver. They were both panting and humping against each other. She finally came with a moan and a grunt. That caused him to cum as he pushed deep into Linda's pussy.
He pulled out of her streaming cum and buttoned his pants.
Linda sat there a minute trying to recover. Just then the bell on the door dinged signaling that someone had come in. An older female voice called out "hello?" Linda shouted "just a minute" and grabbed her skirt and blouse. She quickly wiped the cum off of her pussy with her panties and put her skirt and blouse on leaving her panties and bra on the floor.
Linda followed the delivery guy out saying "thank you" in a friendly but formal way. She hoped it sounded that way, at least, and not too out of breath. She also hoped the old woman couldn't smell the cum that was starting to leak out of her pussy.
Linda took care of the woman as quickly as she could but then it seemed like a steady stream of people just kept coming and going. It was a couple of hours before she could get back to the restroom and get cleaned up. By that time the cum had dried on her pussy and in the crack of her ass. The back of her dress felt a little crusty, too. She cleaned up the best she could and was just picking her panties and bra up off of the floor when her boss came in.
She left work as quickly as she could and got in her car to drive home. Even though home was only about five miles away it was all traffic and red lights. It usually took 20 to 25 minutes to make the drive at that time of day.
It had been such a hot, wild afternoon for her. First getting fucked by that driver, then working with all those people and not wearing underwear while his cum leaked out of her. She just couldn't believe she had been so nasty. It was a huge thrill. As she drove home thinking about it she started getting that feeling again. She still hadn't gotten to put her bra and panties on.
While sitting at a red light she was lost in thought about the afternoon. Linda slid her dress up, spread her legs, and started rubbing her fingers on her clit. Then she noticed the driver in the pickup in the lane to her right could see into her car and was watching. She stopped for a second, then went back to rubbing. It felt really good and he couldn't do anything about it. Besides, him watching just made it hotter. She kept it up through all of the slow traffic and red lights until she finally pulled into her driveway. She wondered how many people had seen her pussy and watched her masturbating. Greg wasn't home yet and the kids were at daycare. So she sat in the driveway and kept rubbing her pussy and pushing her fingers in and out until she came.
After she calmed down a bit she looked around. She didn't know if any of the neighbors had seen her or not. She went in the house, cleaned up, and got ready to be a suburban wife and mom again.
Within a couple of weeks all three of the delivery drivers were fucking Greg's wife. They each made it a point to come by at least once a week to fuck her. Sometimes they had time for a little foreplay and sometimes it was just a quick fuck as she leaned over the table. She always took their cum in her because that just made it nastier. Then one of the drivers got transferred to a different route. However, he must have clued the new driver in because when the new driver made his first delivery he smiled and asked if he should take it to the back room. That afternoon Greg's wife fucked a complete stranger.
Linda's adventure continued for a few months until she got too careless. She was bent over getting fucked from behind by another new driver. But instead of being well back in the back room, her upper body was visible through the back room door, the front door, and the parking lot. Her boss arrived in time to see her leaning over with her naked tits swinging back and forth as the driver pounded in and out of her. She and the driver both got fired over that.
By that time Greg knew much of what was going on. It was after she got fired that Greg confronted Linda and she wound up telling him the whole story. Greg said that he and Linda were still together. He's pretty sure she's still fucking around at her new job, but he gets plenty of great sex so I guess he's satisfied.