Prologue: This an continuation of the Kink Initiation story about a couples introduction into the world of Kink through a visit to a Kink B&B.
On the drive up to Santa Rosa to visit our friends Marsha and Tom, Susan sat quietly occasionally snuggling up close to me. We continued making small talk and avoiding talking about the earlier night's adventure.
"You know I only did that stuff because Mistress Crystal was controlling me." She said matter-of-factly.
"Did you enjoy the experience?"
"I'm not sure, it was a surreal experience. There were moments that it terrified me and then sometimes I felt I was having an 'out-of-body experience'. Like I was an observer of my shocking actions, but it wasn't me. What got me the most was the intense sexual arousal I was feeling as I was being led around in public naked."
"I know, I was expecting you quit once she led you out into the street. I almost told Mistress to stop, but you seemed determined to continue."
Bungee jumping came to mind as I tried to figure it out, she let herself go over the edge, trusting that the bungee would let her approach disaster then bring her back safely. It's the adrenaline boost, that's what makes the rush was insane... a feeling of complete, adrenaline-induced euphoria.
"You knew I wouldn't let anything life threatening happen to you, didn't you?"
"Yes, and I felt confident that Mistress wouldn't let anything bad happen. Although it played out more intense than I expected, I strangely enjoyed it."
Before I could continue, Marsha called Susan's phone, "You guys getting close, Tom is going to fire up the grill for lunch."
They continued with small talk while I concentrated on dealing with freeway traffic.
Marsha and Tom used to be our next - door neighbors before they moved out to California ten years ago. We kept in touch over the years, more Susan and Marsha than Tom and I.
Tom and I always worked a lot of overtime, so the girls did most of the socializing. We would go out to dinner and play cards and share the occasional backyard BBQ when we could find the time.
They lived in an older neighborhood, lots of tall trees and very well kept. Tom, still looking like an older surfer guy complete with long shaggy blonde hair was standing in the driveway to greet us. Marsha, tall, tan and looking very sexy in her white tennis outfit was standing by Tom's side.
After the obligatory hugs and back slapping Tom offered to help me with the luggage and show us the house.
Their house looked like a hacienda with terracotta-hued roof tiles, in addition to the terracotta roof tiles there was stone accents and golden-hued stucco façade, the design was for easy indoor-outdoor living. The house wrapped around a central courtyard with a loggia, master suite, guest suite, and casita opening directly to it. There is a swimming pool and hot tub in the center courtyard.
Tom could see my look of amazement, "All that overtime paid off, it was worth it to be able to come home to this."
After we got settled in the guest suite, we went out to visit with Tom in the courtyard. Tom had an outdoor kitchen, complete with a refrigerator, a grill and a large screen TV.
I joked, "That's not like your old Weber grill."
We had a leisurely lunch on the patio, with lots of sangria, maybe too much for Susan.
"So Susan what did you guys do in San Francisco last night?" asked Marsha.
Oh shit, is Susan going to tell her about her kink experience? Not that she couldn't but I don't know if Tom and Marsha would understand our experiment. I never thought them judgmental but that story could make for an awkward few days.
"Nothing special, just took in the local sights."
Whew, I'm glad she didn't go down that road. I don't know if we want to share those details.
Tom said, "We should go into downtown tonight and eat at Guy Fieri's restaurant and tomorrow night I've planned a pool get together with a few friends."
Susan always want to eat at one of Guy Fieri's restaurants so she was excited, she must have told Marsha in the past.
"Tom, we didn't bring swim suits."
"No problem, we have a whole collection of extra suits."
Later Marsha led Susan back to her bedroom to show her the collection of swim suits.
"Here try this one, it would look fantastic on you."
The suit was a very small bikini that was made of an iridescent sheen fabric.
As Susan removed her clothes, Marsha commented "We are going to do something about your bush, the suit won't cover that."
Susan blushed, "I wasn't really planning to be wearing a bikini."
"No problem, I have a place that can take care of it, we'll go tomorrow."
The next day Marsha and Susan went off together to get Susan a bikini wax while Tom and I went off to get supplies for the pool party.
When the girls returned later Susan winked at me and motioned me to come with her.
We went back to the bedroom where Susan in a flirtatious voice said, "Bob, You won't believe what I got."
Thinking it was some new piece of jewelry, "Ok what did you get?"
"Just wait till you see this." as she started taking off her shorts.
Hmm I'm thinking new panties. When she removed her panties, I fully expected to be greeted by a slightly trimmed bush.
"Damn that's quite a trim." After viewing a total removal of all of her pubic hair.
"You won't believe the experience I had at the Salon, turns out that Marsha owns the salon. We had a few Mimosas and next thing I remember Marsha was holding my legs while a Vietnamese girl plucked stray hairs off my pussy."
As I looked at her swollen and red labia lips, "That must have hurt."
"Yes, although it wasn't as bad as I would have imagined. The redness is just irritation from the waxing, it should go away in a few days. Marsha gave me some avocado oil to rub on to reduce the inflammation."
"Marsha convinced me that I need a Brazilian wax instead of a trim; after she said it was on her, I had no excuse."
"Well, you don't have to worry about anything showing in that bikini now."
When we returned to the living room I commented to Marsha, "You didn't tell us you owned a salon."
"Yes, Tom wanted me to find something to do besides shop and spend his money. So one day while I was getting my nails done and overheard the previous owner tell someone that she had to go back to Vietnam to take care of her family and didn't know what to do with the shop. Next thing Tom told me to make her an offer, and she accepted."
The Pool party.
Later that evening, the pool party guests started arriving. It was a cross section of suburban life, average looking men and women. Several of the women were truly stunning, one busty long haired redhead stood out from the rest.
Marsha introduced us to everyone, but as we stood in front of the tall redhead, reminiscent to a Vogue cover girl. An ethereal, gossamer creatures with translucent, milky white skin and deep red long hair. I focused so much on her beauty, I missed her name.
"Susan is a member of the 'club'," with that, the redhead put her hand on her pussy causing Susan to blush.
Apparently Marsha, liked introducing people into the "Brazilian Club", including men. I was glad she didn't want to introduce me to the club. I wouldn't want to go through the waxing after I saw what it did to Susan's pussy.
Tom continued to grill snacks, enlisting me to be the bartender. As the drinks flowed, the girls removed their cover--ups, and several got into the hot tub. Most of the women had nothing more than a string bikini, trying to contain their overflowing breasts.
It's easy to see that most of the girls needed a Brazilian, their suits were not going to cover up much. Given the absence of tan lines I guessed that most spent lots of time in the sun.
Susan appeared in the borrowed iridescent bikini, it barely covered her pussy and her tits.
When she came up to the bar for a drink, she asked, "How does the suit look, It feels too revealing."
"No, it looks fine, you and Marsha made a good choice," but I'm thinking, your kink outfit was revealing, this is tame by that standard.
Marsha warned, "Susan you shouldn't get into the hot tub or the pool for a few days, the pool chemicals on your inflamed labia will be painful."
The booze and food continued to flow, someone sets up a limbo pole and crossbar. When the music changed to Trinidad steel drum calypso, with the bar set high, a few women started to go under. As people tried one by one, the crowd cheered them on to continue. When the bar got lower, one woman's had a nip slip, but she continued undeterred. Another one tried, and her left tit fell out, apparently bikinis are not made to hold boobs in while inverted. The women continued to leave their tits out even after they made it under the bar and got back in line to try again.
It was as though there was a contagion in the air, suddenly all the women standing inline removed their tops and went under the bar topless, while the others continued to gyrate in sync to the music.
As the bar lowered more, a woman challenged another to go under minus their suit, under the premise that the suit may snag on the bar. It soon became a nude limbo, the rest of the women not wanting to be the only ones to have a suit on shed theirs. That's when Susan decided to show off her new wax job, she removed her suit and reviled her swollen red pussy to the cheers of the crowd; she squatted down and tried to get under the bar, but as she opened her legs wide to get lower, her pussy opened wider and wider providing an interesting view of her wetness.
The women squatted down with their legs spread out wide and hopping forward, trying to inch under the bar; it looked like a dancing gynecological exam. Pussy's opened wide enough to see all the way their tonsils. The redhead was missing from the competition; I was so looking forward to seeing her naked.
The next round took Susan out of the competition after she fell over. After the last contestant made it under the bar and won; the calypso music stopped.
The pace changed when the music changed to the beach boys, couples started dancing with each other. Some couples began discreetly going off behind the pool landscaping to doing some sucking and fucking, the landscape only obscured part of their activity not their sounds.
Susan came over to me at the bar and whispered, "Can you finger my pussy, I'm so horny".
"Right here," as I pulled her to me and reached for her wet pussy.
Neither of us looked to see if anyone was paying attention as I moved my fingers down to her wet slit. I slid my finger into her swollen pussy, she let out a small "ouch" as I grazed her still tender lips. It didn't seem to take long for her to come, fortunately she held onto the bar to keep her balance while the spasms subsided.
She no sooner finished when the redhead came over, "I want to get some of that too, do you mind"?
She was definitely not a sun worshiper; her pale skin had nary a hint of tan lines. Her tits partially covered by her hair, those large pink nipples stood out and became the focus of my attention. I nodded my head as an afterthought; she dropped to her knees and began to lick the juices off Susan's pussy. I was mesmerized by the sight of her preparing to go down on Susan. I wished I could trade places and have her suck my cock instead of lapping Susan's pussy.
It took a second for Susan to realize what was happening, her face looked as though she was about to object, but then turned into a look of pleasure as a tongue hit her erect clit.
Whatever the redhead was doing caused spasms. The bar jerked as each one flashed by. Susan guided the redhead's head by holding her head by her long red hair, until she had the climax she wanted.
"Thank you", as she finished and stood up and kissed her. Susan was still having spasms as the redhead walked away.
There went my chance of a blow job by the redhead, I hope we see her again maybe I'll get my turn.
Susan regained her composure, but visibly shaken. "I think I'm done for the night... I need to go back to the room."
I hadn't realized that Tom was standing right in the same spot behind the grill and saw the whole thing.
"Bob, you're done for the night, go along with Susan."
I passed Marsha on the way, making an apology, "Susan isn't feeling well and went back to the room."
When I entered the room, Susan was in the shower.
When she got out, she asked "Bob, do you think I'm turning into a lesbian. I really enjoyed that with the redhead."
"Do you still love sucking cock."?
"Well, yes, but I loved her sucking my pussy; she really knew how to get me to climax. I wouldn't mind letting her doing me again, just to make sure."
"Maybe Marsha can arrange that because we don't even know her name."
We could hear the party still going. I wondered if saw the redhead again, maybe I could get a blow job, but maybe she is not into dicks.
Susan motioned me to come over and lay beside her on the bed. As we lay there, she started kissing my cock, then went on to suck my thickening shaft until I came, proving a relaxing climax to our unusual evening.
The next day we expected a commentary on last night's activities, but the talks centered on the old neighborhood. I'm not sure if last night was so normal they didn't think about it being a topic of conservation. Susan tried to find out who the redhead was, but Marsha just ignored the question. I'm sure Susan would like to hook up with her before we headed back to San Francisco. Oh well, maybe another time.
Back at home.
One afternoon, after we returned, I told Susan to put on her kink outfit and we will have some fun. When she returned, I put in her ball gag, strapped her wrist and secured them to her sides. Then I attached her collar and leashed to a metal ring on the fireplace large wooden mantel. She was quite a sight standing there naked except for a leather harness. Her untanned pubic area and breasts provided quite a contrast against the black leather harness. Her pussy lips, no longer swollen and irritated, didn't stand out like they did after the waxing.
I had no sooner completed the tasks when the doorbell chimed. It startled Susan; she started trying to talk, but the gag only lets out a muffled sound as she began shaking her head, no.
I knew who was at the door; it was Jared the terminator, terminator, as in pest control. I liked calling him the terminator, it somehow boosted his stature. I had scheduled him to come today and spray for wasps, Susan had noticed them before and she wanted them gone before going out in the yard, since she is allergic to stinging insects. I put it off since we were going to California, and now the nests were larger.
Jared besides being our pest control guy was Susan's cousin. Jared also participated in our biweekly card games with a few of my other friends. Jared was about 5'5" skinny as a rail, somewhat handsome, or at least Susan said so on an occasion when she tried to fix him up with her girlfriend.
I started for the door and Susan started to panic, she after all was naked and chained to the fireplace. All I could hear was a muffled tirade through the gag, I'm sure she was begging me not to open the door.
For a second I debated myself on whether to open the door, would Jared keep a secret about what was about to happen? I knew he liked looking at Susan's tits, because I caught him several times looking down her blouse when she bent over. But how would he react to seeing her naked, and chained to the fireplace?
"Hey Jared" as I opened the door enough for him to enter.
He stopped as soon as he entered; he caught sight of Susan chained to the fireplace. He gave me the "what the fuck" look, he didn't know what to say or do. He wanted to look, but feigned trying to look away as if to spare Susan the embarrassment of him staring at her, but his prurient side took over as he moved closer to inspect her nipples.
"Jared, sorry you have to see this, but Susan is being punished for being a bad girl."
"No problem... I'll pretend I didn't see her, punish away." As he continued to eye her all over.
Susan continued to make more agitated muffled sounds and Jared inched closer.
"What I called you for is the wasp nests, you know Susan is allergic, so they have to go."
"Can you show me where they are and I'll get my stuff and terminate them."
"Well, Susan is going to have to show you where they are, I'm not sure where they all are located."
Jared just looked at me with a puzzled look, I'm sure he was trying to figure out how this was going to work. Was Susan going to put on some clothes and show him, surely she wouldn't go out naked.
Before he could ask, I unhooked the leash and handed it to him, "She will show you where to spray."
Now Susan was really agitated, I could only imagine what she was saying or calling me.
Susan balked at going out the door, she wasn't going outside naked, led on a leash for the neighbors to see. I gave her a quick whack across the ass with a leather riding crop, which got her attention.
"Jared you have to be the master," as I handed him the crop, "if she hesitates, give her a good whack on the ass, after all she is being punished."
Jared face lighted up as though I had given him some noble duty to perform. Susan followed along as he went through the door, her ass now starting to show a red welt.
Our house was surrounded by a tall privacy fence on three sides, the only public exposure was from the front door to the side gate and from the other gate back to the front door. She would be in public view for maybe a total of seventy-five feet, anyway, it was afternoon and most neighbors were at work.
I have security cameras on all sides so I can monitor their progress around the property; they are continually recording so I'll have the trip available for later viewing.
They moved around the house with Susan stopping at the areas where the nests were located, I could see her nod her head at each spot trying to signal that this was a spot.
I noticed that he apparently had his phone out a few times recording her when she wasn't looking. Jared continued to lead her around till they got to the last gate. Susan stopped like she wasn't going back out front, without hesitation Jared whacked her ass, Susan wasn't going to wait for another whack so she moved out front. A few cars came down the street, but none stopped to look, perhaps they didn't see her.
I thought about not opening the front door and leave them out front for a while, but I didn't and opened the door when they arrived.
Jared had such a look of exhilaration and that mostly had to do with all his blood going to his cock. Susan had a blank expression and totally quiet so I wasn't sure how she felt about this experience.
Jared handed the leash back to me as I chained her back to the fireplace.
"Jared you got some bugs to kill, we'll talk when you're done.
Jared was somewhat let down, he wanted to see what was going to happen next.
After about twenty minutes, Jared finished and came back to the door and I let him in.
"Jared have you ever seen such a bald pussy, it's called a Brazilian. You want to feel how smooth the lips are with no hair."
Jared needs no inducement, he put his hand on her pussy lips remarking, "They are smooth, I never saw a bazillion up close."
"You know they need to be oiled with this special avocado oil to keep them smooth, you want to smooth some on to check it out?"
I put a few drops on Susan pussy lips, "Rub this in and don't miss a spot."
Susan started getting agitated, moving her hips and trying not to let Jared rub in the oil. As soon as he touched her pussy lips, she calmed down. Jared soon became bored with just rubbing in the oil, his fingers slid ever so slowly into her pussy. Showing no resistance to entry, he continued on and Susan started moving her hips as if in approval. He curled his fingers inside, his thumb brushed her clit by reflex. She got instantly wet, moaning in pleasure as he continued to finger fuck her.
Susan was going to get off soon, "Grab her nipples and tweak them, she loves them teased."
As though Jared needed the extra sexual preferences of Susan while he played with her clit.
Jared fingers increased the pace, pushing her towards an unbelievable high. She was moaning, possibly begging him not to stop as he tweaked her nipple and fingered her.
Losing control of her body at that point. Her muscles convulsed, as her pussy clamped around his fingers, she came and came.
While everyone was in heat and hormone raging, it seemed like a fun thing to let Jared get somewhat intimate with Susan. Now came the awkward point, the climax after the climax, Jared looked like he was just caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
"Err, I don't know what came over me, I just got caught up in the excitement. Should I apologize to Susan... or to you or the both of you?"
I disconnected Susan's leash and remove her gag. Frankly, I had no idea of what she was going to say or do.
She motioned for Jared to come to her, he hesitated at first, fearing some sort of retribution. Susan gave him a big hug and then a kiss.
"That was the most intense orgasm I have ever had, thank you guys. Now I am going to take a shower and get cleaned up."
"I was glad I could help you, and you don't have to worry about those wasps."
With that, she chuckled and went back to the bedroom, leaving Jared and myself looking at each other in disbelief.
We both just stood there trying to think of something to say, but what do you say to a guy who just finger fucked your wife into an intense orgasm?