"Yes Master." I entered room one and stripped as my Master came in behind me. He held the dress over my head. I slipped my arms through the sleeves. We both pulled down the extremely sheer black floor length dress. The dress was so sheer, it was barely a dress. But then my Master begins gathering it up and ended up with a thickness over his boobs and around my hips which covered his pussy and but was so short that my ass cheeks could be seen. But that's the way he wanted me to wear it.
"We can change the dress gathers any way I want them, my girl."
"I see that Master." I undressed and put back on my halter top and the chaps while Master paid for the dress. Then we left again by taxi. He told the driver the name of place to go to but I didn't know it.
"Release the beast mine."
I managed to say "yes Master" but I was all giggly from his 'beast' order. He laughed with me as I unbuckled his jeans and released his cock. He pulled me over his lap and reached between my legs.
"See, I knew these chaps would come in handy."
"Yes Master, I managed to get that out before squealing as his fingers brought a quick orgasm.
"That was fast mine. Fuck you are soaked. It seems his dick is attached to his pussy by telepathy since it immediately got hard as a rock and very stiff. I reached down but my hand bumped his hand. "Don't touch. Hands behind your back."
"Yes Master," and did as told. He pushed that hard cock into his wet waiting pussy. I took it and held on tightly with the warm walls of my pussy. I road my Master in the back of that taxi like I was riding a wild stallion. He slid down in the seat and let me ride him hard. I shook my head with each orgasm as I squealed. My long blond hair was flying around the back of the taxi.
The driver again tilted his mirror. "Enjoy the joy because that's all you get out of my treasure." I bend down to kiss my Master. The kiss was long and deep as our tongues entwined and my soft moans traveled down his throat. His hands roamed over my body as he held me. He began to buck up into his pussy harder than I could go down. I screamed as another orgasm hit me and then a third and a fourth. My juices were running down into the seat and on our legs.
Master pulled me down hard and bucked up hard. I felt his dick twitch and bounce into the walls of his pussy before he shot a load into me. I held onto his shoulders and then slid my arms down and laid myself on his chest. His arms closed around me as he held me. We didn't say a word and the driver's mirror was returned to normal. Soon we stopped and I climbed off my Master. "Head for the ladies room and clean up when we get inside my girl," he said as he tucked his dick back inside his pants.
Master pulled me down hard and bucked up hard. I felt his dick twitch and bounce into the walls of his pussy before he shot a load into me. I held onto his shoulders and then slid my arms down and laid myself on his chest. His arms closed around me as he held me. We didn't say a word and the driver's mirror was returned to normal. Soon we stopped and I climbed off my Master. "Head for the ladies room and clean up when we get inside my girl," he said as he tucked his dick back inside his pants.
We leave the taxi and enter the pub. Master orders while I'm in the rest room which is for everyone. I see two men standing at urinals, so I enter a stall that does have a door. I wait for the men to leave. Then I clean myself up. As I leave, I see that a man and woman have entered the pub. Each has a girl on a leash. The slaves are on their knees. One's sucking some man's cock. The other is eating a woman's pussy.
I attempt to pass the group gathered around the two slaves, hoping not to be noticed in my halter top and ass-less chaps. But I failed passing the 2 men from the unisex restroom. As I tried to simply walk by, one whistled. I ignored him, and then he reached out and caught my arm. He reached between my legs with his other hand. His wrist was caught before making bodily contact. I turned and say my Master standing there. "Don't touch. That's mine."
The man backed off to leave, throwing out a "If you ever change your mind or want to sell her, I'm here every Wednesday and Saturday nights." My Master said no more but moved my hair so my collar was more clearly seen, took my hand to lead me to our table. We ate and then my Master played with his pussy while we sat in the booth. I reached for his belt buckle and looked up at him. He nodded and I continued. I unzipped his pants slowly. I freed the dragon held inside. Master tilted up my head.
Master's lips touched mine softly. My lips opened with his. My small tongue slowly slid inside his mouth seeking his. I began to moan as our tongues danced together. Too soon the kiss was broken and I bent my head back down. My small tongue darted out once more, this time to lick the underside of his dragon. My soft tongue slipped silently from the base to the dragon's head. As my tongue excited the nerves of the dragon, the dragon grew. It became longer, thicker and much harder.
My Master laced his fingers in my hair but didn't push. He knew I'd get there in my own time and liked to build him up to cum as he did me. He enjoyed the sweet tension his loins felt as I worked him. I bent back down to the base again. I nibbled and licked my way up. Master gathered all my hair so he could watch. My tender face and loving eyes buried against the dragon. He felt my face nuzzled against his loins. He clearly saw how much his girl loves him and worships his dragon.
He held my hair with one hand and continued to play with his clit and pussy. He'd smile when I'd squeal, my voice muffled against the dragon. I soon reached the cockhead. I swirled my tongue around it, then suckled. It wasn't long before precum oozed out to be sucked up and swallowed.
Gradually I worked my way down the dragon, sucking and licking. My Master watched my head rise and lower again. His hips began shifting up towards my mouth. He felt my teeth grazing over. It seared pleasure through his body, rising from his loins. His hand tightened in my hair. I knew it as a sign of his pleasure and continued.
My small fingers massaged his balls and dug into his thigh each time I squealed. I pumped my hand up and down his cock when I needed a break. Soon I'd worked my way down 3/4 of the dragon. Master patted his pussy and my butt. I knew he was pleased I was able to do this well. I sucked stronger as I moved down the shaft. Master's dragon twitched in my mouth. I didn't relent.
I covered the dragon with sweet kisses and started suckling again. Master pinched his clit and a strangled scream was heard. He began to thrust his hips hard into my throat. Now, he pressed down on my head. I knew to moved faster and suck harder. His dragon twitched again. He thrust a few more times and his cock shot his load. I swallowed as quickly as I could. I licked my Master's cock clean and tucked it back into his pants, zipping them up and buckling his belt.
Master lifted my head up again and gave me a gentle kiss. "Ready to go mine?"
"Yes Master. But may I go to the bathroom again?"
"Of course but this time I'm going with you. I don't want those two men following you into the bathroom." We rose from the booth and headed for the bathroom. He held me with his arm on my shoulder and my hair so that it was obvious to whom I belonged. I went into the stall to pee and came out to wash myself after having cum during the blow job. Master stayed close by me until I was finished.
We left the pub and walked down the street to check out some more shops. Master purchased some more toys. One of which was a remote vibrating egg which is controlled by the app on your phone. Master had me insert the egg in the dressing room. He adjusted his phone with the app. The clerk showed him how to work it. He hit it while I was walking from the dressing room back to him. I squealed and wiggled around. He laughed.
We left the store and walked down the street checking out pubs and shops. Along the way I was squealing and grapping Master's arm every time he hit his phone. He chuckled every time he did it. It was afternoon so many people were on the streets. I saw many women walking with their Masters and Mistresses, some on leashes and some not. I saw only two male slaves. But it seemed that everyone was either watching me or my Master. A few even stopped him to ask about the egg after seeing me jump or hearing me squeal.
We soon walked so far that Master realized that I was getting very tired. "Is my little bunny girl getting tired?"
"Yes Master. Would it be permitted to return to the hotel?"
"Yes mine. I think perhaps a nap is due before we go to dinner." He flagged down a taxi and we climbed in. It wasn't long before we reached the hotel. We exited and entered the hotel. As we waited for the elevator, Master played with his phone while I tried to keep from jumping and wiggling and especially squealing. Soon we entered the room and my Master removed my bunny tail and told me to undress. I quickly did and then helped him undress.
He walked to the bed and got under the covers. "Come mine." He pulled the covers back.
"Yes Master," then I crawled into the bed. He pulled the covers over us and wrapped me in his arms. Both of us were tired from morning and afternoon of shopping and walking.
I tend to sleep with one leg onto of the other and pulled up toward my chest. "Lift your leg."
"Yes Master," I said as I lifted my leg. I knew what my Master was going to do. He slid two fingers into his pussy, holding it and me. Once he wrapped his other arm around me, we drifted quickly off to sleep. Master awoke from his nap first. He sat up and turned around. It made me roll over and I ended up on my back. He reached between my legs and fingered his clit.
It didn't take long before I was moaning softly in my sleep as his pussy grew wet. He moved his head between my legs as his tongue licked his clit. He nibbled on the clit he owned and I woke myself moaning. Master's face was buried in his pussy and clit so he didn't realize I awoke. I turned my head and bent my body. Master realized I was awake and where I was heading. He shifted his body allowing me access to his cock.
I began licking and nibbling the underside as my Master created my first orgasm. I squealed loudly. His fingers began pumping slowly in and out of his property as his property began sucking his cockhead. The more I squealed, the harder I sucked. My wet tongue swirled around his cockhead as his tongue swirled around his clit. My hips bucked toward his mouth as the clit he owns wanted more.
My mouth dove down on his cock. I sucked as my mouth moved up and down his cock. His clit swelled larger and larger. It felt like his clit was demanding more; its own decision to want more and more. His cock swelled in my warm mouth as his pussy came more and more. His mouth drinking in my female juices as my mouth sucked to bring his cum to me. My hips moved as my Master's hips thrust to my mouth. Soon we were lost.
The more we licked and sucked, the more we drove each other onward. Lost in the waves of pleasure and driven on by desire, we were unable to slow down. We both moaned and thrust ourselves toward the other. The precum was joyfully drunk just as were my juices. Soon I was screaming and my Master pulled away from me. He roughly flipped me over. He reached around my waist and jerked me to my knees. "Get on your hands and knees slut." He pushed me down hard.
"Yes Master," I managed to say as I fell over.
"Stay down," he growled as his fingers reached into his pussy and coated his cock with my juices. He shoved his hard cock into the asshole he owns. He drove in hard and fast. I screamed loudly. He shoved his cock in over and over. Before long, I began rocking and bucking back. The desire was like a fire in my belly.
His desire was even stronger for satisfaction. He growled in his need. The strength of his thrusts equaled his need which also stirred the desire in me. The more he wanted, the more I needed. We drove each other onward. The waves of desire and need for satisfaction made us drive each other on. I climaxed time after time, as he fucked me harder and faster.
Finally he felt the twitching and his cum flowing up as he knew he was close to cuming. He reached for my long blond hair, entwining it around his fist. He arched me backward as he fucked me harder. It was only a few more times before he came. His cum spurted into the asshole he owned.
I felt it pumping into me. Master let go of my hair, allowing me to fall onto the bed. A few seconds after I hit the bed, my Master came down beside me. He gathered me in his arms kissing me. We said nothing to each other. I simply lay in his arms as he whispered "good girl, mine." I was only able to make a soft mewing sound.
"It's time for you to get dressed for dinner my girl."
"Yes, Master," I said as I climbed out of bed. "What am I to wear, Master?"
"The dress we bought at the shop."
"The one you gather up over your tits and pussy, Master?"
"Yes, mine." I go to the bathroom to brush my teeth and wash up. I come out to dress and my Master enters the bathroom after smacking my ass for going in first. He comes out to find me in the floor length dress having gathered it up making it shorter and covering his pussy and boobs.
My Master gets dressed in pants and a light linen shirt with a hat. Then he begins ungathering me. He shortens the dress to show my ass in the back and pussy in front. He pulls up the gathering until very little is covered and then pulls down the gathering so that a lot of breast is exposed.
So much of me is exposed before you get to any gathering. His V is barely covered. He moves the gathering over his tits is moved down to show the areola but the nipples are covered. He pinches his nipples until they are sticking through the gathering. All the cleavage is showing and most of the areola until the nipples are sticking through but covered by some gathering. My Master nods his approval of the way I look and we leave for dinner.
We head out. Master chooses to walk. We walk down the sidewalk with his huge tits jiggling as we walk. He reaches up to pinch his nipple, making me squeals softly. My hand inadvertently goes up to stop him. "Move your hand mine."
"Yes Master," I say as I lower my arm. He takes hold of my arm. He then pulls down the gathering to expose his breasts completely.
"How's that mine?"
"If it's what Master wants."
"It is. The way my tits swing to the side, anyone can pinch the nipples I own, girl. So don't scream or cry out if you can contain yourself."
"Yes my Master." We get to the restaurant and have to ride the elevator. As I stand in the elevator, a man on the other side of me begins tweaking my Master's nipple. I touch my Master's arm but he says nothing. When the elevator stops and opens, we step out into the foyer of the restaurant. I realize it's a restaurant that caters to the BDSM group. I'm not the only one with exposed breasts but I do have the largest. We are seated and my Master leans me over his lap to play with his tits. Master makes me squeal and he then pulls up my gathering to reach between my legs. Master finds his pussy has cum and is soaked.
"Are you enjoying your dinner mine?"
"Yes Master, very much."
We have a wonderful dinner and Master has cocktails while I have tea. After dinner, my Master asks me if I'm up for a bit of very unusual fun, something we have never done. I reply "If that's what my Master wishes."
"It is, mine" and he pulls my leash out of his jacket pocket, which he attaches to my collar. He leaves it attached until we are finished with dinner. After dinner, a host takes the stage which had rolled out from behind a curtain. He stands there with the microphone until everyone stops eating to pay attention.
"Is everyone enjoying their evening?" Several in the audience clap and others shout out.
My Master looks at me and asks simply "Is my girl finished?"
"Yes Master."
"Then go to the ladies room and remove your dress. Return to me wearing only your collar and leash, understand?"
"Yes, Master," and I rise to walk to the ladies room where I remove my dress completely. I walk back to my Master and retake my seat and put my dress on the seat next to me.
The host has moved on to say "I hope everyone is ready for audience participation tonight? After the applause quieted down, he said "Then let's get started. Who wants to bring their girl up for a show? My Master raised his hand.
"Come on up, Sir."
"Follow mine."
"On the floor, Master?"
"Stand up and walk my girl," smacking my ass as I came around the table. I squeal and follow my leash.
We reach the stage and before I kneel, the host asks "What is your girl's name Sir and let her prance around with the music." The music started and it was a sultry sexy song. I strutted my stuff with the best of them and then returned to my Master's smile and knelt beside him on the stage. He reached down and stroked my hair, pulling the blond links out to the end before allowing them to fall down.
"This is my Tears and she's a wonder."
"I can tell she knows how to dance."
"She was Gorean trained years ago."
"What do you want to do tonight with us?"
"She's never had a female go down on her. I thought I'd give her a treat and see how she reacts to it. If there are any females who would like to take my little screamer on."
"So she's a screamer?"
"Yes a very loud one."
A few volunteered their girls or the girls themselves asked if they could. A Mistress or two asked if they could but they wanted a change to purchase me for the weekend if my Master agreed. "Sorry ladies but no one is taking her home but me. However that girl with the pink hair would be good to try. I just hope she's good at this. I want mine to really squeal."
So the girl with pink hair came up on the stage. Two stage hands rolled out a table with pillows for me to lie on so that the girl didn't have to crawl on the floor and the audience could see well. They angled it so that the audience had a good view. The woman began by licking up the center before opening the lips on Master's pussy. Her tongue worked slowly up between the folds of the lips until she reached the clit.
Once she licked my clit, I went off like a rocket: screaming, kicking legs and raising my hips to her mouth. She loved the way I was reacting as did the audience with their hoots and clapping. Even my Master was giving whistles and yelling "That's my girl."
The woman continued by sucking my clit into her mouth. She rolled it between her lips and then bit lightly with her teeth. I squealed again and came immediately, filling her mouth with my sweet honey. The girl swallowed all I gave her and then yelled to the audience "She cums like a fountain and tastes great."
By this time the assistants who had rolled out the table, restrained my legs by putting my ankles in soft covered buckles. This prevented me from kicking but my hips continued to jump. As the girl continued to eat me, I began yelling "don't stop please don't stop." She didn't of course and continued until the host decided that it had continued long enough. He blamed it on my squealing.
"I think this demonstration needs to come to an end before she breaks the eardrums of the entire audience."
"You should be her Master and in bed with her," hollered my Master.
"Do you gag your slut?"
"No, I just use ear plugs. I love to hear her. But the cops have been called twice so far. They got calls that I was killing someone. I had to get her out of bed to prove she was fine." I was released and helped down from the table with the pillows. My face was bright red with embarrassment. The audience laughed and clapped for me. My Master gave me a big hug and a deep kiss, whispering in my ear "Good girl. I'm proud of you."
"I'd have the cops at my house every night if she was mine."
"My girl just makes small soft sounds. I wish she could cut loose like yours does."
The remarks from other Masters in the audience continued while I sat down embarrassed and red faced. My Master cuddled me. "Shall I fuck you on stage, mine?"
"If you wish, my Master."
"Don't give me that answer, mine. Tell me how you really feel."
"I would love it Master but not tonight, I'm already as red as I can get for one night."
"You are pretty red my girl," he said chuckling.
I drank my drink in silence but as people began leaving, they came up to shake my Master's hand and make comments about me being loud and very quick to cum. He just beamed. "I'd never trade her for another ever. This one is permanently in my collar as long as I live." I blushed as I finished my drink. Finally, we got up to leave and go back to our hotel.
Master was so proud of me that he held my hand tightly as we made our way back to the hotel. Once we arrived, I stripped as my normal procedure. Then I helped my Master undress. Finally I was allowed to go into the bathroom to brush my teeth, wash his pussy and wash my makeup off. I came out of the bathroom and he tossed me onto the bed. "Is my pussy clean?"
"Of course my Master."
"Good girl." Then he climbed between my legs. "You were so good tonight and didn't put up a fuss about anything. So I will give you a treat tonight."
"Master, what's my treat?" Master ducked down between my legs and began to lick and suck. He rolled his clit between his lips and then bit down making me scream. I came and he licked up all the female juices it produced. He continued for what seemed like an hour. I was squirming all over the bed. Master pinned me down in the bed with his legs.
"Stop wiggling so much mine. You do taste good, mine. This will be our treat tonight."
I stuttered and barely managed to say "Yes Master, as you wish." But my Master ate his girl out until the management called with complaints about the noise.
"Go wash my pussy mine and then come to bed."
"Yes Master," I said as I hopped out of bed and stumbled on weak legs to the bathroom. When I returned I crawled into his arms in the bed. He covered us up and I drifted off the sleep with my Master holding me. The night wasn't long enough and soon the morning was shining in the windows.
"Time to get up and pack mine. We have to go home today. Don't worry, I will fuck you on the stage at the club when we get home." I quickly ate breakfast which arrived to our room as I was still packing. I ducked into the bathroom to hide. After bellhop left, I came out of the bathroom to eat. Then I brushed my teeth. Master and I took a very quick shower without sex. We finished packing and then headed to the airport. I slept most of the way home.