Mr. Oldham came to meet Katie in reception. As he approached her his jaw almost hit the floor! Her boobs were now almost entirely exposed. As the blouse had begun to dry it had tightened and shrunk. Although not entirely dry at least it was no longer as transparent as it had been, but there were still some wet patches that were plain to see and they were offering little or no cover whilst being stuck to her skin. With the blouse slightly shrunken the edge of each nipple was now visible and now she was seated the horizontal openings in the lower part of her blouse were resting slightly higher and she was now showing almost a full half of her boobs right up the edge of each erect nipple.
In her haste she hadn't given any thought as to the show she might put on when standing. She had been sat crossed legged and when she uncrossed her legs to stand the front panel of the skirt slipped completely to one side. As it began to fall back in to place it caught on the tatty waist band, the lower left corner of the panel became hooked and was kept from dropping straight back down in front.
Mr. Oldham was treated to a view of her inner thigh all the way to her hip, and also what he believed to be a neatly trimmed pussy. However, before he had time to reflect on this vision his gaze rose back to her chest. Unknown to Katie the top button of the remaining few had been forced open as she had sat down and so he was also staring straight in to a completely unhampered valley of her cleavage in the middle of her chest. She hadn't realised it, but Katie's erect nipples were now the only thing stopping the blouse from opening any wider across the middle of her chest.
Katie had toyed with the idea of making an excuse for the way she had dressed, but as it was her first day she didn't want to start with an apology and so decided to not to say anything and to act normal. After the display he had just witnessed Mr. Oldham had similar thoughts. Should he say something and risk embarrassing Katie, or keep quiet and let her notice the issue with the skirt panel and open button in her own time. His mind could still scarecly belive what he was seeing. Why was she dressed in such a way, why was her 'blouse' wet and were they cum stains her could see. As his mind raced back on forward he decided to keep quiet!
Although it was a large company the labs such as those run by Mr. Oldham were pretty much independent from the main office areas and the paperwork etc. that Katie need to complete had been couriered over from the main buildings to be completed by her with Mr. Oldham. Mr. Oldham walked Katie in to his office to complete the paperwork. To get to his office they had to walk by the main lab and office areas. All the team were already in but they didn't get to see Katie as the walk to the office took them down a side corridor rather than through the main area.
When they sat in the office Katie had been very conscious about staying as still as possible and that had worked well, or so she thought. With her legs crossed her pussy was hidden but the skirt simply opened up on each side and left her naked up to the hip. She had decided not to try and cover one side or the other as she thought that it would likely draw too much attention to her plight, and so Mr. Oldham had been given a full view of her naked thighs for the entire time.
Keeping the top half of her body entirely still proved to be more difficult. Sitting back in an easy chair she was able to complete most of the paperwork without moving, but handing it back proved quite a challenge. She didn't want to stand and risk her skirt falling open any wider and so she stayed seated and had to stretch out her arms to hand the forms to him. This had an amazing effect on her blouse. She had not yet noticed that the top button had opened and although her nipples remained erect the stretching caused the blouse to pull further apart exposing more cleavage. The highest button she still had in place was level with the bottom third of her boobs, and it was struggling! By the time she had handed back the last form the button had given way and she was showing the half of each areola up to the edge of each nipple.
An hour later and with almost all his self control exhausted, Mr. Oldham took Katie out to the main office area to introduce her to the team. He had given this some thought and rather than risk a riot by introducing her to each member of staff one at a time, he decided the safest thing to do was to walk her to the front of the main office area and introduce, by announcement, her to everyone that happened to be there. If they weren't in the office for the announcement he felt sure they would soon be trying to find Katie to make their own introductions!
As they both walked in to the main office area all conversations stopped and all heads turned towards them. Mr. Oldham kept the introduction brief and informed the staff (all male) that Katie was joining them as the new trainee and would be working closely with all of them over the coming weeks.
There were no questions from anyone, all simply stood and stared at the stunning sight of Katie whilst drinking in her acres of her exposed skin. Once done Katie and Mr. Oldham both turned to walk back to the area in which Katie would be seated. Katie had been trying hard to keep eye contact with Mr. Oldham since arriving in reception. She already knew she wasn't making the best of first impressions (in her mind at least) and wanted to make sure she was completely on the ball in case there were difficult questions to answer. She was concentrating on this so much that she had almost forgotten about her precarious situation and how the blouse and skirt needed constant attention to keep them in place.
Still unknown to Katie the left corner on the front panel of the skirt was still caught on the rolled down waist band. The panel had not dropped back in place and was actually hung across her front. The light material had meant that she hadn't felt that anything was amiss when she was seated and as the view to her lap had been somewhat blocked due to her huge boobs, she wasn't been able to glance down without creating a fuss, and so she didn't!
The angle of the skirt panel meant that she since standing in reception she had been completely exposed on her left side from the top of the side split at the waist band all the way across at an angle of 45 degrees to the free hanging corner of the skirt panel. Luckily for Katie the angle of the material hung just below the bottom of her pussy so although scandalously short, when standing in front of her the view was blocked (just barely). However, Mr. Oldham wasn't stood in front he was walking on Katie's left and was being treated to a side viewed of her completely exposed thigh. Better still, with each step she took her trimmed pussy came in to view. It was all Mr. Oldham could do not to continuously stare.
Katie's focus had also meant that she had not noticed that the strain of the activities on the bus placed was taking further toll on her skirt and blouse. When she had sat in the office the waistband had dropped a little and finished slightly underneath her ass and the stitching in the already stretched band and begun to come apart. It wasn't yet at the point of ripping completely, but without the button as an anchor it had begun to fray and unravel.
When she had stood up in the office the waist had settled back in to place but it had settled a lot lower in the back than before. Katie was now displaying a good 3 inches of ass crack above the top of the skirt. With the skirt being lower, the skirt panel in back was also moving even more freely and now as she walked it swished from side to side leaving one ass cheek entirely exposed at any one time.
The exposure didn't stop there. Although the side slits on the skirt had been stitched by her roomies, they had rushed the job in order to get everything else done. The slits that had once stopped an inch below the waist band had started to widen as the stitching came loose. Within just two hours of leaving the house the side slits now reached around the waistband and were now begining to tear open around her hips. With the slits now wide open the panels at both the front and back weren't covering what they should. The top of the slits had orginally been stitched open to two inches. As they had began to tear around her hips the gaps were growing and they were now a good five inches wide. As Katie walked her pussy was now on partial display and one ass cheek was fully visible at all times. Both legs were now completely exposed all to way to her hips and with both her thighs uncovered with each step, the ass cheek that wasn't completely exposed was, at best, only half covered.
The blouse wasn't behaving either. The stitching around the open panel in the back was also coming loose and the sides were hanging open a great deal more. What had previously only been a partial view of the sides of each huge broob was now almost a full show.
Mr. Oldham didn't want Katie to get the chance to notice the way her clothes were trying to escape from her body and so quickly hustled her to her desk and chair.
Once seated, Katie began to struggle with her posture. The chair was ergonomic which meant it could be adjusted to fit the any person's requirements. Unfortunately for Katie this chair didn't want to behave and she found herself stretching forward in order to reach the desk and computer keyboard. This action only put more pressure on the already fragile stitching in both the blouse and skirt. The stitching around the open back panel of her blouse was now tearing open at an alarming rate, so much show that the angle created by leaning forward it meant that the sides of the blouse were falling further forward and giving anyone standing to the side of her a completely unobstructed side view of her huge boobs, and her permanently erect nipples.
The view from the front wasn't too bad either. With the blouse falling forward both boobs were completely free of the blouse. With the top buttons already undone the final button and taken too much punishment and had unravelled from the blouse and rolled away. Her huge boobs now hung free as she leant forward. Her full boobs could now be seen from both the front and the side.
Due to the way she was forced to lean forward the strength of the skirt was also being tested. As she had sat down the waistband around her ass had, as it had before, slipped much lower. Katie had felt the clothes moving about as she had sat, walked and sat again, but she was determined not to draw attention to herself by correcting them whilst Mr. Oldham was with her. She decided that she would check everything later after he had gone back to his office and she could nip to the washroom.
The waistband was now stretched to its maximum and as Katie had sat it had dropped even lower so that it now actually hung off the back of her ass. Leaning forwards on to the desk meant that her ass was lifted off the seat slightly and anyone behind her could now clearly see her puckered ass hole and a view through to her perfectly framed pussy lips. The stitching in the side splits had also been stretched beyond its limits and had now completely unravelled. The slits were now working their way through the narrow waistband widening the gaps further and tearing through the band. The front panel of the skirt had come to rest on her lap as she sat and although not as low as in back, the waistband had also dropped lower in front as it continued to unravel. It was now so low that although the panel was in place a tuft of hair and the top of her clit were clearly visible.
All though he didn't want to go back to his office, Mr. Oldham did have work to do and so he left Katie at her desk to look through some files he wanted her to begin working on later in the week. As he rounded the corner Katie stood and made her way to the bathroom.