I was sitting in my office looking at a computer screen. I was excited and my dick was hard, but I was not looking at porn at work. Far from it. The page had patriotic quotes, pictures and videos supporting America and the American military. The page also had lots and lots of bible verses.
I was looking at the Facebook page of an old girlfriend, Cynthia. The page showed photos of Cynthia and her family along with the patriotic and bible material. As I would have expected, Cynthia looked attractive, slim, busty and classy.
I dated Cynthia while I was in law school. Actually, I sort of dated her. I am not sure how you would describe our relationship. But, I wanted to see her again after over 20 years.
When I met her, I was a graduate assistant teacher in the business department of the undergraduate school while I was going to law school. The teaching was easy and the money was good for a law student. I soon learned that spending time with the undergraduate students was fun. I was teaching some accounting classes.
Cynthia was in one of my classes. She was slim, blonde and very pretty. Her breasts were the perfect size and shape for her slender body if you like big, round, full breasts on a slender girl. She had huge, bright blue eyes which went perfectly with her blonde hair. She would hang around after class and flirt with me. She was friendly, gracious and polite. She did not make it obvious, but I could tell fairly quickly that she had a crush on me.
I can still remember the first time she came up to talk to me at my desk after class. I answered questions for a couple of other students and then turned to Cynthia and smiled. I always try to smile at gorgeous blondes. I am not sure why, but Cynthia sort of blushed and her nipples got extremely hard. She was wearing a rather thin summer dress and her nipples were obvious. It was easy to see each of the nipples through her bra and her dress. I prolonged my answer to her question so that I could continue to stare at her hard nipples and big full breasts. I wasn't sure if she was shy or if she was excited or if she was just cold. No matter what made her nipples stiff, I loved it and made a mental note to get to know this girl.
Cynthia was a 19 year old sorority girl. She was a Kappa. She looked like you would expect a good looking blonde sorority girl to look. The few times we were on dates together guys would stare at her or even come on to her. She was that hot.
She was also smart, polite, poised and fun. She was undoubtedly wife material. If we would have had a serious relationship, I would not have hesitated to take her home to meet my parents. They would have loved her.
At the end of the semester, Cynthia asked me to attend a formal party that her sorority was having. I figured that since it was the end of the semester, she wasn't technically my student anymore, so I said yes. The party was at a big hotel in a nearby city.
Even though the semester had just ended, I still would have gotten in trouble for going out with a student if my supervisors would have known. Final grades had not been issued yet. I decided to risk it because it was not often that sexy, busty, great looking girls with blonde hair and blue eyes asked me out. In fact, to be honest, it had never happened.
I took Cynthia to the dance and we had fun. I learned that she was going to be the president of her chapter of the sorority the next year. Cynthia was a great hostess. We danced a lot and had fun.
At the end of the party, I was ready to walk out to my car with Cynthia. Cynthia rather sheepishly said, "I know you may think this is a little presumptuous of me, but I was afraid we might have too much to drink to be driving back to the campus. So, I reserved a room for us at the hotel. We can still drive back if you want to."
I couldn't believe my ears. A hot young girl had rented us a room in a nice hotel for the end of our first date. She even brought me a new tooth brush to use and a t-shirt and shorts to wear home the next day. Of course, I said yes.
We shared our first kiss as soon as we closed the door to the room. I started feeling her nice tits and ass right away. She had a slender sexy body dominated by her big boobs. She was completely hot.
Soon we were naked in bed with the lights off. After kissing for a few minutes, I swung around and started licking Cynthia's pussy in the 69 position. She seemed to welcome the attention. The second I started licking her, her mouth very softly surrounded my hard cock and she started sucking it very, very gently.
I thought it was so cool that one of my students was sucking my cock! I loved it. The whole concept of being the teacher and fucking the hot girl in class was a turn-on to me.
The second I stopped licking her, she removed her mouth from my cock. I could tell she was shy or embarrassed about having my dick in her mouth. As soon as my tongue touched her clit again, my dick was back in her mouth. She sucked so softly, I could barely feel it. Once again, when I stopped, she stopped the same instant.
Soon, I swung around, spread her legs, kissed her and slid my hard cock into her pussy. It was so intense and emotional. I kept whispering to her how we shouldn't be doing this, that she was my student and she shouldn't be fucking her teacher. She loved it! I loved it!
I know I came several times in Cynthia. I am pretty sure she came too based on how turned on she was and how emotional she was as we had sex. The fucking the teacher theme seemed to really resonate with cute, young Cynthia. I loved the fucking the cute young student theme too!
I saw her again at my house a couple of times, but then I left town for the summer. Before I left, I turned in my grades and gave Cynthia an A in my class that she hadn't earned even though she never asked for any favors. It seemed like the least I could do after fucking her in the hotel. I was pretty sure she didn't invite me to the party to improve her grade, so I didn't mind.
I invited Cynthia to come see me in the city where I was working for the summer. She drove her car for something like 7 hours to come see me.
As I was waiting for Cynthia to arrive at my apartment, I started thinking about how she softly put my dick in her mouth after the sorority party. I really kind of obsessed on the idea of this cute, classy sorority girl with my dick in her mouth.
When she arrived, she smiled and was as charming as ever. I immediately started kissing her and feeling her up. She seemed to like it. I soon pushed her down to her knees and pulled out my cock. I really didn't know how she would react to this because my only experience with her and oral sex was in the dark after a huge amount of alcohol. On that occasion she had been very shy about it, but had softly sucked my dick.
She gave my hard cock a good long look, then looked up at me for a minute with a slightly embarrassed smile on her face. Then, she put the head of my cock in her mouth. I can still visualize the scene of this cute girl sucking away on my cock.
At first, her sucking was soft and gentle like the first time. But soon her head was bobbing up and down on my hard dick. I was so excited by what she was doing, I soon filled her mouth with cum. I didn't warn her I was cumming or ask her if it was okay to cum in her mouth. I just filled her mouth with cum.
She quickly swallowed my cum. Once again, she removed her mouth from my cock almost instantly after I shot cum in her mouth.
This time something great happened. She pulled my dick out of her mouth so quickly she smeared some cum on her pretty cheek. I loved it. She immediately went back to her gracious, polite self. She was chatting with me about what I had been doing and what she had been doing with a big glob of sperm on her cheek.
We talked for about 5 minutes before I told her she had cum on her face. She had a look of complete embarrassment. She ran to the bathroom to clean it off. It was extremely hot!
When she came out of the bathroom, she smiled and said, "How long did I have that on my face?'
I replied with a smile, "Since I came in your mouth."
She cringed, "Oh, I am so embarrassed! Please forgive me. I did not know it was on my face."
I laughed and said, "Don't worry, I thought it was hot. I liked seeing it on your face."
She gave me a funny look and said, "Really? I am so relieved!"
We had fun a few times over the summer, but I really did not see her too much. We never really had a serious relationship. Just some fun dates. I was seeing other girls and I assumed she was seeing other guys.
I took her to a party thrown by a big law firm. She wore a white sleek dress that was really hot. You could see every curve in her body. The dress also showed a perfect amount of cleavage. At the party, every guy who met her was either staring at her breasts or flirting with her, or both. Some guys even flirted with her in front of their wives or girlfriends. Several asked me about her later and seemed stunned that I had met this hot girl when she was a student in my class.
A week or two into the fall semester, Cynthia called me late one night and asked if she could come by my house to see me. She came over a few minutes later. She looked great. Nice clothes, nice body and her hair and make-up were perfect.
We talked for a few minutes and then she said, "Why don't we go to your bedroom?"
Of course, I said okay.
As soon as we got to the bedroom, she turned off the lights, got down on her knees, unbuckled my belt and started sucking my cock. I could not believe it!
Soon, I was laying on the bed and she was sucking away on my dick. I tried to undress her or lick her pussy, but without actually saying it, she made it very clear that she wanted to suck dick and nothing else.
I can remember seeing her blonde ponytail bouncing up and down as she sucked. It was awesome. She now sucked hard. She also would go deep. Mostly she bobbed up and down on my dick until I filled her mouth with cum. After cuddling and talking for just a few minutes in bed, she left.
I could not believe my luck. A great looking sorority girl came over to suck my cock. I did not even have to ask her!
This started a full school year of late night cocksucking sessions by the president of the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. She would call 3 or 4 nights a week and come over to suck my cock. We never went on a date. I never called her. She always called me or just showed up.
We never fucked anymore. I never went down on her. These were all her decisions. Cynthia just wanted my cock in her mouth and her mouth full of cum. After I would explode in her mouth, she would cuddle for a very short time while she caught her breath and then head back to the sorority house.
She was the sweetest girl and one of the most poised, charming young girls you would ever want to meet. She never used profanity. She didn't act like a slut, dress like a slut or talk like a slut. However, at least with me, she was a cocksucking slut. I loved it and she loved it.
I never talked to her about her sexual desires. One of my theories was that she had to appear to be a nice girl to all of the girls in the sorority house and she knew she did not have to worry about me running my mouth about the way she loved to have my dick in her mouth. I didn't know many of her friends and I would never talk about her with anyone. My friends didn't even know her except my roommates who saw her head back to my bedroom night after night.
At first, I thought she just had a crush on me and came over to suck my dick in order to try to rekindle our romance. But, she never really tried to have any relationship other than my thick hard dick in her mouth. She never asked me to any of the sorority parties(or, anywhere else) and she never hinted that she wanted to go on a date.
After it became clear that she just wanted to come over to suck my dick, I decided that she was just a girl who loved to suck dick and she liked sucking mine. Having my cock sucked was my favorite sex act. It feels so intimate and kind of nasty. I loved this arrangement.
Sometimes she would get naked. Sometimes she would just strip to her bra and panties. Often, she would keep all of her clothes on.
Mostly, she would limit the sex to bobbing up and down on my dick with her mouth. However, occasionally she would lick my balls or lick my ass while she jacked my cock. She would take my load on her face or tits, but mostly she wanted it in her mouth.
I speculated that she had an oral fetish, but kept it well concealed from everyone but me. Of course, she might have been sucking dozens of cock, but I really doubt it. She might have been dating some other guys, but she was coming to my house 3 or 4 nights a week, so she either wasn't seriously involved with anyone or would come suck my dick after her other dates.
I have a big, thick cock. It crossed my mind that she might be a size queen turned on by big dicks. However, that would make more sense if she was coming over to be fucked.
I truly did not understand what made her suck my dick. I did not want to ask too many questions for fear of jinxing the deal.
It was embarrassing to Cynthia for my roommates to see her heading to the bedroom to go down on me night after night. After a few months of walking past my roommates, she asked if she could come through the back yard to a sliding door in my bedroom. She would sometimes come in after I had gone to bed and I would wake up with this beautiful girl sucking my cock like there was no tomorrow.
The last late night blowjob of the spring semester was the last time I saw Cynthia before I looked her up on Facebook. My last memory of her was her swallowing my cum on one of the last nights of the school year.
She sent me a nice note when she read in the paper that I was getting married. I had been married for years and had a great family. The sex with my wife had slowly dwindled to nothing. I was horny and thinking about the pretty girl who loved to suck my dick.
From her Facebook page, I could tell that Cynthia had also been married a long time and was still married. She had a son who served in the Army and she now was deeply religious. All of her posts were about her family, country or her church. Her posts all seem to include a "praise God" or "Thank the good Lord" or a bible verse.
I remembered Cynthia as a very nice girl who seldom, if ever, used profanity, but I thought the religious stuff must have started after I knew her or at least became stronger after she last had my prick in her mouth. She was also into healthy food and had a company of some kind in the health food business. I found a business email address.
I sent Cynthia an email just making contact. I gave her a short summary of my family and career and told her I was pleased to see her on the internet after all this time. She immediately responded with a big, long enthusiastic email telling me all about her life. She included a great deal about her church life in her email.
We exchanged several emails answering questions and catching up. She seemed genuinely glad to hear from me.
Although I really had no reason to go to Austin, Texas, where she lived with her husband, I said that I might be in her town on business and wondered if we could get together for a glass of wine. She quickly said that she would love to see me again if I came to town.
I was sitting in my office thinking about Cynthia's mouth on my cock and looking at photos of her. Although she was in her 40s, she was still slender with a nice body, still had blonde hair, a great smile , big round boobs and her pretty blue eyes. My cock was hard as I looked at her perfect cocksucking lips.
I knew I shouldn't do it and I knew I might embarrass myself, but I had to know if Cynthia would meet me to suck my cock again. After a year of sucking my cock, I knew that she was into sucking dick at one point, but that was more than 20 years ago. I wasn't at all sure how this married, religious woman would react.
I decided to go for it. I sent her a short email which just said, "Do you still like to have a dick in your mouth?"
I usually received a response within a minute or two of sending her an email. This time I received nothing for a couple of hours. I received an email that just said, "I am a happily married woman and try to be a good Christian. You shouldn't ask me things like that."
I thought about it for a while and was glad she didn't get mad at me or at least she was still talking to me. I finally replied with an email that said, "You didn't answer my question."
She responded more quickly this time and in her response said, "I haven't done that in a long time."
I smiled as I read her email. I thought that if she has not sucked a dick in a long time, she is probably not sexually satisfied because when I knew her she had an almost physical need to suck my dick. I sent another email that said, "Cynthia, you came closer, but you still did not answer my question. Do you still like to have a dick in your mouth?"
I received no response for about a half hour. Then, I received an email that said simply, "Yes, if it is the right man."
I was so excited to receive that short response. I did not want to push her too far. She had basically let me know everything I needed to know. She still thought about sucking a dick, she had not sucked one in a long time and she was not mad at me for asking.
I asked her if I could see her if I came to Austin for business or a seminar. I had seen an upcoming seminar in Austin that I would not mind attending. She said she would love to visit in person.
Knowing Cynthia and the way she would just come to my house to suck my dick in school, I decided to risk a trip to Austin. I hoped that I was the "right man" for her to suck again.
At worst, I would have a short trip to a nice city with great bars and restaurants. I would attend a seminar I needed to attend. I also would see an old friend who was attractive and always fun. At best, Cynthia would be naked with my dick in her mouth.
I made a reservation to fly to Austin and let Cynthia know I was coming.
I checked into the nicest hotel in town on Town Lake in the middle of Austin(now called Ladybird Lake for some reason) . I sent Cynthia an email seeing if we could meet for a drink. I went for a run on the path along the edge of the lake. It was great.
I received an email from Cynthia saying that a lot of her friends go to the bar at the hotel and she would not want anyone to get the wrong idea. She asked if we could have a drink or two in my room.
I said sure.
She said she would be right over to see me.
This surprised me since it was late afternoon. I thought we would probably meet for dinner or something in the evening. I thought that Cynthia coming to my room was a good development, but I wasn't completely sure. I ordered a bottle of wine from room service at an enormous cost.
Cynthia arrived a half hour after her last email. She was by herself, thankfully. She looked nervous. Otherwise, she looked great. She looked like a wealthy woman who maintained her good looks and exercised often. She was dressed very nicely and conservatively in an attractive blue dress.
She gave me a quick hug and kiss on the cheek.
We drank some wine and looked at photos of our kids on our phones. We laughed and had some fun talking about old times. Both of us quickly drank a first glass of wine and went to work on a second. We were sitting a few feet apart on the couch.
With my obsession about Cynthia's mouth, I had forgotten how sexy her legs and body were. She was in great shape and her legs looked awesome. Her tits looked nice in her dress. They seemed to fill the entire top of her dress. It crossed my mind that her boobs may have gotten bigger since I last saw her. I was glad that she had come to my room.
I wasn't sure, but I thought that Cynthia was flirting with me. She was very complimentary about how I looked and she had a smile on her face the entire time we talked. I found myself feeling like I did back in law school. I wanted to kiss her.
I was nervous about initiating anything with Cynthia. However, I was dying to give it a try.
I leaned over and kissed her. She rather passionately kissed me back. Suddenly, she pulled away.
Cynthia breathlessly cried, "I have made a vow before God to be faithful to my husband. I shouldn't break my vows or commit a sin with you. I have always been faithful to my husband."
"You are probably right, Cynthia," I said. "We should both do the right thing. The trouble I have is that I get so aroused seeing you and thinking back on what you used to do in college."
I noticed that she wasn't going anywhere.
She smiled and said, "Oh, I remember. I did things for you I would never do with anyone else."
That statement by her didn't really compute. I couldn't believe that the girl who loved to suck a cock so much did not do it with anyone else. I also didn't believe she had quit sucking the dick of at least her husband. From my memory, she was the most enthusiastic cocksucker I had ever met. I didn't believe that she had given up her favorite hobby.
"I remember enjoying that a lot," I replied. "You know, our whole relationship was acting naughty and having a relationship between a professor and a student that we were not supposed to have."
I could tell that I was making some headway with my last comment. She had a kind of wistful, horny look on her face when I talked about her acting naughty with her teacher.
The look on her face somehow told me what to do. I stood up and said, "Cynthia, let me show you what you do to me."
I unbuckled my belt and quickly opened my pants and let her see my big, thick, erect cock. It was semi-hard. She stared at it.
"See what you do to me. It is not a sin to look."
She couldn't seem to take her eyes off of my cock. It reminded me how much she loved my cock. She was probably the best cocksucker I ever knew. She always seemed to know exactly what I wanted her to do with her mouth without me saying a word. She actually leaned forward on the couch a little bit to look at my cock.
I tried again. "I know you want to always do what is right, but I need some relief and it is not like you haven't had this in your mouth before. It is not like we would be doing anything new. We have always been a little naughty."
She smiled and kept her eyes on my dick. I had seldom seen a woman so enamored with a cock. "I really shouldn't," she said.
But, she did not move and she did not take her eyes off of my now hard prick.
I ran my hand gently down her cheek and touched her lips. "I love your lips, Cynthia. They are beautiful."
I moved my body a little closer to her. My cock was now about a foot from her face.
"Why don't you give it a little kiss, Cynthia?" I suggested.
With a rather faraway look in her eye, she leaned in tentatively and gave the big head of my dick a gentle peck. It was so sexy!
I stepped a little closer to her and slowly rubbed my hard cock on her face. She watched my cock as I moved it around her face and very softly moaned a little. I was ready to stick my cock in her mouth.
Suddenly, Cynthia turned her head and quickly stood up. I did not know what to think..
She softly whispered, "This is very tempting, but I cannot do this. I shouldn't cheat on my husband and shouldn't break my vows before God."
She turned toward the door. I tried to reach out to her and said, "Please, just sit down and we can visit. You shouldn't leave like this. I am sorry if I upset you!"
She continued quickly toward the door and said, "I am not upset with you. I am just afraid of what I might do. I have to leave. Thank you so much for the wine. It was nice to see you again."
She shot out of the door. I closed my pants and chased her down the hall, but she stopped, smiled and said, "It was really great to see you, but I just don't think we should see each other anymore. We would be tempted to do things that we shouldn't do. God bless you." Then, she walked to the elevator.
I had mixed emotions. I was pissed that I had flown to Austin for nothing. The fact that Cynthia still looked good and was still interested in me made it even worse. However, I also felt like an ass for trying to talk a faithful, Christian woman into cheating on her husband. I really liked Cynthia and I felt like I was a horny jerk for trying to get her to suck my dick again.
With all of those feelings whirling around in me, I sat in my room and finished the bottle of wine. I then went out and walked 8 or 10 blocks to a great Tex-Mex joint. I ate at the bar, looked at hot college girls in the place and had a couple of strong Margaritas.
I walked back to the hotel on the nice evening. I had surpassed my limit on alcohol by a wide margin. All of the liquor had not helped my mood. I was fairly angry. I went back to my room, undressed, put on one of the hotel's big fluffy robes and sat in bed to watch Sports Center. I was about to turn off the lights to go to bed when the phone rang.
Figuring it was the hotel staff or someone from home, I answered the phone. It was Cynthia.
She said, "If you are not completely fed up with me, I have changed my mind."
I wasn't sure she would actually cheat or commit a sin. I was drunk enough and angry enough to screw with her. I said, "What do you mean, Cynthia?"
She asked if she could come see me the next morning and said, "I have . . .uh. . .changed my mind about having sex with you."
I was shocked that she was calling and just drunk enough to continue to mess with her a little. I said, "Really! What do you want to do?"
"I will do anything you want, but I have been thinking about . . .well . . .I am embarrassed to say it."
I just continued to listen silently waiting for her to finish. With some embarrassment and stammering, she said softly, "I have been thinking about putting your penis in my mouth if you would still like me to do that."
Calling the hotel and offering to suck my cock had to be humiliating for her. It crossed my mind that maybe she liked the humiliation and embarrassment. I had had enough to drink to lose my inhibitions about dealing with my married, religious friend.
"If you want to suck my dick, come on over. It will be like old times."
She hesitated for a minute or more and then said, "I can't get away tonight. Is there any way I can come see you in the morning?"
I really didn't think she would show up the next day. I figured that she would wake up the next day and chicken out again. She was obviously very hesitant to cheat on her husband.
Assuming she would refuse, I threw out some requirements. I said with a firm voice, "If you want to see me again after leaving me stranded earlier today, this is what you have to do. Wear your shortest skirt with no panties. Put on your sexiest high heels and wear red lipstick. I want you to look like a high dollar whore. After all, you are coming to the hotel to suck a man's dick. Come have breakfast with me at 8 am in the hotel restaurant."
"Lots of people I know eat at that restaurant sometimes," she said. "Can we meet in your room again?"
"No," I said. "I like the idea of eating breakfast with you in public before I let you suck my dick."
Cynthia was silent a few moments and then said, "Okay, I understand. I need to go."
I was pretty sure Cynthia would not show up the next day, but I derived some pleasure from talking dirty to her and making some fairly unreasonable demands on this religious, married woman. I had some feelings of regret for making demands that would probably run her off. However, I never thought she was going to show up anyway even if I had begged her to come. She had left the first time when I was begging her to stay.
I woke up the next morning and felt horny. I was wishing I had let Cynthia come to my room. But my drunken desire to screw with her had overcome my desire for sex. I didn't expect her to show up, but I needed to eat breakfast anyway. So, I went down to the restaurant a little before 8 o'clock.
I really hoped that Cynthia would show up. And as I had a cup of coffee, I remembered that our relationship back in school had always been her serving me. After we went to the law firm parties, I never took her on dates, but she came over late at night to suck my dick. It crossed my mind that having her come to me dressed like a slut may be just what she would like. She had always been hungry for my dick.
I kept checking my watch and looking around the hotel restaurant. The restaurant was pretty full. Most of the customers were business men staying in the hotel or meeting for breakfast. A couple of the tables had small groups of women. A few couples who looked to be on vacation were at the remaining tables.
At exactly 8 o'clock, I saw several of the men in the restaurant looking toward the entrance of the room. I could not see the entrance from my seat. Soon, I saw what was attracting the attention. The hostess was leading Cynthia to my table.
Cynthia looked awesome. Her blonde hair was down. She had on a tiny black skirt which showed off her long, tan legs. She was wearing black shiny shoes with heels that had to be 3 or 4 inches tall. She had on a silk black and red blouse with a coordinated scarf. Best of all, she had bright red lipstick on her sexy lips that perfectly matched the red in her blouse.
She smiled at me with her perfect white teeth as she walked across the room. She was swinging her hips as she walked and you could hear her high heels clicking on the tile floor as she walked. Every guy in the place was staring at her ass and legs as she walked across the room. her boobs were bouncing under her blouse. Seeing her walking in the heels was unbelievably sexy.
I stood up and gave her a kiss on the cheek. She surprised me by pressing her breasts against me as we hugged. I held the chair for her as she sat down and crossed her long legs. Her skirt was as short as a skirt could be without showing her pussy. I had not seen a skirt that short since college.
I started to tell her she looked great and that I was sorry about making her dress up for me, but before I could say anything, she said, "You are so smart! I was so nervous about dressing like this in public as I got dressed this morning, I could barely stand it. Now, after seeing the stares of the boys parking my car and walking through the lobby dressed like this, I feel like the sexiest woman alive! I haven't felt like this in years."
I could tell I had her. I asked in a normal speaking voice which people could probably overhear from the other tables, "What are you here to do, Cynthia?"
Cynthia blushed a little and said, "I am here to see you."
"No, Cynthia. Tell me why you are here."
She smiled and whispered, "I came to your hotel to have breakfast with a handsome man."
"What else?"
She looked around the room, blushed and whispered, "I came here to put your penis in my mouth."
I laughed and said, "You can do better than that, sweetheart. What did you come here to do?"
She cringed a little and said, "Oh, God help me, I came here to perform oral sex on you."
It made my dick hard to hear her say it.
I asked her if she dressed like this all of the time. Cynthia said, "Heavens no! This skirt is from a costume I wore once in college and the shoes were from a formal charity party years ago. Don't tell anyone, but the tight skirt looks better when you don't wear underwear."
I said, "Cynthia, your legs and ass look better than I remember. You look so sexy!"
I had forgotten how great her legs and ass were. I remembered that her tits were great, but seeing her again reminded me that her whole body was hot.
She looked at me with an embarrassed look on her face and replied, "Oh, my God. . . I haven't had a man say something like that to me in a long, long time. It is embarrassing, but thank you for the compliment!"
I had her show me her gorgeous legs crossed in front of her at the table and said, "I may have to fuck you when we go upstairs."
She gulped and said, "That seems more like adultery, but we can discuss it if you want to do that to me."
I smiled and replied, "Don't you think that sucking a cock is adultery, too?"
She looked around to see if anyone overheard my question and said, "Yes, I know I am being unfaithful, but I have come to grips with the oral sex. I haven't thought about intercourse. I am flattered that you want me in that way."
"I flew to Austin to see you in hopes that we could have sex like we did in school."
She blushed and said simply, "Thank you."
We ate breakfast and had a pleasant time. Several times I had her show me her legs. Once I saw a guy at another table staring at her legs as she flashed them for me.
I said, "Show me that you didn't wear panties."
She blushed again and replied, "I can't show you in the restaurant. I will show you upstairs in your room."
"Sure you can. Just do it."
"I can't. People will see."
I said, "I want to see if you followed my instructions before I let you suck my cock again."
She got a worried look on her face and looked to see if any of the other diners overheard my comments. She whispered, "I did not wear any panties. I promise."
"Prove it."
"Oh my God, people will see me lifting my skirt."
"Well, you are here to suck the dick of a guy you haven't seen in years. Why shouldn't you look the part? You can either show me that you didn't wear any panties, or you can go."
I was a little worried that I had pushed her too far as I said this, but I sensed that she was ready to be subservient to me. Just like the old days when she was my student.
She sat there silently for a few moments and then said, "Drop your napkin on the floor and then lean down to pick it up."
I did as she said. As I reached down under the table to pick up the napkin, Cynthia uncrossed her long, tan legs and slightly spread her legs. Her skirt was so short that I had a clear view of her naked pussy. I was reminded that Cynthia was a natural blonde. After a few seconds, she crossed her legs again.
She immediately turned red and started giggling. "I told you I didn't wear any!" she whispered.
"Yes, you did. Are you going to do everything I ask this morning?"
She cast her eyes down as she said quietly, "Yes."
After breakfast, we stood up to leave the restaurant. On the way out, I put my hand on Cynthia's ass several times. I know she was afraid that someone she knew would see her at the hotel, but she didn't do a thing to stop me from gently squeezing her ass.
We kissed in the elevator up to my room. She was passionate and did not seem to mind when I pulled her short skirt up to feel her bare ass as we kissed.
In my room, I thought about kissing her some more, but instead said, "Get on your knees."
I took off my pants and pulled off my jockey shorts. She quickly dropped to her knees and was face to face with my cock that was getting hard. She touched it and gave it a quick kiss.
"I feel like a slut saying this, but I loved kissing your penis yesterday afternoon," she said while looking up at me with her big blue eyes and holding my dick in her hand. "I could not get that out of my mind."
She continued to kiss the head of my cock and started to lick it like an ice cream cone.
She said, "I can't believe how big your penis is. It is twice as big as my husband's penis."
"Put my cock in your mouth."
Cynthia opened her mouth and slid the head of my dick into her mouth. Her cheeks indented as she sucked on the shaft. She soon started bobbing her head like she always did at my house 20 years before.
"Do you feel like a whore when you are on your knees with a big hard dick in your mouth?" I asked my high class married friend.
She kept on sucking, but nodded her head yes and said, "Uh huh."
I had concluded that Cynthia wanted to be humiliated and it was humiliating for her to have a dick in her mouth. It made my cock hard to say nasty things to this married religious woman.
I decided to try some more. "Take your clothes off. I want to see you naked on your knees with a cock in your mouth. Leave those heels on. They make you look like a slut." I laughed and said, "Of course, the dick in your mouth makes it a certainty that you are a slut."
Cynthia slowly pulled her mouth off of my dick, smiled at me and stood up. She looked a little embarrassed as she unbuttoned her blouse revealing a sexy black lace bra which showed her enormous cleavage. She actually turned her back to me as she unhooked her bra and let it fall into her hands. She then undid her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She slowly turned around to face me while covering her breasts. Her breasts jiggled as she moved.
"Show me your body, Cynthia."
She looked embarrassed and shy, but slowly dropped her hands to her sides revealing her big boobs. They sagged a little more than they had 20 years before, but they still looked great. She had distinct tan lines on her boobs and ass. She clearly spent plenty of time outdoors in a bikini. Her beautiful boobs jiggled as she removed her hands.
"You look great in nothing but your high heels."
"Thank you!"
I figured she wanted more humiliation, so I said, "Get on your knees where you belong."
She quickly dropped to her knees and looked up at my face. Her bright red lips kissed my hard cock again and she started sucking my cock. Her head bobbed as she sucked. Her hair swayed as she sucked. I eventually put my hands on her head and forced her mouth a little deeper onto my cock. I remembered that she didn't mind having my hands on her head as she sucked. She moaned as my dick went deeper into her mouth.
After sucking me on her knees for a while, I went and laid on the bed. I had her get on her hands and knees sideways on the bed in a position where I could see her boobs and reach her pussy and ass while she sucked my cock.
Her giant boobs hung down and bounced gently as she bobbed up and down on my cock. Her boobs looked so good and her mouth was so warm, I almost came immediately. I could tell that Cynthia was excited too. She sucked my cock with as much enthusiasm as a person could show. She moaned as her mouth worked my dick.
After a while, I reached over and touched her ass and then her pussy. She jerked and moaned as I touched her clit. I rubbed her for only a minute or so until she groaned loudly, shivered and came. Her entire body seemed to explode with passion as she came. Her orgasm was so hot, I couldn't control myself and came in Cynthia's mouth. She swallowed my cum like she had so many times before. She licked her red lips as she let my dick fall from her mouth.
Cynthia came up and cuddled next to me on the bed. I felt her big breasts pressing against my side. She was out of breath from taking my cock down her throat.
She said, "That was incredible. Thank you!"
I had never had a girl thank me for letting her suck my dick. I didn't know how to respond to that, so I said, "You must love to suck cock. I have never seen a woman cum from going down on me. Your husband is a lucky guy."
She said, "I never have oral sex with my husband. I did it with him once and I was so upset I started crying. We went to counseling with my pastor about it, but my husband has never asked me to do it again and I never have."
I was confused. "You seem to love oral sex. I don't understand."
She looked at me with a timid look on her face and said, "I love having oral sex with you. Doing it with anyone else brings back painful memories."
"What painful memories?"
"Wonderful memories of giving you oral sex all of those times and then you breaking my heart."
I was completely lost. "How did I break your heart?"
"I thought it was obvious. I was head over heels in love with you. You were so handsome, witty and smart. You graduated, moved away and I never heard from you again."
"Cynthia, I never knew you had feelings for me."
"How could you not know. I came to your house night after night and gave you oral sex. I could tell you loved oral sex, so I did it for you every chance I got. I was hoping you would love me, too. When I did it with my husband, I became so upset, I cried for hours."
"Cynthia, I am so sorry. I honestly just thought you just liked to suck dicks. I thought you must be sucking other guys, too."
"Gosh, you must have thought I was a slut. You are the only man I sucked besides that one time with my husband. I am so sorry I gave you the wrong impression. I just thought if I sucked on your thing you would fall in love with me. I could tell how much you liked it."
"I am so sorry. I certainly did not intend to treat you badly and I really didn't know how you felt."
She smiled and said, "Well, you weren't the only one who thought I was a slut with you. I told my pastor and my husband a little about seeing you and having sex with you. They both assumed that since you were an older experienced professor that you must have taken advantage of me. They both thought I was traumatized by you forcing me to suck you. I never corrected my husband, but I went back later to my pastor and told him that you didn't force me to do anything. I didn't want to mislead him. He still did not believe that you did not take advantage of me in some way until I told him that completely on my own I came to your house night after night for two semesters to give you oral sex. I could tell that he thought I was a complete slut. He finally agreed that a girl could not be forced to give oral sex nearly 100 times. After I told him what I did, he realized that I was upset because oral sex reminded me of you and I had never gotten over you."
"Cynthia, I honestly didn't have a clue how you felt."
She laughed and said, "Do you have a lot of women come to your house uninvited to suck your penis?"
"I guess not. I am sorry I was so dense. I loved it when you came to my house."
I had noticed that my cock was getting hard again. I kissed Cynthia. She responded passionately.
I turned her over onto her back and got on my knees between her legs. Her heavy breasts rolled around on her chest as she shifted positions. I loved that.
I said, "Spread your legs for me, Cynthia."
She looked embarrassed, but slowly spread her tan legs revealing her wet cunt. She looked so nasty and submissive in that position. She still had on her high heels. It reminded me of the first time we fucked after the sorority dance. She looked at me with a look that said she was giving herself completely to me. Her worries about committing adultery didn't seem to be a problem as she looked at me with her legs spread wide.
I got on top of her, took her in my arms and rammed my hard cock into her wet pussy. She screamed. I loved it. As we fucked, I remembered how I whispered to her about how wrong it was for a professor to be fucking his student. I did it again. I whispered to her how wrong it was for a married woman to be fucking another man. Then, I whispered in her ear that she was still my student and I was still her professor.
"What would your husband say if he could see you getting fucked, Cynthia?"
"He would say I am a cheating slut!"
"What would your pastor say if he knew you were letting me fuck you?"
"He would say I am a sinful slut!"
"Think about what we are doing, Cynthia. You are getting fucked!"
Cynthia was literally screaming with pleasure as I fucked her. I have never been more excited. I felt her start to orgasm again. I had her tight in my arms as I filled her cunt with cum. As she came, Cynthia whispered, "I love you."