Holy crap, my 100th story published on this site. This is one I've had like 90% complete for a year or more, I have no idea. Loads of silly sci-fi rules - in fact, I try to poke fun of that fact. I thought it was perhaps too absurd to finish and publish, but after looking back and seeing how well-liked the first three chapters were, along with the requests, I relented. Posting in exhibitionism like with chapter three, as the non-consent category doesn't really vibe with this comedic theme. Happy 100th!"
_________
My name is Brian Johnson and I live a conditional life. Ever since the lab accident, things changed, and not for the better. Allow me to recap my woes, so you'll better understand. I was exposed to gamma radiation at work. It was a clumsy, stupid, careless error; just a dumb move on my part. After exposure, the team kept me isolated for weeks and monitored my health.
At the time, it seemed I was going to make it out unscathed, but just as I was about to be released from quarantine, we discovered the true trauma I actually incurred. Karen, my boss (and also an LPN), subjected me to one last physical examination, and at her intrusive insistence to know every detail about me, I explained that my penis was hanging much lower since the gamma exposure. It seemed to be a bit thicker, too. Length was never an issue with me, but hanging there five or six inches all the time was out of the ordinary. Typically, I was a grower, not a show-er. Anyway, Karen takes a peek at Mr. Floppy and gets an insatiable urge to swallow my semen. I swear I couldn't have stopped her if I tried.
Here's where it gets weird. After swallowing, her tits grew instantly, from her modest A cup to a D, I would guess. It was insane. We had to tell the rest of the team what happened, and soon, more tests on my sperm began. Phil, the Senior Partner, desperately wanted to find a way to synthesize it. "Natural breast growth? So many women will want that," he insisted.
The problem was, the breast development was only temporary, lasting about a day, before returning to normal. Up til now, we haven't discovered a way to synthesize my sperm, but further testing led to the discovery that if a woman ingests it, but not directly from the source - say, a Petri dish, for instance (yes, we actually did this) - well, the poor subject gets intensely horny, to the point they will fuck themselves silly in the streets if they have to. Total, unashamed, unabashed sluttery.
I'm sure you can imagine how awful I feel about any of my friends or colleagues having to go through such an experience, even if we were all willing participants in this research. Lately, I was feeling more and more alienated from my colleagues. Hell, even Janice was steering clear of me, and we used to chat every day. Still, the team marched on with the work.
What else? What other stupid things can my penis do? I have a hard time keeping track. Oh yeah, we learned that if I go several days without an orgasm, I produce some kind of pheromone that makes women want to fuck me (and only me) and right. fucking. now. Jesus Christ, the pressure. Can you imagine? I might not want it, but the women demand it. Masturbating alone isn't good enough for them when exposed to this. However, fucking them leads to the risk of me cumming in their pussy (which they always demand, by the way), and that that leads to the worst of it...
Just like when a woman sucks me off, their breasts instantly grow when I cum inside them, but this time they begin lactating heavily. Multiple, daily pumps are required for about week, until the breasts finally, slowly, return to normal.
For a while there, all the girls were terrified the effects were going to be permanent. It was right after I had accidentally fucked every female member of the team in the conference room. My pheromones were off, because I hadn't orgasmed in days, and they all needed my cock. Thank goodness their breast growth and lactation issues only lasted a week or so, after that ordeal. The girls were a bit more forgiving with me when they went back to normal. Well, all except for Karen, my boss. We'll get to her issues later.
So this is my life now. I can no longer be naked in front of any girl, or she'll get the irresistible urge to suck me off. I have to masturbate regularly in order not to get a "build up" of these funky pheromones which drive women crazy, and there's no way I can have any meaningful, long-term relationship with a woman, because who would want to risk getting enormous, milky tits every time they fuck their boyfriend? This was absolutely the worst thing to ever happen to me.
The only friend I could turn to is my sister, Penny. She's my roommate, too, so she understands my plight. We have to be careful that she never sees me naked, considering we share some of the same space. Early in discovery, my sister caught me naked once, and went down on me like a dog on a steak. Or a bone, rather. She hated herself for swallowing every drop of my cum, but came to terms with it pretty quickly when her tits blew up in size. Normally a pert B, Penny looked like a straight-up bimbo. Surprisingly, she loved it, but when her breasts went back to normal the following day, she was grossly disappointed. We rarely speak of the subject anymore.
So here I am, on a Sunday night, once again beating off, so that I can work in peace tomorrow. I wish I had a different life. I wasn't sure how long I could keep this up. I just didn't think it could get any worse.
I was wrong.
________________________
"Well I sure hope you're fucking happy now, Brian!" screamed Karen, the moment I walked into work the following morning. Karen disliked me from the start of my employment, well before the "incident" and her disdain for me grew on a daily basis. I also think she thought I derived pleasure from my predicament. She had no empathy, or understanding, of how it ruined my social life.
"What? What now?" I cried. "I have been nothing but compliant, and I've done everything you have asked of me, since all this began!"
"Heath's dead." Karen said, crossing her arms, glaring.
My heart dropped. Heath was a healthy, middle-aged man. Or at least he was. How could this be? And what did I have to do with it? "Dead?" I gasped, repeating, "Dead? What... what happened?"
Karen spit it out, "Over the weekend, he tried exposing himself to the same gamma radiation that you experienced. We found him this morning. Seemed he died of priapism. We've quarantined the room and sealed the east wing."
"Why are you blaming me?" I asked, dropping my briefcase on the floor. "That's terrible. I don't want anything like that to happen to anyone. I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy."
"Did you know he was going to do it?"
"Of course not!" I didn't hesitate answering. It was the truth.
Karen's deep prejudice against me may have some merit. After I came in her pussy at that meeting, knowing her tits would get huge and milky, I then put my cock in her face. It was kind of an evil thing to do, because as we all know, when a woman sees my cock, she has to suck it to completion. It becomes a compulsion for them. Karen is the only woman, of all the girls on the team, who was both exposed to getting creampied, and swallowing my load, in the same brief period of time. Herein lied a new development.
Like everyone else, Karen's tits ballooned up after I came in her. Lucky for her, being small chested, this turned her into a D cup. And just like the others, who got vaginally stuffed with my semen, she began lactating, too. I remember poor Janice being in the room at the time. She's well over a D cup in her normal state, and this was the second time she had been affected by my sperm. The girl could barely walk, and had milk spraying everywhere, in all directions with her every move. But back to Karen...
After a week passed, Karen was the only one whose tits hadn't changed back to normal. Instead, they stayed large and continually produced milk. So much milk. More weeks have since passed, and she is still forced to nurse herself two or three times a day to relieve the pressure. Otherwise, she leaks like a sieve. One can understand why Karen hates me so fucking much.
Still, having this occur had one bonus. It was the first time we had seen long-term (possibly permanent) breast enhancement derived from my sperm, something we'd been working on in the lab for months. We had discussed having one of the other girls try it - that is, taking in my semen vaginally and orally, in the same brief period of time - to see if they would develop this permanent growth like Karen did, but no one wanted to take on the risk, or burden, of having lactating breasts.
Right now, with Heath dead, I figured our research would be set back several months. He was our best scientist, too, very methodical in his work. I shook my head, looking to Kim, noticing she had two large wet stains on her blouse. Her nipples were leaking again. I assume she hadn't yet noticed.
"Karen, I promise. I had no idea Heath was going to do this. If I had, I certainly would have advised against it, and I would have warned you immediately. Heath may have been jealous about my... circumstances... but I assure you it is a curse, and I want nothing more than to be free of this problem! Had Heath succeeded, he would be regretting it. I feel so bad for him and his family."
"Dr. Peterson at UMH is going to do an autopsy for us," said Karen, scoffing at me. "We've had to call the authorities, of course. Your history may come up in this investigation."
"Anything I can do to help?" I asked. "Karen, I'm so sorry. I know you and Heath were good friends."
Karen wiped an eye and looked at some papers she was holding. "Phil is finishing up a meeting in Houston with one of our license-partners, then he's flying straight back. Would you mind helping Heath's wife with the funeral arrangements? I need to organize things with Alicia, and write a couple reports." Karen's voice was cracking. I guess her sorrow had shifted to anger in my presence, but now her emotions were getting the better of her. I know she didn't like me, but Karen was not a hateful person. She had genuine feelings and was hurting right now.
"Of course, give me her number and I'll do whatever I can," I said.
"I'll email you the details. Uh, when is the last time you jacked off?"
"Last night," I sighed.
"Do it again, before you meet with her." Karen didn't want my pheromones creating any issues. I understood, of course, especially during such a sensitive time.
"Okay," I conceded.
I noticed Karen held herself differently since her physical change. She was always assertive, sometimes even aggressively so, but now that she had such a striking figure, she appeared more confident, even in her grief. I headed to my office, prepared to do the deed when I bumped into Janice. "Oh, hey," I said.
"Hey," she repeated, eyes darting to the floor. She stepped aside, allowing more space between us in the narrow hall. Ever since I filled her pussy with my cum, and she had to manage those milky, enormous globes for a week, she went out of her way to avoid me.
I used to be a bit bashful, and I was certainly never one to be described as a go-getter, but considering all the events I'd been through, I was beginning to find it easier to broach uncomfortable subjects. I touched Janice on the shoulder. "Hey, stop a second. Look, I get it. I know why you are apprehensive around me, but please know, I masturbate daily so I don't produce those pheromones. I will never be irresponsible with this, and I will not put you at risk."
Janice huffed and kind of turned red. "I... I guess... look, Brian. Just stay on your side of the fence, okay?"
"That's what I am telling you. I will do just that. I'm only asking you to ease up. You can relax around me. The times you were exposed to me was during the discovery phase. Every test and experiment we've done since then has been with willing participants, with other women. It is always going to be that way from now on. I miss your company and our conversations."
Janice nodded and walked off, hurriedly. In time, I hoped it would get better. It was later that afternoon I met with Heath's wife, Amanda. I drove to her house and she let me in, expecting me. She led me to the kitchen where we sat at the table. I spoke, "They asked me to help you with the arrangements, and to do anything you require during this difficult time."
Amanda was cuter than I expected her to be. A short, dainty little thing, we had never been introduced before this. She was somber, but I don't think the real grief had yet set in. Some people experience trauma in strange ways. "Is it true?" she asked. "He did it on purpose? He exposed himself to radiation on purpose?"
Due to the liability, the company had to tell at least some of the truth, but I just wasn't sure if they gave more details, like as to WHY he did it. "As far as I know, we really don't have all the details, but on the surface, that is what it appears to be."
Amanda was shaking her head. "I thought we were happy. Suicide? Why would he do that?"
"Ma'am, again, we don't know for sure what it is, but I am sure you will discover all the details in due time. There is one thing I do know. Heath always spoke highly of you. He loved you."
The widow gazed up, giving me half a smile. "I don't even know what I'm going to do."
"That's why I'm here. Why don't we just focus on the funeral arrangements? The company is covering all expenses, so you won't have to worry about anything. I've arranged a meeting tomorrow morning with the funeral director, but we can make some of the decisions now in preparation. Is that okay?"
Amanda sniffled and nodded. "Thank you," she said. "Heath really loved his work, I know that. I want you to know I don't find any of you at fault."
I held my breath. Had she known more details, perhaps she wouldn't be saying that. I continued giving information to Amanda that I hoped would help reassure her and said, "I've been advised to tell you that the president of our company insists on matching and honoring Heath's full pension. It's a forty-five year guarantee."
Amanda sighed. "I don't want to think about that right now, but thank you. It's nice to know."
"How about we get a few of the basics covered?"
Amanda looked like she needed the social company, even it was a sad setting. We sat at the kitchen table and went through the coffin selection, service options, floral arrangements, and a host of other details. In between, she peppered the conversation with memories of her and Heath together. "Thank you for helping me with this. Heath and I don't have any family."
"What? No parents? Siblings?"
"We were orphans, both placed in the same home in our late teens. We fell in love almost immediately. Later, when we got our independence, I worked two shifts at bars and diners, while I put Heath through college."
"Wow, a lucky guy," I whispered. Now I better understood the bond they shared. Heath was probably more handsome in his youth, and his wife must have been incredibly attractive then. In her mid-40s, she certainly held it together. Pert, lithe and perky, even in this depressed state.
"We never had kids. Maybe that fear of being orphaned, who knows? We enjoyed our freedom, but yeah, no family. Both Heath and I were shoveled from one foster home to another, until we finally aged out of the program."
We'd been working for some time and I needed to uncramp my legs and pee. "Amanda, would you mind pointing me to the restroom?"
"Oh, you know what, Brian? It's through the hall and to the left, but... well, If it weren't for... you know what? Just follow me." Amanda got up and touched my wrist. "It's back here, but easier to walk you there than try to give you directions. I love this house, but the placement of the guest bathroom is terrible."
Amanda took me through the living room, and down a split hall that took a sharp left. She opened the first door to the right, leading into a bedroom. She pointed to a door on the left-side wall, from the interior door. "Through there. There's no access from the hall, so it confuses people."
"No problem. Thank you." I moved past her, opening the door to the bathroom. Amanda stepped away, heading back to the kitchen, I presumed.
I presume a lot of things. If you've been keeping up with my story, you would know that it's my propensity of relying on assumptions, and presumptions, that constantly causes me grief. Well, it happened again. This time, it was assuming that Amanda had actually left the room.
See, at home, when I am alone, or when I know my sister is asleep in her room, I have habits that are a bit more lax than most. I'm not gross or anything, I just don't typically close the door when I go to the bathroom for a quick tinkle. As Amanda and I were the only ones in the house - and I thought she had walked back to the kitchen, I didn't bother closing the door behind me. Why bother with a bedroom, hallway and living room between me, and the only other person in the house?
I whipped out my cock and prepared for business. To this day, I am impressed by its hefty weight while it's in its flaccid state. Ever since the work incident, it's been like this. I lifted the toilet lid, and was just starting the stream when I heard Amanda's voice. "Oh hey, I haven't checked lately, but if you need more toilet paper, it's under the sink." When I heard her, my heart sank. She sounded very close. Too close... and before I got a chance to respond, her head popped around the door.
Now I can only assume that the reason Amanda would poke her head into the bathroom, is because she believed I hadn't started using it, as evidenced by the open door, I'm guessing. Perhaps she thought that I was in front of the mirror or something, or just about to close the door. Who knows? But the point is, I was standing just a few feet away from the door, aiming my peter into the water bowl when she saw me. The toilet is ninety degrees from the door, so I was angled with my side to her, and everything was clearly in her line of sight.
"Amanda, no!" I yelled, attempting to turn and block my large cock from her view, but by then I was too far in to stop, and I couldn't fully turn away.
"Oh, I am so sorry, Brian!" answered Amanda, but instead of darting back out, she stepped further into the bathroom. "The uh... the door was open, so I thought maybe you were trying to find the toilet paper or something. I didn't mean to..."
"It's okay," I said, as I tried to shift my back to her more, yet Amanda kept inching forward, angling herself around to get a better peek. "Do you... do you think you could let me finish?" I asked.
"Oh, again, I am so sorry. How thoughtless of me. I was just thinking.. well, gosh... I don't know exactly..." As Amanda spoke, she continued creeping closer. I pushed the muscles in my bladder, trying to relieve myself as quickly as possible. This was getting awkward. If Alicia saw my penis, and I think she did, she was having the same reaction every other woman has: the insatiable desire to swallow my semen.
I tried to slow her down. "Ma'am, I uh... I could really finish easier if you would please step back."
Amanda stopped, but she didn't step back. Instead, she tilted sideways, and this time, finally caught a clear look at my long, thick shaft. I wasn't sure how appealing it was with pee streaming out of it, but I couldn't help it. I had to finish.
"Brian, I have to... I have to..." Her voice was trembling, fingertips at her lips.
I turned to her while still in mid-stream, lifting her chin up to meet my eyes, to get them off my penis. "It's okay, Amanda. I understand what you are going through. If you let me finish, I will let you do what you need to do."
"Do you promise?" she asked. Her chin was lifted up, but her eyes were down, not wanting to miss anything. "Really promise?" she begged.
I turned back to the toilet and focused for the next ten or so seconds while finishing up. If I was going to get sucked off, I wanted to be comfortable. A full bladder is never comfortable. Amanda continued to watch, but otherwise left me unmolested. Finally, I flushed and turned to her, leaving my cock out. Without hesitation, she dropped to her knees, her mouth deep over my thick shaft instantly.
"I must warn you, if you swallow, you will get bigger tits."
Amanda stopped, pulling off. "What?"
"I know it sounds crazy, but it's just.. it's just a thing I have. You're like.. what, a B cup or so?"
"Yeah?"
"You're gonna get big tits."
"You have to be joking."
"Yet you have to swallow my cum, don't you? It's all you crave right now."
Amanda squeezed my shaft and gazed back on it, before looking back up at me. "Yes, I want it. I want to swallow all of it. I don't know why."
"Almost supernatural, isn't it? Certainly unnatural." I said.
"Maybe," she replied, licking the tip.
"Amanda, I mean it. You'll get bigger tits. I don't know if you can resist, but if you can, you must not swallow my cum." My pleading did no good. Amanda began relentlessly licking, sucking, stroking and guzzling my shaft. It was slow, then fast, then medium, then back again. Her skills were impressive. "It's coming," I warned, several minutes later.
"Mmm hmmm," she mumbled, pumping my cock with both hands directly into her mouth. She kept her lips wrapped firmly around the head of my penis. I felt it burst out, filling Amanda's mouth in a flash. She swallowed fast, repeating the task as accompanying loads pushed through. She then opened wide and bore down hard on my cock. Feeling my shaft shoved so deep down her throat sent another jolt through me, and I unloaded yet again, this one surely bypassing her taste buds, straight down the hatch. Finally, she pulled off.
"That was delicious," she said. "Thank you."
I quickly pulled my pants up and arranged myself properly.
"Were you serious about my breasts?"
At the moment, Amanda was wearing a light, white and brown blouse. A nice bra underneath for her pert breasts, but one wouldn't know it without removing the blouse. Which is what I suggested now. "Um, you definitely want to get out of that bra, and possibly remove the blouse." I nodded at her, emphasizing my sincerity.
"You have to by jok-"
And then it happened. Poof! It always happens in an instant, and it is always just as shocking as the first time I witnessed it. I heard a snap or two, and some ripping sounds, as Alicia's new boobs popped into existence.
"Jesus Christ!" she shouted.
"I am so glad that isn't painful," I whispered, once again amazed by the results. I wasn't sure, since her tits were all jammed up, in what looked to be a broken bra, and a very stressed blouse with a couple buttons now missing, but she had to have been a DD or more.
Amanda immediately began grabbing at her new boobs, even unbuttoning the remainder of her blouse. "What the hell? What did you do to me?"
"It's only for a day," I said. "About 24 hours, then you'll be back to normal. I am so sorry"
Amanda turned and looked at herself in the mirror. Without me saying anything, she removed her blouse entirely, and then went to remove the skirt. She tucked in her tummy, which wasn't really flabby anyway, and turned from side to side, admiring her new curves. "Well.. wow. You mean it? Just one day? I won't have to put up with this for more than a day?"
"Correct," I said, while admiring her ass. I hoped she wouldn't notice, but she was wearing a pink g-string, no doubt a product of her time, but still very hot on her firm body. It was difficult to not look.
"Heath always used to tease me. Said I was perfect in every way, except up top. He loved big tits. Enormous ones, really. Oh, if he could see me now..." Then I saw it. The look on Amanda's face. She quickly turned to me. "Oh my god... this... this thing you have. That happened at work, didn't it?" I couldn't lie, and nodded. "That was the reason... Heath was trying to... trying to get whatever you have, wasn't it? Tell me the truth!" Again, I nodded, looking down. That's when it finally hit her. Amanda began sobbing and leaned against the sink. "Oh, that stupid, silly man. I told him I would get an operation, but he insisted no."
"Amanda, I am so sorry. Everyone at the company is upset, too. If Heath would have told any one of us what he intended to do, we would have stopped him. Talked him out of it."
"It's not your fault, Mr. Johnson," she whispered. "Heath was a scientist. A grown man. He obviously didn't consider the risks." Amanda paused to look at her new tits. "But I understand why he tried."
As I was leaving, I agreed to pick Amanda up at nine the next morning. "We'll see the funeral director, and as I said, we'll take care of all the expenses."
"Thank you. Again."
I don't know how on earth she kept it so cool. Most spouses would be furious with the employer, if they lost their loved one in a work accident.
***
The next day, I shaved and got ready for work. I'd skip on going to the office, and head straight to Amanda's. We'd be finished by lunchtime, and I could get back to the office then. Having beat off so many times yesterday, along with that late afternoon blowjob from Amanda, I felt safe from any unruly pheromone problems. I'd be back in my apartment by six tonight, and could beat off then.
Amanda came out in a dark skirt and blouse. I noticed she wasn't wearing a bra as her breasts jiggled a bit, shoveling her way into the car. "Hi, Amanda. You doing okay?"
"Yes, thank you, Brian. Still not sleeping much, but I'm told that's normal."
My heart was really aching for her. No one deserves such unexpected bad news. "You've been a champion, Amanda. I know he meant so much to you."
She smiled and we headed on. Like any funeral home visit, it was a bit boring and routine, but necessary. Considering we had all the work done for him, the only thing he had to do was try to up-sell us on luxury items. Amanda didn't seem interested in much of it, but I did convince her to get a plaque, with Heath's profile etched in, his favorite line from Hendrix scripted underneath, above his birth and death dates.
Just as we were leaving, Karen from worked popped in. "Hi, I'm Karen Langdon, one of the partners," she said introducing herself. "It's been a long time since we met, Amanda, but I wanted to see you before the funeral. Did Brian explain we will be handling everything?"
Amanda blushed, "Yes, and so did the funeral director. Now you. Again, thank you all so much. It is a burden lifted."
Karen nodded, and then caught sight of Amanda's chest and her braless state. Instantly, her head snapped to me. I tried to look innocent, as if unaware of what she was implying. The funeral director stood up and moved to introduce himself to Karen, so they could handle the billing, and Amanda, thankfully, saved the day. "I am really qiute happy with everything. I will let Brian take me home now."
"Of course," said Karen. "If there's anything we can do, let us know. We'll stay in close contact throughout this entire process." Karen seemed genuinely empathetic and legally cautious at the same time, a delicate skill.
On the drive home, I started sweating. I was gripping the wheel tightly. "Everything okay?" asked Amanda, noticing my anxious state of being.
"Um... I'm not sure I should say."
"Please. It will be nice to think of somebody other than me and my problems for a while."
"Oh, well, uh... I'm not sure it would do that."
"Oh? Well, now you have to tell me."
I sighed, giving in. "Okay, well, my boss saw your uh... condition," I nodded towards Amanda's big tits, and I could tell she thinks it's because of me."
"Oh, I see. That would be bad?"
"Very bad."
"It's not like you meant it to happen."
"Won't matter," I said, flatly. "I guess she knows you weren't that big on top before."
"We met like two years ago. For all she knows, I could have had a breast augmentation."
"She knows that won't be true come tomorrow at the funeral," I said. "That's where I'll get busted." Then I laughed. "That is, unless you're willing to wear a big, fake bra or something to save my butt."
Amanda laughed, too, but then said, "Seems easier just to suck your cock again."
I almost hit her mailbox pulling in when she said it. "Amanda, no, you don't have to do that."
"I could use the... distraction."
"But Heath?"
"What? Heath and I played all the time, especially when we were younger. Outside of work, he was anything but I prude."
"I won't pry," I said.
"Point is, he wouldn't be bothered by this."
"Really? Are you sure? You'll do that?"
"I offered. So, come inside then?"
"Well, your breasts are still big now. We have to wait until they go back down before I let you suck me off. Otherwise, they just get exponentially bigger."
"Really? That is some crazy science fiction right there."
"Don't I know it. So, you did it yesterday around five or so. It's usually an hour or two around the 24-hour mark, give or take, that one starts going back to normal. That process takes about an hour." I knew the "rules" of this curse very well, and it showed as I explained them to the widow.
"So you might be here late, I guess," she said, stepping out of the car. "Come on, help me take my mind off the funeral. Let's prep dinner."
The idea sounded wonderful to me and I followed her inside. I sent a message to work, telling them I had to go home. I didn't want Karen thinking I spent more time with Amanda than necessary. By seven, we had finished dinner. Salmon and a vegetable stir-fry. "That was delicious," I said.
"Yeah, thank you. I enjoyed that." She briefly scanned her top and said, "So, uh, it hasn't started going down yet. Should we wait a little longer?"
"We have to, before we do it again. I haven't ever seen it go much past this point. Rare occasions."
Amanda popped off three of her top buttons, exposing a healthy amount of cleavage. "This will help us keep an eye on things better." Then she popped another one. "Yeah, that's much better." She looked back up to me. "Wanna watch TV or something? A beer?"
"That would be nice," I said. Amanda slowly got up, brushing me as she passed. I headed to the living room and sat on the couch, and soon she came back holding two beers. She took the spot near me. "Remote's on your side," she said, reaching past, making sure I could see down her blouse. She grabbed the remote off the nightstand and pulled back off, flicking on the television.
It dawned on me. It had been almost 24 hours since I came. If I didn't beat off, my pheromones would fill Amanda with uncontrollable passion for me. That's why she had gradually been ramping up her flirtatious behavior.
"Hey, maybe we ought to just drop the blouse. Make it easier."
Amanda started popping off her buttons, as I bolted up.
"Uh.. I need to use your restroom again."
Amanda's arm snatched out, her hand grabbing me. "No, wait. I want you to see." She quickly abandoned the blouse, now revealing everything, as she had no bra on. "Do they look like they're going down yet to you?"
"Unfortunately not," I said.
"But they are nice, right?"
"Oh, very," I agreed. "But still, we have to wait until they go down before you can..."
Amanda yanked my arm, pulling me to her. "I get it. We have to wait for them to go down before I swallow your cum, but Brian, I don't want that right now. Fuck me, Brian. Please, fuck me. Then I can swallow you."
I dropped to my knee, trying to explain. "Amanda, I haven't told you everything. If you fuck me, you will be compelled to have me cum inside you. Much like you were when you gave me a blowjob." Amanda was squirming in the couch now, wanting to rip my clothes off, I know. "You have to understand, when that happens, your breasts will grow, just as if you sucked my cock."
"That's perfect! Then let's do that!"
"Except you'll also be lactating." Her smile dropped. But then, after she thought about it, returned. I continued, "and if we do it now, your tits will get bigger still. Karen will know that you and engaged in... well, with you." I waved at Amanda's topless, frantic body.
"PLEASE! I just need it. Please, please, please."
She was already in the begging stage. I had maybe thirty minutes, an hour at most. I got an idea. "Amanda, if you can hold off for just long enough to allow your breasts to go back down, I will fuck you until you forget your name." Now, she beamed with joy. "But you HAVE to hold off, until your breasts go back to normal."
"But how long will that take? And how can I possibly wait?" She was now pulling off her skirt.
"That's it. You masturbate. I'll watch."
What I was about to do could be seen as unnecessarily cruel, but I saw it as compassionate. I just had to find a way to get off while watching Angela fuck herself. Watching her would certainly provide all the eye candy I needed, but I had to be discrete enough for her not to see me doing the required physical work.
Amanda was leaning back in the couch, legs spread, taunting me already. She ran two fingers over her clit, before sliding them inside. "Can you see everything okay?" she asked. I knew she wanted me to cave and fuck her now, but I withheld the temptation.
If I can just cum, my pheromones instantly snap back to normal, or drift off, or whatever they do, until the next build-up. That would bring Amanda back to her senses. "Turn over and show me that ass. Fuck yourself harder."
Gleefully, Amanda hopped up, her new, big tits swinging, when she turned around, arching her ass high in the air. "Like this?" she asked, with her face practically shoved in the cushions.
"Just like that," I whispered. "Just a few minutes like that." My cock was already solid hard and I reached into my pants to do the deed. At this angle, I felt safe she couldn't see what I was up to, but I realized she might be able to hear. "Amanda, talk dirty while you do that, please. That will make me want to fuck you." (And hopefully disguise the sounds of me jacking off.)
"I can't wait to have your cock in me!" she cried, pumping herself harder. "I want to fuck you so bad, Brian. I never needed a good, hard fuck so much! I want you in me. I want you to fuck me, anyway you want, just so long as I can have it. You can fuck me in the ass, too. But I have to have you! I want you cum, Brian. I want you to bury your cum in my pussy!"
Amanda didn't have to go much past that before I snapped, yanking my pants and underwear down, and unleashing a huge rope of cum across the room. In fact, some splattered on Amanda's right ass cheek, just as I heard her cumming, too. It almost sounded like a horror film, there was so much screaming and shrieking and sploshing. Then, instantly, she stopped. I quickly pulled my pants back up, before she caught sight of my cock.
Three fingers were still buried in Amanda's pussy, and her pinky from the other hand was stuck in her ass, when she had ceased so suddenly. Finally, she flinched back, pulling everything out, checking herself, and rose up. Amanda was soaked, the couch was soaked, bits of the floor beneath her. She looked to me. "Well, um, yeah, I came really good right there..."
"Yes," I said, nodding. "I guess I have to fess up and say I did, too."
"I see that," she nodded to the floor, even glancing back at her right bum. "Well, I was just going to say, now that I came - and I DO enjoy the company - but now that I came, I guess I don't really need sex right now. I just don't want to get your expectations-"
"No, it's fine," I said, smiling, relieved that jerking off took Amanda's sexual needs away from me.
She smiled, thankful I was willing to forget it. "It looks like these damn things won't go away, though."
"I have an idea. We know they'll be back to normal by tomorrow morning. The limo service picks you up at ten, but I could meet you here first, say at nine?"
"That's fine. I'll be happy to help. Besides, I'd like to have another day or two of these babies. Always wondered what it was like having tits. Now I know. I like it." She smiled. "And frankly, amongst all this other bullshit I have to go through, it's the only bright spot in my life. I'll be glad to see in the morning, Brian."
***
I don't know what the fuck my curse is, or who has it out for me, but when I left at 8:30 the following morning, my tire blew, pulling out of the driveway. I quickly ran into the house and changed to something more casual, to replace the tire with the spare. Another quick change and I was back on the road, only to be held up at a stopped train. Forty minutes later, it got off the tracks.
I texted Amanda at 9:30: Stuck at train. Be there ASAP. She never return the text, and it was almost ten by the time I pulled in her drive. I rushed to the door, and Amanda opened it before I even knocked. I noticed she was flat chested again. "I've been waiting. What happened?"
I quickly surmised the unfortunate events.
"Well, come in. Let's hurry," she said, just as the limo pulled up. "Well, fine. We'll do it in there."
"What? In the limo?"
"If we don't want to be late. Let's just go. There's privacy windows in those things."
I sure hoped so. The driver escorted us inside the vehicle, and I sat across from Amanda, facing the rear of the vehicle. There was only about ten minutes from here to the funeral home.
"Driver, would you mind raising the window?" Amanda asked.
A minute later, I was awkwardly leaning back, while my dead colleague's wife was going to work on me. She had as much an insatiable desire to suck it, as she had the first time she saw my cock. About five minutes in, I felt myself getting closer, when the limousine stopped. It slightly distracted me, but Amanda's skills got me back track, when I heard the driver get out and mutter a few words.
"Wait, what is that?" I asked, pulling up a bit. Amanda didn't let go, following my movements, not allowing my cock to leave her. She didn't want to risk missing a drop. She mumbled something at me, but I wasn't clear on it, when the door to my left popped open. To my horror, Karen was looking straight in.
"BRIAN!" she screamed. "What the fuck?!"
Amanda, although thoroughly engaged, was even taken aback by the sudden surprise, pulling off only for a moment, my stiff rod snapping into view. Karen instantly leapt inside the vehicle, slamming the door behind her, yelling, "Good to go!" to the driver.
She snapped up to me. "Brian, you have a lot of explaining to do!" she yelled, as she grabbed the base of my cock with her left hand. Amanda pushed herself back into the mix, groping my shaft just above Karen. "Hey, I was doing that."
"Sorry, sister. I saw it, too. When this happens, we just share." Karen was letting Amanda know, loud and clear, what had to be done. They stared each other down for a moment, before shrugging it off, agreeing they could both do the deed together.
I had no idea if the driver knew what was up. As he pulled away, the two ladies began fighting over my cock. It didn't take long before I felt it coming. "Who's first?" I asked.
Amanda raised her hand. "Well, at least let me suck it until it explodes," said Karen, taking my cock from Amanda. She went down deep, perhaps hoping I wouldn't be able to contain myself, She started working it, back and forth, faster and faster, when I tapped her. "Hurry! Give it to Amanda."
Amanda shoved her way in the mix again, opening wide, just in time as I escaped Karen's mouth and found hers, filling it with my seed. I was practiced at this next part: holding the extra sperm that was still in my balls. I pulled out of Amanda's mouth and shifted my cock to Karen. "Hurry," I said. While she swallowed, with her mouth tightly suctioned the head of my cock, Karen just stared me down, shaking her head. She was so disappointed in me.
She finally got off, and wiped her mouth, ensuring all was clean. "Goddammit, I hate it that it tastes so good." She began unbuttoning her blouse immediately and looked to Amanda. That's when she noticed Amanda came prepared, wearing a blouse large enough to "grow" into. Karen knew the change was coming and was desperately trying to get her bra off in time. I hated to see what would happen to her already swollen, lactating, enormous tits.
Amanda's suddenly popped into existence, filling her blouse. She clapped with glee. "Heath would have loved this," she chuckled.
I silently mouthed, 'See, it was her,' to Karen, who was more concerned with her awaiting disaster.
"What's happening? Why aren't mine growing?" Karen began fondling herself, rubbing hard, even squeezing. She shook them a time or two.
"That's strange," I said. "Amanda swallowed first, but you weren't far behind. Why isn't anything happening?"
Then Karen looked even more perplexed. She tugged and pinched her nipples, even squeezing down on them. "Brian. I'm not lactating. Something's wrong."
"What do you mean? When did you stop lactating?"
"That's just it. I never stopped. I could always squeeze my breasts, even just a little, and milk streams out. It isn't happening now."
"And your tits aren't getting bigger, either," I gasped. "Somehow, swallowing my cum again, after you've been creampied, stops the lactating process."
"Do you think this effect will be permanent?"
"We can hope," I said, tucking my cock away, before one of the two desired sucking it again.
Angela broke in. "Look, I don't want Brian to be in trouble for any of this. It was my idea, Karen."
Karen wasn't worried about me anymore and waved her off. "Just so long as I stop lactating, I don't care. Whatever."
I prayed that blowjob had a log-term effect. I didn't want to get shit on at work even more next week. This new life of mine was getting exhausting.