As I take soft breaths in and out, I feel the rise and fall of my chest as I start to wake up. I rub my eyes, turning my head to the side. The sunlight cascades through the window and onto the bed. I have always been used to sleeping with the curtains open, so perhaps moving to a ground floor apartment was not the best choice I had made. It is Saturday, and I definitely can't wait to go out in the evening. Maybe I'll meet Michael again, or maybe some other handsome stranger that could satisfy the constant hunger I have to be fucked. Some of my recent sexual antics flash into my mind – what if someone had seen what I was up to? The thought sends a swell of heat to my clit, and it begins to throb, instantly turned on. My nipples become hard and I can see them through my nightie, aching to be set free. I run my hands over the smooth material, caressing and pinching each nipple as I go.
I bend my knees up to my chest plant my feet flat on the bed and part my legs. The nightgown slides down, exposing my thighs and the underwear I have on. My hand drifts along my body and down my legs, on a quest to find the source of the heat radiating from me.
I grab the hem with both hands and pull it up over my head. I toss it to the other side of the room. I cup my mound with one hand, while the other continues to caress my breasts, squeezing gently and playing with my nipples. The seam of the cheaply made underwear is in just the right place. Moving my hand in small motions, the friction it is causing is already driving me wild – I need to feel more. My movements gain speed and I can feel myself getting more flushed. I can't take it anymore – I grab the waistband of my underwear and pull them off in one swift motion.
The temperature of the room suddenly hits me like a cool breeze – it is cold, but comfortably so. The contrast of the cool air to my hot skin makes me arch my back, spread my legs wider and begin to play with myself more. I dip one finger inside of me and feel how very wet I am. I keep pushing in and out with my finger, massaging my clit with the heel of my hand. I slip another in, and push them upwards slightly, rubbing on that oh-so sweet spot inside, sending waves of pleasure crashing through my body. My mouth opens and soft moans escape. I am unable to hold back.
I close my eyes and think about what I was up to a last week – I had met Michael three nights ago, and there was an obvious connection; not the romantic type, but the type where you know there is a large amount of sexual chemistry between us. We fell into my bed around 3am on the Sunday morning, immediately beginning to pull of each other's clothes. I was already wet, and he was hard. There was no foreplay, no romantic touching or kissing, just lustful fucking. He turned me over, holding me face down on my bed, and came crashing into me from behind. The bed creaked, the headboard slammed against the wall, and the room was filled with moans, grunts and the sound of skin on skin. He was so big, filling me just right. I was screaming in pleasure within minutes. Then it was his turn – I pushed him onto his back, lowered myself down onto him and moved my body over him, up and down like no tomorrow. My heart was pounding, but I kept moving down onto him, his hands on my waist pulling me in deeper. It was amazing.
Thinking about what we had done, I feel myself dripping wet, my juices thick on my fingers, coating each one I have inside, which by now is four. I move them fast; once again, the friction has me on edge. I can hear the sound of the moisture inside, a soft smacking noise. It turns me on even more. I flip onto my belly and begin grinding myself onto my hand, the bed now pounding against the wall. My heart beats fast, my breathing is sharp and I can feel my whole body begin to quiver. I get even more excited when I hear the bed against the wall and think back to that night when Michael was smashing it against the wall.
I begin to grind against my hand and the fingers inside of me even more, hitting my sensitive spot each time, getting closer to the edge with every movement. My nipples rub against the rough cotton sheet and stiffen. Then I remember that my windows have no curtains and that at any minute someone could be walking past and see what I am up to. That thought sends a flood of heat to my clit and I felt myself begin to tighten around my fingers. I turn around and get on my knees, legs apart and slightly bent over. Thrusting my fingers in and out of myself, I begin to twist and tease my nipples until it happens; my pussy clenches onto my fingers, my heart feels like it is bursting and my whole body is full of the most amazing sensations. I instinctively shut my eyes as I moan with pleasure, feeling an intense heat rise within every cell in my body.
I removed each finger slowly, smiling at the twinge of pleasure that is still pulsating though my body. My pussy is way too sensitive to be touched at all. I fall back onto the pillows breathlessly. After a while, I open my eyes and I can feel the slickness of myself between my thighs, and can still see my juices on my fingers. The air is filled with the scent of my orgasm, and my body is covered in little beads of sweat. My heart pumps fast and my breathing is fast. My ears are ringing and I can't help but smile – I love these types of mornings.