My wife is normally a very demure, southern lady who always dresses impeccably and she is extremely smart and very buttoned up. However, she does occasionally allow her slutty side to emerge and the more we have played out our fantasies, the more she has allowed herself to let her inner slut come out to play.
One thing we have talked about many times was a gang bang, something she had never even remotely entertained. Hygiene is important to Maggie and the thought of having more than one man climax inside her seemed to be a problem even though she has had sex with a couple of lovers and me during an afternoon or evening session.
I had no idea that she would consider a real gang bang but it turns out her new lover, Clay (see Our Most Recent Threesome story previously submitted) has really turned loose the ultimate slut Maggie truly has become. After being with Clay several times they continue to communicate via email with lots of dirty talk and fantasy play. Little did I know that they had planned a real surprise activity without telling me the details in advance. Incidentally, some names have been altered to protect the perverted.
#######
Maggie approached me one evening as we were having an adult beverage. She had a sexy smile and a slightly guilty look on her face so I knew something was up. She said she had something she wanted to discuss with me and told her to go ahead and let it out. She asked me not to get mad and I laughed and said don't worry, talk to me.
"Well, I have been communicating with Clay and we thought we might like to get together again. It has been a while since we have connected. Would you mind? Would you like to see us together again?"
My reply was, "Are you kidding?" I am usually the one who initiates these activities so it was a real treat for me to have my wife initiating a fuck session with the well hung and expert lover, Clay. Clearly she was enjoying her adventures with Clay. I asked her what she had in mind, knowing damn well that she and Clay had already concocted a plan.
Maggie told me she and Clay had talked about getting together the Friday of that week and since it was Thursday evening already, that meant that tomorrow was the big day. My Maggie is such a joy especially when she turns loose her inner slut.
"Friday it is. Have you guys decided where you want to meet?"
Maggie told me they had already agreed on a suites only hotel in North Atlanta and we were to meet at 2:00 PM on Friday afternoon. Game on. It was always so thrilling to see my sweet Maggie being royally fucked while receiving extreme pleasure and giving considerable pleasure in return. She and Clay were very hot together and I always captured wonderful, sexy photos for future stimulation.
On Friday afternoon we drove to the hotel with Maggie grinning from ear to ear all the way. I knew she was looking forward to seeing Clay and having an afternoon of carnal pleasure. Little did I know what was in store.
We arrived at the hotel and I called Clay as we entered the lobby. He had already registered and was able to use his military ID card to get an upgraded suite on the top floor of the hotel. He told us to come on up and start the party.
We arrived at the room where the door was ajar and soft music was playing inside. We entered the suite where Clay was sipping a glass of wine wearing a white button down collar shirt, pleated grey trousers and black Gucci loafers. At 6' 2" tall and 190 pounds and very handsome, he was easy on the eyes and Maggie smiled broadly as she moved straight to Clay and kissed him gently on the lips.
I shook hands with Clay and smiled remembering how sexy he looked while pounding my sweet wife. He was actually better looking than I had remembered and he had retained his military bearing even though he had been out of the Marine Corps for over 5 years. It was clear he was also fit and trim with literally no body fat.
Clay poured Maggie a glass of wine as she sat at the foot of king size bed. It was covered with a white comforter and looked very inviting. Clay returned with the wine and kissed Maggie lightly again. She sipped her wine looking somewhat flushed and clearly excited about what was about to happen.
In a few minutes Clay moved over to Maggie and gently cupped her left breast with his right hand lifting her to her feet. She handed me her wine glass as she and Clay engaged in a full body embrace and a deep French kiss. Soon their hands began to roam searching for body parts. Soon Maggie found Clay's rapidly growing and impressive cock as he fondled her breasts through her silk blouse.
Somehow, Clay and Maggie fit together very nicely. Maggie is 5'4' tall and weighs 120 pounds. Her dark brown hair, always tan skin and 39DD breasts seemed to melt into Clay's fit frame as Maggie mashed her impressive breasts into Clay's stomach. His bulging trousers pressed deep into Maggie's stomach portending the action to follow.
It did not take long for clothes to start flying and it was no surprise that Maggie was the aggressor. It was interesting watching my wife deeply kissing and clearly enjoying the ministrations of another man. She knows she is totally free to do whatever makes her feel good knowing that I am neither jealous nor uncomfortable watching her with another man. She has told me that while she knows I am in the room (hard not to with the camera shutter clicking incessantly) she simply puts it out of her mind and goes with the feelings of the moment. Her hot action with Clay would likely be no different if I was not in the suite.
In a few minutes they were both naked and had fallen on the bed in twisted mass of hot flesh. Maggie could not keep her hands off of his 9.5 inch cock which was throbbing and pulsing with each stroke of her hand. Clay continued to be fascinated with Maggie's large and lovely breasts and between tweaking her nipples and lightly biting them; Maggie was clearly aroused and ready for action.
Once Clay moved his fingers to her clitoris it took only seconds for her first climax to overtake her petite body. She shuddered and moaned loudly and the orgasm hit her with a powerful jolt. Clay's enormous cock looked menacing to me but Maggie grabbed it and moved her lips to the bulbous head. She quickly took as much of his cock as she could and moved her wet lips up and down the shaft as Clay closed his eyes while trying to maintain a grasp of Maggie's nipple.
Maggie continued sucking his massive cock and soon Clay moved to trade places with Maggie. He dove into her slightly dark, hairy, pussy and began to nibble at her clit. To say that Maggie is multi-orgasmic is a gross understatement. She can cum over and over and never seems to tire. She always surprises her lovers and sometimes me too, by climaxing almost immediately and continuing the pace of orgasms at an incredible rate.
Soon Maggie needed a hard cock and she pulled Clay up by his ears indicating her need to have his cock inside her. He moved up to kiss her knowing that she loves the taste of her own pussy and they engaged in a wet, hot kiss as the head of his cock probed her outer labia.
Clay backed off from the kiss and gently placed a pillow under Maggie's petite little ass. She spread her legs wide with her feet planted on either side of Clay. He grabbed his cock by the base and guided it into Maggie. She raised her head watching the massive cock enter her again. As wet as she was the enormous love stick needed time to make its way into her tight pussy. While his length was impressive it is his massive girth that made Maggie cum over and over. She loves the way he stretches her wide while driving deep into her vagina. Soon she was cumming again and again as Clay pushed deeper and deeper. He never really forced himself but just continued a steady push to the depths of Maggie's love tunnel.
Soon Clay was balls deep in her sweet pussy and he stopped for a moment and enjoyed the feeling of being deep inside Maggie. He kissed her deeply as his cock twitched inside her. Soon he pulled back about half way out and then back in again. He repeated this over and over very slowly and effectively. It seemed Maggie was having one continuous climax and sometimes they would be loud and powerful and occasionally softly with a deep sigh. Like me, Clay has extremely sensitive nipples and when Maggie starts softly licking and nibbling them it drives her lover crazy. She could not resist the urge to do this to Clay and he responded immediately.
Clay increased the pace and began a furious pounding of Maggie's sweet pussy. She responded by throwing her legs up in the air with her toes curled. Climax after climax overtook her body and she was almost screaming in pleasure as she gushed her love juice onto Clay's cock. Clay and Maggie were whispering unintelligible words to each other. One thing Clay has done is to get Maggie to talk dirty while they were fucking. I later found out that their dirty talk extended to swapping racy emails from time to time.
Soon his furious pounding resulted in Clay announcing that he was about to cum. Maggie begged for him to cum deep inside her grabbing his ass cheeks with both hands. Her legs were splayed obscenely in the air spread wider than I ever thought she could spread them. Clay pounded away and soon roared like a lion as he came in buckets in her already sopping wet pussy. Cum leaked out the sides as he continued to pound. It is difficult to describe how much cum he produced but clearly it was more than Maggie's womb could handle as it squirted out and onto her ass and then the sheets of the bed.
As Maggie's legs relaxed and Clay fell on top of her, they were both exhausted but I knew this was a momentary break as I clicked the last photos of Round One.
As Maggie and Clay caught their breath almost on cue there was a knock on the door of the suite. I was surprised and looked at Maggie who looked at Clay with a sly smile. Clay climbed out of the bed and donned the white robe provided by the hotel. He moved to the door and we heard male voices talking softly in the foyer.
Soon Clay returned to the main room of the suite and announced that he had a surprise for us. He turned towards the door and in marched three Marines in camouflage uniforms. Maggie had retreated under the sheets exposing nothing bet her head. Each of the Marines marched to the foot of the bed and announced themselves.
"Captain Harold Hansen, US Marine Corps" He saluted Maggie and moved to his left to allow the next Marine to present himself.
"Sergeant Carl Conner, US Marine Corps." He saluted and moved to his left at parade rest.
"Lieutenant Lewis Wallace, US Marine Corps." He saluted Maggie as all three stood at the foot of the bed.
My wife is extremely patriotic....always has been. And she loves the military and especially men in uniform. When they are bright, articulate, fit and fun, she loves them even more. This team of Marines was very impressive and I could see the admiration in Maggie's eyes.
Each soldier was holding a bright red rose in his left hand. Once they had announced themselves Captain Hansen moved to Maggie and presented her with the rose and a respectful kiss on the cheek. Sgt. Conner was next and he also presented Maggie with a rose and a cheek kiss. Finally Lt. Wallace moved to Maggie and presented her with two roses and a kiss. He explained that he was delivering a rose for Captain Clay since he was previously engaged.
Captain Hansen moved quickly to the foyer and returned with a vase which contained 8 additional long stemmed red roses. Maggie looked a bit alarmed and said, "Oh, my, are there more Marines coming to the party?"
Everyone laughed as Capt. Hansen said, "No Ma'am, these are from your husband."
With that, Maggie looked at me with a huge smile on her face. She looked back at the Marines still in uniform. They were all standing at rest awaiting further instructions.
Maggie looked at me and then back at the men in uniform. "Gentlemen, an explanation is in order for my sweet husband."
Maggie asked me to move to the bedside. I took a seat beside her having already determined what was happening or so I thought.
Maggie held my hand and smiled sweetly. "Honey, you know Clay has a way of bringing out my inner slut and, well, we have been communicating by email lately and..........uh.........doing some dirty talking. I kind of mentioned that I had never done a gang bang and you know I have really never even had an interest in it. But somehow Clay makes me feel like such a slut and I can't seem to get enough cock even though he is a wonderful lover. So, we kinda' organized this little surprise for you...............for us. Are you okay with this??"
I kissed my sweet wife and squeezed her breast as I smiled. "My only regret is that I was not the one who convinced you this would be fun for you. Looks like you talked yourself into it. You know if it is something you want I am totally okay with this. Have fun!!"
I looked at Clay and then the Marines and said, "Game on, fellows. Whatever pleases the lady, pleases me."
With that the Marines shed their camo uniforms down to boxers and olive colored tee shirts with big bold black letters USMC. They lined up at the end of the bed and once again saluted Maggie.
"Harry the Horse reporting for duty Ma'am."
"Carl the Cock Conner reporting for duty Ma'am."
"Lew the Pleaser reporting for duty Ma'am."
Clay was smiling and looked at Maggie and said, "I handpicked these guys who are my best friends in the world. More importantly, knowing you, I thought you would appreciate their, shall we say, talents and I know they will certainly appreciate yours."
Maggie smiled at Clay and said, "Let's see what we are working with here."
With that comment, the soldiers pulled their tees over their heads in unison and soon dropped their boxers. They were already "standing at attention" and it quickly became apparent why Clay had selected these men.
Harry the Horse had by far the largest and most impressive cock. It was almost as thick as Clay's monster but at least two inches longer. He was already fully erect at over 11 inches........a truly impressive piece of man meat sticking straight out in front of his fit frame.
Carl the Cock was sporting an erect 9 inch cock with a large, angry looking head. It was as large as a small apple and thick like Clay's cock.
Lew the Pleaser had an odd shaped cock with a head that looked like a torpedo and his cock expanded down to an extremely thick base. It was about 10 inches long and had blue veins coursing down each side of his cock.
All three men were already hard as a rock and Maggie had not even come out from under the sheets. I found out later that Clay had told them what an insatiable appetite she had and that she could cum over and over so all the men had taken a Viagra before arriving in order to insure that they would be able to perform over and over.
Maggie looked at Clay, clearly the leader of the group and said, "Okay, let's get this party started. What happens now?"
The men moved towards the bed and Harry pulled back the sheet wondering aloud what was hiding beneath the sheets. All three men gasped when they got a full view of Maggie's hot body. Soon the three men were joined by Clay who had dropped the robe. Hands consumed Maggie's body and she reveled in the feeling of the rough masculine hands pinching, rubbing, feeling, groping and touching every part of her anatomy. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she reached out to grab the nearest hot cock. She soon had one in each hand.
It did not take long for Harry the Horse to move his incredibly large cock to Maggie's waiting mouth. He pressed the head to her lips and she turned to take as much as possible while Carl the Cock moved his love meat to her labia. Maggie managed to take Clay's cock in one hand and Lew's pussy pleaser in the other. Maggie was in heaven and soon they found a rhythm. It was almost impossible to imagine what she was feeling but the cameraman did not miss the opportunity to capture it on the camera so we could discuss it later.
Harry was literally skull fucking my wonderful wife and she was totally focused on his cock. I could not believe how much of it she could take down her throat but I could tell she was determined to take it all and make him cum. He rammed her throat incessantly and I thought she would surely turn her head away or gag. However, always the trooper Maggie stayed with it and was soon rewarded with Harry announcing that he was about to cum.
He jammed his cock into her throat and grabbed the back of her head as his balls tightened and he began to spew his love juice into her mouth. She swallowed as much as possible before the excess cum began to dribble out the sides of her mouth dripping on to her breasts. This sexy sight caused Lew to announce that he was about to spew and she turned her head to take his cock in her mouth.
He responded by slamming it into her hungry mouth and soon filled it with his white hot spunk. This time she did not spill a drop and swallowed every spurt he offered. She never let go of Clay's big cock as Carl continued to pound her pussy even harder while he watched his buddies' cumming into my hot wife. In a matter of moments Carl bellowed that he was about to cum and Maggie pleaded with him to let it go. He pounded her furiously and yelled out as he filled her with his large load. Apparently all of these men had not climaxed in quite a while as evidenced by the extra large loads they were depositing in my wife. She loves big loads and seemed to revel in the copious amounts of sperm being deposited in and on her.
Finally Carl moved aside and Clay assumed the familiar place between Maggie's legs. He inserted his enormous cock into her wet and waiting vagina. With her juices flowing after multiple climaxes and Carl's large load (not to mention the load already deposited by Clay earlier) he slid in with ease and quickly bottomed out in Maggie's hot pussy. She responded by wrapping her legs around his thighs and urging him deeper and deeper into her pussy. Clay, who has enormous endurance, pounded Maggie mercilessly. She cried out almost as if she was in pain but it was the beginning of an enormous climax. She soon screamed out, "Oh my God. Fuck me, Clay. Fuck my pussy and cum in me."
All the men in the room watched with rapture at the incredible performance by my wife. Clay soon bellowed that he was cumming and he then deposited his second load of the afternoon into Maggie. She had now consumed five loads of cum in less than an hour and she was not done yet. In the process she had climaxed at least 30 times during the session.
All five of them seemed exhausted, at least for the moment. Maggie asked Clay to bring her a glass of water which he did quickly. What a performance. Harry leaned in to Maggie and softly told her, "That was the most amazing performance I have ever seen."
Maggie smiled and told him the afternoon was not over. This brought a smile and look of wonder to the faces of the men in the room. I am sure they were wondering what was next and so was I.
Maggie asked Carl to hand her a USMC tee shirt which he did. She slipped the tee over her head and climbed over the tangled bodies and out of the bed. She swished her way to the bathroom looking incredibly sexy with her exposed legs and the USMC tee shirt covering her impressive breasts.
As she disappeared into the bathroom and closed the door all 4 of the Marines looked at me and Harry said, "Wow............what a wife you have. Thank you for sharing her. She is awesome and you are a lucky man."
I smiled and said, "Well, thank you for your service to your country........and to my wife."
We all enjoyed a good laugh and as I looked around the room I saw 4 naked Marines, a well used king sized bed and me with all my clothes still in place. It was a humorous sight.
Maggie soon returned to the bedroom smiling and obviously refreshed. She moved to the leather love seat and asked if someone would pour her a glass of wine. All of the Marines rushed to serve her a glass of Pinot Grigio.
She looked at me and smiled demurely asking if I had captured some good photos. She already knew the answer but I suppose she was trying to engage me in a process where I was otherwise an outsider albeit one with a digital camera.
Clay moved over to the love seat and sat beside Maggie still naked. He reached up under the USMC tee shirt and lightly massaged her breast with the other guys watching and waiting for a reaction. Maggie cozied up to Clay and reached for his expanding cock which was already on the way to returning to its full glory.
He whispered something into Maggie's ear and then took her by the hand and returned to the bed which had been smoothed out and readied by the always eager Marines. Clay sat Maggie on the edge of the bed and asked his fellow Marines to line up side by side in front of Maggie. Soon it was apparent that she was going to suck all four cocks one after the other. She started with Clay and worked his cock with her hand and her lips as he grew to his full and impressive size. Maggie reached up and ripped the USMC tee shirt off her torso revealing her impressive breasts to the waiting Marines.
While she was sucking his cock she reached out with her other hand and started stroking Carl's cock slowly. After about 2 minutes of sucking Clay's cock she moved to Carl and started sucking his man meat while reaching out with her other hand to stroke Harry's unbelievably long and thick cock.
All the men recovered very quickly and were soon sporting impressive erections. Perhaps it was the Viagra or perhaps it was simply Maggie's impressive charm and her physical assets. In any case, she had them all hard as a rock as she finally moved to Lew's long pole and stroked and sucked him to fullness. Throughout the cock sucking process there were hands all over Maggie's large and lovely breasts and it was clear she was warming to the moment while providing extreme oral pleasure to the men.
Harry laid down on the bed his man pole sticking straight up in the air. Clay moved Maggie over to Harry and helped her climb on top of him with his love muscle pointed directly at her waiting pussy. She inserted his cock into her lips and sat down slowly on his cock as all of us watched his cock disappear into her. It was impressive and sexy.
She took her time knowing we were watching and finally slid all the way down so that his impressive length and girth were totally consumed in her womb. What a sight.
She leaned over and kissed Harry sweetly and he wrapped his arms around her back. Soon Carl was moving behind Maggie while grabbing a bottle of Astroglide. He lathered his cock with the slippery gel and then applied a liberal amount to her asshole. He then inserted his middle finger in her and then another. She was writhing on his fingers while furiously bouncing up and down on Harry's love meat.
Soon Carl pushed the head of his cock into her anal opening. Once he got the large apple shaped head inserted he slowed to allow her to adjust to the intrusion and she responded by pushing back against him. He pushed all the way in to her ass and soon the three of them established a steady and sexy rhythm. Within minutes they were all three moaning and groaning while the other two men slowly stroked their cocks waiting their turn. Meanwhile the fucking scene was incredibly hot and sexy and it was hard to stand by and not participate. However, the respectful Marines waited their turn knowing that their time would come soon enough.
Within a few minutes Carl announced that he was going to cum in her ass and Maggie urged him by saying, "Yes, do it. Cum in my ass. Come on. Cum in me........now."
Carl soon yelled out that he was cumming as he deposited his impressive load into her anal cavity. This proved too much for Harry and he said he was going to cum. Maggie responded by moving furiously up and down and urging him to cum as well.
Carl fell off of Maggie out of respect for her need to make Harry cum but before he did, Maggie yelled out, "Cum with me, Harry. Come on. Cum with me." And then she screamed a blood curdling yell that seemed to rattle the walls. She came so hard she blacked out for a moment on top of Harry as he was filling her pussy with another huge load. All three of them lay motionless on the bed for what seemed like an eternity. No one wanted to speak out of respect for the moment and the obvious tiredness of the participants.
Maggie rolled off of Harry and snuggled up to his side as he wrapped his arm around her shoulder. Clay moved to the bed and asked Maggie if she was okay. She nodded and softly said yes. She also asked for her glass of wine and a wet hot towel. Lew gathered her wine glass while Clay went into the bathroom to prepare a hot towel for her.
She moved up on the bed and slipped under the sheet as she accepted the wine glass. Clay handed her the warm, wet towel which she discretely slipped under the sheet to clean herself. Lew and Clay were still naked as newborns and were both sporting huge erections. Maggie smiled at them and asked what their intentions were given the protrusions they were sporting at the moment.
Clay smiled and asked Maggie how she felt. She responded "Thoroughly fucked." We all laughed as she smiled sexily.
Clay smoothly slipped under the sheets next to Maggie and asked, "Are you completely fucked or just thoroughly fucked?"
She smiled and said, "Well, if you are asking if I am done for the afternoon I think I might be able to work up a little more energy. What do you have in mind?"
Under the sheets Clay's hand found the nipple of her left breast and we all knew that more action was just moments away.
Clay soon disappeared under the sheets as Maggie slumped down into the mattress. It was clear that Clay's head was between her legs stimulating her clitoris to another aroused state. Lew wasted no time in moving to the bed and finding one of Maggie's nipples between his teeth. This sent Maggie into slut overdrive yet again and soon she was writhing on the bed and climaxing over and over. Her ability to climax amazes me even after all these years and witnessing her various escapades. She is simply amazing and in spite of being totally and royally fucked by these stud Marines, she was ready to go again. Amazing!!!
Lew pulled Maggie off of Clay's mouth onto his waiting cock, which was standing impressively straight up in the air. Maggie rolled right on to him in the female superior position and mounted his cock. This left Clay no choice but to move in behind her and start kissing and massaging her butt cheeks. Soon his finger found her anus and she responded by pushing back against him.
Soon Clay moved his huge cock to her anus and rubbed the Astroglide gel into her and on to his cock. He positioned his cock at her opening and pushed in slowly but steadily. Maggie stopped fucking Lew long enough to allow Clay entry into her bowels and soon the three of them had found a steady and steamy pace
This was too much for Harry the Horse and he moved to the bed stroking his steel pole to another impressive length. He positioned himself above Lew who had his eyes closed while Maggie rose and fell on his cock with Clay firmly positioned in her ass. Harry fed his cock into her waiting mouth and finally she was stuffed with three giant cocks, all connected to Marines. What a sight.
In spite of having cum twice previously Harry was the first to announce that he was ready to cum and he let loose another impressive load into Maggie's waiting mouth. This time she swallowed every drop.
Clay groaned loudly and it was obvious he was cumming in her ass pounding away at her petite frame. His enormous cock made squishing sounds as he deposited his load into her ass. White hot liquid squirted out the sides of her anus as Clay continued to cum in buckets. That was his third load of the afternoon. How do these guys do it?
Finally Lew bucked up into Maggie and yelped loudly. As he pushed his cock deep into Maggie he came again deep inside her. Maggie came again as Lew completed his climax with a long, low groan.
Maggie rolled off of Lew and laid down beside Clay who was recovering on the bed. The room smelled of sex and sweat as the candles burned down on the bedside table. The voyeur in me was almost totally satiated as I viewed the scene in the suite.
Soon the kudos began. "Wow, what a woman!"
Incredible, Maggie, unbelievable fuck."
"What a woman..........a world class slut and a nice lady too."
Maggie smiled and thanked the men before remarking, "Aren't we forgetting something here?"
The men looked at each other and then at Maggie with a puzzled look.
Maggie looked at me and crooked her finger motioning me towards her. "My husband................without him none of this would be possible."
She knew my cock was about to explode. My trousers were bulging as I approached the bed. My sweet Maggie wanted to provide me with much needed relief but I also mentally noted that my wife the exhibitionist also wanted to perform one final time for the men in the room.
I moved to the bed and dropped my pants and boxers. Maggie cupped my balls and base of my cock with her right hand and she placed her left hand on my butt cheek pulling me close so she could deep throat the entire 8 inches I was feeding her. Her lips were soon pressed against my pubic hair as she took the entire cock down her throat.
I was about to explode but held off as long as possible so that Maggie could put on a show. I also wanted the wonderful sensation of her lips on my cock to continue for at least a while. However, within three minutes I was ready to explode. Maggie was making groaning and sucking noises as part of the show she was putting on for her audience.
The men looked on admiringly as Maggie slurped and sucked while stroking the base of my cock. Soon I yelled out, "Here it comes." She worked harder with her hand and her mouth and was soon rewarded with 6 or 7 spurts of white hot cum. She drained me dry and licked me clean while the men watched her perform.
All of the men were spent except Harry the Horse. When I opened my eyes he was standing right beside me with a smile on his face and his enormous cock standing straight out in front of him. He looked at Maggie smiling and said simply, "Please?"
Maggie smiled and moved over to his impressive cock. She grabbed it by the base and started stroking it lovingly while placing her mouth over the bulbous head. The exhibitionist in her was loving performing for the appreciative audience and she went to work on Harry with vigor. I wondered where in the world she found the energy to put on such as show. Harry's eyes rolled back in his head as Maggie worked her magic. Soon he announced that he was ready and Maggie pulled her mouth off of his cock. "Where do you want to cum?"
Harry smiled and told her he wanted to cum on her luscious breasts. He pumped his cock several times before producing another impressive load. Five, six, seven spurts of his love juice squirted on to Maggie's lovely tits and chest. Maggie reached for his cock and swirled her tongue on the head while cleaning every last drop of cum. What a slut!!
Finally it was obvious that everyone was spent and the delightful session was coming to an end. After wiping the hot cum off her breasts and chest Maggie climbed under the sheets and pulled the covers up to her neck almost as if to cover herself. Pretty ironic considering what she had just done with this group of soldiers.
As the men dressed they each approached Maggie and kissed her lightly on the lips or cheek and thanked her for an incredible afternoon. Maggie asked to no one in particular, "What does a girl have to do to get one of those Marine Corps tee shirts?" Soon three USMC tee shirts were flying through the air landing on the bed beside Maggie.
Maggie giggled and said, "Thanks for the memories guys!"
When they were finally dressed the Marines stood at attention at the foot of the bed and saluted Maggie in unison. Semper Fi, Maggie! Semper Fi!!