This is a love story that transcends a few categories. I am putting it in 'Loving Wives' because I know it will receive a lot of criticism there. Enjoy and thank you for your readership.
***********
The first time I saw Andy I admired the young handsome man. And the first time I heard him speak at length, I felt like a teenage girl having her first crush. It was his confident, emotional intelligence that aroused me. I couldn't explain why. It just was.
The way he looked at me. It was almost as though he wanted me. That's just my foolish imagination, my narcissistic belief that this hot young man would want me, be attracted to me, would fuck me.
We were sitting in the conference room reviewing our cases when I fell apart. I think Andy sensed something, he looked at me empathetically and smiled. Was I really showing some distress? My pussy was becoming moist. Rachel most have noticed as well. After the meeting she approached me.
"You got really flushed in there. Are you alright?" Rachel asked.
"Yes," I replied. "Just a wave of, ... I don't know, overcame me momentarily."
"Don't tell me it was hot flashes, girl," she said. "You're still way too young for that."
I was. I was also too old to be reacting this way to a younger man.
***********
I had to do something. The tension has been unbearable. I'm really screwed up.
"Mike," I said to my husband as we both were changing into more comfortable clothes after a long day at work. "Sit down on the bed here," I commanded. He was stripped down to wearing only a t-shirt and boxers.
"What's up with you?" he responded. "You seem to be a little on edge lately."
I didn't answer and he didn't move so I went to him, down on my knees I pulled his boxers down and took his flaccid cock in my mouth. It didn't take long for him to get hard.
"Whoa," he moaned. "It's been ages since you gave me a blowjob," he said quizzically.
"It will be much more comfortable for me on the bed," I said to him matter-of-factly.
Mike laid down on the bed, his cock pointing straight up. I went back to pleasuring him with my moist mouth. I licked his shaft up and down, alternately stroking him, lubricated with my saliva. I was sloppy but intense.
I slid my hand into my sopping wet panties and began rubbing my clit as I bobbed my head on my husband's stiff rod. I took him in all the way till I could feel him on the back of my throat.
"Shit Katie," Mike cried out. "I'm going to cum."
Then I did something I had never wanted to do before. I took his load in my mouth and swallowed each blast of his salty spunk.
"I don't suppose you want to kiss me now," I said to my husband who just stared at me bewildered. "Come on, I'll heat up some lasagna for dinner."
We didn't talk much through dinner but I could tell Mike's brain was on overload trying to figure out what happened in our bedroom. After twenty years of marriage we had sex rarely any more. Maybe it was because we were so used to each other.
After I finished cleaning up the dishes I poured myself a glass of wine and went to the living room where Mike was watching television and sipping on his brandy. When I sat down, he turned the TV off.
"What possessed you to suck on my cock and swallow my cum?" he asked still perplexed.
"I have been fantasizing," I replied.
"You never liked giving me blowjobs, even when we were younger, when we were dating," he informed me.
"I don't know where it came from," I told him. "I guess something has stirred my sexual desires."
Mike was very smart and he knew me well.
"Is it someone at work?" he asked. "Someone new you are attracted to?"
I felt comfortable enough with Mike to confess. "Yes," I replied. "There is a new young lawyer on our team. His name is Andy. I don't know what it is about him that makes me fantasize about him. He is handsome but not overly so, extremely smart and confident."
"Does he seem to be attracted to you at all?" my husband asked.
"Oh god, no. We are all very professional," I answered. "Sometimes, though, it seems like we are staring at each other for an unusually long time. That's where the tension builds and my mind goes crazy."
Mike smiled. "Well, I think I should thank him. That was a really fantastic blow job," he joked. "Now that's off your chest I'm sure you are somewhat relieved," he continued in a more serious tone.
"Mike," I said demurely. "I really did enjoy sucking your cock and tasting your cum. We'll have to start having sex more often."
My husband took my hand and led me to the bedroom where he seductively undressed me. We kissed passionately like we did when we met in college. I felt his warm moist lips on my nipples which sent shivers of pleasure through me, his hands caressing my breasts.
I closed my eyes and soaked up his gentle touch as he went down on me. His tongue worked on my swollen clit, heightening my arousal to the point of orgasm. My cum gushed, drowning my husband's face in my womanly fluid.
Mike penetrated me slowly, my hot wet pussy was ready to take a pounding.
"Hard, Mike. Fuck me hard," I cried out. He did as I ordered. Pounding me relentlessly, I had several orgasms before I came one last time when I felt my husband's cock shooting his sperm inside me.
"That was wonderful," I whispered as I drifted off to sleep.
*********
I was heading to the conference room Friday morning when I heard Andy's voice behind me saying he was thinking of trying out the Greek restaurant that evening. Then I heard Rachel, the young para-legal, reply to Andy that she would like that. Were they making a date to go out to dinner? A hint of jealousy overcame me momentarily. Was the object of my fantasies hitting on another woman?
"Excuse me," Andy said while he brushed past me to get the door. "Ladies," he said gesturing Rachel and I into the conference room. Rachel and I sat down at the big table and much to my surprise, Andy sat down next to me, not Rachel.
As the meeting progressed we were informed that Andy and I would be assigned to a new case as the attorneys for one of the firm's larger clients. Rachel was to be our para-legal. I couldn't help but think how torturous this was going to be working so close to Andy while he was pursuing a relationship with Rachel. I had to get those jealous lustful thoughts out of my mind. Of course Andy should be interested in Rachel. They were both young and I was old enough to be their mother.
I will have to fuck Mike every night to keep the tension from building in me.
After the meeting I called my husband and told him we were going out to dinner at the new Greek restaurant. I don't know why I insisted on torturing myself for the opportunity to see Andy and Rachel in a social setting.
That evening as we entered the restaurant I spotted Andy and Rachel with another woman sitting at a table by the window. I noticed the table next to theirs was empty so I asked the hostess if we could be seated there. As we approached them Andy stood up.
"Katie," he said. "What a pleasure to see you here tonight. And you must be Mike," he said thrusting his hand out to shake my husband's.
"Hello Andy, Rachel," I said. "And..."
"This is Lauren," Andy introduced the stunning young woman with the jet black hair and olive complexion.
"Do you think we could put the tables together so they can join us," Andy said to the hostess. She said it was no problem.
I sat down next to Andy and Mike next to Lauren across from Andy and I. Rachel was seated on the other side of Andy.
"Andy wasn't kidding when he came home today and said he was assigned to work with a sexy woman," Lauren said unabashedly paying me a compliment.
Wait. Andy went home to Lauren? I was getting very confused.
"She is sexy," Mike chimed in on the obvious flirting. "And you're pretty hot yourself," my husband said to Lauren.
"You never told me your husband was so handsome," Rachel said to me with a smile.
Now Rachel is hitting on Mike. What about Andy? Lauren kept eyeing me as did Andy. This was getting a little crazy. I think Mike picked up on what was going on. The flirting continued through dinner and I was getting aroused because I felt Andy was really being playful with me.
We all had another drink after we finished dinner. The conversation turned to weekend plans and Monday was a holiday so it was a long one.
"Mike, do you and Katie have plans for the long weekend?" Rachel asked my husband.
"No, not really," he replied.
"We were just going to hang around the house, stay out of the heat and binge watch some shows on Netflix," I added.
"Then why don't you spend the weekend with us," Rachel offered.
"Yes. That would be great. We rented a cabin on the mountain," Andy explained.
"Well, I'm not sure," I said looking at my husband. "Anyway, you young folks don't want to hang around all weekend with a middle-aged couple. We're not that exciting company."
"Oh yes we would," Andy, Rachel and Lauren said in unison.
"I think it would be lots of fun," Mike said committing us to the weekend.
**********
Saturday morning we drove up the mountain escaping the heat of the desert floor. I was both excited and apprehensive. Mike seemed to be oblivious to my swinging emotional pendulum. He reassured me that our relationship was solid.
"I think this is a terrible idea," I said to my husband.
"Why? I can see why you are attracted to Andy but that shouldn't get in the way of a fun weekend," he responded to my insecurity.
"What if I can't control myself and wind up fucking Andy?" I challenged my husband. "Wouldn't that ruin us? Wouldn't that fuck everything up for us?"
"I don't know. Actually, I think it would be erotic to watch you fucking another man," Mike said without hesitation. "That kind of turns me on, the idea of us fucking other people. We certainly needed something to spark our sex lives. I think it would keep us from drifting apart from boredom."
"Would you fuck Rachel or Lauren?" I asked.
"Preferably both," he replied with a chuckle.
When we arrived, Andy showed us to our room in the two room cabin. That meant that Andy, Rachel and Lauren would all be sleeping together in the other room. Mike had told me the night before when we drove home from the restaurant that he was fairly certain Andy, Rachel and Lauren were sleeping together anyway.
After we settled in for a bit Andy and Lauren asked me if I wanted to go for a walk in the cooler mountain air. Mike and Rachel seemed to be having fun playing darts. As we were walking along, Lauren took my hand.
"You know Andy fell head over heels for you," Lauren said to me firming her grip on my hand.
"I did," Andy confessed. "It was sort of instant attraction."
"Both of you and Rachel seem very open and relaxed sexually," I said stating the obvious.
"We're polyamorous," Lauren explained. "We're open to having sexual relationships with other people."
"I felt the tension between us," Andy went on. "I sensed that you were fighting your attraction to me."
"Yes, I did. I didn't know how to deal with it. I had never had those sexual feelings toward another man since Mike and I met and it was totally unwanted," I told them.
"When we found out that we were going to work together I felt it was necessary that we get our feelings out in the open," Andy said to me. "Now that we've done that, where it goes is totally up to you. It ends with an acknowledgment or we can take things further if you and Mike are in agreement on it."
"I told Mike about my feelings toward you," I said to Andy. "He was alright with it. Actually it revived our sex life."
"Are you getting more comfortable with the situation?" Lauren asked me.
"I think so," I replied actually feeling good with Andy and Lauren.
"We better get back and check on Rachel and Mike," Andy said. "Rachel has a tendency to be a bit wild outside the office."
We entered the cabin to find Rachel wearing nothing but a thong and Mike stripped down to a t-shirt and boxers. They were still playing darts and I could see Mike was having a hard time concentrating by the bulge in his boxers.
"Hi guys," Rachel blurted out. "Want to play strip darts with us?"
Mike's next throw totally missed the dart board. "I win this round," Rachel said gleefully. "That will even us up." Mike started to take off his shirt when I stopped him.
"Take off your skivvies," I told my husband going to help him out of his underwear. His erection stood out in full glory.
"One night after I work I was so bothered and wet from the sexual tension building in me from Andy, I went down Mike and gave him the blow job of his life," I related the story. "And for the first time in my life I swallowed his cum."
"Does it taste good?" Rachel asked.
"Find out for yourself," I said.
I directed Mark to sit down on a chair as Rachel knelt in front of him and began sucking his cock. It was erotic. I forgot about Andy in the moment and was getting aroused watching this young woman I work with blowing my husband.
I noticed Lauren getting aroused too watching them. She had her hand down in her pants.
"Come here," Lauren said to me. I went beside her. She unbuttoned my pants and slid a hand inside my panties. Lauren started fingering me as we both watched Rachel and Mike.
"Rachel," I called out. "Fuck him. I want to watch you fuck him," I pleaded. Rachel pulled off her thong and straddled Mike, lowering herself on his cock. Rachel's breasts bounced in my husband's face as she pushed up and down and rocked back and forth.
"Oh Fuck!" Rachel screamed as she obviously came to an orgasm. Her cum poured out of her down Mike's leg. I was watching intently when Lauren pulled down my pants and started licking my pussy.
"Fuck her doggie," I yelled at my husband. Rachel climbed off Mike and positioned herself on hands and knees right in front of Lauren. Mike positioned himself behind her and started pummeling Rachel's pussy. Andy came up behind me and pulled my shirt off over my head and unsnapped my bra. I could feel his hard cock pressing against the crack of my ass as he fondled my tits.
The sound of flesh slapping filled the room as Mike fucked Rachel as hard as he could. I was cumming in buckets, Lauren licking most of it up.
Mikes face was tensing up. I knew he was about to cum. He warned Rachel.
"Fuck. Cum in me," Rachel cried out.
Mike collapsed on the floor panting hard. I saw his creamy cum dripping from Rachel's pussy.
"Mike's turn to watch," Rachel said.
"Are you alright with that?" Lauren asked me.
"Yes. Please. Andy, fuck me," I responded. My pussy was already wet and swollen. Lauren led me over to the sofa and bent me over the arm exposing my pussy to Andy. I felt him penetrate me slowly. I didn't see his erect penis but I could feel it was thicker than Mike's. Andy's cock stretched the walls inside my pussy when he was all the way in. I felt erotically full.
Andy started slow. I pushed back as he thrusted in feeling him deep inside me. Mike sat down on the sofa. I looked up and saw him smiling as he watched Andy start to pound me harder. I saw my husband's deflating cock, shiny with a coating of his and Rachel's cum and that set me off. I came hard.
Andy pulled out and set me on my back on the floor. He lifted my legs to rest on his shoulders as he penetrated me again.
"You have lovely bouncing boobs," Lauren commented as Andy pounded me. "Do you like having your nipples pinched?" she asked.
"I don't think she knows what that feels like, Lauren," Mike interjected. "We weren't very adventurous in the bedroom."
Lauren grabbed a hold of my boobs and started pinching them. It felt great. My whole body was sensitive.
"Pinch me harder," I managed to get out between my heavy breathing. "Oh god," I screamed as I came again. Andy kept fucking me relentlessly and Lauren took her hand off my left tit and started rubbing my clit. Waves of orgasms overcame me.
"Holy Fuck," I kept screaming. It was intense. I came like I never had before. My body was out of my control.
Andy pulled out and shot his load all over my tits and belly. It was a copious amount of cum. I was coming down off my high when I felt a warm soft mouth on my swollen sensitive labia. I opened my eyes to see it was Lauren. After sucking my juice for a few seconds she crawled between my legs and began licking Andy's creamy cum off my belly, then my breasts.
I felt like I was ready to pass out. I was totally content and exhausted.
*********
I woke up disoriented. I was in a bed alone, still naked. I got up and saw our bags at the foot of the bed. I found a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. I made my way to the kitchen where I found the others sitting around the table drinking beer and wine. Rachel was the first to notice me.
"Hey Katie," she called out. "Have a seat."
I sat down. Mike poured me a glass of wine, knowing that I preferred wine to beer.
"How do you feel?" Mike asked.
"Very good," I replied. "How long was I out of it?"
"About two hours," Andy answered. "What should we make for dinner?"
"Let's barbeque steaks," Lauren offered. "Why don't the guys go outside and get a fire going while we girls put together a salad."
"Sounds like a plan," Rachel added.
Mike and Andy went outside leaving me with Rachel and Lauren in the kitchen.
"So what did you think when you walked in on Mike and I playing strip darts?" Rachel asked.
"I was aroused," I confessed. "I didn't know I would feel so aroused watching Mike with another woman."
"It's really hot," Lauren added. "The first time Rachel and Mike fucked I was so wet I left a puddle on the bed."
"Andy and Lauren are married," Rachel explained. "I first met Lauren and we had a fling, then a threesome with Andy. The three of us have been together about four years now."
"So, you brought Andy to the firm?" I asked Rachel.
"Yes," she replied. "He was working in boring bankruptcy cases so when the opportunity came up I told him about it. I was so happy he got the job with us."
"I'm curious," I started out. "How did it come about that Andy was also attracted to me?"
"Andy always expressed to us that he was also attracted to older women," Lauren began explaining. "We had tried to get together with an older couple a year and a half ago but the woman got very jealous and it didn't work out."
"Actually, when I told him about you he was excited. That's what convinced him to work at our firm," Rachel elaborated.
"I'm starting to feel flattered," I confessed.
"So, tell us more about you and Mike," Lauren insisted.
"Well, the reality is we were in a big rut," I told Rachel and Lauren. "Our sex life was almost extinct. When I started having secret desires for Andy, Mike picked up on it right away."
"That's when you gave him that fantastic blow job you were talking about earlier?" Lauren asked.
"Yes. That's what sparked us back to life," I admitted.
"Do you think there is something more than a physical attraction between you and Andy?" Lauren inquired further.
"I was attracted to Andy as a person more than his looks," I said. "Not that he isn't handsome," I quickly remarked.
"You see," Lauren started to explain. "In a polyamorous relationship there needs to be an emotional and romantic bond. And mostly there needs to be openness."
"Lauren is trying to tell you that we would like for you and Mike have a relationship with us," Rachel told me. "We want an intimate relationship between the five of us."
I didn't know what to feel at that moment. The sex was great but they want something more than a physical connection. It sounded great but I couldn't tap into my feelings about it just yet.
"Hey. Maybe we're getting a little too heavy here. Let's take it easy and see how the weekend goes," Lauren said.
"Do you mind if I sleep with Mike tonight?" Rachel asked me. Before I could answer Lauren interjected.
"Andy and I would love for you to sleep with us," Lauren offered.
"Yes, Rachel and thank you Lauren," I responded.
We had a great dinner joking and laughing. There was definitely a friendship between us all. After dinner we sat on the deck sipping wine and carrying on more conversation.
"Have you had sex with a woman before your brief encounter with Lauren earlier?" Andy asked me.
"No," I answered. "There were times I might have had an inkling of an attraction for another woman but something I never acted on."
"Lauren is an amazing lover," Rachel offered.
"Are you alright if we swap Rachel and Katie tonight, Mike?" Andy asked my husband. He looked at me. I know he likes Rachel so I smiled giving him the thumbs up.
Lauren took my hand and led me into their bedroom. We kissed gently while we helped each other out of our clothes. It felt natural. We embraced, our nipples pressing into each other's. I felt a strong hand on my butt. Andy must have come in the room during our interlude.
Andy had me lie on the bed. We kissed as he caressed my boobs, squeezing them, pinching my nipple gently. It felt so good. Then I felt Lauren's tongue slide up and down from my butt hole over my labia. I was lost in a world of pleasure.
Lauren began finger fucking me, quickly rubbing my spongy g-spot. Andy was now sucking my tits and biting my nipples. My body seized in a tremendous orgasm. I felt myself ejaculate all over Lauren's face. Lauren moved over to suck on Andy's cock while I started to come off my high.
I laid there watching Lauren mount Andy and ride him, her beautiful round tits swaying. It was wonderful to watch. I never knew I was such a voyeur. I stuck two fingers into my hot wet pussy. Laurens moans grew louder.
I heard screams coming from the adjacent bedroom. "Holy Fuck," I heard Rachel scream. I began to want to watch them all fucking at once. Andy and Lauren, my husband Mike and Rachel. I wished we weren't in separate rooms.
"Take over Katie," panted Lauren as she dismounted Andy's thick cock which glistened with her juices. I straddled Andy, sliding on his shaft easily.
"Tell them to come in here," I said to Lauren referring to the loud sex emanating from the other room. "I want to watch Mike fuck Rachel while I ride Andy's cock." Lauren smiled as she got up to fetch the loud lovers.
A minute later I saw Mike come in the room. Lauren leapt into the bed next to Andy. "Fuck me Mike," she said to my husband. I was cumming like crazy and started to feel dizzy. Rachel helped me off of Andy.
"My turn," Rachel said as she positioned herself for Andy to enter her from behind. The slapping sound of their bodies, Mike's heavy breathing as he pummeled Lauren and her short loud rhythmic moans pushed the edge of eroticism to a whole new level.
Lauren wrapped her legs around Mike. I saw his face tighten as he grunted pumping a load into Lauren. "Oh god that was hot," I told him as he froze in place, his cock trapped inside Lauren's tight grip. Andy stopped pounding Rachel and jumped on top of me. He kissed me passionately, his tongue pressed against mine, his cock penetrating my pussy.
I came almost immediately from the sensation of his thick cock stretching my swollen, sensitive labia, filling my vagina.
"You're so beautiful, Katie," I heard Mike say.
***********
Sunday morning Andy and I went for a walk together. I was amazingly calm and content being with him.
"So, that's your boundary," Andy started saying. "Being in the same room with Mike."
"It's just something I felt I wanted. I didn't think of it as a boundary," I responded. "I heard them going at it in the next room and I wanted to be with them. Watch Mike fuck Rachel and I wanted to be with you and Lauren too."
"That's great," Andy said reassuring. "We should have thought about that before trying to split up," he apologized.
"It all worked out well," I told him. "Yesterday was the best sex I ever had. I like you and Rachel and Lauren and I love Mike."
Mike, Lauren and Rachel were sitting outside on the deck when we returned. Everyone had the same glow. We sat down with a cup of coffee.
"Let's all agree that when we have sex as a group, we do it all together in the same room," Andy announced.
"That's a great idea," Lauren chimed in.
"I love an audience too," Rachel spoke up.
Mike looked at me and smiled.
"So why don't us girls show the boys how girls love each other," Lauren proposed. "Are you ready for some Sapphic love, Katie?"
"Sure," I answered. This was going to be a new adventure. I loved the feeling of Lauren's warm mouth on my pussy, the way her tongue felt sliding up and down my labia. Those few passionate kisses left me with a desire to do more. I wanted to taste the nectar of another woman.
"You boys have to be in the room, remember? Enjoy the show," Rachel told them.
"I have an idea," Mike announced. "Andy and I can take the mattresses off both beds and we can put them together on the living room floor. That should be enough room for the five of us to be comfortable."
"Great idea," I told my husband and kissed him.
I had always fantasized being with other women, like an orgy of femininity. I thought about sucking on Mike's nipples sometimes in foreplay but never did. Now I was presented with four beautiful breasts, each with a hard nipple beckoning me to suck on them. I glanced over to Mike and Andy, sitting on the sofa watching us, stroking themselves in awe of us.
Lauren maneuvered herself on top of me in a sixty-nine position. I felt her tongue on my clit as I faced her hot dripping pussy. I dove right in to taste her womanly juices. She came all over my face. I came in hers.
"Wow, you two," Rachel exclaimed. "I never saw two women cum so quick," she said "You boys need to taste these hot pussies."
My husband Mike went down on me immediately. He licked and lapped at my juices like he was lost on a dessert island for years.
Rachel moved in and pushed Mike out, she spread my legs and pushed her pussy against mine. We rubbed ourselves together in a scissoring motion.
"Holy fuck," I screamed as I came again and again. "Don't stop Rachel," I cried sweating.
I was dizzy. I was searching to regain my breath. Blurry eyed I watched my husband Mike fucking Lauren. Andy penetrated me but I was beyond any response, I was already fucked to oblivion.
********
Monday afternoon Mike and I were heading back home. I was sexually satisfied, even a little sore, yet I wasn't sure how I felt emotionally. I enjoyed every bit of sex with Andy and Lauren and Rachel. I figured my husband enjoyed both Rachel and Lauren. But what do we do now? This is unchartered territory in our relationship.
"Are you alright with me fucking Andy?" I asked my husband.
"Are you alright that I fucked Rachel and Lauren?" he responded.
"Yea, well it was different. I don't know if I am positive about the situation," I confessed. The whole idea of polyamory was so new to me I couldn't just accept it.
"Look," my husband said to me. "We were in a rut. This was an escape. Whether or not it means anything beyond this weekend, I don't know."
"Are we good?" I asked hesitantly.
"Yes," my husband answered. "I love now as much as ever. I want you to be happy."
My love for Mike was stronger than ever.
That night Mike and I and I went to bed with a heightened desire for each other. We kissed gently. We caressed lightly.
"I want you inside me," I cooed. "Slow and easy. I'm still a bit sore." The soreness gave way to pleasure. The feeling of my husband's cock gently sliding inside me was both calming and sensual. I felt warm.
*******
I was amazingly at ease with Andy and Rachel at work on Tuesday. The tension vanished. We were also amazingly productive. The rest of the week went better than well. The client we worked with showered the three of us with praise. The first contract we negotiated for them went smoothly and quickly. We had it done by Friday.
"We should celebrate," I offered being the lead attorney.
"Absolutely," Rachel responded with glee. Andy smiled his approval.
"Considering the bonuses we are going to get, I think we should go all out," I suggested. "Any ideas?"
"How about the weekend at the Ritz. We could rent a casita," Andy offered.
"That would be fun," Rachel said.
"I'll make the reservation," Andy told us.
I called Mike and told him the plans. He was very pleased, actually thrilled.
We checked in that Friday evening and decided to relax with cocktail at the pool after a light dinner.
"So, tell me all about your great legal accomplishment," Mike inquired as we sat around a table by the pool sipping Margaritas.
"It was uncanny. Like Katie and I were telepathically connected, simultaneously exchanging ideas," Andy explained.
"I think we impressed them so much that we quickly made offers and didn't hesitate," I added.
"Doesn't do much for billable hours," my husband Mike queried.
"We hooked a major client. There will be a lot of billable hours in the future," Andy concluded.
We took our drinks back to the casita and sat around the living room. Rachel started he conversation.
"Katie, I would like to be open about something," she started out. "I really like Mike." Rachel hesitated. "last week we all had great sex but I felt a special attraction to your husband."
"Katie talked about this with Andy and me," Lauren interjected.
"I don't know how you feel Mike," Rachel continued. "I felt a special connection with you. It seemed so natural. When we started playing darts I felt so comfortable with your being and confidence I imagined what kind of a relationship we could have.
Mike looked at me. I suppose he was wondering how I would react. This was something new to us. I know we all had a great time last weekend but I wasn't sure where it would go. I was extremely comfortable with Andy and Rachel all week. Now Rachel seems to be proposing a relationship with my husband.
"You guys looked so good together," I told Mike and Rachel. "I'm good, Mike. It's up to you and Rachel. Actually I'd be happy for you. I'm not afraid. I know you will always love me."
"I felt and attraction for you as well, Rachel," Mike said. "I didn't know if it was just me being a horny middle-aged man lusting after a hot younger woman or the attraction was authentic."
"My attraction for Andy was authentic," I reassured my husband. "You need to explore that like I did."
"It's pretty obvious that Andy and Katie bonded in more than a physical way," Lauren explained. "Katie and Rachel have bonded as well. Let Mike find his way."
"I agree," Andy joined in. "Instead of the five us being together tonight let's let Mike, Katie and Rachel explore their relationship tonight."
With that Andy and Lauren excused themselves to the small bedroom leaving the master bedroom for us. I took the lead wanting to assure Mike that I was more than comfortable with him and Rachel. I sat on the edge of the bed watching my husband and work friend kiss and undress each other.
Slowly I shed my clothes as well. I didn't want to get involved in a threesome, I wanted to watch them, though Rachel's smooth round butt was enticing, I held back from caressing it.
Mike moaned as Rachel licked my husband's balls and sucked on his stiff cock. Mike squeezed Rachel's tits and pinched her nipples as her mouth pleasured his cock. She moaned.
I fingered myself to an orgasm witnessing Rachel ride Mike. Rachel's moans were erotic. Mike's expressions displayed his pleasure.
Mike banged Rachel doggie style. I was transfixed on his butt as he pounded her. Rachel was cumming hard, her juices pouring out soaking the sheets. The sounds and smells of sex were intoxicating. Rachel and Mike were loud.
They both collapsed after reaching a strong mutual orgasm. I kissed them both and crawled in bed next to Rachel. I held her hot, sweaty body. We fell asleep in a bed soaked with cum. It was wonderful.
******
Rachel and I woke before Mike. We lightly touched each other lovingly.
"You and Mike never had any children," Rachel said. "Was there a problem?"
"No, nothing medical," I confessed. "I wanted a career. I never thought about a family."
"Did Mike?" she asked me openly.
"I'm not sure. He asked me several times early in our marriage if I wanted children," I replied. "Mike always wanted what I wanted."
"He adores you," Rachel commented.
Mike started to wake, seemed a bit surprised he was lying next to Rachel with me embracing his new lover.
"Good morning sleepy," I said to my husband. "Rachel really wore you out," I said jokingly.
We got up and made our way to the kitchen where Andy and Lauren had already made coffee for us.
"You guys are pretty loud," Lauren commented referring to Mike and Rachel.
"Can't help it," Rachel responded slyly.
"Turned me on. I love primal sex," Andy added.
Andy and Lauren took me for a walk after breakfast. Lauren held my hand. We were so at ease with each other but I sensed Andy had something important to say. It was that telepathic bonding.
"What is it Andy?" I asked.
"You put career ahead of family," he replied. "I understand."
"Rachel asked me that this morning," I said. "So, what's the rest of it?"
"Rachel wants children," Lauren interjected. "She asked us if Andy could father her children and we could be a family. Only that is impossible."
"Why is that impossible?" I asked not understanding. "You shoot a large load Andy. There has to be a lot of great swimmers in there."
"I had a vasectomy. I guess I have a productive prostrate," he answered
"Andy carries a gene for a debilitating condition and he had the vasectomy out of responsibility," Lauren explained.
The situation was starting to become clear. I stopped and looked at them.
"Rachel wants Mike to be the father and we want to raise the child as a big family, the five of us," Andy exclaimed.
"I have had desires to be a mother as well," Lauren lamented.
I was shocked. I thought this was a sexual fling, a phase of sexual experimentation and exploring relationships. I had no idea this was about a family. There were times I yearned to be a mother. That's natural. I was headstrong. I wanted a career. I wanted to be...
"It's up to you and Mike," Andy told me.
"Rachel said she was on birth control," I stated with the fear of being forced into a situation.
"And she still is and so am I," Lauren assured me. "We love you and Mike. We want a family."
*******
Mike and I were alone in the room. Andy, Lauren and Rachel went to the pool. Mike approached me. I knew what he was going to say. Rachel must have opened up to him as Andy and Lauren did to me.
"Katie," my husband began.
"It's alright," I said cutting him off. "Please say yes. I want this too. I sacrificed our happiness to be a high powered lawyer and you were with me,. You always loved me. I love you. Here's a chance for us to have a family. Please say yes."
"Yes."
*******
Lauren and Rachel went off birth control. They began tracking their ovulation with an app. We figured the best way was to have them be with Mike for the week beginning a few days before ovulation. Rachel and Lauren overlapped a couple of days so Mike had to fuck each of them.
"How's it going stud?" I teased my husband.
That left an opportunity for Andy and I to spend some alone time together. We developed a strong relationship professionally, emotionally and physically.
"You're forty-five. You can still have children," Andy said to me after a night of terrific sex.
"No. We are doing so good at work. You and me. We're a great team," I responded.
Andy and I found a great home in the Foothills. Seven bedrooms with seven baths. Perfect for our extended family. It was expensive but Andy and I were making big money.
Lauren got pregnant first., then Rachel a few weeks later. I was happy for them. And I was happy for my husband Mike. I never gave him the opportunity to have children. Never even asked him how he felt about it. He seemed elated now that he was going to be a father, twice.
"Oh my god," I screamed as Mike fucked me hard. I came a few times as he pounded me relentlessly, like he had never done before. It took a few minutes before I could catch my breath.
"Wow, that was incredible," I told my husband.
"It was," he responded panting.
We embraced in the afterglow of our orgasms. The love and lust I felt for him was stronger than it had ever been. Andy and I had great sex but it was nothing like what I had with my husband since we became a family with Lauren, Rachel and Andy. I finally got what polyamory was all about.
Lauren, Rachel and I became very close, not just like an intimate family, also sexually. We reserved one of the bedrooms as the girl's room. At least a couple of days a week I migrated there to find Lauren or Rachel or both. It became more frequent as I felt an unexpected motherly instinct to nurture them in their latter months of pregnancy. I had an insatiable desire to taste their pussies despite the difficulty of maneuvering around their extended bellies.
With Rachel it only took a minute of licking to get her off. "Alright," she would cry out from her heightened sensitivity.
******
Lauren gave birth to a baby boy and a month later Rachel had her baby girl. Lauren and Rachel listed Andy as the father. Mike, my husband and the actual father, were fine with that as we grew together as a family. We had agreed to raise the children together. I felt elated. I was emotionally turned on to watch Lauren and then Rachel nurse both babies at the same time, one on each nipple.
It was not unusual for Rachel to come into our bedroom, Mike and mine's, at any random night. We all shared our love and sex.
"Hey guys," Rachel approached us as I finished in the bathroom and was ready to suck on Mike's cock to get him going for a round of sex. We both welcomed Rachel to join us.
The three of us got in bed with Rachel positioning herself in the middle.
"Do you want to taste my mother's milk?" Rachel asked timidly. "I would like both of you to nurse on me.
I didn't hesitate and neither did Mike. I sucked on her nipple and tasted the sweet milk of a mother. I was intoxicated. I kept sucking like it was her pussy nectar. Mike went down on her as I kept on drinking.
Mike started fucking Rachel so I switched to the nipple he had been sucking on, trying to suck her milk as her tit bounced with the force of my husband's pounding. I squeezed her nipple and her milk sprayed all over my face. I had a huge orgasm.
"Oh Fuck," Rachel cried out and Mike groaned as they orgasmed together.
I passionately kissed Rachel. I loved her so much. I passionately kissed my husband. I loved him more.
As I lay in bed with Mike and Rachel and thought about Andy and Lauren and our two beautiful babies, I felt content and happy. Maybe my selfish career ambitions postponed my happiness but now we are all living in love.