Jake and Andy stepped into the dark hallway, they took carefully one step at a time. They didn't know what to expect so vigilance was of the essence. When they had taken a few steps in the hallway, they heard a noise behind them. The door closed and locked itself, so much for playing carefully.
A second later the hallway was lit up by some dim lights in the ceiling. It was not very much but it allowed the two boys to see. The hallway was pretty straightforward, there were no objects or sideways in it, and you could see another door about 10 meters further.
There was one other object in the hallway however, a large mirror, hanging on the left. Andy and Jake carefully approached it and slowly placed themselves in front of it. There was a message in red paint written on the right of the mirror: 'The real beauty lies within' it said. Jake and Andy looked at each other, not sure what it meant, they looked to themselves in the mirror, trying to figure out the clue.
The boys also took their time to inspect their bodies for any unknown wounds or mutilations, but thankfully, they were okay. Both of the guys were quite large and buffed. Andy was the tallest one at 6,3 feet, Jake was a bit shorter at 6,1 feet.
Jake had short brown hair that used to be styled but was now all messy. He had hazel eyes and a perfect chiseled jawline. A small trail of hair covered his jaws and under his nose, looking well kept and styled, along with a cute smile and white teeth. As a football player, Jake was well build and muscled, though he wasn't as bulky as most of his team members. Jake his shoulders were broad and his chest was firm build, his abs were strong looking and well-shaped. Both his chest and abs were covered in a short layer of hair. Jake used to trim his body hair very often, to keep it well maintained.
His bound arms behind his back looked strong and some veins were shown. Jake his legs looked just as powerful from the years of practice and matches, they were elegantly formed and covered in a layer of hair. Jake's waistline was in a V shape, leading to his, erect cock. It was 8 inches in size, uncut, and looked just flawless, the skin and color were just perfect. Jake his balls hanged underneath and seemed to be shaved, they hanged pretty loose due to his arousal and the warm environment. Jake had a little bit of neatly kept pubic hair around his private parts, beautiful hips, and a firm ass. Jake his dick was glistening with precum, lube, and his own arousal, which made it look even better.
Andy on the other hand was larger and bulkier than Jake, short blonde curls covered his head, he had blue eyes and a strong-looking jaw. Andy had already quite a beard that covered his jawline and his cheeks, although it was well kept because he hated the hipster kind beards. Andy's body consisted out of rock hard muscles from top to toe, broad shoulders, and a rock hard chest. A thick layer of trimmed hair covered his chest, it was the ideal beef pillow. His abs were firm and well-formed and a trail of hair walked in the middle down to his bellybutton. The red numbers that were written on Andy's body seemed to be vanishing, due to Andy's sweating.
Andy's arms were veiny, way larger, and stronger than Jake's. His captors made a good choice using these electronic restrains, because Andy could have broken free easily from ropes. Also, his legs were long, large, and powerful, covered in nothing but muscle and hair. Despite all his muscles, Andy had a pretty round and bouncy ass, though it didn't make him any less attractive. His cock was large, 8,5 inches, thick and heavy, it dangled heavily between his legs, despite being erect. His balls looked large and just as heavy, also being way hairier than Jake's private parts. Also Andy's cock looked wet and glistening with precum and lubricant from their last game. Andy smirked to himself in the mirror, never realizing how beastly he looked, all naked and aroused like this.
There was something out of the ordinary about their bodies though, when Jake and Andy looked closer they saw something around the base of their dicks. First, they didn't notice them at all, but around both the bases of their cocks was a thin, silver-colored steel ring.
"What are these things?" Jake asked, looking in the mirror and down to his member. He swung his dick a bit left and right, but there was no way to get this off.
"You think this is to keep us hard?" Andy asked, "It looks like some kind of cockring to me."
But Jake shook his head, "No, we have been fed viagra, remember what that voice said?" he said. He narrowed his eyes and looked closer, this seemed to be some other mechanical masterpiece instead of just some cockring. "No this serves a different purpose." Jake said.
The boys looked back into the mirror and now realized that more electronic tools had been added to their bodies. They had the ring around their cock and the locks around their arms, in addition to that, they also wore a thin, steel collar. Andy looked a bit closer in the mirror to inspect the collar, it was stainless steel, with various lights and transmitters attached to it.
Also, both guys wore some electronic bracelets around their ankles, similar to the restrains on their arms. Jake turned around until his back faced the mirror, he looked over his shoulder and inspected the bondage around his arms. There was no chain or cord in between the wristbands, so he guessed that they were held together by magnetism. "These guys really know what they are doing." he said.
After a few minutes, the guys still had no idea what this mirror and the message meant, so they moved on. They walked through the hallway to the large, steel door at the end. When the door didn't open, doubt began the crawl up into the boys. Jake tried to find something of a handle but nothing was to be seen, they were trapped.
"Out of the way!" Andy said, Jake looked back and jumped out of the way just in time. Andy charged forward and smashed his full body at the door. A large bump along with Andy's pain scream was to be heard.
In the control room, Tristan and Mike were laughing out loud when they watched at the TV screen to Andy jump into the steel door, to no avail at all. "That's what I love about Jocks so much, so deliciously stupid." Mike chuckled.
"You idiot! This is solid steel! What were you thinking, that it would break down?!" Jake asked, mad about Andy's impulsiveness.
Andy stood up groaning, he was in pain, but apart from that, he seemed to be alright. "You have a better idea?" he asked annoyed.
"Uhm yes, trying to figure out this puzzle!" Jake replied. He brought his face a little closer to the door, "Here, look at this." he said.
Andy came closer and watched to what Jake was looking at. In the door, there was a small slot to be seen, 2 inches broad and half an inch long. Something was meant to go in. "We need a key card of some sort." Jake said, "that will be our way out."
Andy was thinking for a second, his eyes widened as he looked back at the closed door that they came from. "You don't think we were supposed to get it in the last room?" he asked a bit worried.
Jake was thinking, "No, no nothing there hinted for a keycard, and besides those boxes, the room was empty." he said. Jake looked back into the hallway, to the point where they had stood, inspecting themselves. "It has something to do with that mirror." he said.
Cody and Valentine stepped through the door, into a dark hallway, facing a new challenge. They had only taken a few steps into the hallway, until a loud noise was to be heard and the door behind them closed, locking them in the darkness.
Fortunately, a dim light filled the room a second later. Cody and Valentine looked curious and uncertain around the hallway. It was not very hard to determine where they needed to go, there was another large door at the end of the hallway. Valentine made a relieved moan and ran towards the end of the hall. Cody stayed behind and observed the current situation a bit more.
Valentine ran hopefully to the steel door, but his hope disappeared when the door didn't open. His eyes raged over the large steel door, uncertain what to do, "Fuck, fuck fuck FUCK!" he screamed when the door didn't move a bit and he had no idea what to do. Then, Valentine's eyes fell on a slot in the door, he narrowed his eyes and inspected it. It was about 2 inches broad and half an inch long, it looked like a key card slot. "We need some kind of key card for this, man!" Valentine informed his buddy.
"Hey Valentine, what do you think this is?" Cody's voice sounded back in the hallway. Valentine looked back and saw Cody watch to the wall. He walked back, closer to his buddy, and saw that he was looking in a mirror. Valentine placed himself next to Cody, both of them visible in the mirror. Next to the mirror was something written on the wall in red letters, it said: 'The real beauty lies within'.
"What is this?" Valentine asked, puzzled by this whole scene.
"The real beauty lies within...Maybe we have to take a close look at ourselves." Cody said, and both guys looked at themselves in the mirror.
Valentine and Cody were both of the same height around 6,1 feet, Valentine was just an inch longer. Both Cody and Valentine were strong and healthy-looking, their bodies were well built due to the many matches and football training.
Cody had short blonde hair and green eyes. His face looked like a Greek sculpture had made it, his jawline was chiseled, and cheekbones were perfectly shaped, Cody was clean shaved. Cody's eyes were a bit more narrow and his lips a bit thin, which gave him a pretty serious and dark look from time to time. Cody was definitely well built, his upper body was broad and rock hard. Everyone who looked at him would be mesmerized by the broad, hard chest and ripped abs of his body. Cody had no chest hair though, he preferred to have it shaved. This did not reduce his beauty one bit, however this way, more attention was drawn to his smooth, well-formed muscles.
Cody's arms were not as large and immense looking as most football players, but they still looked strong and flawless. A few veins were to be seen when he flexed his muscles or tried to get his hands free. His legs were also powerful despite being a bit leaner muscled than most jock standards. Despite Cody's more smoother features, he was just as powerful and strong as most football players, he was the quarterback for a reason. Cody's 8-inch cut cock was throbbing and glistening with sweat and precum. He also made sure his pubic hair was well maintained, a small blonde bush covered the base of his cock.
Valentine was entirely the opposite, he had half long black curls, brown eyes, and a dark beard that covered his cheeks and jawline. Valentine was part Italian, and this was clearly to be seen on his dark hair and his sun-kissed skin. Valentine was a bit larger and broader than Cody body wise. He had large shoulders, with strong powerful arms, his chest and abs were just as robust and powerful looking. Also, a thick layer of dark hair covered his chest and a thinner layer ran over his abs to his bellybutton and his waistline. Valentine's legs were firmly muscled and long, covered in a thin layer of hair.
Valentine was very well hung. His cock was 9 inches long and thick, a little tanned and uncut, though his foreskin was pulled back due to the device that had been milking his cock. His balls were large and dangled loosely between his legs, with a good amount of pubic hair covering them. Not even Valentine's cute, firm ass was skipped, a nice layer of hair covered his butt, making it look like an ideal pillow to rest your head on. Despite his impressive amount of body hair, Valentine didn't look 'gorilla-like'. He made sure his body hair was well kept but made sure there was enough to look very attractive. Where Cody had his more solid, smooth perfection, Valentine had this wild, feral beauty.
"Hey, don't look at it, gaylord!" Valentine said while he saw Cody peeking to his erected 9 inches.
"Please, you have nothing I haven't seen already in that other room!" Valentine said quickly, "Well, except that." he said, seeing a steel ring around the base of Valentine's cock.
Valentine looked closer and made a confused look, trying to figure out what this thing is. Cody looked in the mirror and noticed also he wore such a device. If he had not seen it, he wouldn't even notice it was there. The boys also saw a steel collar around their necks and some bracelets around their ankles, that looked a lot like the wristbands binding their arms.
"What the fuck are these things?!" Valentine asked a little in panic while looking around his neck and onto his cock.
"Maybe it has something to do with this quote." Cody thought. He looked at the wall next to the mirror, at the text 'The real beauty lies within', but he had no idea how this was linked to the devices that they were wearing.
Jake and Andy stood clueless in front of the mirror. 'The real beauty lies within', but where on earth did they need to look at.
"What if this keycard is somewhere hidden in our body?" Andy asked a bit frightened.
Jake chuckled and shook his head, he was pretty used to Andy saying these kinds of things. The two of them knew each other from elementary school and have been best buddies their entire life. Jake and Andy were both not the sharpest blades in the shed, although Jake was the brain of the two. Jake always tried to stay level headed and think logically. While Andy was more dimwitted, though he was the physically more impressive one.
"No, we should have noticed if they shoved something up our ass right?" Jake asked, "Besides, I don't see any scars or cuts on your body or mine, so its highly unlikely that they hid something inside of us."
"But this quote...what more places to look inside can you think of?" Andy asked, referring to the sentence on the wall.
Jake was thinking and had to admit that Andy had a point. "There are no other places where I can think of to look at." he said to himself.
Jake kept looking at the mirror and his eyes narrowed, "Unless..." he said while stepping closer to the mirror. Jake lifted one foot and placed it against the mirror, he pushed his feet slowly forward and it went through. The mirror wasn't made of glass, but of a kind of reflecting sail. When Jake felt solid ground under his foot he smiled and came even closer. He saw a seam in the mirror and stuck his head through, inspecting the space behind the sail.
"There is an entire room here, I guess this is the inside that we need to check." Jake said to Andy while stepping through the sail.
"Would they be referring to these things that we are wearing?" Valentine asked, but Cody doubted it.
"I don't think so, the sentence says 'beauty on the inside', these devices are on the outside." he said, thinking hard about a solution.
Cody and Valentine knew each other for a long time, ever since high school, they had been good friends. The two of them were inseparable, although they had their fights every now and then, they needed each other. Cody was a more calm and serious guy, while Valentine was a more wild, party animal. This was also reflected in their football matches, Cody preferred strategy and tactics, while Valentine was the muscleman who wanted action.
"Maybe..." Cody said while looking at the mirror, "Maybe we need to think outside the box." he said. Valentine looked a bit confused.
"What if this quote is not a life lesson, but more of a...inventation." Cody said.
Valentine, not quite used to theoretical approaches, looked even more confused, "I don't follow." he said.
Cody stepped a bit closer to the mirror, looked at it a last time, and carefully pushed his feet in the middle. His foot went through a seam in the mirror, from a distance it looked like glass, while it actually was more of a reflecting sail. Valentine made a surprised gasp and Cody smirked. "You coming?" he asked, while looking back with a big smile on his face.
Jake stepped inside the new room, followed by Andy. The room was decently big, about 6 by 8 meters, and was lit up by a red light, covering the whole room in a dense red glow. Jake and Andy looked around, there was a large round bed in the middle of the room, with no pillows or blankets, though the cover was also completely red. The bed was surrounded by large mirrors on every side, reaching up to the ceiling, you could look at yourself from every corner. In the corners of the room were some security cameras, like the one in the room they woke up in.
A thick glass box, similar to the ones in the first room stood next to the bed, there was something in it. Jake closed in and inspected the box, he smiled when he saw the keycard laying inside. "Here it is!" he said. Andy closed in as well, and looked over Jake's shoulder.
"So how are we going to get it out?" he asked, when he noticed the box was sealed and secured with electronic locks. It seemed that it could only be opened with a control panel. Jake looked around the box, until his eyes fell on the side, there was something written in white letters. Jake narrowed his eyes and read: 'Love is the key'.
Andy looked confused and Jake frowned, "What is that supposed to mean?" Andy asked. Jake was thinking, but gulped when it became obvious. He looked at Andy, at the bed, back at Andy and back at the bed.
"I think we have to...we have to..." Jake said, and took a deep breath, "I think we have to make love." he said.
Valentine followed behind Cody and the two young men stepped in a rather big room, around 6 by 8. The room was lit up by a dim red light, giving it a very warm and seductive atmosphere. There was a large, round bed in the middle of the room with red covers, though there were no pillows and blankets on. Cody and Valentine looked around the room, there were large mirrors everywhere, each one facing the bed. Also, some security cameras were in the corners of the room, like they had seen in the first room.
"I feel...watched." Valentine said, looking at all the mirrors surrounding them. It made him somewhat uncomfortable, but also rather aroused.
"Hey, look what I found." Cody said, who was sitting on the bed, next to a glass box on 4 steel legs.
Valentine came closer and smiled when he saw the keycard they needed in the box. "Hell yeah!" he said while placing himself next to Cody on the bed, "Now how do we get it?" he asked.
Cody looked around the box for clues, "No idea, but maybe there is a lock or a key somewhere" he said. Valentine helped Cody look and together they inspected the box and its surroundings. Until, Valentine's eyes fell on a written sentence on the side of the box. The white letters said: 'Love is the key'.
"Love is the key." Valentine read, and Cody and he looked at each other. Valentine's eyes widened as he looked at his best buddy, "Does this mean we have to..." he asked.
Cody nodded slowly and looked to all the mirrors and the security camera's in the corners. "I think so," he said.
"No way man! I am not going to have sex with you!" Andy said backing up and curling up on the bed. Truly realizing he was naked in front of the camera and his best friend.
"Believe me, I don't like this either!" Jake said, trying to reason with Andy, "But we have to try something," he said.
Andy shook his head, "You're my best friend! I don't want this, not like this!" he said panicking. Jake crawled on the bed next to Andy and hushed his friend softly, trying to comfort him.
"It says love is the key, right?" Jake said, while looking at Andy's scared face, Andy nodded weakly. "What if we...what if we just kissed?" Jake suggested. "I mean, we are not permitted to cum anyway, this way we don't have to fuck each other, and basically, it counts as love." he said.
This seemed to calm Andy down, he placed himself on his knees on the bed while Jake did the same. When the two men where face to face, their eyes met. "Okay, I trust you." Andy said softly.
Jake couldn't help but gulp at these words, Andy had never exposed his vulnerable side like this to him. He looked his best friend in his blue eyes and came closer, "Let's give these perverted fuckers a show." he hissed. Slowly, but surely, Jake and Andy came closer to each other, until there shaking lips were just an inch apart. At that moment, the two best friend quarterbacks kissed each other for the first time.
Cody walked back and forth the room after reading the message while Valentine sat on the bed, looking insecure to the mirrors and the cameras. "I am not going to do that, who do they think I am? Some nasty faggot!?" he said, trying to act tough.
Cody was thinking, Valentine was right, he had to admit. But right now, they had to get out of this wicked game someway. And he had already seen Valentine hot and bothered in the other room, so that could make it a little easier.
"I agree, but we have to do something!" Cody said, looking at Valentine sitting on the bed. Cody came a bit closer, placing himself next to Valentine on the bed. He suspected that Valentine would jump up and keep his distance, but he didn't.
"Look it's...I am not comfortable with this either, but we need to get out of this room, we need to try it." Cody said.
Valentine laughed a little nervously "C...Come on man, you're a dude." he spoke softly, but not getting his eye off from Cody.
"Well, do you have any suggestions?" Cody asked, "You're my best friend and I don't want to force you to do something, but I see no other way out." Cody said honestly.
Valentine looked at him, thought for a second, and replied, "What if we...just kissed, would that count as love?" he asked.
Cody thought and nodded, "Yeah, I think so." he said.
Valentine placed himself on his knees and brought his face closer to Cody. Cody gulped, though still a bit uneasy with this, he had to admit, it was exciting. Cody's green eyes met the brown ones of Valentine. They looked at each other's lips and back into each other's eyes, drowning in the gaze of one another. "Let's do it!" Valentine said, giving Cody a confident smile and kissed him on the lips.
When Cody's and Valentine's lips made contact, a sound filled the room, it sounded like music. First, it was barely noticeable, but it became slowly louder until the room was filled with the music. The music that was played was very exhilarating and exciting, it wasn't too loud and it really set the mood.
Jake and Andy had just shared their first kiss when they heard something in the distance. Some kind of music slowly filled the room, it sounded erotic and thrilling, making the whole scene so much hotter.
When nothing had happened after one kiss, Jake and Andy kept kissing, hoping that the box would open. Their lips kept contact, while every now and then they looked uncertain around the room and into the mirrors, wondering if someone or someones were watching them. After a while, the two boys relaxed and closed their eyes, while their kisses became more intense and meaningful.
Cody and Valentine started off a little uncomfortable with their kiss, but they soon grew accustomed to each other's lips and the taste. Nothing happened with the box though, so the boys figured that they really needed to mean it. Valentine relaxed, closed his eyes, and tried to enjoy this moment, which went surprisingly well. Cody kept an eye on the camera's and the box every now and then, but soon that faded when he grew more comfortable with kissing Valentine and actually began to enjoy himself.
Mike and Tristan were looking with a big smile on their TV where the hot scene of the boys was displayed. "They are getting quite into it." Tristan said, smiling at Mike.
Mike stood up and pressed a few buttons at the control panel, "Let's turn up the heat some more." he smirked. Mike pulled on a lever, and turned a button to the right.
Tristan came closer, looking at his friend. Mike was 5,7 feet tall, had short dark hair, and brown eyes. Mike was of South-East Asian lineage, which explained his beautiful tan, he had high cheekbones, smooth flawless skin, and a beautiful smile, that could make anyone melt. He was slim but athletic built, despite not doing any sport. Tristan wrapped his arms around Mike and kissed him in his neck, "Where is that for?" he asked, pointing at the button that Mike had turned.
Mike turned around and smirked, looking at Tristan. Tristan was a bit taller than Mike, at 5,8 feet. He had short blonde hair, silvery-green eyes, and a short beard walking over his jawline. Also Tristan was slim build and his body consisted of lean muscle, despite not doing any sports at school.
"You remember that I explained that I could turn Poppers into gas form, using the right mixture of chemicals and temperature, right?" Mike asked, rubbing his hands over Tristan's chest, unbuttoning his shirt. "That's what's happening, this Popper gas will be sent into the rooms, making our boys...extremely horny." he smirked and kissed Tristan.
Tristan smiled and kissed Mike on his mouth while sliding his hands under his shirt, "Like they aren't horny enough already." he said teasing.
Mike chuckled, "I just love to toy with them like this." he smirked and kissed Tristan back. "So, when do we give them the key cards?" he asked.
Tristan broke the kiss and pushed a button on the control panel. The music that filled the two rooms, was now also to be heard in the room that Mike and Tristan were in. Tristan walked closer to Mike and kissed him, "They get the keys, when we are done." he said while he took Mike his shirt off.
Jake and Andy laid on top of each other, their eyes closed, and their lips not even separated for a second. The discomfort they experienced a bit earlier had disappeared, as the two friends shared this intimate moment. The kisses of the boys became more intense and needier with every second they spent with each other.
Jake laid on top of Andy's larger body, both of them kissing each other passionately. Their hands were still bound behind their backs, which made all of this a little difficult, but it didn't diminish the lust of the boys one bit.
Jake lowered his mouth onto Andy's chin and traveled to his neck. Andy moaned softly from pleasure and threw his head back, while his best buddy was kissing and nibbling his sensitive flesh. Jake brought his mouth further down over Andy's sweaty, hairy chest, listening to his friends' beautiful moans. He had to admit, he never realized how thrilling it was to kiss a man.
"Wh...What's with this steam?" Andy asked, seeing that some kind of white vapor filled the room. Jake looked at the steam surrounding the bed, it looked like innocent condensation.
Jake inhaled through his nose, it had a strong smell that reminded him of something, though he couldn't quite place his finger on it. "I don't know." he said and inhaled again. "It's making my head spin." he chuckled, feeling a little funny and lightheaded.
The eyes of the boys met each other again, and within a second, they were filled with desire again. "You look so hot like this!" Jake moaned while kissing Andy, "All horny and sweaty."
The two of them kept kissing, the room was being filled with the steam, the music, and their moans.
Cody felt Valentine shudder underneath his lips, he closed his eyes and traced his tongue over his friends' hairy muscles. Cody cursed his hands for being tied, he wanted to touch Valentine so bad, he had no idea why but he felt a burning urge to. "Hmmm, you're so sensitive," Cody whispered as he felt Valentine gasp when he kissed his nipple.
"You kiss me so much better than Amber." Valentine moaned shamelessly. Cody smirked from the compliment and brought his face up to Valentine's face to kiss him on the lips. Valentine wrapped his legs around Cody's waist and turned him around in one smooth move, placing himself on top of his friend.
"Man, could it be any hotter?" Valentine asked, inhaling deeply. Cody looked at his friend sitting on top of him, sweat gushing from his body, his cheeks blushed, his wet curls hanged over his face.
Cody admitted that he also had noticed the change in temperature, along with the strange white steam that filled the room. But as soon as he looked at Valentine again, the muscled, hairy sweaty body on top of him, his worries disappeared. "Please, keep kissing me." Cody pleaded, longing for Valentine's lips. Valentine smirked and brought his body down, placing himself on top of Cody on the soft bed. The two boys sunk back into their pleasurable little moment, not worrying about anything else.
Jake's body shot upwards and he moaned loudly when Andy kissed him in his neck and on his throat. "Oh my god! That's the spot!" Jake moaned, encouraging Andy to continue. Andy smirked on his friends' body and brought his lips back onto Jake's mouth.
Jake and Andy kept kissing each other without saying much. Their eyes opened just a few times, only to look into the many mirrors surrounding them. It was amazing, all of this made the kissing so much hotter, the music, the light, the heat, the steam, the mirrors. Andy and Jake were lost in each other's mouths, addicted to each other's taste. For a moment they forgot where they were, what they were doing, they even forgot that they were held captive. Only this moment existed, only the two of them existed. They kept sharing this amazing moment with each other, kissing one another shamelessly.
Cody moaned loudly from Valentine's strong, heavy body being pressed on his own and his lips kissing his neck. The two boys opened their eyes and smirked to each other, enjoying the feeling of their erected cocks rubbing together. Valentine sat up, and Cody followed him, not separating their lips for a moment, the two of them kept silent and enjoyed the feeling of each other's bodies.
"I wonder if people are watching us behind those mirrors." Cody whispered while kissing his friend in his neck. Valentine looked at the mirrors surrounding them, falling in love with the sight of Cody and him naked and sweaty on the bed.
"That would be so hot." Valentine whispered in Cody's ear, "people watching you getting kissed and being manhandled."
Cody smirked and brought his face very close to Valentine's own. "What makes you think I am the one being manhandled?" he smirked, challenging Valentine.
The two boys gave each other a smile and continued kissing. Both of them didn't care anymore if they were being watched or not, it made it all the more exciting. Only a few minutes had passed, but they felt like hours, hours of intense pleasure, and pure lust. Valentine and Cody didn't pretend anymore, they didn't kiss like they loved each other, they kissed BECAUSE they loved each other, they loved the moment, they longed for each other.
Andy and Jake moaned loudly and desperately for each other while they kept kissing. The smoke that surrounded them made them dizzy, the heat drained their bodies and the music clouded their minds. But both of them didn't want this moment to end, they wanted this to last forever.
Jake had his legs wrapped around Andy's waist, wanting his strong body as close as possible. The two of them were completely soaked, their sweaty slippery bodies moved over each other smoothly. "I want to touch you." Andy panted softly, desperately, cursing his restrains, "I want to touch you so badly." he moaned, licking and sucking Jake's neck.
There was no awareness of the surroundings or time anymore for Cody and Valentine, they only had attention for each other. Their bodies were oversensitive, the moaned loudly when their warm lips landed on their shuddering flesh. It was pure magic between both of them, pure lust, pure love.
Valentine laid his head on Cody's shoulder and inhaled his arousing, sweaty scent while Cody kissed his temples. Valentine sobbed a little, feeling ashamed of all the wasted years, all that time that he could have had with Cody. Valentine brought his lips to Cody's mouth and the two of them drowned in the sea of lust again, surrounded by the heat and the music in the distance.
The boys kept kissing and pleasuring each other, indulging themselves in pure lust, exploring every part of each other's body. The 4 guys in 2 different rooms, being so caught up in the moment. Totally unaware that the music faded in the distance, unaware of the presence of each other, and unaware of the third couple, sitting and kissing in another room, controlling this entire game.
Jake and Andy broke their kiss, their body shuddering and lips shaking. "I think we have made it." Jake whispered when he noticed the music was gone.
Both of the guys chuckled, "I wished we never had to stop." Andy said softly.
"The music stopped." Valentine said, breaking the kiss with Cody.
Cody laid his head on Valentine's masculine, hairy chest and exhaled. "If we are forced to do things like this while we're here, I don't mind staying." Cody said, and both guys chuckled.
Cody and Valentine were surprised by a sound on their left, one of the mirrors was sliding up, disappearing into the ceiling. Cody and Valentine sat up straight and waited for what was coming.
Jake and Andy looked up when suddenly the mirror on their right was sliding up and disappeared into the ceiling. Both guys went on the knees and looked at the opening in between the two mirrors that was appearing.
When the mirror had was completely moved into the ceiling, Cody and Valentine looked into a large opening in between two mirrors. Iron bars stood in the opening, preventing the boys from moving to the other side.
Andy and Jake watched amazed and confused about the opening that had appeared. Through the Iron bars, they saw another room, similar to the one that they were in. Their eyes widened when they realized two other people where on the other side.
In the room on the other side, that was much like their own, Cody and Valentine saw two other people. They moved closer over the bed to see what was going on.
"You guys?" Jake asked when he looked through the bars, to the people on the other side.
"Jake, Andy, what are you doing here?" Valentine asked when he clearly saw who the people on the other side were.
The four guys moved over their beds, closer to the bars until they were mere inches away. When they saw the light in each other's eyes, the looked questioning to one another.
"Who...how did...what are you doing here?" Andy asked when he saw the faces of Cody and Valentine through the bars.
"If we had the answer for that question," Cody chuckled, "We woke up in a room next form here, tied up and no idea what was going on."
"Same here, we also woke up, no idea what was going on in a room." Jake said, "We had to do some...weird game to get out." he said.
"So did we." Cody said, listening closely to the men on the other side.
"Yeah wait, that intercom voice, it did say something about...competing against each other, right?" Valentine said.
"That voice..." Jake spoke softly, "Whoever it is, or are, they know things about us. The voice spoke of our last match, how it ended...and...It was linked to the game we had to play." he said. Valentine and Cody looked at each other.
"Yeah, they also knew about us...the voice said that we lacked...speed and persistence in our last match, and we needed that to escape." Cody said.
"It was...errr...strategy and communication with us." Andy said, "We had to...to...stick our...dicks, inside some weird boxes to escape while we were tied up." Andy said, and blushed when he realized that Cody and Valentine were naked too.
"With us it was..." Cody was thinking about how to explain their game. "Well, Valentine was tied up, and some weird machine was jacking him off, and I had to free him by moving some weights with my cock." he said.
The guys talked a bit more about their games and how they got out of the first room. Jake's eyes fell on the glass box, containing the keycard on the other side of the bars.
"Was your key love too?" Jake asked, nodding at the glass box.
Cody and Valentine looked to the box, and returned their looks, with a blush on their cheeks. Cody nodded, "Y...yes" he spoke softly.
"Somebody is forcing us to do all this gay bullshit!" Andy shouted stressed out.
"But who? Do you have any idea who it could be?" Valentine asked.
Andy and Jake shook their heads, "Not the slightest clue." he said and looked back at the guys behind the bars. "Do you have any idea how you got here? Because I don't remember any weird stuff." Jake said.
Cody and Valentine both shook their heads. "No, it was a pretty normal day for us too." he said, "We were in our dormitory, watching TV, playing GTA, pumping some weights, eating pizza, drinking a beer, and then..." Cody summed up.
"Pizza..." Jake suddenly said, he looked Cody in the eye. "How did you get that pizza? Did you buy it or was it delivered?" he asked sincerely.
"Well no, it was delivered by some fan of our football team...A pizza was delivered to our dormitory." Cody said, thinking back, "It had a note that said: To the quarterbacks of The Red Tigers, may this be some kind of a reward for the last match. Love, a fan. But honestly, I had no idea who it was from."
When Cody had said that, Jake's eyes widened and Andy's mouth fell open. "Why do you ask?" Valentine asked.
"The same thing happened to us!" Jake said. "There was also a pizza delivered to our dormitory, from an unknown fan, with a note, that said exactly the same thing! Only here it was for the quarterbacks of The Blue Buffalo's...FOR US!" Jake said.
Valentine and Cody looked shocked at each other and then back at Jake and Andy. "You wouldn't think that...the pizza..." Cody stuttered.
At that moment the sound of a microphone being activated echoed through the room, all 4 guys were silent and all ears.
"Greetings gentlemen!" The distorted voice began. "To take some of your doubt away...Yes! The pizza that had been delivered to both of your dormitories was drugged.
There was some sleeping drug added that my... partner and I created. It was tasteless and scentless and kicked in after about an hour. When the 4 of you were numbed, we brought you here and prepared you." the voice said.
"What do you want from us!?" Jake shouted.
"We have explained that to you before, haven't we? We want you to play the game we made for you. See, we have followed your last football match, and we know how horrible a draw can be, the unbearable indecisiveness of not knowing who is the better team.
So right now, we give the 4 of you another chance, a chance to compete against each other, so there can still be a winner, either for the Red Tigers or the Blue Buffalo's. We give you another shot to compete against each other in a friendly game, just with some of our own... twists." the voice continued.
"But why us? Why not choose some other quarterbacks? There are plenty of matches ending in a draw!" Valentine asked.
"Excellent question Mr. Battaglia! Let's just say...we have our history with the 4 of you and we have our reasons for doing this. We can't explain all of that right now, but we promise you, all of that will become clear.
Now then, you have had a good look in the mirror back in the hallway. I am sure you are wondering what the devices on your body are." The voice said. The 4 guys looked at their dicks and remembered the steel ring that was attached to the base of their cocks. They also remembered the collars and the bracelets.
"The devices around your arms and legs are to keep you in bondage. These writs and ankle bands work with a strong magnetic system, that we can activate whenever we please. So we can decide whenever you need your arms and legs or not. Like right now." The voice said, and a click sounded behind the guys their backs, the magnetism was deactivated and their arms were released.
All the guys made relieved moans and moved their arms around, happy that they had been allowed some extra movement. "We will give you something that we think you will need by now." The distorted voice continued, "Feel free to enjoy it while we continue our explanation."
At that moment, 2 small iron tables, one in each room, appeared, rising from the floor. On each table stood 4 filled water bottles and laid 4 protein bars. Andy and Jake sprinted to their table, while Cody and Valentine rushed to theirs. All the guys opened a water bottle and began to drink the cool, refreshing water down with large gulps, realizing how thirsty and dehydrated they were.
With satisfied moans, the guys finished their bottles and began munching on the protein bars to regain their energy. "Now, we explained that this was a game and you could earn points." The voice continued the story after a while. "You have all seen the door that needed the keycard to open it, when you are through that door, the games will begin.
This is where your collar comes into play. It is a tracking device and also a tool to keep the scores between the two teams." When the voice had said that, something happened. The collars around the guys their necks were activated, a small blue bar was lit on Andy's and Jake's collars, along with 4 white zero's in each of the blue bars. With Valentine's and Cody's collar, it was a red bar that lit up with 4 white zero's in each of them.
"You can earn points for each of the games, that will be displayed on the colored bars. In some games, you have to be faster than the other team, smarter, stronger. In some games you'll have to play directly against each other, some games require teamwork, but we will guarantee... It will be a fun experience that you will never forget." The voice said enthusiastically.
"What are these 'games' going to be?" Andy asked.
"Well, we are not going to spoil them...But we can say they are...similar to the ones you have been doing in the first room." The voice explained.
The guys looked shocked and disgusted at each other, still very uncomfortable with this idea. "Seriously, KISS MY ASS!" Valentine shouted.
A chuckling was to be heard in the intercom. "Oh yes please Valentine! We will keep you to that promise!" The voice said amused. "Right, you probably remember the rule that none of you is allowed to cum right? That is where the devices around your private parts are for.
When one of you cums, either by intention or accident, a signal will be given to the device and that signal will be transferred to our control room. Let's say it is to...assure integrity." the voice explained.
"The scorekeeping of the game is rather simple, each team gets a certain amount of time for each game. The seconds that remain will be added to your points. The team with the most points at the end of the escape room wins, and you remember the penalty for cumming, don't you?" The voice continued.
"What happens to the losers?" Jake asked.
"Nothing special, let's say the losers have to...do the winning team a favor...sexually." The voice said.
The guys made disapproving and disgusted sounds. "I am not going to suck a guy's dick if I loose!" Cody said mad.
"Oh, is that so Mr. Davids? 5 minutes ago you and Valentine seemed to be very okay with that." The voice said amused, "And the same goes for Jake and Andy. Here, let me show you!"
On that moment, all the mirrors on both sides turned into TV screens. The hot scenery's that had happened in the two rooms were displayed. Jake and Andy saw the making out session of Valentine and Cody. And Cody and Valentine saw on the big screens how Jake and Andy had made love.
After about half a minute, the screens turned back into mirrors. The 4 guys were paralized, ashamed, emberassed. They tried to avoid looking at eachother, though silentley admiting that it was comforting to know that they all went through it.
"We know that you have been...a bit uncomfortable, with doing this." The voice continued after a while, "But you have followed the instructions perfectley, so both teams have earned their key cards."
When that was said, both of the glass boxes folded open and the key cards were revealed. Jake took the keycard for Andy and him, while Valentine took the key card on their side.
"Now, take the time you need, make sure you're hydrated and have eaten something. When you are both through the door in the hallway, the games will begin." The voice said, "Do you have any questions?"
The guys looked at each other and thought for a little while.
"Who are you?" Andy eventually asked.
Mike and Tristan, who were in the control room, looked at eachother and smirked, "All of that will become clear throughout the game, but it's up to you to find that out." Tristan said through the microphone before turning it off.
The guys didn't say much to eachother after the message had ended. They finished their power bars and made sure they drank enough water. Before the boys took the key cards and were about to leave the rooms, they looked at the other teams one more time. Giving eachother a competitive look and a wide smirk, each of them figuring that if they would be captured here, they might as well make the best of it.