The day at the office had been hell. Carol didn't know how she survived it. But somehow, she did. She mustered on, fought through the discomfort her suit gave her, and was able to wrestle her way to the day's end. And when the clock struck five, she was out of there like a bolt of lightning.
No sooner had she closed the door to her apartment did the clothes start dropping. She didn't even wait to get to her room; she just stripped every garment off one by one as she trudged purposely in its direction, leaving a trail of unwanted business attire behind her. By the time Carol set foot in her room, she was already completely naked.
"What a day," she groaned as she flung herself on the bed. "Thought it would never end."
By all accounts, it shouldn't have been as horrible a day as it felt. There were just a few manuscripts she had to comb over. She didn't need to talk to any pushy authors, let her ears get boxed by any middle management assholes, or sit through any unproductive meetings. But the constant claustrophobic feeling of being constrained in her clothes made the whole thing very trying. She had to make a few trips to the restroom just to relieve herself, and not in the way the restroom was designed to be relieved in. Sometimes she took off her top just to give her breasts a little time to breathe. Other times she lifted up her skirt just to let the air caress her bottom and her labia. But the result was always the same; get the clothes off her body, and expose as much skin as possible.
But it was over. She was home now, and she could expose as much skin as she wanted! Carol sighed dreamily as she let her completely exposed self sink into the mattress. After having to spend so long in her restrictive office clothes, it felt good to just be naked again. Unlike most days when she was done with the office, Carol didn't feel the need to get up and do something physically active. Today, she was content to simply laze around in her birthday suit.
Carol let herself doze off as she laid back in her bed, lightly caressing her body just to relish in the sensation of her own nudity. Her smile deepened as her eyes fluttered shut, and already the nudist could feel the comfort of sleep begin to wash over her with the promise of a pleasant dream to follow.
Then the phone began to ring.
"Goddess damn it!" she growled as she pushed herself upright. "Who the hell is calling now?"
Stomping to the kitchen where the phone was, Carol yanked the infernal device off the receiver and very nearly hurled it to the ground in fury. "What do you want?" she snapped, unable to keep the annoyance out of her voice.
"It's me, Katy," said the person on the other line. "I'm returning your call from last night."
Carol's annoyance was gone in an instant. "Oh, uh, right! Hi Katy!"
"Um, is this a bad time?"
"No, no, it's just...I had a long day at work is all. But I'm all better now. Especially after hearing your voice."
"Oh, that's good," said Katherine. "So...are you naked right now?"
Carol smiled deeply. If her girlfriend was standing right in front of her, she would have been flashing her best bedroom eyes at her. "Always," she said seductively.
"And will you be...later tonight?"
"You know I will. Especially since the kids aren't here."
"Oh, great! I'll be over tonight then. I still gotta do my workout for the day. Unless you want to come by the gym right now, so we can do it together?"
Carol had to take a moment to think it over. If she took Katherine's offer, she'd have to get dressed, and that wasn't something she was looking forward to. But on the other hand, she wouldn't enjoy being naked half as much if she didn't look her best. And she wouldn't look her best if she fell out of her exercise routine. She already blew the whole weekend without lifting so much as a water bottle.Though I suppose all the sex had to count for something.
"Sure, I'll meet you at the gym."
"Okay, great! I'll see you there...Mommy!"
"Uh...right."
Carol shuddered as the girl on the other line hung up. No matter how many times she heard that girl refer to her by that word, it would never stop sounding strange to the nudist's ears. For what had to be the thousandth time in her life, the mother wondered what she did to get into the kind of relationship she had with Katy.
***
Carol arrived at the gym, thankfully withoutforgetting to put on her workout clothes, and was immediately pounced on by her second girlfriend.
"Mommy! I'm so happy to see you!" cheered Katherine as wrapped Carol up in a big hug.
"Uh...happy to see you too, Katy," said Carol, returning the hug hesitantly. "But, uh, could you please not call me that right now? There arepeoplehere."
"Why not? Don't you always say you wished your daughters would work out with you?"
"I do, but that's different than what...we'redoing. And I'd rather people not find out about that."
Carol loved Katy, really she did, but she wasn't a quasi-normal person like Henrietta. She wasn't just a girlfriend who liked to have a good time, in or out of bed. Katy had a very big oddity to her, one that had a long history tracing all the way back to her birth. Her mother died while she was still an infant, which left her to be raised by her father alone.
Now Katherine wasn't necessarily sad about never knowing her mom. But being forced to grow up without any sort of mother figure left her with a sense that there were a lot of things in life she was never going to experience. Like how it would be knowing there would be an older, nurturing woman waiting for her at home. Or what it would be like to have someone tuck her into bed, wipe crumbs off her face while she ate, fix breakfast in the morning, cook dinner in the evening, bake cookies, spank her behind when she was naughty, and...do all that other stereotypical mom stuff. Oh yes, she had her father, he did what he could to keep her loved, safe, and respectable, but Katy had explained that she just didn't think it was the same thing.
Motherhood remained a mystery to the girl all throughout her childhood, one that she would never cease to wonder about. As she got older, as she began to blossom into a woman, her curiosity bloomed into something else as well, something decidedly less innocent.
In short, Katy had a mom fetish. And in Carol, who Katy described as having "the bestest MILFy look ever," she found the perfect vessel to channel her kink into.
It was seriously the weirdest thing Carol had ever dealt with. This girl, who was admittedly young enough to be her daughter, insisted on calling her Mom or Mommy all the time, even when they were making love.Especiallywhen they were making love. It was weird, off-putting, and more than a little creepy. Carol didn't know where this girl got her grossly misinformed sense of motherhood from, and frankly, she wasn't sure she wanted to know.
Now, no one would ever imagine Katherine was her daughter. The two honestly couldn't have looked more unrelated if they tried. The girl was about a head shorter than Carol, her build was less curvy and more slender, her chest was relatively flat, and most notable of all, Katy was black. But the younger woman didn't let those minor details prevent her from living out her fantasy. If anything, she seemed like she was doing her damnedest to look as related to Carol as she possibly could. When the mother first met the girl, her hair was long and braided. But not long after they met, Katy had her hair cut and stylized into a smooth bob cut much like what Carol wore. The nudist never inquired what the sudden change was about, but she had an idea. And that only added to the creepy factor.
Even so, she was at least willing to humor the girl. Katherine thought Carol was a very attractive older woman and was absolutely gleeful at the prospect of dating a nudist, and Carol most certainly would not object to having a young lover. But...this whole 'Mom' fantasy the black girl insisted they indulge in was really embarrassing. Carol could only hope to the Goddess that her real daughters never found out about it, or else they'd never look at her the same way again.
"Aw, don't be that way, Mom," said Katherine tilting her head as she pouted cutely at the older woman. "Who's going to object to some simple mother-daughter bonding time? No one, that's who. The only one making it weird is you."
"Let's...let's just get on with this, okay?' stammered Carol." I've had a long day and really need to blow off some steam right about now."
They changed into their gym clothes, which for Carol were thankfully more bearable than her work clothes, if only because they allowed her to show off some skin. She wore a black sport's bra on top and a matching pair of biker shorts on bottom, which left her legs, her midriff, and her shoulders bare, and also showed off an ample of amount of cleavage. They felt...a little tighter than usual, but not so much as to irritate her. The important thing was she could at least breathe in them. Hopefully, she'd get through this workout without flipping her lid again.
Unfortunately, she had plenty of other reasons to be a little concerned, namely when Katherine approached her wearing more or less the same ensemble, only sized to fit her smaller frame. Her clothes even had the same brand logo on them!
"What of it?" Katy said, already sensing her fake mother's unease with her current outfit. "It's normal for moms to shop at the same store for both themselves and their daughters...right?"
"Uh." Carol couldn't argue with that. It is what she did after all. "Right."
After going through their stretches, which included plenty of gawking and appreciating of the other's body, the two got started on the treadmills. They ran in comfortable silence next to each other for a little while, just a mother and her not-daughter. In minutes, Carol could already feel the stresses of the day start to fall behind her, as if she was leaving them behind her as she ran the distance.
Running, exercising, generally any kind of physical activity had always been very relaxing and enjoyable for the mother. She had been a sporty girl in her youth, always wanting to get down and dirty in the fields with the boys. She had been quite the accomplished soccer player in her school years, and may have won it some trophies if only the rest of the girls on the team could pull their weight.
Carol sighed as the memories played out in her head. When she was a kid, she always dreamed about becoming a professional athlete. She didn't care what sport she got into: soccer was her favorite, but she also liked other things like baseball, basketball, volleyball, and hell, she would have gladly played some rugby or polo. They were all way more exciting than sitting behind a desk all day, like all the adults she knew back then. But alas, reality eventually came to kick her in the teeth; the barriers of entry were too steep to make going professional a viable career. Worse, not only would she most definitely not be able to get a job playing professionally, but once she reached adulthood, she wouldn't even be able to play sports for fun. Sooner or later, she would just have to give them up entirely, and inevitably, she did once high school came to an end.
Just another one of many things I enjoyed that I had to give up.
No, she couldn't think like that. It would only make her depressed. Carol may have given up sports, but she soon found a new enjoyment to be had from working out. Pumping iron and seeing how many miles you could run may not have been as exciting as ripping, tearing, and fighting to some arbitrary goal, but it still got the adrenaline pumping and the endorphins flowing. It made keeping her body fit and trim almost effortless actually. While other women pissed and moaned about their weights, Carol was slimming down and toning up like it was the most natural thing in the world. She didn't need to worry about fitting into a dress, especially since she looked good naked!
She sighed again.Naked...
She hadn't run naked for...for a long time. And she hadn't gotten a chance to run naked during her public outing in New Deastone. Now that she thought about it, she didn't remember how it felt to run naked at all!
It must be like the wind is blowing all around you, but harder, or as hard as you want it to. And you can feel it everywhere on you, even between your legs. Mmmm. And your boobs...they must bounce around all over the place. Sure, it can get painful after a while, but it does feel nice to feel them joggle about so freely, just for a little while. Oh, that must be so liberating. I can feel it right now...
"Boobs." Katherine's voice whispered right next to her.
"Yes? What was that, Katy?" said Carol.
"Your boobs, Carol! They're out!"
"Huh? What do you—oh, ah, AHHH!"
Her boobs! They really were out. Jumping and jiggling all over her chest. That feeling of liberation she was experiencing wasn't her imagination, it was happening right now! Somehow, she didn't know how, her sports bra had been pulled upward, exposing her breasts for all to see.
Carol was off her treadmill in a flash as she struggled to get her sports bra back in place, her cheeks burning as red as her exposed nipples.
"Are you...feeling okay?" Katherine said between huffs as she continued to run.
"Y-yeah, I'm fine," said Carol. "No one saw me, right?"
"I don't...think anyone did."
"I hope you're right," Carol breathed, fidgeting with her top some more, as if she feared it would crawl over her chest again and expose her breasts once more. "I wouldn't want to get kicked out of this place."
"Then why did you slip it off in the first place?" said Katherine as she shut her treadmill down and hopped off to speak to Carol more directly.
"What?" said Carol, turning to her girlfriend. "I...did this?"
"Um...yes?' Now Katherine was starting to look very worried. "You just...stopped pumping your arms and used them to slip your top up over your breasts. I thought maybe you caught me looking at you and decided to give me a show." The black girl's lips curved up in a smile that was as warm as it was bashful. "I did like it by the way. You have such beautiful breasts, Mommy. I wish you could expose them all the time."
"So do I," Carol said wistfully. "But, uh, obviously, I can't! And not now! Let's just forget about this and move on to something else."
In light of her...unconscious stripping routine, Carol decided it would probably be a good idea to do something that would keep her busy hands...busy. Her eyes landed on the row of pull-up rings. Yes, those would work quite nicely.
Carol took hold of one pair, Katy took another, and the two began their workout. They had a system in place where they would do the same exercises together, try to get in the same number of reps, and try to keep pace with one another. They started out with some ring rows, pulling themselves up from an almost prone position on the floor to an almost standing position. Then they did the inverse, using the rings to perform mid-air push-ups. They followed with chin-ups and dips, pulling and pushing their whole bodies upward, and lifting their legs aloft for good measure. And as the two women went through their repetitions, Carol felt Katy's eyes bore into her form every step of the way.
There was absolutely nothing unusual about that. The younger girl just loved the older woman's body, loved to see it in motion, loved to see Carol clench and tighten and stretch herself out. She wasn't very good at hiding it either, and the mother was forever thankful for that, for it meant she was able to secure another friend and lover, and a young one at that! Even if she did have to deal with Katy's odd kinks.
I bet she would appreciate this more if I was naked though.
Oh, Carol could just picture it now. Holding herself aloft on these rings, performing somersaults around them like a gymnast, doing splits in the air as she stretched one leg out in front of her and the other behind her, her every muscle on display, tingling with excitement as the air flowed into her sensitive inner flesh. Katy would see them all for herself, see them ripple, see them tighten, see them pulse. Carol would clench her glutes that much firmly for her, pull her stomach in that much harder, perform her spins that much slower so that her girlfriend could take in her every motion as she pulled herself up. Then she would roll into a ball, squishing her breasts against her thighs, and twirl in the air atop her arms as they turned rigid from holding her whole body up. Then she would unravel herself like the coiled serpent she was, planting her bare feel on the ground with a deep inhalation as all her joints flowed back into place, her entire body glistening with perspiration, making her muscles look all the more sleek and shiny. Katy would not be able to resist; she would throw herself upon Carol, thrust her head between the older woman's legs, push herself onto her birthing tunnel, and lap at it ravenously. Carol would not stop her, she would simply caress the younger girl's head and gently push it ever deeper into her...
"Mmmmm...hm? Oh!" The world of dreams vanished in a puff, and Carol was back in the real world. Which was similar to the world of her fantasies, save for the fact that she was not naked, and Katherine was not eating her out.
I really wish she was though, she thought with a grimace as she ran a hand delicately over her crotch, which was tingling and throbbing fiercely from under her shorts.Damn it, I made myself horny!
"Mommy? Is everything alright?" said Katherine.
"Huh? Oh yes. Everything's fine!" Carol said with a startled jump. "Just...peachy."
"Are you sure? You kind of zoned out after a while. Like, you were doing the routine, but
in a trance. And when you were done, you just stood there with your eyes closed. I honestly thought you were, I dunno...sleep-exercising."
"I'm..." Carol wanted to say she was fine, but she knew otherwise. Too much had been happening all day for it to be a coincidence. No matter what she did, her thoughts just kept on returning to nudity and sex, and her body was quick to follow suit. But how could she explain that to Katy without sounding like she was losing her mind? Hell, how could she explain it toherselfwithout sounding like she was losing her mind? Because with every passing hour, it seemed more and more like she was.
"I was having a fantasy is all," she finally said, which was true in a sense.
"Really?" said Katy, tilting her head cutely. "Was I in it?"
"Mmm, yes."
"Was Inaked?" Katy purred, whispering that last word as she stepped closer to Carol, hooding her eyes seductively at her older lover.
"No, you weren't. I was though, and I was working out in front of you that way. Showing off my every nook and curve for you."
Katherine licked her lips. "Sounds delicious. I would have loved to see that myself. Not that I don't love you in your current getup, but...yeah, I'd love to watch you work out naked."
"You'd love it if I was naked all the time, wouldn't you?" said Carol, stepping even closer to her girlfriend.
"Even more than you would. And I know how naked you love to be, Mommy."
Carol could just kiss her, and likely would have right there, had someone not suddenly coughed attentively to her side.
"Uh, excuse me, ladies," said a muscular guy who was looking a little unsure and uncomfortable. "But, uh, if you're done using those things, can you maybe step aside for now?"
Carol turned tomato red in a flash. "Oh, right, sorry. Yeah, we'll uh, we'll get out of your way, sir. Come along, Katy!" Hastily she scurried away, pulling her girlfriend by the arm as she did, cheeks burning hot all the way.
Katherine only giggled in amusement. "Hee, hee! Think he heard everything we said, Mommy?"
"Be quiet!"
"Do you think he actually believes I'm your daughter?"
"I said be quiet!"
"I wonder if he thinks that's hot?"
"Young lady, if you do not shut your mouth this instant, then I'll gag it shut for you and smack your bottom so raw, you won't be able to sit down for a week!"
"Ohhh, do you intend to do that when we get home...or right now?" At this, Katherine turned around, bent over, and wiggled her round, shapely behind playfully at Carol.
"Goddess, Katy, you really grey my hairs sometimes."
Katherine giggled some more. "It's what I do best!" Her smile faded as a look of confusion suddenly came over her. "And, uh...what's this about a goddess?"
Carol blinked. She didn't actually say 'Goddess,' did she? Yes, as a matter of fact, she did. Now that she thought about it, it wasn't the first time either. Lately, it seemed like every time she had to vent her frustration, she always uttered 'Goddess' instead of the usual suspects like 'God,' 'Christ,' 'Jesus,' or 'Bob Next Door.' She even did it in her head, where no one else could hear her, and now that she was actively thinking about it, she realized she had been doing that unconsciously as well.
"N...nothing," she stammered. "I'll tell you about it later. Come on, we still have some more exercising to do."
Goddess, this was getting to be a bit much. All day it felt like she had been waging some kind of war inside herself, Katy wasn't helping, and she was still horny from her earlier fantasy. She needed to unload this stress somehow. Fortunately, she was in a gym, and knew just the thing to do that.
Carol had never really been one for wailing on a punching bag before. It just seemed so uncouth and unrefined, and the mother preferred to think of herself as a lover, not a fighter. But today, it was looking very punchable, and she was ready to teach it a lesson it would not forget!
"Geez, Mom, what did that bag ever do to you?" Katy chuckled once Carol finally stepped back, panting heavily as she admired her literal handiwork marring nearly half of the big red sack.
"I was...thinking of you," Carol huffed in response, flashing her girlfriend a smirk that she hoped looked evil.
Katherine only laughed. "Oh, you always say that. 'Bam, zoom, straight to the moon!' But we both know it's never going to happen. Gravity being a tough thing to beat and all."
"Then I'll just have to get a rocket," Carol playfully shot back. She had to admit, going wild on the punching bag was a lot funner than she thought it would be. It helped that it gave her a chance to unleash a lot of the tension that had been boiling inside her; maybe she'd consider adding it to her routine in the future.
"So is that it?" said Katherine. "Should we call it a day?"
"Hmmm...not quite," Carol hummed, giving her arm a good flex so she could check the size of her bicep. "I still got a little energy left. I'd like to see how many reps I can bench."
"Sure thing, Mom!"
They headed over to the weight-lifting section of the gym. After applying her chosen weights to the barbell, Carol took her position laying down on the bench press while her girlfriend stood over and behind her head to spot for her. After confirming she was ready, Katherine released the barbell from the rack and watched attentively as Carol got started.
One...two...three...four...five, six, seven...
"Whoa, whoa, slow down there, Mom. You're going really fast."
"Right, right, sorry," Carol mumbled.Take it easy, girl, this isn't a race. Eight...nine...ten...
"That's better. Keep it going, Mom, you're halfway to beating your record!" Katherine cheered.
Carol looked her in the eye to give her a thankful smile. Or at least she tried to. From her position, she realized her face was resting dangerously close to her girlfriend's crotch. It was hovering mere inches away, wrapped neatly in tight black fabric that left little to the imagination. So little that she could even make out the indent of the younger girl's precious flower underneath. And if she breathed in especially deeply, she could even detect trace amounts of her distinct scent that assured the mother that her fake daughter was very aroused.
I could lick her right now, Carol thought with a hungry lick of her own lips.Pull my head up just a few more inches and run my tongue down her slit. I could just pull those shorts off her right now and eat her out right here in the gym. She'd be standing there, moaning loudly, crying 'Mommy' out loud. Everyone would watch us. Everyone would see...
"Uh, Carol? I know I might be sounding like a broken record now, but is everything okay?" Katherine sounded concerned again, particularly since she was now referring to Carol by name, something she only ever did when she got serious, worried, or seriously worried.
"Huh? Uh, yeah. Why do you ask?"
"Because you just stopped all of a sudden. You're just sitting there, you're drooling, and, uh...you're holding the weight all the way up here."
"I am? Oh shit, I am! Hang it up, Katy! Hang it up!"
Katherine obliged her, pulling the barbell back onto the safety rack. Carol bolted into a sitting position, her body trembling all over, and not from the fatigue of weight-lifting. The black girl took a seat next to her and began to pull the hair away from Carol's face, her eyes shining with worry.
"Something's up with you. I can tell. You've been out of it all day. What is it, Carol?"
Carol shook her head in frustration. "I told you, Katy, I'm f..."
No. She wasn't fine. She hadn't been at all since she woke up this morning,
"You're right," she said with a relenting sigh. "Iamout of it today."
"Do you...want to talk about it?" said Katherine, gently caressing the older woman's face in a way that was oddly very motherly of herself.
"Maybe. Perhaps when we get home, though. This place is too noisy for that kind of thing."
"Okay, I guess that works for me. C'mon, let's shower off. Taking a shower with Mommy helps me feel better. I'm sure it'll help you feel better too."
Carol felt another headache coming. "Okay, but could you PLEASE drop the 'Mommy' stuff for now? That's really not helping."
At least Katy was happy again. "Hmph, you're no fun."
Fortunately, the showers did indeed do a lot to take the edge off Carol's mind. Getting the clothes off and exposing her body never ceased to have that effect on her, and the lukewarm water spraying all over her bare skin was absolutely divine. For a lot of women, the gym's showers would probably be a very intimidating place, as there were no private stalls in this one; it was just one big open field of showerheads and drains, like what you would expect to find in a prison. But for an exhibitionist like Carol, they were fine. They gave her a chance to appreciate the local 'talent,' and find those who appreciated it with her.
Come to think of it, I think I met most of my lovers in shower rooms like this. You're just quietly looking around, admiring a boob here and a butt there, and next thing you know you're looking eye to eye at a girl who was doing the same thing you were. That's exactly how I metthisparticular girl...
As if reading her thoughts, "that particular girl" suddenly rounded her form and took hold of it in a gentle loving hug. Katherine buried her face in between Carol's breasts, her dark skin contrasting deliciously against the older woman's creamy bosoms like hot fudge on a sundae.
"Mmmm...Mommy," she whispered as she nuzzled Carol's boobs with loving grace, smiling blissfully as the soft, pillowy flesh squished and slid against her face. She looked so at peace when she did that, like she could just crawl between these two most sacred parts of the mother's anatomy and live inside them forever.
Carol wanted to sigh, wanted to push the younger girl away, tell her to knock it off and that this wasn't the time or place for that kind of talk...but she didn't. She couldn't really. For as much as Katy's fetishes creeped her out, she could never find it in herself to tell the younger girl to stop once she got really into it. Something about that gentle, seemingly innocent voice she spoke in, and the tender way she gripped Carol's body like her life depended on it really spoke to Carol's maternal instincts. It made her want to hold the girl and rock her to sleep like she was her own child.
You really are like a baby, Katy, she thought as she embraced her lover in return, running a hand daintily down her back.A baby with a well-toned ass.
Her hands came to a rest on the younger girl's waist, and her fingertips strayed nicely on her butt. It felt firm, hard even, still tense from the recent workout it had endured. It was such a cute butt, one that she would gladly hold forever if she could.
"Mmmmm," Katy purred, enjoying the contact, pulling herself even closer to Carol's form. The mother shivered as the younger girl's hardened nipples brushed against her flesh and began poking little indentations into it.
I could just eat you up, girl.
Carol responded in kind squeezing Katherine's butt even tighter as she pushed her closer against her form. She was tickled slightly when her public hairs flattened against her skin as the two bodies pressed into one another, and even more when a full bodied shudder overcame the black girl as they brushed against a very sensitive part of her.
Carol could no longer contain herself.I'll have you right now!
Katherine's eyes went wide with shock when she found herself abruptly shoved into the wall. She had only a few precious seconds to shoot her lover a questioning look before her right leg was yanked upward by a forceful hand, and something soft, warm, and tender began to press down on her exposed sex. She was pinned, her legs were splayed, and if she didn't know any better, it looked like Carol was going to...going to...
She gasped when a feeling of electricity surged through her core. She could feel Carol rubbing her down, grinding her crotch into her own, kissing her with her lower lips, again, and again, and again. She...she really was doing what Katherine thought she was doing. She was having sex with her right here in the gym showers!
"C-C-Carol...I-I-I don't think...haahhhhhh!"
Carol only giggled in response before she leaned in to nibble on Katherine's neck, biting the supple brown flesh as she continued to thrust and grind her form against the younger woman's. Her large breasts bounces playfully atop Katy's, gracing her chest with their bountiful softness, occasionally tickling her with the hardened nubs of her erect nipples.
Tits, teeth, breasts, and clits. Tits, teeth, breasts and clits. That was all Katherine could think about, all she could imagine. She knew this was wrong, inappropriate, and highly illegal, but she didn't care. This was good, this was amazing, Carol was so wonderful, she was coming onto her like a woman who always took charge, just like how a mommy was supposed to be, the mommy she always wanted to have.
"Mmmm! Mrrrrrr! Rmmmm!"
Carol was growling and purring predatorily between every love bite she left on Katy's neck, with every bob of her pelvis, with every squelching wet rub of her inner folds on the younger girl's. She was slippery with moisture all over and within, ready to bloom, ready to burst, ready erupt in a holy explosion of liquid fire, ready to...
What...am I...doing?
Carol froze in place mid-rub. She stood stock still, one foot on the ground, the other bent and wedged into the wall to keep her legs properly splayed so that she could properly meet her lover from womanly core to womanly core. Her boobs came to a sudden rest atop her lover's chest with a wet slap, and she had the distinct feeling that her clitoris was being squished at an odd angle. It felt good, it felt nice, it felt tingly, it felt wet with something that wasn't pouring out of the shower faucet.
And it was wrong.
"Oh my Goddess!" she cried as she released Katherine's body and backed away, her face scarlet with shame. "I'm so sorry, Katy, I...I don't know what came over me!"
Katherine leaned against the wall for support, her legs shaking like jelly, her own face flushed with its own mess of emotions. Arousal. Excitement. Embarrassment. Confusion. Dizziness. All were present in her expression. "What...what was that about?" she asked in a hushed, breathy tone.
"I don't know," said Carol. "Just...feeling your naked body so close to mine, touching me all over like that, it...it got me so excited, that I just...I had to..."
"It...it's okay," Katherine stuttered as she pushed herself up. "It was just...unexpected is all. I never...imagined we'd get it on in here of all places. It was kinda scary...but also kind of hot too." For a moment, she smiled, seemingly half out of nervousness from the prospect of getting caught doing something so lewd in public, and half in arousal from the prospect of...doing something so lewd in public!
However, it faded as reality began to seep back into her. "But...something is up with you, Mommy. And I really have to know what it is now."
"Yes. You do need to know," said Carol. "Let's...let's just finish up here. The quicker we get home, the quicker I can start telling you."