Starting Over


When best efforts have failed

Anyone in this fictitious story who is depicted as engaging in sexual activity is over the age of 18.
She was a good solid 7 -- maybe pushing 8 when she dressed to impress. Using the old percentile terminology that is used to interpret grade school achievement test scores, that means that if a representative cross section of American eligible females were assembled, Barbara, Babs to her friends, was less attractive than about thirty percent of those around her, but more attractive than sixty percent of the female population of her age group.
I was content with that. I considered myself to be a six or a seven. I wasn't an athlete, but I wasn't out of shape. I did physical work to earn my way through college. In high school I was a member of the National Honor Society but wasn't considered to be a nerd or a geek. I was elected to be a class officer. I went to college to get a degree in theology. I wanted to become a pastor of a church.
It was almost a standing joke at the seminary: While at the seminary, professors and denomination executives preferred the seminarians to be single so they could devote all of their attention to theology. Yet, once placed in a congregation, they all acknowledged that it would be much easier for the seminarian and denomination execs if the seminarian were married and had two children.
There were horror stories of a single seminarian being placed in a congregation that had one or more eligible females in the congregation. If there was only one and the seminarian just wasn't attracted to her, but she felt she was attracted to him, this could cause hurt feelings that reverberated throughout the congregation. And if there were more than one eligible female and the seminarian -- now pastor -- chose one over the other, that often also caused hard feelings in the congregation that lasted throughout his ministry there.
In spite of knowing all that, I, Stephen, Steve to my friends, met Babs in my first congregation. It was a small, rural congregation and she was considered to be the only eligible female. She had come to teach in the local elementary school. She was there before I arrived.
I like to think that if there would have been several eligible young women in that congregation, I still would have found myself attracted to Babs and she to me. While I was active in most of the church functions, Babs was quite active in the church as well, so we got to know one another on a working level. Eventually we dated. Things became more serious. We tried to go into it with eyes wide open, and in about a year and a half we were married.
We decided to have children relatively early in the marriage, in part because Babs had a relative who gave birth rather late in life and the resulting child had special needs. After teaching for only three years we had our first child, and we both agreed that Babs would stay home to be a full-time mom at least until such time as this child and any subsequent children were full-time students in school. We had three children in all over a period of ten years.
While Babs had come to this church as I had, without any previous connection to it, she quickly became a beloved member of the congregation. She was active in the congregation. She also had a knack for listening to people. As a result, she also developed a talent for telling people what they wanted to hear.
That did not always carry over into our home life, however. I'm not saying that it should have. But what became shocking to me was that every once in a great while she seemed to go nuclear on me.
I must explain. In my particular denomination, it was understood that the pastor was to live an exemplary life. If a pastor got a divorce for any reason, he was no longer eligible to be a pastor for at least five years. At the end of five years, if a pastor wanted to be reinstated, denominational executives would then look into the circumstances of the divorce. If the investigation revealed that the pastor had not acted in an immoral way leading to a divorce, the committee of executives could choose to reinstate him.
But at the time when the divorce was initiated, it did not matter who was at fault -- if that could even be determined. The pastor could no longer be a pastor for at least five years. So maybe you can understand my shock when one night I came home late at night after a series of late night meetings that were going on at the church due to a special project we were working on, and Babs hit me with: "If you stay out late one more night, I'm filing for divorce."
No, "Honey, we have to talk." Just the ultimatum, "or I'm filing for divorce."
I thought about it. She had my back to the wall. If she got a divorce, I would be, at best, an every other weekend dad and I'd be out of a job. Furthermore, because we lived in a parsonage, we would quickly become homeless. I caved in. I stayed home the following night.
Fortunately for me, she got a number of sympathetic calls the next day asking about me and whether I was sick and could they help and one woman even wanted to bring over a casserole to feed our family because I must be pretty sick to stay away from the previous night's important meeting.
Babs let me go to the next night's meeting. The church was right across the parking lot from the parsonage so I took opportunities to slip away from church to stop in at home for a few minutes. These meetings would only take another ten days and I walked a tight rope trying to fulfill my responsibilities to the church and be home enough to keep my wife from filing. I succeeded. It wasn't fun.
The next time she hit me with an ultimatum like that the children had all been born and the last one was ready to enter kindergarten. Babs got the idea that we should go as a family to Disney World for a week. She had not been working for about ten years and we were pinching pennies. We could not afford that vacation. On the other hand, in two year's time she would be back to teaching and then we have more funds to work with. I suggested we wait for two years. She insisted we go now and put it all on credit cards.
It was Disney or divorce (thanks to no-fault laws). So I wound up borrowing from my life insurance to pay for the vacation. I knew it was stupid -- the sole breadwinner for himself and wife and three children borrowing against his life insurance -- but it was the only way I could see that we could swing it financially.
Then it was about five years later. I had come home and really needed to have sex with my wife. Laws of confidentiality and just good pastoral practice dictate that even if Brenda Big Boobs has been after you all day because it would be a big notch on her bedpost if she could bed the pastor, you don't tell that to your wife. But you do hope that if you explain to your wife that you've had a really, really tense day and a good romp in the hay would be a big help in making it all better, the good wife will cooperate.
While Babs complied with my request, she was lifeless in bed. I did ejaculate in her but it was far from being good sex. The next day I could tell that she was angry about it. She must have stewed about it during the entire day because once the children were all in bed she informed me that because I pressed her to have sex even though she was not eager to do so, I was guilty of marital rape. She told me that we were going to a marriage counselor or else -- you guessed it -- divorce.
The counselor was one of her choosing. By the time we finished six weeks of counseling Babs was convinced that her days of enjoying sex were behind her and I should not plan on having sex with her again. My needs or desires were totally irrelevant. She assured me that for the last several years she had never enjoyed our lovemaking and that she had faked her orgasms. I wasn't so sure of that (do women fake squirting?) but I, on the other hand, had no desire to have sex with a woman who did not want me. I still stayed in the marriage (if you can call it that). I still loved the ministry. I wanted to be a full-time dad. It was the only way I could support my family. There just aren't many jobs out there in the world of work that will hire you because you can read German, Latin, Biblical Hebrew and Koine Greek.
The next time she went for the nuclear option things were slightly different. We were now empty-nesters. Babs got it in her mind that she needed a dog. I had been allergic to furry animals all my life. Something about them triggered my asthma. This was confirmed by skin tests at an allergy clinic. t told her, "No dog." She knew the reason.
She brought one home anyway. I moved toward the dog, saying that I was going to take it to the pound. She pulled it by its leash into her car and backed out of the drive. Eventually I got a phone call. She told me that she was at a daughter's house with the dog and that if she could not bring the dog home with her she would file for divorce.
I had been in the ministry long enough now that I had seen most of what I would see in a career of ministry. I still enjoyed it, but I could live without it. I no longer had any reason to stay married in order to be a full-time dad. The children were all on their own. She, as a teacher, was earning about the same as I was as a pastor. I said, "Go for it," and hung up. I hadn't felt this good since the first year of my marriage. To use a common phrase, I felt for the first time in our marriage that I had grown a pair.
I got the phone call a half hour later. "Maybe you're being a little too hasty," she said.
"Maybe you're being a little too self-centered," I countered. She hung up.
About a half hour later I got another phone call. "Maybe we should try counseling," she said.
"With whom?" I replied. She knew that the counselor to whom we had gone concerning marital rape I considered to be a quack.
"You pick," she said.
I could see that one coming. If I were to pick and the counselor would seem to be on my side she would blame me for picking someone who I knew would be on my side. I countered, "This is your show: your dog or you will divorce me. Therefore it has got to be your counselor or therapist or whatever you want to call him or her. Just let me know when and where."
This was a Wednesday night. On Thursday around supper time she called me to let me know the name and the location of the therapist and the time of our appointment -- next week Tuesday at 4 PM. She and the dog would continue to stay at the daughter's until after the therapy session -- at least.
I called up my congregation president. In our denomination, the business affairs of the congregation are handled by elected members of the congregation. The congregation president was a guy by the name of Harold (Hal). We had become friends over the years. Unfortunately, during that time, his marriage had also gone through a rocky period. His wife came home late at night one night and immediately had to take a shower. Their clothes hamper was kept in the bedroom. So when his wife went in to take a shower, Hal went to the hamper to look at her panties. They were obviously soiled with another man's cum.
He confronted her. She confessed and asked for forgiveness. Hal came to me the next day to talk over what he should do. We looked in the Bible and concluded that if he wanted to divorce his wife, that the Bible would allow him to do so based on her adultery. On the other hand, he did not have to divorce her. If he felt it would be better to forgive her and continue to live with her, he had that option. He chose to forgive her. A couple of years later, he had confided in me that he had probably made the wrong choice, but by that time it was too late to go back and choose his other option.
So I invited Hal over to the parsonage. I felt I would get a fair hearing from him. I handed him a beer and we sat at the kitchen table as I recounted my tale of woe. By the end of the evening Hal understood that I would resign from the ministry at that church at the conclusion of Sunday morning's service. It would be stated simply that the reason was because my wife was going to divorce me and our denomination did not allow a divorced man to be a pastor.
I also worked out a couple of other details with Hal. I had a pickup truck with a camper. I would put everything in that camper that I wanted to take with me. My wife would probably return to the parsonage on Tuesday after visiting with the counselor. I will have explained in a letter that I dropped off to the counselor's office that I was out of there. Babs was encouraged to take whatever she wanted that I left behind. My children would be encouraged to take whatever they wanted. If there was stuff left, the doors to the parsonage would be left open for any and all members of the congregation to come and take what they wanted, and the rest could be taken to the dump.
I would write a letter to denominational authorities informing them of my resignation so that they could set in motion what was necessary to fill my pulpit by the following Sunday. I made sure that all church records were in order and left necessary information for the man who would succeed me.
I hand delivered two copies of my resignation letter to the counselor's office on Friday together with the fee for one session -- the session he would have with my wife when they both opened the letters. I also included a short letter telling her about the arrangements I had made for her closing out the house.
On Sunday I preached a sermon the same as usual and did not announce my departure until after the last hymn. I told the congregation it was because my wife was divorcing me and if they wanted to know why, they would have to ask her.
I left my cell phone with Hal (the church paid for my phone) and bought a burner phone. Only Hal knew the number so that he could get in touch with me in case I had forgotten something that was really important. I left my vestments at the church and got into my truck and was on the road even while a few members of the congregation were still standing in the parking lot asking, "What just happened?"
I had spent some time on Friday and Saturday doing my homework on the internet. Sunday evening I was checking into a room at a YMCA. Monday morning I was at the headquarters of a nationwide trucking company that offered Commercial Drivers License (CDL) classes. The next class would begin in a week. I signed up. I then scooted over to an employment agency that specialized in hiring short-term workers for companies that needed help for just a few days or weeks. I was working by Monday afternoon. I told the agency about my upcoming CDL classes and the agency rep told me that she would find night work for me to do during those three weeks. I wasn't earning top dollar, but I was earning enough to pay for my room, for food, and for gas for my truck.
To make a long story short, after a satisfactory probation time, I began my second career as a long haul truck driver. I eventually got a new cell phone and I also got satellite access to the world wide web and a laptop.
It did not take my wife long to figure out that I had taken her seriously and had left. She couldn't get alimony from me because she was earning more than I was. She was angry with me because she was looking forward to retiring on the earnings we both brought in. She filed for divorce, but could never find me to have me served. I did not want to sign the papers. I didn't want the divorce. The divorce was totally her idea and her way of exercising power over me. We were divorced in a little over a year on the grounds of abandonment -- that I had abandoned her. So be it.
I found this out from my rather infrequent communications with my children. My one daughter was still angry with me. She had taken her mother's side form the start. I sent her a birthday card on her birthday but otherwise steered clear of her. My other two children would email me from time to time. If I was in the area where either one of them lived I would call them up to see if I might be able to pay them a visit for a few hours. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't. I'm pretty sure their mother depicted me to them as being the bad guy. I think they each worked very hard at trying to remain neutral.
I did hear that once the divorce was granted that Babs started to date. She was still a 7, but a 7 in a field of mid-forty year old women. After our third child, I had gotten a vasectomy. After that Babs never had to worry about birth control. Then she shut our sexual activity down, so there was no worry about birth control there, either. Whether she had just grown out of the habit of even thinking about birth control or thought she was beyond child-bearing age, I'll never know. What I do know is that within a year of dating she became pregnant.
I heard about this from our son, and he told me that he received a bare minimum of information. All he knew was that the father was not living with Babs. He did not know whether they got married at any point or not. He did not know whether she was getting any child support. He had heard that the child was healthy and that Babs had moved in with our younger daughter and they were raising their children together. I did not hear how the daughter's husband took to all this. For all I know, my daughter may have threatened to divorce her husband if he would not let his mother-in-law and child live with them. I was happy to be on the road and away from that mess.
I basically lived out of my truck. I did not have a home or an apartment. I had a Post Office Box at the post office in the city that was the headquarters of the trucking company for which I drove. During the time when I was off duty and not sleeping, I would do some sight-seeing. I went to an occasional concert. I read books. Once in a great while I would go to a night club. I liked line dancing as well as conventional dancing. Periodically I stayed in a motel rather than in my truck. A few times I was able to go to a beach. I was not hard-core about getting the absolute most miles in during eleven hours of driving. I had no dependents, so I took time to smell the roses. I was squirreling away some cash each month into a retirement fund, and felt comfortable.
And then --- I had been driving for about two years. I had pulled into a rest area on the Indiana Tollway. I parked for the night. I parked close to the far side of the parking area. When I needed to go to the restaurant to eat or to use the restrooms I would have to walk a fair distance -- or jog. I did that regularly and on purpose. I tried to jog a couple of miles a day, had a few free weights that I used for my arms and chest and some elastic bands I used for exercise as well. I tried to eat healthy and stay fit.
I shut down the truck and walked around it inspecting it. It was a habit. I inspected the truck every time I shut it down and every time I started up. Especially parking so far away from other rigs, as I walked around I would listen for possible air leaks -- either from an air line or from a possible tire puncture.
I was walking on the passenger side of the truck when I first heard a rustling in the bushes, and then saw a woman who appeared to be scared, in pain, and trying to remain hidden as much as possible. She called softly to me, "Sir, sir."
When I acknowledged her she asked, "Can you help me, sir, please?"
At first I thought she was just looking for money. As a clergy person I would sometimes wear my collar when making hospital calls or shut-in calls, and when I stopped at a gas station, it seemed as though that collar became a magnet for people who needed money -- to buy gas -- so that they could go to the next big city -- where their mother was dying and they needed to get to her before she passed away. There was almost always a sob story and it usually involved a dying mother. I knew most of the stories were bogus, but I would give them something anyway because probably, once in a while, the request would be legit. And I would hate to have refuse aid to someone who was truly in need.
The woman did look pathetic. I asked her what I could do for her.
"Hide me -- in your cab -- at least for a little while. I've been beaten and I'm afraid that the guy that beat me is looking for me," she replied.
"Should we call the cops?" I asked.
"No! No!" she said softly but with great intensity. "It was a cop that beat me."
I had been intending to go to the restaurant for supper. Instead, I opened up the passenger door, motioned to her and said, "Up you go."
I got in on the driver's side. "I don't want to grill you or try to get you to tell me things you do not want to reveal. But I'd appreciate any more information you can give me so that I know what I'm working with here and how I can help. But before we even get into that, have you eaten or drunk anything today?"
"Not since breakfast," she replied, "and that was just a cup of coffee."
I reached in my little refrigerator and got her a bottle of water. "Here," I said, "start with this. We don't need you to get dehydrated. While you sip on this and decide what you want to tell me, I'm going over to the restaurant to get some supper. It's just fast food. What would you like -- I'm buying. I will enjoy having company for supper."
She asked for a sandwich, no fries, but a chocolate shake and a large cola -- no ice. I told her that if she wanted to remain completely hidden she could crawl up into the sleeper and nobody would know she was there. I would lock up the cab of the truck when I went for food. She crawled up into the sleeper. I locked the driver's door and the passenger door and went to get food. I was back in about ten minutes and let myself in. As I was walking toward the truck I checked it out. I had parked in a place where if I did not turn on any lights in the cab, no one would be able to see into the cab to know that she was there.
She came down from the sleeper. I handed her her supper. I was glad that I got her the large sized sandwich. She wolfed it down like she was starving. I decided I would try to help her feel more comfortable in my presence. I held out my hand to her. "I'm Steve. I'm a second career truck driver. I used to be a pastor -- a minister of religion -- a reverend -- a preacher -- do you know what I mean?"
"Yah. After the first three alternates I got the picture. I'm Lou -- that's short for Louise. Pleased to meet'cha," she said.
I continued. "I became a truck driver when my wife divorced me because I wouldn't let her have a dog. My church won't let a man be a pastor if he's been divorced, so I needed another job. That's how I became a truck driver. I have three children. One daughter is angry with me because she thinks I should have let her mother have the dog. I did not want to have the dog because I have allergies to all animals with fur or hair. It would have made me sick. I don't communicate with my ex-wife. I do call or email my other two children from time to time. So it's a real treat to have some companionship for a change. That's my story in a nutshell."
Lou began. "I'm sorry your wife divorced you. She seems to be a very controlling and selfish person. But I'm glad you're a truck driver and that you showed up to be here today. Until this morning I was a dancer at a tittie bar in town. I got that job to help me pay my way through college. My life went off the rails when I let the owner of the bar pay for me to get my breasts enhanced. He said he would do it as a loan and that the increased revenue I would get from having my breasts enlarged would enable me to pay him off with interest in a short amount of time.
"So a few weeks ago I got my implants and by now they are pretty well healed. In the short time off from dancing that I had to let them heal, I looked up possible internet jobs I could do to earn more money and pay off my debt sooner. I'm an English major and have had some serious courses in grammar, punctuation and the like. I found a company that was hiring on-line proofreaders so I applied. I was hired and was given my first assignment. They liked what I did so gave me more work. So before I even went back to dancing, I went to the owner of the club and gave him a small payment to begin paying off what I owed him for the boob job.
"He got angry and by the middle of his tirade I understood that he wanted me to pay off the debt by turning tricks -- you know -- being a prostitute. This morning one of the guys that works as a bouncer at the club came to my apartment, barged in, smashed my computer and beat me up, telling me I was to use my tits to make money, not my computer and to show up at the bar at three in the afternoon. He was wearing his uniform. He's a cop as well as security at the club and an enforcer for the boss.
"As soon as I was sure he was gone, I ran. The bar is on the north side of town. I figured that if they thought I had run, they would look north, east and west and not expect me to go all the way through town. But I got on a bus to downtown, then transferred to another bus to take me south of town, and then I walked out into the country until I got to the Turnpike. I crawled over the fence onto the Turnpike's right-of-way and followed the fence line here, hoping I'd find a sympathetic female trucker I could approach for help.
"I'd been hiding there in the bushes for a couple of hours, but never spotted the female truck driver. Then you drove up. You almost came right to me, although I don't think you saw me at all. I noticed you had a license plate type thing on the front of your truck that mentioned the name of a church. I was never brought up in the church, but got the impression that Christians, in general, try to be good people. You know -- the hospitals, the homeless shelters, the food banks, the homes for battered women, help for single pregnant women -- stuff like that. It was getting dark and I didn't want to be out there in the dark, so I approached you, hoping you would help me. And you did. Thank you."
"Ooookay Lou," I said. "That's a lot for me to digest. Let me sleep on it for a while. I've had a long day. I need to get my sleep before driving more tomorrow. --- Tell you what: You can either sleep in that seat -- it's not too uncomfortable, or you can join me in the sleeper. It would be a little crowded but neither one of us are huge people; I think we can make it work. It's fairly warm, so we don't need a blanket, but we'll use one anyway. I'll sleep under the blanket and you can sleep on top of it. You can sleep with your head down by my feet and your feet up my my head and I think you can feel safe. Also, I will let you sleep closest to the way into and out of the compartment so that you do not feel trapped.
"But unless you feel that I am going to hurt you, be here tomorrow morning when I wake up, so that we can figure out what you need to do next to keep safe." I went back to the store in the rest area to use the restroom and to buy some bowls, milk and cereal. When I came back I stood guard so that Lou could do her business in the bushes. It was a good thing I bought food for breakfast because in the morning I saw three cop cars at the rest area -- two turnpike patrol and one local city police. I went in to the restroom to do my business, came out and bought an extra large coffee. The parking lot was filled with trucks by now and my rig was no longer parked by itself. There were many trucks parked between the store and my rig. Rather than walking up to the rest rooms, when I returned to the cab and told Lou of the cops at the store, Lou got out of the cab and once again retreated back into the bushes to relieve herself. I carried TP in the cab.
We had milk and cereal for breakfast and shared the large mug of coffee. Lou wanted to stay with me -- at least for a while -- at least until we were out of Indiana. After doing a full inspection of the rig we started off for the day. We talked about what was next. If she would choose to stay with me for a while, I'd buy her a new computer so that she could use my satellite internet service and start earning money by proofreading. We would also have to stop and buy her a few items of clothing as she had only the clothes on her back.
By the end of the day she was exploring with me whether she could stay with me for a while -- a week -- a few weeks -- a month -- a few months. Finally, I told her she could stay with me as long as she wanted to and if I began to have problems with that I would tell her and give her a week to make alternate plans.
The next day I brought up the next logical item of business. She had gotten in trouble by having a man loan her some money. Then he wanted to turn her out. I didn't know if he was connected to organized crime or not, but I'd like to sever the ties if he was, just so that I wasn't always feeling like I had to be looking over my shoulder. I saw no other way out. I needed to do this for my own peace of mind. I suggested that we take the money out of my retirement account plus one year's interest and transfer it to her checking account.. She would then write a check to her boss for the cost of the boob job plus interest. On the back of the check where her boss would endorse the check she printed, "The act of endorsing and cashing this check acknowledges that the loan originally extend to Louise Franke has been repaid in full and no more payment is expected or required." She put this in a stamped envelope addressed to her boss in Indiana. She put that envelope in a larger envelope and mailed it to a dependable friend there in Indiana and had that friend mail the check to her boss. Hopefully that would get her former boss off her back.
We stopped off at a mall that was right off the highway on our way to St. Louis. There Lou bought one low rise snug fitting pair of jeans, a couple pair of yoga pants, a pair of booty shorts and a few tops including a couple of crop tops. She bought some good underwear at Victoria's Secret and another pair of athletic shoes. She asked repeatedly if I minded her riding along for a while while she escaped Indiana and I always repeated that I loved having the company if she could stand the cramped sleeping quarters. We bought her a laptop so she could continue her proof-reading business. I was a people person and enjoyed this opportunity to have someone riding along with me. As far as I was concerned she was doing me almost as big a favor as I was doing her.
Once we got to Missouri Lou was no longer afraid to be seen and to get out of the cab to use the facilities at a rest area. A routine quickly evolved. We would eat one meal a day at some kind of rest area, truck stop or fast food restaurant. Following my fitness routine, we ran together, lifted weights together and used the elastic bands to get our exercise. When Lou was not proofreading, we listened to interviews of different people on public radio or listened to some of my talking books. On her first Friday in the truck, I told Lou that I normally went to church on Sunday, and I would be glad if she went with me but would not hold it against her if she chose not to.
Her only comment was that if she was going to church, she would need a dress. We stopped at a mall. She bought a dress that fit like a second skin. The bottom hem came to the middle of her thighs. There was a plunging U neckline. If she didn't have such a fit body, the dress would have looked slutty. As it was it she looked gorgeous. I wasn't sure whether the ladies of the church would like it, but I was proud to be seen with Lou and I told her so -- more than once.
We went to church on Sunday morning and I experienced something I had never felt before. Being the pastor I never got to sit with my family in church. This was really a wonderful feeling sitting in church next to someone I cared for. And that is when it hit me that I was developing feelings for Lou. After the service she had all kinds of questions for me. I had my own hymnal and we got it out and I explained things about the service to her. I explained that when people went up to the front of the church for the Sacrament, I could have done that, too, but I didn't want her to sit there alone. But if she would like to go up with me, if she went through a period of instruction so that she learned all about what was happening, she would be accepted as a member of the church and would be invited to come forward to receive the Sacrament, too. She thought that would be a good idea.
At Lou's suggestion, rather than listening to talking books, she could read aloud to me while we were driving. We added that to our daily activities. I was still getting theological journals and she would read them to me as well as books. At times I would need her to read a paragraph or two over again because the topic was so complex I needed to re-read it and think about it carefully. At times Lou would interrupt and ask questions about what she was reading. We would stop at used book stores and buy some books and sell books we had read to the bookstore. She would read books that I had picked out and I gladly listened as she read books that she had picked out. She was, after all, an English major. She picked very good literature.
Lou wrote the postmaster at her city in Indiana to forward her mail to my Post Office Box. I had talked to the pastor and had become a member of a church in the city that was the headquarters for the trucking company. Now I emailed the pastor asking if the pastor would allow me to instruct Lou in the doctrines and practices of the church. Then, the next time we were in town, the pastor could talk with Lou and make sure that I did a good job, and if I did, Lou could become a member of the church as well. Six weeks later that happened. It was a very special moment for me that first time that I walked with Lou down the aisle to the front of the church when she was received into membership. We came forward again later in the service to receive the Sacrament together.
We lived frugally and with a minimum of stuff, but did get a few more clothes for Lou from time to time. Lou liked stretch clothing and clothing that molded itself to her body. In warm places she loved showing off her bare abdomen and long dancer's legs. She had a few booty shorts and micro miniskirts. I timed my driving so that we could go dancing at least one night on the weekend. We went on other dates as well: concerts, movies and dinners at nice restaurants. Sometimes we would splurge and stay overnight at a bed and breakfast. We truly enjoyed all the time we spent together and the different things we did with one another.
About six weeks after we had started to travel together, Lou received her latest bank statement electronically. He former boss had cashed her check paying for her boob job. We were relatively certain that he would not try to come after her.
Shortly after that an interesting incident happened. Lou tells me that about an hour before we would be ready to pull into a truck stop and park for the night she saw a sign for a club, but didn't mention it to me. But then, about 20 minutes later she saw another billboard advertising the same club. It was a new club, just opening, that featured exotic dancers. It also mentioned that in order to bring in customers to the newly opened club there would be an amateur dance contest each night.
Lou started talking about her dancing. She loved to dance. She had taken dance lessons when in Junior High and High School. When she went to college, she was able to take some dance classes that would serve to fill her requirements for PE. She actually liked stripping. She understood that she was somewhat of an exhibitionist. She loved showing off and being seen and liked it when men showed their appreciation for her. Obviously, she had no desire to take it to a next step where she would have sex with people in the club. She had run away from her precious employer to keep that from happening.
Then she hit me with it. Could she sign up and dance tonight at amateur night? We talked about it.
"First of all, you need to realize that you do not need my permission to do anything. Just because I'm giving you a ride does not mean I own you. You are free to do as you want.," I said.
"But I want you to go with me. I want you to see me dance. I want you to see why I enjoy it so much. And when you think of me during the next day I want to to think of me the way I looked up on that stage. I want you to understand -- I hope that you will understand -- how much I enjoy being up there and dancing in front of people. Will you go with me -- Please?" she pleaded.
If I were still a pastor and she were my wife and this club was in the same neighborhood as my church, I'm sure I couldn't do it. But I'm not a pastor, she is not my wife, this is not a town in which I live and work. I know that she does not want to dance as a prelude to prostituting herself. It is really important to her that she wants me to be there for her. All these thoughts ran through my head.
I knew that people who would condemn me for going into the club would say that dancing and watching such dancers cause sinful desires to arise in the heart of the viewer. Is that always the case? If so, is it the dancer's fault? Can a person watch an exotic dancer without getting sinful desires? Can a person get sinful desires without seeing an exotic dance? The more I thought the more complex the issue became.
Finally, I said to myself, "I'm not in the ministry. No one is going to get bent out of shape if I go in there to watch Lou dance. She wants me there and wants to share this moment with me. I care for her enough that if she wants me there, then I want to be there for her."
"Okay," I said to her. "If you want me there, I want to be there for you. Count me in."
We were driving down the highway, seated in the front of the cab. I got the impression that if we would have been standing together talking she would have thrown her arms around me and given me a big hug. Instead, she tried to explain in words how much she appreciated my saying yes to her. Squealing her delight would be putting it mildly.
The truck stop was very close to the exotic club. We ate supper at the truck stop and then she wanted to hit the showers. While eating she filled me in on what to expect at the club. She had become very adept at getting dressed in the sleeper and got dressed in record time. However, putting on makeup and jewelry as she sat in the cab took much longer than usual. I changed into a pair of dress pants and a dress shirt.
When she was ready to go to the club, I exited the cab, locked up my side, and went to help her out of her side. She had on a pair of high platform acrylic heels, a pleated micro miniskirt, a G-string thong and a bandeau top across her massive chest.
As we walked to the club she said, "This will be the first time I will have danced with these augmented tits. When my boss wanted me to get them done, I agreed that it would be the right thing. I have a very nice, rounded, generous butt, but my tits looked somewhat out of place in comparison. So I thought all he had in mind was that I would look so much better if I had bigger boobs when I danced. He, of course, had other things in mind. But he was right about the boobs.
"I can hardly wait to get in there to dance. They usually have a mirror or mirrors at one end of the dance floor. I will be able to see myself -- the entire package -- for the first time. I'm really excited.
We went up to the bartender to ask about entering the amateur contest. He pointed us to the DJ. We went to see him. In signing Lou up, he asked her whether she had ever danced professionally before. Of course, she had to answer in the affirmative. He wouldn't sign her up. She was really disappointed. We ordered drinks from the bar and moved to a table to talk.
"What if I were to dance but just not be included in the contest?" she asked me.
"It sounds good to me, but it's the DJ you have to convince," I replied.
So back up to the DJ we went. If he would have had a long line of people waiting to sign up, he might have been irritated at our reappearance. But no one was there waiting to sign up. So Lou told him, "Look, I really want to dance, that's all. I don't have to be included in the running for the prizes that are offered tonight. Just let me dance in one of the early rounds of competition and I will leave the club before you get to the final elimination rounds. Just let me dance, please?"
He looked her over and liked what he saw. There were quite a few openings for dancers and those openings were not being filled very fast. He figured he had nothing to lose. He scheduled her for the second round. He would pick the music. She would have three songs. She could strip nude, if she wanted to, but was expected to dance topless, at least. She was not to try to penetrate her pussy or her ass with anything including her fingers. She could use the pole that was on the stage but it was not necessary.
Seven girls danced before Lou. When she was introduced, I expected the DJ to use some kind of stage name. She was introduced as, "Stephanie!" That came as a shock. Then, when she appeared on stage I was mesmerized. She was absolutely beautiful. Her motions were sensuous and riveting. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. During the first song she took off the miniskirt. During the second song she took off the bandeau. She was right. Her generous tits were a perfect match for her generous ass and those two parts of her body were connected by a waist that would make a wasp proud.
People were not allowed to give money to the amateurs, but she received thunderous applause which at times could barely be heard over the shouts of appreciation.
Was what I was feeling in my lower abdomen and in my genitals sinful? I'd have to give that some serious thought. I was certainly sexually excited. But that happened sometimes when we went dancing. That happened sometimes when I masturbated and happened sometimes when I woke up with morning wood. I don't know that anyone calls morning wood sinful. The reviews are out on masturbation and dancing. She certainly was a sensual woman. I would tell her how much I appreciated her many times over -- both that night and on the road on following days. We still slept head to toe. She was not my wife.
We had been living this life out of a truck for well over six months. We were driving down I-75 from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan to Detroit when, just before reaching Bay City, Lou turned to me and asked, "So what am I, chopped liver?"
I was taken completely by surprise. I looked over at Lou. She was dead serious. I had to ask myself, "What could she be talking about?" I decided I would give her the first answer that came to mind and the answer that also came from the bottom of my heart. "You are the best thing that has ever happened to me. I have never felt so much peace and contentment with my life as I have felt since you joined me. The only thing that comes remotely close is the time in my life when we had children at home where we played with one another and joked with one another and worked together on school projects and just had a real strong and happy bond with one another. But that pales is comparison to the delight I feel being with you each and every day."
"Then why haven't you made a move on me?" asked Lou. "I know you're not gay. The time we went to the beach at Lake Havasu and I wore that dental floss thong I thought your cock was going to rip right through your suit as it became hard. The first time you saw me dance, I thought you were going to ask me to marry you. Almost everywhere we go together we hold hands and it's more than holding hands. You want to hold on to me in every sense of the word. I feel it. You never want to let me go. And when we go dancing we melt into each other's arms and mold to each other's body like we belong there. Yet we still sleep in the sleeper head to toe while I long to have you put your arm's around me and make love to me. What am I missing here?"
I pulled off the expressway at Bay City. I had a little bit of acquaintance with his city. I knew I could find a motel near a mall and near more than one decent restaurant. As I pulled off the expressway, I said, "This conversation deserves my undivided attention, and I will give it to you." I found the motel and got us a room. I told her, "We're going to a nice place to eat."
We both showered and put on dress clothes. I wore dress pants, dress shirt and tie and a sport coat. Lou wore a tight miniskirt and a fitted blouse with a number of buttons left unbuttoned. On her feet were a pair of four inch high heels. Her hair was brushed out and falling to the middle of her back. She was wearing long dangling earrings. We had been dancing with her wearing an outfit like that. I loved it. I was so delighted to be seen with such a stunning beauty.
We walked to the restaurant just a little ways away from the motel and had a nice meal. Then we came back to our room. It was still early evening. There was a recliner and a desk chair in the room. I offered Lou the recliner while I sat down facing her in the desk chair.
I began: "You asked me a question. I will tell you the answer as best I know how. Feel free to interrupt or ask questions for clarification." (I paused to collect my thoughts.) "I don't remember when it began, but not too long after you joined me I began to have feelings for you. Over the past months as we have spent 24 hours a day, 7 days a week with one another I will admit I have fallen completely head over heels totally in love with you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
"And I realize that it is totally unfair for me to say that and at the same time stop short of marrying you and having a sexual relationship with you. So what's my problem? My problem goes back to my first marriage and to one of the times my wife threatened to divorce me. The reason for the divorce would be, she claimed, marital rape. She claimed that I raped her because I wanted to have sex with her at a time when she did not want it. Even though I did not force her, the fact that I wanted sex and she did not but we did it anyway she claimed to be marital rape. Furthermore she said that I had not sexually satisfied her for years and that she had faked her orgasms over that time.
"While I doubted that all that was true (does a woman fake squirting?), nevertheless those accusations still hover over me. We, you and I, have something good now. I would hate to mess it up because I'm the type of guy who would rape my wife or is unable to satisfy her. So it is my own fear about myself that has caused me to keep our relationship from going to the next level. You are the most desirable woman I have ever known and I love you with all my heart. I have misgivings about myself."
Lou let out a sigh of relief. "You poor, sweet, silly, frightened but lovable man. That was then, this is now. That was she, I am I. I don't know what her problem was but it doesn't matter. Look at my toys if you want to. You will see that I am not a size queen. My toys are not especially large. I don't require you to have extraordinary equipment. I've seen you in your swimsuit. Your size is just fine. The rest that is needed for a couple to enjoy their sexual relationship is just a matter of personal preference and technique. Personal preference we can discuss. Technique we can learn. You're making way to much of this. You're overthinking.
"Let's go over to the mall right now and find a bookstore and buy a couple of books on sexual technique. Then we'll do what we often have done -- we'll read those books together and talk about them. We'll talk about things we want to do. We'll talk about things we definitely don't want to do. We'll talk about all the alternatives in the middle. And unless we find that we are complete opposites in our likes and dislikes, we should be able to see a way forward. I have grown to love you, too, more than I ever thought it was possible to love another person and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. And I want our relationship to be complete. That means having a vibrant sexual relationship as well as everything we already have."
We went to the mall, came back to the room, read and talked that night for a while before turning in. We ate a good breakfast at a fast food place and went down to Detroit where one load was unloaded. At a different terminal we picked up another load to be taken to the west coast. Instead of going across I-94 I dipped down into Indiana and got on the Toll Road. At the rest area where I first picked up Lou, I pulled in. I parked in the far corner of the parking lot where we had first met. I got out and had Lou get out. We walked over to the bushes where Lou had been hiding. I got down on one knee and asked her to marry me.
We kept on reading and talking as we continued west. I had previously been married for twenty years, yet a day did not go by when I did not learn something new I could use to pleasure my wife-to-be. By the time we got to Nevada we were ready.
We stopped at Las Vegas and got married. Lou's wedding dress was somewhat unconventional. It consisted of white pasties covering her areolas and nipples on her otherwise very large tits, a white micro miniskirt (no panties), and white thigh high platform boots with a six inch heel. She had long earrings dangling from her ears and matching jewelry in her navel. After the wedding we spent most of our time in our hotel room trying out the techniques and positions we had read about. When we weren't in our room, we were down at the topless pool, each one wearing just a white teardrop thong. For going out to eat Lou bought a tube dress made for clubbing that had numerous cut outs strategically placed so that only the bare necessities were covered. But in Las Vegas we could get away with it. She loved to be seen. I loved looking at her. I loved to be seen with her. Everybody who saw us knew what we would be doing later on.
And now our relationship was complete. That was, until some time later when we returned to the headquarters of the trucking company, went to the post office, and retrieved my mail from our Post Office Box. In it was a letter from the denominational headquarters of the church for which I used to be a pastor. More that five years had expired since my divorce, and now, if I wanted, the execs would review the grounds for my divorce. If it seemed that I had done nothing deserving of a divorce, there was a possibility I could be reinstated as a pastor.
I filled in the proper forms and mailed them in. I did not give it much further thought. They would be contacting my former wife and our current pastor and maybe my children, so it was not a done deal. In fact, I thought my ex-wife and /or younger daughter would probably try to make me look bad and scuttle any chance I might have. For my part, I was happy with the life Lou and I were living.
About six months later I received another letter. Evidently even my former wife admitted that I had not done anything immoral that was deserving of divorce. I could be reinstated.
It took three cross country trips for Lou and I to weigh all the pro's and cons. The one thing missing from our marriage was a child. The life we were living was not what we wanted for having a family. I had loved the ministry. Lou was ready to give the life of a pastor's wife a try.
We looked on the internet for a urologist who would try to reverse my vasectomy. I would be in his town three days later to unload. He worked me into his schedule. We stayed a couple of days before I drove, and then worked on my itinerary so that I could go back for the recommended follow-up visit. At the follow-up visit we could see little swimmers under the microscope.
I turned in my keys. The company was sad to see me go. While I was not a driver that consistently racked up the maximum number of miles each day, I had a tremendous safety record. And I was courteous to other drivers and to the people who worked the loading docks.
We were assigned to a small rural church in Iowa. Lou made the parsonage into a home. I wrote my sermons at home and Lou continued her proofreading business, so we still spent a lot of time together. Often if I had to make a call at a distant hospital, Lou went with me. She would read a book to me or bring along her computer and do some proofreading while we were on the road -- just like old times.
Four months after moving to Iowa the pregnancy test proved to be positive. Stephanie Louise came on the scene and now there were three. Even then, if I was going to be gone for any length of time Lou and little Stephanie came along. Stephanie loved riding in the car.
Shortly after Stephanie was born, Lou asked me to make a portion of the basement into a place where she could practice dancing. She even wanted a stripper pole. She wanted to dance for the exercise and to keep her limber and flexible. Her dance area was right below my office. If I was home I could always tell when she was dancing because I could hear music playing. One day while she was dancing, I heard some loud tapping on the floor beneath me. Lou was evidently trying to get my attention. I went downstairs. She had a chair waiting for me. She handed me a script and told me to read it. "And now, our featured performer of the day. Let's put our hands together and extend a warm welcome to Stephanie."
When I finished reading she came out from behind the furnace, turned on the music and performed a complete set of exotic dances, stripping off one piece of clothing after another until she was nude except for her stripper heels. I did my best as an audience of one to show my appreciation. Fortunately, Stephanie remained down for her nap, and I could take my appreciation to the bedroom.
Once Stephanie started school my private dances became an every week thing, and we kept a mattress down in the basement near her dance area. Some times she went beyond what she could do at the club where I first saw her dance and she would use her fingers and toys to bring herself to orgasm before I showed her my appreciation.
I also found that she liked it when she masturbated for me as she danced if I also stripped and masturbated to climax for her. Neither Lou nor I ever had to worry that Brenda Big Boobs represented any kind of temptation to me at all.
We sometimes joked that Lou should offer exotic dance classes to women in the community. We thought that those classes would probably be more helpful to many marriages than many of the things that were offered as marriage enrichment classes.
When I had to go to pastors' conferences, Lou was right there with me. She often sat in on the theological discussions. She understood what they were talking about from having read all those theology articles to me as we crossed the country in the truck. As Stephanie grew older, Lou still went with me to conferences and Stephanie was taken out of school to go with us. Lou and Stephanie would spend time female bonding at the mall. The conferences were always held at a larger city that had one or more large shopping malls, whereas the town in which my church was located only had a Walmart.
Lou and I enjoyed being parents to Stephanie. We played games, watched her play sports, listened to her play in the band, encouraged her with her schoolwork and enjoyed family outings with one another. At home we listened to one another when one or the other had a bad day, we teased and joked with one another and shared our good times and our future plans with one another. Sometimes we read books to one another the way Lou used to read to me in the truck.
As Stephanie grew older she still liked going with her mom and dad to his conferences because Lou would tell Stephanie not to bother packing a swim suit. But then at the hotel there would be a pool and Lou would have packed an extra bikini in her suitcase. So Stephanie would wear one of Lou's bikinis to the hotel pool. These were much smaller than any of the swimwear that Stephanie owned or that she or her friends could get at the Walmart back home. She also had a chance to wear a pair of her mom's acrylic platform shoes with 6 inch heels down the hallways, in the elevator and out to the pool.
Eventually Stephanie went off to college and Lou and I were empty-nesters. But we continued to have the close bond we first formed in the cab of the truck. We are still every bit as connected to one another and as much in love with one another as we have ever been. Some might consider the fact that we spend so much time together to be a sign that we are somewhat dysfunctional. It works for us.
To keep things somewhat historically accurate, assume that this story ends about the year 2030.