For when I never see her again.
Preamble:
I strongly suggest you read the first two chapters first, but here is a summary.
My name is Mike and I work at a University in Amsterdam. I'm completely infatuated with a young woman named Emma who works at the University sports center as a fitness trainer and weight room manager. I'm American, average height with a muscular build, brown hair and brown eyes. Emma is Dutch, but speaks perfect English, and does not look like a typical Dutch woman. Rather than being tall, blonde and pale, Emma is about a half a head shorter than me, has brown hair with blonde highlights, and a tan, olive complexion. Her eyes are very light blue-green. They're gorgeous.
Both Emma and I are very fit. Emma is slim and toned, with perky breasts that are probably about a B-cup (Emma once told me she thinks it's lame when women wear bras that pad their breasts: she's content with hers exactly as they are). And Emma's ass is sensational. I've been with a lot of women, and I have never loved an ass as much as I love Emma's ass.
Emma has a boyfriend, and I'm married with three young children. My wife's name is Christie.
Emma and I were acquaintances/friends for a long time before, very suddenly, our relationship exploded into an intense and explicit flirtation. I wrote out a fantasy that I had about her, and sent it to her as a gift. She loved it, which started me falling in love with her.
At the end of chapter 1 we were both alone at our homes (Christie was out with friends, and my kids were in bed) and we were chatting over email. In return for a sexy picture, Emma convinced me to let her watch me masturbate over the webcam while staying hidden herself. When I was getting close to orgasm, she sent a second photo, naked, close-up between her legs. It made me cum immediately. She came watching me, but then when we were through she said the second picture wasn't of her, and cut off contact, feeling too guilty about what we were doing.
In the second chapter, Emma and I caved in to our lust again and had another encounter. She teasingly told me that she had masturbated about me in the bathroom after I left the gym one day, and then, in return for a look at her lingerie, she convinced me to go into the same bathroom and jerk myself off thinking about her. She told me to keep a little bit of cum on my fingers so that I could prove to her that I had really done it. When I finished and came out of the stall, she was there in the bathroom, and she sucked my fingers into her mouth, tasting my orgasm. Then she quickly stuffed her wet panties into my shorts, and pushed me out of the bathroom.
Excerpt from the final moments of Chapter 2:
I was hard. My fingers weren't entirely clean. I had a pair of wet panties stuck down the front of my shorts, and suddenly I was standing out in the open in the middle of the gym with a shocked, horny look on my face.
In chapter 3, Emma and I enjoyed a highly flirtatious walk together, on her way to the train station. She was dressed up and looked incredible. She a wore a classy, super-sexy royal blue dress that I will remember for the rest of my life.
We stopped in a park to sit down and talk. We talked explicitly about our sexual fantasies. She asked me, if I could cum on her anywhere, where would I cum, and I told her everywhere. I traced my fingers from her cheek to her lips to her neck and breasts to her legs, as we both imagined my orgasm all over her. She flashed me her panties as I caressed her upper thigh.
The conversation left both of us aching for orgasm, but we continued on to her train. She left me, and after a few minutes of indecisive agony, I bought myself a ticket so that I could spend an hour riding the train with her.
When I found her on the train, she was masturbating.
She was masturbating in public, though the train was mostly empty and she was alone at her end of the car.
I snuck up and sat down beside her. After some moments of confusion, disbelief, and joy, Emma and I began to fool around, discretely, careful not to alert the other passengers to what we were doing. When our car seemed to have emptied out, I finally made Emma cum directly, in my presence, with body contact instead of just with writing and images and ideas. I knelt on the floor of the train and licked her pussy, which I was happy to recognize from the picture she sent in chapter 1.
We had thought that our car on the train was empty but it turned out a group of guys had hidden from us and watched. Emma orgasmed loudly, and then the voyeurs applauded, laughing loudly, alerting us to their presence. We left the train in embarrassment, and then Emma, intent on getting me back, sucked my cock in the deserted train station, pulling off of me at the last second to fulfil my fantasy, letting my cum spray all over her face, breasts, and thighs, and all over her gorgeous dress as she simultaneously had a second orgasm by her own fingers.
I confessed my love for her once again, and once again she gave up nothing back.
Excerpt from the end of chapter 3:
We held each other tight, holding on to the bliss that was already giving way to the shadows of our significant others; the guilt, the remorse, and the pain of wanting more than one person and not being able to give yourself to both.
And now, the final chapter:
Chapter 4
When it ended, I was furious.
And hurt. I guess mostly hurt, but furious about being so hurt.
I had never really been broken up with before.
Sure, I had liked girls before who were not interested in me. I had messed up a few budding relationships before any major feelings had developed. But this was very different.
I had never wanted a girl as much as I wanted Emma, never wanted to be with a girl as much as I wanted to be with Emma, never felt as close to a girl as I felt to Emma, and then had that girl reject me.
Emma rejected me. She rejected me for very good reasons, I can admit; but that didn't make much of a dent in the overall pain and frustration, and the fury that it caused me.
It wasn't exactly sudden, but it hurt like it was.
I will get to it gradually.
***
We had no communication for several days after that afternoon. I thought of her constantly. I was in a perpetual state of sexual arousal. In a frenzy of sexual arousal. Visions of her in that dress struck me every few seconds. My whole life was about the next moment I could spend with her.
But I didn't email. And she didn't email back. There was mutual radio silence. I suppose that for me, in between all those amorous thoughts, there was fear and guilt, and that was part of what kept me quiet. The guilt was not so much about betraying my wife's trust - that makes me an asshole, I know, I've come to terms with it and I'm trying to be a little better - what I really felt guilty about was my kids.
Emma was occupying my mind and my love almost completely, and there was just less of me available for my kids. That is what made me feel guilty, in a few brief moments of self-awareness.
But the rest of the time it was all passion. I just wanted to make Emma cum. Again and again. Every minute. Every second. I just wanted to make Emma cum.
Lying in bed, late, while everyone else slept, I just wanted to make Emma cum.
In the shower, rubbing soap all over my body, I just wanted to make Emma cum.
Eating breakfast, riding to work, analyzing data, I just wanted to make Emma cum.
At the gym, every time I looked at her, I just wanted to make Emma cum.
Every single time.
***
The next time I saw her the gym was empty.
I had arrived very early.
I had woken up very early.
I always woke up early on days that I was going to see Emma. Emma and I talked a lot about music, and on days that I expected to see her, I would wake up with songs we talked about, like "R U Mine?" by the Arctic Monkeys, and "Bruises" by Band of Skulls blaring in my head.
It was euphoria. It was deafening.
Emma was not at her desk when I came in, but the trolley of cleaning equipment was there. That trolley would have to be returned to the storage room at some point in the day. To the storage room where we had our first kiss. Ever since that first kiss, the trolley made me hard.
But no Emma yet, so I wandered over to the squat rack to start a workout, fearing the crushing disappointment I would feel if it was someone else on duty, if Emma was sick or something and didn't come to work that day.
I was half way into my second set when she burst into the room, like she so often does, vaulting the turnstile that guards against people without a pass. I sighed in happiness and my heart rate tripled. She spotted me immediately as well. My back was to her, but we made eye contact through the mirrored wall.
She started to walk towards my end of the room and I set the bar on the rack, turned, and walked towards her. With a happy smile she gestured to the empty room, and I wanted to rush to her and pick her up into a long, deep kiss, but I was aware of the security cameras that gave her colleague at the main entrance a view of the weight room.
"Can we hug... with the camera's, I mean?" I gestured to one of the cameras.
"Sure. It's not like they just sit watching the cameras all the time."
We closed the distance and I hugged her to me. It felt so good to be that close to her. I felt like I absorbed her, or absorbed into her. It was only a hug, but it was a powerful feeling. I think of it now as the 20-year hug, because I could remember only one other hug that felt so special, 20 years before.
She broke the hug. I don't think she felt what I had felt, at that moment. I laughed nervously, disconcerted.
She smiled at me. We didn't know what to do. The room was still empty. Should we just start making out right there?
I cleared my throat.
"How was your weekend?"
Emma shook her head and a momentary flash of sadness appeared on her face.
"Oh, it was crazy. It was so hard. I felt so bad, but I felt so good as well."
We looked at each other. I don't respond for a second, too distracted by desire to converse at a normal speed.
"Me too. I felt a little bad, but mostly good."
Now it was Emma's turn to take too long to respond. She smiled at me, giddy for a second and our hands stretched toward one another. I wanted another hug.
And then she frowned.
It was like that, with us. I know I've said it before but it is always hard for me to understand when I describe it, and so I imagine anyone would find it hard to understand.
The fact was, we were always on the edge. The edge between climbing all over each other, and breaking it all off. The middle ground was just the place we passed quickly through on our way from one extreme to the other. The smallest change in the balance - a moment of hesitation, a single word, a single thought - could tip us over to either side at any time.
There was so much passion and lust, and love (on my part) that we had every reason to fall into each other, but there was also so much to keep us apart. Emma bounced. The more heavily she dropped into me, the greater the force that sent her flying back upward. She bounced away from that hug in the empty gym.
"I can't believe I'm doing this. I can't believe I am letting myself do this to him. You are... so... He doesn't deserve this."
"He doesn't know." I was short-sighted. Living in the moment.
"I love him. He loves me. He trusts me."
She was hurting, but deep in my own arousal I couldn't empathize with her real, human pain. My infatuation with Emma was making me less human. I had nothing to say that wasn't motivated by wanting to keep her.
"There is a fine line between trusting someone, and taking them for granted."
Emma paused, and looked away.
"Mike, what are we doing? Why did you do this? How can you do these things when you are married, and you say you love your wife?
"I don't know. I don't feel like I have any control when it comes to you.
She shook her head and turned away from me slightly. I thought hard for a second, trying to come to my own understanding of why I could cheat on Christie.
"Look Emma, I've been married 12 years. The relationship changes. Time, and children change things. Christie and I have a good sex life, but our relationship is a lot less about sex now than it was before we had kids. And I guess, well, when the relationship becomes less about sex, the commitment to the relationship has less to do with sex. I'm committed to her in ways that are more important to the relationship than sex is."
Emma took a while to process this.
So did I.
I realized that I had finally verbalized what I had been feeling, or not feeling, in terms of the guilt I should have felt towards Christie.
"So this is all just an adventure for you? You just want to fuck a Dutch girl?"
"No Emma, I love you."
She looked at me for a long time. I think she was wavering between saying something nice back, or slapping me.
The sound of the turnstile rotating broke our silence, and Emma turned to go to her desk, leaving me completely unsure of where we stood.
I went back to my workout, puzzling over the conversation we just had.
She thought I just wanted to fuck a Dutch girl? I was dumbfounded. She didn't believe that I loved her? How could she not believe it? I felt like it was written all over my face, my skin.
She avoided me for the rest of the time that I was there. And then when it was time for me to leave, she was talking to someone else at the other end of the gym. The trolley was still beside her desk. I needed to talk to her. I need to be with her. I needed to kiss her. I waited at her desk for her to return. She made me wait 15 minutes, and then broke my heart when she finally came.
I motioned to the trolley.
"Are you going to return that thing? I'll walk you out."
"No, you go ahead, I'll take it later."
We both knew she was rejecting me. She held my eyes with her own; defiant and stubborn. There was no changing her mind.
I left.
I just wanted to make Emma cum.
***
I had to travel for a few days, and thought about nothing but Emma the whole time. I was giving a talk about my research to a symposium at a University in Germany, and I kept thinking I saw her in the crowd.
I tried a few e-mails but she kept radio silence. She hadn't ended it, I kept thinking. But I knew she was trying to end it. Emma was refusing to believe that I loved her, to make it easier for her to end it.
There was no fucking way that I was going to let her end it thinking I didn't love her. She could end it, but not on those terms. Whatever happened, for the rest of her life I wanted her to know, without a doubt, that I loved her.
And I knew how I could prove it to her: I could write it down.
Our romance began with the written proof of my passion for her. Now I knew I could prove my love in the same way.
I started to write a larger piece than the two fantasies I had written for her before. It was more detailed, more cerebral, more emotionally intimate. It was a biography of us. It was a love letter. It was a tribute.
***
When I got back Emma tried to hide her happiness. She was still trying to end it. I watched her avoid looking at me. I just wanted to make Emma cum.
I wouldn't let her go. I chatted with her. I flirted mildly, I cracked a couple of jokes, and she finally smiled. My heart soared. But she bounced. Her face got cold, and then warm again, she laughed at one flirty comment and walked away from another. She was a mess of conflicting emotions.
And then she notified me of our impending doom. She was going on a trip to Italy with her boyfriend later in the month. Two weeks in Venice. It was the perfect time to end it. She was escaping to Venice.
We looked at each other for a long time, silent.
They were leaving in ten days. I had ten days left. Did she feel we had ten days left?
"That will be when it ends for us, I guess." I was so sad. I just wanted to make Emma cum.
"It think it's already over Mike."
She was wrong. I was writing something that she would love. It wasn't confidence or cockiness that made me know it wasn't over yet, it was a feeling of destiny. I don't believe in destiny, but I know that the feeling that something is inevitable is very real. That feeling is evidence-based. It's subconscious. It comes from a wiser part of us.
I felt it.
We would touch again.
I got a little emotional for a second, overcome.
"You're so beautiful."
I saw intense feelings play across her face, but she stayed silent.
"I've been writing again." I surprised her. Her sudden excitement showed and then was squelched as she tried to control herself.
"You wrote another fantasy?" She swallowed.
"I wrote more than a fantasy. I wrote about us. I wrote about everything about us. It's about how I feel about you, and it's about how things developed between us. I had this idea that I could write the story around those e-mail fantasies. The story is kind of about how that writing acted as such a catalyst between us."
"That's a cool idea." Emma struggled to sound like it was only polite, platonic interest.
"It's not done yet, but when it is I want you to read it. You inspire me. The way I write for you...it's exciting to me both physically and mentally. I'm really proud of the way I write for you. You're my muse."
She broke just a little bit. "Mike, I want to, but I shouldn't read it."
"You won't have to get it from me. I never even have to know you've read it. I will post it on a website for erotic fiction. You could read it anonymously, and I would never have to know. Maybe that's a way for me to keep you as my muse, but to keep it from being direct flirtation."
Emma liked the idea.
"I could even just wait until you moved away from the Netherlands before I read it."
"Well, I'm here for another two years. But I mean, if you could wait that long, you could wait and read it after I left."
We both knew she would not wait that long.
"We'll see," she said, and walked away.
I watched her incredible ass. I just wanted to make Emma cum.
***
It took agonizing days to finish it. I wanted it to be so good, but everything that I wanted to express didn't fit perfectly into a single, tight story. I wanted Emma to love it, but I also wanted everyone in the world to love it. And I was running out of time. I needed Emma to see it before she left for Venice. I wrote it as chapter 1. I called it A Glorious Tease.
It was accepted by Literotica.com and made available to the public over the weekend. On the following Tuesday it had over 10 thousand hits, and was rated 4.6 out of 5 stars. I told Emma immediately upone seeing her, arriving at the gym early the first Tuesday after I submitted it. It was her last day of work before her trip.
"I posted the story. It's called 'A Glorious Tease'. People really seem to like it."
The gym was mostly empty. Emma asked me for the address and typed it into her computer.
"Are you going to read it right now!?" I was shocked and excited that she would go to an erotic website at work, in public. I think my voice cracked when I asked.
"No, I just want to find it, then I will read it later."
She found it.
"Here it is. iksanabot... I'm...I'm just going to read the first few lines."
She started reading and I watched her. A minute passed and she was still reading. Suddenly she looked up at me.
"It's really good."
"Thanks."
She looked around.
"I guess I can keep reading, it's not busy. But you can't stand there the whole time."
"Ok, yeah. That's cool. I'll go work out." I smiled.
The next 20 minutes were some of the most intense, unique minutes of my life. I watched Emma read my story. I watched her blush, and shift in her seat. I watched her fidget with her clothes, twisting the material between her fingers. I saw her completely entranced, transfixed by my writing. I witnessed her being so absorbed by my expression of us, that nothing else existed. She didn't look up once.
I was out of breath when she finished.
She looked at me, across the room, and smiled, but didn't hold my gaze like she could normally do so effortlessly.
She looked away, weakly. Like she had lost sight of me. Like she couldn't see anything. She got back to work, doing her routine chores. She was moving so slowly. She was so deep in her head, that every single movement was executed with minimal drive behind it. So, so, so slowly that it was actually kind of funny to watch, if you could describe something as funny that was also so sexy and emotional.
I went to the bathroom to fill my water bottle, and she followed me in. The lust on her face actually did make me laugh out loud, but nervously, and feeling overpowered by desire myself I reached for her. She shook her head.
"You make me so crazy."
She turned away from me, half-heartedly brushing my arms away, and she leaned against the sink to look at us both in the mirror.
I put my hands on her. Even then, after everything that had happened, with her overcome and coming to me in the bathroom, there was a barrier. She didn't turn to me. She didn't hug me. She didn't kiss me. She just stared at us both in the mirror in desperate conflict with herself.
I was behind her. I had one hand on the lower swell of her fabulous ass, and one hand creeping up her stomach from her hip to her breast. I kissed her exposed neck and she closed her eyes and then opened them again, tortured, and continued staring at us in the mirror.
I don't know what happened next. I could have pulled her pants down right there and slipped my dick inside her. I'm sure I could have. She was not resisting me, only herself.
And maybe that's why I didn't. I was not going to take her, even if she wanted me to: I wanted her to give herself to me. Maybe that was the final, impenetrable barrier. We both wanted it so badly, but also felt so guilty that we wouldn't take the final step alone.
If it came to coitus, it had to be both of us giving in completely, and simultaneously. Or maybe that's not even right either. Maybe it just couldn't be giving in at all. Neither of us would do it if it felt like surrender. We should feel triumphant, together.
And so there were those intense moments in the bathroom, but we exited without anything more happening.
She went back to her chores and I went back to my workout, but I was watching her, and she was thinking about me. I just wanted to make Emma cum.
Emma another step. She left the weight room for a while and then returned with the trolley of cleaning equipment. My heart pounded in my ears. Maybe nothing more happened in the bathroom because the bathroom was just not the ideal place. The storage room was a better place. Returning the trolley could take lots of time, with lots of privacy.
There was no rush - she couldn't just return it without at least pretending to have a reason for getting it in the first place. She started cleaning some of the equipment. Slowly. Thinking. Wringing out the cloth as though the falling water fascinated her.
I was excited, but also feeling quite scared. The final line was right there in front of me. In that storage room I would lose myself completely in Emma. I would be powerless to want anything but Emma after that. ... What about my kids? I was scared for my children. I tried not to think about that.
I continued to watch Emma distractedly go about her job. I watched her, and wanted her, and wanted to be with her. And... I just wanted to know Emma more.
I had never asked Emma to be Facebook friends, or Google+ friends, or anything like that. I had searched her out many times, but never sent that friend request. Early on I could have asked without it being a big deal to her, but I guess I didn't because even early on it would have been a big deal to me.
With a strange feeling of apprehension lurking beneath the surface of a powerful urge to know Emma more, I suddenly wanted to ask Emma to be Facebook friends.
I don't use Facebook much, but I wanted to look at all her pictures. Even more so, into the future I wanted to be able to know her forever, even if I were on a different continent.
I came over to her desk and asked if she was on Facebook. The gym had gotten a little busier and there were eyes and ears attending to us now. We had to act like nonchalant acquaintances.
I told her I always wondered what people found if they searched for me, because I didn't know how to work the privacy settings. So, right there, with me standing beside her, she found my Facebook page and sat staring at my profile picture: me and my wife smiling as we spoke to someone off camera, and my wife holding our youngest boy, about a year old at the time.
Emma was struck by it. I was surprised I had done that. Why had I done that? I hadn't really been thinking about what she would see, but some part of me had to know she would see my wife and kid and that under the circumstances, that it would hurt.
And now, as I think it over, again, I have to explain it as the subconscious part of me that was fighting against my cheating. I was blindsided by myself. The part of me that only wanted to do right by my children reached out to my behavior, and said "I need to remind this son of a bitch that he has responsibilities."
Both Emma and I were flustered and that ended our Facebook talk.
We still aren't Facebook friends.
I went back to working out. I was all over the place. Emma was all over the place. We wanted each other so badly, the story fresh in both our minds, and yet even fresher was the reminder that I had a family, fortifying the barrier between us like razor wire.
I went to do cardio and pushed so hard my heart rate hit a new high. I was covered in sweat. I was fighting through the pain. I just wanted to make Emma cum.
WHY!?
Why couldn't I just make Emma cum?!
The clock was ticking. Emma was leaving with her boyfriend to spend two weeks in one of the most romantic cities in the world. We weren't over yet, but we were probably over the moment she left for that trip.
One last day to acknowledge our feelings before she would never acknowledge them again.
She had been cleaning with the trolley of equipment for half an hour, and now stopped. I was ready to go. I came to her desk.
"I guess I won't see you for a couple of weeks."
"That's right."
"Well, I hope you have a good trip."
"Thanks."
It was so painful.
"Are you going to return that trolley to the equipment room now?"
"I was going to, but I'll wait until after you leave."
She wouldn't do it. She was not going to do it. She wanted to so badly but I had made it impossible for her. She had seen the people I was hurting, it reminded her of who she was hurting, and she wouldn't let us hurt any of them anymore. She has been a better-behaved person than me through this entire thing. I love and admire her, but it's irritating.
I left.
I got to the bottom of the stairs, and then I heard the trolley rolling loudly across the floor above me.
I paused. And then I quietly sprinted back up the stairs and caught her at the door to the storage area. She had just pushed the trolley into the room, and she turned to see me coming toward her.
She was not surprised.
I plunged into her, wrapping my arms around her and lifting as I kissed her hard and carried her back through the doorway.
She returned my kiss with equal hunger and lifted her legs around my waist. Our tongues connected. I was ecstatic. I was exactly where I belonged. I kicked the door closed behind me and leaned her back against the wall. I wanted to touch her everywhere, but first, just to hold her up in my arms and kiss her hard.
It was wet, passionate, happy, kissing. All our concerns fell away and it was only us, our bodies pressed together, our consciousness dissolving into celestial music, celebrating being human, celebrating the physical joy we could create together.
And it was private. She pulled my shirt over my head as I continued to hold her up and then she rubbed her hands down my chest, running her nails through my chest hair, massaging the muscle and feeling the firm shape. She looked back up to my eyes, kissed me again on the lips, then on my neck, my shoulders, down to the firm hard flesh below my collarbone, and back to my lips.
She took off her shirt, and quickly her bra as well. Her breasts were gorgeous, completely freed. I leaned my head down and lifted her higher to take a nipple in my mouth. It was already stiff and she moaned as I licked and kissed it, pressing my face into her so that I could feel her other breast against my cheek.
We needed to be naked.
I put her down and she immediately started to pull my shorts off. I kicked off my shoes and at the same time I tried to get her pants down. We struggled around each other's arms for a moment until I decide to let her go first. She practically ripped my shorts and underwear down to my knees and then used her foot to push them the rest of the way down and I stepped out of them.
My cock was so rigid, that it didn't even bend when she pulled my shorts down over it. She looked at it for a second, and put her hand on it, stroking lightly, breathing hard. Then she slipped off her own shoes and pulled the rest of her clothes off.
I barely got a chance to take in the full view of her completely nude before we were back into each other's arms, kissing wildly. My dick was pressed against her belly and she started to lift her leg up onto my hip, climbing onto me. I pick her up again, slowly, with my hands on her ass. I felt her wet slit slide up my shaft, pressed hard against me as I lifted her, until the head of my dick got to the gap between her legs and pushed forward into the space, working itself into her opening.
She was soaked and slippery and her arousal coated the head of my dick. I held her up under her ass, my arms bent but strong, pausing with just half of the head of my dick resting in her hot, wet, outer folds. She moaned loudly and bucked her hips against me, wanting me to lower her, but not yet.
It was heaven.
This was it. We were going to make love.
I wanted to savor every millimeter of contact as I entered her, slowly.
I hesitated for an instant and swallowed. There was no way I could stop this now.
As I tried to lower her down onto me, she hugged my neck hard and kept herself high, and she arched her back to move her middle away from me, dislodging my dick.
Surprised, I put her down. We looked at each other. I shook my head with tears coming to my eyes, begging her wordlessly not to end it here. Not to stop now. God, not now.
It was all in my face and she reacted by squatting down, and taking me into her mouth.
She wouldn't make love to me, but the sadness and fury that caused in me was overtaken immediately by the pleasure of her mouth. I couldn't slow down to care. She had her mouth on me. We were naked. I was in love. I was going to cum with Emma again.
Emma sucked me with everything she had. She pushed through whatever guilt had made her stop, whatever kept her from crossing the final line, and was consoling herself by giving me, once again, an intensely erotic experience that I would never be able to forget.
She pumped my shaft as she tasted the first bit of pre-cum and made cooing sounds. I looked down at her perky breasts bouncing softly with her motion. I looked at her lovely lips wrapped around me. He eyes were closed. I wanted her to open them. I wanted to gaze into those gorgeous eyes. She felt so good.
She looked up at me, and I cried out in bliss.
"Emma, God, I'm going to cum."
She started sucking even more ferociously, and I let go.
She took the first blast into her mouth, but then loosened her lips while tightening her cheeks and tongue around me, squeezing the cum out the corners of her mouth and letting it drip heavily down her chin and drop to her naked chest and legs.
She was moving up and down over the head of my cock, maintaining the friction with her tongue as the second gush filled her mouth again, oozing out to coat my shaft, sliding with her mouth up and down, and continuing to drip from her lips.
She closed her eyes and grasped the base of my dick, pulling me out of her mouth and lowering her face to teasingly lick my testicles with her sloppy, cum-covered tongue. Her teasing my balls encouraged another massive spasm and she stroked out a third, thick, white burst upward to splash into her hair just above her forehead where it immediately began running down the side of her face from her temple to her cheek.
She smiled gleefully as she rubbed my cock against her skin, downward, moving her hand quickly along the slick wet length and pressing the head against her cheek as another surge spurted onto her. She opened her eyes and locked them onto mine, showing me all the desire, excitement, and amusement she felt at surpassing my fantasy once again.
My mouth and eyes were wide as I gazed down at her with complete reverence, taking in every feature, her gorgeous face with her perky breasts jutting out below and her firm thighs lower still. I was still orgasming, both physically and psychologically, blown asunder by the pure sexual abandon that she displayed. I memorized every second of the experience, watching my cum slide down her face, ooze from her lips, and stick to her fingers as she continued to stroke me.
I watched a drip fall from her chin and land directly on her nipple and saw her shiver and squeeze her thighs together, reacting to me seeing it, knowing how much it affected me.
I never really softened, but when my orgasm fully subsided, Emma let go of my dick and smiled lustily up at me. I felt like I was going to collapse, and I almost did, but another need was so relentless. I had to make Emma cum.
I reached down and picked her up, tossing her onto a chest-high stack of gymnastics mats. She landed toward the middle with a thump and a surprised giggle, and I immediate put my hands on her thighs, pulled her ass to the edge, and spread her legs wide. I could feel her eyes on my face as I looked at her sopping wet pussy for a moment, and then I dove in.
She put her hands on my head at first, but then lay back, keeping one hand in my hair but moving the other to her breast. I buried my face into her. I licked her opening and sucked the labia into my mouth. I pressed my whole face in. I pushed my tongue as deep as I could and then licked upward, pressing it flat against her clit and massaging in circles.
She tasted so good. So sweet. I drank her. I sucked her into my mouth. I sucked her clit hard and then returned to her opening to keep drinking her. I wanted her to cum, but I couldn't maintain a rhythm to get her there methodically. I was frantic with longing to taste and eat and lick and suck and push my face into her pussy and drink, in every order, all at the same time.
I had no discipline. Only the need to worship her every way that I could.
I had my hands on either side of her pussy and I was spreading her open, licking deep, and intermittently sucking her clit into my mouth hard. Lying on her back, I saw her move her fingers to her chin, then her mouth, reminding herself that my cum was all over her, tasting me yet again.
The instinct to make my rhythm more consistent - to press my tongue hard and lick upwards across her clit over and over in steady, rough caresses - came to me at the same time that my hard-on returned to full stature. I had cum minutes ago, but I was ready again, rock hard, with my tongue pressing her clit and my fingers dipping inside her.
I raised one hand from the side of her pussy upward to stretch the skin away from her clit, giving it greater contact with my tongue. With the other hand I slid two fingers into her, twisting in the opening, creating friction on all sides.
I pushed in deep with my fingers until her reaction told me I had found her g-spot, and then kept my fingers deep and rubbed the tips back and forth across it. At the same time I kept pressure on her clit with my tongue and began to move in circles, letting her hand in my hair guide the rhythm.
Her orgasm built steadily, like a juggernaut. Like a falling bomb.
I kept up all the pressure everywhere. I exerted myself. I kept pressing hard with my tongue, pushing in hard with my fingers, sucking her, drinking her, feeling her, loving her.
She exploded.
She came hard, with my fingers inside her, with my mouth on her pussy, with my cum on her face, with me in the storage room.
It lasted several minutes. Wave after wave of bliss washed over her, gushing liquid into my mouth, screaming promises into my ears, bucking wildly, pulling my hair, squeezing my head between her thighs, and I didn't stop.
She convulsed, and sighed, and when it was complete, she gently pushed my face away. I looked up at her and smiled, and she looked down at me and smiled, and shook her head in some kind of expression of happy disbelief.
She sat up and held my head in her arms, my cheek pressed against her belly. My cock was hard and aching to be inside her but I knew it was over.
We said some words, but I don't need to repeat them here. They were meaningless in the larger context. It was over, and so we just said some nice things to each other in this distracted way, knowing it was over. Knowing it was over made those words meaningless.
She used my towel to wipe herself off and we both exited the storage room and went our separate ways. We would see each other in two weeks.
In two weeks, things would be different.
***
She came back from Venice and she was more committed. I guess if things had gone badly in Venice I might have still had a chance, but they went extremely well. He was the right man for her. I knew I wasn't, at least not in this life, but it still made me want to cry.
I tried at first, to get it going again. I guess if I have to be honest here, I've tried ever since to get it going again. But the time since I was last with her, and what happened between them during that time solidified it. It was over, and it stayed over for the next two years.
Some parts of us took longer to die than others. We didn't touch, but we talked about things. I told her I loved her a few more times, and at first it affected her so deeply and I would see torment on her face... but then it just seemed to stop affecting her.
She told me she fell into a serious depression for a while.
She didn't say it was because of me, but she told me because it was because of me.
Even so, it seemed more like it was the remorse that caused the depression, rather than the fact that we couldn't be together. She never told me she loved me.
I tried to make her get over the guilt. She would talk about trust and I would talk about passion.
"There's a fine line between trusting a lover, and underestimating the size of their libido."
"You've said that before." She was not impressed.
Ihadsaid it before. I'm so full of shit.
***
I made one last move to try and regain my moments with her. I wrote "A Glorious Tease, Ch. 2." We ended gradually enough that she agreed to read it, though we hadn't touched in a month from when she left for Venice.
I don't really remember what she told me about chapter two. I remember what I thought she would think.
I remember writing the part:
"She had two attractive males competing for her affection. And of course, he was winning, because he was available and I was not. But maybe it was close, and so she had to investigate a little. It seemed only natural to me."
I remember writing that part, and knowing I had lost her.
It was right there, and as sometimes happens, my conscious understanding of myself had to catch up with my subconscious understanding of myself.
I was not available.
I was so in love with Emma, but it could not result in anything other than being over, at some point. I fantasized about leaving my wife and kids for her. I wanted to run off to Thailand and start a new life with her, naked on the beach,misbehaving for days.
But I never let myself think about a real future. I wanted to be with her forever, I loved her like Icouldbe with her forever, but I was always ignoring the fact that I couldn't.
The reality was that we couldn't be, because I couldn't be the same person if I left my wife and kids. I would be broken. I would be a shell of a man, overcome by remorse for the pain I caused my kids, and the mother of my children. I would be so, so broken. Emma couldn't go through that with me. I couldn't be worthy of Emma if I left my family. There is no use trying to bargain with reality.
And so I finally understood that Emma knew we couldn't be, and that she had the strength to end it because it would only be more painful the longer it went on. She read chapter 2, and said nothing memorable to me about it except that she liked it. And it did not provoke her to try and find me alone in the bathroom again.
She was over me.
***
Pain is a great teacher - I'm sure someone famous must have said that before. Eventually I understood what an asshole I am. How full of shit I am. But I never felt as bad as Emma felt. I'm just not that good. I've been a very good person at times in my life, and I've been a very bad person at various times in my life. During the time that I knew Emma, I was a little bit of both, but still more good than bad. I like that best. Not all good. I likea little trouble in my neighborhood.
When I'm mostly good, I do feel bad about being bad. I had a key realization that made me want to be a little bit of a better person. I realized that my best excuse for cheating, that I was committed to my marriage in ways that were more important to a mature marriage than sex, was bullshit. If Emma had only been about sex, it would have been true. But I loved Emma. The love was an accident, but nonetheless, it was betraying the most important commitment to marriage that there is. I had no excuse.
It's funny that it could go either way. For some, the fact that it was love could justify pursuing it, whereas for others, the fact that it was love should force them to stop. I am not really sure which kind of person Emma is: whether the fact that I loved her made it better or worse. Was my confession of love the wake-up call to her that she was falling for me and had to end it right away, or did the love make it last longer, and go further?
I know it was wrong, and in the end it hurt a lot, but I would do it all again with her. Maybe you think it means I haven't learned my lesson. Maybe it's just that the lesson was worth it.
***
It wasn't until I switched my focus from re-starting my affair with Emma, to re-establishing our friendship that I felt the full fury of being rejected.
The experience in the storage room had been two months before, and we hadn't touched since. Any flirtation or open discussion about our feelings for each other had declined steadily, and for the last week she had not only stopped smiling when I arrived at the gym, she had started frowning.
Frowning, every time she saw me. It went on for months.
Eventually, I confronted her. Actually, it was more of a counter attack. I had come to the gym on an off day, at an irregular time, because it coincided with her shift.
Just to see her. I just wanted to make Emma cum.
She was angry to see me, and asked me why I had come. And she was even angrier at my answer.
"I wanted to see you. I understand that it's over, but I still love seeing you."
"I hate seeing you." She said it with venom in her voice. How could she hurt me like that?
She saw the look on my face and qualified.
"I hate seeing you because it just reminds me of what I've done. I hate what I've done."
It hurt only slightly less than her hating me. Every kiss, every touch, every incredibly erotic thing that happened... Could she really wish she had never experienced any of it?
"I don't regret anything."
"I do."
Her regret made me furious. To deny herself the pleasure of remembering our first kiss fondly. To wish that even just THAT had not ever happened. I felt like she wished I had never been alive.
I left hating her. She was so unreasonable. She had been a little unfaithful to a guy she wasn't even married to, didn't even live with, who had broken up with her only a few months before, briefly, because he wasn't sure if he was ready to commit... and it made her hate me. And I loved her.
I knew we couldn't be together and so it was best not to go any further. I wanted to, but I accepted that we couldn't. But I couldn't live with her hating the sight of me.
However, I couldn't really do anything about it either.
***
I just kept coming to the gym. I just kept loving her. I just kept wanting to make Emma cum.
Months went by and the fury burned inside me. Simultaneous joy at seeing her, and fury that she hated seeing me. I continued on, not trying anything. Just trying to be friends. Before everything, I had loved her friendship and I just wanted that back.
But she would not be friends. She ignored me. She kept on frowning, every time I came to the gym.
It hurt so much.
Every time.
***
I started writing again. Angry writing. I couldn't finish anything. I wanted to write something to hurt her. I wanted to write something that would make her feel as hopeless as I felt. To make her want in futility. To make her desperate to have something that she couldn't have, just like I could not have her. She had taken herself away from me, and in revenge I wanted to dangle something in front of her, to introduce a desire in her that could never be fulfilled.
But I couldn't, yet. Everything hurt too much. I couldn't write about her.
I had dried up, in my fury.
I felt like a coward. I felt like I was failing to face something important. I struggled with my anger. I knew she didn't deserve it.
And I needed to write about her again. I needed to remember it all. What if I forgot something? What if I forgot her real name? I did not want to forget anything about her. There were so many moments I never wanted to forget.
Like that time, early on, before I had ever sent her any writing, before we even had that first kiss. I was leaving the gym and she was standing beside the counter at the main entrance, talking to her colleagues. The counter was about chest high, and she was on my side of the counter as I walked past her, with her colleagues on the other side. She looked at me as I walked past her, and I saw all this physical affection in her eyes and it emboldened me.
As I walked past, right in front of her colleagues, who were oblivious because of the height of the counter, I slipped my hand along her belly. A caress. A statement of intimacy. An overwhelming need to touch her accompanied by the knowledge that I could. Brief but not rushed. It was the most confident action I have ever taken with a woman I was not already involved with. I love who I was at that moment.
I won't forget it.
***
I let go of the anger and let my love drive my writing again. It hurt, but it also felt good. Eventually I finished chapter 3 of "A Glorious Tease". It wasn't a seduction this time. It wasn't even really for her. It was for me. It was a way to relive it, to memorize it; a way to glorify it. I never told her about chapter 3.
At one point early on, chapter 3 held the number 1 spot on the Literocita.com "Erotic Couplings" category all-time list. I was very proud. But I never told her. It felt so important that my tribute to Emma and I was so appreciated, but I never told her. I wanted her to know, but I never told her. My silence was my commitment to friendship, my commitment to the idea that if we could just be friends, I would never try to seduce her again.
But she didn't know that, or if she did, she never let me know she knew about chapter 3. She just kept pushing me away. She kept frowning at me, unhappy to see me. Fine. No deal.
***
One day I would leave the Netherlands, and I would tell her about chapter 3.
The future made it hurt even more. One day I would leave the Netherlands. Would she be happy to see me go? I fantasized about one last kiss. About a thaw between us. That when I was going to be out of her life forever, she might share herself with me for just a last little while before I left.
That she might admit she knew about chapter 3. That she might kiss me goodbye. That we might have a walk together in the sun. A moment. I imagined everything from three Dutch kisses to an afternoon in a hotel room. I tortured myself. I made fun of myself. One last teasing game of flashing. A goodbye present that was just letting me kiss her nipple, or a 3 second dick squeeze. Everything, anything. I loved her.
But into the future, she frowned and frowned and frowned.
***
December came more months later. It had been over a year since anything had happened between us, and I continued to see her four mornings a week that whole time, always smiling at her, always happy to see her, always well-behaved, and always only secretly wanting to make her cum. It was Christmas and so much time had passed.
She had begun to soften just slightly. She was still always frowning at me, but she would talk to me now, a little bit, about fitness, about general stuff, about nothing. But it was important to me because every once in a while I could get her to crack a smile. Getting her to smile when she was always frowning was almost as good as making her cum.
That slight softening gave me hope. It was December 23, and we would not see each other during vacation time. I came to her desk to say goodbye.
"Can we have a Christmas hug?"
"No."
No hug for me. I loved her.
No hug for me. I just wanted to be friends again.
No hug for me.
She wouldn't even hug me. I still had so much I wanted to say, but only three things that I could say right then.
"Ok then, Merry Christmas."
She nodded.
"Happy New Year."
She nodded again.
"Fuck you."
She smiled.
And that was it.
Epilogue
Another year later, my time in Amsterdam was ending. We did eventually become friends again, once you knew I was definitely leaving. The flirtation never fully returned but there were flashes of it here and there... I had one week left of knowing you, and you told me where and when you were going to be naked.
It was said in passing, trying to appear off-hand, natural, but it was information you wanted me to have. And to use. You were going to try out a new sauna, just a few blocks from the gym. We had talked about how saunas are coed and naked in the Netherlands, something I found so provocative. Everyone claimed it was not sexual, but then, there you were wanting me in that sauna with you...
But you told me you were going to the sauna with your boyfriend. Was it a challenge? A dare? I knew you wanted me to show up, but I couldn't acknowledge that I knew you. This wasn't a chance for us to be alone together, it was just one last chance to be naked together. And you wanted to see if I would grow for you, there in that sauna, with other strangers right next to me.
You and your boyfriend were already there when I came in. The smell of damp, warm cedar wood filled my nose and a blast of steam rushed out against my face as I opened the door. I was so tuned to you that I knew you were in the room without even seeing you clearly - in my peripheral vision on the lower bench to my right, sitting naked beside a naked man, steam swirling around you.
The sauna had benches at three heights, on three sides of the room with the heater beside the entrance. My breath caught in my throat as I looked at your boyfriend, briefly, then at you even more briefly, trying not to show recognition.
You sat on your towel, leaning back a bit to rest your elbows on the elevated bench behind you, with just a little distance between you and your boyfriend to let the hot air circulate. Your shoulders were pulled back a bit, raising your breasts to rest softly on your chest, rising and falling with your deep, already quickening breaths. Your quick intake of air when I came in made it clear how excited and pleased you were that I came, but I don't think your boyfriend noticed.
I had to look away. I was already swelling under my towel, and now as my eyes searched out a place to sit, I noticed that there were two other people sitting together on the top bench of the wall facing the door.
They were girls in their mid-twenties just chatting in the sauna, naked. They were good looking, and I could tell they noticed me come in. I could tell they expected me to spend the next twenty minutes trying to look at them without being obvious. But they were noticeable to me only because of the fact that they were on that one side, and that made it all the more natural for me to sit right across from you.
I sat down on the lowest bench and unwrapped my towel, laying it out underneath me. My dick was engorged, but not standing straight up yet, which just made me look really large, rather than really horny. I took a deep breath, and tried to will it not to get any harder.
I was confident. I looked good. I was as fit as ever, and tanned from two weeks surfing in southwestern France. My abdominal muscles were tight in nervous exhilaration.
My eyes came back to you and you held them. Your boyfriend's eyes were closed for a moment, and you knew it. You knew you could tease in secret at that moment. And you gave me the smallest smile, and shifted your legs, just to draw my eyes down to your naked slit, shaven and exposed, blushing in the heat.
I started to get bigger, and looked away. One of the other girls lost her train of thought in her conversation. Had she noticed that bit of play between us? Was she wondering what your story was, or was it just my swollen dick that gave her pause?
You say something in Dutch to your boyfriend and he mumbles something back, opening his eyes. You turn to each other for a quick kiss on the lips, but your lips are wet and open and the kiss has more hunger than he expected. You rest your hand on his thigh and he looks at you in surprise, a startled build-up of arousal beginning in him.
He looks around and I avoid his eyes, pretending I'm more preoccupied with trying not to stare at the other girls. You tickle his thigh a bit, trailing your fingers up and down lightly, close to his penis. And you kiss him again, this time playfully on his neck as he surveys the room.
He says something quietly, I can hear the question mark in his tone, and I can hear his arousal. You whisper something back, making him raise his eyebrows and smile. He swallows nervously, and you go on tickling his leg.
It's driving me crazy. I want to be over there, across the distance between us, with you. I want to be that close to you. I want you to be touching me, and kissing me. I'm jealous, but I know that you're doing some of this for me.
You're seducing me.
You're seducing us both.
The chatter from the other two girls gets more halting, and a little louder and more forced. They want to be able to ignore the three of us, but they can't. Because my dick is swelling and straining toward you, and your boyfriend's is growing too, as you let your fingertips get closer and closer with every caress to where his penis rests against his inner thigh.
Your legs are open just slightly beyond the mark that would be considered within the boundaries of appropriate in a public sauna, and I can see you are wet. Your labia are opening on their own, pink and slippery. My eyes lift from your pussy to meet your gaze again, just as your boyfriend sighs and leans in to kiss your shoulder affectionately. You smile at me, his lips on your skin.
He's not sure what is happening, but he likes what you're doing. You have a sly smile on your face, coy and naughty. You open your mouth to pant out a hot breath of passion, keeping your eyes connected to mine as long as you can before your boyfriend looks to your face and speaks again.
I know he says something harmless. Something meant to placate the other people in the sauna, to show you're are just a normal couple, a little affectionate today, but not about to do something crazy. He may have been suggesting you leave soon, but I don't know. I wish he would leave me with you. I'd get as close to you as possible. I'd send the other girls away.
And then you send the other girls away.
Not with words; you send them away with action: you take it farther with your boyfriend. You let the backs of your fingers stroke down the length of his semi-erect cock, and he jumps in surprise and you giggle, and it's enough to send the other girls out the door. They think you are a slut, but who cares? They're mostly pissed that neither man in the room gave them any hint of attention.
It was all about you.
And now your boyfriend is really not sure what is happening. Because you've been so brazen, and I'm still there, and he looks at me as you brush against his penis again, and I pretend I'm not watching you, but he sees my dick, and he knows that what you are doing is turning me on.
His posture changes, and his face hardens a bit, as he begins to feel he doesn't like the situation, but just before he speaks you give him a hot wet kiss again, and wrap your fingers firmly around his penis, stroking him slowly.
You communicate so much sensuality with that kiss. He is seduced. Maybe he would never allow this to happen on an ordinary day, but today he succumbs. Your desire burns so hot and he can't deny it, he has to see where it leads, and so he kisses you back, and puts his hand on your thigh, and now you are making out, naked, in front of me.
Your kiss breaks and he moans. You keep stroking him, and he lowers his head to kiss your neck, eyes closed, unable to believe how you've taken control of him. Your head tilts back to give him better access to your neck, and your eyes meet mine again. You want to smile at me but you're too turned on now, all your face can communicate is the overpowering arousal, the lust for both of us.
My cock is fully hard and straining and I can't help but grasp it, stroking as I watch you getting kissed, watch your hand on his dick, watch you watch me, naked. Your eyes go to my cock and you whimper slightly. You want it all, so badly. You can't wait anymore. You grab your boyfriend by either side of the face and bring his lips back to yours, kissing him with all that insistent sexuality. He is shaking with the potency of it.
You turn into him, kissing his neck, his chest, his nipple, lowering down his body, turning your beautiful ass to me as you bend to lick and nibble down his belly. He looks at me, for a second, seeing my hand on my hard cock. His last bit of will to resist the situation wells up into his eyes and then disappears completely as your mouth covers his cock. He moans deeply, his head falling backward and his eyes closing.
I watch your ass sway as you move your mouth up and down on his cock. Your slit is open and oozing sex. I can hear the slurping sounds as you relish the feel and taste of his cock in your mouth, with me watching, naked and aching hard for you. He is moaning and twitching. It's the most incredible blowjob he's ever had in his life, and he'll do anything now, to cum.
You pause and take your mouth off of him, turning your head to rest your cheek against his belly with his cock pressed against your lips, and you look back at me. I'm transfixed and trembling, stroking my dick firmly, unbearable carnal eagerness on my face. He looks at me, and then looks down at you. you raise up to look him in the eyes. There is a pause, as you communicate silently, and then he nods. You look back at me again, and pat the bench beside your boyfriend, calling me over with your eyes.
I move forward, towards you, stroking slowly. He watches me warily for a second, but you suck his dick back into your mouth and he moans. I sit down beside him, where you had patted the bench, and watch you work his cock with your mouth.
And maybe it would only ever happen once in a million years, but today he's letting it happen, and it turns him on, to see you so crazy for cock, and his orgasm builds to the point where you have to stop sucking him or he will climax. So you lift off him, look him in the eyes, and put your hand on my upper thigh, grazing my testicles as they rise and falls with my stroking.
He swallows. I let go of my cock. You rub your palm upward on my thigh to my stomach, brushing against my pubic hair, and then down, and you wrap your hand around me and start stroking lightly. He doesn't move. He watches you. You kiss the head of his dick and he moans, closing his eyes tight again. You know you can do anything you want.
You shift your weight up, your breast pressing against his inner thing as you lean over it to bring your face toward my cock. I smell the same as I smell every day at the gym. You love my smell. It's different from his, you love both scents. His hand goes to your back, rubbing your shoulder. His other hand goes to his dick, squeezing it, so turned on, watching you as you take my dick in your mouth.
I put my hands on your head. You feel so good, and you are so naked and slippery everywhere from the sauna, and I'm overcome by your power. That raging inferno of sexual appetite that I have always sensed in you is blazing so hot. He and I both want to feed the blaze. We want to unleash all of it.
You feel me pulse in your mouth and I let out a low whimper, so you stop and shift backwards away from both of us, sitting on your heels in front of us, taking it all in. Two naked, hard cocks, two adoring men. Two men overwhelmed with desire for you. You move around his thigh to kneel exactly between us, and hold a cock in each hand, stroking slowly, looking at one cock and then the other.
We both reach for you at the same time, our hands coming to your face but you duck away and start sucking his dick again. His hands go to your head but you rise off him after only a minute and turn to suck me into your mouth again. One after the other, relishing the variety, relishing the bounty.
I stand up, and he stands up as well. This is a fantasy for all of us. You're kneeling between us with a cock in each hand and we are both reaching down to you, wrapping our hands in your hair, pulling you back and forth between us. You suck each of us deep. He wraps your hair up in his hand and twists a little, giving just a hint of pain, and you shiver. I pull you back onto my cock and your eyes roll back in your head. We are getting savage. And it is intoxicating.
You need to feel a cock inside you, and your try to stand, but he and I are enjoying your mouth so much. Your will brought us here, but three wills control it moving forward, and we love seeing you moving back and forth between us, drunk on cock. Drooling for cock.
But more than anything we want you to cum. So a few more moments and then he sits back down as you suck me, and he reaches under to feel how wet you are. My cock is in your mouth deep and his fingers slide from behind, past your slit to rub your clit. You're soaked and he grunts. He can't wait any longer. He pulls your hips upward and toward him, and we turn so that you can sit back on his dick, bending at the waist to keep my cock in your mouth.
You start to bounce. He feels so good. And you are so turned on, it's better than it has ever been before with him. He reaches around to massage your breasts as he fucks you, as you suck me. My cock is in your mouth and my hands are in your hair but I'm not forcing you down onto me, I'm hugging your face against my abdominal muscles, holding you, embracing you, loving the feeling of your cheek pressed against my lower belly as you try to lick and suck as much of me as you can, and I thrust gently into you.
You're so hot. You're getting fucked and loving it and his hands are on your tits as you slurp and sock and slobber all over my dick with complete abandon, so turned on, so horny, it's going to make me cum, so I pull you off of me.
Your face is in my hands, looking up at me, and you continue to ride his cock up and down. I pull your mouth to mine and kiss you hungrily. He watches us kiss, so turned on by your open need for both men.
I push you back so that you are leaning against his chest as he fucks you. I put my hand on his one hand, moving it away from your breast to your clitoris, so that I have the space to suck your nipple into my mouth. He kisses your neck. I bring my hand back to your breast, massaging it as I suck the nipple. I use my other hand to stroke your thigh. You put one hand on my shoulder as you bounce on his cock, you reach forward to feel my erection with the other.
Fucking and stroking and moaning. Four hands on you. Two mouths. Two penises. Two men who love you, who are completely dedicated to your pleasure.
More, I want to do more for you. I kiss down your body, moving both hands to your thighs. His hand leaves your clitoris and goes back to your breast. Your pussy is open and getting fucked right in front of my face. Your clit is engorged and exposed. I would never let my face be so close to another man's cock, except for you.
I imagine how good it would feel for you, to have one man fuck you while another licked your clitoris. I don't care about anything else except making it that good for you, so I ignore the cock working in and out of you, pull your thighs wider on his lap, and suck your clit into my mouth.
For the briefest moment he's uncomfortable about me being down there, but your reaction chases all his discomfort away. You groan loudly and shake and start to cum as you grind hard down onto him, taking him deep as I flick my tongue across your clit, all the while keeping it sucked tightly into my mouth.
You wail and gush and scream and squirt over and over and over. He twists your nipples and bites your neck. You hold my head and pull my hair. I rub your thighs and lick hard and mercilessly on your clit until the post-orgasm sensitivity makes it too intense, and I still keep going, causing you to spasm and convulse and scream some more, before he loses it himself and I rise to kiss your lips as he cums into you.
You feel his cum coat the inside of your vagina. You feel every heavy spurt. You kiss me and grab my shoulders, squeezing the muscles as your orgasm comes back, gently, never ending.
When he is spent and falls soft from your pussy, you are satisfied and glowing, but still wanting more. I'm rock hard in front of you. I stand up and hug you to me, pulling you off his lap. I kiss your lips and cup your ass. You put your arms around my neck.
I kiss you so passionately.
I love you, and you know it. It's the only secret. We are together now, for this time, and he knows it, he wants it, he only doesn't know how we feel about each other, and that is a secret that we are all entitled to keep.
You kiss me back with the same passion. I know you love me. I'm going to make you cum so hard...
I lift you up and thrust into you.
Finally.
My eyes roll back in my head. You are so tight for me but we fit so perfectly. That slippery squeeze; that delightful paradox of slick friction.
I put my arms around your waist, pulling you close to me and letting my cock hold your weight deep. You grind your pelvis forward into me, and our tongues push and taste and play with each other.
He stands up behind you. He wants you to keep cumming. He puts his hands on your ass, helping to hold you up, and leans forward into you, squeezing your body between two men. He kisses your neck and then your cheek and further forward until you break your kiss with me to turn your head and kiss his lips. I kiss your neck and the tops of your breasts, and then come back up to have another turn with your lips.
I start to raise you up and down faster, and he picks up my rhythm, lifting you with me, giving me the leverage to thrust in as deep as possible. You kiss back and forth between us. Our hands are everywhere. It's so hot in the sauna. He's hard again and you can feel his solid shaft pressed in the crevice of your ass, as I pump in and out of your pussy.
I hold you down deep inside you, moving my hips just slightly, feeling the end of my dick rub the back wall of your vagina. I found your g-spot. You're so wet your dripping out around me. I push in hard. He reaches around to rub across your clit. I'm going to cum. You're going to cum again.
With everything I have left, I find a perfectly paced, hard rhythm, deep inside you, pushing into you everywhere, sending vibrations through you, making you howl with every thrust. I cry out, grunting and moaning and violently fucking you so hard and he is there with you, wanting it all for you, kissing and murmuring and loving you like I love you. And as you feel the first blast of my orgasm join with his inside you, hot and strong, filling you, you reach the greatest threshold you ever experienced in your life.
And you cum, and you cum, and you cum.
And you cum, and you cum and you cum
And you cum.
And you cum.
And I made Heleen cum one more time.