I had been working as at a local law firm in my home town for four years before I got the attention of the main office, it turned out one of the higher-ups had been searching for a new manager to promote, and I more than met the requirements; one month later I arrived in New York to take up my new position.
I had lined up a possible apartment I could live in, the rent was cheap because there was supposedly a ghost haunting the place. The last few people to stay there had reported strange sounds and many sleepless nights, and all of the men who stayed had left after their wives, girlfriends and daughters had become isolated and unfriendly toward them. I didn't believe in ghosts, and the place was gorgeous, so I decided to move in that very day.
After I had finished moving all of my furniture to the new place, I decided to have a closer look at the spare bedroom, as in all the hustle and bustle I hadn't got a chance to check out what the last tenant had apparently left behind. Inside were a few boxes of old winter clothing and a pile of moldy books, but most interesting was an old painting covered by a dirty sheet lying against the wall. I lifted the sheet to get a look then upon seeing it promptly held my breath in shock.
The painting depicted an older woman lying back on a large bed with what looked like another woman underneath her flowing dress. I had been raised in a strict catholic upbringing and although I was no angel I had never seen art anything like this before. The work was signed with the name Jessica Balee, and I didn't recall the manager mentioning anyone by that name (not that he mentioned many other names either) so I was clueless to what this was doing here.
Before I could spend too much time examining the painting my mobile phone began to vibrate, so I rushed back into the living room leaving the door ajar.
"Hey Maria" said the voice on the phone "It's me, Paul"
Paul was the boyfriend I had to leave back in town when I moved out. He didn't like the idea of a long distance relationship, but I couldn't pass up the position I was offered.
"Hey Paul, glad to hear from you"
"I miss you bad. So hows the new place?" inquired Paul
"It's fine" I answered "The view is amazing, and I didn't even have to bring a sofa or bed, they were already provided"
"That's nice" Paul then lowered his voice and said "so... what are you wearing?"
"Sorry, I'm not in the mood right now, I'm pretty tired after the long trip"
"I suppose that's cool, I guess I could let you sleep" he said, clearly disappointed "I'll try and call you again tomorrow after work"
"Try? Paul!"
"Sorry, I meant I definitely will. Hear from you tomorrow babe"
I disconnected and threw the phone onto the nearby coffee table, a little annoyed by him calling me 'babe'. I decided to hope into the shower for a quick wash to help keep my mind at ease. After the shower the apartment was a little cold, so I slipped into my little black negligee and curled up beneath the thick covers of my bed for a well deserved rest.
Just after midnight (according to my alarm clock) I found myself awake once more with no idea why. The room was even colder than when I dozed off, but my sheets and such should have negated that; however it appeared that the covers had slipped down to below my bust line, leaving the top half of me exposed to the elements.
I groggily pulled them back up to my neck and was just drifting off once more when I felt the sheets begin to slide over my body towards the bottom of the bed. I far was too scared to move or make a sound so I just lay there while the covers collapsed off the end of the bed, leaving me shivering in my sheer sleep-ware. Then things got even stranger as my negligee slid up until it was bunched around my breasts.
"What the fuck...?" I began when I felt what was obviously a soft pair of lips kissing my feet, scaring me but secretly turning me on just a little. I looked as hard as I could but there was clearly no-one there. As I lay wondering what was happening to me, the lips continued kissing, but slowly began to move up along my legs until they were working on the inside of my thighs.
The kisses stopped momentarily, then my underwear moved down my legs until they were wrapped around my feet. At this point I was pretty turned on, as evidenced by my rock hard nipples (though the cold helped with that a little). I was about to reach over and tease one when the kisses started up again, and after a few seconds the unknown lips were on my pussy. My soft pink lips parted slightly as a tongue came out and started to massage me down below.
"Oh... oh wow" I moaned out loud.
The talented tongue worked on my pussy lips for a few wonderful minutes then, to my disappointment, the pleasure cut off. I was just considering begging for more when I felt hot breath directly on my clitoris, followed shortly by an intense suckling sensation there. In no time at all I was moaning and writhing around on my silk sheet while my nails dug into the top of the mattress. The pleasure was overwhelming me and after what felt like mere seconds I had the most powerful climax of my life.
I used my willpower to keep myself awake as the pleasure slowly oozed away, but whomever had pleasured me was apparently done so I drifted off into a deep, peaceful sleep.
I awoke at eight the next morning to the annoying sound of my alarm clock going off. Normally I would have woken up at least an hour before that, but that morning I was feeling physically drained, just after the nights I stayed up until late having sex. I knew that wasn't what had happened because my boyfriend was several states away, but I still couldn't clearly remember what had happened last night.
Unluckily for me I didn't have time to lay around and ponder this or I would be have been late to my first day at my new job, so I assumed It had just been a restless night and possibly a very erotic dream. I dragged myself out of bed and stripped off to hop into a nice warm shower for a quick wash.
As I was soaping up my breasts I began to recollect some of the previous nights event (in particular the expert cunnilingus session) so I decided that it had obviously been a wonderful dream, and I wasn't particularly afraid. I was however very turned on. I spent a lot longer than usual working on my breasts, the nipples in particular, and by the time I got to my cute little belly button I was soaking wet in more ways than one.
I admit freely that all thought of getting to work on time was abandoned the moment my fingers met my pussy lips, and I spend a good long time massaging myself and softly flicking at my clitoris. I must have had at least five shuddering orgasms while enjoying myself in the shower, and in retrospect it was pretty surprising that my neighbours weren't alarmed by all of my passionate screams. By the time I did get out of the shower my legs were shaking and my knees were weak, but I was so satisfied I didn't even particularly notice or care.
I took the train rather than a taxi to get to my office, and although I was almost late due to my shower playtime, no-one noticed anything strange. As I was new to my fellow employees I had dressed conservatively, the top of my breasts were barely visible, but the bottom of the work dress reached almost to the floor. This didn't stop me from wearing a pair of sheer lace panties and a very alluring bra however, as I wanted to feel at least a little sexy.
After a few minutes of introductions hours of mind-numbing busywork, just before lunch I received a notice from my secretary informing me that one of my underlings had arrived over an hour late this morning and that as her new boss I would have to make a show of disciplining this woman. I gave my secretary her orders and ten minutes after lunch had finished I received a second notice from my secretary, followed by a timid knock on my office door.
"Come in and take a seat Miss Marley" I called out to my unlucky visitor.
The door opened and a cute redheaded girl no older that nineteen entered with her eyes firmly on the floor. She was wearing a tight red dress with a hemline just barely keeping her panties from view, and the top so low cut that the edge of her areolae were just barely showing. As per my request she took a seat just in front of my desk, while I myself stayed seated firmly in my own.
"Do you know why you are here?" I asked her softly. The young girl, silently nodded, so I continued.
"I'm new here, Kairi, but I've been informed that up until today you have been a model employee..."
She was listening, but I noticed that her legs were crossed tightly and were vibrating slightly, she also seemed to be having trouble controlling her breathing. I automatically assumed that she was very nervous to be in this position, and this made me feel terrible having to hound her any further. I decided I wouldn't be able to face her in this condition, so I rose from my desk and walked over to look out of the window while I continued.
"I don't want you to be too worried. So I won't embellish on the official word..." I could hear her now, and it sounded like she was either whimpering or moaning quietly, and I wouldn't take much of that. I quickly opened my mouth to speak again, when I felt a sudden downward tug on my panties. Surprised, I stole a glance over my shoulder, but little Kairi was still in her chair, now looking very uncomfortable indeed, so I dismissed it as my imagination.
"Company policy states..." I began, when all of a sudden my underwear was savagely pulled all the way to the floor. I was so shocked that I froze for a full second, then continued standing there while I decided what I would have do. Luckily my legs and feet were still hidden by the desk, so in one swift movement I stepped away from my panties and sat back down. I understood that things could probably only get worse with Kairi around, so I needed to get her out of there, and quick!
"You have a good record" I blurted out while frantically brushing a loose hair from the front of my face "so I think I can overlook this one mistake"
Now I felt something warm, soft and wet lathering my pussy lips; I knew I wouldn't be able to take much of this without making some unfortunate sounds. "Th-that's it" I stuttered "You can g-go now miss Marley"
She was in such a hurry to leave the room that she didn't stop to thank me for my lenience, but by then I was receiving an amazing tongue lashing from the unseen mouth, so I didn't even notice. As soon as the office door closed, I let out a long low moan and slid back in my chair, blissfully ignorant to the rest of the world. The tongue was everywhere at once, especially in the case of my clitoris, and in response I unbuttoned my top and began pinching and playing with my nipples to enhance the experience.
I didn't at all understand what was happening to me, all I could feel was my fiery pussy and the pleasure now radiating from it. Soon I was quivering wildly in my chair, my legs spread as far apart as the desk would allow; I knew I couldn't last much longer.
The end came sooner than expected when the talented tongue suddenly focused directly on my love button and almost doubled the speed it was moving. I only just covered my mouth in time to hold back a scream as I climaxed. As I sat there, panting madly and absolutely soaked in sweat I took a quick glance at the clock on my laptop, and realised with a shock that I had been receiving cunnilingus for almost an hour.
As I stood to retrieve my lost panties I also noticed a small wet patch on the chair that Kairi had occupied, and wondered to myself what the hell was happening around me.
I worked as late as I could that day, secretly hoping that whatever happened to me would repeat itself, but nothing unusual happened between the erotic incident and the arrival of the night cleaners. The orgasm had been amazing, but I was left wanting, and while on the train home I kept playing with my nipples anytime I thought I was unnoticed.
I burst through the front door to the apartment with half a mind to head straight to my bedroom and get myself off all night long, but on my way I remembered the painting in the spare room and the story the landlord had told me, and I knew that I had to look again. The painting was in exactly the same condition I had left it in, but I was now a lot more interested by its content.
I could clearly make out the erect nipples on the older woman pushing at the fabric of her dress and the beads of sweat pouring down her pretty face. Although I couldn't make out much much of the younger woman hiding beneath the flowing skirt, I had the intense feeling that she was important to me somehow. The feeling coming from my pussy was becoming overwhelming however, so I turned away from the erotic painting and toward the door, but what I encountered removed all thought of leaving from my mind.
In the doorway stood a breathtakingly beautiful blond-haired woman wearing a classic Victorian dress, but there were a few irregularities. First of all her breasts were practically falling out of her extremely low cut top, and secondly I could clearly see through her translucent body.
"Hello Maria" the ghostly woman softly said to me "I've been waiting for you to meet me. My name is Jessica, and this is my apartment"
"Oh god" I moaned
"Don't be afraid" she continued "as you may or may not have realised, I don't torment women. Only men"
I knew I wasn't attracted to women, especially female ghosts, but I was completely soaking my panties while looking at this amazing beauty. I just managed to hold back a moan of desire.
"With men, I only provide scares and other even worse surprises" the ghost cooed "but whenever I encounter a sexy woman, I have no choice but to give her the greatest pleasure I possibly can.
"The last time I really enjoyed a woman was just over ten years ago. A young man and his blushing bride moved into this very apartment, and I knew right away what I had to do to her. To the young man I remained and invisible yet slightly unnerving presence, but to his attractive young wife... I was with her during her every waking moment, and sometimes while she slept, and I used my mouth constantly to please her whenever and wherever I wanted.
"Now, I've decided I'm going to do the same to you"
"No!" I called back "I'm not a lesbian, this can't be happening, you have to leave me alone!"
"I don't think so Maria. You've entered my personal space, and now you are mine" Without a sound the sexy spirit glided forward and knelt just in front of me. I told myself that I wanted to resist, but my body betrayed me and I stood as still as I possibly could, daring not even to breath loudly. The front of my long dress suddenly lifted into the air until my legs were completely visible to the ghost.
Without any movement from either of us, my soaked lacy panties slid down my legs and bunched up uselessly around my feet, and just like that my privacy was completely exposed to the haunting vixen kneeling in front of me.
She shifted until I felt her breath on my womanhood, then asked seductively "Well, what will it be?"
"Don't do it... please..." I managed to whimper in response.
"Sorry Maria"
Her little red tongue slowly, ever so slowly, slip out off her mouth until it was in contact with my pussy, then moved up and down along my slit while my breathing quickened and my heart raced.
"Oh god... stop"
The floating lower half of my dress hid the nimble spirit from view, but I could feel every soft movement of her tongue, and when her hands applied pressure to my thighs I reluctantly spread my legs apart to allow Jessica even greater access. After what felt like hours of her caressing my lower lips she began to use her tongue to flick my clitoris methodically, moving back and forth over it more times than I could count.
I was moaning like a whore, and I decided to go ahead and unbutton the top of my dress to remove my bra, but before I could begin to play with my breasts, what felt like two more tongues began working my nipples. That was just too much for me in my fragile condition and I came on the spot, splashing Jessica's face with my cum (or maybe not considering what she was).
She didn't slow down even for a second; soon my orgasms were coming in waves, until I felt like I was having one continuous orgasm, and finally I passed out on the spot. As my body hit the floor I heard Jessica whisper in my ear
"I'll see you again tomorrow, Maria"
I woke up just after one in the morning, nude and in bed with my dress and underwear balled up on the floor next to the bed. I was feeling very refreshed considering the circumstances, and quickly came up with a plan. I figured that since Jessica had said she would see me the today, I might be able to get up extra early and spend some time alone, hopefully without any unexpected adventures.
It was obviously still very dark in the apartment and pretty damn quiet, so I left the lights off while I slipped into a figure hugging yellow sundress and grabbed my keys. When I got down to street level there was almost no-one around and very little traffic on the street, so I decided to walk rather than find a cab. After a few blocks I came across a small cinema that looked like it wouldn't get many customers at this time of night, and I decided on the spot to see a movie by myself.
I didn't pay too much attention to the title of the film. Inside the lights was still up, so I took my time finding a clean seat in one of the rows near the back and sat down to inspect my newly purchased ticket. According to my ticket stub the film was titled 'The love of a woman'. Kind of appropriate, I thought to myself with a little giggle.
At that very moment the lights dimmed down and the pre-film advertisements began, so I let my head loll back on the seat and closed my eyes while I waited for the main feature to begin. When the opening title music began I opened my eyes, and that's when I noticed the young woman sitting about four spaces to my right. She was a stunning redhead, probably just over twenty years old, wearing a red tube top and a short black skirt. She noticed me looking at her and flashed a quick grin in my direction, so I snapped my head back towards the screen and tried to pay attention.
From what I could gather the film was about a happily married couple with their children moving into a new house. The husband was away on business a lot so they hired a hot young maid to help keep the house operating smoothly. In short order the maid had seduced the wife and a steamy sex scene soon began began between the two. The maid was in the middle of a very enthusiastic breast licking when I noticed out of the corner of my eye that the woman seated nearby was writhing in her seat. I tilted my head just enough to get a good look at what was happening and was simultaneously aroused and frightened by what I saw.
Her legs were spread wide, with her feet were resting on either side of the seat directly in front of her, and her skirt was hiked up just enough to allow access to her cute little pussy, but strangely her hands were firmly gripping the armrests on either side of her seat while her nails dug into the soft covers.
I could clearly see her nipples through her tight little top, and in the dim light they appeared to be moving around slowly. Suddenly I remembered what had happened to young Kairi Marley in my office earlier and I realised that Jessica was here in the cinema with me, and a lot more powerful than I gave her credit for.
The woman started gyrating her hips and moaning quietly, and I assumed that she must be getting pretty close to climaxing so I kept my eyes firmly planted on her soaking wet pussy. Like her nipples, her pussy lips were shifting into different positions and her clitoris was vibrating.
I slowly lifted up the hem of my dress until I could fit get my hand underneath, then pulled my panties to one side and started playing with my own clitoris. The moaning was getting louder, getting me even more turned on, so lifted my backside and slid off my panties then used my free hand to start massaging my breasts one after the other to help my pleasure reach greater heights.
In no time at all other woman was running her hands through her hair and letting out cute little yelps, so I increased my speed. After a minute of this she let out a low guttural scream as she climaxed, driving me to my own orgasm. The two of us relaxed into our seats almost simultaneously and I noticed that the on-screen sex was still going on loudly, so obviously no-one would have heard all of the commotion.
After another fifteen minutes I noticed that the other woman was standing while she adjusted her clothing so that nothing was showing once again. I quickly rose, walked over to her and surprised her with a passionate kiss. She resisted a little, but gave in after my tongue started exploring her hot little mouth.
"Wow!" she said after the kiss ended "was that... was it you all along?"
"Sort of" I replied in a sultry voice.
She reached into her purse and retrieved a small white business card, then opened my palm and placed it on top.
"If you ever want to do that again, just call my office on that number and ask for Samantha" she said, smiling "I'll be waiting"
As she walked off I noticed that her lacy black panties were still slung over a nearby seat, but rather than call out to her I grabbed them and slipped them into own handbag, grinning to myself. Maybe, just maybe, I was beginning to change...