This is a story for Halloween and an entry for the 2018 competition. Feel free to comment and vote. There are dark themes, although there are no ghosts, ghouls or Winged Horsemen of the Apocalypse here. It is a disturbing account of human behaviour under pressure - how does a person react under stress?
Would you pick a fight or take flight? Without time to prepare or reflect, your reaction may be unpredictable and different to that expected by another. If someone makes a pass at your partner do you lash out -- punch someone on the nose? Or do you reason that if your partner accepts those advances you'd rather not stay in that relationship and this may be an ideal opportunity to say goodbye to a bad lot.
Decisions, decisions.
But that's with plenty of time to think - and possibly hindsight. In the pressure of an unexpected event who knows what might happen? In this case, perhaps doing nothing would have been the better option.
* * *
A group of drunks had been heckling the performance and now one of their number had started to film the magician with his phone. Betrayed by the glare of his screen, this was against the strict rules of the venue and had been explained to all the audience. It was now the time for retribution. The magician took his pointer; it was in the form of a white hand on a stick that shone brightly in the spotlight. The bony index finger pointed at the man filming - full of bravado and alcohol.
An usherette wearing a top hat and a smart dark jacket approached the young man and challenged him to go up onto the stage. He stood but she was taller; her long bare muscular legs on top of her high stiletto heels meant that he had to look up to her. He could not resist glancing down at her strong thighs that disappeared under the jacket without a visible skirt.
As he leered, she glowered through severe spectacles. He soon buckled under the attention and she led him away from his table as his accomplices fell quiet. She did not carry a torch in the gloom, nevertheless his path was illuminated by a pool of light on the floor.
The usherette climbed the steps onto the stage. As she did so she leaned over slightly and her jacket rose to reveal her bare ass. Now the source of the pool of light was revealed; a beam shone down from a butt-plug.
She introduced the man to the magician. Costumed as an evil clown with whitened face and menacing expression, he had an unpleasant, mirthless snigger for a laugh.
Another assistant wheeled a large cabinet onto the stage and revolved it theatrically to show that it was free-standing. The lid was opened, indicating to the man that he should enter.
The man was unnerved and complied. Once securely inside, as requested he placed his hand through a hole in the side of the box then the clown removed another small section of board so that he could view his hand outside. However the audience could see (but he could not) that he was not actually looking at his own hand but a fake version alongside.
The clown/magician stroked the fake hand and the real one, simultaneously. As the volunteer saw the movement and felt the sensation, the thought that it might not be his hand did not even occur to him.
Then the clown produced a large spider and told the man how venomous it was. It was placed onto the fake hand and it scuttled around. As it did so the assistant tickled his hand with a feather, then she pinched the skin whilst the clown announced loudly that he had been bitten and poison was spreading in his veins. Panicking, he cursed and struggled against the apparatus that confined him.
The clown drew a sword. With a dramatic movement he slashed the weapon downwards, cutting away the fake hand. Simultaneously the assistant slapped the man's wrist. The man yelled in fright and was released from the box. As he jumped free, there were calls for a medic. The desperate man was handed the fake hand and directed back towards his table.
The man ran blindly while the audience roared with laughter. When he reached his friends he slowed to look at his arm and realised that he was uninjured.
Confused, he examined the item that he was carrying. It was a thick painted bundle of tape that took him the rest of the evening to unravel thereby revealing his phone once more.
* * *
"What do you think? Does my bum look big in this?"
My wife stood before me, wearing a new outfit. It was terrible.
She has an awful habit of buying stuff that really doesn't suit her and I can't do the normal husband bit of saying crap like "It's perfect" when it's plainly not. I just can't. She always claimed that I have some version of autism, perhaps it's true.
I sat silently for a couple of seconds, trying to come up with words that were reasonably polite. My wife is quite short - long legged but with a tiny body. When she was a teenager she wanted to be a professional dancer but ended up too heavy-breasted for ballet and too short for a musical chorus line. In the end she had drifted into shop work and waitressing - always regretting the loss of her dreams of being a star. However she loved being the centre of attention, always being the first and liveliest on a dance floor.
Today she was wearing a 'baby-doll' style dress with a wide belt that defied reality to make her look fat and dumpy. Worse, the belt had a huge bow dangling at the back that made her look like an eight year old at a birthday party. It had a black skirt section with a cream top; a dress of two halves - both nasty.
"Um, it cuts you in half a bit. I'm not keen on the belt. And I can't see your ass anyway, so it doesn't look big or small."
"The lady in the shop said that it looked great on me."
I love that line. What are shop assistants paid for? To sell any damn thing no matter what, I suppose. But it's not like selling cars; no-one ever asked a car salesman what they looked like in a used Ford. 'Oh no sir, that sporty model is for someone with more fake tan. I'd suggest this truck, it would much better suit a gentleman with a well-developed belly such as yourself. Yes, that's perfect. The colour sets off your eyes.'
"You know 'baby-dolls' don't suit you. Why don't you wear something slinky and fitted?"
"You always want me to wear plain, boring things. I'm fed up with them. And I've got nothing else to wear, so I'll have to wear this."
The number of times I've heard that one, you wouldn't believe. Two double wardrobes bulged full of her dresses - some of which actually looked good on her and several more were unworn with the price tags still attached. Plus boxes of accessories and other stuff.
I'm not too chauvinistic but I'd rather my colleagues admired my wife. Let them have a twinge of jealousy as they stand next to their frumpy wives with plastered-on cosmetics and sour perfumes that would kill wasps at five paces. Kirsten could look really cute if she put her mind to it.
We were on our way to a works function; an evening with motivational speeches to improve performance combined with the annual awards ceremony. You know the sort of thing; 'Ra, Ra, Ra, you will work harder -- and for Rupert my son, here is a prize for being so fantastic', a load of complete bollocks that I'd normally avoid like the plague except that I'd been forewarned that I might get something myself.
I knew that I was up for suggesting a change in operating practices that had saved the company a fortune; more in fact than my annual salary. That meant in effect that I'd worked for free for the last year. If I didn't turn up I wouldn't get it and then the way that the company was set up meant I might be vulnerable at the next staff review. I certainly wouldn't be getting any bonus from the proceeds of the savings either way.
Luckily we've been through this pantomime of getting dressed to go out many times and Kirsten no longer gets too offended. She trusts my judgement nowadays on what looks good on her -- if her outfit looks shit she'll believe me when I tell her. Or when I tell her that she's gorgeous, she knows that I'm being truthful and she's hot.
So I had my best suit on, complete with tie and shiny shoes already making me feel hot and bothered. Waistcoat buttoned, jacket unbuttoned. Whatever the weather. Women get away with wearing as little or as much as they like -- and they complain about equality.
I led her back upstairs and unfastened the child's party dress, letting it fall to the floor. She stood wearing a white bra, high heels, hold-up stockings and black thong panties. Her bum is really small and neat; I don't know where she would get the idea that it looks big in anything.
I searched through the wardrobe that contained the more glamorous dresses and found a calf-length evening gown in deep purple. "Put this on, it's great."
"I've worn that before."
"Not to a work's party. No-one will recognise it." I removed the hanger and tossed the gown across the room to her.
Obediently she caught the dress and stepped into it. It was close-fitting around her hips, sleek and classy and added several inches to her height. It fitted at the throat with a choker but was backless to show the length of her spine. It fastened with a concealed zip down the side, but her white bra was clearly visible at the back.
"You won't be able to wear that, you'll need a backless one."
Kirsten's breasts are her best feature; she's able and usually willing to go braless. They are large but can still stand up for themselves with perky nipples and don't need support. But that evening under the cream top of the baby-doll, she had been wearing a lacy and underwired bra to make sure that she was modestly covered and suitably demure for a work's function.
"I haven't got one - the one I had, the underwire broke and came out."
"In that case you'll have to go without." I unfastened and slid it out from under the dress. I moved my hands into the opening and around her waist and slowly moved them up to cup her breasts, feeling her nipples stiffen.
"I thought we were in a rush, we haven't time for playing silly buggers." Reluctantly I released her and fastened the dress properly. The material was thin and clung to her butt; it was fantastic especially with her nipples still stiff and poking through. "I'm sure that we've enough time for something though."
She reached down into my pants and took me in her hand. Her lovely skilled hand; it was warm and tender and it took just a second to defeat my willpower. Smiling with her victory she knelt and completed the act.
After a short while she stood smiling, licking a stray drop of fluid from her lips "Well kind sir, it's always a pleasure to be of assistance."
* * *
We had a table in the shadows near the back of the hall. There was a buffet meal, accompanied by a guest speaker. He was a retired sports legend but obviously he had been selected to represent his country based on his prowess on the field rather than his ability to talk. His jokes were lame, but we all laughed dutifully and applauded in the appropriate points.
The evening was starting to drag already but managed to go further downhill when the director's speech started. It was as bad as could be expected, self-important and sprinkled with pompous buzz-words. He kept on 'thinking outside the box.' I wished he would think inside a box, preferably a coffin.
By the time the presentations finally began the sound of bored private conversations was defeating the public address system. Mr. Jones, the Managing Director stood accompanied by his wife; he was known by all the staff as 'Jonesey'. He was short and stout and wearing a dress suit as if he were a doorman, she tall and regal in a floor-length gown and a string of pearls. She expected a kiss on the cheek in return for a shake of her husband's hand whilst a photographer captured hands posed as if mid-shake.
Eventually it was my turn. Close up, the bosses' wife was drenched in some perfume that reminded me of insecticide. I stifled a sneeze and quickly withdrew.
After the awards, the last entertainment of the evening was revealed; a magician. I groaned. The free bar was now open and silly tricks were a distraction from serious drinking. When I was a kid I used to be interested in magic; I had a set and annoyed all my relatives during Christmas parties by repeatedly asking them to choose a card -- any card. With a few more years behind me I now found magicians as irritating as anyone else.
There were only two reasons to be at this function; to have my award to brandish at my supervisor the next time he called me a waste of space - and the free bar. These were now both fulfilled.
The man walked around the tables performing card tricks (pick a card, any card), then as a music track started he introduced his female assistant 'Brandy'. Do these people have to name themselves after strippers? She appeared wearing a short sexy gold lame dress and stiletto heels, but then the magician waved his wand and the dress was transformed with a flash and cloud of smoke into a miniscule string bikini of the same material.
This was met with instant approval from the audience who whistled and cheered, much bolstered by the consumption of the company alcohol.
The assistant was slim and lithe but with an impressive pair of breasts. Now my wife has a fine pair of lungs but these were truly massive. The magician produced a pigeon from her cleavage, then another. Finally to prove that she was not concealing anything, the wand was waved again. With another flash of fire and smoke the gold bikini top vanished, leaving the girl topless.
She scuttled around the room pretending to be embarrassed with her arms across her bare breasts but soon, encouraged by the crowd, Brandy lowered her arms to reveal glimpses of pink nipples. Where her clothing had gone remained a mystery but now the magician's assistant had everyone's attention, even the dedicated drinkers at the bar.
I glanced across to the top table. The boss was engrossed in the performance but his lady wife was thin-lipped and holding her handbag up as if to shield her own chest.
Brandy moved slowly and seductively, shimmying around the room, just wearing her gold panties and heels. A taper was lit and as the lights dimmed she started an exotic fire-eating act, making a flame dance across her shoulders, flat stomach and finally her breasts. As the lights dimmed she rubbed a liquid onto her nipples and bending over backwards, the magician lit them like candles.
I noticed the Director's wife dragging her open-mouthed husband to the exit. His head was twisted around with his eyes firmly on the dancer even as the door closed behind them both.
As the applause died, the magician called for an assistant from the audience. Kirsten of course was never shy of publicity and jumped up waving her arms, so he came to our table and pulled her to the front of the room.
I could imagine Kirsten glowing inside as the spotlight brought her to everyone's attention.
Kirsten was introduced to a large box on castor wheels that Brandy pushed to the centre of the room. The lid and a side wall were open to show that it was empty and Kirsten was helped inside.
The box was elaborately chained shut Brandy pushed it around the room for the guests to inspect. There was another flash and when the cloud of smoke cleared, Brandy herself had disappeared into thin air.
The magician swiftly unlocked the chains. The lid opened and Kirsten climbed back out of the box, looking baffled. She was wearing the gold lame dress with a plunging cleavage that Brandy had been wearing earlier.
To huge applause she returned to our table and sat down. She didn't seem to realise that she had on the gold dress until she glanced down. The dress was too loose and the front was gaping wide open.
Then after a few more laps of the box around the floor and another pyrotechnic, Brandy suddenly appeared in a cloud of smoke standing alongside the box, wearing a purple gown which I recognised as Kirsten's. There was a disappointed round of applause despite the fact that her boobs were squashed and bulged over the top of the dress.
Then Brandy walked over and in the spotlight, took Kirsten's hand for her to stand. As she moved, one of Kirsten's breasts fell free and was exposed to the crowd. There was a sudden hush as everyone stared at the pink nipple, enticingly erect. After a stunned pause there was a ribald cheer from the drinkers at the bar.
Kirsten didn't react, but without pausing Brandy reached across and tugged the material back across to hide the escaped boob. She led Kirsten across the room to the ladies' bathroom and after a minute they emerged having swapped their dresses back again.
Kirsten sat, now clothed in her purple gown again. She had a huge grin on her face and her nipples were poking through the material with excitement.
"Well, was I any good? My God, do you think anyone noticed when I fell out of the dress?"
No dear, I'm sure that no-one noticed at all...
* * *
The next day I sat nursing a slight hangover. Well, there had been a free bar after all. "Okay, so how did it work?"
Kirsten was bursting to tell me of her moment of glory. "The magician whispered to me to change into the dress inside the box, then to knock on the side when I was ready. I had to keep to the front to leave room for Brandy and the dress was tucked up inside. The box was a bit bigger than it looked, there was plenty of room. Well, it was a bit cramped with us both in there, but that was only for a second.
"Anyway as soon as I knocked the firecracker went off and Brandy came bursting straight through the side of the box. It wasn't solid at all, the chains weren't doing anything. It was all hinged on springs. She grabbed my dress and then the lid opened and I had to get out.
"I didn't even realise the dress was actually hers until I sat down, I was wondering what the fuss was about. Then we went to the bathroom and swapped over. She's like a contortionist, how she got that side zip fastened so quickly without help, sitting in the box I don't know. I still can't work out though, how did her dress get into the cabinet?"
"I don't suppose it did. It's possible they had a couple of identical dresses."
"It looked the same one to me."
Ya think?
* * *
Kirsten suddenly took an increased interest in show business, her old love. She looked at adverts on web sites and trade magazines, most of which I previously didn't even know existed. She watched and re-watched internet clips of illusionists and conjurors.
She also joined a gym and became obsessive with weight and fitness. She learned the principles of all the classic illusions; after all the assistant is often the actual magician. As a member of the audience you are never sure just who is causing a distraction and who is actually doing the trick.
I saw the benefits quite soon; she lost a few pounds and her waist was trim with a taut belly. Her thighs were lean like a teenager's and her arms were showing signs of biceps.
One day she announced that she had a job. She was going to try out to be a magician's assistant herself. After that she became secretive and disappeared for days on end.
Eventually she told me that she was on her way to her first proper gig; the problem was that it was in a resort in Greece. She had her trade registrations, air tickets and most important of all, a magician to be an assistant too. Armed with all this she went off to become rich and famous.
A week later she called me. Her magician, who went by the name 'Magical Marvin' had a regular tour of the town, which catered mostly for Brits on economy budgets. She was jumping in and out of cabinets, being sawn in half and having knives thrown at her twice nightly. They were working fourteen shows a week and making money -- so I decided to take a week off work and join her.
With the benefit of a cheap flight deal I arrived in the hell-hole of tower block hotels and gaudy bars. The place was a garish mess of neon signs, street hustlers and cops wearily kicking comatose drunks on the ankle to get them to shift.
When evening came the place was worse. Music blasted from every doorway and teams of badly-dressed tourists staggered along the road searching for the cheapest form of alcohol. Shops selling vests with pictures of British Bulldogs were making a fortune.
I hadn't made notes of where the performances were to be, but as I studied the chalked boards and took cards from scantily clad girls outside the bars advertising the night's drinking, I came across a familiar name: Magical Marvin with assistant Juicy Lucy.
Juicy Lucy? That's one classy stage-name - what in the world was that about.
* * *
I entered the bar and bought a drink-ticket. The time of the entertainment wasn't advertised and drinks were poured liberally against a pre-paid ticket. I prepared for a long night as the DJ gave endless announcements for the forthcoming entertainment. A bachelorette party from a northern English town was in competition with a group of London lads over who could consume the most spirits from a bottle held high in the air. No-one seemed to care how much was spilled as their clothes became soaked.
T shirts were removed to be wrung out, the ladies obviously unconcerned about being seen in their underwear. They couldn't have a conversation anyway against the loudspeakers pumping out decibels like they were going out of fashion, so stripping passed as a friendly flirt.
A couple of the women were not wearing bras but brazenly poured drink over their exposed breasts for the lads to lick off. It was a subtle seduction technique for a female twice the age and weight of their intended victim and I'm guessing here but it's likely that one or two of the ladies would be returning home in a fertilised state.
The evening came and went; by 3:00am I was about to call it a night. Then an announcer called everyone's attention to the forthcoming entertainment for the hundredth time. The DJ made some space clear at the front of the bar and a young man with a microphone introduced himself as 'Magical Marvin'.
He was a miserable specimen; skinny and greasy haired with black jeans, but at least he had a white shirt and a bow-tie. He started off with a tape recording of canned applause which some people even joined in with.
Marvin had a line in appallingly off-colour jokes; including one about having sex was much like spreading butter. Possible with a credit card but much easier with a knife.
There was an intake of breath from the crowd and he never really won them back after that. He continued with several gags concerning the size of his mother-in-law's belly and the enormous breasts of a girl he'd seen on the beach. Then there was a routine about girls farting as they got in and out of stretched limos, followed by a rambling story about archaeologists finding an Egyptian sarcophagus that contained a chocolate mummy wrapped in gold foil -- and then announcing that they had found the Pharaoh Roche.
At long last Marvin brought on his assistant 'Juicy Lucy' otherwise known as Kirsten. She was dressed in a cheap beach wrap and floral bikini He cracked a joke about his last assistant (called 'Slobberonthisyerbitch') being from Serbia, then he tried to get people to pick a card (any card)...
'Juicy Lucy' danced around and produced a long black balloon from the front of Marvin's jeans, sucking it out with her mouth then pushing a long needle right through without it bursting.
She performed a long dance whilst unfastening her bikini top to bare her breasts, then an even longer show about removing the rest of her clothes. Eventually my wife was in front of a couple of hundred leering drunks, quite naked and showing them her shaved pussy.
She approached a woman wearing a bikini top and without much persuading obtained a nipple-ring straight from the woman's breast. Marvin placed the ring into a small box, which was returned to the girl. When she opened the lid she found that it contained only a condom - which was probably of more use to the woman than the nipple-ring.
Kirsten did a lap around the room without a stitch on for all to see, then Marvin without much skill and dexterity managed to pull a string from her vagina, tied to which was a line of flags of the world. At the end of the string was the missing ring.
At this point I nearly vomited.
The rest of the audience were not much impressed either as Kirsten got dressed and the two left the bar. Already people were pouring more booze down their throats and the DJ had pumped up the volume back to the max.
I made my way outside, my ears ringing from the noise and stood behind Kirsten as Marvin packed his gear into a suitcase. More drunken tourists were passing along the street but something made her turn around and see me.
Tears and recognition filled her eyes. "Can I come home?"
* * *
"Ladies and Gentlemen, please put your hands together for the one, the only, the quite exceptional Kirsten."
We used our proper names. It was much better than some corny made-up stage-name that just made people sound like strippers -- or worse. 'Sweaty Betty' sounded somewhat unattractive and unbelievably 'Sticky Vicky' was already trade-marked and used by a lady in Spain. Yes, that's right; you can use your favourite search engine for further information.
I had considered something like 'Eric Withakay' for my stage-name. It's the sort of joke that I find amusing. "So you spell that E-R-I-K?" No, I spell it with a C; my name is E-R-I-C, Eric Withakay. Very droll. Kirsten had told me to grow up and stop being silly, so that was that and we stuck with our normal, sensible names.
She gyrated into the room, wrapped in a black feather-trimmed robe. Her blonde curls were hidden by a brunette wig and as the music boomed across the room the room was in darkness with just a spotlight picking her out. She hesitated and the robe rose in the air and flew away, leaving her in a bright yellow dress, long and slinky. Her feet skipped swiftly in high heels as she floated across the floor, her old dance skills resurrected.
I had resumed my youthful interest in illusions, developing a stage act but avoiding those tedious card tricks. Kirsten had taken classes and become proficient in several disciplines including belly-dancing and burlesque, now we had a budding career that would soon enable me to finish my job in that company with their ridiculous motivational meetings and mission statements.
She stopped dancing as the music was cut and I dashed across to catch her wrist, dragging her to a spinning cartwheel. I buckled a leather strap to each limb as she pretended to struggle to escape. She was bound hand and foot to the wheel, feet wide apart with more straps across the neck and waist. I span the wheel and she turned upside down, her long yellow dress falling open due to a hip-high split. Bright red panties flashed into view and disappeared again repeatedly. The audience silenced their applause and watched steadily.
I cracked a long leather whip. After several practising cracks it snapped in front of her face, causing her to flinch. Then another snap shredded the shoulder stitching of the dress on the left; the next shredded the right. More whipping followed and I stopped the wheel. When the straps were undone the dress fell away, completely destroyed. Kirsten stood again in her heels, a black and cream laced corset, the red thong panties and stockings. The yellow dress remained abandoned on the floor.
The music recommenced with an upbeat tune and she danced a Charleston, bending over to show her cleavage and toned butt. As she danced, I wheeled a cabinet into view. From the cabinet I took an old-fashioned milk churn.
I removed the lid and took it to be examined by two members of the audience. Then another two members were led onto the floor and allowed to examine the churn. They were then instructed to hold onto the side handles.
Kirsten climbed into the churn, which looked too small to contain her. With my hand on her head I pushed her down until the lid could be forced into position. The two guys holding the handles heaved the churn in the air, so that the solid underside could be seen. When it was lowered and the lid raised, Kirsten climbed back out. She had lost the wig, corset, stockings and heels and was now only wearing tiny string panties, bright green to contrast with her previous red pair. Her blonde locks flowed and the transformation was such that many of the audience would actually be unsure if it was even the same person.
She shimmied away, allowing the two guys to search the churn and lid for the clothing -- or the girl with the black hair. They took these back to the audience for general examination by anyone who wished to. No-one searched too hard -- not when a girl was in the room performing topless gymnastics, but the items were well concealed within a false base.
Kirsten somersaulted to the yellow rags of the destroyed dress, which had transformed into a semi-sheer skirt that she fastened sarong-like around her hips. A flute started to play an exotic Eastern wail and she belly danced slowly, flicking her hips sideways but keeping her head steady as if it were unconnected to her spine.
She froze for a while in a statue pose but her naked breasts continued bouncing in time to the music, as she stood still and flexed her muscles. Then she moon-walked backwards to the trolley with the cabinet as she continued twitching in sync with the beat.
The wheels of the trolley gave a clearance of only several inches but Kirsten leaned back and adopted a limbo stance, dancing to the rhythm completely under the device -- even her boobs fitted beneath. She moved slowly towards the audience, until she was out and in front again. However now the yellow skirt had totally disappeared.
Her thighs were wide apart as she danced slowly towards the front of the stage. On an overhead monitor the faces of the audience directly in line with her approach were shown; one man in particular squinted down for a better view of her intimate parts, spread open for him. A lady sat alongside with a furious expression, then swung her purse at his head. He fell sideways at the blow and there was a burst of laughter from behind.
With her eyes flashing, Kirsten climbed into the cabinet. I closed the lid and span it around. Then to a crescendo in the music, I removed the lid and all four sides. It was empty except for a black cat, which I lifted and stroked before handing it to a member of the audience for confirmation.
* * *
We had gained good reputation, with an agency to take bookings. The act could be varied according to the audience; some engagements were suitable for erotic items and even total nudity, others were not. As Kirsten was comfortable with either we had all the bases covered and there was a reasonable living to be made.
A welcome by-product of course was that after an evening of flashing her body, Kirsten was always ready for some serious love-making. This was something that I had always noticed. Even just sitting on a beach topless, knowing that she was being ogled by all the passing men made her horny.
The applause that she had after a performance sent her libido through the stratosphere. It was wearing me out.
* * *
New illusions were constantly required to keep the act fresh for repeat bookings, so I had to keep a diary of which elements had been used each time. We always asked that there would be no filming of the act and kept an eye out for such activity; we had no ambition to have all of our content across the internet. Only when we decided to retire an item permanently did we release a clip, professionally filmed but it's always fraught with problems when you allow smart arses to freeze-frame a sequence to work out how an illusion works and then explain to the world how it's all done.
One evening we had a booking for a late-night performance at a rugby club in our home town. We always declined stag parties; Kirsten was much more than a stripper which was what they really wanted so we insisted that we would only take mixed-gender party bookings. However this was a Halloween party, which would be a mixed event with many of those present expected to be wearing fancy dress.
The evening's programme needed special planning; the black cat transformation was obviously suitable but the rest needed some thought to make it applicable to the theme.
In the end, we decided to attend the party as guests so that the party-goers would not initially know that we were an act. Kirsten dressed as a nun, with a long sleek black habit. I wore the outfit of a medieval monk, holding a flameless candle (health & safety, don't you know) and a rope belt, with which to bind and restrain her.
We entered the event separately, not that it made a real difference; no-one present knew absolutely everyone else. At the appointed time, Kirsten was talking to someone dressed as a slutty witch. As I made my move to capture and bring my nun to the front of the room, she unexpectedly proclaimed that the forces of evil were upon us and led the strange witch with her along for the ride.
This was a concern for me, we now had a member of the audience involved who didn't even know that she was in a magic act. All I could do was to run with it and see how switched on the girl was. I assessed her; she was slim and fit with long dark hair and a low-cut costume exposing acres of cleavage.
Her dress was short and flared out, showing long lean legs, encased in high heeled fetish boots that reached all the way up to her thighs. She had a pointed witch's hat, bent over at the top.
As the floor emptied around us in the spotlight, my rope dragged both of them to the centre. I caught Kirsten's long habit and wrenched the skirt section away, so that she had stockinged legs and white bloomer panties visible below a short black tunic. Now I had the attention of the room which fell silence. Of course they still had no idea that this was an act.
I caught hold of her crucifix hanging from a chain around her neck and made it crumble to dust as a heresy; then I threw her nun's head-dress in the air and watched it disappear into a ball of flame.
I chanted some mock-latin phrases as I tied both girls to a frame.
The witch's eyes were wide open as I saw that her costume was thin and cheap, already tearing at the neck. It appeared to be an inexpensive fancy dress outfit and had a simple velcro strip to keep it together at the front. She seemed to be wearing something underneath, so I asked her in a whisper if she were okay with taking part in the show and losing her dress.
She nodded silently and I produced my whip and swiftly threaded the whip down her front as she sucked in to make a gap for it.
I stepped back and tugged hard at the whip; her dress parted completely at the front with a satisfying ripping noise from the velcro. She stood with the dress wide open, showing a shimmering satin navy blue corset and panties. Her eyes were shining as she looked around the room against the spotlight, seeing that everyone was watching. Her thighs parted slightly and she was definitely enjoying the show. The front-laced corset was low fitting and just covered her nipples.
"Witch -- declare your name." I called out.
"Abigail Williams. I hail from Salem", she replied.
Somewhere from my memory I recalled that was the name of one of the Salem witches. She was getting into it; excellent.
"Abigail, I denounce you as a witch, a supernatural spirit. Together with this whore of a maiden of Christ, you will be tested and punished tonight for your crimes against all things holy."
I carried on in this vein for a minute, building up the theatricals. I discarded Abigail's dress, took her to the wheel and buckled her on. Her lingerie was ideal, there was nothing to float around and get tangled.
This time instead of using the whip, I had knives to throw at the wheel. So with an announcement that she would be protected if there were no sins, I started to throw the knives. To gasps and applause she survived this ordeal. The stunt was well practised and safe -- I throw directly at the hand or foot which has moved by the time the knife arrives so that it strikes vacant board.
I decided to see where she wanted to go with the show, so I released Abigail and called on her to confess her sins. She stood and went before Kirsten, still tied to the frame. Getting on her knees, she raised her arms in the air and called out that she had committed unnatural acts. The crowd whooped as they saw that her breasts were raised out of the corset.
This was better than I had hoped, every time she lowered her arms her nipples dropped back into the cups of her corset; when she raised her arms again they emerged once more.
Then when I demanded to know what she had done, she caught hold of Kirsten's hips and buried her face in her panties.
However the panties were designed to fall apart for a trick planned later in the show and promptly did so, to the joy of the crowd. I would have to re-jig the later part of the show, I thought.
Abigail was left with her nose and lips against Kirsten's labia -- she had no choice but to thrust and writhe against Abigail's face. The audience went wild. Some would have known Abigail and I looked about to see who was the most scandalised but couldn't see anyone standing out from the crowd.
I dragged Abigail upright with mock indignation. "You corrupter of this Bride of Christ, you would blaspheme against womanhood." I released the bare-assed Kirsten -- but it was a mistake. Together they produced ropes and turned the tables on me.
I was overpowered and they bound my wrists and ankles securely. I was pushed into the cage and strapped down. Once I was secure, Abigail ripped off her own panties which seemed to have a side fastening and pulled down Kirsten's face into her groin. The room went quiet.
This wasn't supposed to happen; I was supposed to be in charge of the proceedings.
The solid sides of the cage were erected around me as Abigail climbed in. Suddenly as we were concealed together she was removing my robe and the rest of my clothes until I was naked. It dawned on me rather belatedly that I had been tucked up -- thoroughly deceived. Abigail was most definitely in on the joke. Sometimes I'm not the fastest driver on the grid, surely the people in the audience had already worked it out.
She stuffed my clothes into the secret space in the floor of the cage that she already knew about, then the sides were dropped again to expose me to the audience. I heard a number of women beyond the spotlight cheer loudly.
It was a strange feeling; the spotlight was warm on my skin but the air was cool as I was suddenly revealed naked to the crowd. A hood was then pulled over my head and I could see no more. I heard the crown cheer and scream, then applaud. They went silent and applauded again. I was wheeled around the room in the cage but kept like a wild animal.
Then my mask was removed and in the bright lights I saw that Abigail was doubled over blindfolded with her hands on the ground and legs straight and wide apart so that her ass was in the air. She was still wearing her corset, but a long taper was protruding from her rear with a trail of flame and smoke. Her hips were swivelling, causing the flame to move from side to side.
Kirsten picked up a white board and held it in the air; it was solid and unmarked. Then she held it over the flame as it wiggled; after several seconds she held the board in the air for everyone to see; the fire had scorched the image of a devil onto it.
Abigail stood and acknowledged the cheers of the audience with a bow; as she bent over, the flame was in front of my face and Kirsten whispered at me to blow it out, so with a good puff I extinguished it.
Abigail turned to unlock the cage. My bonds were released and I was allowed to resume my role as magician and master of ceremonies, all the while naked before the crowd.
The act demanded a good deal of movement around the room, presenting different elements. In truth of course, a magician can often do little in an illusion -- the assistant does most of the hard work. So I ended up running around the floor with a microphone and a whip and nothing else.
The two girls continued with the act. Then at the end they led me back to the cage and the transformation illusion completed the performance as I was replaced by the black cat -- a variation of the normal routine.
From my hiding place I heard the audience cheer wildly. It was essential for the illusion that I remained vanished, but after a time I felt the cage being moved and then I had the signal to emerge.
We were in a service area and had left the function room. Both the girls were fully dressed again and I put my clothes back on. There was a service staircase that allowed us to leave the building unseen.
* * *
'Abigail' joined us as we loaded our gear into the van. Her real name was Gabrielle and she was bright, funny with a similar height and build to Kirsten. It occurred to me that there was scope for illusions that involved body-doubles if she wished to join in.
We gave her a lift home to her apartment which turned out to be just a short ride from our house. During the journey they filled me in on how they knew each other -- which had been since a shared childhood in dance school. She had since earned a living as an exotic dancer in Paris and so was comfortable with people seeing her naked body.
Her previous boyfriend was French and she had recently left him, returning home when the theatre where she worked had decided that she was now too old to be a professional dancer.
Gabrielle was quite open about the business and admitted that she had added a few pounds since quitting. Her mother had been born in Paris, so she could speak the language well. Since returning to her home town she had met up with Kirsten again and they'd got to know each other well -- enough to play the joke on me at the club.
* * *
The next day Kirsten and I were at home relaxing when there was a knock at the door. I answered it and found a petite girl with short blonde hair cut in a spiky urchin style. A long T shirt was worn as a short dress to set off her legs and it took me a while to work out that this was Gabrielle.
When I recognised her she laughed. "You thought that I had dark hair, that it was real? No, this is what I look like without the wig and make-up."
I invited her in and marvelled at the transformation. She sat on the sofa with Kirsten and immediately made herself at home, slipping off her shoes and tucking her bare feet underneath herself. The girls chatted away about the show and soon we agreed that Gabrielle could try out to be a regular part of the act.
As we talked I noticed that the short dress was slowly riding up her thighs and eventually I could see that she wore no panties. Her shaved pussy became clearly visible but she seemed not to notice. With difficulty I kept my eyes up to face level until she shifted her position and allowed her dress to completely rise up to her waist.
"You don't mind do you?" Gabrielle was looking at me "It's just that I spent so many years without wearing underwear that panties feel strange nowadays. Being a dancer, if I wore anything tight the lines in my skin would show for ages so it's easier not to. You get used to it, now I only wear panties and bra if I need to, like for a costume at the show. For me it feels like wearing gloves in the bath, and when I was on stage so many people saw my body that it doesn't worry me any more.
"In fact, that was why my boyfriend left me. He couldn't put up with everyone seeing me. He called me a show-off, an exhibitionist.
"Now if I'm asked, I say that I don't understand modesty, in the same way as some people don't understand religion or the need to be rich. No-one is corrupted by seeing me, so if you want to look, carry on. If you don't want to look, don't. Surely everyone knows what a female body looks like, why the fuss?
"It wasn't always that way of course. I started work in the shows as one of the girls with the feathered fans and headgear, but then I realised that the girls wearing leotards and cloaks were the ones that no-one looked at. The ones who were getting all the attention and money were the ones at the front of the stage not wearing anything. Also they were the ones on the posters outside, the stars of the show.
"When I finally managed to get to the front of the stage it felt very exposed at first. Everyone staring, dancing with every inch of your body to be seen. But I became used to being looked at; now if you want me to go nude in public it doesn't worry me at all. I have no wish to get arrested of course but I'm comfortable wherever I am." With that she shifted position and sat crossed-ankle so that her thighs were wide apart and labia in full view. "Like I say, if you want to look, please do. I enjoy being admired."
I have to say that I didn't mind too much, her body was still trim without a trace of flab despite what Paris theatre producers might think.
* * *
There had been a pause in the conversation, then Kirsten took a deep breath and spoke quietly. "Can I speak for a moment? I have something to tell you."
She was looking directly into my eyes. "Gabrielle and I know each other very well. No, that's wrong. What I mean is, that since we have recently met, we have been in a relationship. This is the first time that I have strayed from you I promise, and it is the first time that I have been in a relationship with another woman."
Gabrielle was sitting cross-legged with her bare pussy on view; Kirsten took her hand as they told their story together.
They had rekindled old affections; indeed, taken them further to a full sexual intimacy. Then after some self-torment had decided to disclose the matter to me. It had taken them a great deal of planning to fit the circumstances into the party.
I had been stunned by this revelation of course. As they spoke they snuggled into each other, eventually Gabrielle put her arm around Kirsten's shoulder.
They wanted to continue with their affair, indeed they desired my blessing. As Gabrielle's hand disappeared into Kirsten's T shirt to cup her breast, my wife removed her top to show her stiff nipple. Then she unfastened my jeans to hold me in her hand as Gabrielle continued speaking.
All things considered, how was I expected to refuse? I was in a difficult position, watching my wife being fondled while she fondled me. So I ended up agreeing.
But after consideration it wasn't such a bad deal, my two options were either to lose Kirsten or to gain Gabrielle so that's what happened. The thought of spending lonely nights imagining my wife elsewhere in another relationship would have destroyed me.
There were now three of us in our bed at night which made for cosy arrangements but there was little to complain about. Gabrielle was fun and easy on the eye. They weren't exclusive with their affections, Kirsten encouraged Gabrielle to include me in their relationship and they made sure that I was never discouraged from partaking in any activity.
So Gabrielle became part of both the family and the illusionist act.
* * *
The lights shone onto the pool. A rope dangled into the water but was being pulled up. Slowly a net was drawn into the air; it was a fishing net with a catch. A large fish tail was visible thrashing around in the net and the crowd silenced as the spotlights followed the rising net.
The creature started to climb from the net. It was a mermaid with long black hair and bare breasts.
The net opened and she tumbled to the ground, cumbersome and writhing but glistening with wetness under the lights.
The lights now illuminated the fisherman who scrambled down a steel ladder to the floor. As he stepped onto the planks the mermaid wriggled behind a board that leaned against a wall. The man picked up the board but the mermaid had lost her tail and was transformed into a girl, naked and embarrassed. She curled up into a ball but as the fisherman approached she stood, modestly holding her arms in front of her and ran across the stage to a wooden cabin.
The fisherman followed the girl to the cabin, but she escaped out of a tiny window. The net was still attached to a crane which toppled over. The fisherman was caught underneath as the steel jib smashed down, slicing through his leg. The audience gasped in horror.
A fountain of blood spurted from the wound as the man pulled his jacket to staunch the bleeding. The leg was detached and the man picked it up and stared silently at it. The curtains swiftly dropped to conceal the scene from the stunned audience.
We had a season's booking in a French resort. Not a pub-crawl place like it was in Greece, but a theatre with booked tickets and coach parties organised by licensed tour companies. The act was high budget and classy, featuring large scale illusions. The official tour shows were early evening but this was a late evening show, adult-only. There was a line of backing dancers, an orchestra, lighting and sound crews. We'd gone big-time.
I had hired a retired male ballet dancer named Brett for some of the aerial work; he had a magnificent physique with a grace of movement that was awesome to watch -- and kept the females in the audience engrossed.
I had also employed an amputee, who managed really well on his prosthetic leg and for most shows didn't even reveal his disability. He had lost his leg years earlier as a child in an accident and had grown up learning how to cope. He spent most of his time back-stage with the technical people anyway as that was where his expertise was, but he was invaluable for certain stunts.
The show flowed from illusion to illusion, not at all like the old Vegas productions that took half an hour to build up to one trick, with random women posing around pointlessly. We had so many things going on it was difficult to keep track and a story was told throughout. I was quite pleased with it and the best thing was that we had a completely different audience every time so we could invest in a proper staging that could handle more complicated transformations.
In fact there was so much happening that some of the illusions were not obvious. Some people came to see us again and noticed more detail each time.
I watched from the wings; right now Kirsten was on stage with the ballet dancer, wrapped in a swirl of diaphanous material that flowed in the wind behind her as they swung on a trapeze over the heads of the audience. From a distance she appeared to be floating in the air but in fact his toe was supporting most of her weight. She held on to his arm and then gracefully released her grip, to dive behind the cabin where there was a concealed foam pit.
Now alone in the spotlights, the buff body of Brett was gleaming and his skin-tight shorts bulged with his pronounced buttocks and his front package. There was a round of applause.
Kirsten appeared behind me from a passage under the stage. An assistant was attaching tiny triangles of reflective gold metallic confetti to her body to give the appearance of an impossible bikini swathed around her. Her next appearance would be amongst an explosion of gold, and it would appear as if the scraps of foil were sticking to her. Several pieces would blow away as she moved, tantalising the audience. One of the scraps would remain though, emerging from between the cheeks of her butt. She had practised moving the muscles so that the foil rose as if unaided. A man would be selected from the audience to be blindfolded and take the foil in his teeth.
It would open to show some writing that had been made earlier, in a random process and would turn out to be the the location of hidden treasure.
* * *
A lady volunteer was selected from the audience. She was no stooge but known to several others in her party. She wore a fitted black dress and her breasts were loose beneath the halter necked top that showed her cleavage and bare back. She was tall and slim with a glossy mane of wavy dark hair.
The clown invited her into a device, a frame of steel bars that she could stand on (once her high heeled shoes had been removed) and cling onto.
The frame swung across and down, deep into a deep crevasse cut into the earthen bank at the back of the stage. Cameras looked down so that she could be seen on large monitors.
There were wooden boards on either side of her narrow space but the rear wall was formed by the earth and rocks, held together with a sparse vegetation. Some ivy crossed and entwined above her.
She was given instructions on how to release herself in case of extreme emergency. Then the clown explained that he knew that she had just won a hotel ping-pong competition. He asked her to confirm that she had won the hotel competition because she was a player of very high standard; indeed she had had a career at international level.
He told her that this had been unfair and she was to be punished. He released a small monkey into the space and the creature scampered about, causing the woman to recoil and nudge against a strut that held the boards.
One of the planks fell, allowing soil to collapse against the woman. She panicked at the prospect of being buried. More debris fell. Using a prop that looked like a bony hand with a protruding finger, she was able to push against the lever that would extricate her from her situation.
The sides of the collapsing trench miraculously retreated and the frame soared into the air, carrying the screaming woman high above the stage.
The frame revolved so that she was now looking down into the abyss. She held tightly to the bars of the frame, for if she let go she would fall to her doom. As she saw the height, she ceased her screaming and gripped the supports for all she was worth.
The monkey was still there, climbing over her. She felt the top of her dress fall away; the animal had undone the clasp at the back of her neck.
Her breasts hung bare, exposed to the entire audience whilst the garment dangled uselessly. She could not conceal herself for that would mean letting go of the support.
The monkey clambered underneath her, confident in its abilities. She felt its weight tug on her clothing and then she yelped as it tweaked her nipples. Yet she still could not protect herself for fear of falling.
The clown shouted instructions to her. She had to reach across with one hand to climb out of the side of the frame to a nearby ladder. The monkey pinched her left nipple and in pain she relinquished her hold. She almost fell but then managed to grasp the other bar, however her position was now even more precarious.
There was a branch of a tree quite close but when she tried to touch it she found that she was prevented from doing so by what appeared to be a human skull that was precisely where she wanted her hand to be. She moved her hand but found yet another skull there. It appeared initially that this skull was looking at her, but she saw that there was a cockroach sitting in the eye-socket.
The insect waved its antennae slowly and then jumped out towards her. She recoiled, snatching her hand back.
She tried to move her foot across the gap, but her dress was restricting her leg movement. The clown told her to remove the garment completely, so she returned both hands to their correct sides of the frame. With care, she shifted her position above the dizzy height so that she could release the dress and let it fall away. The dress fluttered down to the stage, in the beam of one of the spotlights.
Now she was in full view of the crowd wearing just dark lace-top stockings and black panties. However she now had the freedom by placing one hand onto the top of one of the skulls to transfer her whole weight to the solid ironwork on the wall.
She clung to the fixed ladder amongst the foliage and collected herself, breathing deeply. The monkey was behind her and pulled down on her panties revealing her pale butt, but now she was able to brush the animal away. It sat on a branch chattering angrily at her.
Following more instructions she descended the ladder, but found that it finished in mid-air, over a pond of water. The loose end wobbled scarily and the clown yelled at her to jump before it broke.
She obeyed, landing with a splash in deep water. She found that she could climb out of the pool, back onto the stage. The water streamed from her hair and she was trembling with fright as she found her dress and shoes which she carried back to her seat.
It was not until she sat down shivering that she was handed a towel. After the performance had finished and everyone had left, a sodden wet bundle of black panties and stockings were found discarded under her table.
* * *
Kirsten shimmied across the auditorium. The guests had finished their meals and were relaxing with the wine that we supplied inclusive with the ticket price. This was a tactic that we had found successful; the guests invariably drank heavily when the alcohol was 'limitless', poured liberally from pottery jugs. It was a palatable fruity red, local and ridiculously cheap. However the result was that everyone had had enough after a couple of hours and some had to be helped onto their coaches afterwards. All the drivers knew to have an ample supply of sick-bags.
We did not need the act to last for several hours. No-one in the audience would remain sober that long and this way everyone would be back in their hotels satisfactorily intoxicated and ready to write complimentary reviews at the end of their holidays.
Kirsten wore a long black skirt and killer heels. It was low-slung on her hips, moulded to her butt and cut to follow the lines of the cleft of her buttocks. There was no clothing above the skirt except for a large blue pendant necklace that hung in her cleavage. All eyes were on her nipples, brown and oiled as she swayed. No-one was looking at me as I surreptitiously moved an envelope into a casket that was in plain view.
She was bouncing a large balloon off her chest to a random person and then calling on them to toss it elsewhere. The pendant bounced in unison with her breasts. She was selecting a member of the audience to join her on stage.
The subject had to be lively and enthusiastic -- there was no point in having anyone too shy to join in or enjoy the experience. So the process would be continued until a suitable candidate held the balloon.
The spotlights were away from me as I heard the crescendo of noise when the selection was made. Kirsten led a lady to the front, apparently reluctantly but smiling and with a slight unsteadiness from the wine. I noted that she was older than normal, probably in her sixties. Dyed blonde hair, wearing a fitted evening dress. She had the glow of a fresh tan with minimal make-up so had probably been on holiday for at least a week already. She must have been a 'looker' in her day; she still had a beauty that defied the years. A good choice, I thought.
Kirsten had the microphone "Can you tell everyone your first name?"
"Lauren".
Lauren took the seat proffered and I launched into my patter. Hopefully it would result in the guest being in a suggestible state, that could be progressed into a light hypnotism although I had no intention of deliberately inducing a deep trance. So I asked her supposedly random questions, designed to elicit answers that I wanted for a forthcoming illusion. It was a continuation of a process that I had started early in the evening. This went well, with a constant stream of conversation until I had sufficient clues all fresh from her own mouth.
"Please indicate the sexiest man present", I commanded.
To no-one's surprise she pointed to our male dancer Brett.
At this point I normally had some fun, a bit of time-wasting for the act but hopefully entertaining. "Close your eyes; you are alone with him. What would you do next?"
I expected her to laugh with embarrassment and possibly blush, but Lauren had lost her inhibitions. She stood and started to strip-tease.
She danced seductively in a circle, wiggling her hips then reached behind to unfasten her dress. Suddenly she stood wearing just her heels, black satin push-up bra and panties, then started to prowl towards the man like a big cat as the dress lay in a heap on the floor behind her.
I realised that she was much further hypnotised than I had intended but there is a principle that people will only do what they want to -- they cannot be forced into anything. I'd come across this before, some people are just very easy to hypnotise when relaxed with booze.
Lauren had a good body, which we all had a better view of when she promptly unclasped her bra which she hurled into the audience.
Her breasts sagged loosely, white with pale pink nipples in contrast to the rest of her skin. They were quite small so didn't droop too far south, nowhere near as far as the panties which reached high to her midriff. Clearly her sun tanning regime didn't extend to going topless on the beach like many women did.
I heard a disturbance from the audience and saw a man running towards the stage. As he neared, he grabbed the bra from the table where it had landed then continued towards Lauren. When he came into the bright lights I could see his features and recognised him as my old employer, Jonesey.
* * *
I looked again at Lauren, paying more attention to her face. Yes, she was indeed the lady who had made me sneeze at the awards night so long ago.
Jonesey picked up the dress from the floor and thrust it at his wife. However she was having none of this and hooked her thumbs into the waist-band of her panties to pull them down as she tottered on her heels.
The crowd erupted as he wrapped the dress around her shoulders and pulled her hands from her knickers. She looked at her husband with a sneer and pushed him violently away, however she was standing on one of his feet which caused him to fall flat on his back.
Then Lauren was off, in pursuit of Brett as her spouse lay with his legs in the air. She cast her eyes around and saw her prey in the distance. She put her hands behind her head and waved her breasts at him. I waved at Brett, indicating for him to come closer. I didn't want Lauren to fall over the furniture and glassware on the tables.
Brett was in his costume of tight shorts and boxing boots to best display his physique. Our normal ploy in this event was for him to play along, allow himself to be kissed and his muscles to be fondled and then to ease the lady away. This was not supposed to be a swinger's party after all.
Kirsten crouched down to tend to the fallen husband and helped him up. He took the opportunity to ogle at her bare breasts as she dusted down his jacket.
I had the microphone now, as Lauren caught hold of Brett. She rubbed her hands over his shoulders and down over his chest, raising a knee up to his hip. The lady who had been so scandalised at the office party had turned into a vamp on holiday with a stomach full of red wine.
"Tell us Lauren, where are you know?" I held the microphone out for her to speak into it.
"I'm in my room with my lover."
"How do you feel?"
"I'm horny and I'm going to get laid."
"What's happened to your husband?"
"He can fuck off, I've had enough of the little turd."
The crowd was howling with laughter, but Jonesey was looking bright red. I'm not sure whether it was because of his wife's behaviour or because he was standing next to Kirsten with his cheek pressing against the side of her boob.
Lauren took Brett's hand and pressed it firmly against her crotch. "Touch me, my muscled hero. Right there."
With that she pulled at the waist-band of her panties and pushed the hand down deep inside.
"Lauren, your husband is watching. Hadn't you better behave yourself?"
Lauren wasn't listening. She was holding Brett's hand deep inside her panties and trying to kiss him on the lips. "Put your finger inside. Go on, that's it, right there."
The room had now gone silent, and in the hush a voice behind me shouted "Bitch!" and Mr Jones turned and stomped back into the audience. After a few seconds I saw the light flash from an opened door at the rear as he left the premises.
* * *
I eased Lauren away from Brett and Kirsten led her backstage, gathering her clothes as she went.
The audience was in a subdued mood as I completed the performance. When the lights came on for the end of the night and everyone to leave for their transport, I dashed back to the dressing rooms.
Lauren was sitting, sobbing with Kirsten. She was dressed once more and after checking that she was OK I led her to the car park. There were a few taxis about and feeling guilty I gave her a card with my number on before she left.
* * *
We started to pack up the show ready for the night. All the props had to be put away and the place tidied. Most of the cast changed into T shirts for convenience and it wouldn't take long to clear up.
Then there was a knocking at the front door and when someone opened it, in stumbled Lauren.
"He's thrown me out, left me. Can you help me arrange somewhere to stay?"
She stood in her long dress, holding just her purse. Her make up was smudged, a line of mascara running down her cheek.
I showed her to our dressing room and sat her down. Gabrielle gave her some tissue and comforted her as Brett entered the room. It was becoming crowded so I left to make sure that all the kit from the show was being stowed correctly.
After I was done, I returned to find Lauren much recovered and even with a weak smile. "I don't actually care. This has been building up for a while, it's put me in a pickle with nowhere to stay the night but apart from that I'm glad that I've made the break."
I was doubtful as to her prospects for finding a hotel room in that vicinity in the early hours of the morning; there were few establishments locally and most of those would not have night-staff.
However Brett was up to the challenge. "Don't you worry about tonight, we'll look after you. There won't be anywhere round here open at this time but I can find a couch if you're desperate."
She looked quite happy at this idea, even if I rolled my eyes at Kirsten.
Brett had an apartment on the top floor of the building, across the passage from the suite that I shared with Kirsten and Gabrielle. He took her hand and showed her the way.
* * *
I woke early the next morning and made my customary check on the premises before breakfast and the morning's work. One benefit of having the staff living in apartments on the top floor was that everything and everyone was close at hand.
I saw movement through the frosted glass in the door to Brett's rooms so assuming that they were up, opened the door. Inside I saw Brett lying on the couch with a naked Lauren astride him, rocking gently with her white butt in the air. From my viewpoint it was clear that they were both blissfully comfortable indeed so I gently closed the door and left them to it.
After breakfast we always had an early briefing on the roof terrace to discuss the night's show and anything else that needed talking about. In the morning sunshine the meeting was normally unclothed, naturally avoiding the tan lines that came with such a hot climate even when much of the time was spent under shelter. It was important to maintain an even tan for the show and any white bits were difficult to conceal so we all avoided shorts and T shirts outside where possible, leaving such garments for visits to town.
We sat on towels on cushions and bean bags, outlining the requirements for the evening. Brett came out a little late, followed by Lauren who was wearing one of his shirts. Lauren seemed surprised to see us all in a state of undress, which was to be expected but after some sideways glances recovered her composure.
Brett was holding his car keys, "I'll need to help Lauren sort herself out, she hasn't a thing to wear or anywhere to stay while she arranges a flight home."
I was in agreement with that, I felt that we needed to help her out where we could. They soon disappeared into town.
A few hours later they both returned. It was the middle of the day but we had an awning to shelter underneath whenever it became too hot.
Lauren was carrying her passport and not much else in the way of luggage. "He ripped up all my clothes and threw them in the bin, said that I could piss off in the gutter where I belonged. Brett has said that I can stay with him for a couple of days, I've managed to get a flight on the weekend. I don't know what will happen when I get back but I can tell you, it's such a relief."
She was still wearing the over-sized T shirt but had acquired a pair of flip-flops for her feet. "Brett is such an angel, I'll have to go shopping for some basics. But it will take thousands to get me back on my feet."
I told her to relax and save money on non-essentials. "As you can see, we get around without too much baggage here. Not like at Forward Corp."
She stopped still and looked hard at me. "What do you know of that company?"
"I used to work there. Went to some of the company presentations; I remember you there. Do you recall the one with the fire-eating stripper, set light to her nipples?"
Lauren was stunned, "That's an incredible co-incidence. You worked there? What as?"
I told her all about the journey that I had made working for and leaving the corporation.
"I hated that world as well. Robert loved it, just being able to tell others what to do and being a complete prick about it. It was so embarrassing sometimes, acting out the part of the manager's wife while he basically pissed over the workforce."
"Well I learned how to be a boss by doing the opposite of him." I laughed "There are no corporate mission statements here. We just do it."
Lauren followed Brett back towards the apartment, returning a minute later. "I'm feeling overdressed, I'm going to enjoy myself without a husband telling me what to do and wear." With that she pulled the T shirt over her head and stood naked before everyone. "When in Rome, and all that.
"He was such a shit, booking that fire-eater was typical of him. He booked her just so he could leer at her and then have me play queen alongside him. I had his measure though; dragged his sorry ass straight out." She chuckled "I was a child of the swinging sixties, I was at the Isle of Wight festival so I know how to turn on, tune in and drop out. I went to college during the Summer of Love. What a time it was to be young. Now he brings me out to these places so he can letch at the topless girls but he's horrified at the thought of me joining in."
She sat on a cushion in the sun. "While I'm here, I'm getting some proper sun and he can boil his own head as far as I'm concerned."
Brett came out with a spray-bottle of sun lotion. "You need to protect those white bits, otherwise you'll regret it." Lauren stood while he sprayed her with factor 50, smoothing it over her ass cheeks and breasts. When he came to her fluffy patch of pubic hair she separated her legs for him to reach into the crease.
Then she led him back to the apartment again.
* * *
"What can I do while I'm here? I mean I can't just sit around being a parasite. I must help with something." Lauren lounged on a cushion, her pale breasts dangling sideways. "I used to do the administration for the company in the early days, I can help with anything like that, or in the box office, anything. I want to feel useful."
"Can you use accountancy software?"
"I did it before computers I'm afraid. Double-entry book-keeping. It's easy enough once you learn but I suppose it would make no sense to anyone nowadays. I'm very easy to hypnotise apparently, other than that I don't know what skills I have."
In the background Kirsten and Gabrielle were working out. We had a rowing machine and a treadmill under the awning, with a set of weights. We also had a cold-water shower in the corner, so we could wash off the sweat before it became objectionable.
"We could always use another waitress I suppose, or bar staff." We had a bar; some guests wanted a change from the free wine and we were happy to sell booze as well as give it away.
"I could cook, I'm good in the kitchen -- did a lot of courses over the years to occupy my time."
"OK, whatever, we'll show you what to do and see how you do. Don't worry anyway, we'll look after you until it's time for your flight."
So Lauren disappeared with Brett to check out the kitchen while we finished off the plans for the following night's entertainment.
When she returned, wearing a towel tied around her waist like an apron, she laid down plates of food. As she bent over, I had a good view of her fine ass, round and firm despite the passing years. Damn she was a splendid specimen of a woman. "You look in shape, do you work out? I ventured.
"Years of yoga, pilates and walking the dogs through the hills." She twisted round to look at me.
I was slightly distracted by the sight of her tits hanging down, swinging gently from side to side and it wasn't until she stood upright and removed the towel that I noticed that she had removed her thatch of pubic hair.
"I borrowed Brett's razor", she announced as she sat. "I couldn't help notice that I was the only one here that wasn't clean-shaven - and if there were any curly hairs floating in the food there was only one place that the could have come from. It feels really strange, I'm not used to feeling any breeze there."
Her legs were slightly apart, with darkly pigmented labia protruding from her pussy. "The years I've wasted on that pig, no more. He only married me to be a trophy wife, I was doing some modelling and promotion work when we met. He couldn't even get it up. It came as a bit of a disappointment after my wild-child youth."
She slid her hand across the newly shaved area and pulled the skin up tight, so that her clitoris protruded. "Now I've got all those wasted years to make up for, it's been years since I had an excuse for a good trim."
* * *
The white-haired witch picked up the pointer and indicated a man amongst those watching. She gave a cackling laugh and beckoned him to the stage. The pointer was pale and stiff, a wizened and shrunken depiction of a human arm with the index finger sticking forward and the thumb forming a circle with the middle finger.
The man was portly; his T shirt failed to totally contain his belly which hung over garish beach shorts. The Magician inquired as to his first name and occupation, the man said that he was a civil servant.
Behind them a cauldron bubbled and steamed while the witch danced around the fire, wraiths of smoke about her casting spells. At the finish she rose with her arms high in the air. Her black robe fell open and showed an elderly breast, empty and hanging loose with a flat nipple.
She shrieked; the man was being untruthful. The Magician pressed further; the man was reluctant to disclose that he operated speed enforcement cameras.
The crone caught the man's head and held him close, pressing his face against the cold flesh as though he was suckling from her dryness. Then she cast him away as the gown slipped away from her other shoulder. A golden clasp at her belly held the robe together as she led the man to a board.
A silken cloth was draped to conceal his body as he was restrained by straps, face up. His beach shorts and T shirt were removed before he could protest.
In a blink, the clasp unfastened and the gown lay discarded on the floor. Her body, naked but for black thigh-high boots, glistened in the reflected moonlight. Her face was to the stars, her long silver hair reached down to her buttocks. Her thin bristle of pubic hair was trimmed to the shape of an inverted crucifix and was of the same hue as the locks on her head.
Below the cloth she positioned the finger and thumb of the pointing hand so that it encircled his organ, holding him upright.
Silently the old woman moved the hand so that he was manipulated and became erect. The audience was spellbound. The silhouette of his vertical penis was clearly visible.
The witch chanted more spells, her breasts rising and falling as her arms moved above the man. Whenever the cloth began to subside, the woman moved the hand so that he rose once more.
Eventually she finished her incantation and the straps were unfastened beneath the silken shroud. Then with a flourish the cloth was removed, but he found that the fingers of the hand no longer held him. Coiled around his penis was a live snake, tongue flicking as it squeezed firmly.
He hated snakes more than anything else in the world. His eyes bulged but he remained rigidly still, terrified of making a sudden movement. The woman released his bonds completely but still he did not move.
After several seconds, as the grip became tighter the man slowly sat up and nervously tugged the reptile away. It fell to the ground and slithered away as the man sprinted back to his seat. As he ran through the auditorium he clutched at the erection that waved before him.
The woman turned her back to the crowd. She bent down to hook up her robe with the fake hand and waved it over her head.
With a flash, the robe turned to a cloud of glitter and smoke. When it cleared the old woman had disappeared. Only her tall boots remained, still standing upright.
* * *
Kirsten had left me.
Just like that, gone -- with her girlfriend Gabrielle. Both of them disappeared one day while I was away on a short business trip.
She didn't want to be with me any more, after everything that we had done together. But I couldn't have been more accommodating. What else could I have done to keep her?
I did not know that she had been planning this betrayal so I won't lie, after all this is my account for you all to know the truth. And the terrible truth is that I reacted without thinking or considering the consequences.
Lauren came to my assistance in my hour of need. She had decided earlier, after a few days of deliberation not to run after her husband and plead for a reunion. She quietly missed her flight and stepped into the breach, joining the company. She made herself useful, doing whatever jobs she could -- later helping out with the show when I found myself distraught at the disappearance of Kirsten and Gabrielle. However she did not know of what happened later, she is innocent of any wrong-doing.
After some training she has come to do an excellent job with the darker themes that have crept into the programme. Some people run away to join the circus when they are teenagers; Lauren was much older than that, however she was able to learn the elements of the production quickly and has now become a natural performer with a dark humour.
She was keen to add her own elements to the illusions -- and calm down some of my wilder ideas. Together, whether by chance or design we have managed to avoid killing or seriously injuring anyone from the audiences.
I found my wife and her lover quite quickly after their disappearance, without too much difficulty. Did they think that I was some schmuck who would just let them both leave my life without a second thought? It had only taken a few weeks of discreet enquiries - in truth my existing subscription to one of the many web directories that sell data to companies, usually for marketing purposes.
An online directory of names, addresses, emails, telephone numbers, employment, social media accounts -- all in one simple search with a regular monthly payment.
As part of the act I always had some members of staff ask a few questions of audience members before they were even inside, then do a quick online enquiry. As a result, when the performance was underway I would have some snippet of information that would surprise someone. The name of their dog or place of work, perhaps their gym or a deceased relative. Snippets that could be written down and placed within a sealed box suspended on a wire throughout a performance, for example.
Common enough information, used widely within the industry especially by people who present themselves as clairvoyants, spiritualists and mediums. Also used of course by straight-forward charlatans and fraudsters.
Sometimes it was as easy as checking out FaceBook. After all, many people booked tickets online under their own name.
What I used was basic stuff that would be dressed up in some flim-flam to suggest supernatural powers. Kirsten and Gabrielle knew that I did this in the act yet seriously expected that I would not be able to trace them. They were mistaken. How is anyone expected to cope with such a desertion? Of course I would try to find out where they were. Kirsten was such an important part of my life, I could not bear it.
When I had located them, I had taken Kirsten's hand that had given me so much pleasure, that she had thought was now only for Gabrielle. That hand was for me to control and me only.
No-one knows it but that embalmed hand is giving me assistance once again. Just as secret is the fact that Kirsten and Gabrielle are both back and are still part of every performance, watching from the foliage that surrounds the stage.
With the developments of the act, I decided to use a stage-name after all. I will not tell you here what my new name is, or the title of the act. One day you may find yourself in my audience and I would not wish to spoil the surprise.
Will you buy tickets for a magic show? Sit back and enjoy the performance, some of what you will see is real -- it is for you, the esteemed audience to determine which parts are illusions and which are not. But when you come, do not blink and remember; do not trust anything. Just watch the show.