I hadn't really thought much about watching my wife with another man before we got married, but some how after 7 years of being together, married with 3 kids, the image and fantasy of it had started to keep on flashing before my eyes, almost at anytime anywhere and the thought of it now really turned me on.
I started to look online for sites that could satisfy this urge in me, but the more I looked the more turned on I got so I started buying DVDs of threesomes and gangbangs for my wife and I to watch to try and gauge her reaction to the idea.
My wife is just a normal housewife, but she is hot and attracts a lot of attention from men whenever we go out anywhere. She is 31, a petite lady about 5 foot 4", and a size 8 but she has fantastic double D breasts, she is great in bed and we have a regular, satisfying but safe sex life until about 3 weeks ago.
Kaye had never before been with more than one guy at a time, she had only had 2 other partners before we married and we never really discussed the thought or fantasy of having another man join us for sex. In fact every time I bought it up she would dismiss the idea out of hand and tell me that she only wanted me. Whilst this was very comforting and re assuring for me, I wanted more and she knew it.
I wanted to see her with another man so bad that it made me hard for most of the day thinking about it, and I would look at every guy as a possible partner for her and imagine them fucking her whilst I watched. I was jerking off to the mental image almost daily and could think of nothing else but watching her every time we fucked.
We watched numerous porn films and I bought books for her to read, but she never really showed much interest, and practically refused to discuss it, even during sex.
I had practically given up on the idea, when out of the blue we were invited to an overnight function for a business colleague of mine at a major hotel in the city without the kids and I thought that this was an opportunity to convince her to at least consider it. We had been out shopping in the city all day and hadn't had time for lunch, so by the time we got to the function around 6pm and started on the champagne I made sure she was well and truly drunk in less than a couple of hours.
Kaye looked fantastic, and she was wearing a white loose plunging v neck cocktail dress with no bra that was almost see through and stopped at about her mid thigh. You could plainly see her lacy white G and for most of the night she was surrounded by every single man in the room at some stage and was continuously being hit on.
This obviously excited her, as her nipples were rock hard every time I saw her and as I had deliberately made myself scarce all night, she had no choice but to soak up all of the attention she was getting. The only time I went near her was to give her more champagne and to occasionally rub against her and tell her how hot she looked and how hard I was going to fuck her when we got back to the hotel.
At around 10pm, the function had finished and the stayers were either in the bar or on the dance floor by this time, so I went to the rest room and to my surprise and perverted satisfaction, when I was in one of the cubicles I overheard 2 young men discussing the hot bitch in the white dress and how they would both love to fuck her.
I wanted to jerk off right there, but decided that my cum would look better on my wife's face or cunt later that night so I just left the rest room and decided to find her and take her home and fuck her stupid.
When I went to the bar, again to my surprise she wasn't there and after a bit of searching I found her out on the dance floor with one of the strangers I had overheard in the restroom. My wife is a great dancer and will dance all night if she can, so I decided to sit back with a nice cold beer and watch her let loose with the stranger that I knew was trying to seduce her.
He was all over her, and at one point even began kissing her neck and was continuously grabbing at her arse and tits. Kaye was putting up a good effort at keeping him at bay, but he was like an octopus and he certainly got more than a good feel on many occasions.
At one point in the darkest corner of the room I thought noticed that he had lifted her leg up whilst dancing and he quickly but deliberately brushed his hand under her dress and touched her beautiful cunt through her panties. I almost came on the spot and couldn't believe how turned on I was watching this young guy feel up my own wife.
They danced well together and I had a hard on the whole time, so every time she looked across the room at me I would just wink or smile to let her know that I was comfortable and that she should keep on dancing as she obviously enjoyed the company and touch of this young man who was well built and must have been in his early twenties.
After about half an hour of this she went to the restroom, then came over to me and told me that we had to leave now as she was really wet and needed fucking.
I noticed her friend and his mate leaving the room and whilst I was disappointed that her friend wasn't joining us I knew what I was in for, but more importantly I knew that she had gotten turned on by the episode and this was the opening that I was dreaming of.
When we got to our room Kaye practically tore my clothes off and started sucking furiously on my cock, and when I asked her why she was so horny she just blurted out that when she was dancing with the young man, Steve was his name, he told her how hot she was and how he and his mate wanted to fuck her.
Even though my cock was about to explode, I wanted her to talk about it more and made her lick my balls and up and down my shaft and tell me more about her friend and what had happened.
She went on to explain that he was rubbing his hard cock against her and that had even rubbed her pussy on the dance floor and actually stuck his finger into her at one point. He also grabbed her hand and made her rub him through his pants. He apparently had quite a large cock on him and it had turned her on to the point that the last time she went to the restroom she even fingered herself after peeing.
Well at this point I blew my load all over her face and mouth knowing that my wife had been fingered, and then fingered herself in the toilet after rubbing another mans hard cock.
She just groaned and rubbed my load into her skin and on to her tits.
My cock didn't even look like going down at this point so I just picked her up and fucked her spread eagled on the bed, holding her legs as far apart as possible by the ankles and made her tell me how much she liked it and how much she wanted to fuck her young friend and his big cock while I watched.
This talk made her cum hard, and without missing a beat I flipped her over and decided that as she was so drunk and horny at this point that it would be a good time to fuck her in the arse.
We have had anal sex before and she is amazingly tight and normally I don't last very long, so knowing that I had already blown once that night, that I would last a lot longer this time and could take full advantage of her and the situation.
I pushed my super slippery cock against her tight little arsehole and told her to imagine that it was her young friend Steve pushing his cock into her and that she had to lay there and take it like a good slut wife.
Again she groaned and really pushed back hard, so hard that I was halfway in on the first stroke. I worked her arse for at least 15 minutes and really gave her a hard pounding, and she fingered herself the whole time talking dirty to me, and making her call me Steve.
I could feel the cum building up in me and told her that her Steve was going to cum deep up in her arsehole and fill her with his seed. With that she screamed like I have never heard before and she came for the second time that night as I pumped her full of my cum.
As I rolled off of her and she began leaking cum onto the sheets, I knew now that I had her in a position that I could take advantage of in the future, so I immediately began planning for the real thing the following weekend...
End Part 1