Back in the pre-kids days, my wife and I went out a lot more than we do now. Back then she was my girlfriend, so I will refer to her as being my girlfriend in this story.
We got ready to go out, showered and dressed up. I wore smart jeans, a shirt and leather shoes. My girlfriend wore a pencil skirt, a blouse and tights with a pair of strappy heels.
We caught a bus into Manchester, so we could go out in the city centre and have a few drinks. Our intention was to go out for a meal and a few drinks.
Once we got to the city centre, we found a nice little restaurant that served French food. We ordered drinks and starters, all very normal. My girlfriend was happy, and conversation was flowing well. She quietly told me that she had made a special effort with her underwear and it was a real shame that I couldn't see it. We were in the middle of a posh little restaurant, so there clearly wasn't going to be some porno-style striptease happening, and no chance for her to flash, due to the tight pencil skirt, but I was keen to know what she was wearing under the exterior layer.
I suggested that she go to the bathroom, take off her panties, and bring them out to me. That way, she'd be without her panties and I would get a sneak preview of what she was wearing underneath.
She got up and made her way to the bathroom. After what seemed like an eternity, she returned and discreetly handed me the panties. The lace and nylon felt nice in my palm. Under the table, I opened my hand and looked at what she'd given me. I was holding a pair of lace fronted panties in black and red, with a black sheer nylon back. They weren't brief, but they were quite see-through and revealing when worn. I told her that they were a great looking pair of panties and I would enjoy seeing her wearing those some other time, but for now, I was going to keep them safely in my pocket.
I asked her if she was wearing a matching bra. She replied that she was, and also that she had a matching suspender belt and complimentary black lace-top stockings with a red trim. I was so excited to hear this. My girlfriend had a great body and I could imagine her wearing the matching underwear.
We ate the rest of the meal and had some more drinks, chatting and enjoying each other's company, but I couldn't stop thinking about that outfit she was wearing!
We paid and left the restaurant and headed back to the bus stop. As we got there, we passed an alleyway and my girlfriend suggested that I could see some more if we went down the alley. I followed her down there. It was well lit and there were no cameras to observe our fun.
She reached down and pulled up her skirt, to reveal the stocking tops, neatly framing her beautifully shaved pussy and the suspender belt. I kissed her and she responded, pushing her tongue into my mouth. I told her that she looked awesome, and I wanted to fuck her right here. She turned around and bent over, ready for me to enter from behind. I pulled my cock out of my jeans and pushed it gently but firmly inside her. She gave a little squeal of delight as my cock spread her open, filling her wet pussy.
The image must have looked fabulous, her with skirt pulled up and her sexy outfit and me with my jeans open and cock out. I kept an eye on the end of the alleyway while we banged away, hoping that we wouldn't be caught. When I finally came, the thick come started rolling out of her soaking wet pussy almost immediately, down the inside of her thighs and down her stockings. She pulled her skirt back to the right position and gave my cock a quick suck to get it clean, which was part teasing and part fabulously intense.
After a short wait, the bus arrived and we boarded, sitting at the back, where I got a quick flash of her thighs, stocking tops and pussy. I reached down and fingered her discreetly as the bus travelled toward home.
This must have made her ready for action again, as once we got off the bus, she pulled me into the local park which was across the road from our house. I was led to the edge of the field, where she climbed onto a bench and told me to fuck her from behind again. I pulled up her skirt and she spread her legs apart, giving me access from the rear. I plunged my cock into her and started ramming her as hard as I could. After having come once already, the second time would take much longer, so I wasn't worried about coming too quickly and banged away furiously.
She loved this, gasping, groaning and moving her head from side to side as my body slapped into hers. Although I had no come left, I came again inside her pussy and as I stopped moving I could feel her pussy twitching, quivering, pulsing and gripping me. She had been coming hard too.
When we finally got home, I got her to hitch up her skirt so that I could look at her legs and the come soaked stockings. The sight of the wetness made me horny again and I took the opportunity to fuck her again before we finally collapsed into bed and slept until the morning.