This is the story of an older couple who shared building a business but ran into trouble with their relationship and are getting back together but in a more open manner.
Edited by WindySwimming
Q gives Angie a massage and Bob enjoys video
Bob went off to work Monday morning as Angie kept her normal routine working out with Mark and then her weekly massage with Q. After lunch with Q she had tutoring sessions. She enjoyed her session with Q but was more excited to see if Bob would watch the video of their session.
Bob got home for dinner around seven. They talked a lot about the weekend. They agreed that Sunday was one of the best days they had together in a long time. Both wanted to see Shan and DeShawn again. Bob told her he had talked to DeShawn about doing business together. He said there was a possibility of a joint customer between the two firms. He was sure that DeShawn would be coming to New York soon.
After Angie cleaned up the kitchen, Bob asked, "How was your session with Q today?"
"It was a regular. Nothing special."
"Did you have orgasms as a result of his massage?"
"Yes."
"How many?"
"I couldn't guess but several."
"Then I am going to make a DVD of your session and watch it on TV. You will wear only a thong while serving me. You can't have an orgasm tonight but you will only pleasure me. If you have an orgasm, then you will be punished. Understand?"
"Yes, Lord Hall." Just thinking about the evening was exciting her and thought it unlikely that she could pleasure Bob, yet not get off herself. Angie went to the bedroom, removed all her clothes and put on a thong. She also got a couple of towels for them to sit on. From Bob's office he yelled, "Make me some popcorn."
Angie went to the kitchen made a bowl of popcorn, poured herself a glass of wine, and got Bob a beer. When she came back into the TV viewing room, Bob was inserting a DVD into the player. He instructed, "Penelope remove your Lord's clothes so he can be comfortable." Angie removed Bob's clothes, spread a towel for him, and started to sit when Bob commanded, "Sit at my feet on the floor."
"Yes, Lord Hall," Angie said as she spread a towel at Bob's feet and sat where she could rub his feet and legs. He started the video as he ate popcorn and drank his beer.
The video started with Angie on the massage table on her stomach nude. Q was also nude, deep massaging her shoulders. His dick was within inches of the top of Angie's head. The camera had a view from her feet. With her legs slightly spread, her pussy was clearly visible in the camera. Q really was giving her a professional massage.
"You really have a nice all over tan already," Bob commented. Angie was glad that her skin responded so well to the sun. "You are a bronze goddess. Even your fat pussy lips are tanned."
"Thank you, Lord Hall," Angie said. "Are you enjoying the view?" She very much wanted him to enjoy this.
"I am. I think you are already tan enough to go on our make-up vacation. It is me that needs work." He glanced at his somewhat red stomach.
Angie was getting the idea that wherever they were going she would be nude a lot. Ok with her.
Bob continued, "Q seems to be really doing a good job with your shoulders. Think you could do that to me?"
"Yes Lord," Angie said. "Let me get some massage oil."
When Angie came back with the oil Bob asked, "Do you want me to lie down?"
"No Lord, let me straddle you from behind and I can do your shoulders while you watch your movie. Lord I want you to enjoy this movie."
Bob sat forward and let Angie straddle him from behind. She rubbed oil on his shoulders and back, replicating what Q was doing. Angie was enjoying doing this for Bob. Her big tits were 'accidentally' rubbing his back, getting oil on them and making her nipples hard. Just the pressure of the sitting position was causing fiction against her pussy lips. She thought,no way I can do this and not have an orgasm.
Q had moved to Angie's feet and legs. Bob was getting a very clear shot of Angie's pussy on the TV. Bob said, "That feels good Penelope. Did you like having Q staring at your glistening pussy and bronze ass?"
"Yes Lord, I liked being ogled by handsome men. Are you ogling me?"
"Yes I am and it is making me hard. Get on the floor and massage my feet."
Angie sat back on her floor with Bob's feet dangling over each shoulder. His feet were rubbing against her G sized breasts. She kneaded each foot in much the same way Q had. She moved to his calves still sitting between his legs. Q was now deep massaging his fat ass cheeks, his dick was now fully hard and extended.
"He has a nice long dick, doesn't he Penelope?"
"Yes Lord," Angie asked. "Do you like my ass? I think it is too large. Do you?"
"I think your ass is exactly the right size. It looks like Q likes it also."
Q had rolled Angie over to knead her legs. As he lifted a leg her pussy gapped open on the TV screen and was clearly moistened from excitement. "It looks like your pussy is excited. Were you stimulated enough to make the moisture flow?"
"Yes Lord."
"Are you getting excited now watching the movie?"
"I am but more because you are enjoying the view of me. That is what is exciting me now."
"Show me," Bob instructed. She removed her panties and stood in front of him with her legs spread. Bob rubbed his hand over the outside of her slit as he said, "Remember no orgasms."
"Yes Lord, I will try but that feels so good. Please let me have an orgasm."
"I don't think you deserve an orgasm. Your Lord was working while you were being pleasured by this man."
"Yes Lord, I understand. But I am hoping for your mercy." He was still rubbing her fat lips allowing his middle finger to barely intrude into her slit. "My Lord that feels so good, can I just have one orgasm, I will suck your dick so good for just one."
"I will let you have one so make it a good one." With this Bob let his index and middle fingers enter all the way into her slit. As he moved back and forth on his hand, his finger was hitting the right spot. Angie had to do some pelvic thrusts, causing his finger to hit her sensitive spots and shivered with a good orgasm. When it was obviously done Bob said, "Time for your punishment, lay over my knee."
She lay over his knees. He gave her two whacks per cheek. This only made her more excited, thinking she was going to have another orgasm by the fourth whack. With two more whacks she was right that she had another orgasm. She tried to hide it but the shudder she made was felt by Bob.
"Did you have another orgasm with that last strike?" Bob asked. "Don't lie, I will know."
"Yes Lord Hall."
"Ok that means four more whacks," Bob thought sinisterly. "Or you can place you finger in your pussy and have all the orgasm you can while I give you six whacks. Which is it?" While he was talking he was rubbing Angie soft red ass cheeks.
"Lord Hall, I want six," Angie answer immediately placing three finger in her pussy. Bob gave her six more smacks and she managed one continuous orgasm with the punishment.
"That is all you can have. Your ass is now red instead of brown."
He let her up. She looked up at the TV and saw that Q had both her legs probed on his shoulders with his dick deep inside her pussy.
Bob said, "He has his dick all the way in that beautiful pussy. Spread your legs." He patted her fat pussy several times. "I think that pussy really liked being fucked by Q. Didn't it?"
"Yes it did, and it really likes the attention you are giving it now. It really likes the pats and wants more. It wants another orgasm. Can it please have another?"
"No, it is time to take care of Lord Hall. Suck his dick while he watches Q pound that beautiful bronzed pussy. Your pussy and Q's dick are almost the same color."
Angie knelt between his legs taking his swollen member in her mouth. Angie moaned both on the TV and while slurping Bob's dick.
"Oh yeah, that feels good," Bob said. "You are a great cock sucking whore. Aren't you, Penelope?"
Without taking his dick out of her mouth she said, "Um...ha."
Q was still pounding her pussy on the screen as she worked on Bob's dick. She desperately wanted to touch her hurting pussy but she did not want to make Bob mad. She knew she was being greedy considering how many orgasms she had in the last couple of days. She wanted to please Bob.
"Put some oil on your tits and masturbate my penis with them." She raised up and made an event out of oiling her tits particular between them.
"Would my Lord Hall like to help?" Angie asked smiling.
Bob took more oil and rubbed her tits from side to side and all over. He slumped on the couch so it was easy to position his dick between her breasts and still watch the movie. She cupped her hands on either side of her breast and pulled them up and down on the shaft of his dick. She was able to catch the tip of his penis in her mouth as her breast slipped down his dick. Bob started a thrusting motion up and down her breast so she could stay motionless and allow his tip to enter her mouth more deeply. Even though she wanted to have another orgasm, this felt like a giving thing for her to do for him.
"Did he fill you up when he came?" Bob asked as Q had his orgasm deep inside her.
"Yes, my Lord" Angie barely got out between strokes in her mouth.
"Well get ready, I am about to fill your mouth," Bob warned.
"Give me all you have," Angie said wanting his cum. He groaned an animal sound as his dick erupted into Angie's mouth.
"Take all you can," Bob yelled as he came in her mouth. She got a lot of it but not all. "Clean me up now." She licked the cum that landed on Bob legs and swallowed it. He reached for her, pulling her on the couch and hugged her hard. Then kissed her.
"That was great," Bob said.
"I am so glad you liked it," Angie said.
"Did you enjoy doing that for me?"
"Yes, but I would have liked a couple more orgasms but I know I am being greedy."
"You will have lots tomorrow night. I have something special for you. Think about that."
"What do you have planned?"
"Be patient, you will find out soon enough," Bob said. "Now give me a shower and then we can go to bed."
Bob and Angie showered together with Angie cleaning Lord Hall from head to foot.
Bob and Angie have an erotic pool game
Angie was up early to fix breakfast for Bob. She was wearing a tee shirt only. Bob was dressed for work when he came out of the bedroom. She had his breakfast ready for him and already on the table.
"Good morning, beautiful," Bob said as he observed his sexy wife's readying his meal. He slapped her on the ass as he sat down.
"Good morning, handsome," Angie said with a smile. "Do you have a full day?"
"I do and have dinner scheduled. So don't worry about dinner for me."
"I thought you had a surprise planned for me," Angie said with a frown.
"I do. After I leave you will find a package in the hall closet with instructions. I think you are going to enjoy it but you will need to trust me and do what it says. You won't exactly know what is happening until it happens."
"Yes Lord, I am committed to passing all your tests. Can you show me how to use the camera and make a video?"
"Sure right after I eat. It is easy and will only take a few minutes. Why?"
"If you don't have anything planned tomorrow night I might surprise you. Hopefully for extra credit but you will have to trust me."
"Touché," Bob laughed. "What is good for the goose is good for the gander." Bob finished his breakfast and showed her how to do make a video.
Angie went to the closet and found the package. It read, 'Tonight at seven wearing the enclosed outfit walk to the Irish pub on the corner of 5th and 85th. You can wear a raincoat on the street but not at the pub. There you will find the night's challenge.'
Angie looked at the outfit. It was a halter top and a blue jean skirt. She was running late for her yoga class so she put it aside to try on after she got back from her tutoring classes.
As she got home she had a glass of wine, took a shower and tried on the outfit. The top was a halter top made of a colorful scarf material. It had a string around the neck that held up the scarf material in the middle of her cleavage. It was tied in back with a string attached to each side of the scarf forming a drape over her tits. It covered to her midriff. It's thin material showed an outline of her large areola in the light. The blue jean skirt rode lower on her hips leaving a gap between the scarf and the top of the skirt. The skirt covered to just below the crease of her ass. The skirt was very tight. As she looked in the mirror, the outfit was somewhat revealing standing but walking would make the skirt ride up making it even more revealing. She was glad that she could wear the coat on the street.
She was very curious what Bob had planned but she was determined to make a go of it. So at seven she left the condo and walked to the Irish Pub which was a local pub with a small separate pool/dart hall. She walked in removed her coat and hung it on a rack at the entrance. There were about twenty men and women in the place. The men were all blue collar types and the women were dressed in a similarly slutty as herself only no one was as well endowed.
Then she saw the reason for the night. There at a table drinking beer were Bob with Bart, Jeremy and a young woman. She was a tall bleach blonde, slender with overly large breast for her slim size. Her features were sharp. She was wearing a similar outfit to Angie. She had a ring in the side of her nose and tattoos on the arm.
Angie walked up to their table, put a hand on her hip and said, "Bob, I thought you were entertaining a client?"
"I said I had dinner scheduled. We have been waiting for you," Bob said as he got up. "Of course you know Bart and Jeremy. Jeremy introduce Barb."
"Angie this is one of my girlfriends, Barb."
Barb got up and extended her hand to shake with Angie. Angie sat between Bob and Bart. Bob asked, "What would you like to drink?"
"What are you having Barb?" Angie asked.
"I am having a margarita on the rocks," Barb answered. "I like tequila."
"That is what I will have," Angie said.
Barb smiled and said, "I will go get it. No need to wait for a server."
"What is going on?" Angie asked Bob.
"I was so happy with the work these guys did on the bathroom, I went by to see Bart to let him know. I told him I would like to buy them a beer and after some discussion, I found out that Jeremy thinks he is good at pool." Bob looked at Jeremy with smile.
"You are damn right, Barb and I are both very good," Jeremy said. "We come here all the time and play."
Jeremy did not know it but Angie was also very good at pool. She played a lot in college and had entered and won several open tournaments. Bob also played but he was nowhere close to being as good as Angie. They had a table set up in the condo the day they bought it and played regularly. Bart knew about the table but did not know how good Angie was.
Barb got back to the table with drinks for everyone. "Tell me about yourself," Angie said to Barb.
"I am an artist. I have been trying to make it with drawings and painting but so far not very successfully. I do art drawings for a tattoo shop just down the street. Which is how I make ends meet. Do you have any tattoos?"
"No, I have never considered it," Angie answered. She looked at Bob and he gave a slight imperceptible nod no. She felt a hand reach for her thigh. Then a second hand on the other leg. She looked down noticing her skirt was almost at her pussy and a hand was on each leg. One was Bob's and the other Bart's. She looked at Bob and he gave her 'I planned this smile'.
"Well you should let me do something for you. I have five tattoos. The lace garter around my leg," Barb said as she got up and pointed at the tattoo just below the hem of her pleated mini skirt. Her skirt was shorter than Angie's barely covering her pussy lips. She was so slim it was probably a size two. Angie thought she could see something dangling between her legs but decided it was her imagination.
Barb continued, pointing at her ankle, "My ball and chain." There was a tattoo that had a scene of a chain with a ball attached. She sat as she pointed to her arm and said, "This is my idea of Jesus and the other two are in private places. One is a spider web and the other is hawk's wings."
"Oh come on Barb, go ahead and show them," Jeremy said clearly getting drunk.
"Oh Jeremy, I just met her. Maybe I will when we go to the little girl's room," Barb said giggling and also clearly getting tipsy.
Angie had finished her margarita and wanted to catch up. "Anyone else want another round?"
"Yes but let's get the server over," Bob said as he waved at a young scantily dressed girl. When the girl came over Bob said, "This is Mary. She will take your orders."
This time Barb ordered a shot of tequila to go with her margarita and also ordered one for Angie saying, "This is really good tequila, you will like it." The guys ordered another beer with a shot of tequila also.
Bart and Bob had slowly moved their hands up Angie's leg and were now resting at the V of her legs. They each had moved their little finger to each of her puffy pussy lips and were giving the bald orbs of flesh a gentle massage. Angie was getting wet with excitement, knowing what was coming and decidedly pleased with the attention to her pleasure spot.
Mary delivered the drinks. Bob raised his shot of tequila with the hand not working on Angie's pussy and said, "Here is to the guys who did such a good job on our bathroom floor. And particularly to Bob for recuing our damsel in distress from the flood in the bathroom." They all raised their glass, clinked, and gulped the shots.
Bart and Jeremy smiled as Bart said, "Glad we could help. Anything at any time for our damsel."
"Barb, this is good," Angie said to Barb raising her empty tequila glass. "I did not know chilled tequila was this good."
They all settled in to drink. Jeremy put an arm around Barb, resting a hand where her right boob began to swell. The way the scarf draped from her neck to her arm pit this was skin. Jeremy said, "So you two think you can beat us at pool?"
"I think so," Bob answered. "What do you think Angie?"
"Don't know," Angie demurred. "Never seen them play. What do we get if we win?"
"I was thinking we would play six ball and the winner gets a dare from the other couple," Bob explained. Angie knew that six ball would go quickly so the dare portion would be the main feature.
"What are the dares?" Angie asked.
"Anything, I was thinking Bart would announce it before the game started," Bob answered. "Bart could include himself in this part of the game and keep the absolute score. The team that wins the most games win the evening of pool."
"Where is the pool table?" Angie asked.
"It is in a more private room in the back that I have rented for the evening," Bob answered as he pointed to the back of the pub. She could see the door and the sign. She was relieved that they would have some privacy for what she wanted to have happen. Her pussy was now fully simulated and wanted all three of the dicks she could see were hardening. By now, Bart and Bob were having a finger fight to see who could get their digits into her slit. She had alternated between rubbing the bulges in Bob and Bart's pants and drinking her margarita. She knew they were hard.
Jeremy had slid his hand inside Barb's scarf covering her tits and was now rubbing her right breast. Barb's left hand had disappeared beneath the table, probably rubbing Jeremy.
"Let's finish this round," Bob suggested, "and see who is best."
They finished their drinks and headed back to the pool room. The room had four tables along with comfortable couches around the wall plus some padded high stools that could be moved around. There were also darts along one wall with marks on the floor. Angie and Barb lagged to determine which team would break. Barb won the lag. Before she broke for the first game Bart said, "First dare is to get to rub the loser's chest for a minute."
When Barb bent over to break her mini-skirt was so short her pussy was visible. Angie could see she was right about something dangling between Barb's legs. She had a horizontal clitoral ring and a labia ring on each pussy lips near her anus with a gold chain dangling between the three points making a golden triangle around her vaginal opening. Angie and Bob could not help but stare. She broke and did not sink anything. Bob and Angie looked at each other with a C'est la vie shrug. Angie had to admit it was sexy.
Bob played next and ran the table to the last ball in nothing flat but just missed the last ball. Jeremy made it and jumped up making a yelping sound.
"Take your prize Jeremy," Bart said. Jeremy got behind Angie, slipped his hands under the draped scarf to find bare breasts and nipples. Barb slipped a hand inside Bob's shirt and found his small nipples. She pinched and kneaded his chest while looking him in the eyes. Before Jeremy was finished with Angie nipples they were sticking out to make a pencil eraser shape in the scarf material.
"Jeremy one, Bob zero," Bart said. "Next dare is to fondle the loser's genitals."
Jeremy broke without sinking anything. Angie ran the table and quickly. Bob stood beside Barb and reached under her skirt from the front and behind. Barb whispered to Bob, "Be careful not to pull my chain." Bob rubbed her pussy lips between the rings and his other hand rubbed her asshole. Barb moaned a little while he did this. She whispered to him, "The rings make my clit so sensitive to being fondled. I am going to have an orgasm." Bob could feel her orgasm before Bart called time.
Angie unsnapped Jeremy's jeans and slipped her hand into his pants, wrapped her hand around his hard and straining member for a minute. Jeremy thought he was going to cum.
"Jeremy one, Bob one," Bart said. "Next is an article of clothing, winner's choice."
Angie broke and ran the table. Jeremy now knew Angie was a ringer and he had been had. Angie said, "The tops go." Jeremy took off his shirt and Angie saw again that muscular chest and arms. Barb took her top off and showed off a plastic surgeons creations. Her tits were a D cup on a size two body. They were full but tight, no sag or fleshiness like Angie's big breasts. They were so tight they had a slightly reddish color on an otherwise white body. There was a spider web tattoo over the right breast with her small red areola at the center of the web.
"This is my spider web tattoo," Barb said with pride. "Do you like?" she asked Angie as she held her tits for Angie to see.
"Very interesting," Angie answered. "I think I do on you. It seems to suit you." Barb smiled with pride.
"Jeremy one, Bob two," Bart said. "Angie's break. The next dare is whoever loses has to go as they are to the bar and get ten shots." Angie broke and one ball barely fell. She ran the table.
Barb and Jeremy went to the bar to get the drinks. It seemed that Barb was happy to show off her artwork and enhanced breasts. There were now about thirty people in the pub. They all had a good look. A couple of guys and one lady followed them back and looked in the door to see what was going on. Jeremy did not close the door. They sat the shots plus bottles of water on an unused table.
"Jeremy one, Bob three," Bart stated. "Next is a shot if Bob's team win or an article of clothing if Jeremy's team wins." Angie again ran the table. Jeremy and Barb drank a shot and a gulp of water.
"Jeremy one, Bob four," Bart stated. "Angie still playing. Next dare is an article of clothing." Angie broke without sinking a ball. Barb bent over with her bare tits dangling over the pool queue and her pussy ornament on full display. Bob was ready to fuck her bending over the table right then and there. Angie whispered to Bob, "Want to fuck her?"
"If you want to fuck Jeremy, I do," Bob said diplomatically.
Angie kissed him on the cheek and whispered, "I do."
Bob reached behind her and stuck his finger in her pussy so no one could see. He could feel her drenched pussy. "You are going to have to lose some," Bob whispered.
Barb ran the table. She jumped up and down and squealed a high pitch sound. Her tits did bounce a little but without much jiggling. It was like a grapefruit bouncing in a bag. "Let's see what your chest looks like," Barb said looking at Angie.
Bob took his shirt off and while not as muscled as Jeremy he still was clearly in good physical shape. Angie undid the strings around her neck while Bart did the one around the back displaying her full G's for all to see.
"My God," Barb said taking a big breath in. "Those are magnificent. You should never tattoo those as they are perfect."
"Thank you," Angie said. "They seem to please."
"Jeremy two, Bob four," Bart said. "Barb breaks. Next dare is a shot for the losers and me."
Barb broke and did not sink anything. Bob ran the table again but missed the last ball. Jeremy sank it. Bob, Angie and Bart had a shot.
"Jeremy three, Bob four," Bart said. "Jeremy breaks. Next is an article of clothing."
Jeremy did not sink anything on the break. Angie again ran the table. It was quite a view for the guys to see her massive tits swinging over her pool cue. Jeremy removed his jeans leaving him in briefs. "I think it is not fair that the men have more article of clothing than the women," Angie commented.
"I agree," Bart said, "off with the briefs Jeremy." Jeremy long dick was sticking straight out. Angie wanted to drop to her knees and suck him off immediately.
Barb unzipped her mini-skirt and let it fall to the floor displaying her adorned pussy. Angie and Bob got a good view of her pussy jewelry. Angie thought it was pretty but also believed it got in the way. Barb had a tattoo of hawk wings starting at the top of her slit and extended to her hip bone, forming a 'V'. She had little fat so her hip bone was visible. She reached down and rubbed along her hawk wings and asked, "What do you think of my hawk wings?"
Bob answered, "It is very pretty and artistically displayed, the way it starts at the slit and extends to your hip bones."
She came over and kissed Bob on the cheek saying, "Thank you, kind sir."
As she walked away, Angie finally saw just a little fat. Her ass was not as thin as the rest of her. There was just enough fleshiness to make her butt very feminine.
"Jeremy three and Bob five," Bart said. "Angie's break. Next is if Bob wins one minute of fondling if Bob wins, an article of clothing if Jeremy wins." Angie was tempted to lose just so she could be naked like Barb. Angie could not help herself and ran the table.
Jeremy removed Barb's pussy chains while Angie played. There were now three guys and one female watching from the doorway.
Bob took Barb in his arms and kissed her hard while his fingers on one hand found her wet lips and the clitoral ring and the other grasped the one place on her body that had any fat. Angie kissed Jeremy while wrapping a hand around his hard extended member. She stroked up and down his dick while she kissed down to his muscular chest. She could feel the pre-cum coming from his hard member.
"Times up," Bart said but no one wanted to stop. Bart waited until they split apart. Angie wanted to be naked and ready to be taken. "Jeremy three, Bob six," Bart said. "Angie breaks. If Jeremy wins then an article of clothing from Bob's team, if Bob wins a shot for the losers." Jeremy and Barb were getting drunk.
Angie broke and sank a ball. She ran the table to the last ball and missed. Bob knew this was on purpose but Angie smiled and said, "I choked." Barb sank the ball, again jumped up and down with excitement and smiled waiting to see Bob naked. Angie removed her tight blue jean skirt with some relief while Bob took off his pants and boxers. He was as hard and about as long as Jeremy.
"Jeremy four, Bob six," Bart said. "Barb breaks. Next dare is a shot." Barb did not make a ball on the break. Bob ran the table. Jeremy and Barb took their shot.
"Jeremy four, Bob seven," Bart said. "Bob breaks. Next dare, is winner gets to spank the loser."
Angie whispered to Bob, "Please miss." He missed with one ball left. Jeremy finished the game. Angie went and bent over the pool table with her big butt in the air waiting for Jeremy to give her a spanking. Bob got beside her waiting for Barb. Jeremy gave her a good swat as Angie put her hand over her pussy and inserted her middle finger. With each swat Angie could feel her pussy contract. She did not know how many times Jeremy hit her butt but she still did not want it to stop. Her hand was soaking from the fluids of her stimulated pussy.
Beside Angie, Barb had wrapped her hand around Bob's penis and she hit his ass as hard as she could. But Bob could barely feel her small hand on his butt. It was now the less exciting him to have her hitting his butt as he watched her tits swaying as she hit him.
"Times up," Bart said. "Jeremy five, Bob seven. Jeremy breaks. Next the losers will perform oral sex on the winners for two minutes." Jeremy ran the table.
Barb sat on the couch, put her feet on the couch, spread her legs wide apart, pointed at her twat and said, "Ok big boy, time to take care of Barb." Bob knelt between her legs and started at the top of her slit. He slid his tongue from the clit ring to the labia rings. Barb said, "That feels so good Bob. Flick my clit ring with your hand while you slide your tongue in my slit." As Bob did this Barb was having orgasms as he flicked her ring causing her clit to protrude and get even more pressure from the ring.
Angie, knelt in front of Jeremy taking his hard dick in her mouth. She licked along the length before taking it in her mouth. She sucked half of the length while holding the bottom half.
"Times up," Bart said.
"Oh shit," Barb said, "it was just getting good."
"Jeremy six, Bob seven," Bart said, "Jeremy's break. Winner gets to screw loser for three minutes in the position of the winner's choice." Jeremy broke without sinking a ball. Angie ran the table in less time than any time before.
She jumped on the couch laid back and said, "Mount me." Jeremy got on top of her as she said, "Take my breasts in your mouth and suck as you screw me." Jeremy sucked on her breasts and extended nipples as he bucked on her wet, convulsing vagina. She was having almost continuous orgasms as Jeremy slammed into her.
In the meantime, Bob had Barb bend over the table, pressing her engorged breasts on the table, and inserted his dick in her pussy. Barb also was having continuous orgasms. He pounded her for all he was worth. He could not hold out and filled Barb up just as Bart said, "Times up."
No one moved for a little until Bart said, "Jeremy six, Bob eight. Angie still has the break. Again same dare only it looks like I will have to stand in for Bob."
Barb had Bob's cum running down her leg as Angie ran the table. Angie said, "Barb and Jeremy sit on the couch side by side. Kiss each other while I mount Jeremy and Bart you take Barb."
Bart already had his clothes off and was already hard. He knelt between Barb's legs and entered her still sopping pussy from Bob's jizzum. He took her balloon like tits in each hand and squeezed to make them look even redder from the pressure. He slipped in and out easily. She was still revved from being screwed by Bob.
Angie straddled Jeremy, slipped his dick in her pulsing pussy. She was so excited it felt like she wanted more. Jeremy grabbed her breasts and kneaded. She felt Bob behind her kissing her neck. She reached back and found Bob's dick. Much to her surprise he was growing. As she slipped her hand up and down Bob's dick, she stopped moving her hips. She wanted Jeremy to last a little longer. She reached between Barb's leg and scooped up glob of Bob's cum. She slipped the fluid into her ass hole. When she felt like it was relaxed and slick she said to Bob, "Put your dick in my ass hole."
This was the first time Angie had taken a man in both holes. Bob spread her ass cheeks as he positioned his dick exactly at her anal entry. He slowly pushed forward and it surprised him how easily his penis slipped past her sphincter. Angie was so excited that there was no pain and just having half Bob's dick in her tight hole made her have an orgasm. She told Bob, "I want it all. I want you to fuck my ass hard." Bob pushed in all the way, her ass muscles relaxed as she had another orgasm. Bob pulled almost all the way out and slammed back to smack Angie's fat ass cheeks.
He looked down and saw no distance between her large perfect ass and his stomach. It excited him so much to feel another's man's penis in his wife's pussy while he was slamming her ass hole.
Bart came in Barb. Barb was now spent with two men's jizzum running from her vagina. Bart kissed her gently while he rubbed her still sensitive tits. Barb and Bart looked over seeing Angie bucking Jeremy's dick in her pussy and meeting Bob's thrusts into her ass with her own thrusts. She felt full in both front and back. She was afraid she was going to pass out from the pleasure of these two men's effort. Jeremy could not hold out any longer and ejaculated deep inside her pussy. She stopped moving as she felt his fluids. She squeezed the muscles in her vagina trying to keep him hard while Bob pounded her ass hole. She wanted both men in her as long as possible.
Bob felt Jeremy's ejaculation and it excited him to feel another man's contractions in his wife's pussy and Angie's vagina muscle flexing. That was all he needed to get off a second time. He sprayed in Angie's butt. She felt the fluid running down her legs both front and back.
After a moment to get their breath back they noticed that an audience ten men and two women had also participated in their own orgy and were finishing various forms of masturbation and screwing.
Bob hugged Angie and said, "Babe that was amazing."
"Yes it was," Angie agreed.
"Jeremy, I am afraid to tell you but Angie is the best pool player in this room," Bob said laughing.
"No argument there," Jeremy agreed. "And she is one great fuck."
"Barb is one hell of a fuck also," Bart said. Bob agreed.
"It is time to call it a night," Bob stated. "I have to work tomorrow." It was almost eleven. Bob dressed and went to pay the bill.
Angie hugged Jeremy, Bart and Barb saying, "This was great guys. Let's do it again."
Angie walked through the pub naked to grab her raincoat from the hook and waited for Bob to walk her back to the condo. Jeremy, Bart, and Barb gave her a kiss as they left. Angie and Bob walked back to the condo hand and hand, very much in love.