The room is dark, all but for one soft light casting a warm hue over a bare bed. Two large armchairs are facing the bed, one on each far corner of the bed, maybe 3 or 4 feet away from the bed.
"What did I agree to?" you think to yourself as you are sitting in the chair. The chair is soft with cushioned arms and a high back. When I had asked you to come over because I wanted to show you something, you were surprised when I asked you if you wanted to play along, no questions asked. You looked at me and responded with a hesitant, "ok?"
You did as I had instructed and now you are sitting in the chair in your bra and panties, staring at the bed. I walk in and smile at you. Without a word, sit down in the other chair that is facing the bed. I am only dressed in my underwear, black with grey stripes.
Silence
You hear creak of the floor boards behind you and your skin crawls with goosebumps. Another creak and now you know that someone is walking towards us from behind.
Then you see a white flutter of cloth as a girl appears out of your peripheral followed by a soft scent of perfume. She reaches the edge of the bed and turns around to face us.
She has long black hair framing a porcelain white face with red full lips. She is wearing a sheer silk robe and it is very easy to tell that she has nothing on underneath. You gaze at her and follow the material of her robe as hangs off her shoulders down to her arms. The slit at the front meets between her firm tight breasts and you can see her dark erect nipples almost pushing through her robe. You let your eyes wander further down and your can see that below her waist, the robe has loosened and her smooth bare sex is visible, leading down to long and shapely legs.
You steal a glance at me and see me hungrily looking at her body, my finger tips lightly brushing the arm of the chair.
With one hand she pulls at the belt of her robe and it falls away, letting her robe open, exposing a toned stomach. She shrugs and the robe falls off her shoulders and flutters to the ground. She runs her hands up the sides of her body, letting her thumbs pass over her nipples and then cups her breasts together before releasing them. She slides her hands back down over her stomach and when she reaches her hips, she moves them back to her ass and arches forward a bit.
You feel the warmth between your legs as the blood flows down to engorge your lips, you move a little bit on the chair and just that movement alone sends a little jolt of pleasure through you. Glancing over to me, you see me rubbing my growing bulge through my shorts, caressing and letting my fingers tease the head... as I am fixated on the girl before us.
She turns and places one knee on the bed, then the other as she leans forward. As she leans forward, her heart shaped ass slightly parts between her thighs to show the lips of her sex. She crawls forward and you hear a moan escape my lips as you once again look over and see my hand in my pants, gently stroking my cock. I look at you and smile and lick my lips.
At the sight of me with my hand touching myself, you scootch forward just a bit and slip your hand under your panties. You let your fingers slide past the top of your pussy, over your clit and around the outside of your lips. You run your fingers back up on top of your lips and then push them apart as you make your way back down. Your fingers are instantly covered in your wetness and you begin to move your fingers up and down between your lips.
The girl turn around and lays on the bed on her back. She opens her legs wide, exposing her pussy. With her hands on the inside of her thighs, she moves them down until they are over her sex. One hand moves up to her breast and the other begins to rub in circles her obviously wet pussy. She arches her back and begins to move her hips as she fucks her fingers.
By now you can see that I have my hard fully erect cock out of my pants and I am stroking myself up and down, the head of my cock glistening with precum and my other hand cupped around my balls.
You push your fingers inside you, feeling the heat, and your pussy begins to pulsate with pleasure as your dip your fingers in and out, in and out.
I stand up and let my underwear fall to the ground. I step out of them and walk over to the side of the bed. I look back at you and wink. The girl removes her fingers from her snatch and runs them up her body as she turns to the side of the bed that i am on. She leans up on one elbow and opens up to take my cock in her mouth. Wrapping her full red lips around my shaft, she sucks as I begin to fuck her mouth. She takes me in deep and gags but keeps me inside and continues to blow me with wet slurping sounds... I pull out for a second and she follows my cock, taking it in her hand and running her tongue all over it before taking me inside again.
Now, your fingers are rubbing your clit, in tight motions and you can feel the wetness dripping from your pussy between your ass cheeks and onto the chair.
I pull out of her with a POP! and I go to sit down, my hard on bouncing in front of me as I walk, all wet and shiny with her saliva.
She looks at you and smiles, her red lipstick smeared and she beckons for you to come closer.
You stand up and walk to the other side of the bed. She rolls over to you and you lift your one leg on to the edge of the bed. She moves close and leans up to firmly place her tongue at the entrance of your pussy before she licks up... You feel a jolt of excitement as her tongue parts your lips.
Her hands reach around and grab hold of your ass, pulling you on to her mouth as you bend your legs just slightly to allow her a better angle. She begins to lick you hard between your lips, taking a moment to flick your clit before sliding back down. Her hands on your ass pull your cheeks apart and you can feel the cool air on your asshole as she darts her tongue in and out of your pussy hole.
She stops and looks up at you, her mouth covered in your nectar. She turns her head and looks at me and says, "Fuck her...on the chair"
You walk back to the chair, your pussy throbbing and wet between your legs. I meet you at the chair and turn you around, pushing you forward so that your knees are on the chair and you are holding on to the back of the chair. You arch your back and push you ass out to me. I reach out and grab your hips and pull you towards me.
You first feel the head of my cock pushing against the entrance of your pussy for a second before it slides in between your lips. They keep spreading as the girth of my shaft keeps going inside you until you can feel my pubic area up against your ass.
I begin to fuck you from behind.
Long deep strokes at first, almost coming all the way out... then harder and faster.
Your tits, now released from your bra, are swaying back and forth with each thrust and you feel my balls slapping up against you.
You look over your shoulder at the girl on the bed and she is watching us, furiously fingering her cunt.
"MMmohhhh... fuck her ass, do it now!" the girl says in almost a choked up voice.
As I pull out of your pussy, you can feel the void that was once my cock as my finger slips inside to get it all lubricated with your juices. I run the tip of my finger over your asshole...
"Mm, god, just fuck me", you say.
I pull your cheeks apart wide and push my cock into your ass, all the way in. The pain mixed with pleasure is indescribable and your hear a deep moan come from the girl behind us. I begin to fuck you in your ass and you can hear my grunts as I shove myself into you.
Harder and faster.. the chair almost tips over a couple of times.
I reach up and pull your hair back before giving your ass a hard SLAP once... and then another SLAP.
I lean forward and reach between your legs to rub your clit and you begin to moan...
Behind us, the girl begins to whimper and your steal a glance over your shoulder to see her, her eyes fixed on us and her hips beginning to buck.
Just then you feel it, it begins between your legs and radiates out, your ass muscles clench my cock and you start to shake. My finger keep on your clit as my cock pumps in and out of your tight ass.
"Mmmmmm,ggg,ohhhhh"... you push back against my thrusts.
"Ahhhhhahhhhhhaaaa... aaahhhOohhhhH!" the girl cums hard as your orgasm bursts over the edge and your pussy and ass pulses with wave after wave of pleasure.
Oh god..oh god.. oh GOD! I Yell as my orgasm spills my cum deep inside your ass. I keep on pumping it inside you as far as I can and when I stop, you feel my legs shaking...
I pull out.
You collapse on the chair and turn around feeling my seed dripping out of you.
The girl is standing up, a wet spot on the bed where she lay. She walks over to me and kneels in front of me as I am sitting in the chair breathing hard. She takes my heavy semi hard dick into her mouth and sucks and licks it clean before standing up and putting on her robe and walking past us between the chairs, her hand lightly brushing against your arm as she walks by.
You hear a creaking of the floor boards and there is that lingering scent of perfume... and then there is silence other than the sound of our breathing.