ADVENTURES TOGETHER
by Musings of Pan
I have been going to "Adventures Together", a singles club, for quite some time now. It is a casual gathering of single men and women who have monthly gatherings. These gatherings include things like a bowling night, a pool party, dinner and a play, and other interesting outings. It is a great time to socialize in a relaxed atmosphere. We are not trying to pick up dates so that takes off the pressure. We can all just be who we are without trying to impress.
Oh, I am John, 32 years old with a middle management job in a large corporation. I try to take care of myself by running about 4 miles three times a week and playing tennis whenever I can find the time and a partner. It's not that I am not interested in women, I am, it is just that I am not comfortable with the bar scene pickup routine. So I will probably remain a bachelor, which does not bother me.
One evening we were out on a party boat ride. One of those which takes a group out in the bay for a couple of hours with plenty of snacks beer and wine. I was into my third (I think) beer and feeling fine while I stood by the rail admiring the city lights and talking with Jeff and Rita. Rita looked at Jeff and quietly said, "I think it is time we told him." Jeff nodded.
"Tell me what?" I asked, wondering if my fly was open or what other social mistake I was making.
The led me to the bow of the boat where there was no one else nearby. Then Jeff started, "John, you have been with Adventures Together for long enough that we trust you so we can tell you about this. There is another level of the club which is known only to a select few. We have a different type of adventures. The purpose of this smaller group is to provide some safe sexual relief without the burden of long term attachments. We are wondering if you would like to join us. Of course you must agree not to speak of this to anyone outside the group."
It took me a minute to process this. I thought I knew all about Adventures Together and had no clue that anything like this was going on. However, my sex life has been nonexistent for too long now so this might be interesting. I agreed not to tell anyone and asked to hear more.
They explained that this group meets the evening after the club regular monthly activity in a private room at the local VFW post. To find out more I was to be there tomorrow at 7:30 PM and I was assured that I would like it.
I really didn't know what to expect but the next evening I showed up at the VFW post and was directed to a room upstairs. The room was for private meetings or parties, plainly furnished with tables along the walls and folding chairs. I knew everyone there. Six men including me and six women from Adventures Together. Two men were setting up the folding chairs in a strange way, in twos side by side with the two chairs facing in opposite directions. The pairs of chairs were about six feet apart and formed a rough circle. A box of tissues was placed by each pair.
When all was apparently ready Jeff spoke up, "Before we start, as you know Ken had to leave our group because he is moving for a better job. So we have invited John to join us to keep our boys and girls balance. He is new to us so be gentle on him." This brought about laughter.
"Our activity for tonight will take place while sitting on the chairs. Girls on the inside of the circle and boys on the outside. You can do whatever you like as long as your partner does not say no. However for the entire hour you must remain seated on your chair. I am sure with a little creativity you can find some fun things to do. To start each lady will lead her gentleman to a set of chairs by the penis."
I was standing next to Jean, a very cute blond with a narrow waist which accented her breasts which were holding her shirt out. She smiled and reached down to unzip my fly while saying, "This is fun." Jean reached in and pulled out my cock which she admired and stroked. After such a long time, a lady's hand on my cock felt great. Then with cock in hand she led the way to a set of empty chairs. Once we were seated I understood the chair placement. We were facing each other within easy reach. This looked interesting.
I leaned in and kissed her. A good sloppy, tongue all in kiss which she returned in kind while continuing to stroke my cock. Her hand on my cock seemed invitation enough so I moved my right hand down her cheek, then neck, and chest to her left breast. I could feel her leaning forward to press her breast into my hand. I was soon fondling both breasts. I looked around and saw clothing coming off everywhere so I brought my hands to the bottom of her sweater and looked at her. She nodded and raised her arms, so I pulled it off over her head. Jean reached behind herself, unhooked, and shrugged off her bra.
Now I could play with her nipples and even suck them. She pulled my shirt up so I took it off. She un buckled my belt and I raised my hips so she could slide off my pants and boxers. I unbuttoned her pants and she raised her hips so I slid both pants and panties down her legs. She was stroking my cock while I was stroking her pussy and finger fucking her while we kissed.
I looked around the room again. OMG, I didn't realize Pat's boobs were that big! Ann has a great figure. I couldn't quite tell what Doug and Sally were doing. They were naked and twisted up together in a way I would not have thought possible.
I was getting close to coming so I stroked her clit with my thumb while my finger in her vagina felt for her G spot. I must have found it because she tensed up and shook. That sent me over the edge and I started spurting cum. We hugged as we came back to earth. She smiled and said, "Thank you."
A short while later the timer went off. I asked, "Does that mean the rules no longer apply?"
"Yes"
"Then come over here."
She rose, moved her chair out of the way and straddled my lap. I positioned my cock at her vagina as she sat down taking me inside. I had forgotten how good it feels with my cock in a vagina. It felt right at home.
She squeezed my cock with her vagina and then started moving her hips in circles. It was different from any fucking I had felt before but it was great. We kept that going slowly. I felt the build to a climax and couldn't help increasing the pace. We came shuddering and clinging to each other. When I came back to earth I looked around and found we had quite a crowd watching us. They started clapping.
I decided this is a much better singles club than I thought.