A friend of my boyfriends who knew I had done some kissograms asked him if I would do one for the company he worked for.
As I would pocket all the money myself rather than give half of it to the agency I said he would to it.
His friend was a few years older than me and worked in insurance, anyway I spoke to him on the phone and he told me it was a retirement do at a golf club and he would pick me up on the night and bring me home.
The night arrived and his friend collected me in his car, I was wearing a black Basque, black fishnet stockings and a tight black sheer thong and my usual high heels.
We drove to the golf club and he told me they were presenting the guy with a retirement present and then I was supposed to come out behind a curtain and surprise him, throughout the drive there he kept glancing at my legs and as it was hot I took my coat off and placed it on the back seat.
How he managed to keep the car on the road I do not know as all he did was glance every five seconds at my outfit, I did enjoy the attention and would fiddle with my suspenders for fun.
We arrived at the golf club and he led to me to a snooker room that was not in use, bought me a drink and said he would come for me shortly.
I gulped my drink down and he was soon back for me and led me by the hand to my victim.
At the appointed time I was led out in to a large room full of people and made my way to an old guy that looked scared to death, anyway I sat on his knee and gave him a kiss and then had about a hundred photos taken with him and he calmed down and had a good time.
Everyone there seemed to like it except for a few middle aged women that seemed to disapprove.
My boyfriend's friend came and collected me and took me back to the snooker room and I had another drink, a few other guys from his company came in and were chatting to me, they were all drunk and their comments were getting ruder and ruder but they were fun.
They even had me taking snooker shots which had me bent over a snooker table with my ass on show as they took more pics, one of them asked me if I did modelling as he was a photographer, I told him I did and gave him my phone number.
The rest of the night was good, I got quite drunk and loved all the attention I was getting, walking round a group of guys half naked.
My boyfriend's friend said he would take me home and I said my goodbyes.
We went out to his car and got in again putting my coat on the backseat, I was having trouble with the seat belt probably because I was so drunk and he leaned over to help me.
As he leaned over he touched my stocking tops and I turned to him and plunged my tongue down his throat that was it we were soon all over each other, I snogged him as he worked his fingers in to my knickers and started frigging my soaking wet pussy.
He stopped suddenly and said he needed to move the car as it was too close to the clubhouse and people might see, he drove the car to the corner of the car park and I unzipped his trousers and started to play with his cock.
We must have been at it for an hour, he put the light on as he wanted to see me and I was so horny I let him do anything he wanted.
I sucked his cock which was a nice size and he licked my fanny for ages.
We finally fucked on his backseat and he gave me two love bites as he shagged me, he turned me over although it was difficult due to the space managed to fuck me doggy style.
I was really horny and was playing with his balls as he fucked me when I looked up and two of his friends were outside the car window watching us.
I screamed and pulled my knickers up and told him to drive away, he climbed over the seat and started driving and I could see his friends just laughing as we pulled away.
I climbed over the seat and sat as we drove and he asked if I was alright, I said yes and that it was just a shock and that I was fine.
As he drove he started playing with my pussy and I was getting horny again, he said we should finish what we started but I told him it was late and I needed to get home.
I did rub his cock as we drove and when he stopped outside my house he had a good snog and a grope of my tits and fanny.
I went inside and told my boyfriend everything, he was so horny he just pulled my knickers to one side and fucked me for the second time that night.
I did have other encounters with his friend and he did cum in me eventually but that will be another story.