This is a continuation of the Naked Hubby series where my wife and I enjoy a little CFNM, exhibitionism and public humiliation for me.
Spring was quickly turning into summer and one Saturday as I was getting dressed my wife looked at my shabby shorts and t-shirt and exclaimed "Those won't do, we need to upgrade your wardrobe, we're going shopping!" She walked away saying she'd meet me in the car.
As I mentioned, it was getting warmer, so I dressed in only shorts, a t-shirt and flip-flops then I headed to the garage and climbed into the car.
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"To the mall, they're having a great sale."
The ride to the mall was uneventful mainly talking about current events and upcoming schedules. We find a parking spot and head in, our first stop was a standard big box chain 'anchor' store. We wandered around women's clothes for a bit, with my wife telling me to go see what I can find in men's. I really don't like shopping for me, so I am half heartedly looking when my wife appears by my side asking if I found anything.
"Not really"
So she tells me, "Well then, I'll pick some things out that I like."
She grabs a couple button down short sleeve shirts and some matching "preppy" shorts and pushes me towards the dressing rooms.
Usually she will hand me the clothes and wait outside, but this time she followed me in and steers me to the back corner where there is a larger changing room. Looking at me expectantly, I begin to take my clothes off so I can try on the things she selected.
I am now fully naked in a public dressing room with the only thing separating me from the public is my wife and a flimsy curtain that doesn't quite reach to sides of the opening. Trying on the first pair of shorts and one of the shirts, we both quickly realize they are a bit too small.
Grabbing up the wrong size items my wife turns to leave and then grabs the clothes I wore in, stuffs them in a shopping bag and tells me, "No matter what, you are not wearing these out of here."
It was at that point I realized I had been set up.
With that familiar twinkle in her eye she says, "Don't go anywhere I'll be right back. Oh, and make it hard for me and we'll have a little fun when I return."
Well that part was easy enough, the instant she picked up my clothes and I figured out I was set up, I was already inflating.
Have I mentioned that I am an exhibitionist and love be to be naked? The more chance I have of being seen the more exciting it is for me, and my wife likes to help me get into these situations.
Anyway, looking at my now solid erection, she simply says. "Perfect!" and disappears out of the changing booth.
A few minutes go by, and standing naked in a dressing room full of mirrors with a hard-on is both exhilarating and terrifying. I love the feeling it gives me in the pit of my stomach. Looking at myself in the various mirrors, I can't resist and grab my cock and give it a stroke. Just as I did that, the curtain flies open and my wife is standing there with and arm full of clothes.
"I knew if I left you alone too long, you'd play with yourself!" She giggles.
Then. "Try these on."
I try on several shorts and shirt combinations. It takes a little longer than usual since in every time I remove my shorts, my wife strokes my cock a little. She occasionally has me walk up and down the dressing room hallway to, "see them from behind" and how they feel for me while I'm walking.
It's the front I am worried about as it is blatantly obvious that I have a raging hard-on tenting the front of my shorts. We are not alone in the store and several men and women are coming and going from the dressing rooms.
My wife would look out the curtain to make sure the coast was clear before sending me out, only for me to discover someone just entering the space. I received a few surprised looks from other shoppers and a few lingering stares from both men and women.
One guy even commented. "Let me know if you need help me with your problem."
My wife was beside herself when she heard him.
Embarrassed, I quickly turn around and head back to the dressing room. She was giggling as she followed me in, barely pulling the curtain shut.
As I remove my shorts, she grabs my erection noting. "You're pretty hard, I think you wanted to take him up on his proposition."
"In your dreams." I respond.
"You mean my biggest fantasy!"
I actually like what she picked out and we settle on a couple outfits, thinking we are done I ask which am I wearing out of here?
"Oh, we're not done yet, I have a bunch more for you to try on."
Grabbing up the various garments, she again is out the curtain again reminding me to, "Stay hard" as she walks down the hallway.
I hear voices out in the hallway and hope that no one ventures down this far.
I'm turned sideways lightly stroking my cock, when I here an audible gasp. Turning, I see a store sales associate blankly staring at me. Realizing I still have my hand on my cock, I quickly switch to covering myself up.
"Your wife said you should try these on." She said handing me some new items.
I ask her to set them on the bench, but she just stands there waiting. Reluctantly, I reach up to take them from her. As I do she once again openly stares at my erection, I am so excited, it is now throbbing with my heartbeat.
I'm waiting for her to leave, but it is obvious that she doesn't have the same plan. I set the stack of clothes on the bench and select a pair of shorts. Stepping into them with a stranger openly staring at your stiff prick is a bit unnerving, but makes me even more horny.
Once I have the shorts on I pull a shirt on. Fully dressed the clerk asks me to turn around. I spin and stop on front of her.
To my surprise she reaches out and puts her fingers inside the waist band. I'm sure we all remember the move our mom would do when checking the fit of our pants. Anyway, this sales clerk was now doing that to me saying, "I needs to check the fit."
What she doesn't realize at first is that my hard-on is point straight up and her fingers are resting right on the swollen head. After a moment of realization, she gives me a wide eyed look, then smiles and slowly works her fingers around my erection. I've been hard for so long I swear I could come just from her light touch.
After a second or two, she pulls her hand out. Looking at her fingers we both notice that there is a bit of fluid on her fingertips. Looking into my eyes, she slowly lifts them to her mouth and licks them clean and gives the slightest of moans.
I actually felt a little more leak out and run down the shaft as she pulled her fingers out of her mouth.
She then leans in and whispers breathlessly into my ear, "Thank you, by the way I'm Sarah." Her hot breath causing me to shiver.
She then reaches and squeezes my hard-on through my shorts. Letting go as she turns to leave she tells me that my wife will be right in with more clothes. A few minutes later, my wife appears, opens the curtain and joins me in the dressing room.
"Why are you dressed?" She asks me. "I told you to stay naked and keep it hard for me, drop'em buddy."
As I am removing the shirt, she asks "How'd you like being walked in on by the clerk?"
I stop to talk, but she just says. "Strip and talk."
Handing her the shirt I begin to remove the shorts while replaying my side of the story. I tell her it was a shock at first, but then extremely exiting. I explained how she "checked the fit" and then licked the precum from her fingers making me almost shoot off in my shorts.
Desy then shares. "Yeah, she stopped me in the hallway and said 'your husband tastes 'yummy' and then offered to help out more if she could. I told her I'd let her know. You should know that you are lucky, it was between her and the male clerk, but I wasn't completely sure if he was gay or not, so I went with the girl that a looked like she had a little 'life experience' if you know what I mean." She added with a giggle.
We've been at it for a while so I ask. "Are we done yet?"
"Not even close," she tells me. "We're going to pay for the things from here and then head to another store."
"Put these on," she tells me, "Sarah took the tags off and will ring them up with the other stuff she is holding at the counter."
I pull on a rather thin pair of white shorts and button down shirt and she then leads me out to the checkout counter. The shorts do nothing to hide my raging hard on and in the bright lights I swear you can see the purple tinge of my erect flesh. Luckily the cash register is near the dressing rooms so I don't have far to go in my excited state. Sarah is waiting for us at the cash register.
"You guys are fun!" she tells us, "You totally made my day, next time you come back ask for me, I'll be your personal shopper! Hell you don't even to buy anything, just try stuff on!"
"We'll do that." My wife tells her. "This may be a weekly thing as much fun as I'm having".
The clerk looks down at my still tented shorts and says. "I'm pretty sure he enjoyed it a lot too!"
As we turn to leave, my wife turns back around and leans in to Sarah and says something to her. I had picked up the bags as I was able to use them to hold in front of me and hide my erection.
Catching up to me I ask my wife what she said to Sarah?
"I asked her about the cute male clerk I told you about, seems he is definitely gay, but hides it pretty well. She told me they both work next weekend, so you may have two private shoppers. What do you think about that?"
She pushed the bags away from my front looked at the tent in my shorts and said. "That's what I thought".
We walked through the mall and stopped in front of several stores. My wife was obviously looking for something specific, I figured it was just a certain type of clothing and didn't give it much thought.
Finally, at one of the higher end adult clothing stores she says. "I like what the mannequins have on, let's see what they have in your size." As she walks in the store."
We wander around looking at the various racks and my wife holds up a few outfits she thinks will look good on me.
"Let's go get a fitting room so you can try stuff on" she says.
You have to check in with the sales person before going into a fitting room, so we did and as she led us to the first one in line, my wife asked if we could go to the back one and the clerk says "Sure" and led us to the last one at the back of the store.
Again with the too small of curtains! Don't these people believe in privacy?
My wife can read me pretty well and says, "You realize that's what I've been looking for as we were walking around? You don't think I'm going to let you hide behind a door do you?"
"I do now, but you know I can't think straight when you get me this horned up? I tell her.
"I know!" She giggles.
Pushing me into the room she says. "Same rules as last time, get naked and keep it hard. I'll be right back with some stuff for you to try on".
I try to pull the curtain as closed as possible, but it still leaves about a two inch gap. I get undressed and keeping myself hard is not a problem, however, I don't dare touch myself, hell, I'm worried just pulling the shorts over my cock will cause me to erupt.
Shortly, my wife is at the curtain, flinging it wide open and comes in with a couple outfits we had looked at earlier.
I grab for the shorts and she notices my ragged breathing. "Are you really that close?" She asks.
"What do you think? I've been overstimulated for the last hour. Hell yeah I'm ready to burst!" I tell her.
"Well don't make a mess on the clothes, I don't want to have to buy them just because you spooged on them!" she laughs.
Gingerly, I slide the shorts up my legs, gently pulling it over my cock and finally get them buttoned and zipped. They don't have mirrors in the rooms, so as I'm pulling the shirt on, my wife pulls me out to look in the floor to ceiling mirror on the back wall of the store.
The sales people see us come out and seeing that we are the only people in the store, all three (two girls and one guy) come over to help. My wife has me turn this way and that, so she can see all sides.
My "tent" doesn't go unnoticed by the first clerk, and she loudly comments "Well there is plenty of room in the front!"
Embarrassed, I try to turn away, but my wife holds me fast. The sales folks are gawking and giggling and one asks my wife if there is anything else that she'd like to see me try on?
"How about some underwear?" The man suggests.
"Great idea!" my wife replies.
"I'll be right back." He says and walk towards the front of the store.
My wife pushes me back into the fitting room and tells me to undress, but she doesn't pull the curtain closed and the sales girls don't budge from their spot. It's obvious they want to watch the show.
The guy comes back with a handful of items and informs everyone. "I locked the door and put up the 'at lunch' sign, so we have about 45 minutes to help our customer."
Handing the underwear to my wife, he tells her. "Find something we'll like."
My wife looks at me and says. "What are you waiting for, you can' try these on over your shorts."
I reach for my shorts and she says. "Shirt first".
I unbutton the shirt and slide it off my arms in front of my private audience. Moving my hands to the shorts I decide to have my own fun. Pulling the zipper down first, I reach in and release my erection, much to the joy of my wife and the three sales folks.
I'm not sure the last time I remember being this hard for this long, and I need release terribly.
Pausing for effect, I turn slightly, giving everyone a good view.
"Wow" "nice" and "oh my" are just a few comments that entice me on.
Undoing the button on the shorts allows them to fall to my feet and I step out of them and I am now completely naked.
My wife had gone through the underwear, and was now holding out what you only be described as "speedo" type briefs. They are black and made of the softest cotton I think I have ever felt. I take them from her and step into them.
As I start to pull them up someone says. "Slowly."
Slow it is. As gradual as I can, I pull the tiny piece of cloth up over my knees past my thighs until I reach my balls. I pause with the material under my scrotum, causing my engorged nuts to hang lewdly over the cloth.
"I don't think it'll fit!" My wife laughs.
I give it a try anyway. Pulling them over my balls and up the shaft. The material ends with about 2 inches of my cock sticking out the top of the waist band. Standing up fully, I drop my hands to my side and turn to model them.
As I turn my back to them, on of the girls reaches out and feels my ass eliciting an. "Oooohh." From her.
"Next." Someone says, and my wife hands me the next pair.
These are white and obviously more for novelty than function as they have a 'pouch' in front and are virtually see through in the back.
I turn my back to them and slowly lower the black pair to my ankles while only bending at the waist. This brings out some more 'Ooohs' and 'Aaahs' and a couple comments about seeing my asshole.
Stepping out of them and into the white pair, I conduct a repeat performance, only this time letting them see my ass the whole time. Once I have them pulled up I turn around and with the mesh, everything in front is on full display.
The male clerk speaks up and says. "The front door is locked, why are we all crowding around this little booth. Come out here where we can all see better."
My wife grabs my hand and pulls me out. I felt like I had some protection in the dressing booth, but being out in the open, even though the door was locked and we are in the back of the store, still had me feeling even more naked. The lights are intense and I can feel the heat from them on my bare skin.
One of the girls says, "I love this, I wish it would happen more often!" Then adds "which ones are next?"
My wife holds up a bright red 'pouch' with dental floss for a waist band and back.
"I'm not sure what that will hold" I tell her.
I grab them and turn to head to the room, but she just says. "Uhuh, right here."
So right there in the open, in the back of the store I strip off the white pair of "nut huggers". I am now completely exposed in front of my wife and three people I have never met before in my life.
Figuring out how to position them, I step into the "strings" and pull them up. Although design to hold both my cock and balls, there is no way my erection will bend to fit into the pouch, so I simply pull it over my swollen balls and stand there jutting out in all my glory. My wife reaches behind me and pulls the string deep into my ass and causing me to wiggle a little having the effect of causing my cock to bounce around, which elicits even more giggles and comment from the audience.
"We better wrap this up," The guy says, "We have about 10 minutes before we have to open back up."
"Booooo!" Both girls remark.
"How about one last treat?" My wife asks.
"What?" The three ask in unison.
My wife continues with, "Well he has been hard and excited for quite some time, and I know he would love to get off. If you guys don't mind he'll jack off for you right here."
"Yes!"
"Will he really?"
And, "Oh my god, I'd love to see that!"
Were all shouted almost simultaneously.
"You heard them Bill, get to it, give'em a show!" My wife tells me.
I am so horny and ready to explode, I'd probably jack off standing in the middle of the mall, so I grab my cock and begin a steady up and down stroke of my shaft.
Stepping behind me, my wife pulls down the thong I had on and I step out of them. I am again completely naked in a public store with complete strangers.
All eyes are focused on my mid section as my hand steadily speeds up.
"I'm really close, where should I shoot?" I ask.
"Let it fly," The guy tells me. "We'll wipe it up and this floor is scheduled to get stripped and waxed next week anyway."
No sooner had he got the words out, my body stiffened, the head of my cock expanded. The first shot flew out in a high arc landing on the floor with the an audible splat.
Three more equally forceful spurts followed in the same arc adding to the growing white puddle on the black tile floor. The last few smaller spurts came out landing on my feet and the rest just dribbled down over my hand onto my balls.
I was weak in my post orgasmic bliss and fell to my knees. Cheers and applause were coming from the three sale clerks as I recovered.
"Wow! That was a ton of cum!" From one of the girls.
"I have to go open up," The guy said as he turned towards the front. Stopping only to say. "Thank you, that's the best thing I've ever seen at work!"
I was still collapsed on the floor when we suddenly realized there were people coming in the store.
Panicking, the two girls rush towards the front, I assume hoping to stall the folks coming in. One of them stops long enough to grab the "Caution - Wet Floor" sign from a nearby wall and places it over my puddle of cum.
Winking at us, "I think I'll leave that there for a while." Then rushes to the front to join her coworkers.
On shaky legs, I muster the strength to launch myself the 10 feet to the dressing room. Just as I am ducking in I turn to see a wide eyed pair of women trying to figure out what they just saw.
My wife follows me into the dressing room, laughing hysterically. "Oh my gosh, that was phenomenal, I love these games and you are such a good sport. I can't wait till the next time. Get dressed so I can take you home and let you fuck me senseless."
Amazingly, as I pull my shorts up I am getting hard again. I absolutely love what we do and replaying the past few hours in my head has me ready to go again.
Once I am fully dressed, my wife and I exit the fitting room almost right into the two women that I am pretty sure saw me run into the booth naked.
I had my previous purchases in front of me, but when I saw them I slid the bags to my side allowing the women a good view of my tented shorts.
Eyes bugged, they just stared as I walked away. When we got to the counter, the sales clerks had a piece of cash register receipt ready with their names and phone numbers written on it.
One of the girls asked if we would please come back when they were working and that we could call them to find out when they were going to be there.
My wife grabbed the paper and told them. "We'll see what happens."
The guy handed a bag across to me, and when I looked inside, it was the three pair of underwear I had modeled for them.
"On me." he said. "I'd love to see a repeat performance and maybe help out with the finale."
"Oh, now that I could get into!" My wife announces.
"ME TOO!" Both girls shriek.
"You have my number." He says with a wink.
My wife and I hustle out of the store and out of the mall to our car.
As we exit the mall parking lot, my wife directs me to, "Lose your shorts! I don't want anything in the way when we get home, I need you to stuff your cock in my cunt as soon as possible."
As she is saying this she is hiking her skirt up and stuffing her fingers into her sopping slit.