Author's note: This story is a rewrite of my first submittal done years ago. I recently pulled it up and improved it. Hope you enjoy. I will soon be submitting several others.
*
Thomas stared briefly into the bathroom mirror appraising his freshly shaved face. Not the smooth, handsome face of a young man, but not bad for a fifty-two year old who had spent years outdoors supervising innumerable engineering projects. He was still in decent shape for his age - firm and fairly lean with a full head of salt-and-pepper hair. All in all still a pretty looking guy he thought, giving himself a quick self-assured nod of the head.
"Hey, handsome," came the lilting voice of his wife Beth, as she stepped out of the shower just beginning to towel off. She hesitated for a moment and held the towel at arms-length, giving him a view of her magnificent forty-nine year old body, purring sensuously as she did so. "You like what you see, big boy?"
Thomas turned and smiled broadly. Beth was hot by anyone's standards. After two children she was no more than ten or twelve pounds heavier than when they had married twenty-seven years previously. Her blond hair had begun to gray a bit, but her face was still striking, and Thomas considered her the sexiest woman he knew. "You still do it for me, baby."
"Well I'm so glad. I don't want anyone else doing it for you," Beth said with a seductive smile. "So what time is Bob supposed to be here this evening?"
"We agreed on seven or so. No dinner. Just drinks. He had to put in a full day today even though it's Saturday."
"I didn't realize that being a CPA was a six day a week job."
"Not so sure that Bob hasn't made it a seven day per week job. He does have a very successful business," Thomas replied, facing the mirror as he combed his hair. "Although, I think he spends a lot more time at the office since Gloria passed away last summer."
Bob and Gloria had been the couple's friends for over ten years, having met at a not-for-profit fundraiser. While slightly older than Beth and Thomas, the two couples had hit it off nearly immediately and had enjoyed one another's company tremendously through the years.
"I still miss Gloria," Beth said wistfully, as she struggled to fasten her bra. Thomas caught her reflection in the mirror and found himself admiring her 36 DD breasts.
"You two had gotten pretty close through the years."
"I know. She was one of my best friends." Beth grew contemplative for a moment as she walked into the huge closet that contained her clothes. Thomas was relegated to a smaller closet on the other side of the bathroom. "You know...I'm a little worried about Bob," she said, raising her voice slightly to be heard from inside the closet. "We haven't seen much of him in the past few months. Is he okay? Do you think he's seeing someone?"
"I'm pretty sure he's not seeing anyone. I think he's just lost without Gloria. They were married for thirty five years, and their daughter, Kari, lives nearly four hours away and rarely makes it back home to see her dad. I think Bob's lonely and is coping the only way he knows how...by burying himself in his work."
"Well...I'm concerned about him. I just want him to know that we're here for him."
Thomas was silent for a moment before replying, "I think the truth is that you've always had the hots for him, sweetie."
"Oh come on. That's...that's..." Beth peered out of the closet and with a coy smile said, "Okay. Maybe just a little. He is a very handsome man even though he's on a downhill slide to sixty."
"Glad you finally admitted you like him."
"What's there not to like. He's good looking, intelligent, fit, and has a great sense of humor."
"So...do you fantasize about Bob when we're making love," Thomas asked with a smirk.
"Of course not," Beth responded in a mock huff. "Alright...maybe once or twice." Thomas laughed boisterously. Beth continued, "I just feel sorry for him, that's all. He doesn't have any woman to show him any attention and just...enjoy life with."
Thomas shook his head in understanding and replied, "Well then, I give you my permission to flirt with him as much as you want this evening."
Beth grinned widely and with a sparkle in her eyes said, "You may regret you made that offer."
The doorbell rang a few minutes before seven. Beth opened the door and welcomed Bob with a fierce hug. "It's so good to see you, Bob," she said, holding onto his arm tightly as they walked together into the family room. "We haven't seen you in so long. We've missed you."
"I've missed you guys, too," Bob replied, obviously delighted by Beth's attention. "By the way let me say that you look exceptionally lovely this evening."
Beth did indeed look lovely. She was wearing a tight fitting red sweater and cream colored skirt that perfectly displayed her figure. "Well thank you, kind sir," she replied with a smile.
"What'll you have, my friend," Thomas asked as Bob and Beth entered the family room.
"How about a gin and tonic." Bob answered.
"I'll have a glass of that cabernet we opened last night," Beth said.
"Got it. Be right back."
A few minutes later Thomas returned with the drinks and the three took seats around a large coffee table in the spacious room. Bob and Thomas took seats in chairs on one side of the coffee table while Beth sat on the sumptuous leather sofa on the opposite side. An hour passed with lively conversation about business, children and current events. Emboldened by the two large glasses of wine she had consumed, Beth finally asked, "So are you seeing anyone, Bob?"
Bob, who was now on his third drink, smiled and replied, "No I'm not. I haven't found anyone as pretty as you to ask out."
"Oh my heavens," Beth said fanning her face with her hand in her best southern belle impersonation. She gave Thomas a quick glance and with a coquettish smile parted her legs ever so slightly so that Bob would have the tiniest of views up her skirt. Thomas immediately recognized his wife's intent and glanced back at Bob to see if he had noticed. From the dull-witted stare on the man's face, the answer was clear.
As the conversation continued, every few minutes Beth parted her legs a tiny bit more so that before long Bob had a clear view of her white panties. Beth's actions were not lost on Thomas as he stared in rapt attention, and began to feel a twinge of sexual excitement as he watched his wife knowingly expose herself to another man. Seeing everyone's glasses were nearly empty, Thomas stood, stepped over to his wife, and as he took her glass for a refill, stooped and gave her a kiss, whispering, "I know what you're doing."
Beth smiled and said, "Excuse me a minute. I think this wine has made its way through me." With that, she followed Thomas to the bar. "Do you mind?" Beth asked Thomas when they were out of earshot.
"No I don't. In fact...I hate to admit it, but it's kind of a turn-on watching you expose yourself like that."
Beth smiled lasciviously. "Well okay then, mister. You asked for it."
Thomas returned with another round of drinks about the same time that Beth resumed her place on the sofa. As Thomas sat down he glanced over to see Beth part her legs and caught a quick glimpse of blond pubic hair. She had returned sans panties. This time, she was sitting in such a way as to maximize Bob's view. It was clearly show time.
The conversation came to a brief and somewhat awkward pause as a slightly inebriated Bob gazed unabashedly between Beth's legs. Beth casually picked up her wine and gave her husband another lascivious smile. Thomas studied Bob's face and was amused to see that his friend's cheeks had begun to flush. He then glanced at the man's crotch and noticed a telltale bulge beginning to form. The sight of his wife purposely exposing herself to another man, one who obviously was getting sexually excited by her actions, made Thomas himself begin to feel a familiar stirring. Within seconds he achieved a full erection, one that did not go unnoticed by his wife, who responded by once again flashing a wicked and knowing smile.
After a period of unfettered gawking, an obviously uncomfortable, but sexually aroused Bob, thanked his hosts for a wonderful evening and rose to leave, quickly turning in such a way as to minimize the view of his erection that had made a tent of his slacks. Thomas rose from his seat in a similar condition but showed no such embarrassment. In fact, he may have even been a little proud of his arousal. When Beth stood, she did so in such a way as to allow Bob one final look at glorious pussy perfection, one which the man took in with obvious delight. As Bob walked to the front door, his full erection remained on display with a slight wet spot beginning to show through the khaki fabric. Seizing the moment completely, Beth walked over to him and gave him a tight hug, grinding her hips against his maleness in the process, confirmation to Bob that she knew of his condition. Beth then planted a nearly passionate kiss on his lips, and whispered in his ear in a slightly inebriated way, "I hope you'll be thinking about me tonight."
Bob could only stammer in reply, "I...I'm sure that I will."
Goodbyes said, Bob left a happy, if somewhat confused man. Thomas stood by the closed door appraising his wife, completely surprised at this new and unexpected facet she had displayed.
'I...uh...think Bob certainly enjoyed seeing you, my love. We both know what he's going to do when he gets home." Thomas said with a smile. "Hell...he may pull it out and take care of himself on the drive back, even though his house is only four or five blocks away. I'm ready to do the same thing right now."
Placing her hand on her husband's erection, Beth said, "My, my...it looks like you enjoyed the show as well." With that, Beth slowly unzipped his pants and eased his engorged penis into her hand. She then knelt down, being sure to pull up her skirt so that her husband had a full view between her legs, as she slowly and deliberately took his hard member into her mouth.
A little over an hour later as the two were panting in bed, Thomas said, "We should invite Bob over more often."
Beth reached between her legs and began to sensuously finger herself. "You know...I think that's a really good idea. I believe he enjoyed my little show."
Thomas kissed his wife's lips tenderly and said, "After tonight I'll support whatever that sensual mind of yours comes up with. Now get back on top and let me take you for another ride.
Just over three weeks later as Beth and Thomas were clearing the table of dinner dishes, Beth said, "You know what we should do, honey? We should invite Bob over this weekend to dinner. He's kind of been on my mind lately since our last visit," she added with a slight smile and twinkle in her eye.
"In what way has he been on your mind," Thomas asked, grinning slyly as he considered the last encounter with their friend.
"Well, okay, if you must know...I've been thinking about how excited he seemed over my uh...performance."
"He wasn't the only one excited, now was he?"
"If memory serves correctly, you were rock hard too, now weren't you?" Beth said laughingly.
"And what about you, dear?"
Beth flashed a coy smile and said, "I'll admit that exposing myself to him and seeing the outline of his erection through his pants got me a little excited. We've been married so long that the thought of another man getting aroused by me is sort of titillating." She paused a minute and continued with a slight blush, "In fact...I'm a little wet right now just thinking about it. Honestly, I don't know what's come over me. I seem to be horny all the time, lately. I can't seem to stop thinking about how sensual that evening was. It's not something I've ever done before."
Thomas chuckled. "You're not alone, sweetheart. I've jacked off several times in the middle of the night just thinking about it."
"Are you serious, honey? I've masturbated three or four times while fantasizing about exposing myself. I thought it was just me."
"Nope. I feel the same way, and I suspect that if you could get Bob to be honest, he'd say the same thing. In fact, I'll bet Bob has been routinely jacking off to the memory of seeing you sitting there with your legs spread." Thomas looked at his beautiful wife and smiled. "So...do you have anything else in mind? I can hear the wheels turning in that devious mind of yours."
"Now, now. We'll just have to see how the evening goes. I don't know...I may give him another little performance. Honestly, the thought of the two of you masturbating while fantasizing about me is a real turn on."
"Okay, sweetheart. Whatever you want to do is fine with me. I'll be happy to give Bob a call and invite him over. Not sure he'll accept, though. I've asked him to go play golf with me several times over the past two weeks and he's declined the invitation, saying that he's just too busy. He may be a little embarrassed over what happened the last time he was over."
"How about if I give him a call? It may be harder for him to say no to me."
"You really always have had a thing for Bob, haven't you?" Thomas said with a knowing grin on his face.
"I most certainly have not," Beth replied in mock indignation. "I'll grant you that Bob is a very handsome man, but I'm only making the suggestion out of concern. Working himself to death and staying all alone is not healthy for anyone."
"I agree. Bob needs to get out more. Go ahead and give him a call. Maybe he'll accept if you make the invitation."
Beth called Bob a few minutes later and with some persuading was able to get him to accept an offer of a weekend dinner. Pleased with herself, she set about the task of planning the menu, something for which she was quite adept. Saturday rolled around quickly, and Beth prepared a meal that was fit for a four star restaurant.
"Oh my god, Beth," Bob said as he finally pushed back from the table, "that was the best meal I have had in...I don't know how long. I had no idea that you were such a fabulous cook. We typically always met you guys at restaurants for dinner."
Thomas smiled at the blushing Beth and commented, "I married the best cook in five counties. And the prettiest too, I might add."
"Gentlemen, I appreciate all the compliments," Beth said, "now how about let's take the dishes to the kitchen and adjourn to the family room to enjoy a little after dinner wine and conversation."
A little wine ultimately became a lot of wine, and the tone of the conversation shifted from sports and politics to that of a more personal nature.
"Bob...I'll bet you haven't had a date since you lost Gloria, have you?" Beth asked, a little thick-tongued.
"Really haven't wanted to," Bob responded, somewhat distantly, shifting his position on the sofa, obviously uncomfortable discussing the subject. "I don't think I'm ready for a relationship just yet."
"So you haven't missed a woman's company?" Beth asked, ignoring his nonverbal cues and unwilling to drop the subject.
"No, I haven't," Bob answered directly as he poured another glass of wine. Regardless of his admission, Bob found himself admiring Beth's legs, for she was sitting on the sofa with her legs curled under her and her skirt raised up enough for him to see the curve of her ass and catch a slight glimpse of her black lacey panties.
"You know, Thomas couldn't go that long without sex, could you honey?"'
"I wouldn't want to. I'd miss that cute little ass of yours too much."
Beth giggled, stood up suddenly and said, "I know what let's do. Let's all go get in the hot tub. It's nice and cool out tonight. The hot tub would be so relaxing."
"Sounds good to me," Bob replied. "Thomas, do you have a swimsuit I can borrow?"
"Oh, there's no need for that," Beth said with a lustful look on her pretty face. "We don't need swimsuits. I think we know one other well enough to go au naturale."
Bob glanced over at Thomas who shrugged and said, "If it's okay with Beth it's okay with me."
Thomas grabbed his glass and the partially full wine bottle and led the way toward the back door that led to the expansive patio.
"Okay...clothes off," Beth ordered with a bit of a slur as soon as she stepped through the door, immediately beginning to unbutton her blouse.
Thomas and Bob watched in focused enthrallment as Beth began a slow and deliberate striptease, first taking off her blouse and then her skirt, leaving her clad only in a black bra and skimpy panties. Bob again glanced nervously over at Thomas to ensure he was okay with what was happening and was a bit surprised to note that Thomas appeared to be enjoying the show as much as him. Beth then turned her back to the men, undulating seductively and proceeded to slowly unhook her bra. Once off, she twirled it over her head several times before tossing it over her shoulder to her husband. With her back still turned, she slid out of her panties, revealing her tight, voluptuous ass to the men, dancing as she did so to the beat of some unheard music. Once removed, she tossed the panties to Bob over her shoulder and turned around to face the two men while simultaneously raising her arms in the air and saying, "Ta da. Now it's your turn. Let's see some flesh, guys."
Bob and Thomas were speechless as Beth stood there with her arms held high and her legs deliberately splayed, her sex on full display. Beth had a magnificent body for a woman of her age. Her breasts were full and her pink nipples erect, an obvious sign of her sexual arousal. Her pubic hair was blond and neatly trimmed, revealing only a hint of the glistening slit between her legs. Bob's gaze was fixed on that lovely triangle, to Beth's delight. Her show had been effective. The men's faces were both flushed and their pants were beginning to show telltale bulges of excitement.
"I'm a little embarrassed to say that I have had a...uh...slight reaction to seeing you...uh...naked, Beth" Bob stammered.
Thomas chuckled. "That's okay, Bob, I have a semi now myself and I get to see her naked all the time."
"Enough of the talk," Beth slurred. "It's time for your clothes to come off. I want to see that big dick of yours, Bob." Beth immediately placed her hands to her mouth over her unintended alcohol-induced revelation.
"Okay...I see what this is all about. I've always suspected that Beth had a thing for you. Well I don't mind it if that's what she wants," Thomas said as he too began to disrobe. Thomas quickly got down to his boxers and then with a brief moment of hesitation, pulled them off and tossed them onto the patio table nearby, unabashedly exposing his rapidly rising penis.
"Oh my. Looks like someone might be getting a little excited, huh honey," Beth said lasciviously. "That looks good enough to eat."
Bob wasted no time and quickly followed suit. When he got down to his underwear, the bulge was significant. Thomas noted that Beth's eyes were glued to Bob's crotch as she awaited the unveiling. Much like Beth had done previously, Bob turned his back and slid off his underwear before turning around and revealing his impressive erection.
"Oh my," Beth exclaimed when he turned. "That was worth the wait, sweetie."
While Bob's penis was not extremely long, it was significant in its girth, and was fully erect, rock-hard, and pulsing to every beat of his heart. Beth stepped over to the men with her eyes firmly glued on Bob's penis, noting the small drop of seminal fluid that was already beginning to ooze from its purplish tip.
Thomas observed Beth closely, feeding off his wife's sexual excitement. "Sweetheart," he began hoarsely and tentatively, "I'll bet Bob wouldn't mind if you...uh...touched it, now would you, Bob."
"Uhhh...uhhh...not in the slightest," Bob managed to say, more than a little nervously.
Beth very slowly and with dramatic effect, reached out her right hand and lightly touched the tip of Bob's fully erect penis. Bob moaned ever so slightly at her tentative touch. Emboldened by his reaction, Beth began to massage the drop of slick fluid that oozed from the tip onto the now swollen head and then started to slowly move her hand up and down the thick shaft. Bob thrust his hips almost imperceptibly at her touch causing Beth to tighten her grip and move her hand more quickly.
"Come here, Thomas," Beth ordered, not wanting her husband to feel neglected.
Thomas moved over without hesitation and Beth took his throbbing member in her left hand and began the same gentle, but firm, up and down motion. "Oh baby...that feels so good," he said to his beautiful, naked wife, again noting her lustful gaze that remained trained hungrily on Bob's thick erection.
Beth stopped for a moment and looked up at the men, first to her husband and then to Bob, giving them both a seductive smile. She took the men's erections in her hands, bent over, and brought them both to her mouth, kissing and licking first one then the other. The men moaned as Beth struggled to place them both into her mouth at the same time, moving her hands up and down the shafts with the men standing only inches apart. Beth used her mouth, tongue and hands expertly, and after only a couple of minutes, the men's excitement peaked as both neared orgasm. Sensing the moment was near, Beth quickened her pace, held the men's erections tightly, and waited with lustful anticipation to see who might cum first. It was Bob, whose semen erupted from the tip of his cock onto Beth's hand, and ran down her wrist. Beth smiled widely and continued the up and down movement until her husband began to moan and ejected a stream of semen into the air that splashed to the deck.
"Boys are really messy," Beth managed to quip as she continued to massage the men's semen covered cocks.
The men, both breathing heavily, did not seem to mind the mess. After a moment she released them and Thomas and Bob moved apart to focus their attention on Beth. Thomas bent down to kiss her ready lips and began to fondle her left breast. Bob, boldly following suit, reached his hand down to Beth's pubic mound and worked a finger into her wet and ready slit. Beth moaned as his finger found her most sensitive spot. The three stayed locked in that position for several minutes until Beth began backing up to a patio chair, pulling both men with her as she moved. Once there, she sat on the edge of the chair and spread her legs widely, an invitation that Bob could not pass up. He quickly got to his knees in a nearly supplicant pose and began to kiss Beth's thighs, moving inexorably toward her blond triangle, pausing to savor her musky scent. Hesitating a moment so the anticipation could build, Bob finally used his tongue to begin exploring the wet, inviting spot that hid her small, erect clitoris.
"That's it," Beth managed to say as Bob began soft circular motions with his tongue, filling Beth with exquisite pleasure.
As with the men, Beth could not hold out long, and within moments achieved a long, shivering climax. After allowing her a brief recovery, Thomas leaned over and kissed his wife tenderly. Bob stood and was about to do the same when Beth grabbed the back of his head as he leaned in for the kiss, opened her mouth, and kissed him passionately for nearly a full minute, her tongue working in and out of his mouth. Stunned over the passion of her kiss, Bob realized that his penis was once again swelling. Aroused by his wife's passionate kiss, and noting the effect it was having on Bob, Thomas, too, began to achieve another erection of his own.
"I can't believe it. I'm getting hard again," Thomas said in a surprised tone. "It's like I'm eighteen years old again."
"Me, too," Bob said and began to stroke his cock while still standing just in front of Beth.
"Oh god...I'm so hot. I need someone to fuck me...now," Beth managed to say with some urgency.
Thomas, sensing that what his wife really wanted was to feel Bob inside of her, grabbed Beth by the hand, raised her up from the chair in which she sat, and motioned for her to bend over the patio table.
"Bob...I'm pretty sure that Beth wants you inside of her."
Without hesitation Bob positioned himself behind Beth as she was bent over the table, taking in the sight of her gorgeous, round ass. Bob's dick was so hard over the possibility of fucking Beth that he initially had difficulty with the angle, but slowly, with a little effort, began to penetrate her already well lubricated slit. Beth moaned at first and then cried loudly as Bob entered her, thrusting her hips against him, and causing him to increase the tempo of his own thrusts. Thomas was once again rock hard as he watched his beautiful wife so thoroughly enjoying this heretofore taboo act. Something none of them had ever experienced before. While Bob and Beth moaned and continued their thrusting, Thomas massaged himself almost to the point of another ejaculation before backing off, anxiously awaiting his own opportunity with his beautiful wife.
Within minutes, both Bob and Beth began to climax. Beth's climax was long, hard and loud. She actually climaxed several times in succession, each one more intense than the previous. As Bob reached orgasm he simply grabbed Beth's hips and thrust hard one final time, crying out in the process and filling her completely, causing Beth another wave of intense pleasure.
Thomas could hardly wait for his turn with Beth, and she did not disappoint. As soon as Bob withdrew his cock from her dripping and still convulsing pussy, Beth grabbed Thomas's dick and guided it in. Thomas wasted no time and began to thrust wildly for several minutes before reaching another explosive climax causing Beth to orgasm one more time, screaming out in pleasure as she did. Out of breath and temporarily spent, the three sat down and relaxed in the deck chairs.
"Boys...that was the most sensual experience of my life. I don't think I've ever cum that many times before. Now let's get into the hot tub and relax a while."
The three settled into the warm water enjoying the clear star-filled night sky. After a few minutes Beth broke the silence with an admission, "You know Bob," she began tentatively, "Thomas and I were talking earlier about our last visit with you when I gave you a little peek of my pussy."
"Uh...yeah...that was really unexpected, Beth, and I have to say I was more than a little excited by what you did."
"We were too, sweetheart," Beth admitted as Thomas nodded in conformation. "Both of us even masturbated a few times over the last few weeks thinking about it."
Bob laughed loudly over her admission. "Just a few times?" he asked playfully. "I've jacked off nearly every night since. I just can't seem to get the memory of that view you provided out of my mind, and after tonight you're beautiful body is all I'm going to be thinking of."
That revelation finally out in the open, the three friends once again began exploring one another. To the men's utter astonishment, they both quickly regained erections, and before long persuaded Beth to get out of the tub for another round. The three played for nearly an hour longer until their sexual appetites were fully satiated. They then made their way inside for a quick shower together, one that, when concluded, resulted in both men using their tongues to provide Beth with several more memorable orgasms.
Since that unexpected and eventful encounter, sex has never better between Thomas and Beth. They are at it like teenagers, all over the house at all hours of the day. Bob, on the other hand, has begun to date again, and has become a very frequent dinner guest.