Leah glanced across the dinging room table at the handsome, dark haired man who was taking his seat. He was the college roommate of her sister's fiance, the best man in tomorrow's wedding. She had heard from her sister that the best man was hot, and she'd looked forward to seeing him at the rehearsal dinner. All her expectations had been exceeded. Leah couldn't help but notice his broad shoulders and the muscles to which his button-down shirt clung as he gestured, greeting those around the table that he knew.
Once he'd settled into his seat, smoothing down his tie, he looked up at her, his eyes widening ever so slightly when they met hers.
"Well, hello," he said in a pleasantly deep rumble. "I don't think we've met, although you're the spitting image of the bride - younger sister?"
"Older, actually, but thank you," Leah said with a smile, extending her hand across the table. "I'm Leah. And you're...best man?"
"Yes, but you can call me just 'best' if you like."
"Oh, I think I'd be more comfortable calling you Mr. Man."
"That's a tad formal," he said, laughing. "Maybe just Landon, then?"
"Landon. It's nice to meet you."
"And it's lovely to meet you, too." They were silent for a moment, each of them scanning the table, watching the families chat companionably as food began to be served. "So...any family members in particular I should be sure to avoid?"
"Well, Ellen has a crazy sister named Leah that you might want to steer clear of."
"Oh? What does she look like?
"She's kinda tall, funny-looking, lots of freckles..."
"Huh. That's weird. The only sister I knew of was incredibly gorgeous, big green eyes...does she perchance have two sisters named Leah?" He winked at her and she grinned, glowing with the compliment.
Leah leaned forward conspiratorially, dropping her voice so that her words almost disappeared amidst the laughter from the other end of the table as someone finished their anecdote. "Landon, are you seeing anyone?"
"I'm not, currently. Why do you ask?" His eyes glittered.
"I was just thinking...I mean, maid of honor and best man...we're kind of the perfect pairing, don't you think?"
"At least as long as this wedding stuff is going on, of course," he said with a grin.
"Right! And since the wedding will be tomorrow afternoon..."
"We should take advantage of this maid of honor/best man dynamic while we can?"
"Precisely."
"What exactly are you suggesting?"
There was a lull in conversation around the table, and Leah looked around, waiting for the volume to pick up again before she spoke.
"If I were to excuse myself from the table, and you were to find some reason of your own to leave..."
He nodded, then frowned as he fished in his pocket for his beeping phone. He pressed a few buttons, texting dexterously, then sighed. When the phone began to ring, he stood up, moving toward the door that led toward the back rooms of the house.
"Sorry, everyone," he apologized. "I've got to take this. Apparently, they've got some sort of emergency at work."
Leah watched him dart out the doorway; as he turned the corner, he caught her eye and raised an eyebrow, smirking.
After a few moments, she cleared her throat and said quietly to the aunt seated next to her, "This wine, it goes right through you, doesn't it? I've got to visit the ladies' room."
The woman laughed and nodded. No one else paid much attention to her exit.
Landon was waiting for her in the hall, leaning against the doorframe of the bathroom. "That was simple enough. And to think, I was afraid this rehearsal dinner would be dreadfully dull."
Glancing over her shoulder at the hallway that led back to the dining room, Leah planted a hand in the middle of his chest, shoving him through the swinging door to the kitchen and following him in.
Landon's grin widened. "In a bit of a hurry, are we? I like a girl who knows exactly what she wants."
Leah kissed him, not shyly. An instant later, Landon was wrapping his arms around her waist, lifting her onto the counter behind her, leaning against her so that her head was trapped between the cabinets and his fervent kisses. When he moved down to her neck, sucking eagerly at the skin there, Leah pushed him back.
"The bridesmaid dress is strapless." She laughed, and Landon nodded his understanding.
"Very well, then. I'll just have to..." He didn't finished, choosing instead to show her as he kissed his way down her neck to her collarbone. His fingers found their way up her dress, sliding discreetly over her knees and up her thighs.
Leah's hand found the bulge where his pants were pulling a bit tight, and ran her fingernails gently over it. Landon shuddered, smiled up at her, and continued burrowing his way down the front of her dress with his kisses.
"Landon, dear?" The voice of the groom's mother floated down the hallway from the dining room. Her footsteps on the carpet announced her approach. Landon darted to the window cutout over the kitchen sink that looked out at the hallway and den. He was visible only from the waist up there; hopefully his excitement would not be noticed.
"Yes, Mrs. P? I was just going to grab something sweet to eat before I returned to the table." Landon smiled innocently. Leah snickered. She lowered herself off the counter silently and crouched beneath the level of the lower cabinets, crawling that way until she knelt in front of Landon. He shot her a quick, nervous glance before returning his gaze to Mrs. P.
"Well, you know we've got plenty to eat out here, hon! But I'm glad I caught you. I thought I'd talk to you for a second while everyone else is busy chewing the fat in there." She gave Landon a conspiratorial wink, to which his only reply was a trembling grin. Leah had quietly unzipped his jeans, pulling out his very proud staff and running feather-light fingertip touches over it. He gripped the lip of the sink so hard he thought he could hear the metal groaning. But maybe that was him.
"Did you happen to see that lovely girl, Leah, when you sat down?" Mrs. P was continuing, stepping a bit closer so she could lower her voice. "She's the bride's sister. Lord, she's a beauty. I think she was sitting across from you when you came in. Surely you noticed her?"
"I--" Landon's voice cracked, and he cleared his throat and tried again. "I noticed her." He noticed, now, the way Leah's lips were making a soft, hot ring around the head of his penis, and her tongue was flicking out intermittently to tease the overheated flesh there.
"Oho, of course you did!" Mrs. P winked again. This was unbearable. "Listen, I think she's just run to the ladies' room now, so I thought it was the perfect time to tell you that the two of you would be just adorable together!"
Leah was sliding her mouth back and forth along his length now, not sucking, just gliding that warm wetness along the entirety of his erection.
"You know, I think you may be right," Landon said hoarsely. "I should ASK her!" His voice shot up in volume when Leah blew coolly across his skin, slicked with her saliva. He began to speak again, to explain that he had the hiccups or something, when Leah closed her mouth over him again and began to suck hard. He exhaled noisily, mouth dropping open.
"Are you alright?" Mrs. P seemed genuinely concerned. Landon was terrified that she would come into the kitchen to feel his forehead.
"Perfectly fine, PERfectly fine!" Leah was picking up her pace, and she'd added her hands to the equation as well. One hand was wrapped around the base of his dick and working it in time with her lips, the other playing tingling touches over his balls.
Mrs. P seemed puzzled. "My dear boy, if you're nervous about asking her, I'm sure I could ask Dale to ask Ellen to pass on the message. Although we might not want the chain to grow too long. She seems like she might be a shy girl. Wouldn't want to embarrass her."
"Ha!" Landon couldn't contain his wildly inappropriate laughter, not when he could feel his face heating up - his whole body, really - as he prepared to come in epic proportions. "I mean - she doesn't seem too shy to me. And anyway, I think I can ask her just fine."
"If you say so, dear. Are you sure you're alright? You look very flushed. Do you have a fever?" She started to move toward the kitchen door and Landon almost shouted to keep her in place.
"No! No, I'm sure I don't have it. Have one. A fever, I mean. I'm quite -- oh, quite! -- quite alright. I'll ask Leah when I come back. When she comes back, I mean!"
Utterly bewildered, Mrs. P turned to go back into the dining room, shaking her head. Leah laughed somewhere low in her throat, and the vibration sent him over the edge, clutching the countertop with the white-tipped fingers of one hand while he shoved his other fist in his mouth to keep from alerting the dining room to his glorious predicament.
Leah stood, grinned, kissed him on the shoulder. He was still shaking and panting open-mouthed as she leaned back and ran her fingernails up his chest.
"Now there's an appetizer," she said with a wink. "What will we do for dessert?"