Excitement was written all over Martha's face as she carried her bags into the bedroom, returning late afternoon from her Saturday shopping. Her behaviour was not unusual, and I believed she was just thrilled about her purchases. After a short while, she walked into the living room wearing the same outfit she'd worn while being out: a tight burgundy sweater, skinny jeans, and low-heeled sandals. Her make-up was light apart from her ruby-red lips, which matched the colours of her fingernails and toenails.
She was very particular about that as she transformed from the woman who had spent the last 25 years taking care of her family and dressed suitably for the task to the alluring woman who was now paying more attention to her looks. Her practical clothes gave way to stylish and sexy ones: the skirts became vastly shorter, dresses much more revealing, heels considerably higher, stockings ousted pantyhose, and salacious lingerie became the norm.
"You'd never guess who I was having coffee with," she said, plopping on the couch beside me.
"Well, I can throw up a few names in the air, but I think the person is an outlier whom I would never think of."
"You are right about that, Babe."
"So.., who was it?"
"It was our voyeur."
"What? The guy who watched us make love when we forgot to close the curtains?"
"Yes, he was the one."
"And you had coffee with him?"
"Yes, I did."
About a year ago, when our youngest child moved out of the nest, we decided it was the right time to downsize and sell the family home. But instead of buying a smaller house, we chose a top-floor apartment in an upmarket area of the city, surrounded by lush gardens. We moved into our two-bedroom unit about six months ago and split the money that remained after downsizing between our children.
One night, after a fabulous evening out with friends, we were very horny, burst into the bedroom, and fucked hard. As I was ploughing into Martha from behind, who was on the bed on all fours, I realised we had not closed the curtains. I glanced towards the window and saw a man watching us from the only window with an unimpeded, clear view of our bedroom in the adjacent building. I brought it to Martha's attention, who looked up and told me not to stop. She was too close to cumming to care, and truth be told, it was exciting to know we had a voyeur. I noticed she had an explosive orgasm, but at that time, I wasn't sure if it was the pent-up desire or being watched that caused it, and when I asked her, she just bit her lower lip seductively.
"You are not just teasing me, are you? Did you really have coffee with him?" I said it incredulously.
"Yes, Babe," she said, biting her lower lip.
"Tell me everything from the beginning."
"I was trying on shoes when I noticed this guy kept stealing glances at me. When our eyes met, I felt I had known him from somewhere but could not place him. He smiled before his gaze wandered back to the shoes he was looking at. I decided on a pair of heels, paid for them, and walked out of the store when I heard a male voice call out. I thought it was the salesman from the shoe shop, but instead, I saw the man from the store standing there broadly smiling."
"Okay, what did he say?"
"He asked if I knew who he was. I told him that he looked familiar but could not place him. He suggested we should have coffee, and he would tell me who he was. I would have said no to him, but I was intrigued, as I still could not place him. We walked to the nearest coffee shop just across from the shoe store, and when he chose a table in the back, somewhat away from everyone, I felt a bit uneasy, but my curiosity won out. He looked at me and told me his name was Jason. That did not ring a bell, but when he said he lived across the street from us and was our voyeur, I could feel a rush of excitement, sitting opposite the person who had watched us fuck. He caught the flash of excitement in my eyes and brought it up."
"What did he say when he did?"
"He said he could see that I was excited sitting face to face with my voyeur. I did not deny it, my pussy was damp, but he did not know that."
"Really?"
"Yes, the thought of this unknown man seeing me naked, being fucked, and watching me orgasm was so hot my body reacted to it."
"Wow!"
"He said he loved to watch people having sex and found that watching the real thing was much more exciting than watching porn, and he just loved to watch me fuck. He asked if we were into more than just exhibitionism. I hesitated for a second that he noticed but then told him only exhibitionism. He saw my hesitation but did not mention it, and he told me he would love to watch us make love again."
"Did you really say we were into exhibitionism? What else did you say?"
"I told him that might not be a good idea, and we should just forget it ever happened. He said that was fair enough, but if we were to change our minds, just let him know. He told me his current girlfriend was a very straight-laced woman, not interested in any of his fetishes that he had plenty of."
"Have you asked about his fetishes?"
"No, I haven't. I said I had to go, and we said bye. I felt eyes burning into my arse as I left the café, and I didn't know what came over me, but I gave it a little extra wiggle to tease."
That night, we had dinner with friends in a posh little restaurant. Martha looked ravishing in her new black cocktail dress. It was long enough to hide the welt of her black, seamed stockings when standing but not when sitting. She kissed my cheek during our dinner, sometimes between the second course and dessert.
"I wear nothing except what you and everyone else can see," she whispered when our friends were preoccupied.
She knew what she was doing to me when she crossed her legs towards me, her new black 'fuck me' pump pressed against my shin. I looked at her leg; her skirt rode high above the welt of her stocking, showing the creamy white of her thigh. Our eyes met, and she bit her lower lip. Since we had moved into our apartment, Martha had been an insatiable, sexy vixen.
Arriving back at the car, I pushed her up against the door and kissed her forcefully, which turned into a passionate pash, our lips firmly locked together. I found the hem of her dress and slowly ran my fingers up her inner thighs until I felt the moisture on her folds. Rolling her clit under the tip of my finger elicited soft moans in our kiss. She began to whimper, her arms folded around my neck, holding me tight as her legs buckled under her and her orgasm took hold.
"Take me home and fuck me senseless, Babe," she said, breaking our kiss.
"I will, sexy vixen."
Home, Martha rushed into the bedroom to turn the floor lamp on and looked out the window. I walked behind her, wrapping my arms around her waist while kissing the crook of her neck.
"The thought of being watched by our neighbour makes my pussy gush," she murmured. "Do you mind if we leave the curtains open, Babe?"
"Can you see our voyeur?" I asked between kisses. "What was his name?"
"Jason and I cannot see him."
"That's a pity."
Martha turned around, draping her arms around my neck, while our lips came together in a passionate pash, and our tongues swirled around one another. At first, I held her tight against my body, but then my hands began to roam, exploring her fabulous curves. She broke the kiss and spun around in my arms, looking out the window.
"He is there. Jason is watching us, Babe," she breathed excitedly.
"Put your hands on the glass."
As she did, I took her breasts in my hands, squeezing them firmly while kissing her neck. I looked at Jason as he watched us from his window, a man in his late 20s, and I smiled. Stepping back from her, I slowly unzipped the back of the dress and watched her creamy white skin appear before my eyes. When the zip was fully open, I kissed her soft flesh from her shoulder blade to the crook of her neck.
"Would you like to tease him?"
"No.., yes.., it is so naughty. Take my dress off, please."
I slowly eased the dress off her shoulders, letting it drop to the floor as she stood before the full-size window only in her suspenders, stockings, and pumps. I picked up the dress and tossed it to the side. Turning back to her, I could see in the faint reflection of the glass that she was kneading her breasts while her eyes were on Jason. I kissed the back of her neck, then walked to the armchair, leaving her to tease our neighbour. Sitting back, I watched her hand caress her stomach, returning to her breast to pinch and pull her erect nipple when she gasped for air.
"He is taking his clothes off, Babe," she murmured.
I glanced out the window and saw Jason removing his trousers and standing at the window naked, looking at my wife. I could see he was stroking his cock, and Martha confirmed that too. She stepped closer to the window, almost pressing her body against it, while her hand slipped from her breast to her pussy, teasing her folds, her clit. She glanced towards me with lust in her glossy eyes and bit her lower lip.
"Is he turning you on, Baby?"
"Yes.., I am sorry."
"He is so hard for you. Would you like to feel his cock?"
"Yes.., I don't know."
"Jerk him off?"
"Mmmhmm."
"Suck it, taste his cum?"
"Oh, my God!"
"Fuck him, feel his cock stretch you?"
"Would you let me?"
"Tease him, make him cum, sexy slut."
"Oh.., fuck!"
Martha spread her legs, leant against the window, squashing her tits on the cool glass while her finger rolled her clit, making her moan. She found her vagina with her other hand and pushed her fingers in, fucking herself as she watched Jason wank himself for her. I watched them as they were not teasing each other any longer but fucking, even though they were at least 15 metres from each other, and there were two sheets of window glasses between them.
"Is he fucking you good?"
"Oh... my God!" she moaned when her legs buckled and her body trembled.
I watched my wife of 30 years exhibiting herself to another man lewdly, cumming while watching, imagining being fucked by him, and to my shock, instead of being angry with her, my cock was painfully hard in my pants. Coming down from her high, she walked to our bed, got on her hands and knees while facing the window and looked at me.
"Fuck your slut wife," she whispered.
I quickly got up and removed my pants and boxers, freeing my hard cock from restriction. Kneeling behind Martha, I ripped my shirt open, grabbed my cock and teased her folds with the mushroom head. She looked back over her shoulder with pleading eyes. Guiding the head of my cock to her hot entrance, I pushed slightly at her opening, sliding in. She looked at Jason and pushed back against my cock, taking all of it into her slippery hole. I looked up and saw Jason stroking his cock at a leisurely pace as he was watching us.
"Would you like to suck his cock, hotwife?"
She looked back, and when our eyes met, I could see she would. There was no need to say it, but she did as she turned her head towards him.
"Yes, husband... I am sorry."
"Then suck his cock, feel him fucking your slutty mouth."
I grabbed her hips and began to fuck her hard and fast, just as she loved to be fucked. After some time, I took a fistful of Martha's hair and pulled her head up to ensure she was facing Jason. By then, he had one hand on the glass while furiously wanking himself.
"Cum for us, Baby. Don't deny your desires." I groaned. "You know you want to feel his cock fill your mouth."
"Oh fuck..," she squealed, and her body quivered uncontrollably as her orgasm took over.
Looking up, I saw Jason leaning against the window as he stopped jerking and watched us while holding his cock, which made me assume he had come.
"He came for you, sexy slut. You made the young man's fantasy come true."
"Oh.., oh fuck," Martha squealed as another orgasm shook her body.
Holding her head up by her ponytail, I forced her to watch Jason begin wanking again as she trembled while I was fucking her furiously, slamming my cock into her and making her yelp with every thrust. The room reverberated with the sounds of my groin slamming into her arse. Suddenly, I could feel my balls tighten, and I came accompanied by my loud groan. When my balls were empty, I let her hair go, and we collapsed on the bed, holding each other tight.
"I am sorry," she whispered. "I did not mean to go this far. I don't know what came over me."
"You have not done anything I did not agree to, Baby."
"I love you, Babe."
"I love you, too."
I was shocked not by what she did but by my reaction to what she did, what we did. Her lewdly masturbating in front of a young man should have made me angry, close the curtains, and tell her to stop, but I wasn't. Instead, it turned me on beyond belief, as I never expected. My heart raced wildly, my cock was stiff as an iron bar, and I wanted her to go on, to be an exhibitionist slut for him, for us. In my mind, I relived the last hour of the night, getting hard again before drifting off to sleep.
The next day, Martha was much quieter than usual, and I noticed she was lost in her thoughts. I patiently waited for her to open up, but when she had not by early afternoon, I found a secluded park bench during our afternoon walk and, holding her hand, I asked the question.
"Is it about last night, Baby?"
"Yes," she said, looking at the ground before her.
"What is it? Tell me how you feel."
"How do I feel? I feel I cheated on you. I am a cheating slut."
Seeing her tear up, I turned her face towards me and softly kissed her lips while gently holding her chin.
"You have not cheated on me, and you are not a cheating slut, Baby."
"Yes, I am. The way I felt, the thoughts I harboured, and the things I did. I am a cheating slut."
"No, Baby. You are not, not in my eyes."
"You don't know what I thought and felt."
"I am pretty sure what I think is very close to the truth."
"And you do not think I am a cheating slut?"
"No, not at all."
"I am ashamed of what I did, exhibiting myself like that."
"Tell me, did you enjoy it?"
"That does not change anything."
"It does, I enjoyed it. I have no regrets."
"Do you honestly mean that?"
"Yes, I do."
"I don't know. It just does not feel right," Martha said, kissing me lovingly.