Connor did as he was asked, noticing that both Sara's top and her coverup were nowhere in the canoe. He carried the medium sized cooler up the beach to the woodline where he followed the nude Kora and topless Sara to a small clearing just ten yards in. The trees were still very large here and there was absolutely no underbrush to obstruct their view of the nearby area. Connor looked towards the lake and saw that they were standing on somewhat of a peninsula. Behind him was Sara's hideaway and the long winding shoreline laid in from of him. To his right was what he assumed was the rock outcropping. Connor saw that he could follow a path up a gentle slope until he stood on top of the rocks. He remembered that he had almost immediately spotted the rocks after they first disembarked, and he realized that anyone standing there would be visible by almost anyone on the lake, even if you couldn't see much about them.
"This is our little secret," Sara said, pulling him back into the little clearing where he saw a rope hammock set up on a metal frame. There were also a few moss covered logs set up around a makeshift fire pit. Connor saw what must have been the smouldering remains of Kora's clothes and shoes. "We've got our own little spot in the woods where we can just zen out of we want to."
Sara held onto his elbow and he felt her nipple graze his bicep.
"Not that we haven't also had some pretty wild times over here," Kora chimed in. "We usually keep this place between the two of us but we've been known to make exceptions. You happen to be the first guy to come out here actually. You should feel honored."
Kora's eyes glinted and he felt like she was appraising him again. Connor was still being careful not to blatantly stare at her naked body, but he had noticed the gentle curvature of her boobs and the fullness of her ass. Sara's ass was also nice and he longed to see it freed from the admittedly tiny bikini bottoms.
"Let's have some drinks and go for a swim!" Sara said.
Sara and Connor each took a can of some kind of boozy seltzer and walked back down to the beach. Kora took a minute to pick out two different flavors and then followed them down. Upon reaching the beach, Sara immediately set her drink down and ran into the crystal clear water.
"Fuck, it's cold!" she cried when the water was up to her bellybutton, but she dove in head first and disappeared for a few seconds.
Kora, who seemed to be very thirsty, was finishing her first drink as she approached the beach.
"I'm going to sit this one out," she said. She sat criss cross applesauce in the sand next to Connor and leaned back onto her elbows.
"Me, too," he agreed, and sat down next to her. Sara resurfaced further out into the alcove and started to backstroke slowly in circles. Next to him, Kora closed her eyes and turned her face to the sky. With her legs spread, her pussy lips had become seperated by a fingers width and he noticed that her labia was roughly the same color as her nipples and her lips. Her areolas were quarter sized, a little smaller than Sara's, and her nipples were soft in the early afternoon sun. Kora had the body and features of a goddess. She even had a different gracefulness about her when she moved. Connor was beginning to get lightheaded, so he took a drink of his seltzer.
"I haven't had a thing to drink in at least two hours. Maybe longer. I wasn't allowed to bring anything out here except my keys and my clothes."
Connor was still analyzing every inch of Kora's form.
"She said you are doing some kind of dare?"
"Yeah. It's a long story, but I've given her permission to dare me to do things. After a while, she learned what I liked and what makes me squirm. She usually finds a good mixture of the two, which makes it even more fun."
"Do you always end up naked?" he asked.
"Not always," Kora said, "but usually." She opened her eyes suddenly and caught him staring. "It's my way of getting my rocks off, and Sara loves encouraging my naughty side. In case you haven't noticed, she a bit of an exhibitionist."
As if on cue, Sara swam back over to the beach and walked over to them, completely naked.
Her bottoms were nowhere to be seen and her hands were empty. She walked up to Connor and Kora and picked up her can of seltzer. Connor was eye level with her perfectly shaved pussy and his cock gave a wild twitch. Sara clearly had a "innie" pussy. Her pubic area was a few more shades lighter than her boobs, but he didn't mind at all. She sat down on Connor's other side and drank deeply.
"What did you do with your bottoms?" He asked, afraid of the answer.
"They're floating out into the middle of the lake somewhere in that direction," and she pointed out of the alcove with her drink. "My cover up and top are somewhere a little further out. I threw them out of the canoe when you weren't looking."
His mouth fell open.
"How are we supposed to get back? Both of you are completely naked and the only thing we have to use as clothes is your little bag and two canoe oars! Someone is bound to see two naked girls on a tiny canoe with how busy it's been already!"
Sara leaned over towards him put her hand on the cock-shaped bulge in Connor's trunks. He stopped talking immediately.
"Now, I need you to calm down. Kora never had the option of getting dressed again and I decided the second I saw your cock earlier that I was going home naked, too."
Kora perked up at this and eyed the throbbing mound Sara was rubbing gently.
"Sara saw your cock already? On the way over?"
"It was an accident and she didn't see all of it-"
Suddenly, a young couple in two small kayaks came into view and entered the alcove without warning, apparently not seeing the trio. Kora and Connor froze as they began to paddle straight for them. Sara pulled her hand away from Connor's crotch and stood up.
"Can we have some privacy here?" she called out to them.
Finally realizing what they had stumbled upon, the pair exclaimed their apologies as they ogled the girls and attempted to turn around as quickly as possible. The man, who looked a few years older than them, made several unskilled and jerky movements causing him to almost capsize. His cooler became unstrapped and spilled its contents into the water. A clear waterproof storage bag containing a couple of cell phones also went flying, along with the girl's unworn life vest which had been flung halfway onto shore by an exaggerated stroke of her paddle. The man was able to stabilize himself, but it was clear that neither he nor his partner stood any chance of recovering their lost items before the century was out. The word "RENTAL" was painted across each side of their kayaks and the pair looked as though they would never manage to get back in their kayaks again if they ever got out.
Sara rolled her eyes and groaned, still standing on the beach in full view of the couple who were now drifting even closer to them. Her eyes then grew devilish again and she looked over at Kora who was actually trying to cover herself.
"I want you to swim over and help the two of them get their stuff back. Do not cover up and you must stand up any time the water is shallow enough for you to stand. It's a dare."
Sara then called out to the kayakers, "We'll help you get your stuff back and then you guys can be on your way."
Kora looked at her in disbelief at first, but then she shrugged and, using Connor's shoulder, pushed herself onto her feet. Sara slapped Kora's ass as she walked by, padding lightly to the waters edge and then wading towards the bobbing debris. The man stared with his mouth agape at Kora's boobs as they bounced slightly with each step. His partner, a woman who looked to be about twenty four, their age, stared with an awed expression at Sara who was standing stark naked in ankle deep water with her hands on her hips. Her round, full boobs were on full display her shaved pussy seemed to sparkle with a collection of water droplets. Connor was sure she was enjoying herself.
Slowly, Kora helped the man retrieve all of his belongings from the water. She gave him every opportunity to see her boobs, standing up when possible and pretending to have trouble catching a flip-flop. While fetching the girl's wayward life vest on the shoreline, Kora took the initiative to climb out of the water and bend over at the waist, giving the girl a perfect view of her pussy. Kora then slowly and carefully walked across several larger stones, rather than just swim over, to hand the life vest over to the girl. Her face was flushed but she did not hide the fact that she was eye fucking Kora's naked body. During the whole ordeal, Connor spotted Kora pinching her nipples a few times and he thought he even saw her slip a hand between her legs once.
After what felt like an eternity for Connor, who had been stock-still on the ground behind Sara the entire time, the couple were loaded up and they set off, apologizing profusely to Kora. She swam back to shore and collapsed next to Connor on the beach. He and Sara laid down, too, and for a while they all drank in silence, marvelling at what had just occurred.
"I don't think I've ever been so turned on," Kora said breathlessly.
"Watching you two just now, showing yourselves off for complete strangers, was the hottest thing I've ever seen."
"Did you see her face?" Sara asked. "That girl looked like she wanted to eat your pussy, Kora."
"I know," she said, "it was all I could do to stop myself from playing with my clit in front of them. I've never been exposed to strangers like that and for so long. Usually I hide or run away, but that was amazing. My heart was pounding the whole time."
"The guy was staring too." Said sarah. "I don't think his lady friend cared that he was looking, either."
"That was a lot of fun, but I really hope we don't run into any more people today; I don't think my pussy can take the torture," said Kora. "She's throbbing right now."
"If it weren't for tourists getting lost, this place would be a ghost town. But I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy the idea of getting snuck up on again" Sara said, getting to her knees and sitting on her feet. "I love showing off for people," she added with a naughty glance at Connor who was still wearing his swimming trunks.
"C'mon," Kora said, hooking a finger into Connor's shorts, "it's your turn to get in."
"That's right," Sara agreed, "you're getting in now."
The girls hoisted Connor to his feet and, one naked body on either side, led him into the water. Connor let them hold his arms in front of them by his elbows. Sara held his arm loosely but he felt Kora pressing his upper arm into her left breast. As the water passed over his knees, Kora shifted her left hand to grab Connor by his wrist and push the back of his hand into her crotch. He couldn't feel much except for warmth, so he twisted his hand around to explore her pussy with his fingers when she pushed his hand away. Connor looked over at her as she brought her left hand up to pinch and pull on her nipples which had become rock hard.
As soon as they were waist deep, the girls quickly exchanged looks, grabbed opposite sides of Connor's bathing suit, and yanked them down to his ankles. Connor tripped over the fabric and fell headlong into the water. He heard Sara whoop behind him and he turned to see her running as fast as she could manage through the water, across the beach, and into the woods with his bathing suit clutched in her hand.
Suddenly he felt a soft small hand on his submerged cock. He turned towards Kora and she took his cock in her other hand, very slowly stroking him while she looked up into his eyes. He used both of his hands to explore her boobs, gently pinching and pulling her nipples. As he had originally thought, Kora's boobs were soft and pillowy. She let out a small moan and squeezed his cock a little tighter. She moved her free hand to play with his balls and he leaned in to kiss her under her jaw. She was stroking him too slowly for him to cum, but it felt amazing. He wanted to be inside her.
Suddenly, she let him go and backed up a step, putting a hand over the spot where he had been kissing her neck. Sara was coming back out of the forest, naked and positively beaming. She was empty-handed, of course. Connor expected that his swimming trunks were at the very least destroyed, if not floating away on the current.
Sara's perfect breasts bounced as she pranced back onto the beach looking pleased with herself. Kora smiled too, and went to meet Sara on the beach.
The girls stood on the beach in all of their naked glory and tried to get him to come out of the water with them. Connor refused playfully.
"Please? I've already seen your cock and Kora wants to see it too. Please? You've seen every inch of us already, it's only fair."
"Fine, I'll come out," and I was his turn to grin deviously this time, "but you both have to do a dare for me."
"Done," they said in unison.
Connor stood there for a moment, crafting his dare. The day's antics had relieved him of all of his inhibitions and he felt hornier than ever. Two naked and absolutely gorgeous girls had been giving him the show of his life and both had played with his cock enough to make him ravenous.
Kora and Sara stood glistening in the sunlight on the beach in front of him. Sara's boobs stood out on her small frame and her erect nipples were highlighted by the sun overhead. Her legs were toned and her stomach was flat. He had seen a lot of her plump, full ass already, but he wanted to see her bend over for him so he could get a good look at her pussy.
Kora folded her arms across her chest and raised her eyebrows expectantly. He had found himself growing very attracted to her. She was several inches taller than Sara, but her proportions were perfect. Her C-cup breasts were smaller and less full than Sara's but they sat beautifully on her chest. Kora had offered him a long, up close look at her pussy and he loved the way her vulva was visible, even when she was standing.
Connor strode out of the water, circumcized cock bobbing with every step. It was hardly larger than average, but he had never wished it was bigger. None of his previous partner had ever complained either. It was a tool he knew how to use.
Sara smirked and Kora bit her lip as Connor neared the beach. Kora unfolded her arms and took a few steps towards him.
"It's about time," she said as she approached him smiling. "Its our turn to watch."
She took his cock in her hand and looked him in his eyes, as if begging him to fuck her.
"Hey!" Sara exclaimed playfully. "You don't get to have him to yourself. We agreed that we'd share him, fifty-fifty."
Kora was still gripping his cock when Sara walked over to him, took his hand, and pressed it against her pussy. At the same time, Kora kneeled to the ground and began lightly licking the head of his dick. Connor's eyes rolled into the back of his head for a moment until he regained his composure.
Connor spread Sara's pussy with his fingers and slid his them across her dripping lips. Sara was so wet, his fingers were immediately covered in her juices and he was able to slide his middle finger deep into her pussy. He felt Sara's wetness dripping onto his knuckles as Kora put the head of his cock into her mouth and looked up into his eyes. He inhaled through his clenched teeth and held her gaze. Kora bobbed her head slightly as she took more and more of him into her mouth.
Sara let out a sharp breath and moaned a little as he pulled his finger out of her pussy and began to gently play with her clit. Connor relished the feeling of Kora's tongue on the head of his dick, but even as he did, she pulled it lovingly out of her mouth and stood up. She moved to Connor's side and softly ran her hands along his butt cheeks.
Sara pushed his hands away from her pussy and placed her arms around Connor's neck. "Not yet," she said, smiling and looking into his eyes.
He groaned and used his hands to pull her against him. His cock was pressed up against her stomach. Connor grabbed a handful of Sara's ass and was about to kiss her when she pulled away from him playfully.
"Soon," Sara promised. "Let's have some more fun first." She turned away and shook her ass at him as an invitation to follow her back into their clearing.
Just as he began to step forward, Kora gently grabbed his cock again and he turned to face her. She ran her fingertips along the length of his shaft and moved closer to him. As Sara disappeared behind the trunk of a large tree, Kora pulled his head down to kiss him passionately. Their tongues explored each other and she lightly bit his lip. He brought his right hand up to cup her breasts. She kissed him with more vigor, so he pinched her nipples between his forefinger and thumb and she let out a gasp and then a moan.
"Come on, you two!" Sara yelled from the woods.
They separated slowly and Connor knew that if Sara had not said something, he would have fucked Kora right there on the beach. Kora's eyes lingered on his. She took him by the hand and led him back to the clearing.