Fetishes make the world go around.
Feet. Lips. Tits. Pain. Tickling. Asses. Legs. Hair. Age. BSDM. Lingerie. Role play. Incest. Voyeurism. Control. Choking. Cougars. Twinkies. Size. Exhibitionism. Golden Showers. It goes on and on.
My bike tour was conceived as a quest to find exceptional young artists. Surely, my slow motion, seat-of-the-pants tour of European cities will leave no stone unturned. But it seems that every time I turn over a new rock, I find a fetish, rather than the next Picasso.
"Want me to wear some of Lilli's lingerie while we fuck?" Lysa asks with doe-eyed innocence.
"What?" I stammer. "I mean, why? Why would I want that?"
"An erotic totem?"
"I don't get it," I tell Lysa. I really don't.
"Well, something sexually significant, to get you aroused. I mean, we both know you have the hots for my big sister," she says.
"Half the male population of Frankfort Main has the hots for Lilli. But I'm so over her."
"Really? But if I wore her panties or bra? Maybe if I get something from her laundry hamper? With her scent?"
"No way, Lysa. Lilli is a selfish, self-absorbed lover. And you, little sister, are the opposite. Caring. Sensitive. Thoughtful. I understand you want to make our sex exciting. But I could care less about her panties," I say, moving close and whispering in Lysa's ear. "If you want to make me hot, just let me watch you undress. Let me see you!"
Which is what Lysa does. She is sheepish as my gaze travels up and down her wonderful body with upthrust breasts, narrow waist and hips and long, very muscular thighs. Her pubic bone protrudes above a baby smooth mons.
"How do you get so smooth?" I ask without taking my eyes off her pussy.
"I shave very carefully."
"Could I shave you sometime?"
"Oh! That sounds nice. Maybe I can do you too?"
Lysa may not have Lilli's outrageous figure, or Sugar Magnolia's Barbie-Doll proportions. But what she has is infuriatingly sexual, the way some girls are without even trying. Thin, but not skinny. Tanned, except for a bikini line on her hips and lower abs. Sexual forthright, but with a shy smile.
"Jason," she says softly. "You aren't the only one who might enjoy the view."
It takes a moment to compute. "Right," I reply, doffing my polo shirt and undoing my shorts, which I push to the floor along with my briefs. My cock springs into view with a series of playful bounces that elicit a wide smile from Lysa. Her deep blue eyes sparkle at me with erotic intent.
"Nice. Very nice," she says. Then she changes the subject. "You must think I'm such a slut for the way I masturbated where you could see me."
"It never crossed my mind. Really!" I tell Lysa. "What I was thinking about is what a mess Lilli is in. Always horny because she's afraid to masturbate. But it's OK if she uses me like a convenient sex toy, as long as we don't 'touch below the waist.' I was thinking how warped and hypocritical that all is. When I saw you, I was blown away by your honest sexuality. I wish I could be that authentic and uninhibited."
"You are too sweet, Jason. If I'm going to be completely honest, I'd better make a confession."
"What's that?"
"I'm bi. I like girls as well as guys. Most of my sexual experiences have been with other girls. I mean... please don't laugh, but I've never given a blow job," she confessed, her eyes lingering on my cock.
"Do you want to learn?"
"Of course!"
"There're lots of different techniques. But since you are so incredible with your hands, play to your strength. Use your fingers to get me close, then finish off with your mouth. Does that make sense?"
"I think so. Let's try."
I sit on the edge of Lysa's bed while Lysa kneels between my legs. Just looking down and watching her big blue eyes focus on my cock as she reaches out to caress it with feathery fingertips, makes me shiver with excitement.
"Like this?" she asks with a naughty smile as one fingertip traces the underside of my cock while her other hand brushes and kneads my balls.
"Exactly," I sigh. Lysa's magical fingers have an instinctive understanding of how to arouse me. Not only does she use feathery caresses to build the tension, but she knows exactly when transition to a faster pace and more forceful grip. And there's something new. Her tongue explores my cocktip. The sensitive underside, the super sensitive ridge, and the tiny slit at the very tip.
"Tastes good," Lysa murmurs.
"Feels delicious," I say as her fingers hit second gear, the grip is still loose but the speed accelerates. Little tremors race down my cock as the tip slips into the warm gulf of her mouth. Lysa's lips wraps around my cock head as her tongue continues its exploration of my most sensitive zones. A tiny involuntary contraction rolls visibly up and down my abs.
"Amazing," she laughs, backing off my cock for a second. I can feel you tremble against my lips and watch your body quiver."
"And I can see the excitement in your eyes," I tell her.
"Not just my eyes, I promise!" I'm working out what she means when Lysa's head dips back onto my cock and she shifts into third gear. Her fingers squeeze me tight and she continues to build speed. Her mouth slides along my shaft this time, and I respond by gently undulating my hips.
She looks up at me with her eyes crinkled in a knowing smile.
Lysa finds a rhythm with both fingers and mouth that matches my hips, pulling back as I thrust. Bobbing up and down as I pull back. We go at it like this for a long time, gradually picking up the pace.
"Getting close," I say with a moan, just as a little spasm races along my cock. Without missing a beat, Lysa nods her head and takes it into fourth gear.
She finds her own rhythm, fingers and lips flying up and down my cock, tongue pummeling the tip. Her free hand cups my balls, then squeezes. Hard.
Hot cum rises and I try to pull out of Lysa's mouth. But she has other ideas and her hand grips my shaft and holds me hard against her tongue.
"Holy shit," I groan loud enough to wake the neighbors. Or Lilli at the very least. The first shot sprays across her tongue. Lysa is still struggling to swallow when the second volley of ejaculate hits her throat, but somehow she gobbles it down, along with the others that follow.
When I finally go still, she swirls her tongue, takes a final gulp and beams at me with a heart-winning smile.
"How'd I do?" she giggles. I'm suddenly too tired to even answer, but merely collapse onto the bed with what I'm sure could be described as a satisfied shit-eating grin. But one glimpse of her panties tells me I wasn't the only one getting off on Lysa's first blow job.
Her juice has turned the crotch panel nearly transparent. Underneath I can see a creamy-white tan line and the dark gap between her wet and swollen outer lips.
"Mind if I take care of that," she says, following my gaze to her panties.
"Only if I can help," I say, recovering enough to slide down between her legs and take a deep breath of her wonderfully pungent scent. "This is a job we need to do together."
###
Yes, the sex is amazing. But it's Lysa's amazing local knowledge — back roads, camp sites, weather, eateries and all the other small things on which the success of a bike tour can turn — that was the reasons I impetuously invited her to join me.
And Lysa suggests a new fetish. In Paris, I had gone down the voyeur-exhibitionist rabbit hole. I wasn't about to add Lilli's used lingerie to the list. But I appreciated Lysa's inventiveness.
It takes her just two days to get ready for our departure. She could have done it one, but we couldn't seem to keep our hands off each other, and spent most of the time fooling around in bed.
On the road, if the weather cooperates, we'll camp two or three nights for every one we spend in a hotel or hostel. Contrary to biking myth, camping in some farmer's field after 12 hours pedaling in the hot sun is not entirely conducive to hot sex. Or any sex. Getting to know each other in the sheltered privacy of her bedroom is not a bad thing.
Lysa's wall is covered with abstract paintings. During our pillow talk, I learn her love for abstracts evolved alongside cycling. In winter, when she could no longer lose herself in thought on the Frankfurt bike trails, she turned to painting.
But it was now late Spring and the sun hangs in the European sky for 16 hours a day. Far longer than any sane cyclist wants to spend on a skinny bicycle saddle. While Lysa prepares for a 1000 km trip to Berlin and on to Prague, I pedal into Frankfurt to visit an up-and-coming painter whose work my local art contact, Gustave, admires.
Her name was Una and her thing is Magical Realist oil paintings in the style of Rene Magritte. Her work is sophisticated and catchy, although her ideas are far from original. In the end, I'm impressed enough to purchase a canvas with a vibrant green landscape populated by a herd of wooly sheep that turn seamlessly into fluffy white clouds against a Cerulean blue sky, and ship it home.
There is no denying Una's talent for draftsmanship and brushwork. But her choice of subject and visual concepts have been used over and over again. Perhaps with time, she will mature enough to discover whatever rare muse it is that inspires an artist to push into the uncharted territory of original ideas.
But I'm not hopeful.
Una is already winning awards, joining elite exhibitions, and selling plenty of canvases. Still, at it's core, her work is "decorative." And I'm looking for something more. Something fresh and original that make you wonder aloud, "Why didn't someone think of that before." You know. like the next Picasso.
###
On the ride back to Lilli and Lysa's apartment, I realize I'm going to have to explain something to a Lysa. Not that it is any big deal. But l've always been reluctant to reveal too much, too soon about my plans. Call it superstition, but I've noticed that the people who make the most noise about their ambitions, often accomplish the least.
So far on the trip, I'd been purposely vague with everyone, including Gustave and my late aunt Bea's other friends, lovers and art dealers. But for Lysa to be truly helpful, she needs to know the full scale of what I want to achieve.
Over dinner, I outline the entire project, starting with the deconsecrated gothic stone church I quietly purchased in Gloucester, MA, with part of Bea's legacy. The vestry has already been turned into a frame shop, and a father-son carpenter team is currently removing pews to make room for 12 gallery spaces. Each space will be devoted to the original works of a talented emerging artist. The gallery itself will be called Bea Plymptom in honor of my aunt and mentor.
"This is extraordinary," she exclaims with an enthusiasm that confirms I've made the right decision by asking Lysa to join my slow-motion expedition across Europe.
I also show Lysa the bios and sample paintings of the four artists I've already signed to contracts — a young woman from Mexico City, a French-Canadian boy from a small town near Quebec City, and two American oil painters, one from Wood's Hole on Cape Cod and another, who specialized in surf art, from Santa Cruz, CA.
As for how to find exceptional young artists, I'm open to anything. Art dealers, online galleries, teachers and professors, group shows in small museums and community art spaces. There's just one thing. I'm concerned that as a painter herself, Lysa may feel conflicted about helping me promote the careers of others. I needn't worry.
"Let me guess," Lysa says over a slice of fresh Bienenstich. "You exclude abstract artists from your stable because you don't possess the critical tools to evaluate their work."
"My, God, Lysa. How'd you know that?" I'm shocked that having known each other for only a couple of days, she can be so perceptive.
"In addition to recumbent touring, I've been painting abstracts since I was a wee grom, too," she jokes. "You, Jason, are a leg and ass aficionado, but definitely not an abstract art guy."
"Touché," I reply. "Guilty on all counts. I'm totally curious, though. How can you recognize an 'abstract art guy?'"
"It's all about how the mind is wired and the way you think. People who are looking for some kind of order in the universe, who need precise and clear cut answers, generally prefer representational art," Lysa explains. "And you, Jason, are the very definition of a sequential thinker.
"There's actually a study at Heidelberg University on this," Lysa continues. "It found individuals who enjoy novelty, ambiguity, and dissonance, and are sensation seekers, openminded thinkers, and possess a low desire for orderliness, also tend to prefer abstract over representational art."
"Someone quantified all that?" I ask in astonishment.
"Sure. And how much do you want to bet he, or perhaps she, prefers representational art?"
"I'm sure you'd win. But what about things like appreciation for creative expression?"
"Creativity and it's expression are independent of style, don't you think."
"I do," I tell her. In a few moments of conversation, Lysa has blown me away. "This is going to a fascinating trip, Lysa. I can't wait to hear more of your ideas."
"You definitely will, Jason," she laughs. "Whether you want to or not."
###
By an hour after sunrise, the sidewalk in front of Lysa's building is crowded with well wishers. Lilli and Gustave, of course. But also around a dozen of Lysa's fellow college students, several of whom I recognize from her bike touring snapshots. I'm surprised and impressed by how many people have risen at the crack of dawn to see us off. There's no doubt that Lilli's little sister is a remarkable young woman in her own right.
Lysa speaks in German. I don't understand much, but her words have a powerful effect and I see tears pouring down Lilli's cheeks and several other girls daubing their eyes with handkerchiefs. When Lysa finishes, there are spontaneous cheers and everyone gathers around us for a goodbye hug. Lilli and several girls I'd never met before give me warm embraces and whisper in German what I assume are admonitions to look after Lysa.
Eventually, Lysa breaks free, we mount our bikes, and start pedaling to a burst of cheers and the wail of an air horn.
A moment later, the little group vanishes from view behind a hilltop, and the finance-industry skyscrapers of the greater Rhine-Main metro region unfurl in the hazy morning sun. Lysa smiles up at me and we choke back a little shiver of emotion and sweep side-by-side onto the nearly empty pavement of the Oeder Weg.
A touring cyclist lives a like a turtle, hauling everything on his, or her, back. Every ounce matters, as does reliability. There are bike blogs where the debate rages for pages as to whether it's worth the extra weight to carry an eight-blade Swiss Army knife rather than the basic six-blade model. My style of touring, credit-card cycling as it is known, with regular hostel and restaurant stops, is far less demanding than full-on self-supported touring, or poverty cycling.
Still, like Lysa, I'd spent years of trial-and-error refining my cycling kit. Without discussion, we'd both settled on the same summer bike outfit. A long-sleeved, moisture-wicking jersey with a colorful design for visibility and a pair of black nylon "Spandex" shorts. My shorts had extra chamois padding, which is unnecessary for Lysa, since her recumbent mesh seat is the ultimate in support and comfort.
For visiting artists and galleries, or just hanging out, I pack two pairs of khaki-colored nylon pants, two light-weight cotton polo shirts, and one collarless black Dacron t-shirt. A pair of zippers located mid-thigh converts the long pants into cargo shorts.
I don't know if Lysa has brought pants, a skirt, or both. I'll let that be one of her many surprises.
From the get-go it's obvious that Lysa is in superb physical condition. If anything, I'll be the one holding us back on the grueling mountain climbs. I can't help but smile at her oversized bike helmet and big aviator sun glasses with extra large lenses. Along with the reclining seat, at first glance Lysa gives the impression of a pilot in the cockpit of a some kind of exotic, pedal-powered fighter jet. I grab a quick photo on my phone to send to her friends.
By mid morning, we have left the last of the Frankfurt suburbs, and enter a series of little-trafficked back-country roads that roll alongside miles of neatly furrowed farmland. Lysa suggests we stop for lunch at the Gasthause Elizabeth Cafe in the little crossroads village of Poppenhausen.
The Cafe exterior resembles a low-budget Swiss chalet with brown-stained pine lumber and flower boxes full of red geraniums. Inside is a classic bourgeoise Bavarian restaurant. But if the conservatively dressed patrons mind a couple of Lycra-clad bicyclists dining in their midst, they don't show it. The menu is heavy on traditional dishes like Rinderroulade, Bratwurst, Kartofgelkoesse, and Kartoffelpuffer. It's the very antithesis of the trendy East Village eateries I frequented so often in New York, but is ideal for a pair of ravenous cyclists.
As afternoon turns to evening, I watch Lysa maintain a steady cadence, her body relaxed in the recumbent cockpit, her eyes half-closed in the rapture of her own thoughts.
I have no such luck.
Pain radiates across my back and down my legs. My butt aches from pressing on the narrow bike seat and my balls have long ago gone numb. The road itself is narrow, but little traveled and we can hear on oncoming cars or trucks while they are still miles away. The most common vehicles, however, are tractors and combines, which often take over both lanes as they crawl from field to field.
I can't help but wonder what kind of person devotes a life to sitting in a tractor cab, plowing, planting and harvesting the same plot of land year after year? Probably the same kind who sits in a cubical year after year, dreaming of a four-week August vacation.
I count myself lucky that my aunt Bea left me enough of a nest egg to try and follow in her footsteps as a financially-independent collector and trader in contemporary art.
A few miles beyond another crossroads farm town, notable mainly for its towering grain elevators, Lysa becomes fully alert, paying keen attention to the side of the road. "Down here," she shouts, hitting her brakes.
I circled back and follow her through an overgrown opening in the hedgerow. Beyond is a narrow fisherman's trail the ends at the side of a mossy-banked creek. It's as pretty, private and idyllic as J.M.W. Turner painting.
"Local knowledge?" I ask, amazed at the natural perfection of the campsite Lysa has so effortlessly discovered.
"Definitely. Some friends shared it last summer."
"Any insects?" I start to ask, but my legs buckle the moment I swing them off the bike frame. I sink to my knees, the heavily-loaded bike collapsing on top of me.
Lysa drops her recumbent onto the moss and jumps to my aid, lifting my bike off my torso and leaning it against the trunk of an old shrub oak. I gingerly get to my feet as she rubs my calves and thighs.
It takes about 30 minutes, a lot of stretches, a handful of NAISDs and a couple of codeine tablets, but eventually my back and legs return to something approaching a semi pain-free condition. Tomorrow, I'm either going to pedal slower, travel a shorter distance, or trade my bike in for recumbent like Lysa's HP Volentechnik. Or, perhaps, do all three.
While I tarry, Lysa unpacks two panniers, rolls out a ground cloth, opens a self-inflating air mattress and sets up her sleeping bag. She then fires up thr camp stove and begins heating our pre-cooked dinner. The aroma is delicious.
My entire contribution is to retrieve a bottle of Bordeaux and pop the cork with my Swiss Army knife.
Earlier, I'd had fantasies of making furious love with Lysa in exactly this kind of an idyllic, romantic setting. Only now I wondered if I can summon enough energy to merely recover my sleeping bag and air mattress from the strapped-down panniers on my bike. At least the sky is clear, the insect population is not taking notice of us, and it appears we can make it to dawn without pitching the tent.
"The pot roast is ready," she looks at me sympathetically. "Let's use my kit so you won't have to move until later," She says, offering me one of her stainless camp bowls. I nod in agreement.
"Just a few random aches and pains," I tell her. "I'll be fine by morning."
Lysa is dubious. "I'll give you a back massage after we eat," she promises. "To keep your glutes and obliques from tightening up overnight."
"Good plan," I agree, gritting my teeth as a fresh spasm causes my back muscles to contract painfully.
As we eat, I study Lysa's features. Big sister Lilli is an outrageous beauty, completely overshadowing Lysa. But without Lilli's 10,000 watt personality in the room, Lysa emerges from the deep shadows as a beautiful girl.
Her blue eyes sparkle with playful understanding, her lips are full and sensuous, and her figure is ripe and nubile. She has taut, upthrust breasts, a narrow waist and hips, and long coltish legs, except perhaps for the unusually muscular thighs and calves.
In the fading light, Lysa's hair is a tangled nest of golden ringlets and there is a glorious pink sheen to forehead and cheeks. But to be honest, the thing that catches my attention the most is her flat, v-shaped abdomen which is perfectly outlined by her skin-tight biking shorts. Lower, the puffy, outer lips of her labia are unmistakably visible, divided by only the faintest hint of a depression.
Despite the dull pain racking my body, this view is all it takes to revive my animal spirits. Lysa directs me to stretch out, face down on her sleeping bag, where her skilled fingers go to work on my back. Like everything Lysa does, there is no hesitation, only professional competence born from careful study.
"How?" I start to ask.
"A university course in massage therapy," she replies. "It's very popular among cyclists."
"See why," I say, drifting off to sleep.
When I awaken, Lysa is gently rolling me onto my back, after which she takes the waist of my shorts in her hands and works them off my hips and legs. To my surprise, my cock bounds out at full extension, bobbing up and down.
"Never waste a good erection," she giggles, stroking me with a feather-like touch as my eyes flutter open. It's clear from the way I twitch between her fingers, that I'm already a fully primed pump, ready to explode.
Lysa stands up and slips her own shorts down her legs, kicking them off into the darkness. In the dappled moonlight, I can see the shiny signs of wetness on her smooth-shaven outer lips. Without hesitation, she lowers herself on my cock. Inside, Lysa is warm and wet and she slides effortlessly until she's buried full hilt.
Our previous coupling has ridden the ecstasy of our building orgasms in short, frenzied bursts, pausing as we near release, then resuming once the immediate crisis has past. But not tonight. Instead, Lysa initiates a slow, languid pace that builds gradually, but inexorably to conclusion.
It is so all-consuming that I'm not sure whether we have gone five minutes or 50, probably somewhere in between, when I feel the muscled walls of Lysa's womb grip me in a series of involuntary spasms. She moans, I growl from the bottom of my throat, and we orgasm simultaneously on a mossy riverbank beneath the glittering canopy of the Milky Way.
It is as if the entire universe has somehow decided to recognize our coupling and send a wave of energy that rebounds through us at the exact moment of mutual orgasm.
"Holy, shit!" Lysa exclaims, as the afterglow subsided. "Did you feel that?"
"Yes," I whisper, lacking the vocabulary to even begin to describe the sensations I had just experienced. "Ineffable."
"In-whatable?" Lysa asks. I realize it's the first time she hadn't understood my English vocabulary. And it's at least a graduate-level word at that.
"Beyond our ability to express something in words," I explain. We are still joined at the waist, although my tumescence has begun to fade.
"Do you think it will happen again?" she asks.
"I don't know," I answer honestly. "But as long as I'm with you, I wouldn't be surprised if anything can happen. Even the ineffable."
When I wake, the hazy Summer sun is well above the horizon, and the fragrance of fresh coffee fills the air.
Lysa is at the camp stove, humming contently in way that brings back the wonder of last night's lovemaking. My eyes drink in her nubile beauty, as well as the fertile green landscape of ripe fields and timber windbreaks.
A voice speaks out somewhere inside my head, soft but insistent. "You could do so much worse than this. So very much worse."
###
Amazingly, despite sleeping on the thinnest of air pads, my back and legs recover overnight. When we get underway, Lysa sets a slower cadence on my account, and we cruise along at 15 or 16 km/hr, instead of yesterday's 18. We also end the day earlier, at about 5pm, at a cow town west of Leipzig that boasts a Bavarian inn with King-sized beds, a swimming pool and a hot tub, all dripping in geraniums. I register in a NY minute.
The other local attraction is an English-style pub, called The Hole, that promises live music nightly. We drift in after a relaxing dinner at the inn and find an empty table near the back. Within minutes, an attractive girl rushed up, and gives Lysa an enormous hug.
"A girl I know from university," Lysa explains. "She's fetching her friends. If they join us, they won't get hit on by single guys all night." An instant later, three beautiful women arrive at our table, carrying their own chairs. Mia, Lysa's university friend, is blond, as is Emma, and Sophia is the lone brunette.
Sophia's boyfriend is in the band and the three girl's have driven from Berlin to watch tonight's gig.
The band plays, quite well actually, the beer flows, and by closing time, it's clear the girls are in no condition to drive to Berlin. Sophia wants to spend the night with her boyfriend, while Lysa offers to share our King-sized bed with Mia and Emma.
I certainly wasn't going to veto that idea.
Back at the inn, Lysa sets the dress code by removing everything but her panties, and snuggling next to me, which leaves ample room for Mia and Emma on the other half of the bed. They giggle, make lewd comments in German, and strip down to tiny thongs while I wonder if perhaps I haven't died and gone to heaven. Within minutes, I'm asleep.
Toward morning, I notice Lysa is no longer tucked under my arm. Sometime after that, I wake to the rustling of sheets and a discreet female mewing. Next to me, the three girls have formed an inchoate scrum of gently undulating body parts. The air is heavy with the tangy smell of sex, and beneath the high note of feminine moans, are the deeper, dissonant sounds of urgent fingering and licking.
It is Emma who discovers me watching when her wide blue eyes lock onto mine. She whisperes something to Lysa, who apparently agrees, after which, Emma rolls next to me, places her fingers behind my neck and her lips over mine. In an instant, our tongues are roaming over each other while my fingertips toy with Emma's erect nipples. A second after that, my right hand is between Emma's legs as she parts them to accommodate my touch, and the hard pearl of her clit rolls under my middle figure.
Emma's own hand plunges inside my briefs and curls around my cock. I raise my hips and we work together to get my tight briefs off. After just a couple quick hand pumps, Emma hoists herself above me and lowers her hot, warm vagina onto my cock with a long, satisfied moan.
It's then I realize Emma has no more English than I speak German. It doesn't matter. She expresses herself perfectly with the rhythm of her hips and the language of her fingertips. My inclusion in the group sex unleashes a new wave of vocalizations. Lysa and Mia moan and trade sweet nothings in German. Emma urges me on with one of the few German slang expressions I know.
Even without words, I recognize Emma is a generous lover, more concerned with my pleasure than her own, which, of course, encourages me to please her all the more. Even as our bodies collide and withdraw with increased fury, I seek out her hidden — and not so hidden — erogenous zones with my fingertips.
In the end, nothing works quite as well as my tongue swirling in her ear and my finger making clockwise circles over Emma's slippery clit.
As she approaches orgasm, her tiny hips and thighs pound down as I rise off the bed to meet her, rocking the mattress and banging the headboard into the wall. Lysa and Mia pause to watch and when angry banging comes from the other side of the wall we all break into stifled laughter.
Mia, who must be a veteran of hotel affairs, suggests we move the bed away from the wall, which with four us we accomplish without difficulty. When we resume, Emma and I hump our way to a fierce orgasm in a matter of minutes. Lysa and Mia are right behind with lots of moaning and mewling.
As we drift off to sleep, I fantasize about running into the dude next door as I leave surrounded by three German nymphettes. Fortunately, that remains an unfulfilled fantasy, unlike my dream of spending the night with a bed full of lusty beauties.
If I was honest with myself, I'm thankful neither Lysa nor Mia decide they want to try me on for a nightcap. One round with a Emma is more than enough to satisfy me for hours and hours.
In the morning, we wrap towels over our underwear and slip into the hot tub. It's almost Noon when Sophia pulls into the parking lot in her VW Beetle Convertible to pick up Emma and Mia. There are hugs and squeezes and lingering goodbye kisses that seem to confuse Sophia, as well as whispered endearments.
We follow the little red Beetle for a kilometer or two before it finally vanishes around a curve ahead of us. "Emma left a present for you," Lysa said with a sly smile. "Not anything you'd guess in a million years. It's about 40 km, and we have an appointment there at 15:00."
When we finally pull into a small private school parking lot, I'm consumed with curiosity. It is called "Vogel Schule," but I can't make sense of the description on the sign that announces "Autismus-Spektrum-Störung."
Our appointment is with Hans, a young special-ed teacher, who appears as confused as me about our reason for being there. His English is halting, so Lysa makes introductions in German and, after a long explanation, he smiles with sudden understanding. He motions for us to follow him into an art studio.
Hans goes to cupboard and pulls out a pile of paintings — poster paint on stiff white Bristol board. Not exactly archival, but light years ahead of typical middle school art supplies.
"The first thing you should know," Lysa translates Hans comments for me, "is that autistic children do not lie. They express themselves with what can be shocking honesty. This is as true for art as the spoken word."
With that he spreads out half-a-dozen paintings that take my breath away.
The style is primitive with each object drawn with its own one-point perspective, outlined in black and painted in primary colors. But the characters are detailed, animated and incredibly accurate, if the portrait of Hans standing at a blackboard in a beige summer suit is any indication. There is a painting of another teacher, an attractive blonde in her late 30s or early 40s.
Hans places a photo next to the portrait. The likeness is amazing. Somehow the young artist has captured the essence of an educator who has devoted her career to helping cast-off students who are a cypher and an embarrassment to the mainstream educational system.
There are portraits of Mom, with close cropped hair and impossibly large breasts, and Dad, who wears horn rim glasses and an angry, defeated expression. In addition to classmates and siblings, there are many detailed scenes of the artist's friends and families, several of them disturbingly violent or sexually explicit and aggressive.
Within half an hour, I feel as if I'm an intimate acquaintance of this adolescent artist. I recognize his deepest longings, his most terrifying fears, his secret animosities, and unrequited sexual fantasies.
It is almost too much. I hungered for images that captured the truth. And now that I had found them, I'm shaken and uncertain. Uncertain that his parents will share anything so intensely intimate with the public, even if it were done with guaranteed anonymity. Uncertain if art collectors will understand and appreciate the anguished truth behind these paintings. Uncertain if I want to attach myself to the public promotion of such intensely private work.
In the end, all I can do is ask to meet meet the young artist. Even that is uncertain, since it's summer holiday and Hans didn't know for sure if the family remained in town, or are traveling. But he promises to inquire and asks if we could return the following morning.
Lysa understands exactly how important finding this young artist could be. A seminal talent at the very beginning of his artistic development — autism or not! Meanwhile, I'm worried that Hal wouldn't reach the parents, that the boy or the parents will refuse to participate, and even that taking on a troubled client is perhaps more responsibility than I'm prepared to shoulder.
Fortunately, Lysa shares none of these concerns, but continues to extol the incredible talent behind this portfolio stunning images.
I keep my biggest concern to myself, which as unlikely as it seems right now, for reasons known only to him, an adolescent Paul Junior could simply turn his back on his easel and never lift a paint brush again.
Lysa's enthusiasm, however, is infectious. And I'm also curious how Emma has learned about this youngster.
"Emma's baby bro had a painting in some regional art show. Emma remembered the best work of the show was by a boy from the Vogel Schule, which she happened to notice yesterday on the drive to the Hole."
"Guess I really got lucky," I muttered under my breath.
"I guess you did," Lysa says, slugging me unexpectedly in the arm, revealing a spark of jealousy about my coupling with Emma during last night's crazy love-in. I knew enough about Lysa to let the comment go unremarked.
A moment later we step out of the school. The air had grown stifling hot and humid with an inauspicious line of towering thunderheads building in the West. "Better find shelter," I tell Lysa, who nods in agreement.
"There's a hostel about five kilometers east. I've never stayed there, but I've heard it's a good place."
"Let's find out," I reply her, surprised at how easily I'm able to swing my leg over the high crossbar on my bike.
At the Herberge Saxon, the private rooms are booked, but there are two bunks left in the co-ed dorm. I couldn't speak for Lysa, but I was more than ready for a night without earth-shaking sex.
The storm is closing in fast, so we rush next door to a little pizzeria that serves as a de facto dining room. We'd just made it back inside the Herberge with our bikes locked safely in the storage room when all hell broke loose with gale-force winds, marble-sized hail and sheets of heavy horizontal rain. The perfect kind of night for a long summer nap.
I could have done without the snorts and snores of the half-dozen other bikers and hikers in the co-ed dorm room. I notice a couple of young guys watching Lysa longingly as she slips into her sleeping bag. If only they knew the half of it.
###
The morning is clear with puffy fair-weather cumulous clouds, cool temperatures and low humidity, which I hope is the portent of a successful meeting at the Vogel Schule.
It is!
Hans has located the boy's parents, who are already at the school when Lysa and I arrive, wearing almost identical outfits with khaki pants and navy blue polo shirts. I suppose I should have known Lysa would coordinate her wardrobe with mine.
The young artist is known as Paul Junior, named after his father. Paul Junior watches the adults with disinterest for a few minutes, then sets up an easel and goes to work on a painting with unshakable concentration.
I use my iPad to show some 1960s magazine covers of my aunt Bea, as well as a couple 80s and 90s articles celebrating her art collecting acumen. Next, I share the architectural renderings of the Bea Plymptom gallery in Glouchester, along with paintings by the four North American artists with whom I already had contracts.
Lysa translates everything, and it goes smoother than I could have imagined. I make a point of articulating the responsibility I feel for maintain Paul Junior's absolute privacy. Throughout the presentation Paul's parents nod with approval and smile appreciatively at Lysa.
We leave with ten paintings and a signed two-year contract as exclusive American representative for Paul Junior, with an option to renew for another two years. Paul Senior and his wife Heidi leave with a Bea Plymptom LLC check for €5,000, and the hope that their son's prodigious talent might help ease the financial burden of his care.
We also review a list of special procedures I developed to protect Paul's anonymity. Above all, Paul, his parents, friends and teachers need to refrain from posting images online of any of the paintings shown at the Bea Plymptom.
I used a digital photo of a painting by my young Canadian artist to demonstrate how an art search program can locate a duplicate image online in less than a minute. It turned up a duplicate image with the boy's name and contact information that had been on the website of a community art organization in his home town near Quebec City for years.
Before we left the Vogel Schule, I asked a Lysa to choose one of the paintings. She picked an image of a youngster wearing a yellow hooded rain slicker.
There was a devilish gleam in the little boy's eyes that foretold a day ahead that would not be fun for anyone who crossed him. The style was innocent and primitive, but the expression Paul Junior had captured was timeless and spoke volumes about the disruptive abilities of certain children.
It all went back to Hans' comment about the inherent honesty of the autistic child. Paul Junior was painting the world he knew. Nothing more. Nothing less.
Later in the day, we stop at the Deutsche Post and mail eight paintings to my UPS-store address in NYC, one to Lysa's apartment in Frankfurt, and I put the last one in a mailing tube and strapped it to my pannier.
After a couple weeks of dead ends and odd fetishes, the bike tour has finally paid off thanks to a series of unlikely coincidences. I'd once run into a celebrated children's author at my neighborhood pub. "Life is full of luck," he assured me as we downed Guinness Ale. "It's when coincidence starts proving fruitful that you know you're on the right track."
Hopefully, my track runs through Berlin and Prague.