"Anna you won. What is my next challenge?" Weronika wrote to Anna in the group chat after her attempt at satisfying Marek - the pizza delivery guy - needs.
Anna thought only for a second before replaying, "I think you need some rest, but I will expect you to try my next challenge soon".
Couple days have passed, and then Anna's phone buzzed with a new message on the "Dare game with Weronika and Anna" group chat.
"Ok Anna, I'm ready for the next challenge. What do you want me to do?" she read a message from Weronika. Rafał's girlfriend, her pen pal from a couple years. She reminded herself of the events of that night. Does she want to continue? Will she risk losing and having to do her own challenge? Remembering that vindictive look on Weronika's face, when she ordered her to allow Marek to allow him to do whatever he wanted with her. Anna was a very shy person, and embarrassed easily. She would die of fear if she would even have to stand in a towel with nothing underneath it in front of a stranger. Not to mention to drop it and allow him to have his ways with her. But she was tempted, and she had an idea how she may win one more time!
"Ok, so for you to win this round and be able to give me a challenge. I want you to contact Marek and invite him for a next round of fulfilling his fantasy," she wrote after a moment. "Tell him that you are ready."
A moment later, a screenshot from Weronika's phone appeared in a chat message with an invitation for Marek and his replay, "Ok, I will come, but are you ready to submit totally to me? And this time I will not be so gentle with you!"
"Oh no," Anna thought to herself, "she will do it. No! I have to raise the stakes," she quickly wrote a response in the chat. "Agree to it, and if you win the challenge, my dare would not have to have any limit. I will also do anything!" she was biting her lip now, Weronika could not do it? Could she?
With horror in her eyes Anna read another message from a screenshot, "Yes, I want to be your slave! My body as your trophy!"
With a reply from Marek, "Good slut, I will be at your place soon."
"Noo", thought Anna to herself, "how could she be so stupid. Now Weronika knows what she is getting into, and later she will have complete control over Anna." she sat for a moment, to think, to relax. "I haven't lost yet, Marek will make Weronika scream, she will not endure his fantasy." Anna was sure of this. She even looked with anticipation for what Marek will think of this time. "Poor Weronika, I almost feel sorry for her."
"Here it goes," thought Anna when she saw the next message in the group chat.
"Weronika, my slut. I want you to put on a bikini top, some shorts and just in that go outside. I am waiting for you," message from Marek read. A moment later, Rafał posted a couple photos of Weronika in her blue bikini top, that was knotted with strings on her back, and white shorts that showed her bum. It was clearly visible that she had no panties. And then he called with video chat. Just like before.
"Are you ready Anna?" she heard Rafał's voice.
"Yes," she replayed with enthusiasm, "this will be fun! Weronika looks really hot in that bikini and shorts. Like a proper slut. Marek will enjoy this!"
Weronika turned to the camera, stuck her tongue out, revealed her nipple, and said "Prepare you small tight butt for my challenge Anna. I'm going to win this!"
"Don't be so sure, because after today your ass will definitely not be tight anymore!" replied Anna with a lough.
Rafał followed Weronika outside. It was a beautiful day, with warm temperatures. There they saw Marek waiting. Weronika runned to him, hugged him with a smile on her face and kissed him passionately. He turned her around and while still kissing her, he slid his hand under her top and started to feel her large breasts. She in turn, reached to his cock and stroked him through the material of his trousers.
"Weronika, I have a first quest for you today," said Marek, while still playing with her tits.
"What would you want me to do?" she asked, and with just a hint of hesitation, "I will do anything," she added.
"Do you see that man? Do you know him?" asked Marek.
Weronika looked in the direction where Marek was hinting, and answered, "Yes, that is Mr Mieczyslaw, our janitor. Old pervert always looks at my cleavage when I pass him by, but he is nice, so I don't mind." Rafał also turned a camera there, and Anna saw that the man was looking in their direction from time to time while working.
Marek turned Weronika more to the direction of Janitor, untied the knot on Weronika's top, took the bra away and gave it to Rafał for safe kipping. Anna saw that Mr Mieczyslaw was trying to hide his looks now. Marek allowed the janitor to watch, while he was pulling, twisting her nipples and squeezing her tits hard. Marek allowed Mr Mieczyslaw one more long look at beautiful young Weronika's breasts, and then he turned her again.
Then Anna noticed something. He had something in his hand. What was this? She couldn't see exactly. A moment later everything was clear. Marek clamped Weronika's nipples with a chain and put a collar on her throat, which he connected to this chain. A small moan escaped Weronika's lips.
"Marek, honey, I couldn't wait for this. And you brought me a present?" said Weronika with just a hint of pain in her voice.
"Yes, slut, I thought that you would need a reminder of who is in control today." Anna saw just for a blink of an eye, the grimace of cruelty on Marek's face. "I want you to have this chain on your breasts until I take it off. Understand?" he asked.
"Yes, I will endure everything today for you. I want you to be proud of me," responded Weronika.
The nipple clamps were in a shape of butterflies, with wings made of glass and metal. But something was wrong, one clamp was slowly sliding from Weronika's nipple.
"One of them has loose screw, I want you to ask Mr Mieczysław for help with fixing it," said Marek.
Weronika nodded and headed in the direction of the janitor. He saw her approaching, got up, and with a wide smile, "Hello Weronika, you are looking lovely today!" greeted her.
"Hello Mr Mieczyslaw," Weronika also greeted him, "Thank you. You are always so nice to me. I would like to ask you for help with my outfit. One of the butterflies is broken, I think. Could you take a look?" Weronika put her hands behind her back, and stuck her breasts to him. Old pervert had an erection, Anna could see that even on a video taken from a distance.
"Can I take a closer look? My eyes aren't what they used to be," asked Mr Mieczyslaw. Anna knew, he just wanted to stare on Weronika tits a bit more, but she knew Weronika couldn't protest.
"Yes, Mr Mieczyslaw, I beg you to do that, I really need them to be fixed," answered Weronika with a hint of a plea in her voice.
Older man smiled, and started to gently fondle her breasts, pretending that he is inspecting how the clamp mechanism is working.
"Those butterflies look really magnificent on you. You should wear them more often," said Mr Mieczyslaw while pulling one nipple clamp completely exposing Weronika breast. He then played a little with her nipple, before going back to the clamp.
"Thank you, I will try, and I will make sure to drop by and say Hi!" responded Weronika.
"That would be nice, I could use some company," he pulled the remaining clamp from her breast. "Oh, did I hurt you? I didn't mean that," he quickly added when he saw Weronika grimace. Pervert also started to gently caress her breasts to sooth her pain.
"I know you didn't want to hurt me Mr Mieczyslaw, don't worry. I am just very grateful for your help," Weronika assured him and gently shook his hands from her boobies.
Mr Mieczyslaw, bit perturbed by that, got back to work with butterflies, but from time to time he had a look at this pretty young topless girl that was standing before him.
"Aha!" exhaled the older man, "I think I know what is the problem, let me try that," and he started to attach a now fixed clamp to Weronika's nipple. "Not too hard?" he asked when he was done.
"Could you attach it a little harder?" asked Weronika, "I don't want them to fall, that would be embarrassing." she responded with a smile. Old perv grabbed her breast and shook it. The butterfly if not for the chain attached to the collar on Weronika's throat would fall.
"Oh, you are right, I need to adjust that," he noticed and started to squeeze her breast, pretending that he was looking for the best way of attaching the clamp, when in fact he just wanted to play with her. Finally he attached the clamp to her nipple once again. Then he started to apply more and more pressure to the screw that was holding the clamp, and he was observing her reactions.
"Just a little more," moaned Weronika, and when she raised her hand to hold him, to show that it was enough, as by accident she rubbed gently his erected cock through his trousers. "Thank you Mr Mieczyslaw, I think that one is ok, can you pull it a little to check if it will not fall?" asked Weronika. Mr Mieczysław needed no more encouragement. He pulled the clamp, and Weronika pretending that she was losing her balance, leaned on his thigh.
He caught her by the hips, and asked with care in his voice, "Are you ok?"
"Yes, thank you Mr Mieczyslaw," she replied with a shy smile, "I just lost balance for a second. Could you help me with the other one?"
He repeated the procedure with the other clamp, checked the chain connected to the collar, and pulled it up. He was higher than Weronika, and with his raised hand, Weronika had to stand on her toes. And even then her breasts were pulled high.
"That confirms it, that the clamps are connected really good," thought Anna observing the scene on her phone, and gently stroking her own tits.
"You look really beautiful Weronika, could I take a photo? I would like to show it to my wife, she loves butterflies," said the older man and took a phone from his pocket.
Weronika smiled, rested her hands on her hips, bent her head slightly and replied, "This is the least I can do to say thank you," she posed for him for a moment. "Could you send me those pictures later? I would like to have a souvenir, and I don't know if I will get a chance to take some selfies later today."
"Yes honey, I will do that. Now I have to get back to the garage, I have some work to do," he replied and Anna was sure he was going to masturbate while looking at those pictures. Weronika hugged him before he left, moving her half naked body close to him. He hugged her back, and slid one of his hands to her butt. She in turn, stared to twirl her hips around his crotch. They stayed like that for a moment.
"Let me help you properly for your help," Wronika said to his ear, and moved her hand in his trousers.
"Oh, yes, some thank you would be nice," he replayed. Weronika dropped to her knees, untied his fly, and started to suck him. "Suck me deep, you little whore," he said and thrusted his hips hard into her mouth. Weronika choked on him, but didn't move, she wanted to really thank him. He was close to cumming from quite some time, from all this teasing. He pushed a couple more times, and shot a load of cum in her mouth. Weronika took his cock in her hands, stroked it a couple of times and sucked some last drops. Then she licked her lips, looking deep in his eyes and swallowed. He reached to her nipple chain and helped her stand.
"Thank you Mr Mieczysław, if you will need anything else, don't hesitate to ask, I will do whatever I can to help you. And I will try to send you from time to time some pictures, and movies that you may be interested in," said Weronika.
Mr Mieczysław smiled widely, pulled her nipple chain up again and while holding it he said, "Oh you know how to make an old man smile, thank you." He gave the chain one more pull, admiring his work, and left to his garage.
Anna learned later that Weronika sended him all the pictures that Marek did previously of Weronika, and was fulfilling all his requests when he wanted some special photo of her. He was especially interested in some sneaky topless selfies done in her classes.
Anna looked at the video, and thought to herself, "This will be an interesting day..."
But this is a story for another time:) I hope you liked it! Thank you for all the messages that I got!