It's worth walking four blocks for a fancy, overpriced cup of coffee just to get out of the office for a few minutes. Even the cold December wind blowing up Light Street off the harbor didn't deter me. I'd spent all morning and lunch at my desk staring at spreadsheets, trying to figure out how to cut two hundred forty-eight thousand, six hundred sixty-two dollars and thirty-eight cents out of the project budget.
The fact that I had the exact amount memorized told me just how badly I needed a caffeine break.
Trudging back to work, steaming cup in hand, I wondered if I ought to buy Christmas presents for my ex-wife's niece and nephew. It was the first Christmas after our divorce, so I wasn't really sure of the protocol. If I got them something, Aimee might say it was inappropriate. But if I didn't, she might say it was heartless. I was never certain which way she was going to come down on this sort of thing.
That's part of the reason we're not together anymore.
As I rode the elevator back up to the office, I decided I had to bite the bullet and just ask Aimee what she wanted me to do about Christmas presents. The choice between texting her and opening my spreadsheets back up made the decision a little more palatable. But only a little.
I had deleted two attempts at a message and was tapping out a third when my phone unexpectedly rang in my hand.
"Unknown Caller" popped up on the screen.
Normally, I'd dismiss it and let it go to voicemail, but this time I figured a few minutes with a robo-call would forestall two unpleasant tasks. I tapped "accept" and answered it.
"Hello?" I said, expecting the usual automated moment of delay but was surprised to hear an immediate response.
"Hi, um... Beer Haver?" the feminine voice asked cautiously.
'Beer Haver' is my trail name—a nickname I got saddled with back in college when I lugged a case of cheap beer along on my first wilderness backpacking trip. It's a name I associate with trees and fresh air and crisp nights around a campfire. Hearing it used now—as I sat in my fluorescent-lit, climate-controlled office on the eighth floor, looking out the window at downtown Baltimore—was kind of jarring. But I knew at once who the caller had to be.
"Springer Mountain Bride, is that you?" I asked, a broad smile spreading across my face.
"It's me," she replied brightly. "Guess where I am."
It had been late summer when our paths had crossed up on the Appalachian Trail. The ink was barely dry on my divorce papers and my buddy Will had taken me up to the mountains to decompress. She'd come down from Maine, through-hiking the whole damn Trail, heading south to Georgia.
"Well, it's been about three months, so I'm gonna say... Atlanta?" I replied.
"Close. I just finished. I'm standing on top of Springer Mountain." There was a definite note of triumph in her voice.
It was our second night out on the trail and Will and I had just started making dinner with some other hikers we'd met when Springer showed up at our campsite, looking for all the world like a steel trap ready to snap your hand off.
It took some prodding, but she eventually warmed up and joined the rest of us for dinner. Apparently, she and her fiancé—what was his name again?—had had a fight over something a couple of days earlier and it had gotten out of hand. He abandoned her in the middle of the night. Asshole.
She and whatshisname were supposed to get married at the end of the trip. That's how she'd picked up the trail name 'Springer Mountain Bride'. Kind of romantic, I guess. Rather than let him have the satisfaction of derailing her adventure, Springer had decided to press on without him, even though he'd taken half their gear.
Springer and I were just two people who needed someone at that moment and we found each other. It had been a rebound thing for both of us. I'd given her my phone number and asked her to keep in touch, but honestly, I never expected to hear from her again.
"Well congratulations! You made it the whole way. I'm really happy for you."
"Thanks... You wanted to know when I finished, so..." she continued, somewhat awkwardly.
"Yeah, yeah. I'm glad you called. That's got to be a really amazing feeling, doing something like that all by yourself."
"Yeah, I think I'm freaking out just a little. It's hard to believe it's actually over."
"I can imagine. How long did it take you?"
"Uh, six months, four days, and... if it's one-thirty now, call it six and half hours."
"Wow! I wish I had that kind of vacation time."
"Well, quit your job. Your schedule opens right up," she quipped.
"I will definitely keep that in mind. So... what's your next adventure?"
"I um, really don't... Well, I guess first I have to get down off this mountain," she laughed, "then fly back home and... find a job I guess."
"Aw, that's gonna be a rough transition."
"Yeah, um... Listen... there was one other thing I wanted to tell you, and I'm not really sure how to say it, so just... " she took a deep a breath. "...I'm pregnant, and it's yours, and I'm keeping it, and I know that's totally my fault because you wanted to be safe and I pushed you, and that's all on me, so if you want to hang up the phone and pretend like I never called and forget all about me, I get that and I'm ok with it. I won't call back and you'll--"
I was not prepared for that. But the news that I was going to be a father barely registered. All of the triumph and pride had gone out of her voice. All I could hear now was fear and anxiety.
"Springer--"
"--you'll never hear from me again. But if you want to be involved somehow, I'm ok with that too. I'm open to whatever kind of arrangements you want to work out, or, or no arrangements if that's what you want, because like I said, I know this isn't your fault and--"
I could practically see her, all alone on top of that windswept mountain. She was one of the most fiercely independent and self-reliant women I had ever met, but as she tried to let me off the hook, she just sounded so small and fragile.
"Springer--"
"--and I'm sure this is totally a shock and you probably need time to think and it wasn't fair to just drop it on you like this, so if you need to take some time and think, I get it, and I'm not going to rush you or try to guilt you into anything. You have my phone number now, so if you--"
She was supposed to be getting married today. She and whatshisname should have been together on top of that mountain surrounded by family and friends. But instead she was alone. Instead of a wedding she had, what? A one-night stand and a burden for life?
No, I couldn't let her bear that by herself.
"Springer!"
"...Y-yeah?" she finally let me break in.
"I can be in Atlanta in five hours. I'm already out the door, but I have to use my phone to book a flight. I'll text you as soon as I land, ok?"
"...Oh! Um, ok." There was a catch in her voice as she said it, and the call ended abruptly.
By the time my Uber dropped me at the airport, I had a QR code on my Delta Airlines app and a rental car waiting in Atlanta. My flight didn't leave for another hour so as I sat at the gate with a spreadsheet open on my laptop, I chopped a quarter of a million dollars out of the budget with a machete and emailed it out. It's amazing how a change in your priorities can simplify things.
Buckling into my middle seat, I ignored the safety briefing, and had a moment to breathe at last. I finally realized just what the fuck I had gotten myself into.
Kids are crazy expensive.
I quickly pulled down my latest financial statements before the plane took off, then waited impatiently for the plane to reach altitude. Much to the annoyance of my row-mates, I set up my laptop on the tray table and spent the better part of the two-hour flight crunching numbers.
Christmas presents for Aimee's family were pretty much out, no matter what she thought about it. In fact, all of my Christmas shopping was going to have to be scaled back. I was on track to have my student loans paid off in the next two years. Not anymore. My retirement contributions and mortgage payments were higher than they strictly needed to be. I'd have to dial those back to the minimum.
But none of that really mattered. The last time the market took a hit, I grieved for the drop in my 401K. Now, watching the projections curve downward as I diverted money into parenting expenses was almost exhilarating.
As the plane drew closer to Georgia, I realized that it wasn't the idea of being a father that had my heart beating faster... it was the thought of seeing Springer again.
{Just landed in ATL} I sent to her number as the plane taxied to the terminal.
A moment later I received{Checking into hotel now}{MUST shower}{Give me 2 hours}
{Dinner?}
{OK} followed by the address of a hotel near the airport.
After picking up my rental car, I found a Walmart nearby and killed some time buying a change of socks and underwear as well as a couple of other sundries. Whatever happened, I figured there was a better than even chance I wouldn't be flying home tonight.
It wasn't far from there to the hotel, so after two hours I sent another text to let her know I was waiting down in the lobby, but to take her time.
When she walked in I recognized her immediately, even though she didn't look quite like I remembered.
The last time I'd seen her we'd both been grimy, disheveled, and worn from days on the trail in the late summer heat. Now, she still had a lean, careworn look but she was fresh-scrubbed and clean with her hair brushed out loose. There was no doubt it was her—the scruffy hiking boots were a dead giveaway.
"Springer," I called, standing up. She looked my way and her eyes lit up with her smile.
"Hey, you," she replied, recognizing me. I offered my hand but she went for hug, and we jockeyed awkwardly for a moment before sharing a platonic embrace.
"You shaved," she observed, stepping back.
"Yeah, most days," I answered, rubbing my chin. "Your hair is longer."
"Haven't been to a salon since May," she shrugged, brushing a stray lock from her face.
"Congratulations, again," I offered awkwardly. "Two-thousand miles by yourself, that's... really something."
"Thanks... You really didn't have to come all this way, but... I'm glad you're here."
"It seemed like a face-to-face kind of conversation," I shrugged. "Oh, uh, here, this... this is for you." I got a quizzical look as she took the pink and blue gift bag I offered. "Flowers seemed kind of impractical, so..."
Reading the label on the bottle she pulled from the bag, a grin spread across her face. "Prenatal vitamins," she laughed, "Nice."
"I know that freeze-dried trail food doesn't have a lot of folic acid, so... thought you might need to catch up."
"Very thoughtful," she conceded.
"Can I ask you a personal question?" I ventured.
"Well, I'm standing here with a belly full of your DNA, so... I'd say personal questions are on the table, yeah."
"What is yourname?"
She blushed and looked down at the floor. I was relieved to see that she was just as embarrassed as I was to have been so reckless with an essentially anonymous stranger. Brushing that lock of hair out her face again she smiled and answered "It's Molly. Molly Williams."
"Molly," I repeated. "Glad to meet you. I'm Chris Novak. Christian actually, but Chris... Chris is good."
After weeks of living off boiling water added to foil pouches of freeze-dried food, Molly had been craving "Lasagna. Real lasagna, baked in an oven with layers of pasta and fresh meat and tomato sauce. Oh, and gooey melted cheese..." Since she didn't feel like she was dressed for anything nicer, we settled on a chain Italian place for dinner.
There was the customary small talk on the drive over and as we waited on the server. We toasted the end of her trip with cloyingly sweet iced tea. The whole thing would have had a very first-date kind of feel to it, if it wasn't for the elephant in her womb.
"So..." I started as our waitress walked away to put in our orders. I don't know what changed in my demeanor or my expression, but she picked up on it and immediately blurted "Don't!"
"Don't... ask me to marry you... if that's what you wanted to say face-to-face."
"...No," I assured her, a bit taken aback, "No, I... I wasn't going to. I mean, not so soon anyway."
"I'm sorry, that must have sounded terrible," she blushed, withdrawing into herself. "It's just that... after Bryan... I'm just not ready to... to do that again."
Bryan. That was the asshole fiancé's name.
"I get that... It's ok. I was just going to ask if you've made any plans or decisions yet."
Molly took a breath.
"I want to keep the baby," she answered, "but to be honest, I've been trying not to think about it. I mean, I'vebeenthinking about it—when you're plodding along the Trail all day, your brain just goes there, y'know? But I've been trying not to..."
She sighed and collected her thoughts.
"When I was late, I figured it was poor nutrition or dehydration or something. And I told myself the nausea was just a stomach bug. I didn't know for sure I was pregnant until about two weeks ago. By then, I was so close to the end... God, you must think I'm the most selfish person in the world." She slumped forward on the table, burying her face in her hands.
"I think you were focused on a goal and just... tuned out the distractions," I tried to reassure her.
"That's nice of you to say, Chris," she replied looking up at me, "but if something goes wrong because I was in denial... that'smyfault."
"Hey, don't beat yourself up about something that hasn't happened yet. Nothing is going to go wrong."
"You can't know that," she retorted gently.
"...Fair enough. What can I do to help?"
"You're not going to try to talk me out of keeping it?" she asked, giving me a sidelong look.
"Did you want me to?"
"Honestly, once you said you weren't here to propose, I figured that was the only other reason you'd come all this way," she admitted. It stung a little. "Don't get me wrong, I'm glad you're here... But why are you here?"
I leaned forward on my elbows with a sigh. "Look, three months ago, I met a woman who sparked my imagination in a way no one has in a long time. She was strong and confident and at the same time kind of lost and kind of vulnerable. She didn't just talk about doing incredible things, she actually went out and did them—by herself if she had to. And frankly, the night we spent together was... I meandamn!" Words failed me.
She smiled and blushed and rolled her eyes.
"And then she just... left. She walked out of my life as easily as she'd walked into it. I think I'm here because I got a second chance, and I don't want to let her just walk away again. Back in Maryland, we seemed to click. Maybe I'm wrong, but I thought there was some chemistry there."
"You're... not wrong," she admitted. "But Chris, we're both old enough to know that's not always enough. And to be honest, I don't think I'm ready for another relationship so soon."
"Yeah, and I'm probably not either. But we've got this kid on the way now and that seems like a good reason to at least try and... see if maybe there can be something between us."
She studied me for a moment and I did my best to look sincere. Then her expression softened and she put her hands on mine.
"You're sweet, Chris," she shook her head contritely. "But you only know the broken girl who needed to get laid out in the woods. I'm not really that person."
"No, I know that... I get that... I want to know who that girl from the woods really is."
Molly sighed and looked at me for another moment.
"You're asking me to what? Be your girlfriend?"
"I guess I am," I laughed. "You weren't planning to get back together with Bryan, were you?"
"No!" she scowled.
"Met anyone else in the last three months you'd rather be with?"
"Not really."
"So?"
She touched her finger to her lips and considered for a moment. "You should know I've fucked up every relationship I've ever been in."
That wasn't actually surprising. "I have too. Everybody does, until the last one," I assured her. "I'll take my chances."
As we ate, we discussed more practical matters. Professionally, Molly's a graphic artist. After college, she'd worked a variety of part-time retail jobs—high-end boutiques and specialty stores mostly—while building a client list and a reputation as a freelancer. She didn't think she could support a family on freelance work though, so she was going to look for her first nine-to-five. I offered to help with money, and she accepted but--
"I need to get my life together and stand on my own, first," she insisted.
So no financial support from me until the baby arrived. She did agree to let me put her on my health insurance, which was much more flexible than her own.
When Bryan left her, she'd arranged to move back in with her parents in Ohio after she finished the Trail. They didn't know about the baby yet. She was resigned to living at home until she could arrange a place of her own, but she wasn't looking forward to it.
"Do you have any friends you can stay with?" I asked.
"Ermm," she grimaced "All of my friends are Bryan's friends too. I'm not saying they'd all take his side, but... he's been home for three months and by now they've all heard his side of the story. I could probably crash on someone's couch for a few weeks, but it's the holidays... and given the circumstances..." She gestured at her belly.
"Yeah, that's a big ask. What about brothers or sisters?"
"Nope. Only child, spoiled rotten... Sorry," she replied giving me a sympathetic shrug. "How 'bout you?"
"I'm the fifth of eight," I told her, and her eyes went wide. "Catholic," I shrugged. "Relax. Mom and Dad were devout; I'm just one of those Christmas-and-Easter Catholics."
I offered to relocate to be closer to her and the baby, but we put that idea on hold. She didn't want to stay in her parent's home town and she didn't know where she'd end up, so she didn't want me to disrupt my life just yet. Besides, my insurance was through my job.
"I guess this is going to have to be a long-distance thing for now, huh?"
"It wasn't even a thing twelve hours ago."
"See? That's progress."
The waitress took our plates and we ordered dessert and then more iced tea.
"God, I want a beer," Molly muttered as a tray of bottles passed us. "I haven't had a decent beer since Virginia."
"You know, they say it's ok to have an occasional drink."
She winced. "I've neglected the baby for too long. I don't want to take any chances until a doctor tells me everything's ok. Don't let me stop you though."
"Nah, that seems kind of cruel," I declined. "You should have been drinking champagne tonight."
"Yeah," she agreed, a little sadly I thought.
We talked about a lot of options over iced tea, a lot of paths we could take. But we didn't really make many decisions. There was still time for that. One thing was crystal clear, even though she never said so in as many words. She was preparing for me to walk away. Any help I offered had to be superfluous. She wanted to be able to raise our baby on her own, even if she didn't have to.
Bryan's betrayal must have left scars.
We sat at that table talking for hours as the restaurant crowd faded away. Our waitress had asked several times if we were ready for the check until she finally just set it down on the table with a glare. We got the message. I reached for the faux leather folder but Molly slapped a hand down on it first.
"C'mon, let me buy you a celebration dinner," I objected.
"You're already out two plane tickets and a rental car. I'm buying dinner," she retorted.
"You don't have job," I argued.
"There's still money in my travel account. Whatever is left when I get home, I should probably return to Bryan, so I might as well spend it on you."
I raised my hands in surrender and Molly picked up the check.
As I drove back to her hotel, she told me about a couple of her adventures on the trail. I tried to match her with stories of my own, but most of my best exploits were a decade old or more. It wasn't until I was in college that I discovered a love for the outdoors. Her dad had started her camping and fishing as a little kid. I found myself regretting that my adventures had dwindled as I'd grown up while hers had grown more ambitious.
We pulled into the parking lot and I asked if she'd be uncomfortable if I got a room at the same hotel.
"I've got two beds in my room, Chris. You should crash with me tonight."
"You sure?"
"Well, you wouldn't have bought me the vitamins if you were plotting something sinister," she smirked with a cocked eyebrow. "So yeah—stay with me. You're my boyfriend now, remember?"
I accepted her invitation. Her trail pack was tossed on the extra bed, its contents strewn haphazardly over the bed spread. The room had a distinct smell of pine and wood smoke and sweat. While she stuffed her gear back in the pack to clear off the extra bed, I used the bathroom to wash up and brush my teeth, then turned it over to her.
Stripping to my boxers, I got under the covers and turned my back towards her bed to give her some privacy.
"You can look if you want," I heard her accede as she came out of the bathroom. "This trail-sculpted physique is gonna turn to baby fat in a few weeks. You should enjoy it while you can."
So I rolled over and sat up in bed. She was standing there in a mismatched sports bra and panties. There was a barely perceptible bulge below her navel that I wouldn't have noticed if I hadn't been looking for it.
"Pretty sweet, right?" she asked, spreading her arms and twirling around slowly. "Only took me six months."
"You do look amazing," I agreed.
"Here, take my picture," she urged, crawling onto her bed, taking her phone from the nightstand, and handing it to me. "Someday I want to prove to your kid that his Mom used to be hot."
Molly played at being a model, posing and pouting for the camera while I snapped a few dozen pictures. We laughed and teased each other. Her hair was twisted in a simple top knot for bed. He skin was freckled and blemished from sun and wind and I doubt she even owned makeup. Her underwear was frayed from six months of travel and worn through in places. But she was beautiful and vibrant and alive.
When she started to yawn, I put her phone back on the nightstand.
"Alright, bedtime. You've had averylong day."
"Yeah, fine," she groaned, and crawled under her covers. "God, I haven't slept in a real bed for so long," she yawned again. "Hey, Chris... thank you for being here... I didn't realize how much I just needed someone to talk to. It really means a lot to me."
"You're welcome," I assured her as I clicked off the lights before nestling back into my own bed. "Goodnight, Molly."
"G'night, Chris."
"If you have to get up to pee in the middle of the night, try to remember there's a toilet now."
She threw a pillow at me.
Somewhere in my sleep, I was dimly aware of the sound of rustling nylon and the soft click of plastic buckles. When I woke up in the morning, it took me a minute or two to realize that the other bed was empty and Molly was gone.
{You walked off without saying goodbye AGAIN? Really?} I texted after fumbling around for my phone.
{Good morning!} came her reply with a smiley face a moment later.{Really early flight. Thought you'd want to sleep.}
{I would have liked to have seen you and said goodbye} I sent, hoping it didn't sound too sappy.
{But it's not 'goodbye' this time} she retorted, and I guess that made me feel a little bit better.
{I guess not}{Let me know when you get home safe, ok?}
{I will. You too.}
***
It was a surreal experience sitting back at my desk only about twenty-four hours after I'd dashed out with a "family emergency". My whole life had changed so much, and yet this achingly dull job was still here needing to be done. I had an inbox full of invective from my subs screaming about the cuts I'd made to their budgets which I was just about to tackle when I got her text.
{Back safe in my old bedroom} she sent with a frowny-face emoji.{Nothing's changed except there's a dusty treadmill in the corner}{It's like the last decade never happened.}
{Hang in there. It won't be for very long.} I tried to assure her.
{I haven't told them yet} she sent an hour or so later.{I want to see an OB/GYN first. Make sure everything is ok. Have answers to all their questions.}
{Good plan} I replied.{Celebrate tonight. You deserve it.}{Let me know if there is anything I can do}
{I will} and she attached a picture from last night blowing me a kiss.
***
"So you knocked up Danger Girl, huh?" Will asked as the Ravens game cut to commercial. Monday Night Football in Will's basement was our tradition. He'd called her 'Danger Girl' ever since that night Molly and I had hooked up.
"Who's Danger Girl?" asked the small voice of Will's four-year-old son appearing at the side of the sofa.
"Oh, uh, she's just a lady Mr. Chris knows," Will answered, as surprised by Kevin's appearance as I was. "Shouldn't you be in bed?"
"Mom said I could come say goodnight."
"Alright, come up here and give me a hug." He lifted his son up onto his lap and wrapped him in a burly embrace.
Kevin hugged his dad around the neck and reached over and bumped my fist the way I'd taught him when he was an infant. Then he sat back on his knees and asked "Is she a superhero?"
"No," I told him, "Her real name is Ms. Molly, but your daddy thinks it's funny to call her 'Danger Girl'."
"Oh." Kevin accepted that as an answer. "What's 'knocked up'?"
There was a beat of silence before I bolted up off the sofa. "I'm gonna grab another beer, you want one?"
"Coward," Will glared at me. "And yes," he called as I took the stairs up to the kitchen two at a time.
Kevin was off to bed and the game was coming back from commercial when I returned with the beers.
"Have you got yourself a lawyer yet?" Will asked as I handed him a bottle.
"It's not like that," I protested, dropping back onto the sofa.
"Maybe not yet, but it could be," Will countered. "Have you given her any money?"
"Nope," I shook my head. "In fact, she boughtmedinner."
The subject was dropped as the Ravens began a slow, steady march down the field that ended with a field goal kick from the seventeen. Will brought it up again later as the game went to halftime.
"How do you know the kid's even yours?"
"Come on, man," I objected.
"I'm just looking out for you, Chris. How do you know Danger Girl wasn't slutting it up the whole way down the Trail?"
"Ok, first, her name is Molly," I was getting irritated at this point.
"Second, she told me there was no one else, and--" Will tried to cut me off, but I wasn't having it. "--No,and... she said there's going to be a paternity test no matter what, because she doesn't want her asshole ex to think for one minute that the kid is his."
"Ok," he retreated a bit, taking another swallow of beer. "She hasn't asked you for any money at all?"
"No," I explained. "I offered. She doesn't want money. She wants to get back on her feet on her own. I was barely able to convince her to let me put her on my health plan."
"Aw Chris!" Will grimaced, pressing his argument again. "Now it's documented, man! You're on the hook now! I'm telling you, get a lawyer before it's too late."
"You're making too big a deal out of this, Molly's not like that."
"And you're basing that on what?" he argued, "The less-than-two days you two have spent together in three months? And you were both asleep for most of that. Chris man, you always do this. You jump on your white horse and you charge off to rescue the damsel in distress without even thinking."
"I do not," I protested half-heartedly.
"Really? Winter break, Junior year—New Year's Eve at Fell's Point. You gave that cute chick in the red mini dress your coat because she was shivering."
"Hey, I got a kiss at midnight."
"But did you ever see that girl again? Or that coat?"
"Yeah, I was young and horny and stupid. This is--"
"And how long had you and Aimee been dating when her roommate moved out?" Will continued his interrogation.
"...about three months," I admitted.
"And you swept in to rescue her and took over half the rent."
"I needed a place anyway. That worked out for both of us."
"Yeah, but when Aimee's mother got all upset about it, it was Chris to the rescue again, with an engagement ring."
"This is totally different!"
"How is it different?"
"...Because this time it's as much my fault as it is hers... and there's an innocent kid stuck in the middle."
That stopped him.
"...Yeah, alright," he conceded at last. "But just get a lawyer, Chris. While you're trying to protect them, look out for yourself, too... That's all I'm saying."
"I know, man. I appreciate it... You want another beer?"
The Ravens won by six.
***
The meeting I was sitting in had already run fifteen minutes over when my phone chimed. It was a text from Molly and I shamelessly used it as another "family emergency" excuse to duck out.
{Just got back from the Dr} she'd written.{Everything looks good}{I'm due in early June}
{Great news!} I wrote back. I'd already done the math, so the date wasn't a surprise. My request for paternity leave was submitted to the Human Resources department the day I got back from Atlanta.{Thanks for letting me know}
{So relieved} she continued.{I didn't realize how worried I was until the Dr. told me everything was fine}
{I bet}
{I felt so much lighter, like taking off my pack at the end of the day}
{Nice metaphor}{You going to tell your parents now?}
About an hour later she finally replied.{I think I'll wait until after the holidays}
It was interesting that a woman with the courage to face a thousand miles of wilderness by herself was afraid of disappointing her parents. I called her that night and asked her about it. Molly huddled under her blankets behind a locked bedroom door and whispered so they wouldn't overhear.
According to her, she is their perfect little princess who's never done anything wrong—or at least she's never been caught. They were thrilled when Bryan proposed, and while they thought the Appalachian Trail idea was odd, they were willing to indulge their darling. Apparently, her Mom and Dad were more upset about the broken engagement than Molly was.
It's got to be rough being an only child. All of that attention focused solely on you; all those hopes and dreams you have to carry on your own. I'm glad I have a big family.
So if Molly wanted to maintain the illusion through Christmas, well I guess I couldn't really argue.
***
{Found my new interview suit!} she wrote two days later, and she'd attached a mirror selfie in a smart looking indigo skirt and blazer. The background looked like a department store fitting room.
{Nice!} I replied with a thumbs-up emoji.{You have an interview already?}
{Not yet}{But my resume is up to date}{Accounts on all the job sites}{And I've got emails out to all my old contacts}{Networking!}
That's optimism right there. Hiring is never a fast process, especially around the holidays. There is no way that suit is going to fit her a month from now though, and part of me wanted to chastise her for wasting her money.
The part of me that secretly wants to quit my job and spend six months living in the woods—that part wrote back{Won't be long now. Good luck!}
She replied with another fitting room selfie, this time in her underwear, and I don't mind saying it made my day.
***
I was startled out of a sound sleep by my phone's ringtone next to my ear on the bedside table. The clock radio read "3:22 am" and Molly's name showed on the phone screen.
"Hey, what's wrong?" I managed to answer, as adrenaline surged through my groggy brain, leaving me momentarily disoriented.
"How bad do you wanna fuck me right now, Chris?" Molly hissed.
"Wh... What?"
"Oh God, if you were here right now, I'd climb on your cock and ride it 'til sunrise," she whispered. "Mmph... Chris, I need it so bad."
"I wish I was there to give it to you," I responded, catching on at last.
"I woke up and my whole body was on fire... God I want your mouth on my tits. They're so fucking big... I've never had tits like this, Chris... You made my tits so fucking big..."
"Your tits are amazing," I told her. "If I was there, I'd pour ice cold beer over your chest and lick it off your skin."
"Mmmm, yesss..."
"I want your tits in my hands with your tight little nips between my fingers... I wanna push my cock between them and fuck your amazing tits, Molly."
By this point I was rock hard and had tossed aside the covers to wrap my fist around my erection.
"God yes!" she gasped in a restrained whisper. "I wanna feel your cock on my skin... I wanna taste it... I want your cock inside me, Chris... God, I'm... So... Fucking... Wet..."
I could hear the squelchy sound of her fingers over her hushed desire.
"I want you to bend me over and grab my tits and fuck me like you mean it," she begged.
"Not yet," I teased, fumbling in the drawer of my bedside table for a tube of lube. "I want to taste you first. I want to hear you moan when I buff your clit with my tongue."
"Unngh, yessss," she hissed, "I want to cum on your tongue again..."
"Oh God, Molly... Just thinking about touching you has me so goddamn hard."
"Are you jerking off, Chris? Tell me your jerking off with me," she whispered. I could hear the strain in her voice as she tried to stay quiet.
"Yess!" I confessed. "I'm fucking my hand like I want to fuck your hot little pussy."
"Oh my fucking God, I want to scream so bad," she whimpered.
"Pillow!" I gasped, "Scream into your pillow."
Over the phone I could hear her muffled cries of ecstasy as all of the tension that had been building in her life since the Trail just burst out in a cascade of release. Her orgasm went on and on and I came with her, erupting across my bare chest.
Afterwards I lay there listening to her catching her breath for a long while, until there was a rustling sound like sheets.
"Mmmm, you are good at that," she whispered at last. "That was exactly what I needed."
"My pleasure."
"You probably have to get up for work in the morning, don't you? Hope I didn't wear you out."
"Hey, I do not mind losing sleep like that," I laughed. "Call me anytime you need to."
"Maybe I will," she giggled. "But I'll let you sleep for now. Goodnight, Chris."
"Goodnight, Molly."
By the time I got cleaned up and back in bed, there was a text from her on my phone. Just a single kissy-face emoji. It was 4:05 am. I replied in kind.
***
{How old do you think a kid needs to be to hike the PCT?} she texted out of nowhere.
{You mean the Pacific Crest Trail?} I asked to confirm my assumption.{Thru-hike the whole thing?}
{Yes}
I had to do a quick Google. I'm not nearly as familiar with the Appalachian Trail's west coast cousin. The photos that came up were spectacular—mountain vistas that you can only see out west. I wanted to go. But 2,659 miles from Canada to Mexico is a long slog.
{I dunno. 15 or 16 probably} I answered at last.
{You don't think a ten-year-old could do it?}
No, I didn't.
Frankly, I was a little irritated that Molly was daydreaming about another big adventure when there were so many other things she needed to be focused on right now. It made me wonder what kind of mother would even think about taking her ten-year-old out of school to spend months on end deep in the wilderness.
But if I had that experience when I was ten, how amazing would it have been?
Now I was daydreaming myself—imaging Molly and our kid and I cresting a rise in Washington one crisp spring morning as Mt. Rainier emerged above the horizon. It seemed like a better life than I was living now.
{I bet your kid could do it} I finally replied. Then, because I'm an idiot, I added{How's the job hunt going?}
{Ugh. Don't ask} with a frowny face. No pic for me this time.
***
"Hey, Merry Christmas! Is this a good time?" Molly asked when I answered my phone.
"Yeah, it's fine. I'm at my sister's for Christmas dinner but we're not going to eat for another hour yet. Let me just find someplace quiet, away from the horde of nieces and nephews... Which is easier said than done."
I finally managed to sequester myself away from all the ruckus in an upstairs bathroom. "It is really good to hear your voice. How's everything there?"
"We just finished dinner, so nap time, then movies. I'm thinking New Year's Day is the time to tell them. What do you think?"
"I think it's the perfect day to make a fresh start."
"God, they're going to freak," she groaned.
"Give them some credit. I told my family about you and the baby last night before Midnight Mass."
"You didn't!" she sounded scandalized.
"What better time if they wanted to pray for my soul," I laughed.
"I guess," she conceded reluctantly. "What did they say?"
"Half of them think you're insane, and the other half think you're Wonder Woman, but they all agree that any woman who carries a Novak a thousand miles is worth having in the family. They're all excited to meet you. "
"You didn't tell them we were getting married, did you?"
"I did not," I assured her. "It's a loose definition of 'family'. But they do want to meet you. What are the odds of you getting out to Baltimore before June?"
"Oh... Um, I don't know. Depends on my job situation."
"Yeah, how's the job hunt going?" I knew it was a touchy subject, but I was hoping for good news.
She groaned in response. "It's going nowhere. Some of my old clients have offered me some piecemeal work. I've made a few hundred bucks, but mostly they've found other freelancers they're working with now. And it doesn't look like anyone is really hiring until after the New Year."
"Yeah, the holidays are a tricky time to bring on new staff. Hang in there."
"Can we please talk aboutanythingelse?"
"Sure," I agreed. "Anything new with the kid?"
"No," she admitted. "I've got my next OB/GYN appointment in two weeks, but otherwise, nothing really."
"Have you given any thought to delivery?" I asked, and the pause on the other end of the line told me she hadn't.
I tried not to be troubled by how little interest Molly seemed to have in her own pregnancy. I tried to tell myself that once everything was out in the open and she wasn't hiding it from her parents, then she'd focus. But I couldn't stop myself from wondering if she was just too self-absorbed to care—if that's what had doomed her previous relationships.
"Not really," she finally answered.
"Well, there's still plenty of time for that," I said, biting back my own concerns and changing the subject. "Did you get anything fun for Christmas?"
***
The week between Christmas and New Year's is always slow. About half the people at my company take the whole week off, and nobody really expects much to get done. There was nothing happening for Molly on the job front either.
Her new distraction was in anything with a #vanlife hashtag. She'd text me frequently throughout the week with articles and social media accounts about modern day nomads living out of converted vans and buses, traveling the country and the world.
I had to admit, it looked like an appealing way to live. But I didn't see any way to integrate a crib and changing table into that kind of lifestyle.
Against a growing sense of unease, I held back the urge to tell her how impractical she was being, or that she ought to be reading up on Lamaze classes, or maternity yoga, or something that would actually be useful in her near future. Once she tells her parents, I told myself, she'll be able to admit it to herself. I just had to be patient a few more days.
And so, I joined in the fantasy, and spent idle days at the office looking into ways to trick out a second-hand van into a mobile cabin. There are a lot of creative folks out there doing some really impressive conversions. I kind of wished I could be one of them.
***
I'd had invitations for New Year's Eve from Will and from family. But I couldn't be with the one person I really wanted to be with, so I turned them all down. My little sister Mary invited herself over to my place though.
She's the baby of the family. None of us can say 'no' to her, and she knows it.
"I don't know how you do the long-distance thing," Mary pondered as we watched the Times Square festivities on TV.
"So you drew the short straw to interrogate me, huh?"
"No!" Mary objected. "I volunteered. I practically had to fight Angie for it."
I laughed at that. Our older sister Angelica was the family gossip and made it her business to know everyone else's.
"It's not easy," I admitted, returning to Mary's original question. "We text a few times a day, phone calls a couple of times a week."
"Phone sex?" she asked, eyebrow cocked with salacious curiosity.
I guess I paused too long before trying to deny it.
"Ha! You are, aren't you?" Mary laughed. "I knew it! Grace says she always gets super horny when she's pregnant. And Teresa--"
"No, no, NO!" I cut her off, "I donotwant to know that about my sisters!"
"Fine," she laughed, "but they're all going to want to know about you."
"Whatever." Mary would tell the whole family about me jerking off on the phone with Molly. That was inevitable now. But if I let her think it bothered me, I'd never hear the end of it.
"Have you tried video chat?"
"Once or twice. It was just kind of awkward though."
"Yeah, see that's what I mean," she sat up straighter on the sofa and turned towards me. "You don't have that face-to-face rapport. How do you create that without being together?"
"I dunno. Maybe we can't." I was quiet for a minute before I confessed "I'm thinking about moving out to Ohio."
"Yeah?"
"Molly doesn't want me to. She doesn't want to be stuck in Ohio, and she's afraid that if I get settled out there then she will be."
"What's wrong with Ohio?"
"I honestly don't know," I replied, getting up to get another beer from the kitchen. "It seems like a perfectly fine place to live. But Molly grew up wanting more than small town Ohio life and I guess she feels trapped there."
"I thought she was outdoorsy," Mary observed, taking the bottle I offered her. "Seems like she'd prefer a small town."
"You'd think," I agreed. "Actually, I think what she wants to avoid is a 'normal life'. It seems like she just wants to live her life to be one long adventure. I mean, that's one of the things I like about her—she has these big, ambitious dreams, and she actually makes them happen. But I'm kind of worried that motherhood is going to kill her dreams in a big way."
"You think moving to Ohio is going to help?"
"It might help me to manage her expectations. I'm starting to think it's never going to work out between us. The last thing I want is for our kid to be stuck in the middle."
"You know what Mom would say if she was still alive?" Mary asked rhetorically, taking a swig of her beer.
"Why weren't you at church?"
"Well, yeah... but after that."
"...She'd say 'follow your heart'," I realized. Mom always encouraged us to do what we felt was right for us, individually. No matter how it turned out, the family would always be there.
"So? Where does your heart want to be?" In that moment, she sounded just like Mom. Out of my five sisters, I see my Mom the most in Mary. That's probably another reason none of us can say 'no' to her.
"...What? Are trying to steal the Matriarch's chair from Christine now?"
"You mean 'Mom Two'?" Mary snarked, taking another swallow of her beer. "She's not in charge of us just because she used to change our diapers. Besides, it's not like her advice has ever been any good."
"Ooo... Vicious!" I winced at the dig at our eldest sibling. Then I saw an opportunity. "I'll make you a deal... If you don't tell Angie about the phone sex thing, I won't tell her what you just said about Christy."
***
When she made up her mind to do something, Molly followed through. I'll give her that. A small part of me worried that she'd put off telling her parents again, but I received her text message early New Year's Day.
{Well THAT kinda sucked} followed by an angry emoji. I guess her parents hadn't taken the news well.
{Sorry to hear that. What did they say?}
{My dad just said 'So that's why you've been laying off the booze'}{My mom didn't say anything. She just looked disappointed. Then they went back to the jigsaw puzzle we started last night.}{So I came up to my room}{I think I just grounded myself}
{That's rough. You want to talk?}
{Think I'm gonna cry for a bit first. I'll call you later.} and a sad emoji.
{I'm free all day}
It was hard for me to imagine anyone's parents being so cold. Babies were always welcomed as a blessing in my family, regardless of the circumstances. And Lord knows we've had enough of them. I hoped that her folks would warm up to the idea once they'd had some time to process the news.
It was after lunch when Molly finally called me. I was right about her parents needing some time. They had eventually all sat down and talked.
"They basically said I have to stop wasting my time looking for graphic design work and take any crappy job that will give me a steady income," she explained. "It took them about two hours to say it, but it boils down to going back into retail."
There was something dry and hollow in her voice, like a part of her was missing.
"I can help you with money," I reminded her. "I'm happy to do that. I'm your boyfriend, remember?"
"I know Chris, but I only want you to spend your money on the kid. When the kid needs a crib, or more diapers, or one of those creepy little pump things, I will take your money. I promise. But not yet."
"...Alright." I wasn't going to press the issue. "Did you talk about living arrangements at all?"
"Yeah, they said we can stay here as long as we want to," she said flatly, in the same tone you'd use to tell someone they had a terminal illness. "They'll turn the guest room into a nursery for me. And Mom is talking about maybe retiring so I won't have to worry about daycare."
"You say that like it's a bad thing."
"I know, I should be grateful... I just don't want my kid to grow up in the same miserable town that I did."
"Hey, everyone I know from your town has turned out pretty great."
"Everyone you know from my town is an unemployed, unwed mother living with her parents," she snapped.
I finally caught on that she wasn't ready to stop feeling sorry for herself quite yet.
"...I'm sorry... I just thought maybe I could cheer you up."
"No, I'm sorry Chris. I... maybe I shouldn't have called."
"I'm glad you did. It's good to hear your voice."
"Yeah... Yeah, it's good to hear yours too. Thanks for... just for being there."
"Always," I promised her.
***
{Happy Birthday!} read the text message waiting on my phone when I got out of the shower. There was a birthday cake emoji.
{How did you know today is my birthday?} I sent. Coming so soon after the holidays, most people forgot about it.
{It was on the insurance paperwork you sent me}{Have you got plans tonight? Or can I call you with a special present?} and a winky emoji.
{No plans}{Can't wait to talk to you tonight} and I added a kissy face emoji then wished I hadn't been so goofy.
That wasn't the end of the surprise, though. Around mid-afternoon a kid I didn't recognize in an ill-fitting dress shirt knocked on my office door. Probably a winter-break intern.
"Mr. Novak? Mail."
"Mail? Nobody sends me mail."
The kid shrugged, laid the envelope on my desk, and left. It was a nice envelope made out of a heavy, rough paper stock. My address had been hand written in a beautiful calligraphy. The return address didn't have a name, but it was a street number in Endicott, Ohio. It had to be from Molly.
The card inside was made from hundreds of snips of colored paper arranged and matted to form a scene that I recognized as Pine Knob shelter along the Appalachian Trail—the place Molly and I had first met. She'd made it by hand; probably the envelope too. It must have taken her days.
Inside it readWhere this adventure began!Happy Birthday from both of us.Molly +1X X X
I was touched and a little surprised that she cared enough to go to that kind of effort. It was the best birthday present I ever got, although the phone call that night came a close second.
***
A week later, my cell phone rang with a call from Molly while I was in the middle of my morning conference call. She usually only sends text messages when I'm at work. Muting my desk phone, I picked up her call.
"Hey, what's up?"
"My fucking parents called fucking Bryan!" she raged. I could hear the tears in her voice. "They told him about the baby! He drove all fucking night and turned up on our doorstep this morning."
I've never actually met Bryan, but after the way he hurt Molly, I disliked him on principle. So I was immediately pissed off on her behalf.
"What the fuck!? Why the hell would he do that!?" And then I realized. "Wait... You haven't told your folks about me, have you?"
"I was... No," she confessed, shifting quickly from outrage to contrition. "I'm sorry... Are you mad?"
It stung a little. No, actually it stung a lot. I was tempted to redirect all that anger at Molly, but I caught myself.
"Well, I'm not happy, but... Can you hang on for a second? I need to do something real quick."
"You can call me back."
"No, this will just take a second. Hang on, please?"
"Ok."
I switched back over to my conference call long enough to let them know I was dropping off.
"Alright, you know your family dynamic. It's not my call to decide what to tell them or when. You handled it your way, and I don't like it, but I can respect it... Tell me what happened?"
She took a breath.
"We were having breakfast, and the doorbell rings, and my Mom gets all excited and says she has a surprise for me. She all but pushes me towards the front door, and I open it and Bryan is standing there with a stupid look on his stupid face.
"I should have slammed the door on him, but I guess I was too stunned because my Mom invites him in, and then my dad is there, and everyone is saying hello and shaking hands and catching up like he's family or something.
"I finally manage to say 'What are you doing here?' and he's all like, 'Your mom told me about the baby.' and the asshole actually tried to touch my stomach! So I smacked his hand away and I'm like 'It's not yours.'
"I swear you could have heard a pin drop. And he finally says 'What do you mean?'
"And that's how I ended up standing next to the front door in my bathrobe telling my parents and my ex-fiancé that I got pregnant from a one-night stand with a complete stranger I met in the woods." There was that catch in her voice that sounded like she was caught somewhere between laughing and crying. "I swear, you can't make this shit up."
"No, if it was a movie nobody would believe it," I agreed. "So... do they know I'm in the picture now? Or am I still a secret?"
"Well... No, I guess I didn't tell them about you yet. Bryan was obviously angry and my parents were embarrassed and that made them angry at me, so they kept apologizingto him, which pissed me off. I just... I couldn't deal with it, so I ran back to my room. This whole thing just makes me feel like a fucking teenager, you know?"
"Yeah, I get that. Like your parents don't trust you to run your own life."
"Yes! Exactly! ...I mean... I guess they're not wrong," she sighed.
"Hey, don't get down on yourself. You're gonna turn this around. You. On your terms."
"Yeah, somehow, I guess... So anyway, after Bryan left my folks both went to work without saying anything. I'll tell them everything tonight, and I'll tell them how great you've been. You deserve that... I'm sorry I didn't tell them sooner. You're like... the only thing in my life that's not going to shit right now."
Well that took the edge off the sting.
***
True to her word, Molly told her parents everything that night. She called me afterwards.
"Of course, now they want to meet you," she sighed.
"Ok. I'm guessing sooner rather than later."
"Well, I have an ultrasound appointment the first week of February. They'll be able to tell us the sex of the baby. Is that something you'd want to come out for? I mean, do you want to know?"
"You know, I never saw the point in being surprised. I'd love to be there for that... I mean, if you want to know."
"Yeah, yeah I think I do," she actually sounded happy for a change. "I mean, I don't know how much it matters, but... it's like one little thing about the future I can be certain of, you know?"
"Yeah, I get that. What's a good hotel near you? I'll make a reservation."
"Oh, um... My mom is going to make up the guest room for you." Then in a hushed voice she added "They want a chance to rake you over the coals." But apparently her whisper didn't make much difference, because I could hear her retort "Yes, you do to!" to someone nearby.
"I look forward to the grilling," I laughed. At least Molly didn't have to hide under a blanket behind a locked door to talk to me anymore.
***
Molly met me in the arrivals terminal at the John Glenn Airport in Columbus late in the morning on the first Friday in February. I'm kind of embarrassed to admit that I didn't immediately recognize her.
I was looking for the soft-shell technical outerwear she'd been wearing in Atlanta and overlooked the woman in the long, flowing skirt, baggy turtleneck sweater, and battered corduroy barn coat. Fortunately, I figured it out just as she walked up to me.
"Hey, you," she called, her eyes smiling at me.
"Molly! Hey, there you are," I replied, with what I hoped wasn't too much surprise.
I went in for a hug, but she took my face in her hands and she kissed me. It was a long, soft kiss—the kind you feel all the way to your toes. And the whole airport just, sort of, faded into the background. I hadn't kissed her since that long-ago summer morning she walked out of my life, so I wrapped her in my arms and made up for lost time.
"Well, hello," I gasped when her lips finally broke from mine.
"That seemed overdue," she shrugged with a shy smile.
"Man, it's good to see you." It really was. "You changed your hair color."
"Yeah, it was like one thing in my life that I could actually have control over. Silly, I know," she shrugged.
"I like it. It suits you."
"Thanks."
I couldn't take my eyes off her as we walked out towards the short-term parking lot. "You know, I've never seen you in a dress. You look good."
"Oh, please," she groaned. "I haven't really had time or money to buy new clothes, and it's getting harder and harder to cover all of this," she grumbled gesticulating at her stomach.
"I can buy you maternity clothes," I offered as I tossed my overnight bag in the back seat of an older model Honda Civic. "That's kind of a baby expense."
"I dunno..."
"Call it a late Christmas present."
"I didn't get you anything."
"Molly, stop it."
She pressed her finger to her lips and looked at me for a long second, trying to make up her mind. "Alright," she sighed at last, starting the car. "We'll probably have some time after seeing the doctor before my folks get home from work. We can stop at the Walmart in between."
"Or... Someplace nicer?"
"Why? It's not like I have a lot of social obligations to get dressed up for."
"...Alright." I suppose I should be happy she's not the type to spend a lot of money on clothes. Well, at least not clothes that don't count as "gear". That soft-shell she was wearing back in Atlanta was easily $250. "Walmart it is then... Any word yet from the department store?"
"No, and it's been over two weeks since the interview," she groused. "The ad's not even up any more. I think they must have hired somebody else."
"Aw, that sucks... I know you felt really good about that interview."
"Yeah, well..." She quickly changed the subject. "Are you hungry? We should get lunch in Columbus before we get on the road."
"I could eat."
After a light lunch, Molly pulled out onto the interstate. About half an hour later, we turned off onto a state highway and drove through one town, and then another.
I watched out the window as the picturesque landscape rolled past. Unlike back home, where every suburb sort of blends into the next one, each idyllic midwest town was distinctly separated from the next by a wide stretch of forest or farmland. The last snowfall lay over everything in a half-melted patchwork or plowed into sooty seams along the roadside.
I don't remember how it came up, but after lunch we got to talking aboutSaturday Night Live. For my money, SNL was never better than with the original cast—Akroyd, Belushi, Radner, and that bunch. Yeah, that was before I was born, but dad loved to watch the old episodes on cable, and since we only had the one TV, we all watched them. Molly preferred the reruns from the 80s with more star power.
That got us talking about old sketch comedy shows—Monty Python,The Kids in the Hall, even Carol Burnett... Molly knew them all.
We quoted our favorite lines back and forth, and when we couldn't quite remember a sketch, I'd download the clips on my phone. Sometimes the way we remembered them were funnier than the originals.
It was so good to hear her laughing for a change.
"How much farther is it?" I asked, more out of curiosity than any desire for the trip to be done.
"Um, about another forty-five minutes."
"Seriously? Wow. Living on the east coast, you forget how spread out the rest of the country can be. When I leave the airport, I'm only an hour or two away from threeotherairports... well, I mean, depending on traffic."
Molly smiled at that. "Yeah, traffic is rarely a problem around here. My folks live in Endicott about two hours from the airport, but my doctor is in Morton Downs, a couple of towns over. It's a bit out of our way, but at least the Walmart will be on the way home."
"Your town doesn't have a doctor?"
"Not an obstetrician. Not anymore."
At last we pulled into a two-story office park behind a strip mall. Morton Downs—what I could see of it—sprawled along the intersection of two state highways. It was a dull, asphalt and concrete town full of franchises and big box stores and familiar logos.
We were about a half an hour early for Molly's appointment, so we sat side by side in the waiting room leafing through out-of-date parenting magazines and laughing at the saccharine photos of giddy or befuddled young parents. We promised each other that would never be us, but I think we each feared it would be.
They finally called Molly back to an exam room and she invited me back as well. After a lot of poking and prodding and goop, the doctor was happy to tell us that our daughter was doing very well, and everything thing looked normal.
"That will make my mom happy at least," Molly said as we got back into the car. "She always warned me that I'd have a daughter exactly like me someday. Now she can say 'I told you so'."
"Oh yeah? That used to be my mom's favorite thing. She said the lessons you learn the hard way are the ones that stick with you, but that's still no excuse for not listening to your mother."
"I think my mom would have liked your mom," she laughed. "Who are you texting?"
"Oh, my big sister Angelica. I'll score a few points with her if she's the first to know we're having a girl. It's a good idea to stay on Angie's good side."
"Good to know... So any thoughts on names?"
"Hmm, I'm pretty open on names... Nothing biblical or religious, though."
"Really,Christian?" she deadpanned.
"Hey, that was Mom and Dad. I didn't pick it myself."
"Alright," she conceded. "What do you think of Olivia?"
"It just makes me think of olives. How about Emma?"
"Ugh. Too trendy, and so done. What about naming her after your mom?"
"Dorothy? Dottie? Ehh..."
"Yeah, that's not great," she agreed. "Maybe as a middle name?"
"Yeah, I suppose Dorothy could be a suitably embarrassing middle name. What about your mom's name?"
"You can't name a baby after a living person. It's bad luck," she insisted.
"Really? I'd never heard that. Is it bad luck for the baby or the person the baby's named after?"
"I don't know," she frowned. "I just know you're not supposed to do it."
"Huh. Must be an Ohio thing."
We tossed a few more names back and forth as we drove to the other end of town. Nothing really stuck though.
At the Walmart, we filled a cart with maternity clothes. It took a while for Molly to finally let me buy her anything more than just an outfit or two that fit right now. She eventually relented, and we found clothes to see her through the next four months.
Even though it was Walmart, buying Molly a whole wardrobe cost more than I was expecting. I suppose I'm going to have to get used to a tighter bank account sooner or later though, and this was money well spent.
I don't think Molly got out of the house much. Even if it was just a couple of hours, I think the "retail therapy" did her good. As we crossed the sprawling parking lot back to the car, she hopped on the end of the cart and I pushed her faster and faster until she was screaming with laughter. Of course, I went past her car and had to turn around and push her all the way back. Uphill. It was worth it to see her smile.
It was another forty-minute drive to her parent's house in Endicott.
"Alright, prep me for the interrogation," I prompted. "What should I know about your parents?"
"Alright, well, my dad was a machinist at the factory before it closed down. He works as an exterminator now."
"That's rough. When did that happen?"
"Uh, my first semester of college. He was unemployed for a couple of years, but my folks refused to touch my college savings."
"Blue collar and proud. Ok, he sounds a lot like my dad. I can work with that. You once said he taught you to fish? What else does he do for fun?"
"Well, fishing's his big vice. He ties flies and services high-end reels as a side business. He gets together with his buddies for a big annual trip when he can afford it. It's usually West Virginia or the Great Lakes, but occasionally they splurge and go down to the Gulf."
"Good to know. How about your mom?"
"She's a part-time administrator at a church in Morton Downs, and the coordinator of volunteers for the county board of elections. That keeps her pretty busy, but she likes game shows and baking and jigsaw puzzles. And she's been writing a novel since... I dunno, I think I was in high school when she started it."
"What's the novel about?"
"I don't know," she confessed, shaking her head. "She won't let anyone read it until it's done. Every few months she tells me she finished another chapter."
As we crossed a bridge and turned onto Main Street just after sunset, I got my first look at Molly's home town. A faded sign read "Welcome to Endicott, Established: 1947" and there was a blank space next to the word "Population:" that looked like it had been empty for a long time.
Nearly every storefront we drove past was boarded up. The only lights on the street were the neon signs in the window of a dive bar called "Eddie's". Otherwise the street was dark and deserted. The streetlamps were off, but in the twilight, I could still see that the town square was overgrown and in disrepair. Molly weaved between potholes in the crumbling asphalt.
One of the churches we passed appeared abandoned. The other had a well-kept lawn and a light shining over the front door, but the paint was cracked and peeling, and a broken window pane had been patched with cardboard.
Looming over everything stood the empty five-story edifice that had once been the local economic engine. The factory stood dark and silent, like a grave marker for the entire town.
We turned off Main Street into a grid of cookie-cutter homes on postage stamp lots that had been built by the factory to sell to its workers so they could be close to the job. This had been a nice little post-war company town once. But once the company left, there wasn't much need for the town.
There were at least a dozen "For Sale" signs in front of houses on Molly's street alone. Some of them looked to have been there for years.
The porch light was on over the front door of Molly's parents' house though, and it looked to be well cared for. We pulled into the driveway behind a light duty pickup truck.
"Just leave the Walmart bags in the trunk," Molly instructed as I pulled my overnight bag out of the back seat. "We'll come back out for them later."
She took my hand and led me up to the door, which opened as we climbed the front stoop. Her parents were waiting in the foyer.
Show time.
"Mom, Dad—this is Chris," she introduced me with an excited smile as the door was closed behind us.
Molly's parents are younger than mine were. That shouldn't have been a surprise. She's two years younger than I am, and my oldest sister was fourteen when I was born. I hadn't thought it through though, so meeting them came as a bit of a shock.
Her father is a tall, lanky man who had a few inches on me. He used every one of them as he loomed over me glowering. "So you're the young man who got our Molly in trouble." It wasn't a question.
"Yessir, I suppose I am," I laughed, figuring he was just giving me a hard time.
"That's funny to you?"
"Oh, uh... No, no sir. Sorry, I suppose I'm a bit nervous," I apologized, offering my hand. "Chris Novak. It's nice to meet you Mr. Williams."
"Mm-Hmm," he replied, shaking my hand coolly.
I offered my hand to Molly's mom as well. "Ms. Williams, how do you do?"
"It'sMrs.Williams," she answered sourly, ignoring my gesture. "The guest room is made up for you; you can put your bag in there. Supper will be at seven."
So that's how it's going to be.
"I'll show you the way," her father said flatly, picking up my bag and taking a long stride toward the stairs. "Molly, go help your mother."
She gave me an apologetic smile and a sympathetic shrug as her fingers brushed across my arm and she followed her mom towards the kitchen.
As I started up the stairs, Mrs. Williams called back "Shoes!" without turning. I hadn't noticed that Molly had slipped hers off as we came in. I hastily pulled off my sneakers and caught up to her father waiting at the top of the stairs.
I figured I was walking into the same man-to-man talk I'd gone through with Aimee's dad all those years ago, but Mr. Williams simply dropped my bag on the room's one twin bed. "Keep the door open, if you don't mind," he instructed. "The bathroom is across the hall."
And he left. I was starting to feel just the tiniest bit unwelcome.
Wandering the house on my own didn't seem likely to improve my situation, so I passed the time in my cell. One wall was painted corner to corner with a mural of a mountain landscape. There were tiny details hidden everywhere—campers and rock climbers and hikers, cougars and wolves and bear, moose and bighorn sheep and deer. Down in the corner, it was signed "Molly" and the year. She'd painted it when she was fourteen.
Another wall was filled with photos of her father's fishing trips. Each one was labeled with the date and the location. There was a small desk in the corner with an old computer sitting on top and printer underneath. I'm guessing that's where her mom wrote.
At seven, Molly knocked on the door frame.
"Dinner's ready," she announced clearly. Then in a whisper she added "I'm sorry, I don't know why they're being so weird. Are you ok?"
"I'm fine," I assured her quietly. "It's an uncomfortable situation for everyone."
She led me to the dining room just off the foyer. Her parents were seated at the table looking at us as impatiently. I pulled out the closest chair for Molly, then took the last seat across from her.
"For the food we are about to receive," Mr. Williams began as soon as my butt hit the chair, "to the nourishment of our bodies, we are truly thankful. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen."
"Amen." Molly and her mother repeated, and I was quick enough join them.
Mr. Williams silently doled out portions of spaghetti with meat sauce, garlic bread, and tossed salad and passed around plates one at a time, starting with me. He served himself last, and everyone began eating.
That seemed like the time to try again.
"I saw that picture upstairs of the marlin you caught down in the Keys, Mr. Williams. How much of a fight did he put up?"
He looked at me for a long second with a blank expression, then turned to face his wife.
"Young man, we'reeating," she told me in no uncertain terms.
I looked across the table at Molly. She was clearly embarrassed, but I wasn't sure if it was me or her parents that had embarrassed her. She shook her head subtly, and I got the message—no talking during dinner.
I didn't know if this was their custom, or some kind of mind game they were playing to make me uncomfortable. Molly didn't seem freaked out by it, so I played along and ate my dinner in silence.
After we finished—which didn't take long with no conversation—Mr. Williams told Molly to help her mother with the dishes and invited me to the living room for a chat. He gestured me towards the sofa and settle himself in an armchair next to the fire place.
"Christian Novak, huh?" he asked, after looking me over for a moment.
"Yes sir. Just 'Chris', if you don't mind." He ignored that.
"You went to college?"
"Yes sir. Frostburg State."
"Never heard of it."
Most people haven't. That was probably for the best. Frostburg had a reputation as a party school when I was there; that's why I was there. "It's a small school in western Maryland."
"Did you finish?"
"Yes sir, I got my bachelors in psychology."
"Psychology?" he scoffed. "You some kind of shrink?"
"No, um... after college my Dad got me a job driving a forklift." I didn't think he'd be impressed by the year I spent making fancy coffee drinks after college, but I was hoping my years in the warehouse might earn me some blue collar cred.
"Oh yeah? What did your old man do?"
"He started out as a longshoreman for the Port of Baltimore. Worked his way up to heavy equipment operator and eventually foreman. Served as union treasurer for a while."
"It sounds like you wasted four years and needed your father to bail you out."
"Daddy!" Molly objected from the kitchen.
"I wasn't talking to you, sweetheart." He didn't even look away—just kept boring into me with his eyes, daring me to prove I was good enough for his daughter.
"I suppose that's one way to look at it," I admitted. "Psychology didn't turn out to be a very employable degree." Honestly, I only became a psych major when I noticed the male-to-female ratio in that program was way off balanced in my favor. But I wasn't about to admit that.
"You still driving forklifts?"
Molly tried to come to my aid again, calling from the kitchen "Dad, I told you--"
"I want to hear it from him, Molly," her father cut her off brusquely.
"No sir, I went back to school. I got my MBA with an L&SCM focus from UMCP, got a job as an APM, and then got my PMP cert at UMBC. I'm a senior PM now, and pretty good at it." I used the acronyms deliberately. I know it was a dick move, but I was getting annoyed, and I wanted to make him feel a little ignorant.
"I'm afraid I don't know what all those fancy letters mean," he conceded. "They sure sound expensive, though. Did the forklift job pay for all that?"
Dammit, he did it again. He managed to take an accomplishment I ought to be proud of and make it sound like a screw up.
"No," I sighed. "My company paid for my certification, but I took out student loans for the MBA."
"Which means you're in debt," he concluded.
"I still have some student loan debt and my mortgage. But that's it. The car and credit cards are all paid off."
"You own your own place?"
"Yes sir. A little house on the Back River just outside of Baltimore. Waterfront property, good resale value." I wondered how he was going to turn that around.
"Lot of bad news out of Baltimore these days."
"Yeah, we've hit a rough patch, but Baltimore always bounces back. Things will turn around again. They always do." I realized that probably hadn't been the Williams' experience living in Endicott and was waiting for him to tell me so. He changed the subject instead.
"Molly tells us you're divorced."
"That's right." I knew this was going to come up, so I was ready for it.
"You have any kids already?"
"No, sir."
"You didn't want 'em?"
"No, I want kids. My ex-wife does too. But Aimee and I both realized pretty quickly that we weren't right for each other. We tried to make it work for a while, but I think we both knew we were going to split up eventually. Neither of us wanted to make it more complicated."
"Then you should never have gotten married. That was dumb."
He was clearly trying to provoke me, but I still wanted to make a good impression.
"I suppose we got engaged too soon; that was a mistake. But neither of us was willing to admit it, and it was just easier to go through with it than to try and call it off. Molly was smart enough to dodge that bullet with Bryan." That last comment may have been a little snarkier than was strictly necessary.
"Hmph," he snorted, "You think you're better for Molly than Bryan?"
"I don't know," I admitted. "I never met the guy. But that's kind of up to Molly, isn't it?"
I managed to score a point with that one. Mr. Williams didn't have an immediate response and leaned back in his chair to consider his next line of questioning. Nonetheless I was irritated. The man was being deliberately insulting and confrontational.
He probably blamed me for Molly breaking up with Bryan and wanted to take that frustration out on me. That might be a reason, but it was no excuse.
Molly and her mother must have finished with the dishes. They came out and sat with us in the living room. Molly sat next to me on the sofa and her father's expression hardened.
"Young man," he began again, leaning forward in his chair, "it seems to me that you get a lot of second chances. And you wouldn't need 'em if you made better decisions the first time. You just don't strike me as very bright, no matter what all your fancy letters say."
"Dad, that's not fair," Molly defended me.
"No, it's alright Molly," I swallowed my anger. Even though I could feel it seething in my chest, no good would come from losing my temper. "I have been fortunate. But I'd like to think I've also learned from my mistakes."
"You think that's better than getting it right the first time?" he asked, giving the screws another turn.
Before I could answer, Mrs. Williams decided it was her turn to have a go at me. "What do your parents think of all this?"
"Oh, uh, my folks passed away about three years ago, ma'am," I told her. That even seemed to soften her husband a bit.
"I'm sorry to hear that," Mrs. Williams consoled. Molly put her hand on mine. "How did it happen?"
"Car accident. They were driving home from DC up the parkway late one night," I explained. "The police think Dad swerved to avoid a deer. The car went down an embankment and hit a tree. They both died instantly.
"Mom always said that car was a death trap," I added with a wry smile. "In the end she was right."
"What kind of car did your old man drive?" Mr. Williams asked. He seemed genuinely curious and a bit less confrontational. Molly hadn't said her dad was a car guy, but maybe this was my way in.
"Dad had this huge '75 Buick Electra coupe with the 7.5 liter V8. It was the only car he ever owned," I recalled. "He loved that car like it was one of his kids—spent every weekend tinkering on it... Dad used to say modern cars had no soul—that they were just corporate packaging designed to sell bells and whistles. And God, he hated minivans.
"Dad would put five of us across the back seat, and the three little ones between him and Mom up front and drive around the neighborhood after church every Sunday just as proud as he could be. As long as we all fit and he could keep it running, Dad said it was all we ever needed.
"In hindsight, I guess airbags would have been nice," I mused.
"I guess those kind of bad decisions just run in your family then," Mr. Williams observed with a sneer, and I saw red.
"Dad, what the Hell?!" Molly gasped.
Pick my life and my choices to pieces but leave my parents out of it. I was on my feet in the space of a heart-beat, and bad idea or not, I let my temper fly.
"Oh, fuck you!" I spat down at him, "I'm not the one stuck in the backwater town that got flushed down the toilet, ok? People trust my decisions with multi-million dollar projects. They pay me a six figure salary with profit sharing and performance bonuses because of my 'fancy letters'.
"I am not some seventeen-year-old punk who got careless with your daughter in the backseat of his car, and I'm done being treated like one. I can take care of Molly and our daughter a damn sight better than you, and I think you fucking know it!"
He stood up, unfolding himself slowly from his armchair, and towered over me again, his face flushed, his jaw set. For a second, I thought he was going to take a swing at me, and I wanted him to. I wanted an excuse to knock the bastard on his ass.
Mr. Williams glared at me for a moment or two and I stared right back unblinking, lip curled, fists clenched.
"I won't be spoken to in that tone of voice in my own home," he finally declared through gritted teeth.
"Fine." I turned towards the door. If he wanted to take this outside, I was happy to oblige.
Grabbing my coat and shoes, I left without looking back. He didn't follow though, and I found myself alone out on the front stoop. I could hear raised voices inside, but I couldn't make out what they were saying. These old houses were built solid.
As I sat on the bottom step tying my shoe and trying to decide on my next move, I heard the door open behind me and turned to see Mrs. Williams. She came down the steps and sat next to me.
"Molly gets her stubbornness from her father, you know," she told me quietly.
"Is that so?" I was beyond caring and went back to my shoe laces.
"If you can stand up to him, I suppose you'll be able to stand up to Molly. She needs that—someone to tell her 'no' from time to time."
"Wait... Is that what all this is about? Was this all some sort of sick test?" I asked, feeling my temper start to flare again.
"Oh, it wasn't so much a test as it was... inevitable, I suppose," she replied. "We're not happy about this situation."
"No kidding?" I snarked, standing. "Hadn't noticed. I'm going to walk over to that bar on Main Street and see what it takes to get a cab to the airport. Tell Molly I'll call her. Goodbye, Mrs. Williams."
"Chris, wait."
I almost kept walking. Molly and her dad were still yelling at each other inside. I didn't want any part of it, but these people were going to be my daughter's grandparents whether I liked it or not. So I stopped.
"Sit down, won't you? ...Please?" She patted the cold concrete step I had just vacated. I sat, reluctantly, elbows on my knees, looking straight ahead.
"When Molly was growing up, her more charitable teachers called her a 'free spirit'. But most of them called her 'flighty' and 'irresponsible'... That's probably our fault," she sighed. "Earl and I never wanted to be as strict as our own parents, and we probably indulged Molly more than we should have.
"But then Bryan came along, and he kept her grounded—gave her focus and direction that she hadn't had."
"...And that's why everyone loves Bryan," I concluded.
"He was good for her. She grew up so much with Bryan and became so mature and so responsible. It's hard, Chris, watching your child slide back into bad habits you thought she'd outgrown... When she came home, I guess we all sort of fell back into old habits. We overindulge her, and she let's us.
"We've tried to be more strict with her ever since she told us about the baby. But it's not going well. There's too much history. The old patterns are just too ingrained. Molly needs someone new to keep her head out of the clouds," she concluded.
"Did you figure pissing me off was the best way to find out if I'm that guy?"
"No, like I said, we didn't plan it, it just sort of happened that way... It wasn't fair to you, and it wasn't kind of us, but it's what happened... For what it's worth, I'm sorry.
"Molly tells us you're going to have a daughter of your own. God willing, someday there will be a young man sitting across from you in your own front room. When that day comes, I think you'll understand, and I hope you can forgive us."
I wasn't quite sure how to respond, so I didn't.
Behind us, the door opened again, and when we looked back, Molly was standing there bundled in her barn coat with a scowl on her face. Mrs. Williams stood and turned to go back inside saying "I'll leave you two be," and Molly took her place on the stoop next to me.
"Well, that kinda sucked," she griped. "I'm sorry, Chris. I had no idea they were going to ambush you the way they did." She took my hand in hers and laid her head on my shoulder. "But did you have to get in his face like that?"
"Yeah, I really blew it, didn't I?"
"It's not your fault, but it makes things harder, that's for sure." She leaned into me against the cold and I put my arm around her shoulder.
"So what happens now?" I asked her. "I'm not feeling particularly welcome here anymore. I should probably cut the weekend short and head home."
"I wish you wouldn't, but yeah. That's probably for the best."
"I'm sorry."
"I know."
We sat together in silence for a while looking out at that dark and desolate street until she started to shiver.
"Guess I should probably get going if I'm going. What are the chances of getting a cab to the airport?"
"About zero. The cab companies don't come out this far. Try Uber though. You might get lucky. Want me to get your bag?"
"I hate to ask, but I probably shouldn't go back inside."
"It's not a problem," Molly assured me walking back up the front steps. She was back with my bag a minute later.
"This is weird," I told her, my brow furrowed in confusion as I looked down at my phone. "Uber says my ride is here already."
"I know," she replied, holding up her own phone. "Hi, I'm Molly. Are you Chris?"
When I looked more closely at my phone, sure enough, there was her photo. "When did you start driving for Uber?" I laughed.
"Couple weeks ago. It hasn't really worked out. I have to drive my mom twenty minutes to and from work every day so I can use her car. And other than a few drunks, you're my first real fare."
"Are you sure you want to drive me all the way back to Columbus? You've been in the car all day already."
"I figured you might want to get a hotel room tonight," she suggested. "And... I thought maybe I could stay over with you," she added, swaying innocently from side to side.
"Well I'm not going to turn that down," I grinned and followed her to the car. "I'm not sure I like the idea of you driving drunk strangers around late at night though."
"Oh God," she moaned climbing into the driver's seat. "You and my father both.That'swhat you should have talked with him about."
"Now you tell me."
At the end of her street we passed the burned-out husk of a home that had once been identical to every other on the block. Remnants of tattered yellow Caution tape flapped in the February wind, clinging to trees and unkempt bushes.
"What happened there?" I asked as we turned the corner.
"The Killians' place? A couple years back, Mr. Killian got desperate and tried to torch it for the insurance money. They say he went to prison for arson and fraud."
"God... That's terrible."
She didn't say as much, but I assumed the town didn't have the money to demolish the remnants.
"Look, I hate to sound like one of those east-coast assholes who puts down the midwest, but Endicottreallysucks."
"...I know," she admitted quietly. "That's why I left."
"Do you really want Amber to grow up here?"
"Mm," she winced, "I knew an Amber in college. Total skank... But no. No, I don't."
"What if I found a job in Columbus? Project management is in-demand, I'm sure I could find something. I could rent us a place, and if things don't work out for us, you'd only be two hours from your parents."
"Chris... That's tempting, but no, I have to get out on my own. It's hard to explain, but--"
"How 'bout this," I interrupted. "I move out to Columbus, and Ihireyou. You can paint murals on the walls, or design my business cards or something in exchange for room and board. You'd be earning your own way and you could still job hunt or drive for Uber or whatever."
"You're just trying to rationalize the same thing."
"Hell yes, I'm trying to rationalize it," I snapped. "I want you both out of this town. I don't understand why you're being so resistant. I'm giving you the perfect opportunity here."
"Because you'regivingit to me, alright!?" she shouted. "I have to earn it. Me. On my own. I'm the one who screwed up. I'm the one who got out and then threw everything away chasing a fantasy and ended up right back where I started... This is my penance, Chris. Can you understand that? I have to pay my own penance."
After having my parents dragged through the mud by her father, it kind of pissed me off that she'd try to play to my catholic upbringing.
"You want to dress it up as some sort of pseudo-sacrament?" I chided. "Fine. Our daughter is innocent of your sins. Does she have to pay a penance too? Does she have to grow up in that shit hole just so you can redeem yourself?"
"Fuck you! It's got nothing to do with religion or sin or any of that shit. I just thought that was a way of explaining that you might understand, ok? And just where the Hell do you get off calling my hometown a 'shit hole'?"
"Oh, please! You know it is. You're the one who wants to get out so fucking bad, but you're too damn stubborn to take the best opportunity you're going to get."
"You're the best opportunity I'm going to get?" she groused.
"I think we both know I am. What, are you going to go back to Bryan? Seems to me you burned that bridge."
"Well thank you so fucking much for having so much fucking faith in me! Thank God I have you to tell me when I'm fucking up, because my parentsneverdo that!" her voice dripped with sarcasm. "Be sure to text Angie. She'll want to be the first to know what a fuck-up your baby-momma is."
"You really want to bring families into this? Is that what we're doing? After that freaky dinner-for-the-deaf shit your mom pulled?"
"I don't give a shit about your family, or who's fucking good side or bad side I'm supposed to stay on. I care about you announcingmybusiness to peopleI don't knowlike they have some sort of fucking right!"
"Hey, you made itourbusiness whenyou called me, remember? If this was so deeply fucking personal you shouldn't have asked for my help in the first place."
"Oh, get the fuck over yourself! I thought you might want to meet the kid someday. I never asked for your help and I don't need your help. What I need is to prove that I can to do thison my own. Why is that so fucking hard to understand?"
"No, youneedto do what's best for our daughter. You justwantto do it by yourself. And it all has to be about whatyouwant, doesn't it? It doesn't matter what anybody else wants, not if it means swallowing your damn pride. You know, if you even gave a damn about our--" No.
No, don't go there. There's no coming back from that.
"About what?" she goaded me. In the light of the dashboard I could see the tears rolling down her cheeks.
"...Nevermind. I just don't understand, and it's frustrating," I conceded, hoping to end the argument before she pressed me further. It only took one fight with Bryan that got out of hand to end that relationship. I have more at stake than he did. I wasn't ready to lose her yet.
Molly seemed willing to let it drop. I sat and fumed in the passenger seat while she glared straight ahead and put her foot down, obviously in a hurry to get where we were going.
As we drove on in silence, I made the decision to start job hunting as soon as I got home. I'd find a job in Columbus and rent a place with or without her blessing. Once there was an actual alternative to her parent's house in Endicott, I hoped Molly might be more open to the idea of living there.
And if not, well I'd hopefully have some kind of visitation rights and our daughter could spend at least a little time growing up in an environment that wasn't so downtrodden.
Maybe Will was right. Maybe I ought to find a lawyer in Columbus too.
The miles rolled by slowly but we were eventually back on the interstate. We passed a green sign that announced the Columbus city limits, and a blue one that told us there was lodging at the next exit. Molly pulled on to the exit ramp and turned into the first motel parking lot.
"Are you going to drive back tonight? Or do you want me to get you a room?" I asked, breaking more than an hour of silence.
"I thought I was staying with you tonight," she replied in flat tone and in the harsh, blueish shadows of the parking lot's mercury vapor lamps, I couldn't really read her expression. It might have been anger and it might have been confusion and it might have been frustration.
"Uh, ok..." I really didn't want to start another argument. "I'll get us checked in and be right back."
After a quick exchange with the desk clerk, we pulled around to the back of the building and parked outside of our room. As I flipped on the light switch, she tossed her coat on the bureau. I set my bag on the nearer bed and as I turned towards the bathroom, Molly was on suddenly on me.
Her lips smashed against mine and her fingers tangled in my hair and those tits she was so happy with squashed against my chest. Startled, I recoiled, but she wouldn't let me out of her grasp.
"What do you think you're doing?" I managed to mumble around her lips.
"Nobody has to apologise," she breathed with her lips still brushing against my face as she struggled with my jacket. "We both said things we didn't mean. If you're gonna dump me, do it tomorrow. I've been waiting too long for tonight."
I didn't know how to feel about this. I was still irritated and wasn't really in the mood. Although as she pushed my jacket off my arms and moved her hands around to my belt buckle, my cock began to swell regardless of my mood.
And I have to admit that after sharing fantasies on the phone for the last two months, I had been hoping for some private time with her.
So I gave up and I kissed her back and I ran my fingers through her hair as she opened my fly and pushed my chinos and boxers down over my hips. As my semi-hard cock swung free, Molly took a step back and she pulled her sweater and T-shirt over her head and dropped to her knees in front of me with a wicked kind of a grin.
Caressing my sack in her fingers, she engulfed me in her mouth and sucked my growing erection to full vitality. For good measure, she stroked my shaft and teased me with her tongue. With my pants around my knees I closed my eyes and enjoyed her efforts.
Molly wasn't about to finish me off like that though. Looking me in the eye, she stood and pushed me backwards to sit on the edge of the bed. She reached behind her back to unhook her bra.
"Take off your pants," she commanded in a tone that broached no argument.
I pulled off my sneakers as she freed her breasts, and oh yeah, they were plump and full and round in a way they hadn't been before. She caught me staring and with a smile, pushed my face into her ample cleavage. I held her to me and ran my hands along her bare back as I nuzzled and kissed and nibbled at her delicate, pale flesh. She held my head to her chest and moaned.
"Mmmm, God Chris, you have no idea what all these hormones are doing to me."
"Yeah, you said that when we got off together on the phone two nights ago," I murmured in reply, as I suckled a firm nipple between my lips.
"It's not the same," she sighed. "I need your hands on my skin, your lips, your cock..."
She stepped back and hooked her thumbs under the elastic waist of her skirt and pushed it down along with the leggings she wore underneath.
That lean, weathered body that came off the Trail was gone and in its place Molly was all soft curves and glowing skin. The gentle arc of her bump was obvious now. She stood naked in front of me and had a sudden moment of self-consciousness. One hand caressed the swell of her belly and she held her lower lip in her teeth looking at me with demur apprehension.
"Damn, you're sexy," I assured her. She blushed as I pulled her close. "My big brother always said his wife was hot when she was pregnant. I never got that until right now."
She kissed me again and nudged me up the bed. As I scooted backwards, she prowled after me on all fours like a panther, heavy breasts swaying beneath her, until she was straddling my hips. As I reclined back against the headboard, Molly nestled my throbbing shaft between her thighs. With a sensuous groan she slowly impaled herself to the root of my cock.
"Mmmm, God, has it really been five months since I had you inside me?" she whispered pressing her forehead to mine with her hand on my shoulders.
"A little longer," I replied, cradling her ass in my hands. She gasped as I flexed my hips and fucked her with tiny, gyrating twists.
"Fuuck that's good... We should have... should have done it in Atlanta."
She was riding me now with long, slow strokes. My hands roamed over her body, caressing her back, her ribs, her belly, her tits. She'd squirm and gasp and pick up the pace every time I ran a finger across her swollen clit or grazed a firm nipple.
Soon her fingers were entwined in mine, bracing her exertion, and Molly was driving herself down on my erection fervently. The way her hair and her tits bounced with every stroke was sensually hypnotic and her face strained in an expression of desperate passion.
I throbbed inside her velvety-slick heat and yearned for nothing more than to watch her reach the heights of ecstasy. But it wasn't to be.
"Shit... Chris, I... I can't... I can't..." she panted, collapsing forward on to my chest. Her skin was sheened in sweat and I felt her heart pounding against mine.
"It's alright," I reassured her, brushing a damp lock of hair from her face. "I got this."
She rolled off of me with a kiss, and I expected to climb on top of her, but instead she pulled herself up to her knees clutching the headboard and pressed her ass back towards me.
"Give it to me, Chris," she gasped, still trying to catch her breath.
My cock glistened with her juices and I took myself in hand and sank back into her with a groan of satisfaction. Grasping her hips, I refocused all the anger and frustration I had bottled up that night and I pummeled her with a frantic desire for release.
With every thrust Molly pressed back into me with an animalistic cry, rising in pitch and volume.
"OH!... Yes!... Uhn!... Uhn!... Just like that!... AH!... Fuck me... Please... just fuck me!... Oh... Oh... Ungh!... Ungh!... Ah..."
The headboard smacked against the wall, bang, bang, bang. What the neighbors must think.
Smiling at the idea, I happened to glance towards the motel room door and suddenly realized that we hadn't closed the drapes when we came in.
"Shit! The window!" I exclaimed, without breaking my stride.
We were reflected in the plate glass, both of us naked on our knees, her ass thumping against my groin. Molly clung to the headboard for support, her arms outstretched and her head hung low with the effort of maintaining our frantic pace. Her pendant breasts and swollen belly surged in time to our driving tempo.
"Fuck it!" Molly gasped in response. "Don't you dare fucking stop! Make me fucking cum, Chris... God, I wanna cum so fucking bad..."
It was nice to know that bit of an exhibitionist streak she'd had up on the Trail wasn't an isolated incident. I guess an artist's ego likes to have an audience.
Molly sacrificed half her leverage and reached down between her legs to fondle my balls in her hand. "Oh my fucking God..." She moaned in delight as her eager clit rubbed against her wrist.
I could feel the first early convulsions of her orgasm starting. Keeping up the rhythm as best I could, I moved my hands up along her ribs to cup her tits and roll her pert nipples between my fingers.
"I'm gonna cum... Oh, God I'm gonna cum for you, Chris..."
"Yes! Cum for me, Molly... God, I wanna feel you cum in my arms."
"Chris! Chris, oh shit... I'm..." she trailed off in a delirious wail of rapture as her hips bucked uncontrollably and she lost her grip on the headboard and collapsed face down on the pillows, her hand working greedily at her clit.
With her trembling ass still up, I grabbed her waist and churned myself into her wracked body with renewed fervor until I finally succumbed myself. With a groan of release, I clung to her hips and held her ass tight against my hips as I exploded deep inside her.
As we both came down, panting, she slipped from my hands and rolled onto her side. Her face and heaving chest were flushed and she looked up at me with an enervated and satiated smile.
"Yeah... We should have... done it in Atlanta," I wheezed. She laughed and pulled at the bedspread as I crawled off the bed and crossed to the open window.
"Show's over folks," I announced to my reflection while pulling the drapes closed. "No encores."
***
"Chris! Chris, wake up!" Molly jostled me out of a very sound sleep.
"What!? What's wrong?" I woke with a start and tried to force the world into focus.
"Nothing's wrong," she soothed me, taking my hand in hers. "The baby is kicking... Here, you have to feel this."
Molly placed my hand on her bare stomach and held it there. The first thing I was immediately aware of was the warmth of her body. But then a moment later I felt her skin distend slightly as the child we'd inadvertently made together shifted and squirmed inside of her.
I could see Molly smiling at me in the darkness. I'd seen her smile before, but this was different. This wasn't simply an expression of momentary happiness, it was excitement and anticipation and it was joy.
Ducking beneath the covers, I laid my face against Molly's midriff and felt my daughter pressing out against my cheek.
"Hello, little one," I spoke to her softly. "Did we bounce you around a bit too much earlier?"
Molly laughed.
"I'm sorry, but you'll have to get used to it. When your mommy is in the mood, she just can't keep her hands off of me."
"Hey! Don't tell her that!" Molly objected mirthfully. She tried to pull me back up to her, but I resisted, pushing her hands away.
"What's that, little one?" I asked, pressing my ear to Molly's side. "Oh ok, I'll tell her."
"What did she say?" she asked with an incredulous smirk as I emerged from under the sheets and settled in next to her again.
"She says SNL was way better in the 70s, and she wants us to name her Gilda."
Molly's eyes went wide with mock indignation as she stifled a laugh. She held up the covers to address her naked belly. "You'd better watch it young lady, or I'll name you Eadie Murphy! You just see if I don't."
"Aww... you ruined it," I lamented, when I finally stopped laughing, "I could have gone with either Eadie or Murphy, but now I'm just going to think of Eddie's laugh every time I hear either of them."
"Julia Louis?" she suggested.
"Yeah, that could work," I considered. "Except for the rule against naming her after a living person."
"Dammit."
After a few more names failed to take hold, we eventually fell back to sleep, all four of our hands cradling the new life growing within her.
***
When I woke up Saturday morning, I rolled over and found the bed empty. I sat up and quickly assessed that Molly was gone. Dammit, she did it again! There must be a reason why Molly keeps walking out on me while I'm sleeping. I haven't figured it out yet, but I will.
{Now you're just doing it on purpose} I texted to her with the most annoyed looking emoji I could find.
I took a shower when I got tired of waiting for a reply, and when I got out, her response was on my phone.
{Sorry! I don't usually get rush hour fares. 3 already!}
Last night's argument had sort of been brushed away without really resolving anything. I was irritated with her for leaving without a word again, but I was also hopeful that making some money in Columbus this morning might convince her that it made sense to move here with me. So I decided to be supportive.
{Good for you!} I told her with a thumbs up emoji.
I'd planned to catch a flight home today instead of waiting until Sunday, but now I was thinking it might be good to spend a day getting to know the city I was planning to move to. I wrestled with whether or not to tell Molly. On the one hand it would have been nice to spend the day (and another night) with her. On the other hand, I didn't want to risk restarting that argument.
In the end I decided to avoid a conflict and hoped Molly would spend the day discovering for herself just how much better her prospects were in Columbus.
{Found an earlier flight home} I lied.{You keep working. I'll make my own way to the airport.}
***
Something maternal had awoken in Molly after my visit. I'm just guessing, but I think feeling the baby kick had finally made the concept of parenthood real for her. She stopped talking about the PCT or the Tour du Mont Blanc or the Routeburn Track and developed an interest in Lamaze and midwives and epidurals.
It didn't take long for Molly to decide she wanted to have the baby at home. Her parents though were not enthusiastic about the "hippie-dippy" idea. I'm not proud of it, but I saw the conflict as an opportunity to convince Molly to move out and I encouraged her to stand her ground. After all, my sister Teresa had both of her kids at home, and that all worked out well.
Molly sent me articles on water births and swaddling, and we'd talk about what kind of music to play for the baby in utero or the difference between midwives and doulas. And there was always a back and forth about names.
Molly tried for a while to get up to Columbus every day to drive, but it didn't really work out. The four-hour round trip commute was expensive and exhausting and it put an extra burden on her parents trying to get her mom to and from work. She had pretty much decided to give up on the Uber gig when she caught a break.
"It's just a simple tri-fold brochure for a non-profit in Denver," she explained on the phone. "It's only gonna take me a few hours, and I had to lowball my rates on Upwork to compete with the designers in Asia, but the client puts out new brochures several times a year and if they like this one, I might get steady work. And get this—they do trade shows! Oh, if I could design a new trade show booth..."
"That's great news! Does this mean you're getting back into freelancing?"
"Trying to keep my hand in at least. My mom and dad think it's too unpredictable and want me to keep looking for a 'real job'. I'm really scraping the bottom of the barrel now, but it's a my-house-my-rules kind of thing."
"Y'know, you don't have to live in their--"
"Don't start again, Chris!" she cut me off.
"...Alright, I'm sorry. I'm happy you're making money at something you enjoy. One way or another, you've got this... on your own," I capitulated, knowing I had a phone interview with Ohio State University the next morning. I wanted to tell her, but I didn't want to start a fight, so I didn't.
***
"What, like a professor?" Will asked with a strained expression that showed just how hard he was trying to keep his opinion to himself.
"No, still Project Management, with OSU Facilities. Construction and maintenance projects mostly."
I'd invited Will out to lunch at our favorite crab house to break the news after they made me an offer. Late March was still too early for fresh local crabs, but I wasn't going to be around when they came back into season.
"So you're gonna take the job?"
"Yeah, I think I have to. I put in my two-weeks' notice yesterday."
"Is it more money, at least?"
"No, a lot less. The cost of living is lower out there though, and they offer tuition assistance for dependents, which is nice... but even so I'm going to take a hit."
"Well, I'm gonna miss you, man. But if this is what you think you have to do..." He trailed off shaking his head.
"For my kid, Will. I gotta do it for my daughter."
"Yeah, I get that. I'd do the same thing for Kevin. But..." Will was clearly conflicted. He had something on his mind, but he didn't want to say it. "...ah, nevermind."
"No, tell me. But what?" I prompted.
He stalled, taking another swallow of his beer, then sighed and without looking me in the eye he asked "Are you sure Danger Girl is really into you? 'Cause it kind of sounds to me like she's just stringing you along as her back-up plan if she can't do any better."
That hurt.
"I mean, don't get me wrong," Will continued, obliviously, "you're great and all. But are you the kind of guy she goes for? Like, are you even her type? This Bryan guy, she broke up with—what was he like?"
I'd never asked Molly about Bryan. It seemed like a sore subject, and honestly, the less I knew about him the easier it was to dismiss him.
"See, we know he was a big outdoorsman—through-hiking the Appalachian Trail with her and all. Maybe he's like a hunter or one of those extreme adventure guys. Like, one of those guys who drives a Jeep with the oversized tires and that snorkel thing. If that's the kinda guy Danger Girl is into, is she ever really gonna be happy with a city boy who's lucky to get outdoors twice a year?"
As much as it hurt to hear it, Will made a lot of sense.
I'd always assumed that Molly was attracted to me—at least a little. But thinking about it now, when we'd hooked up, I'd simply been convenient. Would she have ever called me again if she hadn't gotten pregnant? I had sort of used the pregnancy to leverage her into a relationship that maybe she didn't want. Would we have hit it off if we'd met under different circumstances? Would we have ever matched on a dating app?
I know Will meant well, but he'd sort of turned my world upside down. What if Molly felt like she was just stuck with me?
It was a lot to think about, and it made focusing on my work that afternoon difficult.
Transferring my projects to my co-workers was going to be a big job, and two weeks was not a lot of time to do it. Stopping every few minutes to wonder if I was making a huge mistake wasn't helping.
Then around mid-afternoon, just as I was thinking a run to the coffee shop might be in order, Molly called. I really wasn't in any mood to talk to her at that moment, but then I felt guilty about that, so after letting the phone ring a little too long, I finally picked up the call.
"Hey," I answered brightly, trying to hide any trepidation.
"...Chris?" she said with that catch that usually meant she had been crying or was trying not to.
"Yeah, is everything ok?"
"I... I can't stay here... I have to get out, Chris... I can't stay here!" she broke down sobbing. It was distressing to hear the panic in her voice.
"Hey, hey it's alright, Molly. It's all going to be ok," I tried to soothe her. "Take a deep breath and tell me what happened."
"I got a..." she stuttered to sniff back her tears, "a job interview at the dollar store down the street... I could walk if I have to, so I wouldn't even need my mom's car... I was really excited about it, too.
"But the manager who interviewed me... Chris, she was a girl I went to high school with. She's been working at the same place since she was sixteen and she's never been farther from home than Cleveland, and she's stuck here with four kids and she'll never do anything else and I can't let that happen to me, Chris, I can't, I just can't." She was starting to sound panicked again.
"It's alright, Molly. It's ok. I'll tell you what, I'll fly out to Columbus this weekend, and we can start looking for an apartment or--"
"No!" she cut me off. "I can't wait that long. I... I'm at the bus station. I have enough for a ticket to Baltimore. Can I... Chris, can I come stay with you? Please?"
"Uh--"
Why was this hard? This shouldn't be hard. This should be the easiest 'Yes' of my life. But all my plans had been about starting a new life in Ohio; one specifically built around Molly and our daughter. Trying to shoehorn the two of them into the life I had here—that was very different and I didn't know how to do it.
And if things went badly, what was my Plan B? In Columbus, Molly had her parents close by. If we split up, I could come back to Baltimore. If she moved here, I had no escape route. I was a little startled to realize that I wanted an escape route.
On top of all that, Will had gotten into my head. I couldn't shake the feeling that maybe—just maybe—Molly was using me.
"Uh," I said again when the pause had gotten awkwardly long.
"Yes!" I finally managed to blurt. "Yes, of course you can. I'm... I'm sorry, that just came out of the blue and it took me a second to process."
"No, I'm sorry I have to ask. I kinda... ran away from home, and if I have to turn around and go back... I don't know what I'd do," she sniffled. "Thank you."
"I'm happy to do it," I assured her. "Look, let me get you a plane ticket, ok? That's gonna be a long bus ride."
"No, Chris. Thank you, but... I can do this much by myself. I have to do this much by myself."
"Alright," I relented. "Alright, let me know what time your bus will get in and I'll meet you at the station, ok?"
"I will. Thank you. I'll see you soon."
"Ok, see you soon."
After tapping off the call, I sat for a while and collected my thoughts, then went up to the Human Resources office to find out what was involved in—what? Unresigning? Deresigning? Irresigning? You know it's going to be complicated if they don't even have a word for it. It's a good thing they like me up there, because I created quite a few headaches.
After that, I took the rest of the day off and went home to try and make the place presentable.
***
I'd never been to the new downtown bus station on Haines Street. The neighborhood didn't seem much nicer than the old station off O'Donnell Street, but at three o'clock in the morning, it was tough to judge. Molly's bus got in at 3:20.
She shuffled through the arrivals door with the other disembarking passengers, her trail pack slung over one shoulder. Her eyes were red and puffy, and more than just tired she looked sodefeated.
Molly set down her pack and tried to smile as I took her in my arms, but she couldn't quite manage it. As I held her close, she cried on my shoulder and muttered "I'm so sorry. I never wanted to be a burden. I'll pay you whatever I can."
"You're not a burden," I assured her after kissing the top of her head. "C'mon, let's get you to bed. You'll feel better in the morning."
"Ok," she agreed, and actually managed a small smile.
I picked up her pack, and taking her hand, led her out to the parking lot.
"Was Jennifer well behaved on the trip?" I asked, trying out yet another name.
"'Jennifer' is too common," Molly shook her head, cradling her stomach. "There are Jennifers everywhere. But yeah, Bethany got a little restless when we changed busses in Pittsburgh, but otherwise she slept the whole way."
"I went to my first middle school dance with a 'Bethany'," I winced and gestured towards my car. "This is me."
"You drive a Subaru?" she asked as I tossed her pack in the back seat.
"Yeah, why?"
"My dad has you pegged as a Mercedes guy," Molly smirked, climbing into the passenger seat and fastening her seat belt. "I earn a six-figure salary!" she mocked in a false baritone. "I get bonuses and profit sharing!"
"Oh, God," I groaned in embarrassment, recalling my tirade in her parent's living room, "I'm never going to live that down, am I?"
"Doubt it," she smiled, and it was good to see her mood improving. "They're pretty pissed at you again... I may have implied that you convinced me to leave."
"Well, what else is new?" I groused. Molly's relationship with her parents was clearly complicated. I'd have to figure it out eventually, but not tonight.
Fifteen minutes later we pulled up in front of my row house.
"This is what passes for waterfront property in Baltimore?" she asked, looking from the cluttered facade of wooden decks and sliding glass doors out to the brackish expanse of the Back River across the street.
"Technically, we're in Essex. Why? Did I oversell it?"
"I dunno," she yawned. "I guess I pictured something a little less... urban."
"Oh, just wait 'til the sun comes up." My street got a lot more urban once you could see the hodge podge of colors and finishes and creative remodeling that had accumulated since the neighborhood was built in the 70s. I carried her pack up the front stoop and opened the door onto the living room where I'd purposely left the lights on.
"Let me guess," Molly observed looking around. "You got the house, but your ex-wife got everything in it?"
It wasn't the first time since I'd moved in that I'd been accused of living like a broke college student. But still. "Ouch! You get snarky when you're tired, y'know that? You can give me decorating advice in the morning. Now it's bedtime."
She opted to forego any usual nighttime rituals and simply stripped to her underwear before letting me tuck her into my bed.
"Alright, I'm going to crash on the couch tonight. Do you need anything else?"
"Mmm, don't be stupid, Chris. Get into bed," she instructed drowsily.
"You sure that's a precedent you want to set?"
"Your chivalry is duly noted, Galahad," she yawned. "Now turn off the lights and come to bed."
So I crawled into bed next to her and she spooned up against me and within minutes I was asleep.
The alarm went off the next morning and I groggily slapped at the snooze button. Nine minutes later, it went off again, and I dragged myself out of bed to bathroom. Yeah, it took me a minute. When I turned back to confirm my suspicion, sure enough the bed was empty and Molly was gone.
I staggered down the stairs in my boxers stopping on the landing above the living room. She was there sitting sideways on the sofa with a mug of coffee and her laptop.Good Morning Americawas on the TV with the volume turned down low.
"Hey, you," she smiled brightly up at me.
"Oh God, you're one ofthem," I moaned, scratching my disheveled head.
"One of who?"
"You're a... morning person," I grumbled and turned back up the stairs. My brain was still in first gear, but that was sufficient explanation for all the times she'd left me to wake up alone.
"...Is that a deal breaker?" she called after me.
"Meh," was the best response I could muster until I came back downstairs twenty minutes later, showered, shaved, and dressed. She was waiting at the bottom of the stairs with a fresh mug of coffee.
"I couldn't find any creamer or sugar. I'm guessing you take it black."
"Yeah, black is fine," I confirmed taking a sip. "Mmm! This is really good. Is thismycoffee?"
"Unless you have a roommate you forgot to mention, it is."
"Alright, well, Ms. Morning Person, you are officially on permanent coffee duty. I need to head to work. Will you be ok here on your own?"
She looked at me with a beleaguered expression. "Who ya talkin' to, Chris?"
"Right. What was I thinking?" After three months alone on the Appalachian Trail, I don't think anyone was more ok to be on their own.
"If you need anything, pretty much everything is in walking distance up on Essex Boulevard, about two blocks that way," I pointed.
"Nah, I have plenty to do here," she said, gesturing to her laptop. "I need to find a new doctor, update all my job site accounts, and set up some new searches. "
"I see you found the wi-fi password ok."
"You mean the post-it note on the modem, by the TV? Yeah. After that, Charlotte and I should unpack and do some laundry... No, nevermind, I don't like 'Charlotte' now that I say it out loud. Oh, have you got a washer and dryer?"
"Down in the basement. Empty hangers might be hard to come by, but feel free to reorganize the closet and the dresser and free up as much space as you need."
"Do you need me to run a load for you, too?" she offered.
"I, um... I kinda tossed all my laundry in the spare bedroom yesterday," I confessed. "Please don't look in there yet. It's... not flattering."
"Alright," she agreed with a grin. "Once you get it sorted, I'll run it for you."
I finished my coffee and set my mug in the sink. "Ok, I have to run. Text me if you need anything."
"I will. Have a good day. And Chris..." She kissed me on my way out the door. She took my face in her hands and her lips expressed the depth of her appreciation in a way that made me forget I'd had less than four hours of sleep. "...Thank you."
And just like that we were living together.
After pizza the first night, Chinese take-out the second, and wings the third, Molly finally herded me to the grocery store and she took over the kitchen as well as half my closet. We set up a nursery in the second bedroom and she painted a mural of the Assateague Island ponies on the long wall.
Molly applied for several graphic designer jobs, but nothing ever came of them. She had a couple of interviews, but she was now quite obviously in her third trimester. Who would bring on a new hire only to put her on maternity leave before she even got up to speed? At least she'd found a suitable rate on the design-for-hire websites she used. It was less than she used to charge, but she began to get more freelance work. And the Denver people asked her to do another tri-fold.
My sister gave me the name of her doula-slash-midwife and after meeting with her, Molly felt an immediate connection, so she signed us up for pre-birthing classes. She also found a yoga class at my gym and we went to work out together twice a week.
We sat out on the end of the community T-dock watching the sailboats with our toes dangling in the water.
I took Molly to an Orioles game where they caught us on the dance-cam swinging to the triple-time rhythm of"Rock this Town". She rolled her eyes when I explained why everyone sang"Thank God I'm a Country Boy"during the seventh-inning stretch, despite the fact that she could count six skyscrapers from our seats. The Braves won by two, but otherwise it was a great day.
I figured I'd have to wait until at least July, but her OB/GYN said it was ok, so I took her to my favorite crab house and introduced her to Chesapeake blue crabs and Old Bay. Lucky for me, her doctor was an Eastern Shore girl.
We'd watch Saturday Night Live together and she'd fall asleep on the sofa with her head in my lap before the first musical number.
***
One sunny Friday evening in April, I came home to find Molly in the middle of making dinner. She quickly wiped her eyes on a dish towel as I came in, but she couldn't hide the familiar catch in her voice when I asked what was wrong.
"It's stupid," she tried to dismiss it. "Just hormones."
"C'mon, tell me," I encouraged, turning her away from the counter.
"It's just... It was such a nice day out, I went and sat on the deck for a while, and I took my shoes off," she explained with a sigh.
"Ok."
"Then I came back in to start dinner... This is stupid. It's really nothing," she protested, trying to wiggle out of my grasp.
"C'mon, if there is anything here that makes you unhappy, I want to know. I don't know if I can do anything about it, but I want to be aware of it."
She sniffled and looked up at me. Another tear rolled down her cheek, but she forced herself to smile. "Chris, I'm literally barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen," she sobbed and laughed at the same time and buried her head in my shoulder.
"Ahh..." was about the only thing I could say while I held a little tighter. "Do... Do you want me to take care of dinner tonight?"
"No. No, it's stupid, I know." She pushed out of my hug and turned back to the meatloaf she'd started. "It's just hormones. I know that's... that's notreallymy life. I have a lot to be happy about."
"Good," I told her, hugging her from behind and kissing her cheek. "Because I'm happy having you here... Both of you." I added, caressing her belly.
But I noted she hadn't actually said that sheishappy, and I suddenly recalled Will's concern that maybe Molly was just settling for me—that she'd be happier with a guy more like Bryan. The realization left me disconcerted for the rest of the evening and it must have shown.
"You're quiet tonight," Molly observed after we'd finished the dishes together.
"Am I? Sorry, it's nothing."
"No, come on," she insisted, taking me by the hand and leading me to the sofa. "I told you my stupid thing."
Things were going really well with Molly. I was happy, even if I wasn't sure that she was. I didn't want to mess anything up bringing up her ex. But Bryan's ghost was likely to haunt me until I finally confronted him, and it wouldn't get any easier after our daughter arrived.
"It's just... Look, don't get mad, but recently I've been wondering a lot about... about Bryan."
"Why?" she glared. As I feared, invoking his name had triggered a visceral reaction.
"Well, clearly the guy did something right if you agreed to marry him. And then he screwed it all up. I just... I like what we've got here together. And I feel like I can probably learn something from his mistakes, but I know nothing about him."
"Alright," she sighed, softening a bit. "What do you want to know?"
"I dunno... How did you two meet?"
"Well... I was working at a Bass Pro Shop. Apparently, the manager was skimming off the top, and they hired a company to audit our books. Bryan was the guy they sent."
"Wait, he's an accountant?"
"Yep. A pretty good one too, I guess. And I was at a point in my life... I was like, four years out of college and my life had sort of stalled out, you know? I was living paycheck to paycheck and I really didn't have a plan or a goal or anything.
"Just about the time that I decided that I finally needed to get my shit together, this... organized... meticulous guy pops into my life. He was a year younger than me, but hehadhis shit together. That was very attractive to me at the time.
"We started dating and he showed me how to get organized. He helped me come up with a budget and a savings plan. He encouraged me to build a freelance business. He taught me how to network and he helped me with the billing and the books. I guess I really... God, that's galling, but I really do owe him," she reluctantly conceded, and was quiet for a long moment.
Alright, I could see why Molly's parents liked him.
"How'd he propose?" I asked to get her talking again. She gave me a suspicious, sidelong look but continued.
"We'd been together for a few years, and all along we had joked about through-hiking the Appalachian Trail. And the jokes sort of started to become ideas, and then he started playing around with itineraries in a spreadsheet. Eventually we had the whole trip completely planned. We'd saved enough money. He was able to take a leave of absence. I wasn't tied to a job, so we decided to do it.
"Bryan was the planner. He worked out the entire schedule, how much distance we'd cover each day, where we'd camp each night, the mail drops, the contingencies. He knew where we could refill our water and where we could dump our trash. He built in extra catch-up time in case we got behind schedule--"
"You mean slack time?"
"Exactly. But you asked how he proposed. Sorry. So, he was looking over the schedule for like the hundred-thousandth time one night, and he says 'The last day, when we finally get to Springer Mountain, we should do something to celebrate.' And I thought that was a good idea, and I said 'What, like a throw a party?' and he gets down on one knee and pulls out this ring box and says 'I was thinking maybe a wedding.'"
"Christ...That is smooth," I admitted. "I hope you're not expecting me to top that."
"I hope you're not planning to try," she smirked.
"What was the plan after that? If things hadn't gone to Hell I mean, what would you be doing right now?"
"Bryan was going to go back to his job. I was going to start freelancing again. Bryan's dad owns this lake house that we were going to move in to until we could find a place of our own. We would have taken our time and planned out a future. It would have been a long commute for Bryan, but we could have gone hiking and canoeing and cycling any time we wanted."
"Sounds nice."
"I guess it could have been."
"What went wrong? With Bryan I mean. How'd the fight get so out of hand?"
Molly got very quiet for a minute. I could see several emotions play across her face as she recalled the incident. Finally, she explained "I suppose, if I'm honest... it was really my fault. Bryan was very... deliberate," she chose the word carefully. "He had to have everything under control all the time, and it was kind of exhausting.
"I'd been living in his buttoned-down world for a long time, and while it had been good for me, I guess I was starting to chafe a little... So I tried to encourage him to be more spontaneous... To do something reckless and daring... It didn't go well and... well, you know the rest.
"We might have salvaged it if we'd been able to have some time apart, but there really wasn't any way to do that. I think I had a lot of stuff bottled up and it all came out in the worst possible way. I think I actually pushed his buttons on purpose just to provoke a reaction that he hadn't carefully crafted... In the end, I guess he couldn't handle all the chaos and drama."
"That's when he left?"
"That's when he gave up. I think he must have decided it was better to be in control of the break up than to lose control of the relationship."
I lay awake next to Molly a long time that night thinking about what she'd told me about her ex-fiancé and I realized that Will was dead wrong. Molly wasn't unhappy that I'm not enough like Bryan; she was worried I might be too much like him.
And now so was I.
***
"Hey Christy, what's up?" I answered my phone on the way home from birthing class in early May.
"Hi Christian, is Molly around?"
"Yeah, we're in the car. You're on speaker."
"Hello," Molly chimed in from the passenger seat.
"Hi Molly, this is Christian's big sister, Christine. You can call me Christy, everybody does."
"Ok," Molly replied. "It's nice to meet you."
"Listen hon, I know you probably don't know many people out here yet, so I'm getting the whole family together at my place on Mothers' Day weekend to throw you a baby shower. Won't that be fun?"
"Oh, um," Molly seemed taken aback. "Thank you, that's sweet. But it's really not necessary."
"Oh, it's no trouble. Grace is coming down from Philly, J.P. is coming up from Raleigh. I even found someone in Florida to hook Grandma up with Skype," Christy, gushed. "It'll be like Christmas in May, except all the presents will be for you, hon."
"Oh, wow..." Molly looked overwhelmed.
"We'll have some lunch brought in and then kick the boys out. The girls and I can teach you everything you need to know to a raise a little Novak. Hey, how do you feel about crab cakes, hon? Has Christian taken you for crabs yet?"
"I'm sitting right here, Christy. Of course I have."
"Crab cakes sound fine," Molly agreed quickly with a strained expression she was trying to keep out of her voice.
"Alright then, I know a caterer with the best crab cakes. So that's set. You two come on over around noon next Saturday, ok? Molly, you make sure Christian's not late. I'm counting on you."
"Ok," Molly agreed again. The look in her eyes was silently pleading for the call to end.
"This'll be so much fun!" Christy exclaimed. "Everyone is so excited to meet you."
"Hey Christy, we're about to go through the tunnel," I lied, "so we're gonna lose you in a second. We'll see you next Saturday, ok?"
"Alright, we'll see you then. Bye Christian. Bye Molly."
"Bye."
"What's wrong?" I asked Molly after I'd hung up the phone.
"It's just... I mean, I know I need to meet your family, but... I guess I didn't really expect to meet them all at once, you know?"
"We can cancel if you want."
"No. No, your sister's gone to so much trouble already. I just... Look, even though things are going really good right now, the story of how you and I got together isn't really one that I'm exactlyproudof, Ok? And now I have to meet a whole roomful of strangers who already know I'm the slut who screwed up your life. I just... I feel like I'm to blame for a family scandal."
"Scandal?" That was funny. "Please. Christy was seven months pregnant and she still wore a white maternity wedding dress to a full Mass. The only reason Grace didn't is because she eloped. Angie's youngest isclearlynot her ex-husband's kid."
"Whoa!" Molly interrupted. "What's the story there?"
"If you can drag that story out of Angie, you'll be the first. It's about the only thing she doesn't want to talk about. But besides the sex, J.P. came out of the closet in the middle of Mom and Dad's funeral service, because he's always been a drama queen. And little Mary dropped out of college and ran off to California to join some kind of yoga/vegan commune-but-it's-not-a-cult thing. Spoiler alert—it was totally a cult.
"So listen, you and I arenotthe worst scandal this family has endured. I mean, that's just immediate family. If you start counting aunts and uncles and cousins, you and I probably don't crack the top ten."
"My God, what sort of miscreants have I gotten myself mixed up with?" Molly laughed, obviously relieved—at least a little.
***
"Hey your brother and his wife dropped by this afternoon," Molly greeted me as I came in from work Friday before Christy's party. She was sitting out on the deck with her laptop, enjoying the evening sun.
"Either that was Chris and Pam, or I missed a really big announcement from J.P.," I mused.
"It was Chris and Pam," she confirmed.
"No surprise. Chris always has to be the first at everything. Why should meeting you be any different?"
"Yeah, so how is it there are two of you named 'Chris'?" she asked suspiciously.
"He's Christopher, I'm Christian," I explained, settling into the deck chair next to her. "Technically, there are three of us if you count Christine."
"Why would your parents do that to you? I mean, why intentionally create that kind of confusion?"
"The joke in the family is that they let the priests up at Saint P & J pick our names," I explained with a chuckle. "We all laugh because we're afraid it might be true. Mom and Dad always refused to dignify the question."
"Alright, run down the list for me," she asked as she closed her laptop. "I don't think I've ever gotten all your names all at one time."
"Well, Christine's the oldest, then Christopher."
"I guess that is easy to remember," Molly conceded.
"Angelica's next, then Grace, then me."
"I definitely see a theme emerging."
"After me came Teresa, then J.P."
"After 'Mother Teresa'," Molly nodded, "but what does J.P. stand for?"
"John Paul."
"Of course it does," she sighed.
"Then we have little Mary, the youngest."
"It took them seven tries before they got to 'Mary'?"
"'Mary' was kind of a cliche in catholic families around here. I think they were trying to avoid it, but finally ran out of ideas. So what did Chris and Pam want?"
"Oh, they dropped off a couple boxes for us—said you'd know what they were. Chris took them up to the nursery."
What would they be dropping off that I'd know about?
"...Oh! I bet it's the 'Novak Box o' Hand-Me-Downs'. Pam was the last to have a baby. I've heard about it, but I've never seen it before. I thought it was an urban legend."
Waiting in the nursery I found three large cardboard cartons, bulging at the sides. The boxes were filled with onesies and bibs; little T-shirts and pants and jumpers; a dozen tiny little shoes and hats and snowsuits. There were sock monkeys and blankies, picture books and plastic blocks; unused pacifiers and teething rings still in the packaging; leftover diapers in three different sizes.
God, I love having a big family.
After dinner, Molly and I spent the evening sitting on the floor of the nursery sorting through all of it.
"Isn't it a little... I dunno... 'squicky' to dress your kid in someone else's clothes?" Molly asked with her face scrunched up.
"...Oh, right. Only child. You probably never wore a hand-me-down, did you?"
"I don't think so. This just feels like I'm going through someone else's laundry."
"I don't think I wore a new piece of clothing until I was seven or eight. Kids outgrow it before it wears out. It's silly to throw it away."
"I guess." She held up a toddler-sized Bart Simpson T-shirt. "How old is this?"
"I've seen Bart on at least three of my nieces or nephews. But that's nothing. If you go through the family photo albums, you can find pictures of all eight of us wearing the same Cookie Monster sweatshirt."
"This is a cute little dress." She laid the jumper across her stomach. "Think it will look nice on Abigail?"
"Erm... Teresa beat us to 'Abigail' already. But it'll be adorable on Leslie."
"No, Bryan had a cousin named 'Leslie'," Molly sighed. "How are we having so much trouble finding a name?"
***
"These houses are huge," Molly commented as we turned into Bob and Christy's neighborhood up in Towson on our way to the Mothers' Day baby shower.
"Yeah, Christy's husband Bob was one of those guys no one listened to the last time the market crashed. He made a killing. Christy figures that's one more reason she should be in charge of... well, everything."
We pulled into the cul de sac and parked on the street since the driveway was already full of my siblings' cars. I took Molly's hand, led her up the walk to the front door, and laughed at her reaction when I opened it myself instead of ringing the bell.
"It's fine," I assured her, ushering her into the impressive foyer.
I was about to call out that we'd arrived, when a sudden cacophony preceded a mob of nieces and nephews that swarmed around the corner and converged in the foyer. They were playing some kind of game that appeared to involve sticking post-it notes to Chris and Pam's youngest while he screeched with laughter and tried to toddle away as quick as he could manage.
Molly clutched my arm as the mass of children surged around us. I gave a sharp, two-fingered whistle that stilled the chaos momentarily. That's usually good for about three seconds of attention.
"Ok Horde, listen up. I'd like you all to meet Ms. Molly; Ms. Molly, this is the Horde," I gestured.
A few of the more polite or extroverted kids piped up with greetings, but then the game resumed, and they chased each other off towards the kitchen.
"How many of them are there?" Molly asked, wide-eyed.
"Seventeen at last count. A couple of the older ones are probably off being sullen somewhere, but that was most of them."
"Christian? Molly?"
Christy led Pam and Angie around the corner and Molly brightened up a bit, recognizing at least one face she'd already met. Greetings and hugs were exchanged.
"It sounds like you've met the Horde already," Christy gushed as she led us through the gallery and den out toward the back deck. "Won't be long now until we have number eighteen," she added, conspiratorially rubbing Molly's belly.
Molly flinched at the over-familiarity, but I don't think Christy noticed. Pam did though and took Molly's hand giving her an encouraging smile of solidarity as someone who's put up with Christy for a number of years already.
Everyone else was out on the deck where lunch had been laid out. Naturally, Molly became the center of attention, and everyone wanted to hear about her adventure on the Appalachian Trail.
As we ate lunch, the mid-May temperature rose and most of us retreated into the air-conditioned den. I sat next to Molly on a sofa, and we were all chatting pleasantly when Grace's five-year-old climbed up in her mother's lap and whispered something.
"Yes, you can ask Ms. Molly," Grace told her daughter, lifting her down to the floor. "It's ok, go on."
Molly shifted forward as little Madelyn warily approached us. The poor girl must have been painfully aware of all of the eyes in the room that were watching her and she froze, staring up at Molly with a shy smile.
"Hello, what's your name?" Molly asked her.
"...Maddie," my niece blushed.
"It's nice to meet you, Maddie. Did you want to ask me something?"
"Um, yes..." Maddie hesitated, fidgeting. Then she screwed up her courage and boldly launched into her question. "Do you really sleep outside like an animal?"
The silence in the room was palpable.
"Oh my God!" Grace's hands flew to her face and she flushed bright crimson as the room erupted with laughter. "I'm so sorry! I swear, we never said that. She asked us what 'camping' was and we told her it meant sleeping outside. She must have worked out the rest on her own."
Maddie stood squirming in the middle of the room, confused by all of the laughter. She seemed to have some sense that she was the reason for it but couldn't understand what she had done that was so funny. And she was still waiting for her answer.
"Yes, sometimes I do," Molly finally managed, wiping tears from her eyes. "Not every night, but sometimes."
My niece took another step towards Molly and crawled up onto the sofa between us. Clearly unwilling to be interrupted by another bout of unexplained grown-up laughter, Maddie knelt next to Molly and whispered a follow-up question in her ear.
"Well, not tonight. But I think that would be a lot of fun," Molly answered for the room to hear. "If your mother says it's ok."
"Oh God, yes," Grace quickly agreed. "As long as I don't have to go. Would you like to take the other three with you too?"
Maddie seemed satisfied that she'd get to sleep outside someday soon and ran off to rejoin the rest of the Horde playing out in the backyard. Christy decided that with lunch wrapped up, it was time for the baby shower to begin in earnest and shooed all the men outside to the deck.
***
"They don't sayanythingduring dinner? Nothing?" Grace's husband Rodger asked.
"Nope. Not even a simple 'pass the salt'. Just total silence."
"Is that like a protestant thing or a midwest thing or what?" Teresa's husband Pete wondered.
"Apparently it's just a Molly's Dad thing. She says her dad likes to eat while his food is still hot. He doesn't like his dinner to get cold while people chit-chat."
"No, there's more to it than that," J.P. speculated. "Daddy's got some kind of control fetish."
The four of us had come out to the driveway to check out the engine Pete had rebuilt in his vintage Charger. It was mostly an excuse to leave the Horde to their own rambunctious chaos—much to my father's disappointment, none of his sons was ever bitten by the car bug.
Pete has been a grease monkey for as long as I've known him. He and I went to school together, but we didn't move in the same circles. We weren't really friends until he took my little sister to prom. He was immediately popular with Dad in a way that made all three of my brothers-in-law jealous.
I always got a kick out of seeing the cars Pete souped up and modified himself. There's something inherently funny about a muscle car with an air scoop protruding from the hood, an internal roll cage welded to the frame, and a pair of child seats secured in the back.
We'd all admired the shiny V8 engine under the hood and were just standing around the driveway chatting when Christy's oldest son Brendan came out the front door.
"Hey, Uncle Chris?" he called, hurrying up to me.
"Yeah, what's up?"
"There's like, someone crying in the upstairs bathroom," Brendan reported with cool, adolescent detachment. "And I um, I think it's Ms. Molly."
"Oh boy, here we go," J.P. sighed. "What did Christy say to her?"
I thanked my nephew and headed inside, taking a quick second to tap out a text message on the way.
When Molly first came out here, I was afraid the transition might be too much for her. She'd proven me wrong though, and I didn't think anything could rattle her. I guess dropping her into the deep end of my gene pool was more of a shock than I'd anticipated.
Fortunately, I'd kept an ace up my sleeve just in case things went bad.
After some convincing, Will had agreed to help me out if I ever needed a grand romantic gesture to get back in Molly's good graces. This wasn't quite what I was expecting, but if Molly was dispirited enough to break down in the middle of her own party, well the time seemed right.
"Molly?" I knocked on the upstairs bathroom door. "Can I come in?"
"Yeah, ok," she sniffled from the other side. I opened the door to find her sitting on the toilet lid, a tissue clutched in her hand.
Mary was there too, sitting on the edge of the bathtub across from Molly.
"We can go," I told her, kneeling down next to her. "We don't have to say goodbye or see anyone. We can just leave."
"That would be rude," Molly shook her head, and dabbed at her nose with the tissue.
"They'll get over it. You don't want to be here right now, and you don't have to be. Doesn't matter why."
"Don't even worry about it," Mary agreed. "You take care of you first. I'll take care of Christy."
"No!" Molly objected. "You've all been so generous and welcoming. I'm not going to sneak out without saying 'thank you' like some spoiled diva. Just... give me a minute to pull myself together."
When Molly was ready to be seen again, Christy was waiting for us at the bottom of the stairs, with Mary looking on just off the foyer.
"I'm sorry you have to leave so soon," Christy consoled us.
"Thank you for the lovely party," Molly offered. "Everyone was so nice. It's just--"
"I know," Christy cut her off. "It can all be very overwhelming your first time. We've all been there, hon," she added conspiratorially, giving Molly a hug. Mary rolled her eyes and stalked off, but not so Christy could see.
"Christian, you hang on to this one, Ok?" Christy admonished kissing my cheek.
"I'll do what I can," I promised.
We waved goodbye to the guys in the driveway, but after we got in the car Molly's facade collapsed. "I'm sorry," she started. "I embarrassed you in front of your whole family. I feel like an idiot."
"Don't. Whatever happened, it's not your fault," I reassured her. "You told me you were uncomfortable meeting everyone all at once. I should have stood up to Christy instead of convincing you it would be ok. I screwed up."
"No, it's not like that," Molly tried to explain, sniffling back tears again. "It's not Christy's fault or anyone else's—your family was all great. It's my own fault because... because I've let myself believe that once the baby is born, everything will finally go back to normal. But it won't. Listening to your sisters talk about soccer practice and piano lessons and PTA meetings and peanut allergies and date nights and... and all that mom stuff... that isn'tmynormal. Nothing is ever going to be normal again!" she sobbed.
"Hey, it's alright. We'll find a new normal. And it doesn't have to look anything like theirs, ok? We can find a normal that works for us."
"But what if we can't?"
I didn't really have an answer for that. What choice did we have? Some kind of pattern would eventually assert itself on our lives, and it would become 'normal'. But what if it wasn't a pattern one of us could live with? What then? I didn't know. And so we rode in silence for quite some time.
"Why are we going across the bridge?" Molly eventually asked as we passed the toll gates. I'd been hoping she wouldn't notice, but I had to go the long way around the Beltway to buy Will some time. "Where are we going?"
"I've got kind of a surprise for you," I confessed. "Something I hope will make you feel better."
"Chris, no," she protested. "Just take me home."
Home. It was the first time since she'd arrived in Baltimore that Molly had referred to my place in Essex as "home". That one word coming from her lips gave me a sudden thrill and I very nearly relented. But Will was already hard at work and I didn't want to call the whole thing off just yet. Besides, I really did think this would make her feel better.
"Just... just see what it is first ok? If I screwed up again and this was a stupid idea, then I'll take you straight home and I'll never try it again. But I really do think you'll like this... ok?"
"...Alright," she sighed, sinking back into her seat. "Where are we going?"
"You'll see."
I took the exit for Ellicott City. "Patapsco Valley State Park" Molly read aloud off the sign as I turned off the Pike onto the park service road. "Chris, what are you doing?"
"You'll see."
At the gate house, they directed us to the campsite Will had reserved, and by that point I'm sure Molly had a pretty good idea what I had in mind. She was polite enough not to say anything until we pulled into our site though.
Will and his son Kevin were there with all of Will's "glamping" equipment. They had already pitched the big cabin tent, laid out the double sleeping bag on the giant air mattress, and set up the camp chairs by the fire ring.
"Car camping?" Molly gave me a wary look. "We should have invited Maddie."
"It's the best I could do on short notice," I admitted. "Would you rather just go home?"
"No," she told me, sniffing back a tear. "I love it. Thank you." And she leaned across the center console and pulled my face to hers and she kissed me. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught four-year-old Kevin staring at us with that gleefully scandalized look kids have when they catch grown-ups doing something naughty.
"Bungee!" Molly squealed after she pulled herself out of the car. Will—aka "Bungee Cord Bill"—met her half way and accepted the hug she offered.
"Springer Mountain Bride," he exclaimed. "Never thought I'd cross paths with you again."
Molly sort of winced at the sentiment.
"Sorry," Will retracted. "Did I say something wrong?"
"No, no," Molly assured him shaking her head sadly. "It's just... I'm not 'Springer Mountain Bride' anymore. The name doesn't really make sense now."
"I told Beer Haver there the same thing," Will confided to her with a nod in my direction. I was down on a knee getting my customary fist-bump from Kevin.
"Oh, this is my son Kevin," he waved the boy over. "Kevin, this is Ms. Molly."
Kevin stepped forward shyly and beckoned Molly to bend down to his level. When she did, he whispered something her ear.
"Oh!" Molly exclaimed. "Well, thank you very much."
"What's that all about?" Will asked.
"That between me and Kevin, isn't it?" Molly replied, giving Kevin a wink. Kevin smiled and nodded and hid shyly behind his father.
"Alright, well you're all set up," Will shrugged. "You two have a good night. Come on, Kiddo, your mom's making pierogies for dinner and we don't want to be late for that."
We waved goodbye as Will and Kevin drove away and then Molly settled into one of the camp chairs as I looked over the provisions Will had left us. We were only ten minutes from a grocery store if he'd forgotten anything.
"Looks like we've got hot dogs with potato salad and corn on the cob for dinner and s'mores for dessert."
"Oh man, I haven't made s'mores since college," Molly smiled, breathing deeply of the fresh spring air. "This really was a good idea, Chris."
"Well, I figured you'd need to decompress eventually, and this seemed like the easiest way to do it. I know car camping is probably beneath you, but any decent back-country is a couple hours west of here, and... well, you know."
"Yeah," she agreed. "This is best for now... Who's 'Danger Girl'?"
"What?"
"Kevin told me 'I know you're really Danger Girl, but I won't tell anyone'."
"Oh, that," I laughed. "After you left us back in August, Will—Bungee—made a big deal about how dangerous it was for you to be hiking the Trail by yourself. So he started calling you 'Danger Girl' and Kevin overheard us talking about you and decided that Danger Girl was some kind of superhero. I guess he thinks that 'Ms. Molly' is her secret identity."
"Aww, that's sweet."
"Yeah, Kevin's a good kid."
After dinner, Molly cleaned up Will's camp kitchen while I scavenged more firewood from the surrounding woods. It was still early enough that the winter's dead-fall was easy to gather. By June it would all be picked clean. I built up the fire and we sat side-by-side in Will's camp chairs and toasted marshmallows on skewers. Molly likes hers burnt to a crisp. I'm more of a golden-brown guy.
As she stared into the crackling embers letting another marshmallow ignite, I noticed her finger pressed to her lips, a sure sign that Molly was thinking very hard about something.
"What's on your mind?" I prompted.
Molly turned to me and sighed. "I'm going to ask you a question, and you don't have to answer it, but I want you to think about it, Ok?"
"Ok," I agreed.
"Are we out here tonight because you want to be with me? Or because you want a child of your own in the Horde?"
Wow. That was heavy.
"Because if that's the case, I understand," she amended quickly. "I do. I see how much your family means to you, and I get how you would want your own child so you can be even more a part of it all. And that's ok. I want that for you... But I'm not sure I want it for me."
My own marshmallow caught fire as I thought about the question and I cursed and blew it out and skewered a new one before I answered.
"It's a fair question... I don't know that I have an answer," I told her. "But I do know that I really like the idea of you being the mother of my child."
She smiled at that. "I don't know if I can be the kind of mother you'd want me to be. And if things don't work out with us... Chris, I've given this a lot of thought, and I think after she's born, you should have primary custody."
"What, no... Don't... Why would you..." I stammered. I couldn't quite get my head around what she was suggesting.
"You will be such a great dad," she insisted. "You have a good job and an amazing support structure that I don't. And youknowyou want to be her father—you loved her from the moment I told you about her. I... I sort of resented her for a bit when I found out. I'm still not so sure that being a mother is right for me.
"I still have to figure out who I am without Bryan. For so many years, I was just imitating the person I thought I was supposed to be. I learned a lot from Bryan, but I wasn't being true to myself. When he left me, I had the freedom to find my own way and figure out who I want to be.
"I'm not saying that this isn't working," she assured me, laying a hand on mine. "I'm not saying it won't. I'm so lucky that you're the guy whose life I stumbled into. But you can't know who I'm going to be someday, because I don't know who I want to be yet. And I don't ever want you to feel obligated to be with me just so you can be with her.
"She should always be with you," Molly affirmed, rubbing her stomach. "Even if I shouldn't."
"...Ok," I agreed, because what else could I do? "If that's what you want."
I wanted to raise our daughter with Molly. I wanted to believe that I was in love with her. I wanted to convince her that if we committed ourselves to being together, we could work through any differences the future might hold. But we both had baggage. Neither of us wanted to be hurt again.
For one thing she was right; I didn'treallyknow her. Rushing into my first marriage had left me afraid to make the same mistake again. And even if it hadn't, what kind of promise could I make to Molly that she could put any faith in? A ring and a marriage proposal hadn't been enough to keep Bryan from giving up on her. What could I say to convince her that I wouldn't?
I sat staring into the flickering cinders of the dying campfire for a long while, holding her hand. There wasn't anything I could do to ensure our future together. That was in the hands of fate. But at last I realized that maybe I was thinking too far ahead.
"C'mon," I helped her up out of the low camp chair. "Maybe I can't promise you that we'll be together forever, but I think I can convince you how much I want to be with you tonight."
Will's cabin tent was surprisingly roomy. The battery powered LEDs threw weird shadows against the nylon walls as I slowly undressed Molly, opening one button at a time, sliding fabric away inch by inch, kissing her everywhere I exposed new skin.
She indulged my deliberate teasing with an impatient moan, running her fingers through my hair, shifting her feet, her shoulders, her hips as needed to let her clothes fall away.
When she stood naked in front of me, I laid her down gently on Will's air mattress, her arms stretched over her head pulling her round breasts taut on her chest. I nibbled at the nape of her neck, one hand cupping the heat of her mound.
"Mmmm, Chrisss..." she hissed, arching her neck away from my lips, "I don't think this is just the hormones this time."
She pulled me down to her face and kissed me, pressing her tongue between my lips and I returned her kiss with equal passion. Between her legs, my fingers explored her swollen folds and opened the way into her body.
Molly gasped as my sticky-slick fingers found her clitoris and she stifled a scream as I delved deeper to stroke her G-spot.
Her hands clawed at the sleeping bag seeking firm purchase on the wobbly air mattress and she tried in vain to rock her hips against my probing fingers but she couldn't find sufficient leverage.
"Oh God, stop teasing me," she groaned. "I want your cock in me!"
She reached for my belt, but I caught her hands in mine and she whimpered with need.
"Not yet," I whispered and shifted down the mattress until I was kneeling on the ground between her knees. With a moan of anticipation, she spread her legs and I enveloped her dewy petals in my mouth, exploring each hot nook and crevice with my tongue.
"Oh shiiiit..." Molly let her legs relax over my shoulders, closed her eyes, and ran her fingers through her hair, down her neck and shoulders. Unable to push back against my mouth, she surrendered to the sensations and melted into the mattress.
I focused my oral attention on her clit, and pressed two fingers up into the slick heat of her pussy, stretching and spreading and stroking.
"That's it!" she hissed, clutching her heavy tits and rolling her own nipples between her fingers. "Right there! Right fucking there! Oh God..."
I increased my tempo, ignoring the ache in my jaw, licking and stroking faster and faster.
"God Chris, I'm gonna cum," she whimpered through clenched teeth. "I'm gonna cum on your fucking tongue, Chris..."
Her legs flexed, squeezing my face between her thighs and her back arched up on her shoulders, pressing her hungry sex into my mouth. She didn't even try to contain the wail of ecstasy as her body trembled with carnal spasms.
After a long minute she melted again and pushed me away as her orgasm dissipated. On the other side of the nylon wall, through the trees, there was applause from a neighboring campsite.
"Hmmm, I'm convinced," she murmured, pushing damp hair out of her face and rolling onto her side as I lay down next to her. "Your turn now," she added, caressing the fullness of my erection straining against my jeans.
We were slow and gentle, cautious not to jostle the baby too aggressively. If Molly felt I'd been teasing her, she repaid me in kind, bringing me to the brink of the abyss time and time again before climbing on top and riding me to a slow, intense eruption.
***
After a simple breakfast of instant coffee and oatmeal, we strolled along the River Ridge trail together, leaving the morning dew on Will's tent to dry before we packed it up. It was an easy trail—more of a walk than a hike really—but we weren't really dressed for anything more rigorous.
"I think we should name her 'Springer'," Molly told me, caressing her belly as we walked. It wasn't the same casual tone we usually used when trying out names. She sounded more set in this decision.
"But you're Springer," I objected.
"No, I'm not," she insisted. "Not anymore. Bungee's right, the name doesn't fit. Springer Mountain Bride knew who she was, where she was going, and what was going to happen when she got there. All of that's a mystery to me—I'm 'Danger Girl' now."
"It doesn't work like that. You can't just give yourself a trail name."
"I didn't!" she scowled. "Bungee gave it to me."
"Fair point," I conceded. "But I'm not sure you can just give up a name either."
"I'm not giving it up. I'm passing it on. I'm giving it to my daughter to honor who I was, with the hope that she becomes whoever she wants to be someday."
"You've given this a lot of thought," I stopped and turned to face her.
"You slept late," she shrugged.
Kneeling down in the rocky dirt, I pressed my cheek against Molly's stomach. "What do you think, little one? Would you like us to name you 'Springer' after your mommy?"
And I swear to you, our daughter kicked at that exact moment, just once, right against my face. We both felt it and grinned at each other.
"Well I guess that's settled then. 'Springer' it is."
"Springer Dorothy Novak," Molly confirmed. "It's a good name."
I agreed. But I noticed that she'd used my last name instead of her own. She was serious about leaving our daughter with me if the two of us couldn't make our relationship work. And I still didn't know how to convince her that we could.
***
{It's time} was all her message said.
The message I'd been waiting for since June first. This could be another false alarm, but you can't take that chance. I was in my boss's office passing off some last-minute files when I got the message.
"Everything ok?" she asked as I read my phone.
"It's Molly. She's going into labor."
"Alright, you'd better get going then. We'll see you in a couple months. Congratulations, Dad!" she offered her hand.
"Yeah, thanks," I shook her hand while my laptop closed down, and then headed for the door.
"Hey Chris," she called after me. "Breathe!"
Right. Breathe. Right.
I pulled up in front of the house about twenty minutes later to find Molly sitting out on the front deck working on her laptop.
"Hey, you," she smiled and called down to me. "You made good time."
"Yeah, light traffic. False alarm?"
"I don't think so. The contractions have been pretty consistent for the last few hours."
"What!? Why didn't you call sooner?"
"I didn't want to cry wolf again. Wait there, I'll be right down."
That surprised me. Why would she come down? I assumed she must have given up the home birth idea and decided to go to the hospital after all. That's fine. That's not how we planned it, but I can adapt. Just breathe.
"Let's go for a walk," she suggested, pulling the front door closed and offering her hand.
"I... Wh... Ok." Our birthing classes with Esther, the doula-slash-midwife, had emphasized doing whatever put the mother at ease during the first stage of labor. Esther had said that could include napping, walking, yoga, or even swimming. In theory, fine. Apparently, Molly was going to put it into practice.
So we're still doing the home birth thing. I was starting to regret encouraging it. Personally, I think I would have felt more comfortable surrounded by sterile walls, calm professionals, and the machine that goes ping. But it was too late to back out now.
We strolled hand-in-hand through the grass along the river's edge.
"How far apart are the contractions now?" I asked, trying to sound much calmer than I felt.
"About ten minutes," she replied, consulting the timer on her phone. "The last one ended just before you pulled up."
"So we haven't called Esther yet," I concluded. We call Esther once the contractions are three minutes apart and a minute long, I recalled.
"I sent a text to give her a heads-up."
Molly turned down the T-dock. As we walked out over the water, she pulled the band from her hair and shook it out in the warm June breeze. There were sail boats out on the river, even though it was a week-day. We stood at the end of the dock and enjoyed the sun and the breeze and the sound of the lapping waves.
It was a beautiful day to be born.
"Dance with me," Molly asked out of nowhere, turning into me and setting her hand on my shoulder.
I was about to protest that there was no music, but since when did that make a difference?
Don't tell Mama where to go, what to do, when to do it, how to feel, Esther had taught us. Make her feel comfortable, safe, secure, loved. Birth should be something that happens for her, not to her. So if Molly wanted to dance, we'd dance.
Very conscious of the unguarded edges and uneven decking of the dock, I led her through a gentle box-step, spinning her carefully, turning deliberately. It didn't matter how much I over-thought each step, with her light summer dress clinging to her sensually rounded body, Molly was grace and beauty incarnate.
"You never told me where you learned to dance," Molly observed as I drew her back from a slow spin.
"Oh, Mom was a ballroom dance teacher. That's how she met Dad."
"Ah, that explains it. You must have-- Oop!"
Another contraction. She leaned into me, wincing, clutching her stomach.
"It's not pain," she mumbled. "It's not pain..."
"Experience it for yourself," I told her, parroting Esther's words. "Define the sensations in your own terms."
"I know," she gasped. "It's ok. It just surprised me... Hold me," she grimaced.
I supported her weight as she stood doubled over at the end of the dock, breathing through the spasms in her womb.
"They're getting closer," she told me, tapping the timer on her phone, recovering from the exertion. "Won't be long now."
"Time to call Esther?"
"Not quite yet. We have a bit more time to ourselves." She wrapped her arms around my waist and leaned into me and I held her as we watched the sail boats glide past.
"Look Molly, I... I know our future is uncertain. And I know that after Springer is born, everything we think we know about each other could change. I can't know what's going to happen tomorrow. But right here, right now... I love you."
"I know, Chris," she smiled, laying her head against my shoulder. "I love you too."
After another contraction, we walked back to the house to meet our daughter for the first time. It was hard not to hurry, but we did our best.
It took another hour before we finally called Esther. While Molly relaxed, I fidgeted, double and triple checking everything. Once upon a time, they would have sent me to boil water just to get me out of the way.
I gave Molly a foot rub while she did some more work. We ate a light dinner. She took a shower and I hovered on the other side of the curtain, afraid she might slip and fall during a contraction.
At last it was time. I called Esther after walking Molly down to our "birthing space".
"You'd better text Angie, too," Molly suggested with a wink. "I want to stay on her good side." I know she was teasing me, but I did.
"Want me to tell your folks?"
"Not until it's over. They're both at work and it would just distract them."
Ideally, I think Molly would have liked to have given birth in a secluded sylvan glade, deep in the woods by a babbling brook. Those are hard to come by in Baltimore.
Instead, we'd arranged the basement as best we could. The clutter was hidden behind drapes and curtains in various earth tones. I'd borrowed houseplants from every neighbor, co-worker, and family member to fill the space with greenery. A collection of yoga balls and mats and bean-bag chairs and cushions were scattered around
I put on a CD of ambient forest sounds and opened the windows to let in fresh air and sunlight.
"Ready to have our baby?" Molly asked, settling onto her knees on a cushion and leaning forward over a yoga ball, but another contraction started before I could answer.
Esther came in through the door I'd left open for her and breezed into the basement, her shapeless tie-dyed sundress flowing around her, turquoise jewelry jangling. Her frizzy grey hair, normally hanging in a loose braid, was tied up in a tight bun, ready for business.
"How's Mama doing?" she asked as she came down the stairs.
"Trying very hard not to freak out," Molly confessed. I was relieved I wasn't the only one.
"Good girl," Esther encouraged, sitting on the floor next to Molly. "Can we check your blood pressure real quick?" she asked, and when Molly nodded she pulled a stethoscope and cuff out of her bulky shoulder bag. "You're looking a little flushed. When was the last time you drank anything?"
"I don't... a couple of hours I guess."
"Let's get you hydrated before you're too distracted then. Papa, can you bring us some iced tea or water?"
"The raspberry leaf tea, right?"
Molly made a face because she wasn't fond of the taste, but Esther nodded. I felt a little stupid for not having that prepared—I should have had a thermos waiting downstairs. When I got to the fridge, I found the iced tea pitcher nearly empty. Stupid, stupid, stupid! It looked like I'd be boiling water after all.
When I came back downstairs with a water bottle full of iced-tea Molly was in the middle of another contraction. She'd taken her robe off and was naked from the waist down, wearing only a sports bra, still on her knees supporting her weight on the yoga ball.
Esther was also on her knees with her hand up between Molly's thighs, gently stroking Molly's clitoris.
"You are a goddess," Esther was chanting, "You are a creator of life. The power of your vagina is awesome. Experience your vagina as your body opens to a new life."
Esther is a proponent of "Orgasmic Birth." It's a real thing; I looked it up. Teresa and Pete both swear by it, although to the best of my knowledge they haven't convinced any of my other sisters to try it. We're catholic after all—giving birth is supposed to hurt.
I think Molly's father and I would both see eye-to-eye on the issue. But as I watched Molly exhale through the end of her contraction with a sensuous smile on her face, I had to admit there might be something to it. Once you scrape away all the hippy-Earth-mother spiritual mumbo-jumbo, it's really about putting the mother in the right frame of mind so she can flood her central nervous system with enough dopamine to muddle any other sensations.
"Hey you," Molly murmured, opening her eyes as I sat down cross-legged on the floor next to her.
"It looks like you're doing ok," I told her, handing her the water bottle.
"Mm-hmm..." she agreed, taking a long quaff. Esther objected to having her recommended blend of herbal tea "polluted" with refined sugar, but what Esther didn't know wouldn't hurt her. Molly could taste the difference and smiled at our private conspiracy.
"Is there anything else I can do for you?"
"Yeah, c'mere," she purred, setting the bottle aside and reaching for me.
I knew I was supposed to be encouraging sensuality in the experience, even participating. So I leaned forward and I kissed her and she pushed her tongue into my mouth and I kissed her harder.
With one hand, I caressed her face and with the other, the curve of her upturned ass. Esther continued to masturbate her, and Molly held my face to hers moaning into my kiss.
"Come take over for me, Papa," Esther instructed, when Molly finally broke from me with a gasp.
"Might be a little one-sided tonight," Molly breathed as I moved to take Esther's place.
"I think you've earned it," I assured her, stroking her arched back with one hand while cradling her dripping sex with the other. "Like this?"
"Back and forth... Faster... Mmm, yesss... Oh, Chrisss... Chris! Unf!"
I could feel the spasms of another contraction starting. Molly pushed back against the yoga ball, pressing herself more firmly into my hand.
"Oh God, Chris... Don't stop! Oh fuck... Ah-haa..."
I wasn't sure if she was crying out with pleasure or pain, and I'm not sure she knew either.
"Easy Mama," Esther consoled her when the trembling subsided. "You're, doing fine. I'll give you two some privacy."
"No," I called to Esther as she turned, "Stay. She likes it when you watch."
"Ungh God," Molly groaned at the allegation. She let her head fall forward, and wouldn't look up at Esther, but we'd been together long enough that I knew she couldn't deny it.
"Well, if that's what Mama likes." Esther winked at me, settled herself on the bottom stair step, and pulled a pair of knitting needles and a skein of yarn from her bag.
Between the open windows and Esther sitting just a few feet away, Molly's exhibitionist kink was getting stroked as vigorously as her clit.
I worked her steadily adjusting my rhythm as directed. As another contraction started, a bead of sweat rolled down Molly's bare back. I caught it on my tongue just as it dripped into the cleft of her clenching ass.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," she moaned and rode my fingers faster.
The sunlight faded as Molly's birth canal continued to dilate, and Esther lit candles and turned on several scarf-draped lamps prolonging the twilight effect. As she reached full dilation and began to push, Molly grew uncomfortable leaning over the yoga ball, and sat up on one knee with one foot flat on the floor.
She peeled the sports bra off over her head, and leaned back fully naked against me for support, placing my hands on her heaving breasts.
Esther knelt in front of us, ready to catch Springer as she emerged. "She's crowning, Mama. The next push is the big one. You can do this."
"She's coming, Chris," Molly huffed nervously, reaching between her legs and touching our daughter for the first time. "Oh fuck, she's... she's so big... "
"Do you think anyone is watching out there in the dark?" I whispered in her ear, nibbling down the side of neck, lifting her breasts towards the open window. "Do you think they can see you naked in my arms? Are you gonna cum for them like a lusty Earth-goddess?"
Molly moaned and trembled at the thought, letting her head loll to the side. "God you make me so fucking hot... I can do this," she gasped as the urge to push overcame her again. "I can... fucking... DO THIS!"
With a push and then another, Springer was born and Molly collapsed backwards. I lowered her gently to recline against a beanbag chair, panting, looking both satiated and exhausted. Esther laid our daughter on Molly's bare chest and draped a blanket over mother and daughter.
"Oh my God, Chris... Look what we did!" Molly sobbed, smiling up at me as I knelt down next to her and brushed a lock of sweat-soaked hair from her forehead. "She's... She's beautiful."
"Just like her mother," I sniffed back my own tears, delicately caressing Springer's tiny crimson head with one finger tip.
Molly murmured "I love you" but I wasn't sure if she was talking to me or our newborn, so I just kissed her forehead in reply.
***
I can remember helping Mom, Angie, and Grace feed and diaper J.P. and Mary. I've also been pressed into baby-sitting duty more times than I can recall. So I was comfortable with any kid from infant to tween. Molly was not.
As the realities of parenting set in, she grew increasingly determined to do everything right for our child. She spent hours online trying to find the "best" ways of caring for Springer and was frustrated when different sources made opposing recommendations.
My siblings came by to see the baby, usually dropping off a casserole as an excuse. They all offered encouragement, but their advice was inconsistent enough that it just hardened Molly's resolve to find her own way forward.
She second-guessed all of my decisions, asking if there was reason, or if it was just what everyone else did. Having a kid of your own is a lot different than babysitting someone else's, so I was figuring things out for myself too, and if I did anything differently than the last time, Molly grew anxious that we'd done something wrong.
"Look, whatever works for usisthe right way," I tried to explain to her. "Every kid is different just like every parent is different. There is no one right answer."
"But what if we get it wrong?" Molly worried. "She's so... so perfect right now. I don't want to screw her up."
"Everybody is screwed up in their own way. I'm screwed up, you're screwed up. You can't avoid it, so you've got to let it go and find what works and just do the best you can."
But Molly wouldn't let it go. As she fretted about "ruining" Springer, I grew worried that she might decide our daughter would be better off without her. Every morning that I woke up in an empty bed, I had a moment of panic fearing it might be the day that Molly had walked out on us.
Fortunately, I'd finally found a way to convince Molly that she and Springer and I all belonged together—the grand, romantic gesture that could do what a marriage proposal couldn't. But it would take time. I hoped I'd have enough.
As the pieces finally fell into place, I left Molly at home with the baby and I went out to run errands. When I pulled back up to the house, Molly was out on the front deck with Springer and her laptop. She looked up in surprise when she recognized me in an unfamiliar vehicle.
"What's this?" she called as I stepped out of the white transit van. "Where's the Subaru?"
"At Pete's garage," I answered. "Come take a look."
With Springer in her arms and a quizzical look on her face Molly joined me down on the street as I slid the side cargo door open.
"I found it online and bought it from a carpenter who needed to upgrade. It smells a little like saw dust, but I got a pretty good deal," I explained. "Pete checked it out for me and he's already welded in the attachment points for a child seat. And it's a Mercedes, so your dad should be happy about that."
"What... what are you going to do with it?" Molly asked as it was all still sinking in.
"Here, give me the baby, and climb in. I was thinking about putting in a bed and living in it. Hashtag #vanlife, remember?"
"How... is that going to work?" she asked, stepping up into the scuffed, bare metal cargo bay.
"Well, it has enough headroom to stand up, so plenty of living space. Pete already has some ideas on adding a water tank and a propane hookup so we can slide out a functioning camp kitchen. Maybe a shower. Maybe put some solar panels on the roof to keep batteries charged or heat water. Add a trailer hitch so we can tow kayaks, skis, or an economy sized pack of diapers."
"I meant how are we supposed to raise a baby like that? How will she play? Or learn to walk? Or go to the doctor?" Molly still had questions, but she pressed a finger to her lips and I could see she was already imagining the possibilities.
"We'll figure something out," I assured her. "It won't be a normal childhood, but it will be hers. And some people might tell us that it's a bad idea, but the choices we make to make it work are all ours and nobody can tell us we're doing it wrong."
"What about your job?"
"I talked to my boss and she's willing to let me move into a telework position. It's a small pay cut, and I'd have to be on a lot of conference calls, but it should be manageable. You can work from anywhere there's an internet connection. Plus, I figure we can either rent or sell the house."
She opened the rear doors letting the breeze off the water blow through and she sat on the bed, hanging her legs over the bumper, looking out at the river. I sat next to her, holding Springer, waiting for the next question.
"Chris, I love it, but... I can't let you do this. You've given me so much already... I can't let you give up your job and your home and your family just to chase after a dream I had when my life was in limbo. It's too much."
"Your dreams are one of the things I love most about you, Molly" I countered, "and sharing those dreams is what I love most about being with you. I want to chase your dreams with you. I would rather give up everything to go with you on an adventure than wake up one morning to find you'd gone without me."
"I'm not going anywhere," she objected earnestly. "Chris, I love our daughter, and I love her father. Being a mother in a strange new city...thisis an adventure. It's filled with challenges and uncertainty and it's terrifying and rewarding in ways I never expected. And the fact that a million other women do it every day doesn't change the fact that this time it's me... and I'm doing it with you." A tear slipped down her cheek.
"But for how long?" I asked. "How long until it becomes repetitive and normal and you start dreaming about something more? Things with Bryan fell apart because you tried to be something you're not. All that talk about finding yourself... you still deserve that chance. We sort of fucked it up and I feel like I still owe you the opportunity to find the person you're meant to be. I just... I want to be there when you do. Because you are going to be amazing... I'm not ready to lose you yet, Molly."
"Oh, Chris..." She put her arms around my shoulders and she kissed me. "You're not going to lose me. I might not have figured out who I am yet, but I know for certain that I don't want to be someone who doesn't want to be with you. I love you, Chris. You are kind and generous and patient and strong; I don't deserve you and I'd be shattered if I ever lost you. I just hope and pray that I don't turn out to be someone that... that you don't want around anymore."
"That's never going to happen, Molly," I assured her. "I love you, too. I love that you're bold and daring and stubborn and the only thing bigger than your dreams is your determination to make them come true. I wish... I wish I knew how to tell you that nothing is going to change how I feel... to convince you that I want to be with you forever."
"Did... did you want to get married?"
"Neither of us really has a lot of faith in marriage, do we? It's kind of an empty promise that's let us both down." I started to stand, and Molly took the baby back from me and held her while I got to my feet. "This... this van was supposed to be, I dunno, kind of like a promise or an offer or a covenant to be with you forever..." I confessed, "Wherever the road takes us."
"...Yes," she replied after a moment.
"Yes what?"
"Yes, I'll run away and live in a van with you," she clarified with a smile, handing the baby back up to me, and pulling herself to her feet. "If this is your proposal to be with me on terms that are ours alone and no one else's, then I accept."
Molly wrapped her arms around Springer and me, and she kissed me and I kissed her back and in that kiss was a promise as strong as any vow. I knew she'd be there when I woke up every morning; maybe not right there, but not gone. And I knew that she wasn't the spoiled free spirit her parents had raised or the obedient pupil Bryan had engaged or the broken loner who had fucked a stranger in the woods. She was someone in between and someone more and no matter what that meant, I knew she was mine.
"Where will we go first?" she asked when we'd caught our breath.
"Well, um... I thought maybe we'd swing through Endicott so your folks can meet their granddaughter. If your dad throws me out again at least I can sleep in the van." That got me a laugh. "After that... I don't know. I don't really have a plan. Anywhere we want."
"I love it," she confirmed with a smile, "and I love you."
"I know. I love you too."
Molly had some early thoughts on a fold-away crib/playpen combination and asked if we could make the seats rotate to face the rear when we parked. She suggested a skyline of Baltimore painted on the ceiling so I could wake up to a familiar sight every morning. While I held Springer, she ran into the house for a sketch pad and measuring tape. Between her creativity and Pete's know-how, I was pretty confident that we'd have a setup that would make any #vanlife blogger jealous.
***
It took us about two months to complete the transformation, but by late summer we were ready to move into our new home. As the truck with our storage container drove off, I locked the front door of our Essex row house. Our first tenants would move in later that week.
Molly held Springer, and we walked out to the end of the dock to look out over the river one last time before we set off for Ohio.
Her mother once told me that Molly needs a man who can stand up to her, someone to keep her grounded. Her mother was wrong. Molly doesn't need a man to keep her feet on the ground; she needs a partner to help her dreams take flight.
"So what do you think Danger Girl?" I asked, holding her hand in mine. "Do you want to go on an adventure?"
"I do," she answered.


Springer had grown into an inventive, self-reliant toddler. At nearly four years old, she could play on her own for hours. She would play with other kids, provided they played her way—she threw a tantrum if her cousins tried to boss her around. There was a lot of her mother in her.
At the moment, she had her Barbie doll wedged into the cab of her big, yellow Tonka bulldozer and was using it to push piles of leaves around our Oregon campsite making "Brmmm Brmmm" noises. Molly sat at the picnic table wearing the woolen chamanto she'd bought in Chile last year. She was working on her tablet with a stylus, keeping one eye on our daughter.
"Hey you," she called as I stepped out of the van into the cool morning air. "How late were you up last night?"
"A little after one," I confessed, pouring a cup of coffee from the pot warming on the camp stove. "But after this morning's conference call, I should have the rest of the day free."
"Oh good. I should be done here in about an hour."
I kissed Molly on the cheek and left her to her work. It had taken time, but she had rebuilt her client base and usually had twenty to fifty billable hours a week at a rate she was happy with.
"Good morning, June-bug," I greeted my daughter, kneeling down next to her. She didn't respond—Springer might not be the most well-socialized little girl. It was getting close to time that we do something about that. But not today.
"How many leaf piles is Barbie going to make?"
"A hundred, hundred, million," Springer replied as casually as if she'd said "three."
"Well, she'd better hurry. Do you see that mountain up there?" I asked pointing through a break in the trees.
Springer halted her construction project long enough to look up and reply "Uh-huh."
"We're going to have lunch on top of that mountain."
"Woah!" she exclaimed, her eyes going wide. "That's far!"
"It's about two and half miles away. Do you think you can walk that far?"
"Mmm..." Springer considered with her finger pressed to her lips. "Yes!"
"That's my girl!" I tousled her hair, knowing she'd be riding on my back for most of the hike.
She and Barbie went back to their leaf piles. I checked east-coast time on my watch and determined I had enough time for some breakfast before I had to dial-in to the meeting. With two mugs, one full of coffee and one full of Cheerios and milk, I sat down next to Molly and watched our daughter play while I ate.
Among the dishes that sat out drying from last night's dinner, Molly reached for a small, white, plastic wand without looking up from her tablet, and nonchalantly slid it across the table towards me.
"What's this?" I asked, picking it up when she didn't answer. It took me a second to recognize the home pregnancy test, and to process the meaning of the blue + symbol it displayed.
"Wait... Is this... Are you...?" My brain seemed to be pulling me in a hundred directions all at once.
"We screwed up again, Beer Haver," she smiled, looking up at me from her tablet.
"Wow," was all I could manage to say. The last time she told me she was pregnant, she was scared and alone and uncertain of her future. I had to be the rock under her feet. Now she sat next to me calm and serene, so I had the luxury of freaking out a little. When the silence got awkward, "Wow" was still the only thing I had.
And then I finally managed to settle on "I love you."
"I know," she told me, leaning in. "I love you, too." And she kissed me and I kissed her back and despite a million fears and concerns and worries, in that moment, I knew that everything was going to work out alright.
"Hey Springer," I called with a smile, breaking our kiss at last. "How would you like to have a baby brother or sister?"
Springer looked up and gave a simple but definitive "No." before going back to her bulldozer.
"Well, that kinda sucks," Molly frowned.
"She'll come around," I promised.
After my conference call, we made our way through the quiet campground to the Saddle Mountain trailhead. Molly had our lunch in her day pack and we held Springer's hands between us while I wore her empty child-carrier on my back.
As we passed the information shelter, Molly and I turned our daughter loose and watched her run up the trail, her bright pink jacket clashing against the spring greenery. She'd run out of energy and ask to be carried before too long.
"You know," Molly looked at me, "maybe we ought to get married this time."
"Yeah, that seems like the thing to do," I agreed.
I took Molly's hand in mine, and together we followed Springer up the hill and into the woods.


Also, special thanks toCiaoSteve,vianyajo, andxelliebabex.