I'd like to thank you all for the reception this story has been given. Glass Houses is a retelling of my first erotic story I post years ago on another site. To the best of my knowledge that version is no longer out there, but if this seems familiar, you might have run into it back then. All mistakes are mine. All people, places and institutions are made up, this story in no way reflects reality and any similarities to it are coincidental. Enjoy.
*****
Chapter 04
I was already on the roof and done cleaning the swamp cooler out by the time Sarah showed up to help me. The newer cellulose pads might be more expensive, but they were way easier to deal with than the old aspen ones. The roofs in our area of the state are fairly flat, only having a ten degree pitch with minimal attic space because it just about never snows, and if it does we might get a couple of inches that only lasts a day. So things that dropped from the old Silver Maple tended to just lie wherever they fell. I was busy picking up the branches and twigs, while looking for any damage the larger ones might have caused when I heard Sarah calling from the bottom of the ladder.
"Up here," I hollered back, walking over to the head of the ladder with my arm load of branches. "Heads up." I told her as I dropped them on the growing pile I had already started on the ground. Then I looked at her and swallowed.
She stood at the base of the ladder, one foot on the bottom rung and leaning forward a bit, holding both sides of it about shoulder-high. The problem was, from my vantage point, I was looking right into the loose v-neck of her shirt. A perfect view of her left breast grabbing and holding my eyes.
"Hold the ladder for me Samuel," she called up, apparently not noticing my gaze. "I'm coming up to help."
Still not taking me eyes off that lovely breast and the little puffy nipple that crowned it, I took hold of the ladder top and watched as she climbed. My cock rapidly getting uncomfortable in its present position as I was treated to a shot of her other tit as well, the view getting better as she got closer. At the top of the ladder she had to step to the side to gain the roof and kind of stumbled, so I grabbed her and pulled her to me.
She ended up with her back pressed against me, clutching at my encircling arms and trembling. And as luck would have it, my arms were trapped immobile against her chest. In fact, I could feel the nipple of her right breast turn into a hard little pebble in the palm of my left hand and I had to fight my natural inclination to squeeze her warm flesh or tweak it.
It was a fear that she would feel my erection sandwiched between us that made me step back and pull her away from the edge, then gently extract myself. "Your okay," I told her, "I think I scared you worse by grabbing you than that little stumble warranted, I'm sorry."
"I'll be fine," She said, looking flushed, "I'll just sit here for a minute if you don't mind." and she sank to the roof to sit splayed out, her natural instinct telling her to use as much surface for stability as possible.
Unfortunately for my poor cramped cock. With her sitting like that, her hands flat on the roof behind her and her feet spread wide, knees bent. Her shirt was pulled tight across her chest, plainly displaying the contours of both her braless tits and the two little peaks where her nipples were. Even more unsettling was the way her skirt did little to cover the white bikini panties she wore. The tiny yellow smiley faces doing nothing to camouflage the camel toe she sported.
Fuck me. I thought, and it was all I could do to not kneel and stick my head between her thighs. To run my tongue over those panties and watch them go transparent with my saliva. To pull them aside and run the tip of it along her sweet little lips and tease her clit out from hiding. Shaking myself mentally, I forced myself to look at her face, afraid I had been too obvious. Only to see that she was doing a little staring of her own.
Biting her bottom lip, her eyes were boring a hole through my pants, and looking down I saw that my cock was focus of her gaze. That of course made it twitch for her. Trying to act like I wasn't aware of her watching, and not able to resist teasing her, I took hold of the shaft through my pants and arranged it to hang straighter down my leg, stifling a grin when she all but slammed her knees together. Turning away, I started back across the roof, needing to put some space between us before I did something I couldn't undo.
"I'm almost done up here," I called back to her, "we can't do any more with the cooler until Misty gets back with the pads. I just need to grab these last few branches and we can go back down."
She didn't say anything as I gather up the last three small limbs, and when I turned back towards the ladder I found she was on her feet, looking like she had recovered from her fright. It was too bad that little skirt she had on wasn't a plaid I thought, she'd look like a catholic school girl if it were. As it was, the smooth thighs left bare atop the long white socks were a very potent eye catcher as I walked over and tossed my burden on the pile in the yard.
"That'll do it for up here," I told her, "We might as well climb down. I think the gutters look okay, I just want to run a hose into the down spouts to make sure they're clear. Here, I'll hold the ladder for you again." and I grabbed it with my right hand, offering her my left to steady her as she got on the rungs. Then enjoyed a repeat of the show I'd had earlier as she went back down.
Joining her on the ground, I gathered an arm load of the piled branches and carried them around to the utility trailer I keep in the side yard just for the Silver Maple's gifts. I'd have to haul a load to the green waste soon.
Sarah added twigs and small limbs to the pile as I made a few more trips to transfer it to the trailer. Giving me numerous shots down her shirt or if she were facing away from me, views of her panty clad little ass. It became pretty plain that she was flashing me on purpose. I thought briefly about seeing how far she was willing to take it, but to tell the truth, while I was enjoying the show I doubted she understood that there might be consequences. And I didn't yet know where Misty and I stood at the moment, but fucking Sarah surely wouldn't help any.
Once the yard was clear of limbs, I got a hose from the shed and hooked it up. Placing the ladder next to the downspout by Sarah's end of the house, I climbed high enough to feed it into the mouth, shoving in a couple of feet.
"Turn the water on all the way." I told Sarah and holding it in place firmly I ducked as far out-of-the-way as possible, knowing I was going to most likely get wet. Sure enough, there was enough crap in there to back the water up and turn the top of the down spout into a miniature fountain. I cursed and jammed the hose in repeatedly until the blockage disappeared. Sarah laughing the whole time as I was getting drenched. But it ran clear finally and I signaled for her to cut the water off.
Climbing down, I moved the ladder to the spout by our room, and started up again.
"I wanna do this one." Sarah chirped, almost dancing at the foot of the ladder. "You hold the ladder and I'll do it."
"Who'll turn on the water for you then?" I asked, cocking an eyebrow at her antics.
"I'll just take it up already running," she told me, grinning "after all, it didn't save you from getting wet." and she ran over to turn it on.
Amused by her enthusiasm for getting wet, I climbed down and handed her the hose when she got back. "Just feed it into the spout," I started to tell her, but she rolled her eyes at me.
"I saw what you did." She assured me, "I just need you to hold the ladder." and she went up the five rungs it took to get her in position.
Having been on the receiving end of several panty flashes that afternoon, I don't know why it came as a surprise to look up and see her smiley face covered ass. But it did, maybe it was the fact that this time that ass was practically in my face. Within easy reach of my hands. I wouldn't even have had to stretch much to run my tongue up the crack of it.
It was literally a cold shower that brought me back from the edge of doing it. I had started to lean in, my mouth going dry, when a cascade of water from the hose started raining down. Breaking my momentary insanity.
Sarah squealed with laughter as she tried to both push the hose into the spout and dodge the back spray.
"Jam it in hard girl!" I hollered up to her as the water continue to drench us both, then had to brace her as it looked like she was slipping. My hand going of its own volition up to support her by grabbing her left ass cheek. I started to yank it back, the taboo nature of the contact both sending a thrill through me and making me cringe inside, but no sooner was it touching her than it seemed her weight settled against my palm, leaving me no choice in the matter.
I stood there frozen, fighting the urge to do more than just hold her in place. My cock once more gaining its full length and girth in my pants as I watched her white panties go transparent in front of my eyes. The cold water running down her legs, some of it breaking loose to form a small stream falling from the seam of the panties between her thighs.
Unable to resist, I ducked my head under it, letting it wash over my face and fill my open mouth. The idea of it touching her virgin pussy making it more precious than wine. As the water soaked more of her panties, I almost came when I saw her little asshole appear under my thumb. It was with a sick fascination that I watched my thumb push at the little red spot, unable to enter it with the cloth in the way, but feeling it dimple in under the pressure.
I honestly don't know if I could have stopped myself at that point, if Sarah hadn't jerked me out of it. I felt her weight increase in my palm as her feet seemed to slide on the wet ladder, the hose hitting the ground, I almost missed her small cry of "Catch me!" before she dropped into my desperately outflung arms.
"My hero," She breathed at me, then feigned a swoon, letting her head and arms fall dramatically limp, and placing her ripe young tits right there, the hard little nipples begging for my lips. I stared at them hungrily, the wet t-shirt doing more to display their form and contour then hide them. It was too much, lifting her I dropped my face and let my lips touch her left nipple. She jerked up in my arms and pure panic at crossing the line made me slide my mouth over, blowing a loud raspberry on the wet skin between her breasts.
With a little girl like squeal of laughter, Sarah squirmed from my arms and dropped to her knees. "Samuel!" she accused me, flushed and breathing hard, but her toothy smile lit up her face as she crossed her arms over her chest. And I couldn't help laughing at her mock indignity.
"Somebody forgot to wear a bra." I scolded, waggling my eyebrows at her, trying to cover what had happened by clowning, hoping she would let it pass as one more innocent flirtation in a day of them. Relaxing when her smile grew even brighter.
"Come on," I continued, stepping over to the faucet and shutting it off. "We both need dry cloths before we do anything else. Go get changed." and throwing my hands high, my fingers clawed like a silent movie monster, I chased her into the house, only breaking off as she slammed her bedroom door in my face, peels of laughter still coming from the far side.
I stopped in the bathroom for a couple of minutes to empty my bladder and get a towel out of the cupboard. Then went in to the bedroom to change. I'd pulled my shirt off and was towelling my hair dry, when I caught the movement outside the window. A quick glance and I saw the ladder settling back into place. Turning my back to it, I looked into the mirrored closet door that Misty had insisted we install in every room, and watched as Sarah's face came into view. Peeking through the gap at the top of the curtain.
I couldn't believe it, the little minx was actually spying on me! The surge of adrenaline this shot through my system was every bit as strong as when I had first looked through that knothole yesterday. I immediately decided that if she wanted to see me naked, I was going to give her a show. Hanging the towel around my neck, I kicked my shoes loose and undid my pants. Making sure my back was square to the window, I worked the wet pants over my ass and down my legs, taking the boxers I had on with them.
As soon as I got one leg free, I widened my stance and let my already hardening cock and balls swing free. Pulling my other leg from the wet jeans. I stayed bent over and used the towel to dry both legs, working it up into my crotch and back down, setting my cock to swinging. Then straightening and turning towards the window, drying my balls and fully erect cock as I stepped to the foot of the bed, careful not to glance up at her.
Spreading the towel out, I turned and sat on it, my feet on the floor. Then let myself fall backwards to lie there, my cock at full mast for my young voyeur to look at. Turning my head to the side, I could see her eyes in the mirror, and watched them go wider yet as I took hold of my cock and started stoking it.
***
Sarah leaned against her door, heart pounding with spent excitement. The afternoon had gone better than she could have ever imagined. Beginning when she'd called him to the top of the ladder, knowing he would see her carefully staged pose, then actually stumbling and having his hand on her breast. Her body had been charged with a breathless, wicked abandon that had taken on a life of its own. Keeping her buzzing from when he shifted his erection on the roof, to when his hand had been on her bottom.
All the thrilling little peeks she'd contrived to show him as the afternoon wore on, had seemed like mere practice as soon as she'd seen him halfway up that ladder. The idea of being in his place, of putting herself literally in his face, had made her heart pound even before she saw the water start falling around him, soaking his shirt and making it cling, the muscles of his strong back shifting as he fought with the hose.
When he'd started to do the other spout, she hadn't been able to help herself, and it had only taken a little coaxing to get her way. She'd climbed the ladder, her heart still racing, and one glance down had made her knees weak, as she'd seen him staring up her skirt. She'd longed to lower herself, to get just a little closer to him, a fear of breaking the strange tableau that had built over the course of the afternoon all that had stopped her.
Bracing herself for the shock of the cold water, she'd shoved the hose into the spout top, afraid for a second it wouldn't back up like it had with the first one. Then gasped as it had. It was a surreal feeling as the water fell on her head, adding extra weight to her hair and making the shirt cling to her breasts. The chill made her already hard nipples ache like never before. She'd felt it running down her body, wetting her panties and sliding sensually down her thighs.
Her breath coming in short gasps, she'd imagined what Samuel was seeing. Wondered if he'd realized that not all the moisture in her panties was water. Her head had actually spun for a second, and she'd felt herself sag, almost slip. Then it happened, his hand had been there or maybe it was her bottom that had found his hand, no matter how it happened, it had stolen her strength, taken her awareness of the world and dropped it into his palm, with those strong fingers that had cradled her.
Time had frozen, mere moments had stretched into an eternity as she'd waited, not knowing what to do, but desperate for something more. His touch everything, it had pulled all the day's tensions from her body, then given them back ten fold as it moved. It had been like her soul returning as she'd felt those finger squeeze her flesh, shivers running up her spine as one finger had pushed at her scandalously. The idea of such an intrusion had sent her mind fleeing.
The wave of pleasure had hit her hard, sweeping away what little control she'd had left, buckling her legs as it radiated out from his touch. She hadn't even been sure if the plea for him to catch her had made it to her lips, or just died in transit as she'd felt herself falling. Her head swimming as she'd seemed to float slowly towards the ground, only to be in his arms. She'd known they would be strong, all hero's had strong arms, She'd tried to tell him that, but the awful pleasure had pulled her back under and she had let it.
Her mind had wandered in a haze of bliss, all except the part that was connected to him, that felt his arms under her, cradling her. That part of her had been very aware of him, it had felt him lift her. Felt his lips brush her breast, felt them settle so fleetingly at her nipple. That part of her had sent a screaming counter point through her daze, shocking her from her reverie. It had consumed her body and then shattered as he'd blown a raspberry against her chest.
It had been unbearable, squealing like a little girl, her long ago trained response to such an attack had made her squirm from his grasp, outraged and thrilled at what he'd just done.
She slid her panties off now, the wet fabric cold against her still sensitive skin. Her shirt was about to follow it, when it occurred to her that he was doing this same thing. That not fifty feet from where she stood, Samuel was stripping his own wet clothes off. She longed to go throw herself at his feet, to offer herself to him. The idea both thrilled and terrified her. Would he actually want her? He had Misty after all, and from what she had witnessed, they had a very passionate marriage. So no, but maybe, having already watched him through her bedroom window, it occurred to her that if she hurried she might be able to peek at him again.
With the idea came action, she didn't know how long he would take to change. Slipping back out of the house, she made her way to his window, only to find no gap in the curtain. Disappointed, she was about to go back in, when she noticed that there was a three-inch space at the top of the window that the curtains didn't cover.
It only took a minute to move the ladder and climb high enough to see inside, and she began to shake as she saw that he was still mostly dressed. He was shirtless again, but that was all, so it seemed she had made it in time.
She clung to the rungs of the ladder, her heart pounding wildly in her chest, as he skinned the wet pants down his legs. His muscular butt was right there in front of her, naked and perfect. She could feel herself getting aroused again, getting wet, and slid a hand down there, unable to resist. Surprised to discover she was bare to the world under her skirt. The realization sending a wicked thrill through her.
Her fingers began rubbing as she watched him spread his legs, his testicles and penis just hanging there. He towelled his legs, bumping it and making it sway as she found the naughty little bump with a fingertip. She couldn't believe how handsome he was, or how wanton he was making her. When he stood and turned, his erection sticking straight out before him, the pleasure found her again, bathing her fingers in a flood of wickedness that left her weak.
A momentary fear that he would spot her died when he turned and sat on the bed. And she almost fell from the ladder a second time as he began abusing himself, his hand doing a little twist each time it engulfed the end of his penis. She watched barely breathing as it began to look wet, and she spotted the drops of moisture leaking out as his hand milked the length of it.
Absently she rubbed her t-shirt cushioned nipples against the rough ridges on the aluminum rung, while her fingers sought a deeper more urgent contact with her aching womanhood. She'd never felt such a need to have something inside her, her whole being yearned to be filled, but her path was blocked. Her finger hitting the thin wall of her virginity, probing at it, but wincing and drawing back like always.
Samuel's hand was moving faster now, a slapping noise reaching her through the glass, the extra little tricks apparently forgotten in his need to finish. She rubbed a little harder, tempted to get it over with, to jam her fingers up inside herself and fill the emptiness. She almost did it, but then Samuel's penis came alive, fountains of thick white semen falling on his chest and stomach, stealing all thought from her for a time.
She froze as she watched it happen, it was amazing, it just kept shooting out, it coated his hand and puddle at his belly button. She wanted to do that, for it to be her hand that milked his penis to such an eruption. As she thought this, she also realized she wanted it to be Samuel that took her virginity, she wanted him to fill the void inside her.
She all but fell off the ladder, her body barely functioning in its urgent need. She would go in there, she would throw herself at his feet and beg him to make her into a woman. Reaching the ground, she turned to do just that, and froze.
There, not ten feet from her, sitting on the grass holding the leash of a huge dog, was a skinny redheaded girl. With mounting embarrassment, Sarah realized the girl must have watched everything! Horrified at this thought, she ran. She couldn't face her, all other thoughts were forgotten in her need to escape. And she didn't stop until she was once more leaning against the inside of her closed bedroom door.