"I've just got one more question for you. I know you've been naked, with and for, me a little bit, but are you going to join me more often when you're not in work?" I quickly added, "It won't matter if you don't, just so long as you remain supportive of me being naked."
He didn't answer straight away but sat in thought again. I ground my lap into his groin while he cogitated – I can be so mean sometimes!
He eventually pushed me gently off his lap, stood, and stripped – then sat down again and invited me to resume my previous seat on his lap (where I also resumed my grinding).
"Yes, I think I will. I may not feel able to be as brazen as you are, but yes I will. I've enjoyed it too you know, and do feel the same liberation as you when you're naked and I really liked our trip to the pub the other night. One thing though, please will you stop that or we'll find ourselves making love in public too!"
I moved my position to allow me to suck his now erect dick into my moist and waiting pussy. "If we do it gently, I'm sure that Geraint won't notice." I whispered and started to quietly move back and forth on his lap.
Maybe because we were screwing in public, even though it was our own back garden, neither of us lasted long and we both had a slow and enjoyable orgasm as we kissed and rocked together. I remained still on his lap when we were finished and just hugged and kissed him gently.
After a few minutes, when we'd both properly recovered our equilibrium, he tapped my bottom.
"C'mon, let's go shower then we can hit the 'phones."
We showered together, occasionally kissing while we washed each other, then dried and went back downstairs.
I grabbed the 'phone and sat again on Martin's lap and dialled my Mum's telephone number.
After a few rings, my Dad answered the 'phone and I said 'Hi Dad, how are you and Mum today; are you busy?"
'Hi Gina, no, we're not really busy today, maybe a little shopping later that's all. How 'bout you guys?' came his tinny voice over the receiver.
"Is Mum with you then?" I asked.
"Yes, we're both here – is anything wrong? You sound a bit anxious" he replied.
"Well, you're right, I am a bit. Can you put the speaker 'phone on, I don't really want to do this twice."
There was a click and an echoy voice said, "OK Gina, it's on now and we're both here listening."
"OK" I said and took a deep breath, "Would you mind if Martin and I come over this afternoon, we've got something to discuss with you and would prefer to do it face to face?"
Mum's voice came next "Ooh! Are you pregnant at last? I do hope so, I'm so looking forward to being a Grandmother!"
I laughed down the 'phone and said, "No Mum, I'm not pregnant, but what we want to talk about is just as big a deal, if not bigger, so would it be OK?" I asked again.
"Well of course, you know you can come 'round anytime."
"OK, but just to warn you..." I took another big breath and Martin hugged me tighter in support "... we'll both be naked when we come over; that's what we want to discuss with you."
Dad said, "Can you say that again, I'm not sure that I heard or understood that."
I repeated myself and waited again.
Mum said now, "You're going to come here naked? I don't understand – is this some kind of stunt, or a bet or something?" I could hear a little tear in her voice – I knew my Mum well enough to know when she was out of her depth with something and she always cried when she was.
"No Mum, it's nothing like that – it all came about because of something in work a couple of weeks ago, and we want to come over to explain it all to you before you find out about our change of lifestyle the wrong way."
Mum again... "Will that be both of you, Martin too?
"Yes, Mum, both of us."
(I heard my Dad say in the background 'What the hell will the neighbours think')
"Well, I suppose so – if you must. I don't like it too much though. What time will you be coming and do you want lunch? Oh God – you don't want us to be naked too do you? – that would be just too much young lady!"
I laughed and said "No, of course not silly – this is our change, not yours – and lunch, if you can cope with us, would be great. How about in an hour, would that be OK?"
"OK, we'll see you then, Byeee" said Mum, and Dad repeated 'Byee' in the background.
I hung up the 'phone and just sat there on Martin's lap and he hugged me in close to him for support.
"That could have gone a lot worse Martin." I said. "I wonder how they'll be when we get there. Here – you're turn."
I got off him and went to get a coffee – my mouth was dry and my hands were shaking. 'Oh fuck – what have I done?' I questioned myself.
I soon resumed my seat on Martin's lap and he was having a much harder time of it than I had.
He was trying to talk and all I could hear were part words from him and shouting at the other end of the 'phone, it was his Mother yelling at him.
I held out my hand, offering to take the 'phone from him as I could see he was getting to the point where he would be shouting back – and that just wouldn't do anyone any good.
"Martin, let me speak to her" I said quietly.
Reluctantly, he handed the 'phone to me and when I put it to my ear I could hear his Mum having a right rant.
"Hi Jennifer, this is Gina, Martin had to pop off for a moment; sorry."
"Gina, I hope you're going to talk some sense into that boy of yours, it doesn't seem that I can – what's he on about wanting to come running home naked?"
"Jennifer, he's at home now; he, that is we, want to come and discuss with you our change of lifestyle before you hear about it in the wrong way. It's much better for us to tell you ourselves and when we have we can discuss it together in an adult and rational manner."
Still in a state of some anxiety, she replied, "What is rational about running around in public naked as the day you were born – it's perverted and you'll get arrested both of you. What the hell is all this – I just can't make any of it out..."
I cut her tirade off, "Jennifer, getting all worked up before you know the facts is not going to get any of us anywhere – Martin and I have decided to change the way we live, despite the difficulties that may arise out of it, and out of courtesy to you and Ralph, we'd like to tell you about it ourselves. We'll be around at about 4 O'Clock and when we come we'll be naked. Is that OK with you."
"Well! I've never heard you be so rude before – you make it sound like I don't have a say in all this?"
"Can you hold just a moment please Jennifer." and I put my hand over the mouthpiece of the 'phone.
"Martin, snapshot answer – how do you feel about continuing with this if your family don't accept us?"
"Snapshot – it's our life now and we've got to live it how we feel right for us – if they don't agree I'm sure we'll manage just fine!"
"Jennifer, thanks for that – and to answer your question, you don't have too much choice – we have to live our lives the way we see fit and if you can't accept that and support us that would be a sad thing for us all. So, we'll see you late afternoon as I previously said."
"I can't wait young lady – and I'll have a few choice things to say myself." and she put the 'phone down.
I too, with a shaking hand, replaced the receiver to it's charging cradle.
I eventually turned to face Martin and, with hanging head, said, "Sorry Martin – maybe things could have gone smoother than that – I thought she would talk more openly with me, her being a woman too. I hope it will be OK, I couldn't forgive myself if she doesn't talk to us again." and, despite my earlier bravado with Jennifer, I burst into tears.
Martin took me in his arms and hugged me while I sobbed.
"Gina, what you said was exactly right – this is our life – we've made our choice, we've discussed what we want to do with our lives, and we've agreed. Yes, it would be a sad thing not to have my parents in our lives, but it would be a devastating thing for our relationship if we changed our minds because of them. We wouldn't survive that Darling, I'd feel guilty about curtailing your dreams for us after agreeing to them and you would moulder away at what could have been – and we'd end up hating each other – so you've done exactly the right thing. We decided this morning what we want out of life together – and to survive we have to stick to our guns. I told you I love you – and that is unconditional – I always shall and no matter what – I'll be right behind you every step of the way."
I looked up at him and he dried the tears from my eyes.
"How is it that you always say the right things to me?"
"Because I love you, and as I said, I'll always be right behind you: (he smiled then) besides, with you running around 'butt' naked, no matter how good you look from the front, that ass is something to die for!"
I slapped his arm and reached up to kiss him again.
Instead of the light gentle kiss I'd expected, Martin drove his tongue into my mouth and held me close to him, his hands caressing my buttocks, and he mumbled "I love you darling – and I always will."
He eventually, and breathlessly, put me down again and, after a moment to collect my thoughts, I said, "We'd better get cleaned up to go to Mum's then Darling – and I love you too – more than you can possibly know.
I kissed him softly and hugged him to me.
"Come on, let's clean up and go to my Mum's house.
Thirty five minutes later, it was only a ten minute drive to Mum's house, we pulled up at the kerb of the terraced Council house where I grew up. In the next door garden Mr. Havers was trimming his privet hedge, but other than that the street was empty, although the lounge windows of the houses faced the street so there was no telling how many people may see us walking across the road (all the cars in the street parked on one side to allow other cars to continue using the street) and down the footpath to the front door.
Martin took my hand and asked, "Ready Gina?"
I lifted his hand to my mouth and kissed it, smiled at him and replied, "Martin, I think this is the biggest thing I've ever done in my life, and the last few weeks has seen me do big things and live through them, so yes Darling, I'm ready if you are!"
He in turn kissed my hand and he reached for the door handle of the car and, as equally naked as I, he opened the door and stepped out with me following in turn, walking around the car to him and taking his hand as he stood in the street waiting for me.
As soon as he saw us, Mr. Havers stopped his hedge clipper, his mouth dropped open and he stared at us. As we reached Mum's gate he asked, "Haven't you forgotten something Gina?"
"No, Mr. Havers; we haven't forgotten anything at all thank you. Your hedge is coming along nicely this year isn't it." I replied as we walked up the path to the house.
I tapped on the door and pushed it open, "Mum, Hi, it's only us." and Martin shut the door behind us.
Both Mum and Dad stepped into the hall from the kitchen, which was at the back of the house so they didn't see us coming, and my Dad blushed to the roots of his hair. As was usual for us, I hugged him and kissed his cheek and if anything it made his blush worse. I kissed my Mum's cheek too and asked if we could have a coffee and a chat.
Showing us into the lounge she then went out to the kitchen and Dad followed her. I could vaguely hear them talking as the cups rattled and the kettle boiled.
I took Martin's hand; it was shaking.
I kissed his cheek and said, "Don't worry Darling, it'll all be OK; promise!"
Mum and Dad came back into the lounge with a tray of cups, offered each of us one and then they sat down too.
"Well," asked Dad, "What's all this about then Gina."
I proceeded to tell them about Naked Friday and all that had happened, including my now working naked every day and travelling back and forth to work on the bus most days, again naked. Surprisingly, it took a lot longer to tell than I thought, when I'd finished about twenty minutes had passed.
"I really don't know what to think about it." Mum eventually said. "How is it, having been so brazenly and publicly naked so much, that you haven't been arrested yet?"
"We've been careful about where and when we go to start with, but that hasn't stopped us carrying out our normal day-to-day activities, at least not yet, and if anyone asks about why I'm naked I just tell them openly and honestly why, and how good it feels. Martin doesn't go to work naked and he hasn't come shopping naked, at least not yet, but it does seem to be different for men. We've discussed the implications of getting into trouble with the Law and we're prepared to accept that we may well do. Fortunately though, I met a Barrister the other day when we were out on site who's wife said that they would come to our assistance and represent us if, or I suppose when, we do get into trouble."
There was a silence for a few more seconds than was comfortable so I continued, "Look Mum, Dad; we're not doing this to cause anyone any embarrassment, or to shock anyone or make any type of statement. During the week preceding Naked Friday when I was practising for it, I found that I was quite happy being naked, wasn't shy or ashamed of it, and loved making new friends because of it. I've loved too the way that the office atmosphere has changed for the better and how accepting of you people can be if only you're upfront and honest with them. We're just hoping that you can be accepting of us too."
Dad was the first to speak - "Martin, what do you really think about this, because it seems as though Gina is the driving force in this thing and you're following along behind her – don't you care about what people will say about you?"
"Dad, Gina has opened my eyes over the last few weeks and she hasn't pressed me in any way. We've discussed everything that's happened, agreed that this is what we want, and I do want to do more in supporting Gina by going naked more often, and she's right too that it's a very liberating experience... I love your daughter, she is the most grounded sensible person I think I've ever known, and even in this she's considered the consequences of everything she, and we, have done beforehand and we've discussed it and agreed together to do what we're doing – and we wholly support each other – that's what we promised when we married; and that is what we're doing."
I squeezed his hand and glowed, I'm sure, with pride as once again he had said the most perfect thing.
Mum asked, almost in a whisper, as if to deny the question before it had been spoken, "Don't you get embarrassed about strangers seeing your most private parts?"
This was good, Mum was asking the right questions now.
"No, Mum, I don't. As I see it, there are two types of human, Male and Female. Half of us has the attributes I have and half the attributes of Martin, so we either have the same thing or we've seen the other at some time or other, and that includes kids too if you think about it, so why should the sight of a naked body be such an awful thing? Let's be fair, you've seen Dad naked and he's seen you naked too, so there's nothing different about us being naked other than the differences that are found in each other's faces – we're just being honest about it."
Again, they both appeared to be thinking to themselves about what they'd heard.
I stood up and dragged Martin with me, picked up the now empty cups and asked, "Another coffee anyone?"
Mum and Dad said, rather remotely, 'Yes please' and Martin and I left them to their deliberations, closing the lounge door behind us as we went.
I put the kettle on to boil and washed and dried the cups. I could still hear them talking so took Martin's hand and went out to the back garden, taking a seat at the picnic table with Martin opposite me.
"That seemed to go better than I'd expected." Martin said.
"Yes, I agree, it must be that 'open and honest' thing again. We held hands and just enjoyed the sunshine for a while and then Dad came out of the back door with the tray of cups. He, followed by Mum, came and sat at the table, him next to me and Mum next to Martin.
Dad gave each of us a cup and said, "You both seem to have given this a lot of thought and consideration – you've plainly talked it all through and have decided that this is how you're going to live from now on." he paused for a moment, then continued... "We've talked and decided that it's not something we agree with, nor something we endorse, but we do love you – both – and if this is how you want to live then we must allow; no, not allow, sorry; accept that and support you in your decision.
I turned in my seat and gave Dad a huge hug, and Martin did the same to my Mum, who 'whooped' in embarrassment, then I got up and hugged Mum too.
"Thank you both – you've been so kind about all this – and this is exactly the kind of responses I was telling you about when being open and honest about what we're doing. I knew you'd be OK about it all – and we love you both too."
The atmosphere became much lighter after that and we chatted generally about all sorts of things. Eventually though, it was time to go and get lunch before facing the expected tirade at Martin's parents.
I asked Mum if she wanted help with preparing lunch and she said yes, so while we went off to do just that we left Dad and Martin chatting about Martin's work in the garden.
When lunch was ready we ate in the garden, noting that Mr. and Mrs. Havers spent some time in their garden too, where they could clearly see us in all our naked glory. I was surprised that their attentions made me quite aroused and my pussy, while not gushing, was quite damp as a result. Did I mention that I like being seen naked? I'm sure I must have!
As we were eating our lunch, the talk turned to our forthcoming visit to Martin's parents house and how hostile they had been on the 'phone this morning. I didn't really expect any kind of sympathy from Mum, rather I expected her in particular (Dad was always more easy going than Mum) to be quite on the side of Martin's parents, but quite out of character she asked if it would help if they joined us on the visit to lend some support. I looked at Martin to answer that one for me, but thought it might be a good idea to have, surprisingly, an ally or two.
Martin agreed saying, "Thank you Janet, your support would be most welcome, and I'm grateful for it, both of you."
Mum and I left the table as I offered to do the washing up after lunch and she tagged along to help. While at the sink she asked...
"Gina, tell me, now that we're on our own, are you certain that this isn't something Martin is forcing you into?"
"Oh Mum! How could you think that. Didn't you bring me up to have a mind of my own and not to bow to pressure from someone else? Of course he didn't – in fact, it's a bit the other way. When the Naked Friday project was announced it was me that wanted to do it – and its me who's really led this all the way, with Martin's opinion being taken into account of course. I couldn't have done this without his unbridled support and now that I have, I've become accustomed to being nude all the time: it works for me and Martin, and it's good for my work too. I've never enjoyed anything so much: so please, Martin's been so supportive of what I've asked for us to do and now he too is feeling the same freedom that I did when I went naked that first night. We've never been happier Mum, and I hope you can be at least half as supporting as Martin has been – neither of us want to fall out with you over this – but it's something that we've just got to do – for the foreseeable future anyway."
"OK then... So, what's it like being naked around other people; like, do you feel embarrassed at all?"
I laughed a little and replied, "No, Mum. I don't feel embarrassed at all – quite the contrary, I feel invigorated, free and happy, and the couple of times I have worn any clothes over the last few weeks I've felt exactly the opposite – constricted, unhappy and feeling that I have to comply with a pretty much outdated attitude towards our own bodies. Just think of it Mum, if we all didn't wear clothes, think how few overweight people we'd see on the streets – it would be good for the Country's health and bank balance!"
"So long as your not being coerced I suppose that it'll be OK with us then. And I suppose your right about the overweight problem blighting the country, so long as it didn't go too far the other way – after all we don't want to see walking skeletons either."
We both laughed and I turned and hugged her.
"You know, the only way you'd understand it all is if you tried it, even if it was just in private, you know, you and Dad."
"Who'd want to see an old saggy body like mine, or your Dad's for that matter?"
"Well, it's not really about what you look like, despite my comment about weight which is that overweight persons problem, it's about how you feel – and nothing feels quite like this – it's just so... down right bloody exciting and invigorating, and Martin and I have never been closer to each other than we are since this nudist thing started."
"There is another word for what you're doing you know – it's called Exhibitionism!"
"Mum, I don't care what anyone else calls it – I just know that this is what Martin and I have been missing – wild horses couldn't drive a wedge between us now, that's how close and comfortable we are together."
Again, Mum hugged me, wished me well and said that she was glad for us (this morning I'd never have believed that) and said, "Go get your Dad, we have to change if we're coming with you."
I kissed her cheek and went out back to tell Dad to shift himself or he'd be in trouble with Mum, and sat on Martin's lap while Dad shrugged his shoulders, kissed me on the cheek and went indoors.
As soon as he was gone, I relayed what Mum and I had talked about to Martin. When I'd finished, he said, "Your Dad was very supportive too. He said that it was our life and we had to live it how we felt fit, so long as it was legal. I said this wasn't really legal but that we'd considered it and would take our chances.
He agreed that it did have an element of danger about it legally but at least we seemed to have good Council sorted out for ourselves. He also said that, seeing how happy we are with what we're doing, maybe he should have done something like that himself; 'Too old now!' he'd said. I said you were never too old, just too stuck in the norms of society that are a little out of date, to my mind anyway."
I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him gently on the lips. When they were free again, I said... "I do love you so Martin."
He kissed me again and then, the cheeky sod, ran his finger up and down my moist and readily available pussy. I almost came when he did that and hadn't realised how aroused I'd become.
Playfully, just in case we were seen or I couldn't stop myself from jumping him right there and then, I slapped his hand away whispering, "Stop, we can't do that now – wait 'till later and I'll jump all over you – and put that man away too – Mum won't appreciate it!" referring to his rapidly hardening Member that I could feel against my bum! I sat down next to him and we waited for Mum and Dad to get ready.
They came down about fifteen minutes later and asked if we were ready to go. Timing was good, it was now about 3:15, and we would be a little earlier at Martin's parents than we'd agreed to.
So, off we went to the car, Martin driving and Dad sat in front with him while Mum and I got in the back. We continued to chat as we made our way to Martin's parents house – a much more lavish property with it's own driveway and secluded gardens not visible to any other houses or the road, so no nosy neighbours to worry about this time.
Martin and Dad were chatting away about work in the front, so Mum and I had a chance to chat together too.
"You went on holidays to France and Spain in the 70's and early 80's didn't you Mum?" I asked, knowing they had because there were pictures in her 'photo album at home showing them there.
"Yes Darling, you know we did, why?"
"Well, did you never go topless on the beaches there? I know that they are much freer over there, especially at that time, well, the Brits anyway – the Germans don't ever seem to care who sees them naked do they."
"Hmmm, I was hoping that wouldn't come up when you told us about your desire to be naked as much as possible. Yes, I did – once or twice – why d'you ask?"
"Well, when we were talking earlier you didn't mention it and even asked what it was like to be naked around other people and that you didn't agree with what we're doing?"
"That's why I was hoping that question wouldn't come up – it makes us sound like hypocrites, having gone topless myself in my youth which, since you've asked, I did enjoy – and I can sort of understand the enjoyment you get out of it – but times have changed and, if you hadn't noticed, this is Britain – not Spain or France where it appears to be accepted at the beach resorts at least."
"Well, would you do it again if you went out there on holiday?" I asked.
"Oh! No – not at my time of life – gosh, I'm 52 now Darling – who'd want to see me topless, let alone naked!"
"Mum, I said before – it's not about how you look – it's about how you feel: besides, you've still got a good shapely body so why shouldn't you go topless or even naked for that matter?"
She didn't answer, and seemed to be thinking that over in her own way.
Eventually, she said, "I'll have to give that idea some thought and speak to Dad about it – I know I used to enjoy going on holiday for the freedom that a fortnight's hol's brought and loved going topless back then."
I laughed and said, "Go on Mum, try it in the back garden when you're doing the gardening or hanging out washing or something – so long as you're doing something that will keep your mind off actually being naked!"
"I thought just topless first Darling – don't let's run away with ourselves here – not yet anyway."
Martin turned into his Mum's drive then and parked alongside their car in the driveway. We all got out and I knocked on the front door, opened it and went in.
Martin called out, "Hi Mum, Dad – where are you?"
It was a very large house, 5 bedrooms, two en-suite, a massive bathroom, huge kitchen with white goods room to the side, a lounge, dining room, study and library with 3/4's acre ground to the back complete with heated pool – I wished I could be so lucky one day to have half the house theirs was.
Ralph appeared through the lounge door and just stood and stared at us.
"Hi Dad, where's Mum?" Martin asked.
"Hi Ralph" I said before he could speak and Mum & Dad said hello too.
"Good God girl! I didn't expect you to bring Janet and Harry with you too – and Mum's upstairs laying on the bed – she doesn't feel well after your telephone call this morning and I can quite understand why. Why, I've never heard the like of this before – what on earth is going on here Son?" he asked of Martin.
Before Martin could answer, Mum went and kissed Ralph's cheek – it's something the hoy-poloy (upper class folk) do in Britain and Mum was just being Mum and respecting his ways of doing things.
"Lovely day Ralph, I thought you'd be out back enjoying the weather and your pool. Maybe I should pop up and see Jennifer yes?" said Mum, heading for the stairs without waiting for an answer. I loved my Mum – she always seemed to know just how to handle any situation.
Martin took Ralph's arm and led him back into the lounge followed by me and Dad. Ralph sat down and Dad went over, shook his hand and said, "G'day to you too Ralph." in a really sarcastic manner that I don't think I'd ever heard Dad use before, before taking a seat himself.
Anyway, to cut a long story and all that, Martin went through the usual spiel about what we'd done, and about our decision to carry on with what we were doing for the foreseeable future.
"Well, I can't understand what's driving this, this – thing – with you, but we've had a chat about it all and we've decided that, unless you dress appropriately in future you won't be welcome here any more."
"Ralph," Dad said, "That's a little harsh isn't it – you've not even given these young ones a chance here have you – you've made your decision without even hearing what they've got to say for themselves and clearly you aren't basing any decision on that saying."
Ralph started to splutter in outrage at the cheek of it, but Dad wouldn't let it go...
"Don't you remember when you were a youth – breaking away from your own parents to forge your way in life – do you think that everything you did was in keeping with your parent's way of doing things – life moves on Ralph – you can't expect every generation to behave in the manner in which you have – and life moves on especially quickly nowadays – don't you think? I mean, in our time of life at their age computers were dirty great things that took up whole floors of office blocks and here we are with a thousand times more computing power in our pockets these days – come on – give the youngsters their head here, and a little support just as I expect your and my parents did with us."
Well – I just stood there with my mouth wide open – I didn't know what to think – what to say or who to look at, and Ralph looked a little shell shocked too.
I felt Martin's hand close around mine and I slowly came back to reality – did my Dad just say all those things? By God he did – but I'm damned if I know where it all came from – go Daddy I thought. I'd never look at him in the same light again, I knew that!
Oddly, I was suddenly very aware of the state of my pussy – it was sopping wet – was it Dad's speech that did it or the way I'd suddenly noticed just how Ralph was looking at me – despite his protestations.
"Ummm – I'll go put the kettle on Dad. Would you like to help?" Martin asked him.
"Harumphhh, I suppose so – take a seat, we won't be long. I'll bring drinks in on a tray." and Ralph duly followed Martin into the kitchen.
"You OK Gina?" Dad asked.
"I was Daddy – until you made that speech out there! Where did all that come from?" I asked, bemused still by what he'd said.
"Darling, I grew up with fatheads like that lording it over everyone – I didn't stand for it then, which didn't do me any favours I have to say, so I'm damned if I'm going to stand for it now; and I don't care who it is – I don't cow-tow to anybody – ever!" he replied.
"Wow Dad, I never knew – but I've learned a lesson today maybe – I'm so proud of you Daddy." and I went and gave him a kiss.
"Darling, I didn't go to public school like that oaf out there, I had to work bloody hard through Grammar school and work to pay my way through college after that – and I'll tell you now, I know enough about Ralph to say I could out-work, out-think and out-run him in anything – he's got all this due to class privilege and belonging to the Masons, and he is a Mason, despite how much he may deny it, so he can come over all he likes with his hoy-poloy attitude – it don't cut any ice with me the little silver spooned upstart!" he said.
Now I was beginning to understand a lot more about myself than I ever had before. "Daddy – thank you so much – that answers so many questions I've been asking myself over the last few weeks. I understand myself so much better now."
"You're welcome Darling, and be sure I'll always be there when you need me – no matter what you do."
I got up, walked over to him, sat on his lap forcing him to put his arms around my waist, and kissed him on the lips. "Thank you Daddy." I didn't move from his lap and was still there when Martin and Ralph re-appeared with a tray of cups and tea cakes, as befits 'afternoon tea' for the middle/upper classes in Britain.
Dads hand had dropped to my hip by this time and one finger gently drew circles on it, which did nothing to slow the rate of dribbling from my pus! Oh! Come on – I'd been wound up all day and now I was sitting in a man's lap, feeling his semi-erect penis on my thigh and he was tickling my hip – did it make a difference if it was my Dad – I'm afraid not!
"Dad, stop that pleeease – I'm going to orgasm if you keep that up!" I whispered. I didn't know how I could be that intimate with him, but I had to or embarrass both of us.
He took his hand away and whispered back, "Sorry Darling, didn't realise what I was doing." and stopped moving his finger. He left his hand where it was for a moment longer, only moving it when I moved to get up and allow him to take the tea cup Ralph was offering him.
I excused myself to go use the 'cloakroom', where I went to try and dry my puss. That didn't quite work though for, as soon as I touched myself to dry up, I orgasmed in a warm, gentle glow of pent up emotion that had been quietly building all day so far. Once I'd done and returned to some sort of acceptable equilibrium, I managed to wash and dry my pussy and return to the lounge, where I took station sitting next to Martin on the leather sofa.
Damn! those things are cold against your bum!
Ralph was remonstrating with Martin and berating him for his actions, especially for shocking 'your Ma-Ma' so much that she'd 'taken to her bed'.
What was this for God's sake – Pride & Prejudice! – this is the 21st Century – not the 19th!
Eventually, I'd had enough and I could see Dad getting a little red in the face too.
"OK Ralph – I get you don't agree with the lifestyle we've chosen for ourselves, and yes, I respect the fact that this is not something that you can support – well for your information, I can't support your way of life either – never have – never could – you belong in a period drama on the television man.
Well, Martin and I have discussed this, we've considered all the pro's and con's of the matter and made our decision. Nothing that you or Jennifer can say will change our minds now – we're set on our course and intend to pursue it. Should you and Jennifer ever change your minds, you know where we are." I said with a finality I hoped would change his demeanour.
"How dare you young lady..." Ralph started to splutter but was cut off by Martin saying...
"She dares because she is my wife, a wife I've agreed to stand by come what may, a wife who's remained loyal to me and to whom I've been equally loyal – a lesson maybe you and Mater should learn – so don't you dare talk to her like that – Mater may take your tongue, but me and mine most certainly won't.
Turning away from him, Martin asked if I'd go get Janet and we'd all make our way home.
I went upstairs and tapped on Jennifer's bedroom door and, without waiting for a reply, opened it, walked in and turned to face her and Mum.
"Martin's ready to leave now Mum, let's go – we're achieving nothing here."
"Oh! And I thought we were getting on so well with our discussion too. Never mind, I'll telephone you later on Jennifer, if that's OK with you?"
"Hello Gina, nice to see you. Yes Janet, please do. I'd like to know more please. Bye then Gina, and say 'bye to Martin for me too please. I'll maybe talk to him later on the telephone."
Mum got up and I followed her out of the bedroom, quietly shutting the door behind me.
Half way down the stairs Mum stopped me and enquired what had happened to precipitate our hurried exit.
"Ralph started to lecture Martin, and I'm not having that, so I told him in no uncertain terms what I thought of him and his disingenuous attitude towards us."
"That's a shame, I was making some good progress on your behalf with Jennifer – never mind, all's not lost if she wants to know more – I'll smooth things over later on when I talk to her on the 'phone."
"I thought she seemed relaxed about how I'm dressed, or not dressed as it were, but you don't need to do that on my behalf, and I doubt that Martin would want you to either. Ralph is just being his usual bullying self and I think, finally, Martin's had enough of that kind of attitude from him." I replied.
"Well, let's leave it now, I'll see what happens later on. Come on, let's get off home."
Dad and Martin were waiting for us in the hallway when we finally came down and Ralph was still spluttering away in his studies doorway; to no effect I might add.
Without another word from either Martin, me or Dad, we opened the door and the only parting remark was from Mum who only said 'Bye Ralph, I suspect Jennifer may like a word with you."
Piling into the car, Martin angrily gunned the engine and left tyre marks in the driveway as he pulled away.
I put my hand on his knee and whispered, "Calm down Martin, we can't afford a wreck dressed as we are, and besides, they're not worth it, well, your Dad at least."
He put his hand on mine and quickly looked at me. I smiled and blew him a kiss, "I love you Martin, and thank you so much for standing up for me against your father."
Nothing else was said until we pulled up outside Mum & Dad's house again, when Mum asked if we were coming in for a coffee and a chance to calm down a little. I agreed for both of us, something I didn't usually do but in the circumstances, I wanted a chance to calm Martin's anger before we went home.
We all got out of the car and I noted more than a few curtains twitching – clearly the jungle drums had been working. Nevertheless, head held high I walked across the road holding Martin's hand and we piled into Mum's house.
"Pop out the back all of you while I make us a nice strong coffee, I think we all need it!" Mum said, so that's just what we did.
"That was a bit of a mouth-full Gina, I didn't realise you had it in you – but well done Darling – Ralph quite deserved that in my opinion." Dad stated.
"I agree wholeheartedly." Martin added, continuing, "No one is going to talk to Gina like that and get away with it. We're happy to answer any questions, but we're not going to be preached to by anyone."
His anger was subsiding now though, so I was pleased with that.
Mum came out shortly afterwards with the coffee and sat beside Dad.
"My chat with Jennifer seems to have been much more productive than yours with Ralph. She said that it wasn't something she felt comfortable with, and would prefer you to wear clothes when you visit, but she didn't deny your right to live your lives as you see fit and was quite interested in both your experiences and, although I'm a little sorry to say it Dad, (she always called my Dad 'Dad' – don't quite know why) I told her about our early holidays abroad. She did seem to be coming to terms with this change in you both. I felt too that there was something that she wasn't telling me and that it involved something rather seedy in their past. I'll chase that up later though."
"Mum," said Martin, "I wish you wouldn't – I know a little of it and it's not easily digestible if half of what I gather they, or rather Dad and the Masons, got up to with Mum and what he made her do."
"Do you think we could talk about something else now please? Your garden is looking especially good this year Mum, it's a credit to you." I said before the conversation got more complicated again.
"Lots of watering this year though, let's be fair, it's been a glorious summer so far, and I hope, for your sake Gina, that it continues so that you can fulfil your dreams."
We chatted about all sorts during the next half hour while we finished our drinks and then it was time to go home.
Martin got up first, thanking Mum & Dad for their understanding and their support for us; I kissed them both goodbye and we went through the house to the front door and on to the car. We waved as we pulled away and Mum blew me a kiss. We travelled home in silence, parked the car and went into the house.
I had been on the edge of yet another orgasm ever since sitting on Dad's lap and his stroking of my hip – I can't explain why, I mean I've never felt anything sexual towards my Dad, but something had got me going and it had continued all afternoon thereafter.
I shut the door behind me and grabbed Martin's shoulder, laid back on the stairs and said, "Make love to me Martin – pleeease?"
He looked at me quizzically, smiled and said, "You'll have to do something about him (pointing to his flacid member) first – strangely I don't feel at all sexual right now."
He pulled me up off the stairs and planted a kiss on my mouth which I hungrily accepted by pushing my tongue into his mouth and, taking his dick in my hand I started to tickle the underside of it.
That worked, as always, and in no time he was on top of me on the stairs, slowly stroking back and forth into my more than welcoming pussy. I came in no time and felt a little uncomfortable on the stairs, so I pushed him up and finished him off with my mouth, my fingernails making little circles around his bum and hips. He was about to cum and, as usual, started to pull away from my mouth (I'd never really liked him cuming in my mouth) but this time I grabbed him and pulled him back, keeping on sucking until he exploded in my mouth and shot his cum right down my throat. I swallowed the lot and then cleaned him up with my tongue and lips, then reached up and kissed his lips again.
"Thank you Darling, I so needed that!" I said.
"What brought that on, Love. I didn't think you'd be that sexually charged given the day we've had?"
"Darling, don't get mad, but it was Dad! When I was sitting on his lap, and I don't think he was doing it on purpose because it's something he always used to do when I was younger, he was making little circles on my hip with his fingers; and it really turned me on. It hasn't gone away all afternoon, which is as much a surprise to me as it clearly is to you, but I just needed release from the pent-up sexual arousal that he made me feel."
"Hmmm," he smiled, "That's a talk we might have later on – at least it was me who was the lucky recipient of what he'd done though!"
"Darling – it always will be – I don't want anyone else and I can't explain why or exactly what happened with Dad – do you think we can forget it happened please, not that I wouldn't have told you about it though, 'cause I would have."
"Of course, but if anything like that happens again, you will tell me won't you?"
"Martin, always – I'll always tell you everything that happens and how it's made me feel – after all, there's nothing we can't share any more, is there." and I reached up and kissed him, hard, again holding on afterwards and smothering his chest with little brushing kisses.
Eventually, I went to the kitchen and started on our dinner while Martin watched a little football on the television.
We went to bed early and snuggled up together to sleep, just enjoying the closeness of each other in our bed, in our home; our domain; where we could forget the world and live as we wished to.