Mirabelle is excited as she has reached the age of 21. Free and independent, she grins looking at the new house she bought. Its very adorable in terms of French Classic and the view is great. There is even a lovely series of shops and she already loved the coffee cafe.
After entering the home and putting her things away, Mirabelle decides to relax and remove her clothes. After undressing, she walks around nude and aroused, her huge sexy breasts bounce with hot nipples perked and she rubbed her hot pussy slowly.
Mirabelle is moaning as she orgasms from fingering her hot wet pussy and senses she is being watched. She stands up, still naked and looks around curiously.
"Huh I thought I saw a beautiful neighbor eyeing me, maybe I should check them out", she nods to herself, not bothering to dress up. Mirabelle immediately heads towards the house in front of her. She sees the hot neighbor looking at her with desire. Said hot lady is shy when she sees her, but tells her that her name is Alessa.
She is dressed up in a cute bike outfit which Alessa slowly removes, showing Mirabelle her huge sexy breasts and cute pussy. The both of them get to know each other and after a few hours decide to get intimate. Alessa makes her move and kisses Mirabelle softly while fondling her breasts, making her moan. They both make love for a few hours and oragasm a lot. Afterwards they head out to a secluded lunch spot and eat while chatting. As they are both still naked, they continue making love again.
Alessa pov :Oooh she is so hot it makes me melt. I love feeling their skin against mine. Our jucies mixing up gets me excited. I debate on mentioning a private getaway that I want to visit. Perhaps another time I will tell Mirabelle.
Alessa moans as Mirabelle kisses her a lot and love bites her neck. The two lovebirds continue on their merry way, heading back to Mirabelle's place. As they look up, they see the stars and feel the warm breeze.
As they both head inside, another hot lady is slowly walking by, her eyes taking on the sight of the feast before her. Her name is Tara and she had moved to the neighborhood for a fresh start after university. She found herself in this place after looking around for a new home. Once she had settled in, she went for a walk. The breeze felt wonderful and she chose to wear a mini peach colored summer dress. It showed the top of her huge sexy breasts and parts of that hot pussy of hers. As soon as Tara saw the two beauties, she fell hard for them. They were teasing her with those hot bodies she wanted to taste.
Tara immediately knocks on the door and both open the door to her, "Hi there sweeties, my name is Tara. I am new to this place and I want to get to know you so badly." They look at her gorgeous body covered slightly and nod. As soon as Tara gets inside, they both slowly ease her out of the dress and start kissing Tara from her neck towards her pussy. Tara moaned as she gets aroused when Mirabelle licked her vuvla and nibbles her pussy, while Alessa kisses her breasts and deeply kisses her lips.
All three end up in the bedroom and make out for a couple hours, taking turns orgasming. Alessa enjoyed hearing Tara gasp as she sucks her nipples slowly. They all relax after that with some music and nuzzling.
Once nighttime hits, Tara heads out, dressed in a coat after waving farewell to her new lovers. She smiled to herself as she heads to her home for some erotic reads. Completely unaware that a suductive stranger is watching her every move.
Allure is watching her next goal enter her home from the shadows. Allure is wearing only a light workout outfit and no undergarment. Her large heavy breasts heave with excitement and her pussy is touched by the winds. "She looks so hot, tomorrow I will speak to her".
The next day, Allure heads over to Tara's place and knocks the door. Tara hears the sound of a knock and opened the door. She sees the beauty before her, dressed in a soft long t shirt and shoes. She introduces herself and Tara does the same. As they talk, they find common ground and then Allure coos as she removed her shirt. She exposes her huge hot breasts and pussy to Tara.
Tara is full of desire and decides to kiss Allure who complies moaning while rubbing Tara. Tara mewls as she quickly undresses and the two make out on the table in her kitchen.
Tara cooed at Allure who rubs her huge breasts on her. They both move at the same time while moaning.