"I'm live streaming this Lacy."
I see the terror in your eyes.
"Don't worry, anyone who might be watching won't know you. And if by some wild chance there is someone watching who does recognize you, you don't need to worry, they won't tell anyone. They'll keep it to themself. Porn is a private endeavor, no one shares what they watch, not the really deep and dark stuff."
I set up the camera on a tripod. I open up my feed online where I'm authorized to go live. I go live as a woman. I post a photo of you, the black and white one where you're laying on your bed with your legs up in the air, a close-up of your face. Before I'm even live, five people are trying to enter the room.
Live:
"Undress."
I'm out of frame, behind the camera.
"Lay down on the bed, spread your legs and touch your pussy. Just tease yourself, nothing too aggressive. Tease. You have 12 viewers by the way. Look into the camera. Tell everyone what you are."
"I'm a slut."
"Louder, they didn't hear you Lacy."
"I'm a slut," this time it's loud and I let a small laugh slip out.
I go to your closet and pick out a spaghetti strap pink chemise. I grab a pair of heels, black leather straps and a 3 inch heel. In your chest of drawers I find your panty drawer. I touch every pair, open them up and smell them, handle them, open them. I choose a pink Vanity Fair full-bottom nylon pair that look relatively new, they still have that sheen on them. They feel like silk.
In your hosiery drawer I follow the same procedure until finding a pair of very expensive Wolford stay-up thigh highs. They are micro fishnet, black and in perfect condition. You take care of your lingerie.
"Stop touching yourself slut. Tell me, what are you?"
"I'm a slut."
"What else?"
"I like pussy. I like cock. I want men and women to watch me. I like to show strangers what a good slutty whore I can be."
"Wow, good girl. I didn't expect that right out of the gate like that, but I'm glad to see you accepting and admitting what you really want. Now stand up at the foot of the bed."
I walk up to you. I trace fingertips along your arms at the same time positioning you the way I want. I face you directly toward the camera. I use my strength in subtle ways so you understand to keep your arms at your side and your chin up and your eyes looking into the camera.
"Tell everyone, 'I am a whore. I want as many people as possible to watch me. I love showing men and women and transgendered who I am.' "
You repeat it exactly, "I am a whore. I want as many people as possible to watch me. I love showing men and women and transgendered who I am."
I am tracing fingertips over your body. I stop and squeeze your tits, pinch your nipples and push them together. I run a hand down your back turning you so the camera can see me slip it into your ass crack. I slide my other hand up to the back of your neck and force your head down and bend you forward. I use the hand that's been sliding between your smoothly shaven ass crack and indicate that you should spread your legs. You use your arms to support yourself on the vanity at the foot of your bed.
You can see the laptop. you can see yourself on camera. your ass is open and facing the camera. Your legs are spread and you are bent over leaning on the vanity. My hand is sliding up and down your asshole and along your smooth pussy. I'm gently tapping your pussy and asshole with the tips of my finger and you see your own ass bouncing and jiggling with each tap you feel.
My other hand is caressing the small of your back and moving up and down your spine, up to the back of your neck and base of your skull and down to the small of your back.
One hand tapping, one hand rubbing. The taps grow increasingly stronger transitioning into spankings and slappings and you can hear them and feel them jiggling your flesh. Innately you spread yourself wider and lean further forward trying to open yourself wider. You watch yourself on the laptop and try to present the sexiest, most slutty perspective for the viewers.
The number has increased to 48. I hear you sigh deeply as my fingers on your asshole slip down to your pussy lips and glide effortlessly inside your lips and up to your clit. I feel how wet you already are. I reach around and put a wet finger into your mouth. The camera can't see you licking your cum-covered finger but everyone online knows that's what you're doing.
I use my strength to indicate you should stand up. I turn you around to face the camera. I kneel down and open one leg-hole of your Vanity Fair panties. you slip one foot through then we're working together and you slip the other through the remaining leg-hole and I slide them slowly up over your ankles. I'm kneeling on both knees in front of you. you push my head into your crotch. I rub my face and hair and press into your smooth pussy flesh. I'm kissing your lips tenderly using the tip of my tongue to trace up and down tasting your cum and teasing your clit the whole time slowly sliding your panties up your calves, past your knees and up your thighs. I pull them up over your ass and smooth them with both hands touching you through the silky material.
I guide you to the bed and seat you on the edge of the bed. I push your knees open. You are seated, legs spread wide open, tits exposed in center frame of the camera.
"Look into the camera Lacy. Tease your pussy for everyone. Over the panties. Let your pussy feel the silky fabric against it.
The count is 116 now. The chat box is a non-stop cascade of comments begging to be with you in the room and praising you for showing them.
"They love it Lacy. They love watching you. Show them, but don't give them too much, they don't deserve you. You are a goddess, they are losers."
I bring the vanity chair over and a small end table with supplies I've readied earlier. I proceed to work on your nails. I place one foot in my lap and massage you. I rub your foot with seasoned-expertise. You recognize my touch and experience and you lay back on the bed with your legs open and tease yourself rubbing your panties against your pussy.
"Touch yourself. Take your time. Don't rush. Let yourself feel good. Let me give you a pedi. Let me take my time and treat you."
I take my time massaging your foot, using my file and clippers to shape and smooth your nails, and then painting them. This is a labor of love and for viewers in search of immediate gratification leave, come back hoping the action has advanced, realize it hasn't, leave, and then come back again. The count is a steady 180 to 220 depending on what is going on.
Once I finish your first foot I step out of frame and leave the room, "I'll be right back."
You are alone in the room. You look at the laptop and see yourself. You are spread, laying back on the bed. Your hair is spread like a flower around your head, your tits are big and full and resting gently to the side in a way that makes you look like a whore. You can see the damp spot in the middle of your panties where your cum has darkened the pink nylon just enough to be able to see your pussy lips.
You push your tits together and play with your nipples for the viewers.
"I have invited some people over today, Lacy," I say as I walk into the room. "This is Audrie."
Audrie follows me into the room. We are out of frame. You sit up and try to cover yourself but soon realize the effort was pointless. You see a beautiful, full-bodied and mature shemale standing next to me. She is naked. Her cock is hard and wet and you realize I'd been sucking her cock already. I kneel down and put her cock in my mouth and took her full length down my throat.
You watched with envy.
I stood and guided Audrie to the bed. I grabbed the pink chemise and slipped it over your head and let it fall over your shoulders and fitted it onto your beautiful tits and torso.
"Lay down Lacy. Keep your legs spread, I still have another foot to work on."
I positioned Audrie on her knees above your head.
"Ok sluts, you are not allowed to rush into anything. You have 210 viewers and that's about to spike dramatically. Do not give them what they want. You are goddesses. You are queens and they are weak peasants. They will reveal themselves as such, just look at the comments. They are weak misogynists beating their pathetic cocks wishing they were in the room with you. Don't give them anything, but by all means, feel good. Be sluts. Be the whores you feel inside and take your time. Audrie, place the tip of your cock on Lacy's mouth. Lacy, you can use your mouth however you like, but you cannot take her down your throat. Suckle, lick, kiss, and taste, but no sucking and throating.
Also, Lacy, I know it's hard to resist, but keep your activity outside your panties. You can let your tits fall out of your chemise if you like, but keep the garment on your body. Audrie, you are not allowed under her panties either. You can touch her, kiss her, use your tongue on her, but you are not allowed under her panties. Oh, and one more thing," and I handed you each a vibrator.
I sat back down with my tools and began massaging your other foot.
I know you don't ask for the photos so please just let me know if you'd rather i don't include them.
Viewer count: 312
The scene on-cam is this: A beautiful 40 year-old woman laying back on a bed, she's got a full head silky hair that blossoms around her head. She's wearing a pink, spaghetti strap chemise with one of her full breasts hanging outside the loose-fitting chemise that gives her that disheveled whorish appearance. She has a pair of Vanity Fair, full-cut pink panties on with a damp warm spot that seems to be growing. She's resting a purple and yellow vibrator between her spread open legs.
A mature, naked shemale is kneeling above her head positioned so her smoothly shaven balls are resting on the woman's face and the tip of her cock is kissing the woman's crimson painted lips. The woman is kissing and licking the shemale's tip occasionally taking it inside her mouth and suckling it like a hungry whore. The shemale's cock is producing a steady flow of precum that paints the woman's lips and face.
A sissy, dressed in a six-strap, open-bottom girdle with Wolford nude thigh high stockings hooked up to the six silken straps, a white spaghetti strap chemise, and a pair of 4 inch, knee-high leather boots is painting one of the woman's feet.
"Tell me what you are, Lacy," I command.
"I'm a cock-whore. I'm a cum-slut. I'm a cam-whore," you sound confident and calm.
"It's important for you to remind everyone what you are Lacy. Don't be embarrassed, admitting who you are adds to your excitement. Use your vibrator conservatively. Moderate your excitement, don't let your orgasm crest, keep yourself close to the edge but never push it over the top. You can make this last as long as you want. I'll be here for you the whole time. I'm not leaving, I'm not in any hurry. Watching you feeling good is the only sexual pleasure I need.
Don't give the viewers anything. Ignore their misogynist cries. They are weak, you are a queen. When they call you a bitch, they only reveal their weaknesses. When they call you a whore, they don't mean it the way you mean it, their intent is to hurt and cause pain and every minute you hold off is your vengeance upon them. Every time you announce yourself a whore, every time you say aloud 'I am a slut and whore' takes away their power and increases yours."
I finish with your pedi and leave the frame. I want to give your nails time to dry. I roll us a joint. I leave and return with a bottle of wine and a bottle of whiskey. I set up our treats on the balcony. I go and adjust the camera on the tripod so the open balcony is center frame.
I set up the balcony furniture with two deck chairs on either side of a bistro-style table with the wine and whiskey. I enter the bedroom and take your hand lifting you to your feet. I kiss your mouth and face to clean whatever cum remained there. I taste the cum on your lips. I run my hands over your satin chemise and make any adjustments necessary. I lead you to your deck chair. We are secluded on the balcony but a determined voyeur would catch their fill.
I pour you a glass of wine and place a gummy bear edible on your tongue then light the joint for you.
I return to the bedroom. I slip a pink satin nightgown over Audrie's head, shoulders and body. The gown is full-length with a slit up to her hip on both sides. I knelt before her and she flipped the front of her gown over my head and I sucked her cock shrouded in satin.
She forced herself slowly down my throat and I opened myself and let her do it. I felt it slide down my throat like a serpent filling first my mouth and then my throat until the tip of my nose pressed against her smoothly shaved pubis. I felt the palms of her hands through the satin material of her gown holding my head in place and then she fucked my throat. I felt thrilled. My clit stood out from beneath my open girdle but I refused to touch it, letting my throat get fucked was all I needed.
Audrie released me and I led her to her deck chair, poured her a glass of wine, and put a gummy bear on her tongue before kissing her painted mouth.
I poured myself a glass of whiskey, took my own edible and then picked up the Wolford fishnet stockings. I made sure the paint on your nails was dry and slowly, carefully gathered the gossamer material into a ring and expertly slid it over your toes, up your foot and effortlessly up your leg. I performed the same on your remaining leg then slipped your heels on buckling them up before sitting down in the remaining arm chair.
This is the kind of lull on cam that usually causes a dip in viewership but our cam had over 400 viewers.
We chatted and smoked. Audrie was enchanted by you. She fawned and praised you. You admitted you had a thing for shemales and you thought she was beautiful. She wasn't a bimbo with plastic surgery. Audrie told us she was a very effeminate man and made the transition when she was 30 after both her parents died. She'd moved across country and lived as a woman. No one suspected and she hardly told anyone she had a cock. She looked like a woman in all other ways.
We started talking fantasies. You admitted you and your husband were swingers. You admitted you liked to be watched, to be the center of attention. You like being the slut and being used. You like masturbating while people watched you. You like being submissive and being used and treated like a whore.
Audrie liked to watch. She loves a good blow job. She likes her balls to be played with and sucked, and she loved getting her smoothly shaved asshole licked.
The edibles started to take effect and we were all feeling good. I was on my second glass of whiskey and left the balcony to check on the cam, make sure it was capturing everything in frame. I brought the laptop onto the balcony and went back into the house.
You noticed the viewer count was down to 240.
"Have you ever been on a live cam?" Audrie asked.
"Not like this, although my husband and I have been at parties that have been filmed and shared amongst the members. Have you?"
"Oh yes," Audrie laughed. "Almost every day, rather I should say evening. It's the only way I can masturbate. I love getting on cam and teasing all those frustrated closet homosexuals out there."
"Aren't you worried about getting discovered?"
"No, I never show my face. It's from the neck down. And it's very fast, just enough to masturbate. I can't sleep until I cum. Ever since I was a teenager. I used to just watch porn, but when I discovered how arousing it is to show myself to perfect strangers I can't resist the temptation to go online and show everyone. It makes my orgasms so strong. Most nights it's very fast, just need to get a good orgasm in and then crash, but on weekends I make an evening out of it."
"Don't you have a partner?"
"No, it's easier this way. I've loads of friends, I would just rather not go through the mess of having a relationship."
"How did you meet Luke?"
"Online. A couple years ago. He was one of the only guys online who was nice to me. Most people online are just misogynist assholes. Cum bitch. Fuck your hole cunt. Faggot. This kind of stuff. Luke told me I was beautiful. He's told me all about you. He says I remind him of you," and she laughed. "What do you think?
"I can see that, yes. You have a beautiful body, I love how you walk, you've got it down for sure."
"Your husband doesn't mind?"
"No. He knows all about Luke, plus he's on a golf weekend in St. Pete. He's not worried. I love the death out of Luke, but once every decade or so is enough," you both laugh. "Have you been with him before?"
"Oh sure. He was so sweet the first time we chatted was one of my "sessions" (she used finger quotes when she said sessions). I was teasing all the boys, getting them all charged up and angry. Luke just kept LOLing and saying sweet things to me. He actually wanted me to put my panties ON, not take them off. He convinced me to kick everyone out and go one on one so he could see my face. He said he wanted to see my eyes. He says my eyes remind me of yours."
"Yes, that's it. I couldn't figure out what specifically he meant by the similarity, but yes I see that."
"He calls it "in control," like a queen. I liked that he called me that. It made me feel like a woman. That first chat he invited me to view his cam and he was dressed up like a sissy little slut and I laughed at his clumsy makeup job. I embarrassed him but he told me he didn't mind, that he actually liked it."
"Yes, he likes being humiliated, doesn't he? Over the years he's found some amazing ways of humiliating himself with me."
"And, you're not going to leave me wondering..."
"Well you probably know about our Vegas weekend."
"Yes. I love to have him tell me that story."
"Well, every couple months after that he'd send me a story he'd written, or pics of himself. Then he built a profile on an adult site and started sending me videos of himself. I love his writing, the pics and vids are amusing, but his writing can be quite good at times. Most of his stories are pretty over the top, but every once in a while he really finds my weakness. I have to keep him in check though otherwise he can get annoying. Begging me to be his mistress, asking for photos or something more. I just don't have the time to invest, and I have to set him straight. He's such a little sissy pervert sometimes. I only give him a little crumb every few years, just to let him know I'm paying attention. It's all he needs. I sent him some professional photos of myself a decade ago and that keeps him going. If he crosses the line I have to berate him and remind he's dealing with."
"That's good to know. He is pretty easy to control. I don't have to say much to let him know I need my space. After we chatted that first time we both orgasmed and we agreed to meet again online. We did that a few times and one time he asked if we could meet. We'd talked about our preferences and he knew I'm a top and a dominant, so when he told me he would just come over and service me and then leave it was an easy decision," she laughed out loud and blushed at the thought.
I came back on the balcony and poured myself my third whiskey. The edible was hitting me good and I was visibly horny. I knelt down between your legs. I rubbed your legs feeling the delicious micro-fishnet fabric and your fleshy thighs. I picked up one of your feet and slipped off your heel and began giving you a foot rub. I slipped off your stocking and began sucking on your toes, the smell of fresh polish and leather made my clit pulse and precum escaped my tip. You used your toe to catch it and feed it to me. I put your toes in my mouth and massaged your arch and rubbed your smooth muscled calf.
"So, how did your first date go," you continued your conversation with Audrie while I resumed my task massaging and servicing your foot.
"He showed up on his bicycle. I was dressed in my nightgown. He was so sweet, the look in his eyes was just like amazement. He needed to "prepare" he said and I showed him where the bathroom was. He took a shower and 30 minutes later popped out dressed up like a little sissy. We sat in the living room watching Netflix and just kissed and played with each other in our lingerie. He loves panties as much as I do, don't you my little panty sissy?" She directed her attention to me.
"Yes my queen. I'm a sissy panty-loving slut," just saying it aloud in front of you made my cock pulse another stream of precum out of my tip again. You treated me with the same reward and I sucked and licked my cum that dripped down the balls of your foot.
"Then I led him into my bedroom and I lay down against the pile of pillows placed against the headboard and told him to suck my cock. He was so eager but there was a gentleness to his mouth and lust that made me hard by the time my balls hit his chin," she laughed again.
"He wanted me so badly. He just deepthroated me and stayed there with my cock completely filling his mouth and throat and then he moaned like a complete whore. I could feel how much he wanted me. Then he knelt between my legs, peeled his panties down and hooked the waistband under his balls and pressed the undersides of our cocks against each other and began stroking us. I love this position, it's so arousing. Our cocks and balls pressing together, smooth and clean. I begged him to stroke our cocks together."
I'd taken off your other heel and stocking and was treating your other foot as I'd done your first.
"We both began dripping precum and our cocks started slipping and sliding together. I love pressing my balls against another's balls, especially when we're both clean-shaven. I remember Luke's eyes, wide with amazement, just staring at our cocks and balls pressed up against each other, like he was in a trance. Then, it was like he was possessed, he went back to sucking my cock. He deep-throated me and with his fingertips he started rubbing my balls and taint, he was rubbing me as if my balls and taint was a pussy. It's a trick no lover has ever performed on me, and one I'd never even done to myself, but also one that was immediately effective. I spread my legs open wide and held his mouth down and wouldn't let him up. He was "fingering" my taint and balls and my hips started bucking on their own and within seconds I felt my orgasm coming and I rode his mouth like it was a pussy or an asshole and fucked his face until I came down his throat."
"Wow!" You were stunned silent.
I moved to your pussy. I could see the wet material had spread and the lips of your pussy were open and the tender smooth pink interior pressed like a sweet kiss against your thin pink panties. I kissed them. I kissed your lips like a mouth. I tongued you with a firm tip and pushed into the panties and into your pussy and sucked the soaked nylon and drank your cum. You slid your ass down in the deck chair, subsequently raising and presenting your pussy for my mouth. Sliding down caused your panties to pull taught and tight against your lips smashing them and spreading them and I licked long slow strokes up and down the length of your slit and combined with the thin layer of nylon my wet warm tongue hit an unexpected spot deep inside you and you grabbed the back of my head and held me in place. Your legs spread wide and you began humping my mouth.
I looked up into your face and saw your eyes closed and your head pressed back into the thick cushion of the deck chair. I also saw Audrie stand up and walk behind the back of your chair. She lifted up the front of her nightgown and flipped the satin material over your head. You were shrouded in satin and I could see Audrie rubbing her hard cock in your full head of silky hair. She grabbed a head full of your hair and stroked her cock with it. She used two hands, filled them with your hair and clamped down on her cock and fucked your hair like it was a pussy.
"We've got 494 people and counting, 400, 512. They are loving you Lacy," Audrie announced. "Tell them Lacy."
"Ohhooo," your moan morphed into a long slow 'ooooo' like the oo in blue, not the o in snow. "Watch me boys, watch me you pathetic loser faggots, watch me. Look at me. Look at me, I'm such an easy slut, but not for you. You faggot losers can't get a woman like me, you don't have the panties to get a woman like me."
Audrie LOLed and started reading the comments.
"Bitch."
"Fuck you cunt. What are you doing with those faggots. I'll give you a cock that you won't be able to control."
"Please mistress, you're so sexy and beautiful, can we chat privately?"
"They sound like they are in love, Lacy," Audrie interrupted. "Look at the camera, Lacy, Tell them."
Audrie pulled off the front of her gown and you sat up and spoke to the camera.
"I'm sorry bitches. That's enough for you. We're going to be here for a long long time. I know you pathetic assholes want to cum. I'll show you what you want to see if I get 10 pics, and real pics, time-stamped pics of your face with your own cum smeared on your mouth." And then you high-fived Audrie and me. We all laughed our asses off.
It was a pro move that neither Audrie nor I had ever thought of before. Within a minute the first pic arrived. It was a fat old guy with a two-day's beard and a stripe of cum on his lips. We posted it on the public chat and then another, and another, and another. We posted each one publicly. It didn't dissuade the rest of the pics from coming in.
We posted each pic, over 30 in all, and then you walked up to the camera to speak directly to the viewers.
"I'm sorry, losers. Keep sending those pics though. But you're never going to get what you want. I'm a whore, I'm a slut, but only for this sexy woman and this slutty sissy here with me."
The comments that followed your soliloquy were charged with misogyny and venom. We read them together and laughed aloud about their frustration.
I started to arrange the room as we moved from the balcony to inside. Audrie was still looking at you mesmerized.
"That was fantastic," she said to you. "You are a fucking b-i-t-c-h!" You both started laughing.
Audrie, who stood about 3 inches taller than you, grabbed your head and kissed your mouth. She whispered softly in your ear a gust of her hot wine flavored breath curled around your ear, behind it, and down your neck. She sent steady hot exhaust and her warm wet mouth behind your ear on the skin of your neck and told you to open your mouth and moan for her.
"Moan like a good slut Lacy. Moan and sigh and open your mouth. Keep it open. Keep your mouth available for cocks."
Audrie moved behind you, you just inside the room facing indoors, her behind you standing between the open French doors, and she continued her slow invasion behind one ear, lifting your full head of silky dark hair and migrating to the other dragging hot breath and wet mouth along the way.
She grabbed a fistful of hair and pulled your head back exposing the front of your neck and she sucked and breathed on your skin. She slid her other hand around your torso pressing her palm smoothly and using the satin material of your chemise to arouse your body. She slid down the front of your body to your stomach to discover your body's reaction to her movements. You moaned aloud again without Audrie's prompt.
You looked like you were lost. Head back, mouth open Audrie, like a vampire clinging for life on your neck. You were pushing your ass back into Audrie's silk-covered crotch and Audrie's manicured hand slipped over your panties, traced your warm slit down to your asshole where she drew a small series of circles before tracing back up your slit. She let go your hair and slid that hand down your other side still standing behind you. With both hands she gripped the waistband of your panties on either side of your hips and playfully pulled them up and taught against your pussy and ass.
I was capturing everything with the camera. I'd repositioned it so it stood at the foot of the bed. I was arranging the room as evening was setting in and placed candles on every available flat-topped surface. I brought in our treats from the balcony moving unnoticed by either of you between the balcony and the bedroom. Audrie was performing her exercises with playing with your panties. She was pulling them taught moving them side to side creating a sexy friction between your flesh and the nylon of your panties. Taught, side-to-side, release and tug again and your hips began to move and inform Audrie it was pleasurable.
"Sit on the bed and watch her, Luke," Audrie said.
I sat down and you took a moment to acknowledge me with your eyes. They were in command and invited me to watch, then they closed and you went back to your pleasure.
Your panties were tight against your pussy and your lips seemed to swim against the front panel. You pushed yourself in my direction.
"Watch me Luke. See me, look at me, I'm your whore," you were moaning it, it seemed more to yourself than to me. You began helping Audrie with your own hands and four manicured hands were pulling and pushing your panties. I wanted to kiss your pussy, it looked so sexy smashed against the panel, but I just watched. I sat down to get a closer, better view. You spread yourself open and pushed your pussy closer to me.
"Lay down Luke, so you're looking up her skirt," Audrie said.
As I slid my legs forward I pushed along the carpet and positioned myself so I was looking up your legs. Like lying on the forest floor, your sexy legs towered over me converging on your sexy pink and warm nylon pussy.
I watched as your legs began to bend and your pussy got closer and closer. My cock/clit was standing straight up without any assistance. I watched as you lowered yourself down on my face. I let myself go to a different dimension when you placed your warm nylon panty covered pussy on my face and rubbed yourself around on me. I remained still when you gripped my hair and maneuvered my head to suit your needs, using me like a sex toy. I felt engulfed in your womanness. Both your sexy knees on either side of my head, my face cheeks smashed between your sexy thighs, and my face smeared with your pussy and panties.
"Open your mouth Lacy," Audrie had moved so she was standing in front of you. I could see up her long legs and her smooth balls and cock met at their convergence. She'd lifted and pushed the front of her gown to the side and slid her hard cock to your open mouth.
You let her push her cock past your open lips, you felt the smooth strong underside of her cock on your tongue. You tasted her precum, sweet and silky and felt her slowly enter your throat past your tonsils and fill your oral cavity fully and deeply. You felt her smooth balls on your chin and her smooth pubis press against the tip of your nose and you stayed in this position. You adjusted your breathing and slowed your mind as the paradox of exhilaration sped the beating of your heart and you felt the power rush through your body. Every time you swallowed and Audrie's cock pulsed and surged a slow release of her sperm down into your hungry stomach. It wasn't her orgasm, it was simply the overwhelming pleasure you were delivering that coaxed her sperm from her balls, up and out of her shaft.
Audrie caught her breath and sighed from deep within and she seemed to caress your face with love and gratitude at the pleasure you were giving her. I watched as you moved glacially back off of her cock and its length seemed impossible as it exited your mouth. As your lips reached the tip, you sealed them around the ridge of her tip and suckled it. Your chin and neck revealed your lust and you looked as if you understood the fundamental needs of a cock in your soul. You looked like you were in love with cock, making cock feel good, and giving cock pleasure. Then you paused and made the long slow journey back down her cock. This time you didn't stay long before returning back to her tip again and again. You'd conquered your breathing and gag reflex. Your eyes closed in rapture. You moaned like a cock-loving slut. Your mouth was producing saliva and combined with the steady precum Audrie was releasing supplied a self-lubricating mechanism that made your work easy. You moved without effort moaning, eyes closed, slowly back and forth on her cock.
I was kissing and licking your panty-covered pussy. I used my hands to reach up and play with your tits and nipples. I squeezed your round soft ass through your panties. I felt like my presence was of little consequence to you, all your focus was centered on Audrie's cock.
Audrie suddenly pulled out and seemed to involuntarily double over holding your head in her hands and covering you with soft kisses in gratitude.
"I had to stop you Lacy," Audrie cried. "I would have orgasmed if you'd remained another second. You are amazing."
We all got up, you went to the bathroom to pee, and Audrie laid down on the bed. I'd piled the pillows against the headboard and she sat against them. She opened her legs and the front of her gown fell and lay flat between her legs. Her cock tenting the satin material and she seemed lost in what she'd just experienced and she playfully fondled herself through her satin gown.
I gave her another edible and leaned over the bed to kiss it into her mouth. When you came out of the bathroom I kissed another into your mouth. I could taste Audrie's cum and cock on your wine and lipstick flavored mouth.
You went out on the balcony and smoked a cigarette while I adjusted the camera to face the bed.
I joined you for a smoke and brought you a glass of wine and myself an edible and my fourth whiskey. I was still turned on. Still hard. Still in love with our night. The moon was out and it was a beautiful warm evening.
"What do you want sissy?" You looked at me with your cool eyes.
"I want to play with my clit Lacy."
"What else?"
"I want to play with my sissy clit. I want to fuck my sissy pussy. I want to show you. I want you to see me, to look at me, to watch me."
You giggled sinisterly. "Play with your clit sissy. Show me."
I used my forefinger and thumb and slowly stroked my clit standing next to you leaning against the balcony railing. If a voyeur was watching, as I was imaging, it added to the excitement.
"Rub your pussy."
I used my first two fingers on my left hand and rubbed tiny circles pressing them into my smooth balls and perineum the way I've seen women pleasure their pussies.
"Open your mouth."
I opened my mouth and you applied a thick coating of lipstick, the same color you wore, onto my lips.
"Smoke a cigarette, don't stop touching your sissy clit sissy."
I struggled to get a smoke and lit it with one hand. I smoked and stroked my clit for you.
"Look at the filter."
It had a red band of lipstick encircling the filter and my excitement bloomed. The mark left on every woman's cigarette was now marking mine. You know what I need.
"I want to be a woman. I want to be a sissy girl cock-loving slut." I smoked and stroked and repeated these words in front of you.
You reached under my balls and used two painted fingertips to draw circles on the underside of my smooth balls. You pressed against my perineum pushing against it I could feel the pulsing perineum restricted by the pressure your fingers applied.
"Yes my queen. You know what I need." I sighed.
"Moan like a girl. Show me how a woman sounds when she's playing with her pussy."
I moaned low and long repeating, "I want to be a woman. I'm a sissy cumslut. I love sucking cock and eating cum."
"Stop." You pulled away your attention. "You are pathetic, but I love it. You are a nasty pervert, look at yourself. I looked at my reflection in the sliding glass door and I touched my clit.
"Stop bitch!" You slapped my hand away from my clit. You slapped my hard clit. You slapped my smooth balls. You slapped them harder and harder and I watched it all in the reflection a ghostly image of me doubling over in pain as each slap of your hand sent thrills of pain through me.
"Get yourself together." You walked in the bedroom carrying the laptop with you. You placed it on the side table so we could see it on the bed.
"That was amazing." Audrie was stroking her cock and playing with her pussy with a vibrator. The viewer count was hovering around 300.
You read some of the comments. "Don't give them anything Audrie," you seemed to be reassuring her. Comforting her. Audrie smiled sweetly.
I came in and watched Audrie playing with herself. She was hard.
"Come sit on my cock Luke."
I went to the bathroom and brought out some lube. I stood next to the bed and used a vibrator to open myself up. Audrie was sitting, leaning back against the pile of pillows. She had her legs open and had her knees bent with her feet flat on the bed. I climbed on the bed, stood in front of Audrie, turned and sat down on her hard cock. I was waxed smooth and she entered my pussy unrestricted.
I sat down on her and in full view of the camera. The frame was asshole on the bottom, balls with a cock slid completely inside another asshole, then balls and a hard long cock sticking straight up.
I stroked my clit and alternated between playing with my balls and Audrie's. I slapped them gently and leaned back into Audrie's tits.
Her beautiful cock filled me completely. "I'm a woman. I love your cock Audrie."