"Are you sure you've got everything Marlow? Could you please check your pockets again to make sure you've got the tickets?"
"For Pete's sake Louise, I've got the goddamn tickets! How many times do you want me to look? Come on, let's get going. Here, give me a hand with all these suitcases. You've gotta help me or we're gonna be late!"
It's always like this. Whenever we're going on a trip I get short tempered and Louise runs around like a chicken with her head cut off. Somehow we always manage to get through it, and usually about the time our plane is airborne we're back to speaking fondly to each other and looking forward to our holiday.
This year instead of flying off to Mexico we'd decided to do something a little different and booked a cruise to the Caribbean. Louise and I weren't getting any younger and we thought it might be fun to take it easy and get pampered for a couple of weeks. My only fear was there might be a bunch of noisy kids on board to spoil our peace and quiet.
When we got to the dock it was pretty clear I didn't have anything to worry about on that score. Louise and I were the youngest ones there, and since we were in our fifties that wasn't very good. Now I was beginning to worry that all of the passengers would be way too old for us.
"God, look at the people waiting to board, Louise. I knew I shouldn't have let you talk me into this kind of holiday. Some of this crowd look like they sailed on the Mayflower! Why the heck didn't you tell me you'd booked us on a friggin seniors' cruise? I'll bet every cabin comes equipped with courtesy oxygen."
"Very funny Marlow, I wish for once you'd stop being so negative. I'm sure there's going to be lots of younger people going too."
In spite of what Louise was saying she looked a little worried. We'd spent a lot of money on this trip, and if we were going to be stuck with the same people for twelve days I'm sure she didn't want them to be escapees from a retirement home anymore than I did.
"Now Marlow, once we're on board try to behave yourself," Louise nagged. "Somehow you always manage to stick out like a sore thumb."
I turned to Louise and cracked a smile.
"Okay honey. How's this? Why don't I order double shots of Geritol for everybody when we hit the bar? Then I should be the life of the party!"
I'd no sooner spoken when I crashed headlong into the person ahead of me, knocking us both ass over tea kettle.
"What the hell, why don't....." My voice froze in mid sentence. Maybe things were going to be okay.
I stood transfixed. There, sitting on the ground before my eyes was a woman so perfect I would literally drag myself on my hands and knees just to drink her bathwater. I swear I was looking at Marilyn Monroe's clone. I offered up a silent prayer of thanks to the God of Beautiful Things.
"Now look what you've done Marlow! I think you owe this lady an apology."
I heard Louise's voice from somewhere far off, pulling me back to reality. My wife had a knack for stating the obvious. I put out my hand to help the woman up.
"I'm really sorry. I guess I wasn't paying much attention to where I was going."
"That's okay, no harm done," she said in a husky voice dripping with promise.
She stared at me lustfully as she dusted off her beautiful little behind. If my wife hadn't been with me I would have been only too glad to dust it off for her. I hoped Louise didn't notice my drooling.
"Hi, my name's Phil Marlow and this is my wife Louise. Yeah, I know, you don't have to say it, just like the detective. I'll never figure out what the hell my parent's were thinking when they stuck me with a name like this. You might as well call me Marlow. Most people do."
"Well, hello Marlow, it's very nice to meet you. I'm Carmen Friesen and this is my husband Bobby. I imagine we'll probably be bumping into each other again on this trip," she joked.
A powerfully built black man sporting dreadlocks and just a little shorter than a three story building appeared out of nowhere and pumped my hand, crushing it in an iron grip. My wife stood there staring at him like a dog eyeing a t-bone steak. I made a mental note to keep an eye on her. Bobby Friesen's huge size and Adonis like looks probably gave him an edge when it came to bedding the ladies.
"Hey Marlow," he grinned, revealing a set of choppers that made me wish I'd worn my sunglasses. "Pleased to meetcha Mon, you goin on da boat?"
He might have me beat in the looks department but he obviously wasn't the brightest bulb on the tree. I wanted to tell him we were baggage handlers but a quick glance from my wife put an end to that. I decided to compromise.
"Yep, we sure are. How about you? You going?"
Louise shot me a withering look.
"Yeah Mon, Carmen and I we on our first holiday together," he said, my wit flying over his head like a supersonic jet. "Were takin her back home to meet my folks in Jamaica. That's where I am from Mon!" he said, verifying my hunch that he wasn't Swedish.
"I'm glad we metcha. Carmen and I, we worryin there be no one our age to be jammin with. Say Mon, after we get set up in our cabins, what say we find the cocktail lounge and have a few drinks? We're in room 206."
"That's great!" Louise squealed, sounding like she'd just won the million dollar lottery. "Your cabin's right next to ours. We're in 207 and we'd love to join you! Why don't you come and knock on our door when you're ready?"
After we'd located our cabin and Louise had unpacked the forty or so suitcases she insisted on bringing, she disappeared to freshen up. Fifteen minutes or so later she emerged from the bathroom wearing glossy bright red lipstick and the tiniest piece of clothing I'd ever seen.
"Do you think this dress is okay Marlow?"
"Sure sweetheart, it's perfect. That is, if your aim is to get that big black hunk sniffing after you. Jesus Christ, Louise, I can see right up to your goddamm yin-yang! You don't think maybe it's a little too obvious? And where the hell are your panties?"
"Oh Marlow, don't be silly, we are on holiday after all, and I am wearing panties. I bought myself a new thong. Why do you have to be so uptight?"
"Come on Louise, your dress is so short were going to have to find a crowbar to pry your pussy off your chair! And that new lipstick you're wearing is so fucking bright it makes you look like you've got your masters degree in cocksucking. I'm not stupid, you know. I saw the way you were looking at that Bob Marley wannabe!"
"Well, what about you gawking at Carmen? Honestly Marlow, it was embarrassing seeing you standing there with you're tongue hanging out."
She had me there. It was time to back off. I mean hell; if she wanted to run around half naked there wasn't much I could do. Besides how bad was that? If Louise's new dress was typical of what women wore on a cruise, I could hardly wait to see what Carmen would be wearing. As luck would have it I didn't have to wait too long. A minute later Bobby was banging on our door like a punch drunk prize fighter.
"You people ready, Mon?" he called in that annoying accent of his.
"Hey Louise, Superfly's at the door. You want I should let him in?"
"Please answer the door, Philip."
Louise always called me by my first name whenever she wanted me to know I was in deep trouble. She was pissed, and I knew her well enough to know she was feeling guilty about lusting after Bobby.
I went to the door and pushed it open. Bobby was standing there like he was trying to remember why he was knocking and Carmen was right behind him looking like.... Well, she was looking like Carmen.
My eyes locked onto Carmen's breasts, two beautiful milky white globes perched precariously like they were just about ready to tumble out of her tight red dress at any moment. I stood frozen to the floor, convinced I was having a full blown epiphany. If I thought Louise's dress was too small Carmen's made it look like a bed sheet. It was a marvel of engineering that anything so small could contain that much happiness.
"May we come in, Marlow?" she smiled, knowing full well I wasn't about to stop her.
"Hi Carmen, come on in and find yourselves somewhere to sit."
I nodded to Bobby to let him know he could come in too. I hoped no one would notice that my cock was going into its second childhood and doing it's best to worm its way out of my pants.
"Don't just stand there Marlow, offer them a drink." Louise said, patting the bed and motioning for Bobby to come and sit down beside her. She was real good at giving away my liquor when it suited her purposes.
After we'd bullshitted for a while and Bobby had chugged down the twenty year old bottle of scotch I'd reluctantly brought out, I reminded everybody that we were supposed to be going to the ship's lounge.
"Yea Mon, but first let's do a little ganja," Bobby said as he hauled a baggy of weed out of his pocket and proceeded to roll up a splif about the size of a Cuban cigar. He fired it up and passed it to Louise.
Now my wife had never approved of herb before but it seemed since Bobby was offering it she'd suddenly turned into a card carrying hippy. She began to suck up that smoke like a Mexican fire eater. God only knows what it was doing to her. I'd had some pretty powerful shit in my day but this was something else. By the time It had come around to me for the second time I was having trouble figuring out where the hell the bathroom door was, let alone trying to find the ship's cocktail lounge.
"I guess you're right Marlow, we should get going." Louise wheezed and sputtered, trying to look cool for Bobby as she held the smoke deep in her lungs.
"What do you mean get going? Get going where?"
Louise squinted at me like she was seeing me for the first time.
"What are you talking about, Marlow?"
"What are you talking about, Louise?"
"What do you mean, what am I talking about?"
"I mean what are you talking about when you say we should get going?"
"Get going where, Marlow?"
At least Carmen and Bobby seemed to know where we were going. With their help we somehow managed to make our way up to the lounge. I just hoped they'd left a trail of bread crumbs or something so we could find our way back
Once we were settled into a booth the waiter came to take our order. Bobby suddenly discovered he hadn't brought his wallet. Like the sucker I was I ponied up for the drinks while the others amused themselves by staring at the patterns in the carpet. There was a classic old Wurlitzer in the corner so I decided to wander over and have a look at it. I found a few slow tunes that I recognized, punched them in, and then made the long journey back to our table.
"Would you care to join me for a dance, Carmen?" I asked, trying to look like I danced all the time instead of every thirty years or so.
"Well that would be really nice Marlow, thank you," she said following me out onto the small wooden dance floor.
Louise stopped fiddling with the umbrella in her drink and shot me a dirty look. In hindsight, I probably should have asked her first since she'd never had all that much success getting me to dance with her.
I don't know whether it was the booze or the dope or both, but as Carmen and I tripped the light fantastic my cock took on a life of its own and soon forgot all about Louise. Before you could say "Bob's your uncle" it was getting involved in a pretty serious relationship with Carmen's belly. Six or seven dances later, Carmen and I were busy swapping tongues when the music stopped. As I looked around the room I noticed Louise and Bobby were missing. It suddenly dawned on me that Louise might be jealous. In a big panic I pushed Carmen away from me.
"Carmen! They're gone!"
"Who's gone, Marlow?"
"Louise and Bobby! I don't see them anywhere!!!"
Carmen snuggled back into me
"Oh, for Pete's sake, relax Marlow! Bobby's probably just taken Louise back to the room. Loosen up and enjoy yourself. "
"Back to the room! What the hell for? Why would they go back to the room?"
"Well, they sure haven't gone back to see Bobby's etchings. Why do you think Marlow? Jesus, don't be so stupid, he's taken her back to give her a good fucking."
Why, that dirty black bastard. There was no way he was going to drink all my of my good scotch, then get my wife stoned and take advantage of her too. I didn't want to believe what Carmen was saying. My wife would never do that, would she? My heart sank as I remembered the way Louise had looked at Bobby. I already had my answer. The little slut would fuck him in a heartbeat! I tore out of the bar leaving Carmen standing there in the middle of the dance floor.
Once I was outside of the lounge I stopped dead in my tracks. I realized I couldn't remember where the hell our cabin was. I must have looked a little confused standing there in the middle of the hall because a young guy in some kind of sailor's uniform came up and began to quiz me.
"Can I help you sir?"
I breathed a sigh of relief. "Yeah thanks, maybe you can, do you think you could possibly help me to find my cabin?"
"Certainly sir, what's your number?"
Shit, that goddamm weed of Bobby's had turned my brains to mush. What fucking number? What the hell was he talking about? I lobbed the ball back into his court.
"Aren't you the one that's supposed to know the number? You do work on this ship don't you?" I asked, trying my best to look indignant.
He stared at me like an entomologist discovering some strange new breed of insect, and then walked away shaking his head. Now what in hell was I going to do? I called after him as he disappeared down the hall.
"I'm going to report you to your superiors, young man. I don't think I like your attitude!"
I had a big problem. If I didn't hurry up and find our cabin Bobby would soon be playing hide the salami with Louise. Then I got an idea. If I just went back the way we came up I should be able to find it. My parents hadn't named me Philip Marlow for nothing.
It didn't turn out to be quite that easy. Ten minutes later I was still aimlessly wandering about when I suddenly remembered there was a mural of a big palm tree on one wall. Eureka! There it was! I'd spotted it. Now that I had something to go by I might be able to find the cabin. Of course, if all of the ship's hallways had the same mural I was in trouble. Luckily, my brain cells decided to hold a reunion and remember my cabin number. I was standing right in front of it. Cabin no.207!
I put my ear to the door to see if I could hear anything. Not a sound. Doing my best to be quiet I slipped my key in the lock, turned the knob, and slowly opened the door.
I was too late. There was Louise with her back to me, sitting astride Bobby Friesen with his enormous cock buried to the balls in her cunt. Now I'd seen a few porno flicks in my time but none of them had prepared me for the sight of my wife's cunt being serviced by the biggest blackest cock I'd ever seen in my life. Louise was hunched forward, giving Bobby access to her swinging tits as his big slippery pole worked itself into her steaming snatch.
It was the most erotic thing I'd ever seen. Rodney's cock had to be at least twelve inches long and as thick as my wrist. The thing was so big it created a vacuum that made my wife's black haired cunt act like an accordion as she raised herself up and down. I moved forward in the room till I was directly behind Louise's ass. My cock ached for relief. It was like being in the front row of a Tijuana donkey show.
As if in a dream, I hauled my throbbing cock out of my pants and began to play with myself. Bobby saw me for the first time and whispered to Louise. She looked back over her shoulder, her eyes glazed with lust. She smiled when she saw I had an erection.
"Oh Marlow, I'm so sorry, I just couldn't help myself!"
I didn't speak. After all, what is the right thing to say when you're jerking off at the sight of your wife being fucked by a giant Rastafarian? All I knew was she didn't really look very sorry, and my cock had never been so damned hard. I guess Louise wasn't up to much small talk either, because she'd forgotten all about me and had returned to her task with a vengeance.
"Let me give you a hand, Marlow."
I just about jumped out of my skin. I had been so engrossed watching Louise I didn't notice Carmen had slipped silently into the room and reached around my waist to grab my swollen dick.
"Like I told you back at the bar Marlow.....relax.... let's you and I watch Bobby fuck her together!"
Carmen let go of my cock and helped me drag a couple of chairs to the foot of the bed. All we needed was popcorn, a couple of soft drinks, and a giant box of Smarties.
"I love watching women get fucked by Bobby for the first time, it gets me so hot!" she whispered, taking my throbbing cock back into her tiny well manicured hand.
Carmen and I watched as Louise let out a long low moan, cupped her breast and fed her lust swollen nipple into Bobby's eager mouth.
"Ooh, I see you're enjoying it too, Marlow!" Carmen cooed, tracing a long red fingernail through the precum bubbling out the slit of my throbbing dick.
The pressure started to build in my aching balls as Carmen tightened her grip, working her hand up and down on my precum greased pole. I watched my wife buck away on Bobby, at one point accidentally losing his giant black cock in the process. Gasping and moaning with frustration, she reached behind, guided it back into her sopping wet cunt and resumed her wild ride.
"Fuck meee...!!! Oh god yes......!!! Fuck me hard with that big black cock you dirty bastard......!!!!!" she screamed.
It sure didn't look like Bobby needed any instructions from Louise. He already seemed to have it down pat. He was slamming that big black monster into her like a pile driver on speed. In the meantime Carmen had slipped off her chair onto her knees and was sucking my cock with unbridled gusto. She looked up at me with her big baby blue eyes as she came up for air.
"Do you like it when I do that, Marlowe?" she asked, flicking a drop of my precum off her pouting lips with her little pink tongue.
"Is the pope Catholic?" I gasped, holding her tightly by the back of her head and pushing my slippery cock back down her throat.
Carmen silently bobbed her head up and down in agreement. Apparently she didn't know my question was meant to be rhetorical. My aching balls felt like they were being sucked up through my cock by an industrial vacuum cleaner.
"Oh, Jesus.... Oh, Jesus......I'm fucking cumminggg.....!!!!!! I groaned.
"Holy fuck!!!!!!!!"
I felt just like a pressure cooker letting off steam as I erupted and shot my load deep in Carmen's throat.
"Hang on baby, I'm cumminggg tooo....!!!!!" Bobby yelled, as he held on to Louise's tiny ass with his big ham sized hands.
"There, take that, you little white slut....!!!!!" he moaned, pumping Louise full of his thick, gooey baby batter.
Louise came simultaneously. I swear to God she was lifted up by the blast. She shrieked in ecstasy, babbling incoherently as she screwed her cunt down onto Bobby's massive member.
"Jesus Mon, what a great little fuck your wife is!" Bobby gasped; flashing me a big grin as his deflating cock slipped out from between Louise's stretched pussy lips. I watched in awe as a cupful of hot spunk gushed out of Louise and onto his balls.
Meanwhile Carmen was making strange gargling noises as she greedily gulped down my load. The ship's whistle suddenly gave three big blasts and I realized we hadn't even set sail yet.
Jesus, I wondered, what's the rest of this holiday going to be like?