I pulled her against me and wrapped my arms around her.
Was it a hug? Yeah, I guess so. A hug that lasted half an hour.
We laid there, on the floor of my kitchen, in a puddle of tears, sweat and cum.
Didn't say much after all the red-flag drama. What was said... not even sure how to describe it. Wasn't even small-talk. She got cold, we showered. She didn't bring spare clothes, this evening had been a little crazy, and she didn't have any clothes at my place.
She wore one of my sweatshirts like a short dress, and she looked damned sexy in it.
She mumbled something about maybe keeping clothes over here. I told her she was welcome to have a drawer and some closet space. It's nice when you can make a girl "squee!" out loud.
She glanced around my bedroom. "So, uh, I just thought of something."
"Hm?"
"If I have stuff here, is that going to... uh... cramp your style?"
"Style? I'm not sure I have a style. What's my style?"
"Brutalist," she answered.
"Huh. Seems like that would involve leather, somehow."
She giggled and shook her head before turning serious again. "It means you're brutal the way you drag answers out of me."
"Cramping my style...?" I tried to connect the dots, aaaaand: "Wait, like... other girls?"
"Jesus, you're dense sometimes!"
"Hm. Yeah. Uh..." I dropped onto the bed and tried to wrap my head around this. Technically, she had a point. We were serious, yes; boyfriend/girlfriend, yes. Now that I thought about it, not once had I ever actually mentioned being "exclusive." How does that play against the whole hot, cheating girlfriend thing that turned tonight into a rollercoaster?
I finally shrugged. "Would you believe I don't really have time for it?"
"Yes, because I've seen your schedule; and no, because I've experienced your libido."
I pulled her down to the bed with me. "Just occurs to me that I've been so wrapped up in you, we rarely discuss me."
She drummed her fingers on a pillow. "Not for lack of trying."
"I thought you got off on having all the attention?"
"Well, yes, obviously -- especially from you. I also feel like I'm dating a hit man."
"A tit man, you said?" And I attacked, getting the ticklish spots until she was laughing so hard she snorted.
"STOP! I'm gonna pee!"
I eased up, just a little, and finally just draped my arm over her. "You want to discuss me? Sure. Since you and I have been seeing each other, I've flirted with a few girls, but I haven't gone out with any. Haven't 'seen' any. Haven't brought any back here."
Lizzy swallowed, turned over, and looked me dead in the eyes. "I would almost feel better if you did."
"Almost," I chuckled. "Feeling guilty?"
"Right now, yes."
I was intrigued. "Are there times you don't feel guilty?"
"I don't feel a lick of guilt when I have a cock in my mouth. But afterward...?" She bit her lip, shaking her head. "I'm willing to at least share you, if it means I don't lose you."
Holy fucking shit. I'm sure I wore that expression, too, but she was looking away. "That's, uh... Yeah. Cool."
Wow, I'm smooth.
Not sure she noticed just how epically non-smooth I was, but I didn't have time dwell on it as her words percolated through my brain. Not gonna lie, parts of me woke up and wrote that "share" part down. Right now, though, it was all about her.
The Smooth was kicking back in. I kissed her gently, first on the lips, next on the forehead.
"You are a trip, Lizzy." I ran a finger over her jawline, down her neck, and over the curve of her sweatshirt-covered chest. "You're a trip, and I'm loving it. I don't want this trip to end."
She snuggled into my chest, as close as she could get.
Her voice was the softest whisper: "I love you."
And she fell asleep in my arms.
#
Alarm. Shit.
Felt her warmth against me. I didn't want to get up. I didn't want this to go away.
I reached back, grabbed my phone, and shut off the alarm.
As I did... she climbed on top of me. A little wiggle into place, and she started grinding.
I grabbed the hem of the sweatshirt, as if to lift it off her, and she shook her head, wrapping her arms around herself to keep it on.
"Okay."
The grinding, the heat of her against me... that would wake the dead. Certainly woke me up.
"Shhh..." she put a finger over my lips. It didn't take long for her to reach back and slip me inside her very-wet pussy.
She did all the work, circling and rocking... then finally slamming her hips against mine until I came inside her. And she came, too, right after. She has different orgasms -- and I knew the timing on this one: it was her cumslut orgasm.
My dick did not want to go soft after that... but we both had to roll.
Did she put on her clothes from last night? Nope. With me dripping out of her, she wore my sweatshirt home... and only my sweatshirt.
#
I was autopilot the rest of the morning. My head was spinning, my brain slow-motion exploding from everything said and done last night. And this morning, now that I thought about it.
At the gym, a barrage of early clients took my mind off her.
Sort of.
I don't think she was ever completely gone.
Between clients, she bubbled back to the top. This morning had been the most wonderful way ever to wake up. It was gentle, hot, loving even. Was that it? Were we making love? She made love to me, I laid back and enjoyed it. Absorbed it.
Was there love?
Yeah... yeah, I suppose there was. Warm and fuzzy mixed in all that hot and slippery.
My orgasm was all about her. Her movement. Her voice. Her feel. Maybe even a little of her cute-hot face. Her orgasm was... all about feeling mine inside her.
Wish I knew more psychology. That felt so simple in one way, and so hopelessly complex in another. For both of us. For completely different reasons.
Helluva contrast from last night, though.
Was last night "reclaim" sex? Technically, yes...? Didn't feel like it to me: it felt like "accepting you as you are" sex. I think she felt reclaimed, though. I think reclaim sex was what she needed.
The sweatshirt fit right into that. She kept the sweatshirt. I don't want to say she wore it "home," but she wore it back to her place.
There.
That moment right there. That's what kept me on my toes. This was the girl who got off on cheating, remember? And yet, the same girl who commandeered my sweatshirt. My cute-monster was a complex beast.
I glanced up to see my next client checking in at the front desk. I had just enough time to shoot her a text:
"Hey, cutie. Lunch... or is your dance card already full?"
A moment later: "LUNCH! Yes! Something light. Jamba?"
I hid behind a machine to sneak in another text. "Usual one?"
"OUR Jamba! Yes! Meet you there. Noon?"
"Noon. CU there."
#
"Hi!"
Small talk.
Hug. Kiss, if just a peck.
Trudge through the line. Place an order. More small talk.
Little flirts.
Wait for the order. Wait... hug, then kiss?
Warm. Warmth. More the feeling than the temperature.
We are utterly normal people. In an utterly normal relationship.
Just a peck...?
It felt so... natural. Adult. Appropriate. Comfortable.
For an instant, terror: where's the burning, blue-hot flames? Oh, it's there. It's a millimeter under the surface, slowly compressing with everything we're not saying right now. You're normal, right?
Hug first. Don't stoke the fire so much that it burns out.
"Hey, guys! Welcome back!" The Jamba clerk was all smiles. "What'll it be today? The usual or something different?"
Maintain the illusion of "normal," just a little bit longer. She's literally dressed in "office casual." Hug first, then kiss. Build the baseline of looking like the responsible adults that you are... definitely not.
Five minutes later: small talk with each other and the Jamba crew. Jostled in the crowd, but there was always a little ego stroke to that. I'll be honest, I like the attention as much as anybody and I tend to get more than most. When I had a companion...? It was fun seeing the looks she got, too.
Yeah, not gonna lie: lately, it was more fun seeing the looks she got.
"Hey, you two! Lizzie! James! Here ya go!"
Drinks in hand, we escaped the noon crush of Jamba Juice.
Hand-in-(other)-hand, we strolled around the corner to the courtyard. It wasn't really until that moment that I felt truly "in" the moment. Everything had been on autopilot, like the rest of the morning. Emotion had been there, but it was all... muted?
Between an Olive Garden and an Outback, with half a dozen stores on the other side of the courtyard, we found a pair of chairs with just enough space to have a conversation.
I looked around.
She looked around, and it felt like it was for the same reasons: if anybody was listening in, we weren't responsible for their shock.
Reset, I broke the silence: "Wish I could've watched every step in your 'Walk of Shame' this morning."
She smiled, nodding. "Confession time: coming home from my boyfriend's place? I felt zero shame this morning!"
"I love hearing that... though they don't know that."
"True," she grinned. "And let's face it: you were there Saturday night and Sunday, Travis was there Tuesday night and last night. Who, exactly, is my boyfriend, again?"
"Oh my god, you little slut."
"That's what the neighbors think!"
"They're right."
"I know!" she giggled.
"Did he text this morning?"
"Of course. He asked if we broke up yet."
Wow. That was a little weird. Disconcerting... yet... Adrenaline? Hard to put my finger on it. Bright side: very NOT broken up. "Is he trying to get you to break up with me... or does he expect me to 'discover' something and break up with you?"
She squinted at me. "You know, I'm not super sure about that. Given that he's a little bit toxic...? I don't think he'd mind if I dumped you, but he probably wants you to dump me."
"So he can move in on you? Sounds like a 'Nice Guy' tactic."
"It worked for you."
"You take that back!" I air-flicked at her little button nose. "I wasn't trying to break you up. I didn't even know you."
"Touché..." she admit. "That's a big difference."
Sudden thought: "You like that toxic element, don't you?"
She bit her lip. "I guess, yes? Sometimes?"
"Weirdo. Why?"
"I've been thinking about that. Like, what makes him different from you? Besides shoulders and... a personality?"
"Thanks for that."
She took a sip, still mulling it over. "See, you're like a slice of pizza. Pizza is exciting! It makes your mouth water. You need variety? Just put on different toppings. Him? Next to a slice of you, he's only a condiment... but he's hot sauce."
"You love hot sauce."
"I DO! I'm addicted to hot sauce! I want it all over my tongue, ALL the TIME, but..."
"It doesn't actually satisfy you?"
She shook her head and pointed at me. "Yeah. That."
So, I'm pizza... "What about that toxic part?"
"It's the burn. Totally the burn. You want the taste of it, the intensity, then you want the 'hurt' to go away. And have you ever gotten hot sauce in your eye?"
"Tear gas. That count?"
"Jesus!" Her eyes went wide a second, then she leaned back in her chair. "Hot sauce is pain you can control."
"Huh. Yeah..."
I'd like to say I don't understand, but here I was, letting myself fall deeper and deeper with a woman who is literally addicted to cheating. I'm not a masochist by any means, but an adrenaline junky, sure. Same disease, different variant?
I suddenly needed more details: "Where were you... when you called me last night?"
"Just before I came over?"
"Just before he came in your mouth."
She covered her eyes, suddenly self-conscious. "...My apartment."
"That part I knew. Where, specifically?"
A devious smile crossed her lips. "Trying to picture it?"
"Yes."
"Bedroom," she answered. "When he came, I was kneeling... on the floor... by the foot of the bed."
I remembered hearing the fumble of the phone as it happened -- and having no idea what was going on. Didn't even occur to me, though it should've. In retrospect... it would've been hot if she'd taken a picture with her mouth full.
Where did that thought come from? This was my girlfriend we were talking about here.
Oh, yeah: it came from browsing slutty-girlfriend porn last weekend... with my slutty girlfriend. Decision time: Righteous Indignation or was it Righteously Hot?
Fuck it. Hot. Righteously Hot. Took a deep breath and went on: "...And this morning, when he texted: what did he ask?"
Lizzy handed me her phone. She'd entered his name into her contacts, so it had "Travis" across the top of the text window. There was only two entries from the morning:
Travis: "How did it go?"
Her: "Call me in 5."
"So you actually talked to him? At work? What did you tell him?"
"Honestly?"
Took the straw out of my Jamba Juice and tapped it, like knocking ash off a cigarette, then took a deep, imaginary drag. "No, lie to me."
She smirked and looked down, her nipples hardening. "I lied to him. Does that count?"
"Sure."
She bit her lip, but she wasn't saying anything.
"You're not gonna leave me hanging, are you?"
"I told him you don't suspect a thing, but we still had to be careful."
"Kinky. When are you going to see him?"
"Do you really want to know?"
"I wouldn't ask..."
"I'm going to drop by his place right after work."
"Wow." Now that it was in my head, I was going to obsess over it. Exciting, but... fuck. Distracting. "Think you'll stay there tonight?"
"No way: I've got too much stuff to get done." She took a sip, lingering on the straw like it was a dick. "I'll drop by his place, worship his cock, then it's chores, chores, chores!"
"Jesus..."
#
Hammered.
Fucking hammered my clients, then hammered myself that afternoon. Sets to failure until I had a hard time raising my arms, THEN I hit the heavy bags. No face on the bags, but it was still cathartic.
Was I pummeling "Travis"? Maybe the first 30 seconds or so, but I discovered something weird: beating the shit out of him didn't do anything for me.
Beating on something, though... that was a release. Primal. Instinctual. It cleared my head of anything outside technique and power. It was controlled violence until every movement was about tactics.
The rage had dissipated, the fury was gone. There was only a sense of detached serenity. I had my Zen.
#
By 7:30 that night, I dropped on my couch like a crash test dummy.
Squeaking, movement, shifting: yeah, we'd broken it. Shit. Had fun breaking it, but still: if I wanted a new one, this would be expensive. But ya know what? I'm hanging original art on the walls, I might as well buy a new couch.
Looked up "couches" and I was really leaning into some sort of sectional.
That's when the phone rang. Lizzy's ring tone.
Slid my thumb across the screen. "Babe! What's up?"
There was an instant between my breath and hers when everything crashed around me. I'd hammered it so hard, I'd actually shoved THAT out of my mind. Now, suddenly, it all came rushing back. Surprising: even in a sea of adrenaline, I was standing on a sandy island of calm. Maybe because I was picturing her in my sweatshirt.
"Chores went a LOT faster than I expected. Watcha doin'?"
Had to resist asking about her Travis interlude. "I'm headed out."
"Anything interesting?"
"Couch shopping."
"Furniture?"
"Yeah. Want to join me?"
"YES!"
#
We met in the store parking lot. She was still dressed in what I'd seen at lunch: short business-casual skirt and a now-unbuttoned blazer. Big brown eyes, her button nose, and a mouth designed to lovingly suck a cock, she was monstrously cute.
I leaned in for a kiss -- and stopped short. It was a week ago, tonight, that she'd come over to confess blowing her boss at her quarterly review. What an odd fucking anniversary to think about with a girlfriend.
But it worked for her...
Whoops, check that: after the last three... four?... days of meeting "Green-Shirt Guy," her boss was old news. Still resisted the urge to ask about... anybody else.
I expected another all-grown-up, married-for-years short peck, but out in a semi-deserted parking lot? She laid it on me. What did I taste? Coffee... and sex.
Fucking hell. Dick... on my girlfriend's breath. "Travis, I presume?"
She bit her lip. "No Listerine. Sorry."
"At least..." Fuck. I glanced at the small can of cold-brew she had in hand. This chick. "Well, you rinsed with something. Thanks."
"I picked it up on the way over..." She displayed the can, then drained the last of it. "Didn't actually open it until I parked."
"Savoring his flavor?"
She gave a devious little grin. "Got out early, got my chores done early, so... Just left his place."
"Ahh... Fresh, even. You are a bad girl."
She tossed the can into recycling and we headed around the corner to the entrance. "Gonna give me a spankin?"
I pointed at the store. "I'm gonna watch you suck off the manager."
"Oh!" she giggled as she reached for the door. "I think Travis took a Viagra because-"
"Welcome to Interior Designs," the salesman interrupted. "May I help you?"
Lizzy eyes went wide. "HI! I'm here with my boyfriend... We're here to look at furniture!"
"Oh, that's wonderful! Right this way. One note, though: we're about to close."
"Gotcha," I responded.
"Take us to your couches!" Lizzy commanded.
"Of course!"
Manager? Clerk? Guy. Definitely "guy." And with that timing? I swear to God it felt like he and the whole rest of the world knew that Lizzy was standing here, with us... and another guy's spunk in her belly.
...Just over Lizzy's head, a floating psychic slut klaxon, blaring a proclamation...
Okay, that was just ridiculous. And yet, I could not get it out of my head the weirdness of being out in public with my girlfriend, while...
Yeah. While Travis' cum was in her belly.
So distracted, I walked around a fashionable end table and right into a row of fucking recliners.
Lizzy glanced back at me: "Are you okay?"
"Yeah, great!"
Secret, yet public. HIS cum is in HER belly, RIGHT fucking NOW.
What-why-how... Exhibitionist. Voyeur? Yeah. Slut. Obviously. Cuck? I wanted to say no, not a fucking issue -- at least not the definition of "cuck" that felt pejorative. Still, the risks and complications of exposure crossed my mind. Fuck. There was too much to process. I'd have to circle back later.
My cream-filled girlfriend guided me past an island of entertainment centers. "I'm kind of excited. We're furniture shopping!"
"You're always excited..."
Lizzy slipped her hand in mine. "Yeah, but this is like... nesting."
"Dangerously domestic," I agreed.
She bit her lip and leaned in for a whisper. "Were you kidding about, um..."
"Hm? What?"
She gave a subtle nod toward the manager.
That she even asked gave my dick a shove. But the way she asked? Honestly, that had been a throwaway line. Totally spontaneous, so I had no idea where to go with it. For sanity's sake, definitely no.
...Yet she seemed willing to let me pull her strings. That was hot. Plus, there was already Travis-jizz sloshing around in her belly, so the thought of adding more made it a definite-fucking-yes! For insanity's sake, I wanted Lizzy to go down on this guy.
"Maybe," I finally answered. "Maybe not."
There. Perfect. Give her something as ambiguous as I was feeling. See what she does with it. Rorschach's request form?
We found the sectionals and zeroed in on the one I saw online. Deeeeeluxe. Sat on it, crawled across it, laid on it, kissed Liz on it...
Fuck. Coffee and...
This chick. With her blazer unbuttoned, her camisole underneath seemed almost like lingerie. She gave little touches, little flirts...
To both of us.
Looked like Rorschach was interpreting his way right into her panties.
Only now did I notice the guy was wearing a wedding band.
She sat on the couch, her blazer open, nipples straining against satin. The poor salesman tried to be polite, but his eyes kept dropping to her perky chest. As I examined the hidden storage compartment on the couch, he tried to hide adjusting his package. Finally, he excused himself a moment.
With a moment of privacy, she leaned close. "I REALLY love the taste of coffee and cum!"
Yeah, she was there too. "Do you want me to cum in your coffee from now on?"
She nodded, bratty as shit. "Non-dairy creamer is healthier!"
I glanced back at the manager and, from across the room, actually saw him sweating as he played with his wedding ring. Call me an asshole, but in that moment, I really wanted to see Lizzy break that guy's vows wide open.
Poor guy.
As hot as it would've been, I refocused my girlfriend by pulling her in for a make-out session on the couch. Five minutes later, paperwork was signed and we were out the door. Yeah, the manager was off the hook, but I was 30 seconds from fucking Lizzy on the floor model, right there in the showroom.
#
In the back corner of the parking lot, just out of range of the lights, she sat next to me in the Hummer, just giggling to herself. I'd almost think she was drunk, but of all the things on her breath, alcohol wasn't one...
She wasn't on the passenger chair, rather she lounged on the stripped-down center console. With her back against the instrument panel, we were almost facing each other as she casually stroked my leg.
"So, was I supposed to have...?" she pointing back toward the furniture store.
"Nah. I noticed the wedding ring. If you made a pass, he wouldn't have said 'no', and I've got a feeling that wouldn't have ended well for him."
She was downright thoughtful a moment. "I almost feel bad."
"See? You're not such a bad girl..."
"I'm NOT a bad girl!"
"You're not a good girl."
"I'm a NICE girl..."
"You're a VERY nice girl. And you're MY good girl."
She beamed at that one. Smile still still on her face, she leaned over, kissed me on the neck, and breathed into my ear: "I want to be your 'good girl' right now..."
"Oh, really?"
Her hand slid up my thigh and gripped my hardening dick. "Oh, look at this!"
I shook my head. "Don't look at it. Lick it."
She dropped her head to my lap and a moment later, my cock was bumping its way down her throat. It felt -- she felt -- amazing.
With a handful of her short, brown hair, I took control of her head. Long strokes, deep, hard into her throat. Enough to mash her lips a little bit... and by sound of her moans, a little bit rough was just right for both of us.
"Yeah, I would've enjoyed watching you suck his cock."
With the tiniest push, I knew she wanted to come up for air.
No.
I didn't let her. Not right away. This required another moment or two of mouth-fucking her.
When I let her come up for air, she gasped... then smiled. "If you hadn't attacked me on the couch... I was totally going to suck his cock."
Wow.
That second, I needed her lips on me. I guided, almost shoved, her faced back to my dick. I held her hair in my hands as I explained: "I really wanted to see that, but... Tonight, I saved a marriage... Hey, there's always Saturday."
I could feel the question. After another thirty seconds of precision-guided cock-sucking, I released my cock from her throat.
She didn't miss a beat. "What's Saturday?"
"When they're delivering the couch. I think you'd be a good tip for the delivery guys."
She squealed as she bit her lip. "I totally would be!"
Yeah, it was right out of the corniest porn, but I imagined my cutie-pie cum-monster blowing a couple delivery guys. Then, closer to real life, just how close she came to blowing the manager. Part of me still regret she didn't.
She would do it. She would totally do it.
It was all too much. Fantasy wrapped around the sensation of her amazing lips, it was all way too much. I held the back of her head, again, and came deep in her throat. She moaned around my cock.
A second later, she rode her own orgasm by swallowing mine.
#
Friday.
Woke up alone, though Lizzy was streaking naked through my head. That was a recurring theme with her: head. And streaking. Or at least finding some way to show off a little.
Or a lot. Shit, just two days ago, she brought up the boob-job thing again. I kinda thought she'd forgotten about that, but... Consultation appointment?! Guess not.
She confessed to being a big-tits girl stuck in a small-tits body. She knew I was kind of a big-tits guy, and maybe that pushed her over the edge. She'd mentioned similar. I wondered, though, what was the split between me and attracting the next "Travis"?
The thought of her getting bigger tits, just so she could be a bigger slut...?
Ladies and gentlemen, traffic is no place for a raging hard-on.
I was on autopilot, lost in Sexland, until I got to the gym and Carly told me two of the other trainers called out with COVID. Fucking awesome. I handled my own clients AND subbed in for one of the missing guys. Didn't have a second to breathe as I jumped back and forth.
Hours later, Mike Reno's voice seeped into my focus. The lyrics: "Everybody's working for the weekend! Everybody wants a new romance!"
Yeah, that was pretty much it.
On Friday, the casuals tend to fade away, but the hardcores hammer it. They were getting their pump on before they went out Friday night. "You wanna be in the show? Come on baby, let's go!"
Carly had been in the office all morning, handing out rapid tests and making contact tracing phone calls. Naturally, she picked that fucking moment to brush past me. "Hey, Loverboy! Didn't realize you played guitar..."
Shit. Was I doing that? I pointed as she walked away: "Air Guitar National Championships, three years running!"
#
I was jamming down a protein bar and checked my phone, just in case. Sure enough, a slew of texts from Lizzy. The last was left just a minute ago:
"I'm out early! Are you still at work?"
She was out early, yesterday, too. Odd, the little details that come floating back.
I texted her back: "Yeah. My clients, plus I'm covering another trainer. I'll be here a while."
Saw the little rolling ellipses. A moment later: "Hey, so... Umm... Were you serious about giving me drawer space at your place?"
"Yup."
Ellipses. "Why does this seem more intimate than a blowjob?"
I looked up, thinking about it. It did, didn't it? Weird. Dunno. "Maybe... it's like a diet version of living together?"
Ellipses. Stop. Ellipses. Stop. Ellipses. Stop. Ellipses. Stop. Was she writing a book over there? Finally: "I'm literally crying over here."
Uh... shit. "Was I funny or was I an asshole?"
"Neither. I love you. Can I bring some stuff over today? Like as soon as you get off?"
"How about we see each other, THEN I get off?"
"I can help with that!"
Reality check: "No Travis tonight?"
"Not, um... tonight. No."
Well that was tactically vague. Had she already? Today was their one-week anniversary -- her Travisverary -- and she was already addicted to his dick...
I glanced at the clock: it was almost three in the afternoon. Oh, yeah: protein bar because I had to skip lunch.
Lunch...
A fucking lunch-hour get together. They'd done that Monday, too. I was suddenly aware of the strain against my jockstrap. I had to push all this out of my head, Right the Fuck Now.
Brought the phone back up and typed out an answer. "Should get out around 6-ish. Will text confirmation. Meet you at my place right after?"
"Yes!"
#
I buzzed her in through the building's front door and left my apartment door cracked open.
A minute later, Lizzy kicked the door all the way open. "Knock, knock!"
"Hey, babe! Whoa. Clothes?"
She arrived carrying a heavy cardboard box and set it down. Put her hands on her hips and tilted her head. "Okay, I know this looks like I'm moving in... but I'm not. I'm just, sort of..."
Met her at the door and gave her a kiss. "Moving in?"
She kissed me back. "Don't play with me like that."
Ran my hand along her cheek, totally a lovey-dovey maneuver but honestly, I was looking for evidence. "Like you'd move in with me anyway? Weren't Tuesday and Wednesday Travis days at your place?"
She scrunched her eyes shut in kind of a grimace. "Yes..."
I picked up the box and carried it back to the bedroom.
She followed, but the grimace still hadn't faded. I gestured to an empty drawer -- top one on the waist-high dresser -- and she slid in neatly folded clothes.
Could not image what could make this girl grimace like that.
I pulled up the sliding door to the closet and waved an arm at empty hanger space.
She smiled, bit her lip, but that grimace was still sorta there.
"Whatever it is, it's really bugging you. Or, for you, whoever it is."
She closed her eyes and coughed. Not sure if that was a rueful laugh or a choked-back sob. "You really know me."
I glanced at the pile of panties she dropped in the drawer. Cute. "They say confession does wonders for the soul."
She stared at me a moment, holding her breath, and finally let it out: "Lunch break!"
Knew it. "With who?"
"Travis," she confirmed. "Like, who else--oh..."
"Yeah. You. Work," I confirmed. "So, Travis. Five days in a row, isn't it?"
"Yes," she nodded. "This week, I've actually sucked his cock more than yours..."
Fuck!
"Oof." Weirdest thing to have a gut punch that could make your dick hard. "Not falling in love with him are you?"
She didn't answer for a second. "Him...? No... No. Definitely, no. I'm totally in wedding-bells love with sucking his cock, though."
Oof, x2. How was that even a thing?
This was Lizzy. It wasn't an exaggeration. And confessing it, right now, as she loaded clothes into a drawer at MY place? That was her, waving her red flag and hoping I still loved her.
I did. I didn't really want to ask myself that, but I did anyway. And I answered. So here we go.
Part of me needed to know which one she loved more: me... or sucking his cock? Part of me already knew. I wanted to hear her say it, but I had a feeling that would tear her up. She sorta said it already: she'd sucked his dick more than she'd sucked mine.
Not entirely fair, but not untrue.
I also knew that in order for her to feel that love for sucking his cock, she had love me and most importantly: feel my love back. "Lizzy, my dear, you are a hot mess."
She nodded.
I pulled her head down. All the way down. "And a hopeless slut..."
Her face in my crotch, she took it from there, lowering my sweaty gym shorts. My shaft sprang up, already semi-hard, and slapped her on the chin. A beat later, she engulfed me.
"There we go... That's my girl."
As I got harder and harder, I reached over the top and flipped up her skirt. Pulled her panties aside and found she was... moist. Pleasantly moist.
It had been a while since she'd said it, but I was going to lean on her own words. Dense as I was, I knew this was the time. I even had a good idea why, now. It was time to test a theory: "Lizzy, everybody who knows you, knows this is where you're at your best. This is your meaning in life..."
She squeezed her eyes shut, moaning a little.
One finger inside her, then two...
"Lizzy, as long as you have a cock in your mouth, you're worth something."
Oh, yeah: the honey was flowing.
It was so fucking wrong, but for Lizzy, it was so fucking right. I think it's how she balanced her scales of cheating... and from that perspective, it was absolute truth.
I pulled out of her mouth, flipped her around, and plunged deep inside her. She was pure, wet heat. I bottomed out and slammed myself home a few times.
She buried her face in the sheets, covering a scream.
I eased back a little, catching my breath and letting her catch hers. "Now, why don't you tell me all about your lunch break."
She bit her lip and looked over her shoulder at me. A second later, she dropped her head, nodding submissively. She reached down, between her legs, and felt my shaft as it rocked her. "Well... I, uh..."
"Yeah?"
"Well, I met him at... Jamba Juice.
"Wait-"
"Yes, OUR Jamba Juice."
BOOM! Surprise! Goddamn. Just when I thought I'd been inoculated against shock. By her moan, I knew she felt the jolt pass through my dick.
...And since she felt it, and I wasn't stopping, I know she took it validation. I didn't mean it that way, but... she wasn't wrong. OUR Jamba Juice!
And the lunch crew know us over there. They know us as a couple. "Any funny looks?"
"Maybe? I don't know. I was making googly-eyes at Travis."
BAM! She did it again. By her grunt, I knew she felt the jolt pass through my dick.
"Does he know that's our place?"
"...Yes."
The Fuck... "Did you kiss?"
"In the store...?" She looked back, over her shoulder, at me. "Maybe a little."
This fucking girl... with another guy... in a public place... where WE are known! We were there FUCKING YESTERDAY! And I know she felt my every thought vibrate right through my dick.
I slowed down my thrusting. "Go on."
She closed her eyes a moment, just cooing as we fucked. Finally, she had her breath again: "We got our juice... We went to his car... We made out for a minute..."
For just a moment, that night -- a week ago -- swirled through my brain. Lizzy and I played a sex game and she let a stranger pick her up. That was the night I crept around to watch my "cheating" girlfriend go down on some guy in his car.
And that had been... fucking hot. In retrospect, given that she was MY girlfriend, I didn't want to admit how hot it had been. I loved her, after all. I loved her, but she was a slut. She was a slut... and I wanted to see slut proof. And she showed me.
I expected it to be hot, but it was hotter than I expected. In a way, I wanted to send her back to him, right now, to watch them again. What the actual fuck?
Closed my eyes and just focused on the sensation. Just my dick... in this hot slut. "So you were back in his car? That's one of your favorite places, isn't it?"
"Well, yeah," Lizzy nodded like it was silly of me to even ask. "I love sucking his cock."
It took breathing exercises to not cum that instant. "In public, no less?"
She bit her lip, trying to suppress a smile. "Especially in public."
Just... When I finally regained some control, I looked down at her. "Did anybody actually see?"
She bit her lip again, and hid her face in the sheets. "...Not only did somebody see, the guy took video."
"Holy shit, really?"
After a moment, she bobbled her head like she was building up the courage to tell me: "I gave him a pretty good show!"
She smiled as my rod surged deeper into her pussy.
"Friend of Travis?"
She shook her head. "He didn't seem to know the guy, but he didn't mind him getting us on video."
"And you kept going?"
"Mostly, yeah! I mean, I stopped to smile at the camera once or twice."
"Oh, my God. You smiled for the camera?! You get that guy's name, too?"
She shook her head. "And no, he didn't get mine. And before you ask: no, I didn't suck his dick."
"Did he ask?"
"No."
"Did Travis ask?"
"No... but if he did."
"You would have?"
Her breath caught and her body stiffened. It seemed like realizing her answer pushed her over the edge. "Yes, in a heartbeat! I didn't tell him... but I wanted to."
The little slut was still shaking from her orgasm.
Details. I suddenly had to know details. "How long?"
"How long did I go down on him? I don't know... from the time he unzipped to the time he came on my face...? Maybe five minutes?"
Well, that answered the second question. Shit. "Did they get that on video, too?"
"Honestly, I was looking at the camera as Travis smeared his cum on my face. I may have blown the guy a kiss, too."
"You nasty, naughty girl..."
A whole pool of questions swirled through my head -- but I couldn't focus on anything but her pussy. I grabbed her hips and pulled hard, bottoming hard enough to force the breath from her. For a moment, this was the grudge-fuck that both of us needed.
But I wasn't ready. I didn't want it to end.
"You're on video, Lizzy. You realize that's out there now...?"
She nodded, arching her back to push me just a little deeper. It took a moment for the accountant with the brown hair and the cutesy face to finally answer. "Ummm... full disclosure? A hundred and seven guys? That's definitely not the first video of me sucking a dick... I hope you're okay with that."
"I, uh..." Damn near came. Again, I had to slow down.
Was I okay with that? Wish I were cool enough to have a smooth answer, but no.
She looked back and started rocking her hips to match me. "Baby?"
Video was legal evidence. Not like everybody rushes out to upload everything. Not everybody was like that. But if he did? If they did...?
If it was on the web, it was out there forever. Suddenly pictured us getting married, then this dirty video surfaces on PornHub of my fiancée blowing Green-Shirt Guy or who knows who else. That's a deep commitment to a blowjob.
Which... was exactly Lizzy's personality. She was committed to sucking cock. And I loved that about her.
I finally had an answer for her: "...Is it wrong that I'm turned on by it?"
She was facing away, but I heard the smile in her voice. "I'm relieved that you are."
My balls were tingling. "Have you ever found yourself online?"
"No," she admit. "But until last weekend, I've never really looked..."
My balls were tightening. "So you'd be okay with being 'internet famous'?"
"For sucking dick...?"
"Yes."
"Are you gonna hate me if I say 'yes'?"
"No."
"Then, yeah, totally!" she nodded emphatically. Her pussy was sloshing-wet now. "James, I want the whole world to watch me suck dick after dick after dick!"
POW! Just like that, I exploded deep inside Lizzy... my slutty girlfriend.
I couldn't speak. I couldn't get the words out... but I wanted the same thing. I wanted the world to watch her suck dick after dick after dick.
She felt me explode, and it took her breath away. Her eyes went wide, a smile crossed her lips, and she buried her face in the sheets. Not quite hyperventilating, she was coming hard.
I pushed myself deeper inside, holding as my last pulse unloaded. I stayed deep, finally laying down on top of her. Feeling her soft, warm skin against mine was... it was a little slice of heaven. Against the insanity of oral addiction, feeling her warm body under mine was... comforting reality.
After a deep breath, I let it out in a long sigh. The sentiment was absolutely sincere and I know that came across in the tone: "Awesome..."
"What...?" she whispered, hopeful.
"You, on video... with other guys. I just found my new obsession..."