The drive home was about 30 minutes. Sonya had fallen asleep on the ride home. Marietta noticed that her clit and pussy had returned to normal. She never saw anyone's body react to that level of arousal. Another thought occurred to her as well. She was getting used to seeing Sonya naked all the time like this. She finally had a chance to think about the situation.
As much as Marietta hated to admit it, old Sonya was indeed a dull person who did not get much out of life but a few laughs here and there with her best friend. Marietta did have to make a lot of sacrifices to be there for old Sonya. New Sonya was spontaneous, exciting, bold, always naked, but most importantly a total blast to be around. She's probably going to loose her job because they will not let her work naked. She bold enough to try something like that now. Sonya may have to move in with her. But then Marietta can keep a closer eye on her to make sure she doesn't do something too reckless. However, she figured she and Sonya probably needs to set aside bail money in case she does get out of control more than she is now.
Marietta pulled up to Sonya's apartment. Sonya was still fast asleep. She opened the windows for fresh air. She backed the car up tail first and went into Sonya's apartment to gather up all her clothes. Starting with the dirty clothes first, she figured she would pay a laundromat to wash them and then ask if they can donate to someone. The other clothes she also couldn't bare to throw away instead she will drop them off a clothing bank. Upon request, she was able to save 2 skirts for safe keeping at her apartment when the inevitable happens.
The commotion outside the car eventual woke up Sonya. She was so excited to see all her clothing leaving her possession. The very fact she was no longer able to get dressed for any reason made her very happy and aroused. Once awake, she played with her nipples in the car and waited for Marietta to come back. When she was close enough, she ran up to Marietta and kissed her on the cheek bouncing and giggling butt naked outside in broad daylight. This woman had no more shame. Marietta smiled.
"Since you are now awake, go make yourself useful and help me load up the car. I think there 2 or 3 bags left."
"Ok," Sonya replied. She bounded up the stairs with her hand in her pussy. She liked the feeling of walking and masturbating. She was smiling the whole way. Once inside her apartment, she went back to freshen up, check her hair and put a lot of baby oil on her body. She wanted to look her best while naked in public. She grabbed the last two bags looking at them like 20 day old trash. She almost could smell rot in her mind.
Finally it happened. After she had grabbed her keys and locked the door, she heard that familiar click of a door opening. One of the neighbors on her floor was steeping out of their apartment. Sonya had dropped the bags to lock the door. The neighbor looked her way. Sonya was moving about her business as if everything was totally normal. It was a woman a little younger than Sonya in her mid twenties. The younger woman gasped.
The neighbor said "Omigawd!? You ok?" The new neighbor noticed how fit the woman was and how every part of her body conveyed excellence. Sonya turned to her facing her completely feet apart smiling. She put her hands on her hips. "Why yes neighbor," She said. "I feel better than ever! I hope I didn't startle you too much."
"Well," the neighbor replied, "You are just...well, out there showing everything. Are you not scared?"
"Not at all. In fact I'm glad someone is finally seeing me."
"You mean you have done this before?"
Sonya grinned. "I just started but I have not put on any clothes since Saturday. I decided not to wear any clothes. In fact these bags are the last of my clothing I own."
The new neighbor's jaw dropped...What Sonya didn't know is the the new neighbor could smell a sweet scent in the air and she felt uncontrollably horny looking at this beautiful naked woman. Parts of her wanted to be brave like Sonya. The neighbor's rational brain spoke.
"Is someone making your do this?"
"I'm making myself do this."
There was a short silence, the neighbor was trying to process the reality of not having clothes and going naked everywhere, to break the silence, Sonya decided to explain.
"What I'm doing is very crazy. I know that. But I also just decided to live my life and the path of my current experiences has led me to this point. I don't plan on stopping. I want to see what I can get away with. I used to repress myself severely and I decided to change in the most dramatic way possible. In fact, we may have seen each other in passing once or twice but I was very forgettable and dull before. My best friend has been a great support in my life and without her, I would not have made it this far to where I am right now." Sonya got unbelievably horny right in the moment and fought the urge to masturbate. She could feel her nipples and pussy swell. She knew her clit was standing straight out.
"Well, I think what you are doing is Amazing! My name is Samantha, but you can call me Sam." She walked close to the naked woman with her hand outstretched. In actuality, Sam wanted a closer look at the naked goddess. She had noticed her nipples getting hard and she did not miss Sonya's large protruding clit that slowly started standing in attention. She had heard about such blessed anatomy, but she had never seen one so big or one attached to an amazing toned body worthy of timeless sculpture. She was looking forward to seeing her naked neighbor and possibly getting to know her better. Sonya also walked forward and shook Sam's hand in kind with a warm smile. It was nice to make new friends and she was excited to make a few friend as her naked self.
Meanwhile, Marietta did take note of the fact that Sonya had not returned. She heard voices and laughing above her so she figured she would make her away up to the stairs. Taking care to make as little noise as possible, she recognized Sonya's voice. It was quite obvious she was talking to someone. She had heard most of the conversation on the 3rd floor landing. Pleased to know that it was a positive reaction, she chose to listen and watch the events unfold. Once the chat had reached a good stopping point, Marietta decided to act normal and climb the last flight of stairs.
Sam turned to see this new woman and said "Hi!" Marietta replied, "I see you met Sonya. Isn't she great?"
"You two know each other?" Sam asked. Sonya bounced over to Marietta and gave her a hug and kiss on the cheek. Marietta blushed.
"This woman makes it possible for me to live my life without clothes. She probably came to check up on me when I didn't return after getting my last bags of...clothes." Sonya hates saying that word now.
"So she's really doing this on her own accord?" Sam asked.
Marietta replied "Yep and for some reason, I'm enabling her instead of talking sense into her. She's hot isn't she?"
"Omg YES!" Sam said with excitement. She blushed at her outburst.
"It's ok," Marietta said. "She had that affect on me too when I saw her naked for the first time."
"Let's exchange numbers," Sam said. I don't want to miss out the next time you are free. Besides, I'm sure Marietta wouldn't mind having someone else look out for you since you don't wear clothes. I really want to see if that's really the case when you are free again. This is so cool!"
Sonya's phone was still in Marietta's car in her purse. Marietta took the pleasure of giving Sonya's phone number to Sam. The three women walked down the stairs. Sonya led the way while Marietta and Sam watched. They were openly talking about her as she shamelessly paraded down the stairs into the sun on the ground floor. Sonya stretched her arms upwards, stood on her toes, and did a twirl to show her whole body to anyone that would look her way.
It was then that Marietta noticed how black Sonya's feet were. Knowing that could not be good for the long run of this experiment she said, "Hey naked girl. Have you seen you feet lately? You sure you want to get rid of ALL your clothes? What if you step on glass or something?" Sonya stopped and lifted her foot. It was indeed as black as tar on the bottom. She had not stopped to really take notice form all the excitement today.
Looking down, she began to think. While she loved the total freedom from all clothing, she couldn't go nude 24/7 and potentially wreck her feet. The thought of clothing touching her body was a very uncomfortable feeling, but the thought of getting her feet infected and somehow going to the doctor naked won the argument. There is no way she could go to the doctor naked. She was certain they would make her wear something.
"Ok. I'll compromise a little bit but only on condition." Amazed, Marietta replied, "What's the one condition?"
"My brown leather flip flops only. I think there are 2 pairs. I leave one pair in your car and I leave the other in my car. I told you I don't want any clothing in my home. That includes shoes, but I'll leave just one pair of shoes in my car for longer trips when I need to go places where my feet will get dirty." Sonya was still standing butt naked in the parking lot in full view. No cars or people had walked by as of yet, but she could easily be spotted if someone looked up from their phone to pay attention. There were a few people walking in the distance and totally missed the naked woman standing in the parking lot.
In fact, Sonya and Marietta were so comfortable with the current situation that Sam finally broke the ice. "Wow so this really is happening. I mean, yeah I thought you two were playing along, but the more I watch Sonya and the more I hear your conversation this is... wow. Really.. happening for real! I know we just met and barely know each other, but I really want to see what you can get away with one day! I'll be in touch. I'm late for my appointment but this was so worth it!"
Quickly Sam ran up to Marietta and hugged her goodbye. She carefully patted Sonya on the back taking care to make sure clothes did not touch her body. "I really appreciate that!" Sonya replied with a smile. Marietta was so proud that Sonya was making friends even if she was butt naked and had a fainting problem and a clothing problem and a masturbating problem. In fact Sonya's clit was pulsating something fierce. Marietta could see it moving. Her nipples looked so hard they literally could cut stone. The two women watched Sam get into her car and drive away. As soon as she was out of sight, Marietta could hear smacking sounds.
Sonya was so horny that she was beyond playing in her pussy and actually lightly patting it. Her swollen lips giggled as thick gobs of cum had formed on the outside of her lips. Her pussy glistening in the sun. Satisfied with her heavy petting she reached and grabbed on her wet clit, thrust her hips forward and started to buck her hips from pleasure. She leaned up against Marietta's car to balance herself. Marietta was recording.
"I'm surprised you could hold it in that long," Marietta said on camera.
"It was so hard....not..to.. touch myself! I can't believe how horny I am! I could feel my clit pulsating. I wish you got a video of that too!.." Sonya started to gasp she could no longer speak. She had to cum. Nothing else mattered. She had been standing fully nude for 5 minutes in the parking lot out in open. No one else noticed her that she knew of. Now she once again was blatantly masturbating in public reliving the past few minutes of her exposure. Once again she was making a video on camera for Marietta. She fantasized about someone hacking her computer and stealing her videos to post all over the internet.
Sonya's eyes rolled into the back of her head. Her mouth was wide open in an "o" shape. Her whole body shook as she had another orgasm. The warm metal of the car had tingled the back of her ass and as she slowly lowered herself down on the warm pavement, her back also got the same warm sensation. That combined with the sun and her exposure put her in ecstasy. Her crotch was a wet womanly mess. Her chest heaved from exertion and she sighed a big relief. Looking into the camera she said "I love this. My name is Sonya and I don't do clothes."